Real eyes Realize Real Lies.
It's Friday! Come get a beer. Anna is waiting.
apparently there is a guy hanging around parking lots in the area and stealing gas out of peoples cars.....really??
Mr Vic thank u for the RT! hope all is well on ur end boss!
It took nearly 100 years to gain traction against the fractional reserve form of banking and the fraud that is fiat money. Lined pockets.
looking for the person or persons responsible for vandalizing two cars using an acid-like substance.
DJ Smith makin a play...we are blessed with this system
Not wanting to go to class today :(
Great links, keep 'em coming. If I learn any more I'll explode!
Lazy Sunday just wasn't enough. Instituting Hooky Monday.
I traded head nods with Admiral Mullen at the Navy Bureau of Medicine today. :)
my arms are taking me to the depths of hell today....I think I need to soak in some epson salt or something,
Diva♛Illusionz mobile salon!!! Everywhere you need me to be!
Silly kids
Step Brothers
where in Cali you moving to?
Isn't he perfect so far?
can I please just be the opposite of sister wives and marry One Direction
I need to do my brows.
LMFAO! She said its like the Cinderella with Brandy!
Why am I so late to the game! I just subscribed to your blog RSS feed. Talk about #finally!!! :D
Thanks, Mark!
The Raven was intense
I had to going in to boot camp !
Settled my tab at Subway. Hope they cancelled the hit.
Love is friendship set on fire. ~ Jeremy Taylor
I just got back from Crossover with some of the best friends that anyone could ever have, I love having strong Christian Friends
"moreover, not uninteresting, nor nonumental"
I forgot how wonderful the occurrence of "pay day" can be!! I'm starting to favor this employment thing now
Injury-Free Exercise for a Better Quality of Life. MindFirstFitness.
1 last tweet FUCK THE VOGUE !!! seriously why do i even attempt and waste my time over & over with that club
When ego is lost, limit is lost.
This wicked jet lag makes me wonder if I am alive. How is my favourite (haha British auto spell) GT doing these days?
did you see the teen wolf trailer ?!? It premiered last night ( the trailer)
Tuesday: is closed but there's a truck meetup on Adams.
I have a crush on
she is(: ahah now i want her to add me to(:
House show at Charlie micheners. it's been awhile
good first tweet! You gotta get rid of the #egg for your icon :)
hope you feel better bby!! Loveyouu
Took 10 minutes to fill out my FAFSA. That's what happens when you're single/non-dependent & don't make enough to file taxes :/
kay. off here, dawggg. later (don't unfollow!) <3
got back yesterday!!! :)
Watching Iron Man 2 in preparation for tonight's midnight Avengers premiere
not a pretty thing but you're right, it's a good thing. Sometimes you'll find out of 10 friends, 2 or 3 friends are true. Sad.
awake and headed to the beach with people from LA :)
I'm a typical teenager, I have a messy room, I'm moody, I spend most of my time on my laptop, I go to bed late but that's me.
4 words. You are my inspiration.
overlaps of equity?
All I heard was "BEAT THAT HOE" I got up so quick, lmfaooooo
Found a new great thing my guys can do - checking review profiles for clients. Love having such efficient
I appreciate it. :-)
At Rave, last week! :) Happy St. Patty's!!
Why do people have safe words in the bedroom? Can't you just tell them no or stop
ATTN #ATSU: Helpdesk phones are down! Pls email your reqs, or call our busi. line at 2604 to be connected to a tech. Thx for your patience!
Looking forward to it as well!
This day just keeps getting better.. *cough* sorry there was some sarcasm stuck in my throat..
Its collddd in here
We have a profile in the Dec/Jan issue of ! Have you picked up your copy?!
he already tells you stories.
as I heard her cough around the corner
Well im off too bed (:
haters gon hate ✌
RT We're looking for someone to join our team. Massage therapists, Retail Team, Nail designers; Contact
it's you're ok in my book.
No complaints there! Is it warm in #Málaga yet? March is coming...
sometimes, though, the things we love aren't loved by others. We believed in all of these techs at one point.
It's just so obnoxious!
Loving 's "Some Nights"!! This album is perfect and flawless. Listen to it on their website!
Flight is delayed 4 hours. I'm ready to kill.
Congats to our Pushcart Prize nominees Michael Poore, Brendan Constantine, Harrison Scott Key, Brian Doyle, Joshua Ruffin, & Leslie Jamison!
Sounds like a good plan! RT : I'm off work at 2:30pm today. Nd I would like to go to Oz Korean BBQ please.
Had to comfort something, explained the concept of Average Cost and verified spouse dates of birth to get claims paid. Hero's work today ...
"6ft from da ground 152 pounds strong.. back on the block.. the man in you will fear the animal in me.." -r.i.p..
hello ocho, love da profile pic. Also I believe its 9 p.m in japan used to be stationed there in military
I love America & college football. But the extent that Green and Whitlock relied on 'this is America' in the #IQ2US debate was embarrassing.
Good to see Boys BB tourney staying at Kohl Center.
when your cousin texts you because you just tweeted that your feeling down. that's love
Nah fuck that... It's wrong
If at first you don't succeed, you're in great company ~ Elden Peterson
Didn't know Angie's List was filling for an IPO. It's amazing that their biz model is based on just under 1 million subscribers
#biebermemory pointing at myself during That Should Be Me during the concert. i am just shameful hahahahaha
Thanks for raising $528,000 for !
Rehearsal today! This play will run at the MINT theatre, NYC, in April
i'm still looking for the new flavors in Denver. Is there anywhere I can find them?
Texas cattle rancher Charles Kothman is down to six calves and their mothers after selling off 80 animals in recent months.
You said the way you like attractive men. LOL...its in the eyes of the beholder.
I can eat macaroni everyday lol :)
Hey do you have a website of some of your work?
me too
Interesting that the best clients for and on are 3rd party options, not from the companies themselves.
#TGTSpectacular Target is not welcome in San Francisco!!!!
I am so proud of you, good job of making it to the final two
that sounds delicious
Feedback loops so important for user experience. Play video games for inspiration - they've got this down. #confab12 #supermario<3
Before anyone has a panic attack...I collect swords....:) I know how to use them, but I don't..I just collect..:)
see what had happened was.......
M..Guinness <3
always forgotten at some point.
#FF - thank you for your shout outs!
RT : S&P Hits lowest level since Feb
seems like the spotify partnership put them on the map?
It's a girl!
That Drew Brees guys is almost as good as Aaron Rodgers. Almost. (Thanks for a great fantasy football season No. 9!)
I said it because I thought for sure BB would be watching! But I'm sure he already heard the news
Watch yo friends cause most niggas go change on you
What is it going to be -- reasons or results?
: Hey Lori, thank you! And my your day be blessed too!
Bar here VERY angry. RT : Think that advertisement on did more harm than good. Angered for all 3 seconds of it.
I did. I battled hook, found tiger lilly, rescued windy, even walked the plank.
“: Good sex is like expensive tequila #smooth #andnoburningsensations” lmao bahahaha
I only go to stars games or the fights!!! Let's see somethin!
": It was a great honor to spend time with my dear friends, new friends and old friends this week at #VMwarePEX" <-- Amen to that!
: Happiness is an attitude. We either make ourselves miserable, or happy and strong. The amount of work is the same.
Happy New Year!
sry we cant make it to ur concert. All ur vip passes sold out for ohio. We still luv u though. Well be waiting for more con ...
Alright, 4 commencement ceremonies today and then I start my drive to #Furman! :)
me too!
Tryna network with people from Portland
It's amazing how 18 different cities just happen to have sanitation issues at the same time.
Just when I accepted the fact that my iPhone was mostly likely gone forever - the cabbie found it! Dropping it off in the AM. RELIEF!
Did they give Albert the cold shoulder treatment?
Dude i failed too lol. I wont b asleep till 5ish :p
Gay people are scary. Fortunately, Herman Cain is nice enough to drive my wife around and protect her from the homosexual agenda.
Tebow is a full back, not a quarterback.
We are excited to share with you Vernon's and PRIME by Vernon's new Affordable Luxury offerings! Vernon's has created a fabulous new Prix...
Workout on the screen
To get rid of facial fuzz use gentle strip-less waxes. They are made for smaller areas than strip waxes
NFL Net reports owners have passed CBA -- met with round of applause. Back to the players in DC.
What would you offer for a 7 week class for MS "rotation" ...sort of an elective? My ideas so far: yoga, Scratch, frame animations, TED...
ok, im done. some of those were too good not to share
nah I didn't. I saw that you DM'ed the Alumni twitter and saw it there lol
lol. I've found that some missional services don't work for those outside the church and ironically, time/venue is among reasons
Being sick <
I commend saxophonist Donald Harrison for having the courtesy to say Thank You for the full-pg story in the NY Daily News. A rarity.
So nice out there now! Lake temp is 44 so a SE breeze will keep it cooler near the lake today.
Me.... naww im kidding
If monkeys could keep pets, they'd probably have chihuahuas.
Get some
Forecast for Tonight: Cloudy. A chance of showers. Mainly after midnight. Lows in the lower 60s. South winds 5 to 10...
Ready to start brewing some Stumptown Coffee in the stadium....
it's my day (night) off so I'm sipping malbec and eating chocolate. Going to the pool for some sun when I'm done.
Thanks, RoseMary! Spoke at forum yesterday, we have wind at our back. Keep up the great support!
I'm downtown dc on a gorgeous spring like day. I miss my college days at
Wow! Those look fabulous!
That made me upset.
Buenos dias. Enjoy your day
That's where a good editorial calendar comes in.
Thank You Kelly!
"artisanal" is code for "baked, not fried" #whateverhappenedtotheleadsinker?
go to bed you have school mister! lol
Let us know! :)
At Jeff Dunham in Consol Energy Center...
I love everyone for who they are, I don't expect them to change themselves to be around me. If you are fake, that's what I don't like. Be U!
love your site! we think you might love us too! www.icicledust.com. can always send free downloads too.
How can you tell that you're getting old? You go to an antique auction and three people bid on you!
Everyone stumbles. What counts is how you take your next steps, and who lends a hand to lift you up.
Thanks for the # FF ...honored to be mentioned with &
#OWIF: K's flight is delayed, giving me time to wash the fish & dancin' scent off & buy some emergency pants.
Counting Crows are so good that i don't have words to finish this statement.
How can I get my new book into your hands to read?
And Media Gamechangers w/ , &
Fantastic - I'll keep an eye-out. Looks like a great class!
Kentucky #Derby party and Mint Juleps! Isn't everybody?
Rappers always telling me that I know what time it is when I really don't
This Red Wine >>>
Diverse Mobile's first documentary will start shooting in the Spring. Stay tuned for more details!
And for me, it's about the Wasabi. My sinuses tingle in excitement just thinking about it.
Just added to the
little more classy than my sis who woke up in t' footwell after popping a pill 4 a trans-Atlantic flight
The fish is ready to be served. Downtown #SanJose San Pedro Sq. #ahi #salmon and #tofu is what's for lunch. Look for us today!
dale! meeting at tootsies! We still gotta celebrate my birthday cuz!
Thanks for the follow. We have you on our radar screen, too. Tweet!
Book Notes: Digital Bookmobile hits North Spokane - The Spokesman Review
Thanks for the follow. Great to see your new facility & enjoy some very tasty wines during Okanagan fall wine festival. Cheers!
haha.... Never goes away! Just fades to the back pages. ;)
send me ya number on a message fam..
Thanks for the follow! I'm looking forward to your tweets.
Really liked this blog. Well done.
Yes, I'd be honored to have my twitter tag added. Thank you very much.
Back to watching
are you calling your doctor a bitch again ?
i'm going to rock this today!
No Problems just solutions #print “: Laugh at your problems, everybody else does. what problems?”
Curly endive, why you gotta be so bitter?
i cnt wait to hear the song Justin wrote for us on his birthday. Hes so sweet. I love when he does stuff like this
is today over yet? Wanna just move on to tomorrow, then this weekend. Could really just blow off some steam right now. Could use massage!!!
Quite embarrassing really I was tired and grumpy upon arriving home I wanted to sit and eat but I couldn't find my phone
I'm going to starting using google translate to teach me Greek hah
jealous. Enjoy dude!
Don't miss the women's basketball game tomorrow at 4 in the Al McGuire Center!
One day you'll wake up & those big things will seem so small and you'll see it was all part of the plan after all
Rumor: Sporting to replace Zambrano w/ Todd Haley for 2012 season. part of the deal though will force Haley to shower & wear clean clothing.
Entering my first Recording contest tomorrow wish me luck? <3 <3
#Jobhunting is like sand on my face in the wind. It's irritating, and things are palpable, but I can't quite grasp them.
i can sing the whole Otis rap by coz im such a swaggah person
yes really
Thanks for the replies, mentions, favorites and retweets last week (Part 2):
Lol! Yes, the krill part I enjoyed quite a bit;)
Dont forget to help support the Girl Scouts and Order, Buy & Pick Up your box or boxes of Girl Scout Cookies (and they are so good !!!)
No training ride today thanks to a steady #rainout. I guess I'll just have to double down the mileage on Sunday's route
legit. I almost got one that said Don't Need It.
Holy Derrick Rose
Its Ok , I Understand Your Lazyness LOL :)
Online math - need to ask about how any of these address accessibility.
Nice!! LAX traffic officers to keep traffic moving in a customer-friendly manner with helpful handouts and coupons for free coffee!!
I mowed the grass during the winter (today)!
sweet twitter. :)
my car is at the rugby house. Otherwise I'd be getting it rn. :/
When does the first Episode of #LabRats come on? I cant wait to see it! :)
...did u expect to c chicks at a RUSH show? Geddy is the hottest chick there!! Kidding
Thanks :) I guess I'll let you know if it works
What a lovely morning.... Great way to start the day... >;D <3
Its Cinco De Mayo (:
I don't get told that I get told I'm sexyAF!!
Don't find love... Let it find you...
School... but it's a 3 day weeekendd!
Haha! See you in a couple of weeks at SXSWi.
I wish I could tell that person she looks like Donald ducks girlfriend Daisy:/ with out offending her;)
Tomorrow #tampa :)
coming through in a big way tonight with a tribute to #LevonHelm. You will be missed Brother Levon.
i caught a bad virus and in alot of pain
Wow. Unlucky break for the Phillies there. lol
People need to learn the difference between lust and love.
Models, Photographers, MUAs etc looking for free Positive publicity contact me with you Like Pages, Websites etc
You can get them from her after session
No heart Red Sox...
LIVE Music 7-10PM w/ Matt Barron 2NITE! Happy HR 4-7 so come grab some drinks & enjoy some great easy music & amazing food! C U SOON!
-smiles wide and sings "iYiYi- That means I Love You, girl i'll be your everything and all you need -giggles-
wats good boss. I'll be home tomarrow night but I won't be free till Friday afternoon RELs shootin a bid this week you comin?
getting really frustrated.
Tip 6: Ending the Date - If there is a mutual attraction don't forget to get her number and don't expect a kiss on the first date.
I Be Talkingg Recless To The Teachers At Sterrett Cuss They Better Know Who iAm !
Wow George Martin is killing people off like a mother trucker.
When you're worried, write it in the dust and let the rain settle it.
to troubleshoot my lack of phone and Internet -- which I first called about yest. morning. Appt for Wed. now. 6 days later.
Lol Yeah I have all the albums on vinyl. I take them out every now and then.
Greenville struggles to stage comeback
Mostly I like stats week for the exercise. Lots of stairs.
Looking at movie chilling
I wonder if he thinks about me as much as I do about him <|3
Preach. RT : Read at least one newspaper every day
Join us for Pub Trivia tonight and test your knowledge while enjoying great food & drink specials – starting at 7:30pm!
I love my mom but I hate little holidays like this.
good point. I take back my statement.
it's funny cuz ive had a few people tweet me thinking I am talking about Philly past few days haha
“: When you realize you dnt need nobody but God....then you'll understand Life.”<<<AMEN!!!
Open vs Closed Coffin.
RT : Partner news! ADX pouring draft Brew Dr Kombucha for members- White Rose & Lemon Ginger Cayenne.
Congrats ESM Draft CLIENTS! M Brockers 1-Rams R Brooks 4- Bills J Chapman 5-Colts K McCray FA Dolphins L Smith FA Cowboys M Louis FA Texans
Great job Emceeing !
Always bittersweet to see Relay come to an end. To my fellow steering members: You are the best. Miss you already.
Maybe the wife and I will slow down just enough to watch Fellow #Atlanta Moviemaker
question: changes much more fluid in word processing environment - explain
Consider yourself a guest at Oliver!
I don't want to leave ):
But by taking my time I'm concentrating more on enjoying the creation process and less on the end product. It's not as if this were a job.
yeah neither have i ://///
A roach!!
Congratulations on receiving the #40under40 awards!
Just curious...if you aren't from Kentucky, what would actually make you cheer for such a douchebag like Calipari?
Also, used instagram for the 1st time. Not keen on the fact that I can take widescreen pictures w/my phone, yet the app forces a square.
omg I remember him lol aww
please please tell me you went to the xfactor auditions
About to get in my sleeping bag, no pun intended,
DM We are looking for proven entrepreneurs to accelerate mkt penetration. If curious to know more, let me know. 920-450-5404
Yeah it was fun! We missed you
I hope one day someone powerful will say to me, "We've been following your career with great interest." Hehe.
yeah but he's not a household name haha
Sweet dreams!
Twins are in the future.
I'm Just In Love with you ;) haha there are some weird things trending :):
I don't know how I just got over 200 followers since this morning but thanks... whoever you are! It may take a while to follow everyone back
I don't want to alarm you, but I just heard that we only got 4 minutes to save the world. tick tock tick tock tick tock.
“: I feel like I need a nap” same
When we disclaim praise, it only shows our desire to be praised a second time.
new on twitter !
Thank you for all the advice. Good night.
CC Media Holdings, Clear Channel Communications and Clear Channel Outdoor Holdings Set Date for First Quarter 2012 ...
If you're on an #OccupySD committee we'd like to know it! Please reply or dm do we can get a little bit more organized :)
Go Green!! We have #Eco-Friendly CD and #DVD Cases. Call today for info or to order. 800-240-1850 Keep our planet #GREEN www.showcases1.com
By I actually mean that guy who's on TV each morning
Omg lmao sticker!! You get it stick her ! Sticker
y'all niggas think you stunt
Desperately waiting for a Bert update ...What are you two crazy guys up to today?
that's the problem Comcast doesn't carry universal sports only directv!
Masters classes are complete! Way to rise up finish strong and praying HARD for
We are inviting all our customers & followers to make an offer of your choosing on any of our fabrics! SALE ENDS 8/27/2011! iluvfabrix.com
great song ;)
VIRALS STARTING @ $350 HIT ME UP IF YOU "READY"#MOVIE!!
Now following so I can get all the latest news on
Umm *points at TL* RT : the material, knowing the heat will penetrate and be felt against your flesh*
I hope everyone is enjoying their break so far!
Not cool... Did we just recycle LA riots a la 2012? Seriously now.
His autograph is hilarious, looks like a flower o.o haha
the massage ends when u want me to end it xD
When My Grandma Yells At Me It's Hilarious... Imagine A Little Dog Chasing It's Tail.
Bennet's describing the state's whacky accounting. How the state invented $4 billion, then told districts to spend that money
Yaaaaayyy!! Have a great weekend, bud! :)
k, thanks. I'll keep searching for a strongly opinionated answer to that question
hahaha absolutely!!!! (now I want to go to Ohio!!!!)
Tnx I appreciate it!
Woody Paige's chalkboard says TEIAM PLAYER. That's halarious!
Muhammad Ali~ Its just a job. Grass grows birds fly waves pound the sand. I just beat people up.
Loved Harry Potter movie. Nice way to tie it al up...feels like the end of an era
Well I can't believe I wasted over a year of my life on
I'm gonna pick up a bike and a bass tomorrow. I know, right?!
and Terry Taylor was a great wrestler before Red Rooster gimmick. Sometimes the bad ones stick with the fans.
For those of you whom decided to stay in the Big Peach this glorious weekend
awesome job promoting the show at Sasquatch!
ha ha . Too late on the reply ;]
all of these rainy days <<<<
I miss you and love you. <3
For some reason I totally believe that Hudler had no idea that the all star game was in KC this year.
Brooklyn Nets unveil black and white logo
Thanks for following me and add me as well!!!
oh that's good! Idk how you do it. I'll pass out. I can't even do 1 mile.
Feels like a long time
Hey, watch it! From a Clevelander.
I love that.
What did he have to say? ;-)
i know there's sunshine behind the rain..
Back with a sack of hack magic. New Don'tBeAfraidoftheDark podcast very soon.
he doesn't have the legs. No explosion but he's being a facilitator.
no cause I don't like cp3 he's overrated! Not even top 3 pg in the league
u got punkd too funny bro shit was hilarious
#Blackhawks and Brent Seabrook are trending right now.
Latest from coaches and operations crew is that a decision will be made at 6 p.m.
YEAHH. Thats the only reason I havent put pictures up...yet.
last camp day aye
Rise and grind. Today we are working on a presentation and some banners for a local business.
They will be dead soon
Our Bourbon Trail tour with was pretty awesome! Thanks Rob!
Your spouse should be your equal and of the utmost importance to you. You should give them the world or die trying.
just watched "love and other drugs"
If you love me love me unconditional (Future Voice)
#pgmclass is definitely a lot of work, but every time I sit down for a lecture my enthusiasm for the material is reignited
True Success is measured by how many people you care about and have been positivly effected by knowing you.....
Lmao RT : I need to adjust my mustache...my nigga said I'm going for the Dirty Sanchez look...had me weak but I'm still offended
So im sitting here bein bored just finished my project too early and bored dont know what to do xP
they should be able to buy whatever they want!
You should fill out a petition for release and include the proper documentation. The form is available on our website!
I got time what about yo girl TELLE one of the hottest RNB singer's in nap
It was this dude i seen that look like Cameron ! AW ♥
Today should be an interesting day . Hello restless Wednesday.
Love rainy days. Hot tea and catching up on National Geographics.
Thanks to our newest followers!
You were so great at #WPPI I felt like a groupie at the Sony booth but that's ok it was worth it!!
It means you're not female.
Senior project day isn't that bad. We got some French ice cream thing. It was delicious. [:<
Thanks . Which ones?
#askscooter -- does your job ever feel so stressful that you think it's just not worth it anymore?
The song may be "Lazy" but not this guy....
Tempting Tuesday's at One Up Elevated Lounge. Exceptional eats and divine drink specials!!! It's all going down at One Up!!!
Complete w/ online class... time for
RT : Bob Uecker made his debut on this date in 1962 with Milwaukee Braves. Ironic that #Brewers play #Braves tonight!
WelL, i knOw I'Ve sEen some sEcreT mEssages fRom you oN here before WAhLberg! ;)
Panasonic showing off very sleek lithium ion home storage modules at
Get any projects accomplished this weekend? After a refreshing weekend, we are back here in the office and ready to serve you!
lol he did. But I was sleepy.
For American and US Air, it could only get better...! 😉
done deal my man....he hit me yesterday, we'll do it for sure.
happy birthday !!!
yes sir
getting ready to style fr celebs fr EMMY AWARDS RED CARPET ...
Gettin a job hard as hell when yu ain't got no car or transportation.....
First quiz of the quarter - no problem.
Why can't they understand the way we feel. They just can't trust what they can't explain
Fina get in my gucci mode..if u ain't fuckin wit gucci..u a lame..I'm sorry
No problem! Best of luck with the move, Elie!
What can you do different this week than you did last week in order to sell your products or services online?
Boom! Yep! That's a catch!
Today is the last day of the week, YES (-:
Have you decided to be a part of the #lakehoustonarea #homeandgardenshow yet? did!! So excited to work with u!
XD for sure, the downside is, I need to rebuy 90% of my games.
- Congratulations on your Forty Under 40 recognition as well! Well deserved!
10% off all IN STORE PURCHASES with a 2012 ticket stub from the #Cleveland #Autorama. Valid till March 31st, 2012.
YOU LIE! Hamas has used Hospitals, Ambulances and Mosques!! STOP YOUR LIES! That is EXACTLY what the terrorists do!
Ops, Kenji not Ken. See! Told you I'm the wrong one. Rick is busy playing the mayor in Vancouvria.
We are failing today's kids because we failed their parents. In some cases, because we failed their grandparents - Kaya Henderson
Lets go lakers
Scotch labels sometimes say "single/single" which means single malt from single barrel only about 250 btls can be filled from a barrel. Yum!
I'm not making excuses, but you have to be 18 to get in. Or get a waiver signed by a legal guardian. I apologize.
I am too old to be waking up at 3am. This baby of mine is aging me in dog years.
I know... I probably should restrain my sense of humor.
Hey! How are you doing?
Loved song! Why I have I never heard this song before? So good.
Heading to UCB soon then tomorrow to a comedy audition.
I love when people who I miss text me. Made my morning as corny as it sounds.
Thanks Tom!! We couldn't be happier! Every year it gets better!
say something baby dont be shyy
Thanks so much for the tweet!
How insulted is Donnie Kelly for getting replaced by Inge and his stellar .059 batting average. Go
no worries- the curriculum companies have free ones. You can still get your tote bag on.
we have 0 eggs at home
OK, here's the deal: we aren't a great team but neither are the Raiders. So I predict we're gonna kick their ass.
#RNGEEZIE woohooo. They can't throw them off. That's unacceptable.
Virtual high-five! What's the next Scoutmob spot you plan to hit?
Fight off those rainy day blues with a delicious, hot meal from Chilorio's! Dine in or carry out. Can't wait to see you soon!
I LOVE the Happy Mothers Day video! Your SO BLESSED! xo
Hi Nathanial, Did you see my email via Molly? I'm glad to work sm more.
thank goodness, you can't be good at EVERYTHING~ can you? :)
If holiday indulgences are getting the best of you, ramp up your cardio by trying a spin class, cardio kickboxing or dance class.
jk i think i should record another one tomorrow
Next table over is questioning the meaning of life via quantum mechanics. Just another Wed. afternoon. Maybe I'll overhear some answers...
thanks Ron! You as well :)
LOL well it still hurts when you bite your tongue in your mouth on accident. Daammiit.
Superb Mayoral debate tonight! shows that he's not looking for blame, he's looking for solutions!
I wish I had friends to long board and do things with to bad everyone hates me. Forever alone
I just met in the parking lot. Yay for meeting Tweet peeps in person. Who's next?
All of mine lost today also....BO!!!! However, Thanks for the awesome weather Jeff.
He said u heard of 50 cent? They call me 40 percent!! Lmao
hey this is Maggie! This is my band can you follow and maybe mention us? #ily :)
im a cheapass...we played mini golf and went to the mirror maze.
Who else is listening to love songs to get in the mood for #Valentines?
nicely inspiring.
Just finished at the playground w/ Aidan. Time for supper, story & bed.
Dang Kohl Center data connection ... Makes live tweeting impossible.
Hi babe, tweet me back okay.
Church evicted because property was sold and given 11 days to move? Lawrence township that was low.
Wait until you're reaching the end of your life. You'll be swimming in the bullshit.
Free raffle ticket with purchase to the first 50 guests today 4 the raffle during superbowl... no cover great drink prices!!!
looking mad & upset like he was gonna cry..
- "The job of a leader is to rally people to a better future." Marcus Buckingham, author
Down right fierce.
thank goodness she's finally gone!!!go Lisa kill em'
Obama to visit Seattle Sunday - be traffic and TFR advised.
Had a great evening. Went to see Titanic in 3D with Alaina.
Olive Garden. :)
mentions. are. dead. toe. is. sad.
Bryce Harper is the same age as me and I envy him
Bron is in need of help! RT As of the moment, all signs point to: LBJ (Cle), Wade + Bosh(Mia), Boozer(Chi), Amare(NY).
im tired
don't know how much I believe peeps going to see fireworks had an impact on party affiliation
#MMchat Near and dear to my heart. Looking forward to it! Cheers
The dog is the only animal that has seen his god. ~Author Unknown
Our message is simple......make the best choice you possibly can..... Happy New Year! 2012 is a gift.....BE CHOOSEY!
Hello Thursday! Does anyone have a crave for good sushi, bento box? Let's get raw, y' all;D
was so bored by Kate w and Mickey R's nonstop selfathons that am back wid me NCIS YAYYYYY
C'NERGY hits the stage at in the International Plaza from 7:30-11:30pm!!
Did you know that the word "Robot" was coined by Josef Čapek in the 1910s and means serf labor in Czech (referring to drudgery or hard work)
Don't let your mouth get you into something your ass can't handle....
RT : M.O.M. Comedy Mix release party ! May 31st. W For $5adv tix go to h ...
I wish everyone happiness, and havingness at this time and ongoing. peace.
You are so welcome! We try! RT : thank you for always having awesome food!
Girl. Sisters were so nosy. "Whatchu writing bout?" Hilar.
I really am truly blessed. 🙏
Dyson on. This calls for two sac bunts to get him to third.
I guess this is what happens when you have a lot of emotion or something
you can use twitter karma to keep followers and delete unfollowers and grow your reach and quota ;)
night night
preciate the follow.
yeah, that sounds good. (: i'll just ask my madre later today!
Awesome your the best! Have a great day RT : it was delicious as always :)
cant go back to sleep..thinkin about the one dat belong to me..ihope she realize im here for her..she always got my heart
Happy Birthday big guy! Welcome to the Terrible Twos
I would pin a corsage to your face if I thought it would distract the world from your withered oily t-zone.
There had better be some white agents monitoring this election. Call the DNC out if there's not.
your line for pet smart is so adorable!! I have 4 babies and I can't wait to go shopping
Never Let Me Go (film version) = empty bummer calories.
365 days? We should have had champs yesterday not coffee. Bad to have andrea's laptop stolen ! Tx 4 todos.
1905- From a public auction of railroad land the town of #LasVegas Nevada founded.
lmao ... Chile that woman ..!!! Lol in gone need a blunt lol
Zusi has a minor quad strain, so he's unavailable for today's game vs Vancouver.
2 days off = 222 unread emails? Where can I hide?
what happens when he gets fired and he is the Kentucky coach in '13?
#NewYorkKnicks are looking great right now and giving me some faint hope.
how's la treating you
Aw Shucks... #rupaulsdragrace WTF Wrestling!!!! Do it Girls!!!!... Who needs RAW... when you can go RAAAWWWWWW
I don't really like putting lip gloss on and making my lips all glittery.akdhjid.I'm a chapstick person.
haha I'll start next week!
When someone talking shit about and you stare at them like.. How could you hate on that.. Then start yelling at them. :D
interesting blog!
he's not coming till like next year and Taylor might come with us cause i told both of u that u could come with me and eric
OH HELLS NAW!! Don't Even Mention The Radiers GET Out Of The BRONCOS Country! Okayy. You Like Radiers Move To Okaland
#Lackey, The Sleeping Beauty. Another unintentional reread. Excellent, hilarious mashup of various fairy stories, including the Ring Cycle.
please tell me ABC's mid-season press release was a joke?
I love the mothers day google. Its so cute. Made me smile.
Looking forward to it
I wish Capture One Pro was supported by ColorChecker PassPort.
hi, my names devin and i take naps on the coronado golf course.
What? Sitting down doing nothing? Make your way to Spelman for the second showing of the student films.. starts in 30 in Cosby LL31
Be definitive in your vision and you will see it before your eyes with laser cut precision
create a content calendar for your social media posts, google calendar is color coded and easy to use
So there's a rumor going around that Usher died in a car accident. I hope that it is false. Guess ill find out in the morning. GN :)
Congrats to Serena Williams for her fourth #wimbledon title. International Sports are dominating the scene in early July.
just ditch bro haha
When Library Journal reviews really diss, I've seen "Recommended for large collections with generous budgets."
A breakfast containing eggs will make you feel full longer than cereal does, new study shows
Congratulations, you are the winner! Please DM me or email me at with your mailing address. You
It must be spring, no matter what the temperature is. The cat has abandoned my office for the sun porch.
You're welcome! :)
of course dude, you deserve it. Keep making insane remixes and you'll easily be on top in no time.
People in Portland are thirsty, jeeze. And not for drinks.
As crazy as everything is, at least I get out in time to see the sun set every night.
episodes of 'hoarders' are piling up on my DVR. i want to save them; not delete them! what's wrong wi- oh, no. oh god, it's happening.
Really looking fwd to rallying Arlington YDs tonight at Carpool along with and on by!
Here 2 prep 4 ur NBC shoot airing SuperBowl Sunday! Now...if mom and I could just get u up....wakey wakey sleeping beauty!!
#americanhorrorstory is a great show but it can be very story. You won't regret it.
Bench if I don't work on his skills. RT what position does he play?
One of those awesome Honey BBQ Chicken Strip Sandwiches, please!
hey so where you from?? :)
Just completed the cinnamon challenge successfully... for now...
....is it for my compilation?
but it's you that's on top of the beauty list.
“ I'm here at the K supporting Jackie Robinson Day. #42 #5” nice! now if only we can get the #royals to play like
thank-you punk!!!;)
even on my birthday you're mean to me...
When it�s cold, the testes move in closer to the body for warmth. The opposite happens when it�s warm.
should put,been a part in "recent years". Shit has changed in the past 5 years. Camping out for garbage with a limited tag
ready 4 these nba playoffs
Watching a scary movie
I'm seeing Sean Parker Presentation with Al Gore at SXSW 2012.
you must be tryna get lit up you ol Jive turkey!
Discover what you've known all along.
wow thats so selfish of you
and plot it and see which area of US has more reds and which ones have more greens
www.seductiveDreamWear.com Check it out SEXY
:-) RT “: i think it's everyone's dream to sellout but at the right point #WebSeriesChat”
I hope there is some cursory investigation going on.
Mix it up ;-) I just had a killer greek salad w/ chix
...oh man, haven't seen that version for ages.
Thanks for the retweet!
The only "Super Committee" the President and Congress needs to listen to right now is the one in the streets of America
I suppose you are right but Monday is a distant memory now so it could just be the faded pain talking ;)
All I Want Is 2 Fat Bitches & A Bag Of Doritos So I Can Give 2 Tha Fat Bitches
The hungriest players who've been through the most are the ones that ultimately achieve their hoop dreams.
RT : A3: Trying to do too much all at once.
Need a friend? Text me. Need a laugh? Call me. Need money? This number is no longer in service.
Hell Yeah You Know
Thanks for the suggestion. It's definitely on the roadmap.
Had a great night at the Bluebird! Thanks to all my friends who came out!
But really exactly a month until school is out!
Ill be sleep in 2hrs and 30 mins... I hope.
I know what you mean man, i was jumping for joy when that came out!
Char-Q gives great advice, we'll whisper it in your ear next show. #don'tdothatdothis
MY MUSIC NOW CALLED PROFESSIONAL MYSTERY.
If U don't have a problem w/the life U R leading; then there shouldn't be any complaints about the harvest U reap from the seeds you've sown
LOL! Good for you. Did you find out how to fix the hack? It's still tweeting how to slim down.
it's over. I don't think jews do that, though.
Is the Dallas Morning News web site under a denial-of-service attack? I have not been able to get to the site at all this evening.
I feel so blessed to have the ability to fly wherever whenever on a whim. :-)
Do continue the story and let me know what a senior pharmacist does in UK to affect a patient-doctor relationship.
Girl just called me & says wassup lil shit head bitch ?? All I could say was bye <<<<<< Wack af to call ya self or friends bitches n hoes
Really? Where im frm if ur bestfriend isn't cool w, smebdy then thats their issue. Can't hate tht person over yo friend beef
When the team really needs someone to step up uberbust Wes Johnson content on doing absolutely nothing to help the team
#Tulip is pretty great. I just remember the remarkable martinis thanks to Have Fun:)
Ha! My kinda party. RT That awesome moment when DnD group starts singing all of our actions to The Light in the Piazza.
thank you for everything you have done for the fans and taps, may god bless u and good luck,THANK U
well if you decide to move you have a friend up here :) It's good to get away from bs... My week's been alright. Yours?
literally i didnt know they would become famous so fast......UGHSKLFJLKSJFLKSJDF
Happy April Fool's Day! So when U open the studio door &C a long line of gorgeous women, whose gonna laugh then? :)
I Know Right!!!! you need to do a song with It would be amazing please.. Cody
Dig a Pony is my favorite bar there. Plus, it has hipsters. Portland hipsters = best people watching ever.
and just think, ALL the cute girls would be talking about you!
I miss flip flops
you should have joined! We're rehearsing for Friday
really?!? That's so cool!! U should if ya want! I would!
#primaryschoolconfessions my first boyfriend was John Smith.. Yea I felt like Pocahontas.. Jp
when is it coming out?
watching fresh prince ! ! aint watched dis in a lil minute !
NP: Drake & The Weeknd-The Zone
EVERYONE I GOT HACKED SO FOLLOW ME!!!! ITS MY NEW ACCOUNT
need some work later on WR's HMU lol
: football is a distraction from academics and learning to compete in the global economy
This is hot!Thanks Ruby:)
Bobby where are you? 💜
Hopes throws some mean balls today at the game ! Good luck best friend ! :) <3
The sec is dominating the CWS. Better put on that #Rallycap girl
Hear a girl crying on phone crying saying "mom i dont want a basket on my bike!"
Don't be surprised I don't trust you with shit
I don't have it anymore ):
wish there was some way to like tweets!
Considering a CD purchase. Recommendations? Any Bruno Mars albums worth it? cc:
do you know your link goes straight to godaddy.com??
ouch.. it's supposed to be me & you forever & ever.. :(
we're in the front. It's pretty empty.
Heading home..picking up some wine on the way...need relaxation and a massage!!!
Mayweather is taking Cotto down!:D
I've been known to start singing
Hi Cynthia! I see you're interested in fishing. My rom-com's heroine gives it a try - and falls in the river! LOL!
How often do you and your counterparts at your sister networks get together?
where are you going? I'll be in Seattle for the Privacy Identity Innovation conference #pii2012 & then SF
& have no fear. Common Man is here in bottles and kegs are coming. Text me if you want one
Yeah it was in Oct 2007. Im betting that they are fake.
R/T in the building wit
4 followers till 1k help me out! I'll return the favor.
Hi Kerry, Thank you for following, I am looking forward to your tweets!!
yes its the U2 song the show is named after
WOAH I CAN BREATHE RIGHT AGAIN!
Who do you think was the greatest general in military history?
I voted...
sorry that you have to work above them. Does their incompetence seep through the floor and affect you?
I love you. Countdown to Thanksgiving
no wonder you didn't call!
Vegas .... Success
I hope you had a family holiday season! We keep talking about running up to NYC so this may be the perfect time!
#ndpl calisphere.com provides tools (widgets, local collections, google map overlays) that allow libraries to create their own. Neat
i swear every Monday....somebody new sends me a naked picture....of myself. smh
I will know by April the 21st if we are going to have enough funding, to start the production of Airwolf "Hawkes Rainbow", I need Prayers!
my favorite thing about this photo is the star spangled pony in the background. I want that! M
Supposed to be learning Phoebe from As You Like It. I'm not. I'm panicking about opening night of Violet Sharp.
These nigga's now aday all talk I ain't buyN it
let me chew on bark in peace.
congrats babygirl 😊 I'm so I'm so I'm so proud of you !
#grammylive All the #grammy2011 artists must make sure the hydrate and rest their voices tomorrow! Best of LUCK TO ALL!
Raspberry Martini ~ Stoli Raspberry Vodka, Stoli Blueberry Vodka, Cranberry Juice, Pineapple Juice, Pureed Raspberries
I'm assuming that's a product of your best writer
Well said on that last tweet
YUMMY!! Doesn't get any better than that.. #HAPPYMAC&CHEESE!
mine good, I hope my moms was even better, if only they hadn't brought mine 10mins before hers and hadn't slammed it on the table...
Okay I give up
How are you celebrating #CincodeMayo? We would love to be part of your fiesta!
It official! annavivette.com is up:) take a listen if you dare;)
I know the feeling. There where times at college where I thought I would start the game but coach changed his mind
Many thanks! RT Happy #WW Authors
slurping soup always make me violent....
$20 Veal Saltimbocca tomorrow at Osteria, just mention this tweet before you order. Dine in only! 47 day to go!
Os The Best In The NBA
That right there is the story of my life.
Nah, I didn't, but okay. Just making sure. I was a little worried you might have died or something.. o.o
Thanks to the interstate highway system, it is now possible to travel from coast to coast without seeing anything. - Charles Kuralt
what's your favorite thing to do when you are not working???
m jealous
From way down town!!
Hey! Sadly I do not own a Santa suit! I wish I had one!
Got to spend time with all 4 of my wonderful kids and beautiful wife today -we watched Ratatouille. These are the best moments in life!
Had to retweet that sorry lol
I miss your tweets....
had a nice lunch with and
by who?
im so bored!!!! help me fix this problem!!!!
It's the same way that objects work. They're tagged with their type, which is used to lookup behavior when messages are received
how long have you been home ? Im good
Can u imagine how much I'd freak out if told me something? YAY, u don't know enough...(like it's not going 2 happn)...
Sun is shining, birds are chirping, feeling good... hope it's going to be one of those weeks!
My roomie has moved out. I really miss his cat.
Our salon prides itself on service!! RT Doing my nails 's Nails
is as soothing in real life as in Reading Rainbow. Doing well by doing good are not mutually exclusive
Tits. I hate going to school knowing I'm gonna be late 😓
no, the fact that he tweeter about McCollum. So random.
Softball is canceled>>
Rosie and I will be your bridesmaids. I promise, you won't remember a thing
Just about ready to eat... having my twin sons over tonight... They are 36 years old... great to be with
Credit Unions are like , they don't charge for checked bags!
If you want a vision of the future, imagine a boot stamping on a human face - forever
I wore pants and a dress shirt today ... the A/C in our building is broken. #whyME ??
Thanks for the compliment.
Shout out to
great presentation by Brian Sacawa from at
The Texas Rodeo: a place where you can fry anything on a stick and it is absolutely necessary to watch your every step
Happy Easter everyone!
Michaiah, My Best friend ever, i miss you and love you too!
There is no doubt the #Angels blow this game...
deffinition of characterRT : The true measure of an individual is how he treats a person who can do him absolutely no good.”
I just had to wipe a tear from my eye and somberly pet my Dreamcast that I had stuffed to remind me of Sega's glory days.
Stop by pier 17 Miami boat show, I'll buy you a cocktail
YES!! #GEORGELUKAS is donating affordablehousing solution in NOCA for poor! THANKS GEORGE!!!!!!!!!!
damn that is crazy!
"Decide what to be and go be it!" - Edge
peace im out for awhile be on later tonight :)
"We will be back in the same position a year from now, looking at service cuts and...more fare increases." - MassDOT Sec. Davey
TONIGHT ONLY!!!! TRX Demo at RAIN FITNESS begins at 5:30pm!!! Only 3 spots left.
My last facebook picture was taken two days before my birthday...last year
To this day I still taste that first kiss. How I prayed it wouldn't end
That was the sweetest pic ever. :(
All I do is listen to music all day everyday
I'm about to give up on Chrome just because the spell check sucks so bad, seriously google? You can do better than this....
Safe Word Why Didn’t You say the Safe Word? Oh Yea Mouth Gag.... How About Safe Gesture?
Congress and the house wants a raise, they say they're way underpaid. But say no to pay increase for teachers.
Can't wait to start my second run of Insanity workouts when I get back from my honeymoon!
Thanks for fav'ing my tweet! Have an awesome day!
Still in need of FEMALE extras for tomorrows shoot. PLEASE PLEASE send email to and we would GREATLY appreciate it!
Done with the #Pens tweets for tonight. If you want to talk why I'm more awesome than you, I'm all ears. And cock.
This looks doable
So yeah, who's an idiot who forgot their Brewer tickets at home? THIS GUY. #FML Sorry // either way
Oh yes.... Everything is ok. Just had alot of changes. Thank you for asking!
What's going on at VIR?
Avoid energy drinks for at least 2 hours before workouts/games. They are high in caffeine and sugar which can lead to unexpected crashes
the drummer for his first album is LP from Yellowcard
Thank you so much Deborah. <3
what is it??
When girls can text you all day and not get boring.
": Just shove me against a wall and fuck me already."
Fun Easter Sunday with the family out here in NY tomorrow. Went out and bought all the youngest of the fam. some toys and chocolate bunnies.
thank you so much Anna Louise. This made my night. #iloveyoumore I feel the exact same way about you. I miss you so much. :(
People can be so damn stupid! !!.
Ah! I am seeing so many Cuse updates! Have fun! You should go to Flint and get written up for old times sake! :)
hi lady. I'm actually working it. I'll secretly cheer for you. Miss u
Listening to The Postal Service's "Such Great Heights" and it is glorious! #2000's
My feet hurt so fricken bad
sometimes I feel like pandora knows me better than I know myself
Thanks for sharing! What resonated w/ you and who did you recognize?
Not really surprising, still sad: Singer #AmyWinehouse found dead at her apartment in London,UK Press Association reports, She was 27
Tom Cruise to play Van Helsing
Tonight at Sundara in Flagstaff
Thanks you! We are super excited about it!
This one BITCH be hating xD
my poor boyfriend lol hope he gets a fast recovery!
Now I know why this is my first visit to Lenox Grille
SO proud of my fellow Zags who will be graduating this weekend :) Take in every moment of graduation, because it goes by quick! CONGRATS!
BLAKE'S A CUTIE
Semen contains zinc and calcium, both of which are proven to prevent tooth decay.
haha yes!! its one of my fav covers! :) <333
Being grounded is starting to piss me off feels like I'm on a goddamn leash -_- I hate being home thinkin' bout bouncin' still.
Blackberries r like girls, they only work when u rub 1 little button iPhones r like men 1 touch, anywhere & they respond
I look forward to many hours of listening to that ridiculous song :)
I should spell the band correctly. Polica.
Just had some fried fish with hot sauce! Panama is on point right now!
J Force back in San Francisco Bay Area interviewing for a variety of employment possibilites...Arizona...San Jose...
Looking forward to serving the Port Catholic Fundraiser tomorrow night at Country Inn & Suites in Port Washington. Always a good time!
#ThingsISayWhileReadingMyTL "I want to meet this person"
. Seriously, when did the start competing with for readership?
CEO & downtown
The blame game is real
Nothing cooler then chillin on the curb waiting for my bro Bob to re up checking out hott babes walking around the hood. Pff whatever.
Thanks for the follow!!!
"Stoop kid afraid to leave his stoop"
First gay club exper amazing
i Brought Them Twins Wit Me Maan CLICK & CLACK !
Anytime we have "financial aid" our "dating" in our post title, they get tons of (auto?) tweets. Doesn't drive additional traffic tho
Follow us on Twitter, @ PDXpopalock
Price of 1 Apple share (AAPL) = price of 1 new iPad including sales tax. Decisions, decisions .....
Tell me why I all ways fall for your type I just can't explain this shit at all!!!
I just saw ya on espn
Congrats ! RT Big crowds at dntwn restos & bars last pm are reminder of how much a strong Pacers team brings to
hey dj, will u b going 2 the benefit 4 Rudy 2mrw @ the Priory? www.rudywalker.com/benefit Peace ~ Rock
what time
Thank you! RT
Your Dad belongs innthe HOF NOW!!!
only 5x?? But for serious, have a great show and let's hang soon!! Jay reatard doc at the roxie tomorrow, any interest?
my stomach hurt you should rub it for me
Lambeau for New Years? Consider it done.
“If I had eight hours to chop down a tree, I’d spend six hours sharpening my ax.” A. Lincoln
#NatGas Revolution "Exciting," says commentator "You can have all this money pouring into #WV economy." goo.gl/v2YkD
A bunch of screaming children woke me up from my sleep. You better believe bitches gon' get cut.
good luck bro!! Go Big Blue!! Make us proud. One more win and your off to super bowl!!
I sometimes forget I can fast forward through commercials on my DVR
yeah!! Thank you ;p
Fortenberry: one approach is to put students in authentic, experiential learning situations that require non-textbook thinking.
Shoulder pain seems to actually be a sore deltoid (from what I can tell). Feeling old and feeble sucks.
Got out of bed, used bathroom,walked to my car,phone rang,quick convo,looking for Bluetooth,wait....REALIZED I WAS NAKED LMAO
i love you like alot. l0l
We're glad you enjoyed yourselves! Come back for a visit any time :)
Nothing like working on a #Saturday no one in the office #got to love it
Never expected such a shitty start to 420
here is a word that hasnt been used when discussing "safety net for the unemployed, poor,hungry Americans".EMPLOYMENT!! Not too complicated.
Off to slay the dragons on Set of the upcoming short film"A HEART OF GOLD" Filming my scenes over the next 48 hours. More info shall follow!
just kill me
We offer a variety of themed suites, each offering a different and unique experience. Click on The Rooms for options aladdinhotelmiami.com
Watching Empire Strikes Back with the crew. :)
The greatest danger for most of us is not that our aim is too high and we miss it, but that it is too low and we reach it. ~Michelangelo
:) Thank you! Have a beautiful Sunday!
that moment wen niggas start acting like a female -_-
Spokane this weekend!
Couldnt b there in person,but got 2 see(via internet) MY PASTOR Terry K. Anderson back in the pulpit after fighting a brain tumor.
Fa yall that think yall gettin over on me ur not...im laughin @ u...im still ballin on yall ass with the same shot...
Thanks for sharing your positive view of TransforMED's tools and resources!
my wife enjoys that little perk. I'm a little tall.
Can u please follow Me(: please !
What was she doing? lol
Was it as fun as it looked? Cool.
omg Have fun! And thank you so much (: It's always really nice when people do that and mean it. Some fans go unnoticed (c)
Back already?
cool dude how bout u?
All I need is to reference an item that would be recognizable as desirable but hard/rare to acquire.
: "Poverty highest it's been in 50 years, we must lower it by empowering #entrepreneurs."
so is he luken?
Lmaoo, its all god thoe :D
Man it's to early for basebal
2011 was one of the best years of my life. Looking forward to what's in store for 2012...
thanks my man
We finally made it!!:) Now let's enjoy this SPRING BREAK to the FULLEST !!:D
THIS IS IT! Last day to audition ror MethLab. Talk to Matt McIver-go do it.
Although, point seems to be iBookstore agreements irrelevant---agreement now happens in production rather than distribution
It is always wise to look ahead, but difficult to look farther than you can see. -Winston Churchill
Too much dick riding
it was!!
Preparing for a very big day!
what's touch?!? They stole my Jack!
Ticker tape parade for the Giants. Give yourself extra time to get downtown if you are trying to get the The Statue of Liberty or Ellis...
Great Deal this week! Order LG 2-topping Pizza + Cinnamon Stix & 4-pack Pepsi for $12. Pick up, Dine-in or Delivery Mon-Thur.
you looky like a man!
im up for no reason knowing i have to work tomorrow oO
#OnTheLastDayOfSchool I will not be at school I be in California on the last day!!!! :)
Condi would be awesome in every way, but she is too smart to do it. I would pay to see that VP debate though!
branding is the experience, and advertising is the temptation - Bruce Duckworth
I mean in terms of the time span of the story
Really stoked about rehearsal tonight. Going to be another great Sunday this week
hear ya man. Entertainment is saturated.Having depraved reality TV to compete with. Eventually they're going to televise execution.
summer! great year with great people
That's ok man cause i like the abuse.
I corrected myself!
good meeting a music head!
Our post offices will go unnamed? RT : Is there any reason not to abolish the US Senate?
Metta WORLD-PIECE-OF-CRAP
i just wanna cuddle right now ..
I can't believe it - now I'm following TWO office supplies tweeters. I might need an intervention...
all natural is a beautiful thing ...unless your marrying a whitenguy get the triple H's ;P
yo! Update ur shit every once in a while bra! Follow people to get more followers!!
Yup im crashin here 2nite! Lol feels good to be off work now lets party!
At least they aren't called the Terrible Towels here.
- great talk by Dr. A at the TSFL training session today "let's capture the health of all Americans"
Quit being OCD and go to bed, please! Annoyance.
:) Oh Hey there!! I'm doing Great How about you?
Your arguments have been on point tonight.
Elaine David Hernandez Giarelli XI I am gonna kick your ass! With either my deadly karate or a funnoodle whichevers easiest!
THEN WHO WAS FONE?!
Hey everyone
Rise, Shine, & Grind
Had one great shift in my men's hockey league game. Some NHL players would be proud.
Thanks for the follow!
it looks good, I guess. It will be another superhero movie. That is all :/
I want you too , at Hagen come here .
Hi Leon! I wanted to let you know that I love your work and tell you that your so talented even though you already know that!
If you are not willing to help yourself don't expect someone else to do it for you!You must take responsibility for yourself before others …
you have me addicted to
Thanks I have that Elton John swag.
Thanks for the follow! Congrats on making the list.
I'm on East coast time and I should be tired but I'm in VEGAS!
Forever is a long time.
Two more TV reporter cover letters complete and ready to be sent out.
driving with joanna = an adventure
Wow! Hotter than hell in Orlando. It's gonna be hard to think science when you are staying at a spring break hotel
I shall always remember "big bite" from my teacher.
. Thanks again for the awesome guest post Jeremy... It was awesome running around the show with you!
Well, that's just fine, Ryan. If you hate joy and creativity, it's no pin off my board!
RT : All of the Northwest Digital Archives finding aids are now also in #archivegrid. Yay & many thanks to NWDA contributors!
why wouldnt they sell them. Stadium would have snapped them up...,
because you said if people send you stuff you'd follow them and me and Maddi made that shirt and you only followed her! :(
OH OH LMAO
soulja boy was always trash
man, our funding just went international. 5 bucks from china!
Follow the amazing, sweet, and beautiful girl! ---> !!<3 Love this lil mama! :)
sweet! Sounds funn(:
Why ROI is important. RT : Americans will be cool with gov't shutting down, but there will be rioting if Internet goes out.
Hello #Texas! I have lot sof new jobs opening up within Manpower. It is a busy day here at Corp HQ :
Holding down Precinct 135 in Ward 5 for !!
Can we teach just by asking questions? What if we spend our days just asking questions? Why give answers? Isn't that what google is for?
What GSU places are open over the summer?
ya, I think that's a great gift!! Also, if mom is planning to breast feed a Boppy is great
Pot of gold be please be there! RT The way I see it, if you want the rainbow, you gotta put up with the rain. - Dolly Parton
Let's get productive.
This nigga had me watch Stupid Hoe and I want to commit suicide.
The first name of the front desk asst. at my optometrist's office: See
If anyone could cheer me up, that'd be awesome.
Life is not just about the value you seek. It's about the values you stand for. ~
The HotAir article addresses the changes in the updated EO.
S/O to for trying to help me out. I really appreciate it..! How it all work out.
What is going on with you?
What a great opening! #INSPIRING : Me too. RT : Watching #FMC!
Princess diaries!! OMG.
Coldplay is overrated.
Nothing works unless I do. I love quieting my mind and visualizing what I want, but taking action is fundamental.
12 = 3 (the Holy Trinity) X 4 (the four cardinal directions on Earth)
I know right . Like sit yo ass down . Y'all will all split that 10 dollars child support 5 ways pump your brakes -_- .
“: When is that?” oh, there are 50,000 #cementheads coming starting tomorrow
“: true the night is young lol what do you have in mind!?” you girls are nuts! But let me know:)
It's that time 4 me both eyes closed
one of the cities neighborhoods. you can find 700 different stores.
Born to win
Hey just a heads up...we won't be playing bball this Sunday, should be back on schedule next week though
back to the Pack? That would be awesome!
"RT : Only girls who are full or semi exhibitionists can retweet this one..." Who wears clothes at home? That's so lame lol
Ladies free all night tonight right behind Beamers hottest after hour
a cool? xD
You know we love us Lanier! Haha you should come out for spring awakening.
crud. We rescheduling again?
babygirl, you're allowed the cry! I'm here for you always, stay strong.
MOMENT CAME ON PANDORA IM ABOUT TO CRY
Its NBA hour.
Healthy employees are more productive employees. If you want a healthier workforce, call the Y at (414) 274-0806.
- any author in particular? Where is the heather on the hills? Where are the sheep? And the bagpipes?
I've seen that talk b4. he mainly focus on Self determination theory. He's vry good & has lots research behind what he says
night twitter..
told me yesterday RT “: Weather channel Y U NO tell me it's going to rain today...?”
yo mom will get us on there for sure lol
yeah!!! Putty is close !
Just got done reviewing the launch of the first Lab Xpress franchise. They are slated to open in a couple of weeks! Roll-out is started!!!
Off to my #LeapDay date with at !
I hate al of you
RIP #MCA. Adam Yauch will always be remembered for his fresh rhymes, musical ingenuity & political conscience.
That's nine! New #Dodgers record for Aaron Harang - one away from Tom Seaver's MLB record of 10 straight strikeouts.
my man blessings TGIF baby!!! What u up to today
juicy! Can't wait to learn more :)
Saved by the bell marathon!!! YES
That is what my husband is watching too. LOL ": My Husband is watching Worlds Dumbest I think he lost his mirror!"
"can we take turns blowing on each other?-
In '04 I played a news anchor in the #SnoopDogg film #LARiot Spectacular. Actual footage ran as I filmed my reporting scene.
I'm at school. And I mean me. Not Brain. Lol.
I wish I could lose $2 billion and everyone would be surprised that the government is even "focused" on the fact.
Is it weird that after i sneeze i say "bless me"?
Great point. You can actually send your deal to friends through the App once you upload it. If 2+ ppl buy, your offer doubles
awesome piece on 60 Minutes - love what you're doing for vets.
cancelling Community and 30 Rock ALSO!?!? OH SWEET whats coming now some more singing shows!?! Jesus christ. TERRIBLE DECISION NBC.
RT you can use Windows 7 photo gallery RT : what is a good photoshop program?
omg so adorable
just in case you forgot...vote for the HC #homecoming nominees and Roman Nelson! Do it now!
I tweeted you back what's good
Getting ready for Association for Asian Studies in Toronto next week---wonder what the hash tag will be??
Revis can't be happy RT : Bills announce contract extension with WR Stevie Johnson
Good Morning Farmers...Swing by today & say Hello to your fellow Farm friends.
i dont have my phone anymore, cause yanno. but okay :)
Idgaf if im annoying yall rn lol all i want is a simple answer
On my way to NY for the #RookieDebut and Draft, excited to meet our draft eligible players
sounds good to me!
I need my headphones back! I'm dying today
#WhyDoiAlways remember the things that i want to forget the most
RT " : Not at all. Tarheels are not that funky." << Hilarious!!
Registration is open and instructors are beginning to trickle in as their flights arrive.
The GOP had made it impossible to discuss anything logical. : The GOP has made it basically impossible to discuss foreign policy
Halfway done with my final comp paper.
NNL* stat today re: Pujols going 37 consecutive ABs w/out a HR 28 other times in his career (including 105 last spring) was legit
I think I messed up Tyler & Kayla relationship 💔😖
A free tasting of goodies from Gotta Eat Sweets this Friday the 11th from 6:00-8:00 PM, only @ The Chocolate Library 111 St Marks Place
omg i have a new application on this thing
“: Happy Birthday enjoy:-)”Thank You!!!
RT : Ready, set, go! #BbTLC2012 officially started this morning with more than 310 participants. Have fun colleagues!
I guess I'll just have to get all my bikes encased in titanium from now on.
you see it?
Yup, still quite long, but I think better! :)
If u were to reblog all ur likes on tumblr and u know damn well it will get u in trouble then u aren't a good partner n u can't be trusted.
Going to the Champions area off of FM 1960. Delivering a 30 yard dumpster for a total house clean out. That is some serious summer cleaning!
“If you realized how powerful your thoughts are, you would never think a negative thought.”– Peace Pilgrim
Yes, we have chickens here too. And some of them are on farms.
Check out link to My Visual Tours.......click and view visual property of my listings. Have a great day!
Happy Monday!
11 run *inning* for the Rockies vs the NY Mets! Cargo gets 5 RBIs, club record! Lets go, Cargo!
Hey there - Hope you have a great Sunday!
I did!!! So fun, thank you! No planned trips to Miami yet, but that could change any day :)
Well I'm bored too, it's one of those sleepless nights for me ^_^
can the "feedback tab" be used for other things, i.e. "Help"?
Love it! We're developing individual professional learning goals&suppprts too
yes. Of course.
Same here
wow! Henry VI style
i havent got anything o.O lmao
good morning #detroit!! you're looking especially sexy this morning!!:)
You are instead allowing new life to come into your mind and body to replace the hurt
I will take care of it... thank you for the heads up.
Just linked on. Are you done?
yes sir ready to work you back?
I wanna hold your heart in both hands
What are your thoughts on Jamaal Charles this year?
It's a real world. No glass shoe. No seven dwarfs. But there's always a villain who wants to destroy your life.
it's going to be an fun time! you're in luck tho, i'm recording it and well put it online for people to download ;-D
Operation Sonny cold shower was a success :)
Ok look, im honest Boy I can't lie I miss you, you and the music were the only two things that I commit to.
was intrigued about photo verification that you discussed at SPJ Social Media-- what was best site again??
We're with you! Let us know if there's anything we can do to help!
one of the best songs ever. it's where it's at
I find your skeptical view on ice cream disturbing.. Who are u?
and I need 8 servings a day...
Hello Friday 😘
#Bocce registration ends JULY 7th for Fed Hill and Hampden on baltimorebocce.com
Gypsies watch the house bunny? RT : "the eyes are the nipples of the face". Gypsy wedding pearls of wisdom
#youknowlifeisgreatwhen... when tweets... "Everyone in power deserves to be ridiculed." -
The cat, noticing I'm awake, has activated his attention-getting tactic of "attempt to eat anything on the floor."
your career isn't done Scott!
Yup RT Ah, that last week of the month. When The New York Times becomes our nation's Willfully Mute Paywall of Record.
In other news, I might just have to kidnap the two little kids sitting across from me on the bus.
How you talking about you got swag but you dress like everybody else!?
Keller: I read you own 30000 books. Eco: yes, but in my apartment in Milan I keep only 30000.
Happy #FF to YOU! XO RT : Happy
I'm so lost in math. Like what even is going on
if you DON'T know who Peyton Sanders is. you should DEFINITELY check him out & follow him! #YouWontRegretIt 👉 👈 ❤
I can't wait to graduate with thousands of dollars of debt and a job at Enterprise!
AFTER PARTY @ Blackbird Buvette- Saturday night, following Le Jazz Hot. DJ OM is spinning Jazz Age tunes & fresh cut grooves! 12AM~??
Each of our clients increases traffic and revenue! AND, we likely passed you in Organic Search results ! - P.O.W -
I was -MB
This article is just a brief outline and just a preliminary report
Oh ok yah I'm stupid xP can't blame me x) cuz that's me x) wait o.O i shudnt be happy bout this....this is a bad thing...
Glad you're enjoying that mug!
Just killed a fly with Rat Girl, sorry. V thought it was a book about Wonder Woman though, so there's that.
Potnas change, kno that I wont!
Wait ohmygod this guy on my bus is naming all of Taylor's songs, saying he knows all the words. Fuck yes.
Great! Yourself?
goodnight, sweet dreams<3 mwah. love you(:
Do teachers know enough to be able to report abuse? Maryland HB1256 aims to close that gap and provide education.
your my inspiration babe.
he must not like you. lol
Ctfu damn ppl snitching smh but I know that's right
A5: Without visibility, you won’t be noticed. Career progression comes to an abrasive halt.
you're welcome! :)
Turned on the gas fireplace in what is quickly becoming a vain attempt to keep the heat off.
lol-Must have worked...getting a Macbook Pro on Tuesday loaded with software!..... thanks for pray'n
where's my invite at? Hah
Coming soon... www.oldsKooltees.com ... your new favorite tee's on the web
yes you can hack it, but it still has a feel, and prioritizes a certain type of authorial voice. [-]
Who needs a MBA? The Masie learning conferences are my advanced degree
Lmao! Did y'all read Mike Brown's lips?!
I am so totally going to puke if Valverde so totally has another heart-attack-inducing outing. Let's go, Potato!
reading about the "Master of the Prayer Books of Around 1500." yep, that's the best thing we could come up with.
A OG told me u ain't lived life if u haven't lost anything and gained it back aighhht
was that the best they could get??? AWFULL!!!
Don't you know that once your so skinny your ugly as fuck
A person worthy of respect will be respected and will always show the same in return!
Houston tomorrow with and some other lovely people
Winter is coming! Call Chase of Oklahoma Home Repair to keep the cold air out! (405) 821-2597
More like show howto commit errors RT : Next week Eduardo Nunez will be on #YankeesOnDeck. Is he going to teach us how to field?
