Stay lifted in prayer <3 (By )
Tonights the night boys and girls ! (:
Just Got Off, How You Been ?
that's what the hell I said
oh you're the future of the economy? HERE'S SOME MASSIVE PERSONAL DEBT! YAAAAAAAAAAAY *kills self* and you wonder why we don't buy houses
Trying to justify a cupcake for breakfast right now
We are always looking for potential client NPOs. in the DC to partner with. If you know an org looking for photos or film, pls let us know!
awe cute pic :) any of the #F5P make it out? ..i didn't get a reminder 😒
I'm done with Glee. Thank you.
Get yo mind right
Very interesting mix of people at this show. Young, middle & older ages, hipsters, geeks and suburbanites. Good songwriting unites us all!
. Actually I don't. I mean argue for their interests to be part of a well-functioning state.
I did this - did you? Text "HAITI" to "90999" & donate $10 to the Red Cross to help with relief efforts, charged to your cell phone bill.
cop told school he couldn't do anything. Ja!!! I got him in control, he stayed at school, all ok.
Welcome home :)
DOH! those pesky 2 named cities of rocks and forts!
glad to see you're putting that iPhone to work.
Im tired of these delays!! Ready for finish the CD! Its taking a while but we will be done soon enough!
: Great to see you often on TV these days! | #li ^li
Enjoy! Saw their shows last year at the Pabst. :)
No spicy foods or exercise & need to cultivate Zen-like calm until surgery, to avoid another attack. 1st 2 are entirely doable.
Naw really......Who Gives a Fucc
Home made chicken noodle soup
The awkward moment when you think you're doing really well in Mario Kart and then realize you've been looking at the wrong screen.
Happy MF Day!!!! Glad to See another day & year, 27 yrs down 60 more to go,hopefully more. Happy Birthday to mr
: True :) battery life = digital access.
Great game, IU! Valiant effort. #movebi*
I hate everyone today - c u next tuesdayss
What is the last song your heard on TV and immediately looked up and/or purchased?
Thank you very much, John!
Just took WAY too long to get a cab in a city with 13 million plus
I agree. Did you see the new FB privacy features? I included a link in my other post.
Got tickets for Christmas for 3 different shows!!!!! I'm so excited!!!!!!!!
One down, Two more to go on Thursday. & I'm actually going to have to study, not excited
"Gravy" -Justin Bieber
Panel was great, and fab to meet and in person! Thx again for setting up our success. Glad to hear all are...
I'm delighted to have my former professor from Villanova, John Immerwahr, in town to give a talk @ univ Tulsa on pedagogy and grading.
I agree Lakers in 5. My preseason pick was Thunder to win it all...but man LA is looking good. Bynum is the key to errrthing
It wasn't! We swear!
Thanks for RT...
the only one I watch anymore is The Office anyway :)
we really should! Road trip class of 2012
a hard trait for most young leaders. How do we help them grow I this character trait?
Why are the #MASN #Orioles commercials so freakin loud??
Here fishy fishy fishy!!! Cod, salmon, chowder, and the nicest staff EVER!!!
Just in time for #Summerfest, 94 west is back open to 3 lanes.
Its a good night at the Press Club
Softball: Senior day for Wilsonville vs St Helens at 5 pm honoring 4 'Cats: , Nicole Gearhart, Josie Walter
I will check with McGraw-Hill! But it should be on the way, we send them addresses as soon as we get them. Stay tuned...
Than let's just let the same old faces 2 ruin, rape & plunder. ;) Brilliant !!!
Gif mania on facebook.
Now u kno Wat type job u gotta do to get that rite lol
Our annual Spring Concert is Saturday May 7th!
We are concerned for you. And sending help. ;)
le no u_u
Woo Hoo 60 tickets sold to the game for
Hamilton and some kid and then Sydney h and some other girl?
why yes I am! Ok...next on to do list. I wanted to create a customized template but text links may be my best bet! Thx!
Was there a basketball game on tonight? KU Vs UK? I didnt know that England had a basketball team...
I am feeling really Hostile right now.. Smh -- I hate people that try and use others -- umm um GNite • nap b4 work
Woke up with "my humps" in my head and now thanks to it's "all about the benjamins" nonstop.
My 10 yr old daughter and I started our day at 2 a.m. e.d.t. Nothing like jet lag....
Much appreciated! Fatherhood is THE work, I am learning. Wow! Happy Saturday to you both!
Thanks for sharing. I am looking forward to this. Please keep me posted (and have a great time at the meeting)!
Thanksgiving in august with !
thanks Michael “: congratulations!”
Can you bring me DayQuil. James got me sick! See you tonight
baby boy im jus tryna kick it No Cuffin ;)
Donated blood... Now off to work! Happy st. Patty's day!!!!
Get the brand new Meek Mills "I'm Rollin" got a kick to it.
Listening to Not Your Average American its an amazing song :D Need more followers so follow me and ill follow back
Lt they're so hostile toward each other now..
RT : A friend in the UK just started her biz as a Jewelry Designer I am helping her get votes for her 1st comp....
Thanks Jan ... lots going on here! Bill Clinton this morning ... and much more to come ...
Today has been...interesting, to say the least. Very interesting. I'll be writing a #blog post about it tonight, so keep a lookout. Oh boy!
As sure as the spring will follow the winter, prosperity and economic growth will follow recession. - Bo Bennett
If anyone cries that Hart should've bunted with Greinke on deck, you should be punched in the neck.
tks! Have a great day :)
you go girl! have fun at your first work event for the rec!
I figured that
“Active Listening” Is Not Something I Do Unless I Get Paid For It…
successfully wrote a resume, awww yeah
Honestly, who wouldn't love San Diego?
Upgraded the Warehouse by reaching level 10 in the Criminal career in The Sims 3 for PlayStation®3
What's the deal ? Its 2 for 1 drinks, but only if you ask? I just bought two drinks and paid for both. Is there a secret password?
thnx i was confused.
hm, you seem like a Scientific American reader.
Unlucky for the axford. Need this win!
Add to my bucket list: Get elbowed in the head by a guy named World Peace
Thanks for the shout out! We hope you'll be in the LA-area yourself sometime during our six week run :-)
In need of rest
You call it a short temper. I call it a quick reaction to bs.
basketball court got me done off
Part of me can't believe I just watched a documentary on the showbiz pizza robotic band, but most of me CAN believe it.
Intriguing battle shaping for All Blacks halfback
Bilingual: adjective. Able to speak two languages with the facility of a native speaker #comprendres?
Why why why did I decide that a 6:30 flight "wouldn't be too bad." Because I enjoy suffering apparently
Was thrilled to get L.A. Noire but it crashes before I ever get a chance to play. Merry Christmas not
#revenge is getting so good! The actors told me a few weeks ago it's going to get WAY insane
I am so confused:( ..
Watching Mulan while being sick? I'm always up for a good laugh. #I'llTakeIt
then buy one now!
It's shit. And if you "enjoy" watching it, you're shit by proxy.
thanks cousin!
RT : I've been asked what offense I run that has allowed us to be successful. My answer: Read & React.
Just looked it up, and I'm so glad I did—it's like Roman sacrificial turducken!
Check out www.scoresluda.com for free cover passes and other promotional offers. Come find out what makes us the best club in the Chicago.
#ThatAwkwardMoment when you call ya lover another persons name O_O
People are saying that will forget about us He said that won't happen so why are people freaking out? Do you thing he's lying?
If you sign up to be friends with me you gotta realize what you're getting yourself into.
The Great Spirit is in all things, he is in the air we breathe. - Lone Man (Isna-la-wica) Teton Sioux
Ack! I can't get The Reeling on Manners by out of my head. "i believe in gentle harmony well how i loathe all this obscenity"
We took a stroll down our road to have a peep! ;-) xx
Pow. RT : People that hate people are the people they hate too.
Cigarroa on S Texas medical school: "This is a house built on rock." Sufficient operating funds needed, either UT or local.
Thanks to the Pearl Brewery for having us at the Pearl Studio for our ADDY Judging!!
ur Way to fake
Trying to go to bed but thinking of something else to tweet <<<< -_-
Auditions went well. I should know something by Thursday.
The most annoying thing to me is being talked down too. In my Jamaican voice. Blood clot, I have as much God given since as you do.
I'm jealous
Rick Santorum just got glittered! "Feel the rainbow! No hate in our state!" #glitterati 4/4!
Happy 4th of July weekend to all of our wonderful followers!!
Checking out shows to go in NYC.
Appreciate it! RT :
this is my song
tks nothing better than watching you coach!
Morning Be-Love's! May your day be blessed!
#MostOfTheTime I put a smile on to hide away all the tears ...
the bears and bucs - really? you giving the tickets away?
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA. I JUST PEED "He took me to this really pretty garden in the backyard." WTF xD
#phdadvice Re: grant proposals - get experienced people who've received grants & work in range of disciplines to comment on early drafts.
This story is getting out of hand. I just want to say that officially.
Thank you Karen et al.
Trying out and loving it! Thanks for the invite.
is the soundtrack now lodged in your brain?
good morning
We are almost at 1k followers, awesome!
Going to the pool!
RT Thank you social media for fueling my narcissism and then profiting off of it.
“: Show some puppy love with these..." Please just get naked already. Thanks. Signed, Everyone.
My voice is gone. Son of a bitch.
I need some new followers..follow me and I will follow u
Everyone loves you when you got money
These history journals <<<<
I'm really thinking of voting for Coriolanus Snow this November. Better president than either candidate.
This old grandpa creepin me out
thanks, Paul!
not too bad lol.
yes yelling st the TV to keep his eyes on the road
(Let's just hope they don't drop any tools in that amazing chocolate dessert...though I'd still probably dig in...)
I work as a digital marketing coordinator for Kohler downtown. What about you?
#bed #time #bedtime :P bedtime lol
Email Marketing: Are you sending out emails just for the sake of sending them out or do you offer something of value to your customers?
My account supports Baeza, I don't talk about events that are coming up for him . if you want that info, follow & .
Yesterday's #karate reunion reminded me of the bonds only knuckle push-ups can forge. Major hugs for my old friends!
I guess it's better than the other end:-)
I agree! Much better than Tom Jones' cover of Prince's "KISS"!!!!
awesome! :D thank you!
a treat to see this afternoon at , ADORABLE pop-up tea shop in Silverlake. Spice Station/Sunset Blvd. last days!
Big Trouble in Little China.
Congrats on the GMAT. Which business schools are you considering?
yeah it was...they are still a work in progress
Rock on. Help those social sector barriers come toppling down
We look forward to your blogs from CoreNet. We will be at the Orlando Summit in October.
You will cave. *doesrunningmanoutoftheroom*
#natgas THANKS for the heads up! Hpe you are well! R
I am gonna play a tourney Saturday. Depending on what happens, I'm probably taking a break. The bad beats are getting to me.
How the hell did no one catch that?
RT : Mavs charging $5 for tickets to watch Game 6, $5 for parking & concessions will be open. Proceeds go to Mavs Foundation.
At the Orthodontist waiting for Ethan, watching some lady tear a recipe out of a magazine. Thought those mags were for EVERYONE
If anyone is interested in assisting me, is it copacetic to have them email me off list? (2/2)
#Fellas: dont ask for the kiss.. Steal it
but props to having a new phone tomorrow courtesy (would help if i had an iphone to spell that correctly) of fedex!! hoping for 10am.
MartinezNews thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
"That's so gross! There's not even any meat in it. Put bacon on top." -Midwest Cooking
#hungergames I may have gotten a silver balloon
Awesome. Next step, get girlfriend.
After another knee surgery the leg is finally starting to heal!
"Hi, I'm Robert Pattinson. I enjoy ducking paparazzi, sparkling in the sun, a drink or six on occasion, and long walks on the beach with my—
Toy Story 3 was awesome
Now you're my whole life. Now you're my whole day. I just can't believe the way I feel about you. Like a river meets the sea.
Hoping this Syracuse vs Wisconsin game doesn't put me to sleep before the OSU vs UC game
If only my heart had wings to see you so it would relax then return..
yep. But he's staying as gm.
Tonight! Happy hour! We love food. We love drinks. We especially love Buffalo Blues for having us. Hope to see you tonight.
Happy Anniversary! RT : Classing it up for trivia 2night at because the Bill Paxtons have been a team for 1 yr.
Idk why but I'm so proud I can belch like a man hahaha
Today was awesome ;) but the volleyball game had lots of screaming involved which that gave me a total fucking headache :'(
haha its rank
is so sexy;)
It was so great meeting u! I gotta take your cycling class someday... It'll probably kick my butt.
I just wanted to say that I thought it was really cool how everything fell apart in there.
yOU aRE mY QUEEN :)
looking for cool people in the local nightlife industry to feature in our august nightlife issue ... email me your ideas at
great points/analysis; thanks! Hope the Grant & Co are doing well
To my sista needs you to make sure that the speech doesn't die and become words that wither away.
i was jus kidding haha I not really going she's only(;
Life is a foreign language; all men mispronounce it.
When you can't understand what the asian ladies at the nail salon are saying to you so you just nod. -_-
i knew it was great for international calls-I used to use it to comm w/someone in the UK. But 4 someone in the US....hm
but it's all Gucci 😜
stupid white chick in a movie slipping on water while the monster is chasing her o.0!
ready for August to be here #vacationtime :)
Good night Entourage and True Blood...good morning Sunny in Philly and Kenny Powers. The party keeps going...
yup, VPC and non-VPC groups can't see each other.
Did you know that black rice was identified as a hot trend in 2012 by nearly 1800 chefs surveyed by the National Restaurant Association?
better than being stuck watching basketball while reading Martin Luther, I should have come home. #normal for us :)
just tweet.
Good-Night <33=
you can't do that
Taste of Life tomorrow evening in our ballroom. Tics may still be available: www.hihaf.org. Come on out for a good cause.
For those of you curious, the Schticky will pick up bone fragments.
u ask me that question everyday lol...soon hopefully
#NowSmoking Little Bill from the Family Series watching the Giants roll @ Signature
The harder thing is getting CSS that works with Explorer … bash is easy by comparison.
RT : Watch the Giants game w/ US!! Lagunitas IPA and Pulled Pork Nachos!
I'm thirsty. Going out for ice and water. Maybe a stop at a public restroom.
Work 12 to 4 come visit 😄
You're in the 'hood ! Thanks for sharing the great pic of Wrigley Field. Next time we'll have to treat you to a cosmo at Sidetrack!
It's too many niggas in MKE that act like girls I can't deal man the fuck up
To the queen city, I hope you're ready for a Paulson!
For good reason....isn't it enough that Rush Limbaugh is on Armed Forces Radio? #OtherThanHonorable He should be in the brig.
": From now on, I'm gonna be nice.. :))" Unfollow lol just kidding. Good luck with the "nice" stuff
Unless you're packing bite-sized candies. Or labeling boxes with disney princesses instead of rooms. Cinderella=kitchen.
Chedda-> ": Derrick Rose's new Adidas deal will guarantee him $185 million over 13 years...incentives pushes it over $200M."
"You would not believe your eyes if ten million fireflies lit up the world as I fell asleep." ::owl city::fireflies::
it's coo, and ya I deff could have if I din already do my homework :p, i got a #HEAVYSHOW fa u real soon tho...
I am trying to convince my hubs we should adopt a dog to help with overcrowding. Any advice on how to sway him?
Just saw a promo 4 a show with you on #HGTV and it had you as Kris Kardashian! Does Bruce ever get offended?
done hun xo :)
A press release tells me that Jefferson Starship guitarist Craig Chaquico is "a major force on the contemporary jazz landscape."
knowledge is so incredibly sexy....I've tapped into a new chapter of life, loving it!
Have a Good Night and stay warm......I will be drinking a hot cup of green tea and watch this movie a friend dropped off
Most of you are from NYC. What's the name of your favorite bar and where and why tag
WLF Lawyers is now a member of the Glendale Chamber of Commerce!
that's easy and simple "She's my Mom!" nothing else needs be said #MomsHeart!
she doing gud.....she's at her mother's house until Thursday
you all are so inspiring!!! You would make my day if you followed thanks :)
driving through Mississippi ! Thought of you!
Q: How does Ariana calls the moment when she's replying most of her mentions? The Tweet ______. (Fill the blank space.)♡ (2pts for this one)
Can college come please
Gorgeous weather ahead for the weekend here in San Francisco! What will you be doing to enjoy it?
#happyeaster to my friends and family!
Go Red Heart Match allows you to connect one-on-one with women so you can support each other through your experience with heart disease...
and I have to settle for being at the game in New York in two weeks
Girls want a lot of things from one guy. Ironically, guys want one thing from a lot of girls.
I love Emery's. Great selection & AMAZING service. They resize my kids bikes every spring for free!
I have dodged my last Dutch bike for a while. How can I leave Holland?
woow the things i do for you! your welcome haha cant believe your too lazy to set ur own twitter account up!!!!!(;
I can't wait til fro yo/sephora next Wednesday. I'm trying really hard not to give in a go to fro yo without you.
We'll be recording at 2pm central, so if you have any questions, just tweet us. We'll answer them on-air. ;-)
Likewise! Great to finally meet in person and thanks again for the invitation.
hey! bring yo comp next time you come ova. bizsnatch.
#Follow-->>an awesome woman who can help you put the "relate" into relationships !
#Bridesmaids is the funniest movie ever! :)
I know! But they are getting paint thrown on them, I might yell...yeah that works, see you soon, eta? Bring m+m
Great meeting you today ! Don't hesitate to reach out if you need anything while you're in #Colorado! Best of Luck To You!!
Fact: Not all spring water was created equal. Especially not Wawa spring water.
LOL, good. I didn't mean it the wrong way! I meant you went from place to place today ;-)
“: Gordon Hayward is the youngest man alive” was just thinking this exact thing
You've been dating for a day, you aren't in love, shut up.
thank you for the mention. I hope to make my way to SC this fall! I love it there!
the piece really is great, and I'm always surprised about the ways good soc history is forgotten. Kurt Wolff anyone?
Glad my dad has $200,000 worth of tools or I'd never get anything done! I never have the right tools.
"Relax" - Frankie We could all learn something from Frankie.
What do slurs and Mondays have in common? Nobody likes them unless something special happens
no, and probably never will
im sorry, but if someone you know dies they are not in heaven wtf
when do you have a workshop for Encino/Tarzana/Woodland Hills?
good luck on your first day. Hope ya don't get in a fight
We are heading to Westwood near UCLA to do some sampling! Come meet us!
MAYBE IF I TWEET IN ALL CAPS I'LL GET NOTICED ? *HOPEFUL,^_^*
ayayyayayayayayaay now I can nap before work!
and no seat belt...
I sit above the visiting bullpen. You can say 'hi' to your pitchers
It was awful to see Josh go off the field on that stretcher....
We love each other.
If I birthed a child and it resembled Anthony Davis, I'd throw it off a mountain
you're just kind of an expert on everything?
me too. about to slap mine back on after a wet rainy ride in to go home in a nice cross wind. WHEE!
derby county! (:
Cant wait till Sat.. Brad Paisley concert :)
What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us
That moment when you dont know what to do or who to talk to.
Did you get iced?!
M83 tickets for confirmed. Can't wait. Nice work
you know it
:) I am trying to catch up on the last several days... took a lil digi-diet...ready to jump back in! BOOM!
So awesome! Are you a new State Officer or finishing up?
Symphony Crack new EP in the works....get ready people!
omw to pick up my babies =) then practice
Holy,Holy~!
Working is such work
That awkward moment when everyone around you is in a relationship and your just sitting there like "I love my dog"
and on tonight... I might actually watch
#MLBRoundtrip w/: 's tweeting from 30,000 ft, so & I'll do the talking: 11pET
thank you guys :')
#soulpancake family+work+smiles+office+twatter
Haven't even opened a browser tab in two days. Never thought I'd meet a guy who'd make me cheat on the internet.
Yes, we are famous paparazzi.
Thanks for the retweet! They are so good!
well come fuck wit us... simple as that
focused on the game
Via StarTrib: "[Protesters] held babies and others umbrellas to protect them from the burning summer sun." I'm an umbrella guy myself.
everyone coming to the Game gets a KFOX / SHARKS pom pom! Because nobody's too tough to be a cheerleader!
#FF If I had the half of driving force it would be enough, follow and check his website
Patents on things like HDMI are not conducive to small scale innovation.
Thank you!
My Facebook's Down, Good Thing I Have Twitter :P
hey I'm following you now ok , I'm waiting on you to follow me babe
thanks for digging the posters. love the work you do.
can please watch this and get it to Austin! Thanks mama mahone(;
I like seeing random really beautiful boys :D
'It's not a job. It's a pleasure." cc:
Lmfao we're inapropriate but he likes it :P
#mattdamon #contagion looks creepy but also looks like it's going rock!
The Foo Fighters have been fighting the "Foo" for about 17 years. I don't think they even know what "Foo" is.
I'm watching Looney Tunes... Gotta love Bugs Bunny.
Tourist on 17th NW: black shorts, white T-shirt, black tasseled loafers, orange-and-green camouflauge cap.
Santa, coma patient, my usual dates...
Wearing my Zetterberg jersey and lo and behold he scores!!!!
I do believe meeting over beers is in order?
Nothing kicks off Pride like a coupla tequila shots at El Zarape. Well, maybe other things do, too, but the tequila was good enough for me.
It's lazy Sunday. I have too much work to get done next week, so I am watching TV and being a lazy today.
War & Pace #bookswithalettermissing - Story about the grueling aspects of marathon running.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
The amazing stupidity the internet induces will never cease to amaze me. But hey, what would a violent criminal like myself know.
Do they sell anything else that's a food product, basically?
At some youth group band lock-in. I don't remember why I wanted to go.
Someone commented on my adorable desktop background today! Thanks
Me and Ani need some mommy and me time!
It's a Goldfinger and MXPX day
Everyone keeps asking me if I have extensions in my hair.. This makes me happy
Finishing a 3-week stint on the wards and feel not a day over 97.
Life became instantly lonelier without
Phone dry ...someone Hmu
Focus on education reforms uplifting C's not A's or B's. edu reforms focus on uplifting C's and F's to A's or B's. Will take time.
When my boyfriend falls asleep right in the middle of a conversation << #really??
Naw the owner closed it. Too much bad press.
Upload in t minus
If you want something, go for it!
heard you got suspended, so I came to defend your honor.
When does it stop being partly cloudy and start being partly sunny?
Be sure not to miss YOGA tonight @ 7pm with Josh Plesinger followed by Spinning at 8pm with Melissa Reid from Fox 8 news.......
holy hail!
Damn, another PDX company sold. Mobspot bagel fave Kettleman sold to Noahs, hope they don't start cooking to Noahs crap recipe
Work flow... 12-6 AGAIN I REALLY hope its slow enough for me to get off early , better yet . RAIN dammit !
it had to have been all of those kitty crunches
Just laid my head down for a much needed nap and the neighbor started playing guitar...with amps.
I would say the East is clearer - Heat should take it. Out West the Spurs are killing it and the Lakers could keep it going
3 dead, 1 injured in head-on crash in Wash. County
what?! First time??!! That's my stay-at-home-sick movie, nothing heals like the sound of Lina lamont's voice.
coronado springs :D haha I've never been there!
Happy Birthday, ! This time tomorrow, we'll be partying too hard!
homerun on this AM! Time to go to work!
i am
Please call me ASAP :)
Thanks you! Set Your Goals is one of our favorite bands.
Thank you so much for having us over! Delicious!!
21-year-old entrepreneur says "Twitter is about consumption." Does it make me old to think it's about interaction?
glad #oomf still subtweets me after all this time ..... lol
tell that barber I wanna see.him lol
Those poor guys 😔
Did I hear the #Portal 2 Ending Theme in one of your show endings? =D
saw a push button phone on Mad Men tonight. While available in 63, they were very rare until the 70s.
Oops, we gave the wrong date... Our Open House is September 23
Swearing was invented as a compromise between running away and fighting.'
You are jealous. I just ordered a bison burger from - yum! :)
Too bad sometimes you are seriously not a kind of friend that i always wanted , end up you are betraying us .
Listening to a year-end music countdown show I did on FM Yokohama in 1989. Probably haven't heard it in 10 or 15 years. 懐かしい！
come to my house and layout! :)
LOL, just don't drop your camera!
I think Yohan Blake would have beaten Bolt by a stride of two going head to head. He went into Beast mode after 50m.
can you ask more questions about technical services, libguide usage, digital library building, OA, and metadata next week?
Why are guys so creepy?
2 way love affair.
. It is obvious that Charlie Angus was following the wrong Twitterers. The people I follow always make my day more interesting.
Thanks for the follow, hope to see you at Girl Power Hour!
Learning everything I can about Apple products and the impact of abortion on the Women's Civil Rights Movement. Unrelated reasons, of course
i got a for christmas! :)
#iplspring what are the limits of aesthetic functionality? features wouldnt be protected if some consumers simply preferred their look
You can drag and drop the order of photos in a gallery. No needing to create abc order filenames.
PLEASE COME TO PHILLY?!?
You might want to check with Kat. She might have it....
Never go to bed angry .Stay awake and plot your revenge...
I'm shocked that it took this long. We've never noticed that everyone on these shows is white.
To all the Washington Caps fans, I sympathize. Sincerely.
I'm wearing a long blonde wig right now so my friend can brush it... the things I do for girls. -.- xD
Oh fuck me-Cosmo is coming out with Cosmo for Guys? The world doesn't have enough guy blogs as it is? Gents does this remotely interest you?
agree that Martin gets lost. Allen does as well. But, for a team that needs S help, where to go? Not a great safety class.
Watching Lilyhammer on Netflix. Good stuff so far.
good! Looking forward to lunch.
thankful witness to a very energetic and productive #ICSC #RECon!
So i have no idea if I'm actually dont with Book 1. So need to tell someone where i'm at and you tell me if i'm done
Dying my older brothers hair... Again :/
what would you want printed on your sheets? Go crazy, I want to know.
Yep! Ping to get your winnings!
Other options that must be tested are the actual game modes
At the movies it's a beautiful day outside go do something!!!
nope clay owns that. Perry will get 53
Follow Me Please #100 :D
Halo 4, Assassin’s Creed 3 Pegged As The Most Anticipated Games For PS3, Xbox 360: Top 5 Other Action Packed Games To ...
I'm eight! This is this oldest I have been in my entire life! ~ 8yr old son
Can't wait to hear everyone talk about Wiz for a week...
i read that as pregnant at first.
Yehawww RT “: Who's running tomorrow? Good Luck all and pack #mix1 in your vans!!”
That awkward moment when you wake up in the middle of the night and that hallway is suddenly the most terrifying thing in the world.
Buckle-Down is now available at Pet Food Express in the SF Bay area. Go check it out!
Starting of flu season.. and unfortunately, I am one of the people getting sick.. :-(
is professing the joys of doing heavy typesetting in Microsoft Word. Under her breath.
#edcocp Yes, networks from multiple sources can be integrated. But UserIDs may not match across systems - entity resolution problem
sometimes clean-out-the-fridge dinners are the best ones!
Tonight welcomes Kreayshawn as she performs her song "Gucci Gucci"
Maybe Louis Farrakhan is actually just some brilliant avant garde performance artist instead of a fount of anti-wisdom (sic).
Content curation seems to be key to saving time
Amazing discussion w/ comm members at the #womentogether #hb56 Women's HR delegation in AL - keep fighting for human rights for all!
its super secret right now but you'll be the first to know:)
Wordpress.com is free and easy to use. A great blog for students to gain experience with.
no problem
feeling like crap!?
9/17/2010 Google and Facebook to Decline in Importance, Experts Say Technorati
Dammit, that was supposed to be a text to
make it really weird and dream about Chaucer's dream visions
The primary question the video raises for me is, Why is Katehi still employed by UCD?
"If I follow you you should feel special" actually I feel like coming to your house and murdering your family because of that bio.
Today was brutal but I made it through. Can't wait to show my mother how much I appreciate her on this special day.
I only go to work on days that don't end in a 'y'. ~ Robert Paul
Hey buddy... RT : Is there somebody dressed as Captain America behind Halak?!
you are a mean ass
I'm manned up. I'm just speaking my mind.
Is it better to have loved and lost...or to never have experienced Picnik in the first place?
Thanks brother. RT Happy Mothers Day Sis
It seems we have a VERY active baby.
Delta are usually okay but sometimes they are horrible at customer service. Some Staff need to be trained in professionalism.
Happy Saturday to all my tweeps #Indy!
Thx 4 the love !! Vibin ur tunes - might come c u play at next Thur 4/26 !! The is GREAT resource !!
CLUB PLAY TOMORROW!!!!
Nice try fooling me but it didn't work because it is April Fools
- doesn't - doesn't know you... me flunk English? That's unpossible!
Our pleasure :) Let us know what you think by writing them a review!
Kirsten, we are following back. Enjoy the summer, it is heating up!
RT": Move bitch, get out da way!"<--'get the fuk bak, guard ur grill...there's sumthin wrong we cant stay still!'
yea punk face you don't call me no more or text me what's good baby girl
Thrilled to learn that some people in authority realize the importance of homeless people getting ID. Very gratifying. Love to all.
plugging your iphone in for an hour and it's basically fully charged >>>
Republicans are calling their small business friends and asked them to stop hiring.
Thanks for all you do!
Do you believe in love at first sight or should I walk by again ?
We are thrilled to have you!
omg I used to love the movie Shrek when I was little. :)
Thanks for the invitation! Most fun + adventure this dissertator has seen in a long while.
Thx gorgeous 😉 “: yes so you know its REAL ;) you get it done girl!! Love it.”
Girls, please use protection this month. U dont wanna be walking around 9 month preggers with a baby about to bust during the Apocalypse.
we couldn't agree more! Love liege waffles!! ;-)
How deep is your Love girl can i fall in it???
come save me omg, I'm at club royale right now. It's terrifying.
On the bus
The world in yo hands
Thank you for my awesome #yoga kit I won for signing up for a trial of GaiamTV! perfect for
Today's Indy Boot Camps Classes are 100% dedicated to Dan Wheldon! What a hell of a Man, Father, Husband and Race Car Driver!!!!!!
Mitt's HUBRIS to name W's top advisers, architects of the worst Foreign Policy & Economic failures in our history. Freakin amazin.
Watching, Dr. No, the very first bond film.
Summer reminds me of my childhood; when ice-cream was my beer.
If Twilight fans are Twi-Hards, Harry Potter fans are Potter heads, what does that make Hunger Games fans ? HUNGARIANS ?
Very productive today. Good work TOPFLIGHT
they're fine lol. Pull me some numbers haha
I am fascinated by the plan and subsequent execution by Sam and the team
Love it RT : First Lady Michelle Obama does burpees, jacks, squats, mountain climbers w/ & on tonight's BL
And you, Sean! « #MayTheFourthBeWithYou»
is making me hear a whole Steve Miller Band song. I hate my life.
tje scream movies are so bad omg
Mammoth 4 / Rochester 4 at the end of the first quarter.
getting my day started looking forward to another weekend lol have a good day!
Night ♥` can't wait for tommorrrrow ;o
Hello Twitter World!
had a few #Fireballs myself tonight.
Cheater! RT Hey north siders watch out for a blue Shelby mustang!! State cop!!!
School of Rock kids downstairs rocking a passable Knights of Cydonia.
Man do I love hockey playoffs
At my boi my dawg Anton Bulter funeral im crying on da inside but my pride wont let it show AB u will be missed bro
What you think of yourself is much more important than what others think of you.
Here we go EE Westlake! : was remodeled while I was on vacation. It looks great! Looking forward to the future!
Any chance #litmine is being recorded?
"take the time to thank people who tweet/blog/write about you" - Danielle Brigida #dcswa prof dev day
Thinking about babygirl. Wondering what she's up to today.
tell you what, some of that Olaf Blanke stuff would be worth a million views on YouTube - good stuff again up
Nice day N da A
Happy St. Patrick's Day! My band Georgia 61 will be playing the Spring Green music festival in Lawrenceville tonight!
what's good bro
i wish he will!:/
My new goal for this week is to learn how to properly use Twitter.
Miss joining! I'll try 2 join next week RT : thanks 4 joining everyone! Would love to have u all back next week
Deer WTF I hate how they know when I'm not looking then sneak up and jump out in front of my car... Jeezz not a good week :(
Hey Salma! Not much going on here! How have you been?
indeed man!!!! Awesome!!!! When u wanna record bro!'
tryna help a brother out?
Along with Marie Antoinette, I'm distant relatives w/ Copernicus, Princess Alice, Prince Philip, & Luke the Evangelist. Thanks !
RT : RT : love your energy #SCIP2012 analytic fitness, do you have it?
haha y not!
please check DMs!
True *sigh RT Reputation precedes Roger always, but that was stupid, senseless and pointless.
My stepdad said he was going to order my Moms mothers day gift for me. & This asshole didn't! So now I have to fucking seach for one!
Morning Jog
I love when decides to "quit" smoking, and I get a free pack of cigarettes. For free.
how is espn comparable to pinterest???
hahaha, oh yes ;D & I hear he's already with another girl. o.o
The idea of sarnecki keeping me out later than I'd like. Is blowing my mind.
hey oscar its me mary aka iamsporty657, please follow me back. =)
- Jeppa Joes will be at Marquette today - 15th & Wells. Come for the best sandwiches you've ever had!
Internet Marketing Guide And Tips | Marketing With It
psht, fuck if i remember where i was...
WHAT IT SAYS: "Do not touch." WHAT I READ: "Touch when nobody is looking."
S/O to my mommy she heard some bad news this morning Lord knows she's a strong woman I never wanna see her cry
"She's a silver lining lone ranger riding through an open space."
Congratulations Wofford Terriers for making the big dance!
A whole shopping cart full of aluminum cans for one hour, but he is very good . )
Thanks! Had a great time presenting this morning.
I think you probably could have. Hope this helps.
Thanks for the RT. I'm glad to hear you enjoyed my latest post. I hope all is well with you, Kevin.
PC, there is no such thing as a Pharmaceuticologist
haha thanks for calling me a bitch, really nice of you.
Stay up to the minute: Pekela Riley is on twitter...
this seems promising: distributing film as an app.
Walking down Hollywood Blvd. with 2 hotties wearing "My Own Fingerprint" shirts = great day!
nice meeting you tonight my dude. Let's make it pop after the new year.
i was in canada today!!! we went on this boat tour that took us into canadian waters
Aw but look at his great spelling!
#Scandal is an amazing TV show. I love Kerry Washington. She's brilliant.
has buy 1 get 1 free appetizers all day plus NY strip steak and crab legs for $14.95.
Good morning Twitters..have a blessed day!!!`
Just ate the best salad at brios!
LOVE that song too! A very special one. Thank you for the tweet!
utter nonsense Ron.
What is indigent defense?
never looked better for Boston this season # Celtic nation
Cum on Rock!!
Now getting up early doesn't really seem so bad
Spending time with my favorite Mom's
Hanging with the B-N-B this Saturday... :D
I have a funny feeling the are gonna leave tonight with a hard earned road victory. Go
We're holding a pep rally for supporters Saturday at 11:30 am at Shiloh Baptist Church (1500 9th St NW)! Join us! Go Blue Team!
It ain't hard girl. Just use yo head.<---No puchline.
RETWEET If you adore
!!! RT : Love_Reign if you don't do nothing else
we are live in san francisco join us now www.iBand.me
what are you waiting for? We hope to see you soon!
Please let today be a good day! 🙏
what's good j...
Pics or it didn't happen. I wanna see chocolate mouse.
Does anyone know where i can get one of those purses with the long strap? i cant find them anywhere!
I did... What do you guys, er uh they... use super glue?
Yay! I saw your (and his) check-in at SeaTac this morning. :) Brunch tomorrow?
Any time u except loosing u can never win..... By kdub the infamous
I have alot of respect for The NY state senator we need this powerful brother in the Peace video
I'll just bring money
Definition of ROGUE as an intransitive verb: To weed out inferior, diseased, or non-typical individuals from a crop plant or a field!
Just won the Hot 44! I'm such a box.
2011 is almost over! What have been your favorite albums of the year, so far?
well i love it so!!!
RT : : #IdeasChat starts at 11am CST! Today's topic #Health & #Wellness Use #IdeasChat to join!
Just finished making a million cookies looking ahead to my daughter's "Tea Party" birthday party - my house smells ridiculously fabulous.
The Brewers play the Mariners in Seattle today with a scheduled start time of 3:30 PM CT.
I need a new job...
lol! Thanks dawg! RT : damn you official like a whistle now partna
1st meeting of ARCHE Sustainability Committee today. Look for collaboration around green purchasing, info sharing, student research, more.
Way to go Duke! We had partial power, now we have none! U can't even fix crap right! #DukeEnergy sucks!
Because they enjoy our pain. Bad CW, bad.
Sent you an email. Looking forward to hearing back from you.
WELP THAT WAS AN EXPERiENCE!
That's why i've begun to listen to her album 19. I don't listen to the radio anyway.
probably only if Sherrod's recovery is taking too long?
well if you loose all your hair you'll be looking like & is going to have a lesbian crush on you!
this isnt me. i'm not supposed to get this upset ever. now my hand's swollen from taking out aggression on the wall
u love turtle
Tonight one advances to next level & wins $1,000. Place your final tweets on who☞☞☞☞ 4 Terri /4 Carla or
Not cooking a holiday meal at my house means there is nothing but chocolate on the 26th
so who else is bored?
give tixs money to bergs.
#whathurtsthemost knowing and/or will never love you cause they love each other
Yes! “: Good luck to all of clients as the #NFLDraft is here!”
it's surreal for all of us.....pujols ab will be worse for cards fans
what's down??
"I'm surrounded by idiots" - Scar from the Lion King
Leathered up. Let's ride.
Happy Birthday
since you can't come to graduation I'm having a lil get together Friday
good question. was critical?
Maybe that is what your surprise is this weekend ;-)
you're
Dreamt I won video game tourney w/ my team, and we were going on stage to accept award, but there was a huge crowd we couldn't get thru...
Great seeing you last night lady! Wasn't #ThinkLikeAMan great? I might have to give them $9.50 more lol
H-Town represented well in SA, both are Teams went 3-0
Suicide-epidemic in New Mexico. Tonight- 7PM: "To Save A Life" FREE screening: Eastern Hills Baptist Church, near Morris & Candelaria.
hey ... are you a fan of Daughtry?
You need to get to a computer and put ur profile picture up on here!!!
I know. Mine is like a Black power manifesto haha
Hahaha got get right get it right get it tight lol your so silly :))RT : Yes Gymnast body!
Chipotle line on Sundays.
Hey Gerald! Hope all is well, man!! Take care -Landon
who will be the goalie? Nick? Or ur goalie
No Braves, Phillies, Red Sox, or Yankees in the postseason. So what's the point of having a postseason?
: Happy Mothers Day to all you beautiful mothers out there. Without out you guys we wouldn't be here.....seriously... htt ...
is telling a great story of playing with #REM on #SNL of having a moment with
its a follow party! everyone is invited!
Resolve to legalize the most harmless, versatile and health-giving plant in 2012!
RT : Love to dance? There's no question that dancing is great for your body but it's an effective way to relieve stress...
so experiences of aura are certainly real, but they are not about objects in themselves. It takes two to feel authenticity?
oh my god i do that too! ^_^
Thanks for the RTs about our Koreatown Tour this Sat!
Just noticed you haven't return followed, so we can't DM. :/
"Life is change. Growth is optional. Choose wisely." William Somerset Maugham
#MyMomWouldBeatMyAssIf she found out bout my old boyfriends.....I never told her
6 second rule, fold doesn't matter, eye tracking does now!!!
That woman obviously didnt look at the stats.
“: get the word out to your #PLN: we are collecting fav poetic lines and assoc images
#OccupyOurFoodSupply on #F27 : CREATE healthy food systems. RESIST corporate takeover of our food supply. via
we are on the air groove theory on lowerlevelradio.com
That was just weird. All of it. Of course, it all breaks down into Monty Python references at the end, so it makes sense...
We're like fire and gasoline. I'm no good for you. You're no good for me.
Happy National High 5 Day! Make someones day by giving them a high 5 to show you appreciate all they do.
Lol, yeah. That's what I said.
my boyfriend <3
#Phillies bats coming alive in the 3rd inning. Yeah Boyeeeeee!
Holiday pod preordered. Bring on those holiday games, walt!
That moment when all your food is gone and you wonder where it all went :/
I love to be connected with you!
Ajfkdhdlsh the boyz performance is next week :))))
whoa. Breathe shallowly.
For 3 years I've been telling this company that if they have any scala work to let me know. Latest email: "Have you ever heard of scala?"
Whitney Houston is dead! So sad!
Warm weather hair=go!
When Bad Romance comes on the radio THERE WILL BE an all out Jam session.
Checking out ! Super excited for the opening!
Have you considered giving Jerry Sloan a 10 day coaching contract to help you this round?
darn it...thanks for checking!
I met the black hats in june of 94. They actually stop using the towers 250ft tower when I cam in. too many were getting hurt.
John Quincy Adams He who has never learned to obeycannot be a good commander
How come you never hear "You messed with the wrong Zebra today buddy"
No problemo! Any time.
Are people still using the word "avatar"? What about "users" vs "participants" vs ....?
ur dad truly a guy i respected does he make a suggestion to u if hes stoked about a prospect
I Missy guys 
Looking for a Technical Art Director interested in an awesome opportunity in
What'd I tell you Oriole fans, did I not say we'd be winners this year? Suck it.
#FF our good friend A San Diego based barter and exchange service.
Storming through the party like my name was el niño
it'll be hard to photoshop you in, without having ever seen your photo. but i'll see what i can do.
you know that 16 year old girl ? yeaah, she's uhmm, like how do I put her or that performance into words?
Thanks...Gotta keep on the move! Your first 70.3?
#ThingsThatYouShouldKnow Child GPS Trackers can be a peace of mind for you and your family. Know were you children are at all times.
Right after I finish writing next week's crossword!
Happy birthday Toby should be trending. Worldwide.
Gone ..... Tripping and a half I'm on a trip and a half
sorry tommy for spamming c:
what you talking bout LA is in the east coast #lmfao 😂😭
“: I haven't heard of you in forever, espero que todo este bien guapaa” haha it's been a while, but we'll talk soon (:
#ff for all the hottest animal gossip!
Just seeing your tweet now. I love wholesome middle grade, and I know lots of kids who do, too!
it was great hanging with you tonight at #UNITED_HS You are anointed to lead. Blessings on you and your wife!
Happiness is external, Joy is a state of mind
fly to Florida and come to Disney with me!
i know how you feel I hate when i do that love ur music please follow
Still looking for something to do tonight? Come paint with us!
One day it will worse than before and you will have no one to thank but yourself
thanks for the chuckles!
Not working till late tomorrow but just got out of work today & have to get up early tomorrow... Hopefully a good day though.
Q6a: There must be education. Motorists are taught roads are for the cars!
yo yo SBK can still suck during the holidays, fair is fair. U SUCK, Orlando turn it off..
oh, lol. Like to put them in a frame & put them on your wall. like with a poster.
Well, how do you know we're not drunk on Guinness over here in America? Oh wait, I'm in a meeting.
yes they r!😍
I'm not sure yet I'm trying to get a ride from someone after
MAHOMIES! At 5:30pm EST, help the #OhioMahomies out & tweet "Ohio wants Mahone"! We really want to see it! (:
the strip club Haha
Good morning everyone.
GOING TO KINGS ISLAND TOMORROW, HELL TO THE YEAH
her name is Carly. And she is only a few years old :)
U guys better take the "guy that used to coach at the school in the Big10" to task tom. about not speaking abut UK #BBN awaits
Need another visit to Boston so I can see live
The FREE Comedy Intro with Jackie Geary will be held at 10545 Burbank Blvd # 105 North Hollywood, CA 91601 this Thursday at 7pm. Want in?
God Morning World!!!!
RT: 99% OF THE MAGIC IN BRITAIN IS BEING USED BY 1% OF THE POPULATION
Wish I could have been at USC for that! Thanks for tweeting.
#Leo must be inspired by their work otherwise they'll procrastinate until it's due. Stroke their ego & they will deliver their absolute best
Found a dress that I want for this wedding in a few weeks. Probably going to get it and Mary has a $10 coupon I can use.
Kentucky.... Where snow on the grass gets kids out of school early.
thanks to everyone for their support!
oops fail for sending it to myself xD. U have to turn it around somehow since it took an upside down pic of it xD
I wonder If you say that to everybody else.
What a long crazy fun weekend! Snap back to reality...
Haven't been on twitter in a while. Mainly cuz I been out living my life
Confirmed - its sold out...
as Walt would say...we don't need moral victories.....not good enough to just catch up....
Tim Tebow to the Jets!! "What the what!?"
It's a great day to go running where we are! If you plan on taking a jog or running today retweet!
RT : "There are as many realities as there are minds contemplating them." Russell
thanks for the comment on my Great Leadership post!
hey well thanks a lot for telling me cuz I really appreciate that. But for some reason it keeps saying that the page is denied..
Corporations that run the media! Damn Straight! Set standards, you ROCK our next
“It's in your moments of decision that your destiny is shaped.” Anthony Robbins
I saw...I liked it anyway :)
Argh! Wordpress is failing me when I only have six more minutes left to reply to comments this morning! *shakes fist*
I totally agree!!!!
RT : I feel like the art scene in Milwaukee is gaining incredible momentum, and it's really inspiring to be a part of it!
gracias! :-) I noticed they changed the pic, she's the one in the poofy red dress :-)
doesn't the strong mayor system impede the will of the people's? Example medical cannabis?
"I gotta look up a picture of Franz Ferdinand. I might be a spitting image!"
happy friday..
It seems like it became iPLF
I think most important thing is just to keep at it. Questions > Answers in life
so tired...but that was an awesome game! :) the energy there was fun! congrats # Caps !!
finally FINALLY, went thru all my facebook requests!!! whew!!
...welp there goes Phoenix sleeping through the night! Holy Daywalt creepiness...
I'm in love with a Latina spinner that looks like Snooki , same size too
Who are you to judge what you don't understand?
i am really sad right now :'(
Red Mango then going to sit on my grandmas bench on the boardwalk before work 👼❤😊
S/0 to slay and papp ..I'm waiting on another bangga from y'all. Bless true niggaz in Texas with dat real hip hop
Happy New Year Twitter friends!
#LAriots The South Central Los Angeles riot/rebellion began twenty years ago today
Men speaking about the right age to stop breastfeeding need to be quiet. This is not something they can know about in this way.
My head is like on a thousand I'm going back 2 sleep
I have no idea where the hell that came from, but Klout thinks I'm influential in unicorns.
retweet this post if you like watching the
Me and the hubby just found our new date night spot. Hello Vallarta's!
Contemplating a #cq5 webapp with no db, just some tags, some stored content and a lot of querybuilder.
retweet if you love ;D (follow us, we auto follow everyone back)
Has anyone seen a gen ed that takls of using digital tools for connection rather than just research or expression?
Calling artists we want you and your skill. Year 2033 following 2 young assassin recruits in the HLM. Character and background development!
Is there a REAL reason Twitter can’t handle more than 140 characters? Or are we just hamsters in a wheel?
Could not live without mine. Is yours powered?
NBA Playoffs
SD journos already aware Romney's in town? I'm out w/a friend who sat near Mitt & co. while watching Hunger Games in Del Mar today.
I wish I wasn't at work rn
Marco Beach Ocean Resort Receives “Best Hotel and Lodging Website” Honor by Web Advertising Assoc.
Special Effects Collection (Adobe After Effects)
lookin for young talented producers? i know a few extremely young and extremely talented ones.
I hate being put on hold
RT I've heard the saying, "Live like you were dying." You are so are you? *love it!*
My life should be a reality show
Thanks to #a4aChallenge sponsor Electronics & Pres. Mary Peavey for joining us at the #BreakfastofChamps!
No, more like 5:00 shadow
Alex better not win! Hes way too flamboyant! Damian or Samual!
ahah. no way am i gonna be able to finish it today. D: but whatevers. it'll still be a video full of hotness. <33
Happy Easter! He is risen!
I'm living so far beyond my income that we may almost be said to be living apart. cummings, e e
Peyton isn't dumb enough to come to that train wreck.
hit on many Aussies for me, please
The unmistakable beauty of Tigerwood - Unfinished 3/4" x 5" in-stock.
#letsmove I know, right? Such a great video! And thanks for the support!
If i was there, I would help catapult you through your window.
looking fwd to it RT : Tune in on 5/28 at 9/8c for the premiere of HISTORY’s first scripted miniseries, #Hatfields &
I don't think it does any harm to the artist to be lonely as an artist.
Man, I don't feel well... But all I need is a half decent breakfast and I'll be back at it, dirty and reckless.
my baby > goodnight :* <3
WE LOVE HEM:-)
concurred. it can be very discouraging at times & i hate to portray the negative aspects i've experienced to date : /
Running the iPhone Twitter app. Finally.
w/ talks with about what said on #GayMarriage & what the #WhiteHouse thinks.
Which games are goin on now #marchmadness?
So hey who wants to start an Afghanistan withdrawal today? RT to show your support.
tomorrow i'm hoping to meet hank moody.
David Ortiz flails like one of the fat pandas I have roaming the reserve. In other news: Camden Yards serving panda fat fries on club level.
yea Lucas is a beast!
my bad different dmanster.
i feel like one could make a good geocoder by compiling public data (parcel maps, OSM, TIGER, etc)
If you find yourself watching Qubo, it is a clear sign that your night has taken a nasty left turn.
Bone Marrow Drive this Saturday 1pm - 4pm. Come make a difference.
HI I WANT A BOYFRIEND.
thanks for the add
RIP Joe Pa
i can see right through your fake wall.
Their graphic is horrible and they don't sale Benz
You know they're trying to be funny when they start with . . . See what had happened was .
ewwwww lol gross. I looked so nappy. I miss you too:( tonzz
#On Your Grind. You Say Not Really Um 2 Steps ahead of You:/
#IamAStanBecause we all fall down like toy soldiers
Right! But periodically check in and let us know how you're doing.
Good job Jules!
congrats Ali! RT : Excited to be part of the Fitterati team! Thanks so much for voting, everyone!...
If her words spoke any more they'd have to package them in volume form.
Game tomorrow against Scottsburg, hopefully it doesn't rain.
Only someone arrogant enough to trademark his own effing name on twitter would try something like that.
What a beautiful day it's been in #ABQ. Hope everyone got out and enjoyed it.
our problems is girls !? Well there's a million of them ! My grandma jsted died my mom makes me do everything posibble ! My real dad doe ...
My draw something... Well it's burgerkingofthebeach
it's a great day to be at #Fenway! Enjoy :)
what did I miss? What is a frosty!
Had a pretty good band practice today
Want Android App!
Did you get my text? I will be there around 3 if that's okay :)
What is a mom but the sunshine of our days and the north star of our nights. ~Robert Brault
Yeah because she's gonna tell you what's wrong on the spot in front of people ? Think! Lol
N. Sanon shares OIC Broward success stories about job programs, teen pregnancy prevention program and more on
just got on and read this tweet im willing to talk to anyone and everyone cuz im friendly and dont bite ... or do i ;D
female partner canceled on me. Not ideal.
Amen brutha Creed ": You can have a bond with your teammates & not like the same things. But you should hate the same things."
i wanna know more about the job! #Congrats!!!
Best of luck! RT : Big thanks to for publishing our scholarship. Heavily appreciated!
congratulations! I love having my children in the same school as me :)
I love working there cause its soo chill lol
yes, I will.
I may fly off the train platform today. Whoa powerful wind!
I miss him :\
Just think of me as the pages in your diary 🎵
So you're the reason I had to eat my Starbucks oatmeal with a fork the other day. Well played, sir ... well played.
Just left video shoot. S/o to Video Sick. Move wit us or Move ova
.. we will be looking for suggestions ... :)
but "bad manners" to be specif
when #thursdays are #fridays ;)
How tall are you now? Youre taller then me now:))))) i was taller then you in september when i met you at rj (;
Listen to the world premiere of 2 Chainz and Drake 's first collabo, "No Lie." Produced by Mike Will. Look out for Based
Most tooth loss in people over age 35 is from Periodontal Disease.
your family is a bunch of idiots. Tell them I said so. Don't they see how jazzed you are about the thrill of the chase?
Final Q: wear sunscreen
Good morning DC! Every day is a holiday if you love what you do. New followers & friends? Welcome! Stay engaged here -
Yep! We are having a show at Area 702 Skatepark on March 10th and another one in the making. :)
6 out of 10 consumers feel social media marketing is invasive! I bet they don't feel the same way about PRINT!
Hahahah WHAT ARE YOU DOING!
Try a 5-to-10 second isometric hold at the peak contraction point of each exercise rep. It will leave you feeling like dy-no-mite!
#Elvis...happy birthday to The King
omg. Hell no. That shit was ridiculous. Yes, no accidents. Aghhh
most amazing CLOUD services ever...Silver Lining Cloud Services
thanks so much for the follow! If you or a client needs a new mattress or furniture please let us know!
I going on a date with ! <Shawn>
How is everyone today! I just made myself a actual WEBSITE for my work! Check it out! www.outofdabluecreator.com
YOU SHOULD BE THERE
Hhhhmmmm, what are you doing later? Hahahaha
is your phone broken young lady?
10 mile walk at school today! My feet hurt :)
Please welcome to our production team!
Gotta watch what I'm tweeting now cuz its forwarding to my FB...
Magneto may have the top #mutantability of all
Can't get used to the FETUS profile picture.... a bit too much exposure, dontchyathink?
I'd be a lot warmer and a lot happier with a bellyful of mead...
MT Correction: CLAY Deadline is 11:59 pm [NOT 12:59 pm] Dec. 1. So get your nominees in before midnight Dec. 2.
Stay tuned here all day for announcements and previews & maybe even some photos from the space as it comes together today...27 hours to go!
Wishing all my facebook friends a HAPPY, HEALTHY, New Year, full of PEACE and PROSPERITY!!
go to sleep... or text me =)
LOL! No I am on my way to Turkey to buy 3 new fully automatic Oriental Rug Cleaning Machines for my business.
Excited for Austream! :D
you should do a pic of you in New York Yankee gear
#605campus "we're service providers-not gatekeepers or any other metaphor that makes librarians sound like we're keeping knowledge from ppl"
M yeah. Safe travels!
"Curator" as adjective. As in, "You are so curator right now." Love it.
Just queued up 50 / 50, starring Seth Rogen and Joseph Gordon Levitt. I want to have a threesome with this movie.
#NP- Let's Go - Calvin Harris <3
don't wanna study for my physics test
Come on Wales
You're so tremendously kind about it
Follow back me,is Sexy related to The Office
GOOD NIGHT REBODY BYE
Isn't that one of those "If you can remember the 70s, you weren't there" conundrums?
One in ten families in New Mexico, from birth through adulthood, needs the help that Alta Mira provides.
2/2 RDA coincides with idea to change focus from record to statement, and that will kill central control of data ...
best way to be. :)
Caps tie it up!!! Just under 12 to play
Radio host to : "I hope you can get through the day today without people spitting at you."
This a good game!
the Best part about having a twitter is tweeting the best wwe superstar ever
I GET BACK THE DAY BATMAN GETS OUT
that would have been one of my suggestions. One of our absolute favorites. And it's on Netflix. Yea!
I am not sure a high % of C-level business executives think of learning (formal or informal) for business performance lift
Well, there's Tom Friedman (no relation).
Eff this, i'm going to get my iced coffee and Kirsten Dunst on.
hahaha #ceelogreen "everyone's the same color with the lights off"
him or haley either one, I hate shurmur calling plays so much he fucking sucks!! But spurano wouldn't be bad.
I hate when shit like that happens.
No point in arguing with someone who never thinks they're wrong.. Hm.
Drugs are in every walk of life - doctors, lawyers, preachers, the guy who works for IBM, teenagers on the street, teenagers in school.
the world provided me wth iron monkey bar. I'm using it to build bridge across the small pool
Out on a morning jog! Thank you Jesus for this lovely weather.
Is 30 inch hair to long for a 5ft 4 little me...hm
140 characters isn't enough to explain why and how much i love <3
I Know Who Killed Me it was "Austin Mahone" Him being so hot killed me.
eric and i will be at gala...but we know you'll hold it down at yours.
Needed to make sure they got another cone out there for em all to hit... RT : had to be a phantom yellow.
I'm glad i made it thru these past 2month with erthing I needed 2 accomplish with the motivation from my son,his mother +family
a lot can happen in 2 years
I have to pee but I hate the bathrooms at my school
hilarious. and no I haven't finished it, halfway through.
I saw it! In the first elevator lobby scene with the soldiers, coming in from the left to snatch a soldier.
You can't stop people from adding you to their circles, but you can block them after the fact so they don't see your stuff.
wish I can join you :D
For all those coming in to #Louisville for events, please note: the big orange hand @ the crosswalks = No Walking!!
Hope that smile was for me!
'Bodybuilding is growing as a sport' - Sowetan
#RealFriendsDont Tell You What You Want To Hear, They Tell You What You Need To Hear.
Ugghhh my legs wanna give out on me
Is it "hi, thanks for inviting me to the party" or is it the chili singing "Paradise City" so loud you can't hear anything else"?
Chapter V it is no doubt can't wait to be in his arms again
‘The Masses Against the Moos’
"she's getting a zero for a practice regents i she doesn't show" -Braid
So what's gonna be a good day to come through?
I miss you :( let's have lunch tomorrow ! Me you and
#CanIBeHonestWithYou I need you more than you think
& I like this one (:
Afraid to be misunderstood, to be accused of saying what they didn't mean, because they might be criticized for it
Re: that last re-tweet, "Stop Obsessing Over Stats, Specs, and Upgrades" is helpful advice for any kind of purchase, not just gadgets.
Come enjoy #4SqDayCincy! 6-9pm Free Appetizer Buffet, No Cover, , and Happy Hour Prices
Stargazing: Smith staying at 'Downton Abbey'; Brangelina engaged; tats right - Bellingham Herald
being truthful will lead u to so many things in life...
I enjoyd giving advice anything else? Direct message or tweet me
Catching someone who acts like your friend, talking shit behind your back is the greatest thing in the world.
Hey Thanks a million for the RT
at least you're original at rudely correcting ppl just seems like a
"The other day, this is gonna sound bad, but I was like, looking at my poop."-a girl at the bar.
Yep. Would have been funny if all of the sudden you just see a flash from slipping and the camera is pointed at the sky. :)
Do a piece on Allen Craig over the next couple of weeks, sir.
I know.
nah I'm moving to Wisconsin
sounds good
So my bestie just got fired from his job.......this day sucks
Jamming, windows down on 15th and State- where is ?!
If you on the nawf it go down at club tranz.
Ground balls... Slow rollers... Bouncing balls... Fly balls... Can't hit cutoff men... He is 2 for the season w/risp... God he sucks!
I plan on putting down at least 400 bucks on Sarah Jessica Parker winning the Kentucky Derby.... Guaranteed money!!!
At the car dealership, omg so boringg.
#vsa2011 we're quick to jump to the satisfaction of visitors, but what about staff? Great question Posed in Picturing Success
At this particular time I'd like 2 wisha Merry Date of Birth to the future one man Hughes Brother/Scorsese of the next generation !
Great seeing you. Thanks so much for the retweet.
Calculating yardage for draperies, will need well over 65 yds of extra wide fabric for pinch pleats. What do I do? *DYING*
Haha wow that was the worst punt return ever lmao!!!!!
Thanks, SCVB, for hosting the #2DaysInSeattle launch party at the Renaissance. Great turnout from Seattle's hospitality community.
Arraignment today for Michael Robles, accused of strangling his ex-girlfriend and dumping her body in a remote area. 1:30 Dept. 14, Vista.
Marriott downtown all decked out to welcome #Giants! Arriving shortly!
You know it!
Today's townhall meeting will be at The Elbow Room on Pershing! Complentary Rotisserie chickens & quarts of beer for my supporters!
I think the problem we're having here is how to measure "success" in drafting. Your standards seem much higher than mine.
ya. i know. i know people who are so perfect and i don't understand how they can be that way.. :l
#WeWontWorkIf you use my dog as a mop -.-
how are you so attractive, my gosh.
I don't make typos, i make new words.. la duh .
Flying saucer for some beers.
Good! If you vote for him, you have not given up completely. Glad to hear it. I understand the frustration--I feel it too.
Great event
hell yea lol
20 years ago this month I started my first job as a librarian. Happy careeriversary to me.
Got to go see Isabella (: Congrats Taylor & Jordan(:
>: in such an environment, does an all-things-to-all-people "portal" product make sense, or a stable of focused brands?
I don't think you have a choice
Chilling with the bestie!
uses twitter during class.
us too
#clover machine is cool but I don't like how they only brew pike and force you to pay extra for bold now! :( it's the principle
At our #Ward1 town hall meeting, Vince is talking about the long-term value of the District's investments in pre-k.
Thanks! I asked for a trivia win next week for my bday, so we better do it. Also yes, INSANELY beautiful day! Love it.
Watching "The Vow" with my mom. I knew sooner or later she'd con me into watching this
. Keeping your tweets private is an important step to protecting yourself & your privacy online. People actually read this stuff!
lml and she was dead twanging lol
AND I WILL ALWAYS LOOVVE YOU I WILL ALWAYS LOVE YOU I WILL ALWAYSS Love YOU
When I think back to Elementary school I always begin to think about how my old friends don't even speak to me now.
Great first meeting of the semester!
Is there such a thing as lesson planning software?
I'm sorry ... I dont you to ever represent my country for the rest of your life smh. Lost alot of respect today
Eating pizza
If allergies were a person I'd knock it the eff out!
Lol i know
With and other Heroes at Starbucks for another fundraiser mtg!
I'm a blogger, interning for my mom right now at - I'm in training + starting my own clothing company in 2012.
She was an embarrassment; particularly her "Orwellian stuff" comment. How is giving someone Ensure torture?
#twitter please fix your iPhone app. this is getting annoying.
But but, it's fun to bait anonymous trolls on the intrawebs when they go all snarky on the comments!
I am going back for my bday lol
lose one gain two how u think I gotchu
Otis: I decided to hop out the back of our Element earlier and I scratched up my chin! Mom says I need to be more careful!
pinhead is hangin at the moose
Just heard from Sean Carton at idfive about building a communications ecosystem using all kinds of platforms and media. Great presentation.
is out and about on the Twitterverse tonight!
bring on OT
Such a sick show! Thanks to everyone who came out! Sick locals, so much fun and MURDERDEATHKILL killed it.
Why does SportsCenter only show Colt McCoy's best highlights? He sucks, show his shitty plays!
aww st. patty's day. but you seem very strong willed, I'm sure you'll be great. <3
#ThoughtsDuringSchool this lunch is nasty!!!!!
Do you know any good app developers?
perpetual SES divide following every "advance" in last 50 yrs
Imma talk a b#t;& outta her Vickie's
If I fight Him he will take me to court like he did bobby after he beat his ass there is no reason to han
lights just came back on in Talbott. Finally!
Hash House a Go-Go...totally not what the name implies. False advertising. Bo.
Winding down at Thrive, launching independent firm - all things planning-grants-metrics. Website coming. Email
Jerry springer aint even fun to watch no more ugh
Looking for some soup on this brisk Friday afternoon? Look no further than the B for some scrumptious Maryland Crab Soup!
My pleasure! MT dear friend and most talented and respected photographer ever! Thank you for being there!
BTW 2nd to last message to you was a joke.. me go to bed now. I am on MounTANG time.
#depressingsitcoms Fresh Prince of Balls
My gumbo!!!
Well it is almost 11:47 p.m. And I am good and buzzed. Good night 40th birthday. Thanks to all who helped me celebrate.
Glad you enjoyed the mussels. We love your dumplings and noodles!
Hello 80% humidity!
THANKS MOM!!!!
Judgemental- Judge/mental: Always know where someone's mind is. Don't be foolish, awareness is everything.
I'm no where near u
Damned hotel didn't have FuelTV so I had to go hit a bar to watch beat up let's go Jorge!!!
Should I see "Think Like A Man" or "Hunger Games"?? Help me out here...??
Thank you for the RT!
If you believe in God, you believe he created Gays. So shouldn't every person that He created have equal rights.
Titanic- the movie was bigger than the ship.
Huge #Knicks win!
