prison an alternative housing system
Nice storify collection - do you have a storify page? I will subscribe to you
#seriously “: Honestly I'm tryna date a tattoo artist. What's good?”
Glad to hear it; that is easy to do. ;^)
Why is it so easy to eat things that are bad for you but so hard to eat thins that are good for you?
“: If design gets a seat at a table, can I bring content as my plus one? #idea10”
So many fun tweets going out from our vendors with sneak peeks. We are so pumped for this weekend!
ah good nap!
Besides I know er body in there!
Lord I need you now
Is it just me or is Leslie Bibb way bigger than Elijah Wood?!
My buddy fell in the river once and got stuck up to his knees in whatever the bottom is made of.
Is that a collie?
#Quote Every calling is great when greatly pursued. Oliver Wendell Holmes Album Available A.N.D.
I bet the invisible children co-founder is glad that Duke and Missouri lost so that everyone tweets about them instead!
Same here!
If only she knew.. ha.
Alrighty haha. I'm so mad. I JUST bought the Skyscraper bracelet & then the Stay Strong 1 is NOW in stock >.<
what u mean???
I dnt like rainy days, buttill, not even that can stop us jiji ;)
DM me your Roku serial number and I'll get you the update
Last nights show was so much fun! Thanks to those of you that came out! Heading to to do some recording tomorrow
“: I love !” Yeah everyone is so motivating, inspiring, fun-love it :).
Checking out a local band they are good and want me to fill the Bass spot Im really thinking aboutthe drummer is really good...
Hey Ladies.. Its Payday, time to call that Nigga you been avoiding all Month to ask for some Money!
you know the Mockers? They're friends from my music days.
*Have food delivered to your door and watch a movie
Women know that there's an art to using the port-o-potty.
See you on Saturday!
He will not always accuse, nor will he harbor his anger forever; Psalm 103:9
how are the kiddos
Marvin Gaye - Got to Give It Up ♪♪
.i think i look good tonight :] im about to head to another spot <33333
Like a dream... But I don't wanna wake up!
it was great! We were esp impressed with the sommelier!
• Must be due to climate change
The President has just left D.C. headed to Milwaukee.
God, you are faithful. Thanks for all you do. I trust you. :-)
& this is why I don't like getting to attached to people.
#Athletic #recruiting and the #college process: sponsoring this luncheon.
"Live your life. Live your life. Live your life." Thank you Maurice Sendak for the memories & adventures
#top100lies walls are ugly.
Filming Mensa spoof tonight at Collins College.
Bummer! Spotted Cow on tap is pretty amazing
Going watch my wife play volleyball at Razzles in Olmsted Falls tonight @ 6pm. Anyone want to get a drink with me?
Well have fun anyway!
Progressions salon where you not only get a new look, but you also get a new OUTLOOK. Good hair = Good mood. Please visit us soon. :-)
i had the worst / most fucked up dream
we are moving from our RiverPoint branch over to Audubon Court this Friday ♫ first day of classes at Audubon will be Saturday!
Happy Birthday! Now you're one day closer to dying :D
Walked through Wash Sq park this afternoon. Realized it'd been awhile since I'd been there. Great memories of this place, though I felt old!
and that you were spared from oblivion. :)
hey lady I briefly saw your text the other day and then my phone broke. I don't have your number, text me again!!
And that's why your still in school.
I'm opening all week at the KC IMPROV!
"A small study group of friends." "Otherwise known as an orgy."
Classic Caesar sauce hits the spot!
feel free to get in touch with us at -
Come on down tonight to the Alchemy Cafe, Madison, WI. Live, sweaty, Afro-pop w/ Kikeh Mato starts at 10pm -- Free!
Ha, my lonely department :)
Ebenezer is a stir monkey!
Who tryna bet?
had an amazing Sporting day today! cool lunch with two top dogs with the team, and booked my bus tixs, for chicago!!!
8 year old son takes off soccer shin guard...notices hair on leg, looks at it and says "wow...sweat makes the hair grow. It's manly juice!"
YES and now i'm in love <333
wow! How much does she bench?
I keep surprising myself.
Please show a little early #FF #FollowFriday love for:
Found the Waterline trail dry almost to top, 1 wet patch over falls--irises not emerged yet on High Trail, April 4 sure.
OK, thanks for the info. I was trying to get to it but couldn't.
Pedro what does this mean?
It is a good thing there is a favorite city at the end, because this is awful early on a Monday.
you're awesome I'm coming to visit your gym this summer!! did you see my thing about victoria day?
Within the next 5 months, you will be contacted to be a team member of the Chicago 2011 political reshaping movement. Be Here
how u been
lol omg I'm done with you nick ..maybe I won't make an attempt to see you tomorrow night
Things start out as hopes and end up as habits. Lillian Hellman
given that the refs were bailing Purdue out on offense and letting them grab and hold all game long...no, they can't.
it's coming! I helped NPR connect natively to Ford SYNC (so does Pandora) - voice control as well as dials. Watch this space ;-)
mom hates affection.
Loving your positive energy. Have a great day.
Suspected car thief perched on roof of house on Malcolm Avenue in #Westwood. SWAT team has arrived. Follow for updates.
just got to my cousins house!
I'm super excited to make a pinhole camera!
it was a Christmas gift from my sister in law for him. I bet you could look on Amazon. Sorry I'm not more helpful!
I'm having an incredibly terrible week
Is it going to rain again?
Co-sign on that.
still in New York after 2 months and my family didn't think I was going to last:-). No place of residenc
A quiet Saturday working is like the best ambient music, savoring the silence where the music of the ringing phone might otherwise be.
Just heard "Hold On" by and definitely a great song!!!! :D
Indeed - especially while you're eating it. Still, glad to know to stay away in the future!
Rewatched Eight Men Out- lots of great Main Street shots. Is it fate or irony that led them to shoot it in Cincy??
looking forward to the announcement, or I guess that's the wrong way to look at it...at least by knowing maybe we can react!
naaa its cool shipmate
Good weekend for mountains RT : I need a serious distraction this weekend. Who's got some good ideas?
Grave Distractions Publications will be closed today and will reopen next Tues. Happy Holidays everyone!
Would the real slim shady please stand up? Lol
Guess it's time to...read a book?
RT It is not what we get. But who we become, what we contribute... that gives meaning to our lives. ~Tony Robbins
I don't care who wins the Celtics-Lakers game, but with the score tied at 12, I am hoping a team goes on a 9-0 run for 21-12
LMS IF U THINK SWISHER HOLIXX B SNAPPIN ON HIS MUSIC ...
I want this watch but i bet its not gone fit my wrist.
I gotta find some fun today
you cray! I love you, Kaylie, you need to freaking get to bed early. - _ - ❤
TY Neen :-) I'm looking forward to next fall semester
is it just me or should creepy old half senile men not be commenting on whether or not a young woman's tan is nice.
check your gmail inbox.
How many second chances do you need #Badgers???? Finish this!
what would the world do without them??
Hey we are a punk band out of San Jose, Ca. Make us famous!
"Freedom.. Free DOOM."
even jail broken it has a hard time picking them up. It must be cause it's old
Finalizing music for todays #AVbyte shoot in Riverside Park! It's going to be chilly!
Just back from filming the final touches to a presentation video in Montreal. 15hr stints abroad are exciting but the edit suite is calling!
you're going too?! awesome!!
Yeah Yeah! We b clubbin LOL
Up early in preparation for bachelor party. Going to be a great day!
I'm half recruiter, half social media talent project and branding/web project leader. A lot of great stuff going on.
ah, but i'm a closet drag queen. i get to bathe in butter.
Hey Diana. How are ya doing this fine day? Did you catch Inside Edition last wknd? The old pics of the Robertson's rocked!!!
I think he looks like a monkey in a big wig. Or Hagrid.
No easy lay-ups!
LOVE it!
missing traveling. looking at brazil, croatia, southern india and oh yeah australia. want to go?
I Graduate Tomorrow! Im So Happy. (;
lol you should be! ;)
We are so excited to be a vendor show on March 27th! Come see us there!
sup t
HES FUCKING WEARING A BRUINS HAT!
Good Night soft dreams
Weekend forecast: sunshine, heat, & football! Enjoy Labor Day fellow Goose Hollowers!
it isn't the library's fault. The publishers are afraid they will lose money, arguing that hard copy books wear out after 40 uses.
Moments is amazing <3
Really don't like the '___ has indicated you are Friend on LinkedIn' Really? If we are Friends, how come I haven't heard of you?
We did good 
Is yours an integrated contact mgmt solution, or strictly a social media info tool?
Brilliant producing in HL. I cannot wait to see your producing show again.
mentos: the fresh-maker!
When you get somethin for someone they always say "Aww you shouldn't have" and you can tell they want it hahah
Hello everyone welcome to my distribution business page, please show love and share, repost and like away! Thankful for my blessings! :)
Released EP #andtheredballoon. Self-produced, labor of love <3
Winston-Salem Shuffle All Stars to be here on Saturday night. Come out and hear the best of the best. 7pm; $5
Thank you!
Happy Easter!
I am goldfish.
Ass kissing is not my thing
“: Turn on MSNBC RIGHT NOW to watch (and possibly me) talk about Lawrence v Ann Coulter.”/that WAS you!!
Happy happy Birthday Annie!! xo
I will leave you alone now but I shall return at some point and you will love me forever
i know its so hard isnit it? especially if ur not tweetadder that things a joke, automated system to do twitter for u its crap
bed time
its a new age katy. For people of all sizes to stand triumphant.
Revenge on the patriots !
yo headed to the park now. Let's try to grab a beer.
I get bored really easy:}
you are just amazing I can't wait for #BOYFRIENDvideo and #BELIEVE and #BELIEVETour! This is going to be a great year! <333333
Faulty-tasking: When multi-tasking goes awry. :)
we'll be at #NEMA12 too, stop by the Esri booth.
every1 has a twitter now?
Everyone plz spread the #cgbb word! Appreciate the support
I listen to music!!:)
Apparently I'm the only nigga that sips cough syrup because I actually have a cold. ..smh
Comm professionals should be the most skeptical about the value of the content they're sending internally
Oh scribe. Didn't your primary school teacher tell you to make your y and thorn differently? You are KILLING me right now.
lol sorta do remind me of a flight attendant its the jacket ^_^
Chapter 2012 Page 57 of 366 DIY is so overrated! Hiring the help you need...priceless!
Keep hating hoes stay on my grind cause i dnt have time...#COPYNPASTE THIS ASS!!
Thanks for the RT!
I really wish we could sue the person who is responsible for a person's PTSD
Oh... you don't know? Follow the link it's good for business and contacts
Keep Going! Now is not the time to turn back. Look a little Higher-Its There and You cannot miss it. Its Your Story-Its Your Life Go-Pursue!
That Broncos QB selection reeks of B.O. to me.
Our Super Secret Screening tonight is the documentary, "Comic-Con Four: A Fan's Hope" by Morgan Spurlock!
Don't wanna read this book waaahhhhhh
chillin. its been a min. how u been?
r y'all back together? Jk
some people live for those video games
Apologies to all who are on my email list, I seem to have been hacked. Please ignore the spam.
Getting ready to revamp my blog...
I love you do you love me? My friends say you do but there all high I just hope it's true<3
Seems I'm now Mayor of Kulturez on foursquare. No idea what significance that has but yeah I guess it's kinda dope. =P <3
That's what I'm afraid of. If people stop flying for the adventure, even for a short time, GA will have a real problem.
Health is also important : air quality: clean buses: and their are so many answers
so true!!! You're observant. There is also the "I have a job so I can afford to see it twice" crowd.
RT if you know !!
Frank Robinson statue unveiled at Camden Yards today..Hank Aaron was there
Sent my dad the opening trak for my record and he was like "son, I love it but i'm confused, it sounds like real music." Maybe a bad sign "/
Q1 Eggnog with spiced rum and cinnamon!
he cute moment when your boyfriend walks you to your front door and hug's you then kisses you ♥ today was the best(:
loved your "If I were a middle class white guy writing about being a poor black kid"...absolutely dead on....
game not ready for leaderboard yet, missing pars or players (wq4m8)
Join the club. Shorten your runs for awhile. RT looked up my knee pain on webmd, I think I have tendinitis after running so much
haha, my mom just bitched at me for burning the rice.
Aw now i cant stop smiling lol. if u ever meet him give him a hug.honestly him and austin give the best(:
IT DOESN'T MATTER WHAT YOU SAY, YOU NEVER MATTERED ANYWAY.
I love you!
at the dentist :(
Y'all better catch up!!! Not with me...with Technology!
Wow I am getting old. Nirvana's Nevermind came out 20 years ago!
We get down crazy
I agree. We're headed in the right direction no doubt!
Well that was embarrassing
That's how I am with Houston, TX. Yikes! And that's from someone who lives in NJ - not exactly a state with a great rep
What's good at home? The same hoes is still at it, I shoulda known.
im tierd i love everyoine sorry i wasnt talkin but im at the libary and people keep staring at me but i love ya all <3 te amo
Tweet #BostonOnTheRun the best gym in Boston. Go!!
Is John L Smith hiring so shocking? Was a 3-yr assistant w/ plenty of head coaching experience? Plus, FWIW its "interim" cc:
Morning Thanks for following our twinning tweets. Keep us posted on your trek preparation!
You seriously have no idea how happy I get just to see you smile. Even if I'm not the reason why.
Funny how everyone wants to have my baking, but so few people seem to want to share in return! ;-)
bonus track SoD: Canon in D-Pachelbel
Beyond ready for a surfing trip..
hey bitch you better watch your fucking mouth I dont know who your slutty ass is and I dont want to know
RT : Digital Book World is going on today and tomorrow. You can follow along with the #DBW hashtag.
had 2 genius flights last night. Tasty - but not a fan of Reel Ales. They seemed flat. Everything else delivered.
Even with as badly as I want to be Martha, I've come to the sad realization that the extent of my craftiness is plugging something in.
I need a good username with my name in it(: any ideas?
Chestnuts roasting! Vendors hosting! Shops-a-toastin! The festivities start at 5pm Dec. 9th on Fremont for the Festival of Lights.
And you, O Bethlehem in the land of Judah, are not least among the ruling cities of Judah, for a ruler will come from you who will be the
Off wrk.. There are some days I actually like being there nd others I don't. This happens to be one of the days I liked being there. :)
Thank you! Glad you like it. RT zomg the new site is AMAZEBALLS. The fulltext books _great_ for anthropologists. Bravo!
Be bless Laz Alonso, remember you can do all things through CHRIST who strengthen you
Im excited for this venture!! Lets go!!! | “: you know it!!! We about to take offl”
All of you have brought your beauty to the front of the line. Never give up your place in line.
not at all.
Lord, please give me patience, because if you give me strength I think I may beat someone to death.
Where do you #donate and why there?
Weird. Started tweeting about books, got followed by a bunch of spam-bots with profile pictures of blonde chicks making out. Oh internet.
I want a relationship where we quote Romeo and Juliet
Damn right! Talk alone accomplishes NOTHING! You can't change things by asking the wrongdoers to mend their ways!
that's prob one the coldest comments I've ever received 
#IAmAMahomieBecause he is just downright amazing and he will never forget about his mahomies no matter what <3
Awww it's Dwayne Wayne/Christopher Robin's bday! Phone call time.
Match your hat, drawers, belt, shoes, shirt, watch, chain and socks exactly.
it's your last week of college, can't wait for next week, and the next three months together.
My child,u must tell all those who have encouraged souls everywhere 2recite my Holy Rosary every Friday up to Easter,that I am most pleased.
:O lmao i downloaded it!!
So glad you think so! The one today was great info, but i'd like more directly re: the comm. engagement! DM me your email?
Narrow the focus of a business and expand the client base. I thought NO, but learned YES, YES, YES.
Join us tomorrow at 5pm as both and minister at Life Enrichment Mins 1791 La Dawn Lane Atlanta, GA 30318
Thank you , great news! Hope you'll follow CA's AB12 implementation; helps 18-21yo #foster youth transition to adulthood.
oh dear, when are we going to Bhutan?
Wackass Lakers hahahahhahahaha would be goin crazy right now just like the rest of u LA fans
seeing RT people i know/follow, so happy for them :')
#SportingStyleMerchideas Chance Myers wigs
What do u mean "what" I didn't say anything
“Dream no small dreams for they have no power to move the hearts of men.” Goethe
Now I want to go!
Chris Sale looked great today! Adam Dunn looks hitterish, Santiago has a screwball, Sox @ 500 and don't have Ozzie Guillen to worry about
My mom () is much more active on Twitter than I am... :)
Bright cold silver moon Tonight alone in my room
Holy crap. That would be swell.
Lynn Yarmis: "Tailor your approach to the data set that comes in."
why are you stuck on the couch? <3
I figured it out. Thanks tho!
I just love my gospel music, listening to the Mississippi Mass Choir, it was worth it all. Be bless Queens and Kings!
is that you, Jim Taylor?
Seriously why are u up this early looking for old ass pics
When you live in Miami, where do you go on vacation to chill and relax?
O.G. Mudbone
Females kill me with that "my hubby" shit especially the ones I see in the streets doing rachet shit
Today wasn't our day, but we accomplished a lot in a "rebuilding year".
+ it undermines America's future.
RT : Please join me in welcoming to the Waggener Edstrom team. cc:
bouta smoke and watch spongebob.. that always makes me feel better lol
#Ipad3 in March ♥
You are most welcome. Thank you for the follow as well!
Bartender knows the history of the negroni Know how hard that is to find?
You're quite welcome.
aww ... memories. I miss The Lodge. And you!
thanks tony! Hope all is well.
my dude. What's good bro
Cant wait for a dance party tonight.
It's official! As we previously reported, Raven Symone will be taking over the central role in Sister Act The Musical starting March 27th!
I bet Toni Morrison is having a pretty underwhelming birthday
I understand we have Sold Out, if you are interested please call and put your name on the waiting list we did call a few people last time!
#GoodQuestion - might have a marketing professor who could speak to pinterest, copyright issues...
Now, #Pinterest is everywhere. How to get measurable results with Pinterest? [#marketingtips]
the best daughter in the world! I love you forever sunshine girl! XXOO
Thanks. Time to focus 100% on acting #OoRah!
#DesireThursdays- I am so grateful my daughter got into the school of her dreams!!
At some point, you have to say that you've made so many bookmarks, you've basically just bookmarked The Web.
said where you been lol
HERE COMES BRODUS CLAY! TIME TO GET FUNKY!!
Met up w/rowing team tonight. Looking forward to an amazing season.
Nail polish tastes awful
Random but I met your dad the other day. He moved in right by me!
So bored tweet meeeez!
Good Morning everyone! Did you have your coffee or energy this morning?
I will just wait for it on netflix. But thanks for making my day!
We'd love it RT : would love to have you on board with #HoodDay2012 in New Orleans
Being inspired by the gospel music the Cincinnati Symphony Orchestra is recreating featuring music by Pastor Marvin Winans.
Site is down, we'll get it back up as soon as possible, in the meantime, head on over to campusfood.com to order from us
Looking forward to our ad in next month, but how do you explain 450 cocktails in a 2"X2" space?
#HappyMothersDay to all the single moms being a mom and dad. Salute you.
Matt!! Hello, friend! How are you not here every day?
Awesome. Thanks!
Will try not to Tweet while driving
This is tweet number 666.
There is a lot of talk about Twitter but many marketers don't realize that Twitter is a worthwhile marketing tool for their business
..and this is crazy...
this is fantastic. My wife will ask me to get something from her purse. I can't. Too much stuff.
The sky isn't always blue. The sun doesn't always shine. So it's okay to fall apart sometimes, but always remember to get up again.
show them how we do Ling-Ling
what's disgusting? union busting !
go brewers!
The sky looks like a sepia photograph right now, so pretty!
u still wanna run the ball?
If you think your wife takes forever to get ready it's nothing like a Stripper putting on a G-string!
Happy day.
The auto-tuned Good Morning America commercial running on Hulu is really freaking me out.
Too expensive and challenging for me.
baby hater
": ur welcome love. see you tonight ;)" ** thanks, I cant wait to see you either :-) .**
2012 pricing just released today! Now is the time to book your Disney vacation for next year. Best selection of all hotels available.
Better knock on wood. RT : It still looks like the US will have sub-8% unemployment on Election Day.
whats wrong boo:/
fer real.... Like as if dudes want me to give em bjs
prototype MADBULL Airsoft Revolutionary Tracer Silencer Tube Prototype-1 ;P
Microsoft sucks and can keep their stupid software! You can use the iWork applications in the place of Office at half price!
just take it day by day
what's new Mike? What new tunes/artists have you been spinning these days?
Tell me about it ! It came so many times . -.-
my boyfriend smells great
you boys have fun;))
will do. Thanks.
Senate majority leader dean skelos: one of most significant criminal justice measure in state history. "This did not come together quickly."
.....what did they do with it?
Do you believe in miracles?
i have never gone home with a dead phone .. my shift charges all day nomatter what.
Finish them CAPS! Hendricks is the unsung hero of this team
BernCo Dems react to Wiener: It is only fitting that his personal moral compass would guide him to such a sleazy destination.
Our thoughts exactly. RT :
Rose out for season means Lebron and Co. Get to fall short in Finals again...
": This new chinese restaurant in WM >>>>>>>>>>> #sushisushisushisushisushisushisushisushisushisushi" i ate there last night!
I am locked out of my office. Oops. I can see it through the window. my laptop dock misses me
Congratulations and happy holidays to all of the #UMBC graduates!
Cannot stop crying... Broke up with Brandon... I must be an idiot.
Iv had 4 concussions I think I'm a candidate for Alzheimer's 
Don't wanna break your heart, wanna give your heart a break.
Panel 14 was great at #MAA2012. Best takeaway: "Mise-en-page is an active choice" made by scribes.
When people send short messages, I think its my fault. #ForeverAlone >-<
I'm so glad I got tagged :(
1970, 8% of African Americans had a BA degree or higher. Progess has been made with 23% in 2008. Yet more to do! Learn abt your options!
Now he's quoting letter from Hispanic community members sad they are losing Mr. Heredia.
I heart
Cherish you<3
hoping a good night's sleep will pull me out of this dazed state Ive been living in for the past couple days...
I didn't get to meet you!! #OhNo :(
Two fires in the same house? Isn't that a bit dangerous? :)
Follow me? (:
hahaha that's EXACTLY what I was thinking! When I tweeted it I was saying it my head with a beat.. hhaa
we've got america to blame.
Emotionally stunted girls assault people left and right. Raise awareness to help stop Twilight-related violence before it happens to you.
they're good :D
RT : MY BLOCK WAS THE ONLY INDIE LABEL NOMINATED FOR GRAMMY'S THIS YEAR! SO PROUD TO BE APART OF THE HISTORY BEING MADE RIGHT NOW
I'm sorry.
Dnt make me take a round trip to #henderson tomarrow
When you can't sleep -__- <<<
#ogw Seattle CIO: One argument is there's too much data; govt must "deputize" private sector and nonprofits to deal with it.
I'm tryna get nasty
Nephew's dissertation topic: "Use of Non-Traditional Marketing Strategies to Engage the 25 to 34 Year-old Age Demographic: Audi of America"
OK DONT TRY 2 PLAY ME AS A
participation ≠ proximity to event + your email
methinks you are correct! Im usually asleep at this time, but having a lil insomnia today... How are ya?
YES YES and YES i'm going on a very expensive crawl tonight.
what babe?
Glad you enjoyed the event! He WAS funny!
If you hate change, you shouldn't market your business on the internet, but then you should rethink your business anyway.
GCF. Have fun with Codes ;) cake reunited. So cute guys! You guys are in LOVE. bromance! just have fun and partayyyyy!
This dark, gloomy day will not ruin my dinner plans for tonight!
I think I'll try ringing in the New Year New Orleans Style for the first time this weekend. Is it fun to watch the baby drop in Jackson Sq?
#awkward when you talk about someone you know via twitter and they see it...
Let's do this.
If you are looking to go to another in your prayer life than come tonight to Citadel Church 7PM, teaching on "Prayer that produces"
too stinkin cute!!!
"newspapers are under-utilized in genealogical research" - Tim Pinnick. I couldn't agree more!
nice name, wonder if we r related?
My sister's craze she still prefers computer than iphone -.-😱😱
In awe of this room full brilliance - all who have come together to make new symbols for Better Transportation
I Do Believe I Got Tha Best Mother In The World.. Happy Mother's Day, Mothers ! ( :
If you put the federal government in charge of the Sahara Desert, in five years there will be a shortage of sand....
Stop telling Brandon he looks good in Drag !!!! Please save the human race!
SOX: #Royals already leading 3-0 in T1. Johnny Giavotella reached on error to drive home a run...Brayan Pena doubled two in.
Get lighters ready!
I feel like shit. If I'm still sick on my bday I'm gunna be hot pissed!
RT : #ilovehoustonlibrary because it's saved my budget many times; how else could I keep my ereader filled w new ebooks for free?
The realest niggas
&' i say Justin wouldn't want me to cry . He would want me to stay strong with my head high . then i try . tbc
After a lengthy journey through spell check, there is no way I will ever misspell Hazanavicius again.
I hv some ideas, but none make any sense to me. Do u know?
I'm just now getting to watch the Housewives of NYC Reunion..and, wow, this is intense!!!
Me too!
Wants and Needs are 2 different things!
skin by rascal flatts is my favorite. <3
- I'm doing good, how 'bout u? If your folks are looking for a great dealer of Rx drugs, my wife works at Thrifty White in RC!!
yes he did!
ok; fine
actually... speaking of fat ladies singing... if you follow me, but not our friendship is close to being over. so, there's that
your video was so helpful on Etsy, thank you!
Bitch just because you're five feet taller than me doesn't mean I'm about to take shit from you
yea i know but from now i aint doing it No More! i promise u that
if you see driving. Run for you life !!! 🏃💨
AAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHH IM BORED!!!!!
Be a part of the solution!
what did you miss
Fundraiser hopes to help 'Save Veronica'
Had a lovely meeting with today. Thanks for helping spread the word about all the great things to do in Rochester!
Let me grab my Dick while you sit on top
Love be sure 2 enter Tweet w/ ur pick ("Jar of Hearts", "Arms" or "A Thousand Years"), #BingLounge, & !
All of these tweets about M! Countdown..and I won't be able to see it for hours -__- damn you time difference!
fantastic! congratulations, molly!
We imagine that we want to ESCAPE our selfish and commonplace existence, but we CLING DESPERATELY to our CHAINS! SMH!
Tomorrow gonna be with bestie Shyrus prom dress shopping :-)
The Grouch w/DJ Fresh, Mistah F.A.B., Fashawn & Exile 12/11
We seem to be hearing about him to KC the same way and at the same time that we were hearing about TJax. Interesting...
RIP Sheridan!!
quotIn The Bat-Cavequot Mini Trailer How To Set Up a Home Recording Studio Web-Show - area rugs
The NFL network talks too much __> I record the games so I can skip commercials. 60 min play into 180+ is not fun 4 fans!!
We will be open from 11am-10pm on Christmas eve, and closed on Christmas day. Happy holidays from Classic Slice!
yea I don't get it either. #DCF wasn't exactly my forte but a 100% valuation increase in 5 days is somewhat significant
The years teach much which the days never know
You're not in Kansas, I mean North Carolina anymore Mr Wilson.
did you have a dream under the gas??
#GameInformer has a list of the last of the major titles coming out for the #Wii this fall. Going out not with a bang but with a whimper.
Ability will never catch up with the demand for it. ~ Malcolm Forbes
Would you drop Harvin or Decker for Manningham in a PPR?
Home Time Boys! #WinIt!
you are a modern genius. If you ever need a casual alto saxophonist or "big black girl" vocals, I'm there.
Where did I read about someone's misgivings with the "Manifest Destiny" (buffalo) cheevo in Red Dead Redemption?
I'm gonna be shocked if this one didn hit. Two of the six numbers are 23. Lotta MJ/Lebron fans out there.
THIRD EYE BLIND - SEMI CHARMED LIFE
and why was I not mentioned in that Tweet?
will be happy to know that our traditional gift of 3 doz. spudnuts was delivered to our library sysadmins this a.m.!
My dog smells fucking amazing right now!!! Jesus!!!
What wonderful weather we have here in #Pittsburgh! Who wants to take a look at our wonderful office spaces available!
And he lives RT : I'm not saying surprisingly well-behaved, but...
we were in the lunch line and he was ordering his sub and he was to tall to see the stuff so he bent down to look at it....
We practice law in the areas of civil litigation, family law, criminal defense, personal injury, real property, business, amongst others.
RT : 6+ billion people on the planet and your going to let one person ruin your day. #unlikely #fb - ok.... ok...
Guys...Ryan is lacing up Marissa's Cotillion Dress...there's so much faux-sexual tension I can't handle it.
UM Kloé Kardashian on the cover of Cosmo..... YUM
I'm going to puke.
Anyways Good Night yal
RT thank you for your presentation today! (of course! Thank you for letting me show off to your team! #smorgit)
then go your narrow butt to bed!
I'll keep you my dirty little secret
Washington DC v USA! 1) Oil-Drilling Moratorium & appeal of Court's reversal; 2) failure to waive Jones Act; 3) sues AZ (fed) LAW...1of_
💙💛In only a quarter of a century u've accomplished so much, w/ much more 2 come. PROUD OF U! HBD cuz! Love you! ❤OOP~YIP!
i thought i bout bout to beat my sister baby daddy ass.
wow, benson is hardcore! He's like Van Damme in Blood Sport!
Sorry, I don't really praise him, not really that crazy, just here to support.
a gay male porn star would be my best guess!
I loved your "Dangerous" comment bc I am so hesitant to promote the nerdiness that is my college. Its a MUST.
Visit any Laurelwood Public House/Brewery location today... 15% of all sales go to the kids of the Bald Faced Truth Foundation.
Can't find my glasses... Is it true that Google is buying Grey Poupon for over $2 billion? Great deal for Kraft Foods, no? 
OMG! I am too..I can't stand him anyway. As soon as his face comes on..switch...it's so long too!
I love girls.
Please pray for my friend she is going through ruff times right now I pray that God bless her and her family Amen.......
it is. I've enjoyed it !
Headed to Camp Cheley for Play Day with the kiddos at Burn Camp! So excited!
Congrats to Virtue/Moir! So disappointed in the judges placement for Weaver/Poje. They outskated Pechalat/Bourzat
It's so god!
My aunt remembers each person's favorite. Mine? The homemade Italian sodas she used to make me as a kid.
Woot! Same here. RT : For the record -- I'm having a great day!
just heard about this...why did he resign?
Hi !! today's my mum's birthday!!!! can you wish her Happy Birthday????
I love #GooglePacMan!!! Working REALLY hard today...
Love the character animations, very impressive. You're very talented, keep up the great work!
IS IT ABOUT HIS MOM OR SOMETHING COS THAT'S THE VIBE I'M GETTING
Still Thinkinn Aboutt How Me And Joee Cooled It Last Night.
Getting Misty Kisses!
Wooh da kid do it big
Giving high-fives to strangers after the PENS score>>>>>>>
Who's going to Rev tonight??
"NOPE! WE'RE DRILLING FOR OIL!" – Pearson
No milk and no cheese for a whole week #sucks (n)
I gallon of water everyday is crucial to total health and fitness.
I BELIEVE IN MYSELF EVEN IF U DONT AGREE! IM UNSTOPPABLE
next Star Trek movie is scheduled for release in June 2012
Deluxe, of course. Don't want you to miss out on those fabulous bonus tracks. But need your email address to do it.
How much time is left?
Describe your Overall Experience Getting your Microphone turned off during your Interview with MSNBC's Tamron Hall on Friday?
Just launched my Twitter account.
Congrats :) I'm trying to get 1000!
what's up how's everything going...
Sean and Michael ran off to get married in NYC! Please email us if you need anything! xoxo- Spark
Thanks for the well wishes. I can't wait to start writing again and get to Tennessee.
RT : Celtics knock off the Hawks, 83-80; advance to the Eastern Conference Semifinals vs. Philly
. I am so sorry about that. I just noticed this post. You are eating on us for a month! Can u email me at
I feel like I am in the ghetto right now.
I love you too baby. So much.
I'm rippin on you skell. I said duter wouldn't lose to hamberg. And you lose to him
Question from audience: "what is the best form to tell the re-framed stories that new technologies and new data allow?"
FLATOUT!ENT A.D.S WCK RECORDS NEED SUM FEATURES FOR UPCOMING MIXTAPE SO GET AT ME ALL ARTISTS WELCOME ALL LOVE OVER HERE
MJ tribute--- its only right! live on the pulse! power983fm.com
and click the 'like' button and the 'tweet' button under the video CONSUMERS can be on the front page of the entire site!
Late class. Finished hw. SS bored
thank you so much!
hopefully, I can convince my daughter that I'm cool...right? ...nevermind
What cops were using at UC Davis?
MT love this and his handle. “: A solid swing by Uggla and he didnt swallow his tabackky!!”
FRANNY will tell you I'm not lying !!
Life is like a bank u get out what u put in it
Even though it's only 11:04 here, it's after midnight in Indy. Happy #2012!
lmbo yea I am she sucks
I agree. The puroresu/character actor link is not explored enough. Next season I'm doing a Ned Beatty/Rikidozan crossover.
When I update happy hr & drink specials online, I find that bars usually raise prices by $0.50-$1 or reduce the size of the drinks.
I'M SO SORRY, LBJ! (Whoops -- there goes my inner Catholic-schoolgirl again!)
You are very welcome!
hey babe
RT : This may sound stupid, but if you knew the company you'd understand. Just found a FLEET FEET in MD. Now I have to go /go 4 it
Haha. They asked if I was interested when they hired me. They're losing the girl who is the asst bookeeper for all Pdx stores.
Like lord of the rings one ring to rule them all JT Scott watches them all fall.
So I found this song I liked along time ago AND I can't remember the name of it now. This is making me so frustrated. Meeep.
I love that Burger King put #DavidBeckham in there commercial!
I'm 2 and a half months already!!!! Can not wait to meet my new bundle of joy!!!
Is it wrong to want that old thing back?
TOMORROW NIGHT! Rock Bottom Bushwick BK Catch us live its gonna be #wild! #real #ny #hiphop come out and #support 177 Stockholm Street
Go to hell. #WBC are just famewhores, nothing more. I'm sure if you lost a child it'd be different right? #pieceofsh*t
The personal injury lawyers at the Jaklitsch Law Group can find coverage for your medical bills, pain and suffering and lost wages.
A dedicated professional is a rare commodity. ISO dedicated professionals. I have a long memory.
Coming up on NBC 15 NEWS at 10, hear #Packers Nick Collins' thoughts on getting back to work.
Yeah...Hand Sanitizer. CRAZY!
I get to study jazz all day today. I hope you can get out of bed and do something you love too!
RT : Ditto. RT : And now let's just get hammered...
I've been having the hardest time today holding back retweeting every single one of 's tweets.
Be the first to see live tweets from Winter Heat! Follow us
#QOTD "Learn from the past, look to the future, but live in the present." (Petra Nemcova)
It is ridiculous how nice it is today! Love it!
so far have a designer interested in helping us with our plan. I'm working on it sister!! XOXO
Its like no matter what, this one person dont stop twatching my shit... TWATCH DEEZ NUTS BITCH!!!!!!!!!!
Why am I awake
bahahahahahaha that should be me
Thanks for the retweet ! So glad we are connected!!
This girl texting me emojis knowing damn well I can't see them! Lmfao
Family is a blessing x a million.
boo on chris brown!
sit down chuck lol.
I definitely like what i heard. What role do you have in these projects? all drumming?
im now followin u so follow bakk bff....nd hey,my sin
Remember - only until Wednesdat at 8PM can you register to win an iPad w/every yogurt purchase. You want a spiffy tablet, don't you?
“: Seriously we need boys who wanna go golfing and get drunk all day” I feel like that shouldnt be difficult to find, but it is!
After struggling for two years with Pages, today I finally broke down and downloaded Microsoft Word.
I didn't know one of the Coreys was in I'm mean the one that's still alive.
I like the "we" there. I will try to. I might have to stay late at work, though.
Looking forward to the Saturday Night festivities tonight!
yeah and that may be the only hit he gets
God morning(:
Bubble gum, bubble gum in a dish. How many blowjobs do you wish?
Thanks, Happy Saturday, DIVERSE
thanks bro love you
Help us get to 1500 likes on Facebook! Come on were so close! :) tag us in a status and spread the word!
Thank you Hammer for the follow, I follow you on my personal account and always appreciate the pearls you drop. #don'tevachange
War majors & minors appeared in 1943-4 catalog, "students & faculty might better serve the nation"
yeah and you might not recognize him cause he dyed his hair and got a hair cut and the person who cut his hair messed it up
When you start to hate someone , everything they do begins to annoy you .. them : "*Cough*" you: "OOOOHHH MY GOO SHUT UP!!!"
3 hours of sleep in a 48 hour time period. Seriously?!?!! My brain won't shut off. Hmm...maybe I'm a genius!
so, you agree they were wrong in this exclusion?
i hate little girls that are brats.. i wish i could smack them.
RT : Volunteers are not paid - not because they are worthless but because they are PRICELESS. ~ via
midol calms my nerves.
Cool(: i already saw it so tell me what you think about it when its over!! xoxo <3
good point
And I'm sure you're the only foursquare check in.
My first time watching the Penguins play.. They are amazing! :D
you didn't tweet today ! I was concerned /:
have you seen the commercial with ZZ Top singing "25 lighters on my dresser"?
Your community needs you. Support the businesses that support community. Shop Main Street. Shop Independent.
Young toddler injured in Northglenn house fire set by dad released from hospital today. Sister still has long recovery.
lol true. Gives me hope that I can make it big
hand on her butt - kev cossom >>>
I want to be here
Thank you for the RT. It's a great way to visualize the concept
How's your portfolio look? Please let us know if you have any questions. Thanks again!
They should do "Win a Date with Bernadette" charity fundraiser with #BigBangTheory cc (Ok, Penny too)
:-) We're putting you on speed-dial!
Q)2 when several sessions concurrent and I pick the wrong one...
#nw - Don't Trip... He Ain't Through on in yellow church hat!
hahahahahaha where u been? I seen last week
only food chains reply back to my tweets /:
now? It is 16:40 in the UK:)
i dont wanna to it ALONE. im scared he'll think imma stalker or something....
watching behind the scenes with Oprah while designing and reorganizing my office
What? Lol! RT : Just bc you swear a lot and claim to be Christian don't make you Peter...
Everyone should check out this week's paper!
😄pfffft, nah. Mine is all gone.
Someone from Community Legal Services also compared it to that.
Going with Gemologist followed by Take Charge Indy and Creative Cause
While a slave in 1850 cost the equivalent of ~$40,000 in modern $, a #slave can be bought today 4 a few hundred dollars!
go to sleep :-)
horrible. They aren't doing .uttin...lol u WOuld think they won superbowl with pics they have chosen ....stupid to Rivera
Just won the Toros laser tag contest. I'm a true champion.
Expectations cause anxiety, worry and stress- just go with the flow.
i would have to agree with you on #worthback2backtweets from :)
RT Yup Yup BROADWAY BAR TONIGHT...TAKE UR AZZ OUT THERE!!!
Playing Tonight at The Stone with and Loren Stillman. 8pm set. hope to see you there!
I was literally JUST jamming out to them!
Excited about the next few months at Doing church differently, indeed.
Mr. Nana has arrived!
I blame Reg NMS for the depth of yesterday's market event.
yu Call Me! I Need Yur house numb!
Yeah .. I will goin' to both #BornThisWayBall concerts in #Cologne ;D
Best Emery picks Jeffery and Rodriguez, hey im a give McClellin a chance, sucks I never heard his name though through any sports outlet.
Thanks for the follow, finding your tweets very interesting.
Pick a number between 0 & 0. Then thats how many fucks I give -.-
"I swag and I surf" has been in my head since ystrdy. I think I need one piece of ratchedness in my music collection
My nose is dripping....ew this is disgusting.
Madonna. Like her, but just ok. Tight rope guy stole the show. Nothing beats the U2 halftime - and I'm not a U2 fan.
fuck u. This sucks
Missed Connections is the first AF contest to leave the door open for, like, sincerity. If you're into that.
No flasks of mercury, I hope. MT : WOW! Just got awesome 60's science lab stuff from Dunbar HS
I'm so ragey tonight that i'm scaring myself!
I had that on repeat yesterday...
Apparently, I wanna go fast.
Previous #Quote ~ Emerson ~
Today is one of those days I am SO glad I'm not in Indiana :)
Love it, that's funny, but I'm only 37 to your 75, HA! (altho I disagree w/ on RTs & use of old-style).
To tweak the old saying: Cold fingers, warm hearts.
Compromise to help us for a change. Not the uber fucking rich, OK?
enjoy your sunday!
you can get on tiny chat
Marriage is like a cage; one sees the birds outside desperate to get in, and those inside desperate to get out. -- Montaigne
RT : No go on the #Clear I only got 1 or 2 bars (of several on the mac client). I guess #clearwire hasn't made it's way up this far.
True. Good question. Another idea/tip: good to have them run in packs (at least one friend) if possible.
why do you have to keep tweeting about the samething....
Happy birthday you in Denver now, how many teams wish they had you? I say all of them
JUSTIN PLEASE NOTICE ME!!!!4
I always go through a phase of not listening to deathcore, then hear something and go crazy with it!
tonite: FUXA with LSD AND THE SEARCH FOR GOD. Yes. And of course ART TIME PUNKS will be on the premises!
Holy crap! My out of pocket cost for the pump they want me on is going to be almost $5000.00 guess who is not getting the pump. Damn it!
The log in servers are down! fix them, for my life is with out purpose if i can not slay goblins!
Sup dude
because I don't have credit
It's a good thing I'm broke. It's really helping me quit cigarettes. Haven't bought a pack in 2 weeks.
the kind that bring you home when home is such a strange place..
Happy birthday ! Hope your day was fabulous! Miss you.
I have to pee. I don't want to get up.
okay someone just told me that we have to wear our regular uniforms
Getting ready to see #karmin at Lakeshore today !
#fnl makes me think it's best to choose a place and stay there. Even if it's a crumby place.
Cinco de Mayo wedding #FTW. :D
Thank you so much Steven! Hope you had a very nice time with your family as well! :)
Calendars are now available at your local Newcomb Hall Info Desk (I think), Newcomb Theater, and UPC Office. Check 'em out!
your welcome !
I think you'll live. But let me sleep now butthole.
"Keep calm and love Niall Horan!" That's the motto nigga.
Np:Lloyd Naked
Can somebody stop tweeting the SOTU and wash my glasses? I can barely see Leslie Knope in this rerun.
happy birthday brother!
Designing all day to finish up my Christmas custom orders, so busy but I love it! Haven't did any x-mas shopping for my kids though,yikes!
hey ken ken lol
Is The Killing what Twin Peaks turned into in Tommy Westphall's brain after he got through puberty and things stopped being so weird?
I'll check him out, thanks for lookin out!
They need to hurry the fuck up & fix the roof fast cause they don't let me sleep & I have no cable.
"30 Greatest Artists Right Now" in "Entertainment Weekly". Seems like the definition of "Art" has been changed recently.
Days with the baby ( 8
5 more minutes and there will be no more #NUTS today. Well, not really, but you know what I mean. lol
Quick question: Can you think of any other technology and media Short Courses we could offer that would benefit UWM students and employees?
Shout out to the Lord and Tim TeBow. The Lord running Tim TeBow like Job.....
that sucks
hi Jamie :) my daughter sparklyrebel98 loves you and thinks your adorable
i love you! <3 you are the most beautiful, stunning, amazingly funny girl i have ever met! Love, Cody! <3
The late Twins game has me all discombobulated
lately you've been mad sensitive Don't take things so personally Clive the world doesn't revolve around you- lmao
apple is my sleeper. I think it has a chance
saw you at Rosa Mexicana on Sunday! Such great food:)
it's the first time I felt a connection to her
Getting breakfast sent to me ! (:
Young Niggas With More Vision From Here On Out, All Legendary Shit
Damn man...even Sloth had a TV to watch in the basement
I have a promo code for Slice SD for the iPhone and touch... I have to be honest tho, I am not sure its still good, let me know P7NJ9FA9XL3X
wins big brownie points this morning bringing in chocolate covered strawberries with each of our initials piped on
Oh you two... Eurhythmics tweeting always
when you gon do some hooks wit ya boi?
Wishing you all there a wonderful and amazing day take care
#ICanHonestlySay I don't know what I want anymore.
its a clown car! lol
God damn, The Vampire Diaries is a really boring show...like One Tree Hill except one of them happens to have fangs...
what safe do you live in? It's 11 in Cali.
In vegas
Come celebrate Tricky T's Bday with us at Party Foul! Apollos On 7th st & Bethany!
can you expound more on your thoughts about lock? Is this inside info or speculation?
it's only been two days since we last talked and i mess you soso much.
job hunting :)
This class is more confusing than Evan's gender
can't wait to see u in Boston!!!
RT: This Thursday is our guest on #mediachat and our topic is “Brands and future use of Twitter”. This Thursday at 10pm EST.
some light snow overnight in the Denver metro area - good thing mother nature will melt this off in the next day!
Um, we're sheep? Whoops. Did I say that out loud?
Just go to Bruce this year!
Clearing the underbrush and building forts in my mind
TWILIGHT - Actor Robert Pattinson was spotted at Washington Dulles Airport this evening, look for him at the WHCD
You just made the state of minnesota so angry.
U r awesome 4 devoting your heart & soul to understanding more about food allergies, Andrea!
I hate this town, its so washed up, and all my friends don't give a fuck
can we get a #gocougs for Niedenfuer aka Buffalo Head
RT : :) RT : It's amazing how irritating people can be in 140 characters or less.
Great to see photos of the first LGBT couples marrying in New York State. Looking forward to having similar rights restored in California.
As a person who clicks internet aliens all day for advertising dollars, do you think that the socioeconomic phenomenon of ra
Who has seen the show girls....i am obsessed now.
RT : RT : sitting here smiling because of you
thanks for the RT!
I die a little on the inside when he doesn't text me back. ):
I ain't gay or anything lol. But I think Nate Robinson really has swag. That nigga stays fresh.
PM Developing a national consortium for engaging transformational curriculum. Besides a need for capital want to include Twitter.
Yikes!, the acorns hitting the house sound like baseballs sometimes--especially in the morning! (Well, I *hope* they're acorns!)
On my way to
Back to Evidence!
I wish that rent wasn't an actual thing.
I think eyehategod is the cutesy band name ever just bc I think that would really piss off the members of that band.
"Friend Collecting" is so "Yesterday" - building more "trusted relationships" that can become "Advocates" for you is the "Future"
hahah I know its wonderful lmfao hahah its cute!! Hey but hole was hard for her to say!
im so salty i missed the live stream how can i view it
I need your strength to handle the pressure.
Awesome training at DYS yesterday.
This Moody Great Show Boss Keep it up!!!!
Lovin the character changes on #glee right now!
Super bummed... RIP MCA
Those are freaking yum!!!!
essing around with my new phone hehe it has twitterr(: finally
I swear, if Facebook changes their layout one more time, I’m going to post a status update about it and then use their site as much as alway
are you in love like ?
thanks Christy! I appreciate it!!
I'm thinking you're not a spam bot since you're tweeting me like a person but would be get if a) got a pic b) good twitter name
WAIT WHAT CITY IS WINNING NOW????!!! MY GOD. WHAT A DAY.
that's so hot
incredible! Send my best to J and Lou
Bakk to this goon shit run wit me or run from me
Yes she does!!
Based on current copyright law we'll be getting Grachan Moncur's Evolution up in February 2067. Don't hold your breath!
watching parenthood. literally the best show idc what people say..
What is academic language? Grammatical structure (long noun phrases) & multi-syllabic vocabulary.
Considering writing a proposal to present at a local conference with some classmates. Thoughts?
I dont know if Hulu is much better. I think it's useful if you want to catch up on current seasons, but they dont offer new movies
we make boozy eggnog cupcakes!!!!
So long Kirkpatrick. Another wishful thinking GnG.
thanks! Hope you're doing well!
yea because when kobe came into his own jordan was over The hill
she told me she loves how my hair flips up and that friday I let it curl under and she missed it..UGH
My dad is comparing my accent to Josie
Wow what a weekend.. Church, Family and some great NFL football..God is going to do Great things this week!
RT Yes--let's keep up the American dream where every family can send their kids to college!
So sad to hear about Junior Seau. One of my favorites growing up.
Damn straight "our" incubator year. Needed 150 characters for that one!
ok then we are hitting mares! It's the second what night ha?
game isn't over. still love those broncos.
Positive Tomorrows welcomes two new students - Josh to 2nd grade and James to 4th! We are excited to have them join our school!
Girls want attention. Women want respect.
that was awesome. O agree that violence is not the answer but come the hell on Perez.
My state of mind finally i got the best of me
follow me?? i love you austin!<3
Taught two classes today. Ready for a quiet night now
what are you doing at USD?
my old phones are too smashed to work.
I cannot wait to pay off my mortgage. I suppose selling before then could be an option.
Writing to "otis" thanks to everyone who checked out the remix I did to cool like that by digable planets
Dang they're barely going to show The Ultimate Fighter: Brasil in June. I've already seen like the first 3 episodes.
Flying solo
Thank u I now have an interest in vintage shopping! Great way 2 incorporate pieces n the wardrobe & not 2 mention affordable!
what if they don't find him though?
omg i feel that way all the time . lolz
Not coming back down there.
Just beat some veterans at some #beerpong. #Salute that beeotch.
I would like to give a great big thank you to the person who came up with no calorie spray butter
I would beat Donny's ass… assuming I survived the cheetah mauling.
Nice winds, so I opened the windows. Beau pup thinks I'm crazy. She's pacing & panting like mad.
Great game tonight!!
are you really going to jw
What's Your Plan This Week? Shout You Goal Out To Eveyone To Set It In Stone!
Today was such a stimulating day !!! <----wtf
sell blood/organs? Stripping? Become an international hustler? win the lottery? warrior tix are affordable bc we suck lol
Just bought it , $20! What a deal, right? RT : I love your cardigan this morning! Where can I get one? ;)
Keep Coughing !
Only the educated are free. Epictetus
gone to sleep *closes laptop*
This year coming is full of changes. Economic changes to begin with. People should start evaluating needs and wants.
Trolling the mail-order bride catalogs?
Day one of Managerial Accounting and already an assignment to work on. Here's hoping to start and finish it in the same day!
"Leer da Poder" Hispanic engagement brought together by Latin2Latin agency at The Young at Art Museum in Davie, FL
RT Google Working On Password Generator For Chrome: Trailrunner7 writes "Google is in the process of developing a t......
Chiefs will trade out of #1 pick to get more draft picks
I'm just an Ordinary Girl *hint
I always thought it would make more sense for In-N-Out to make hot dogs.
Chel just saw bridemaids and said it wad hysterical!
Hazelwood necklaces can be a great help for babies with reflux.
I love the Brookville supermarket in #ClevelandPark. Slightly grubby, has Normal Food, just what you need. Wish every n'hood in DC had one.
G.M.N.I.: Shyt really does fuck w/ your head. When you see kids 4 or 5 yrs younger than you gunned down over trivial shyt.
Ha! Working on it :)
And there's some things, that even you, yourself, wouldn't understand
chilln sup wit u
and ima wear my b-day pin to
Our free web design program is starting again Jan 4th. www.headwebmaster.com
WOW #DeadIsland is really fun! You guys should deff pick it up!!
Sorry to hear about #stevejobs moving to Chairman and leaving as CEO. His combination of skills are uniquely his and Apple will change.
We haven't set the time yet... we're going to let everyone know tomorrow morning. Trying to get everyone scheduled.
going to be a long night...
Another AMAZING night at The very sexy and responsive crowd is always a treat to play for!! #OMGITSHIM at it again!~
I'll see you there!
RT : With rise of the cloud, enterprises rethink role of access, which is both more important and easier than ever...
and a 10 from Bruno. and he would have every woman in the country would vote for him and he would have Packer nation just like DD
Nelly is sexy as hell.
Orange line actually running on time, only drawback is the doors in our car won't actually open.
#realshit . I'll get over it .
m epic
remember about the tip Porfavore!
were gonna make it in like 30 minutes with this shit
Bo! I failed to pay attention evidently. :(
Andrew Walsh, Keynote Speaker: focusing on what does mobilizing of search mean for info literacy?
Going to get pick up my 2 new pairs of glasses today, new "carb cycling" meal plan, & new work out plan! Was like XMas eve last night! 👙🌟
Don't let any hater tell you that you're nothing. They lie. If you were nothing, they would leave you alone.
I would easily go as far as to say that RAGE is the best-looking video game ever.
GETTiNG A TATT00! i THiNK iM G0NNA GET JALiA'S NAME TATTED 0N ME WiTH A BABY F00T PRiNT
Yeah, it might be cold out there... but it's hot in here at the Del Rey... Cheap beers & shots plus DJ & dancing starts at 10pm!
if the bitch cant swim she gon drown
Our pleasure RT : thanks for the follow, guys!
Im Out 4 Some Hours I Got A Life.#FreeBoosie.G.F.B. Damage Mode 414 If U Don't Like It Well #HoeGoHam.Its Problems Bitch.M.P.
anyone around? now on twitter?
Sick LiVE classic rock&roll at Who's On First #Boston tonight! 9:45-1!
GL quoted Lauren Hill. 'How R we gonna win if we ain't right w/in?"
well we can't do the shoot without you!!
#2PeopleThatBelongTogether and ;) OF COURSE THEY DO!!
See what Sea World has for this year! Buy one day get a week free as well as many great specials! Go to seaworld.com for these amazing deals
Our thoughts and prayers go to friends and family of Rep. Gabrielle Giffords (D-AZ), who was assassinated this morning at a townhall event.
thanks for including us in the conversation!
Hello, one of my fave actresses!!
Hello new friends, thanks for following
HAPPY Critical Mass day, everyone!!!
Lol way to fail at picking me up(; Love yoou loserr;)
Issue 101 is out now! Features ( + ), Zebulon, Jesi Naomi, + more interesting/funny reads!
« « Oh, You knew that band before it was popular? You should be a scout for record labels.»»
"We are our deeds." Jean-Paul Sartre
headed north on 95 between Richmond and Fredericksburg, in snow storm, max speed 40
LOVE white sangria!
I saw a blue umbrella in princes street gardens
you're welcome xo(: its just the truth
"Ballin like ah piston tryna stack RODNEY STUCKEYS, all dubs no L's, 7luckyyy"
Fish Fingers and Custard!
'Paralysis by over analysis' is my theme for filling out my Bracket!!
got back from an errand and my hallway smelled like a stables-ick!
Serving it this coming Shabbos. Made 50 rolls for a Shalosh Seudos. They are all in the freezer.
going to to workout today feeling good 252lbs today droped from 259 on monday lets see if I can get down to 250 by SAT
#rva #whatnottowear Sadly, I know exactly who you are speaking of.....
working the bruins game let's get it B's
We have to beliveve that everything is going to be alright so we pray and that makes us feel good about our life
I vote for Abe. I think the revolution and early leading could have happened well w/o George. I'll ask my Ss too in 10 min.
Keep banging them jointz
You guys deserve it! :-)
my trainer says i can't work out with him today cause i gave blood :( meh i haven't gone in two weeks :((((
SO PROUD OF !
Preciate tha love bae RT ": Somebody jus gave me the cd!! They call me RubbaBandBanks!! Jammin it at the car wash!!"
Getting to know someone new >
It's that time of the year when the center of the universe moves from NYC to Austin TX.
Thanks for following, David! Viva la Indie Film!
Im not even that mad at you . Im just pissed bacuse you make such a big deal out of it .
Durango is host to a College Basketball Tourney, NAIA teams, great basketball!
I'm officially back on twitter! I've missed it! But I've lost a lot of followers.. do you think you could help me out?! <3 ya
it must be the paste that's the vegetable than. Um... paste.
Unsucessful people compromise there values
yup 4 world records, 2 world championships, too many national and state records to list. Leg presses 1300 lbs 6'1 260 ;)
Papa Smurf knows when I'm changing the clock! Lmao xD damn it now I can't cheat!
so true ! I will believe that
it's work phones fool!
Anna thanks for the RT
George Zimmerman finally gets charged!!! I usually don't do this but uhh *starts dougieing*
I have a busy month in Sept. NDK Sacanime, Robotech 25 in Van Nuys and now a Power Rangers day in Pasadena.
Jeff Fisher to the #Rams... avg tix there were $98
u r welcome
Tomorrow in LA: City Council takes a historic vote to cap truancy fees for students...watch for updates from City Hall
Hey Buffalo peeps: looks like I have to move in A few months. If you see any 1br in the Elmwood village, let me know.
#Follow-->> for great tips on social media and living your purpose!
NYC is so amazing this time around. Been running around nonstop since Tuesday. Mmhmm...
He always tries to trick us :P
The Lies Make You A Less Worth Accomplice...
#3WordsForYou Give it all.
Eww ginger ": craving for fresh ginger tea and ginger cookies ♥."
do u think your ever gonna come to hawaii.....u have tons of fans here!!!!!
Awesome to hear! From what it looks like we will have a great turnout! No more details as of yet, I'll post them when we get them.
open eyes 4 as good as he has been last 2 games he was equally bad in first 3 games. his d coverage led to a lot of GA
really hope somebody punches garnett in the face tonight
When Austin's doing photoshoots in a magazine that just doesn't seem to exist in your country.
Good luck on Sunday!! Go get it!
8 am-9 pm Black Friday Huge Furniture Sale !!! www.tinyurl.com/elegantlivingfurniture
you thinking about getting the iPad 3?
pretty good game goin here
I seriously am on fire! And by that, I mean really cracking myself up!
I'm pretty sure that not naming your kids after communist leaders is like the first rule of parenting.
We have a winner, it's you! Big Bad Bill is your dancer, congrats. RT “: wait ... Who's the dancer?”
most likely me go figure
oh, florencia! Bro, see, i didnt know it was you. Thats why.
Last official day of classes. Let's do this.
Congrats for being named an American of the Year! We love to see a Philadelphian in such good company
this looks really cool...
mich,'u r lucky to be his gf.. Ifink he is perfect bf :)
*lightning bolts* mwah hahaha i jux hacked my little sister's twitter page n she is clueless¡¡¡ lmao add me on fb search: dasjia posey...
Srsly?!?? I can't believe that was even produced. I don't think u could even absorb dense biosci articles by listening to them.
Democracy is a process by which the people are free to choose the man who will get the blame.
Need a family fun night? Pick up your NM Museum of Natural History and Science Spike coloring sheet at any ABQ KKD for a chance to win!
I probably can talk to you about a network socket, but I could not make coffee this am. spilled all over the place.
Chicks tacos casserole!!!!!
runs my pr. The infamous Roger Neal
Got my stolen car back today. Still feeling kind of violated. Horrible mood for the past 2.5 days.
I�m starving I�m going eat something
Boys who smoke >>>>
En route to Madison for the #2012FOISummit this weekend. Get your #transparency on.
NC State
See you this summer, Clayton!
What does the l stand for in ur hashtag?
M chocolate Chapstick :)
Who's doing what tonight? Where are the house parties at?
BNP wants to shoot a man just to watch them die. Anybody who comes to our show on Sunday gets to pick who that special person is.
Amen! Can't stand watching her.
they got lucky
I do like to give homework :)
I hate jetlag
Little Giants is such a quality throwback movie. I think I will be channeling my inner Icebox at next week's football game
I would love to find a cool story about Occupy Wall St. versus the Tea Party. Especially if it had a Romeo and Juliet thing.
lol that's f*cked up...
Congrats 2 fellow SD All-Star selections Adrian Gonzalez & Cole Hamels! U may not be playing 4 the Padres, but SD still supports U!
I think she's hiding something. Prob jealousy, or style envy, since she dresses like a carb-alien.
Thanks for the mention!
we love lb and we love our right to vote. so if you are registered, please vote!
Thanks for the mention!
awesome, where did you see it? was it in the magazine?
PRT : #ttw12 pro tip: don't say "real" & "virtual" when you mean physical/digital. else ill call you a digital dualist ...
Haha, all the more reason to go get another beer. Btw your weekend sounds great, hope you've been good!
do you have a FB page?
Got home yesterday.
please do not my make duplicates of this page !!!!! thank you
I haven't seen The Fighter, but I'm pretty sure that if you make a film about poor people from Boston, you'll be rich
Thank you for the follow! We all have life lessons to share. I try and “Always make new mistakes” like Esther Dyson says.
Creating a flexible physical exhibit to react to rapidly changing technology. "Who knows what the next Pinterest is?" -Mr. Sparrow
i aint got time to waste
yeah I just don't know if that is a good thing or a bad thing... So you killin those dance games huh?
Not what I needed. Foot sprain with ~32 hours left until the Mt Taylor Quad. Time for epsom salt soaks, ibuprofen.
I'm doing quite well.
Haha being a DC transplant, I really do not take for granted the great weather we have down here haha!
Hahaha LOVE it
thats the only thing I buy is 4's 10's and 13's lol that's it
first interview done for Jenna Schnuer
ok silly you know where we will be my door is always open
Rachel is running a special today, she will throw in a FREE cut with any color service! Call or come on in and ask for her! (614) 447-2600
I hope you're feeling better today!
The #Lakers dancers look ridiculous in those tennis shoes
You need a hotel room at the sold-out Brownstone Inn for Computers & Writing Conf? Get in touch ASAP. I have a spare & can transfer it.
Ho! RT YOU WON'T LIKE ME WHEN I'M ANGRY. I BACK UP MY RAGE W/SOURCES & DOCUMENTATION
Spring Research, Scholarly & Creative Activity Day (April 19) abstracts accepted through Fri, April 6. Contact:
i know i know i kid :)
Hi ISW Bst 2 u FREE E-BOOK Award Winning novel GRAY RAINBOW JOURNEY Limited time offer Contact
thats not a good enough reason. you know how we are. we dont talk for months then talk for a week. then do it again.
Someone shit on the floor at work today... #Marshall's
okay good.
you may try the Fashion Institute www.fitnyc.edu
I miss you too pretty lady hang out soon plrase
The album Day Of Mourning by Despised Icon is the shit while you lift.
your welcome. (:
Wrapped a video shoot, and made mint chocolate chip ice cream with spearmint, peppermint and orange mint from my garden.
Well you know Jordan would sit if he was sick....oh wait, nevermind :)
will you follow me please.......:)
bo , lick my balls. nobody's even on the floor. if you're going to have an "all ages" show, at least put a note that
are there things you are learning for the first time while watching the show?
aww :( you should of filmed it
hate this spanish class
is calling for drug and alcohol testing for statewide elected officials, legislators, and JobsOhio board members.
You do not lead by hitting people over the head - that's assault, not leadership. -Dwight D. Eisenhower
I want to wish everyone good luck one their finals and congrats to all of you guys that graduate this month.
wuts good babe
thank u <3
exactly - getting sick can really screw up the sched! which workout are you doing tonight?
great list (including 2 of our DuPage Forest Preserves).
Go Green!! We have #Eco-Friendly CD and #DVD Cases. Call today for info or to order. 800-240-1850 Keep our planet
I love the
Way to use your 3D money printing skills properly RT Munch Scream sets new world record - $119,900,000
up early time to work on this rap shit nd go look for this job later bout to be a long day
Not at all :D
HAPPY BIRTHDAY KEVIN JONAS :) HAVE A GOOD ONE
Headed to some awesome concerts with folks: Avicii, Wiz Khalifa, Lotus…not to mention company offsite in Park City this weekend!
oh wow? a sub-par lady antebellum record beats george strait and taylor swift?
You should have been the lead role in "The Sixth Sense"
Trying to learn HTML and CSS as this is my New Year's resolution. It's tough sledding but, darn it, I will prevail.
and Libmar didn't have to be there if he can't come or something.
The more applicants = the more money for all.
I know that feeling intimately! So hard, but so therapeutic to get rid of the things that have pain attached.
In other news.. I am done my first task of the afternoon.. stripping down, polishing, and restring-ing Izzy, my acoustic-electric Ibanez. 8D
my face hurts
DC food bet would have to be Ben's Chili Bowl
just tripped over my girlfriends bra. I guess you could say it was.. *lights cigar* a booby trap
50 lbs of lobster thawing in the fridge gettin' ready 4 our annual Father's Day Lobster BBQ!
Hey Dianne I own/operate Can you tell me what you mean about an advertising scholarship program?
who is this about? Loll.
Fun fact: If you use Teleport to control your Snow Leopard Mac from Lion, natural scrolling carries over just fine.
Not sure how happy I am about SDSU football moving to Big East. The $$ is good at least.
Jealous!! Is this an annual trip?!?
#sweetheart! Hmm yeah I think I've heard of him :-)
Talk to about & mayor just signing Excutive Order re: transparency though data releases
I HATE when someone hates on Kardashians and Jenners -.- like, let them be flawless <3 haha
Thanks, we really appreciate the great post!
Amos Lee to Anodyne to August & Everything After. I guess it's an all "A" dreary day. Suggestions for next artist or album?
Didn't see second half of Knicks Heat game. Who won?
