It's 10:13- Is the pre-sale code posted? I can't find it on the website...
One Direction Member Zayn Malik Is Back ... - Disney Dreaming
Tgif!!! Come get hooked on one of our fish fries. You know you want to! Plus Nicole is working tonight... worth the trip!
85 degrees IN the house! 10%humidity, that makes it bearable, right?
Fabulous! Anyone who lives in CA should watch Huell--his shows make us appreciate our golden state!
That decorative garlic plant smelled good when I bought it, but is now assaulting our olfactory organs.
What are you willing to tolerate, or forgive?? Is it really worth it??
thanks, and ! I thought 145 was a bit low, what an odd recipe! Put it back in to 160 and all was well! Er...medium!
tough loss on #smackdown, but you're still a winner to me. One more thing. You're still fucking sexy. M M M!
Going on a run after a Tuscan Tuesday.
thank you hun…thats the 1 i ended up getting
Album cover shoot today with singer/songwriter/cellist Serena Jost!
a software engineer. What about you?
orioles are killing me recently... sloppy baseball.
“: You Ain't Got Nothing Ona Buds My Boy ??”
My God, in the Right By My Side video 😍❤❤❤❤
Egg roll ankles:P
so Sketchbook Ink is due in "spring" which ends tomorrow. Any news? Hungry bitmap hippos want to gobble vectors!
nice to see you here
Mikey, my friend Fluey is married to Justine Bateman.
yeah true
Someone just told me to kill myself.
#3WordsForYou GO TO HELL!
"Stupid is as stupid does" #lovethismovie #classic (:
Thanks for following !
Physical therapy help to keep the muscles strong above and below the knee and help stabilize and range of motion.
Man is a goal seeking animal. His life only has meaning if he is reaching out and striving for his goals.
I hate driving long distances unless it's a distance I never been down before.
Fuck they three real talk that's all they Finna get
At Pamela Mitchell's Rnvntn talk at MATC! Pamela says..."Our careers are mnt 2 dlver the lfestyle we want to live". Are u ready ?
yup - just email the details and well do the interview!
Fantastic! Fantastic! Fantastic! On
Of course I'll bring you two back a couple of booklets--maybe even some Brennevin too! :)
Tattoo on friday can wait
so from what the receptionist says your company does not like to NW. Anyway no problem will work with those that do...
Yeah, I wasn't expecting much and wound up getting really wrapped up in it and watching big chunks until I got through 'em all.
I don't want to think anymore..
I'm about to eat (:
I cnt cause I hit the following limit sorry -_-
Its nice to be important but its more important to be nice...
got you man
I am pretty sure that I am in love with Parallels for Mac! I run Windows 7 Pro and it is amazing! And Coherence Mode / wow! ... Sigma out
Hey, Saints fans, my BFF Hillary is in town and reading your funny tweets with me while watching the game! Say Hi!
Mo like my cousin Anthony Davis Play Wit The Thunder lol Azz Clown K Durant NBA Balling Lol
TONIGHT!! Green Iguana Andeson LATIN NIGHT. come out & play ;)
SHE IS SO GANGSTER
I wish I was friends with Hurley from Lost...
Perfect day for rooftop pool party at the with
Can't wait to get rid of Sherman.
Good morning peeps!
god will never let the enemy have the last laugh!...
I predict that Greg Jennings is going to "put the team on his back" and "do this shit" for real next week.
We're maxed out on shorts all color and styles: jean shorts, and cargo shorts. Come and get them before they go cuz they are going fast.
Whitney Houston died. Kinda hard to believe ...
New single by next week just made it the best week this year since my birthday week and it hasn't even happened yet...
#oomf head look like a squashed grape "lol
yup. If Pack has a great season, won't even matter. Someone like Jim Harbaugh with one successful season will sure to get it
Delicious grilled corn on the cob (1st of the season!), macaroni salad, and lemon squares, thank you
"A survey found that the same proportion – about one per cent – of older people had behaviour traits associated with [ASD]..."
The only thing I gave up was using.
rocks the hottest socks in all the land!
Needed a referral for a MA Employment Lawyer... oh, well. :)
.Thank you,stay in touch!!
Enjoying all the Bill Dixon stories. Wonderful tributes.
I'm reading the Art of War and wondering if I can apply Sun Tzu's teachings to Pro-Love principles.
I was totally astonished by Rise of the Planet of the Apes last night. How did I avoid seeing that incredible movie?
HELLO to you too!
TLHs are always looking for band friends. Is there anyone out there that you dig? Consider a gem? Could see sharing a stage with us?
A one way ticket to Santa Monica. This is the beginning of my new life.
I get the best feeling in the world when you say "Hi" or smile at me, because I know that even for a second that I've crossed your mind.
YES! dance date this week?! p.s. Lisa, are you going to Basic Steps tomorrow?!
continue their wide campaign against Braun; testing appeal process is private, except for ESPN
YES. YES. YES. YES.
- thanks for following and welcome to my tweetdom!
Handling Business. Business. Business!!! Between these clothing line endorsement deals, working on my single, working on this collaboration
*I just dropped the mic, walked off stage* RT : lol still not the best in the league. You got Kobe and Durant playing still you know
Let's be honest, best part of #slowcookers is the leftovers. Make meal once, eat it for a few days. Works for us!
Thinkin to my self wats worse law school or Auschwitz in the 1940s?
Chopped of my hair. 😔💇
Thank you for the #RT and Mentions.
my phone never stays charged smh
That'll work. Get the bacon there. I'm sure people will fiend over that.
Nope! Still here. :)
will do...thanks
Hey friend! When do I get my visit from you?!?
We've been following this program since its #inception (great film btw). Very very good. Thank u
I Really Dont Like Waiting For Your Text
I think its more of a testament to how time has changed and baseball hasn't, this isn't 1922, people can't go to a (cont)
So obsessed with kale right now! 4 cups & 3oz of steak! M!
First prize of our #frenchpharmacie giveaway is ...who won a brazilian blowout! Congratulations
Best friend time! :)
Whenever I'm in here I get headaches
bless her heart! Does she know that you just posted this graphic shot on twitter?!!! ha...
i appreciate that man...ill check it out ...hugs back to ya :)
who's car is that?
at the quiet section of the ugl
That's wat makes it 10x realer RT: FUCK #TeamSouthwood THEY ALL CRIMINALS RAPEST AN KILLER THEY STAB PPL
is it getting nipply outside again?
everyone who is going is well lucky i really want to meet you but i live in England :( xx
Much love to thereal
great show, hardly can't wait!!
I wont be 'mrs mahone' but i stay forever 'mrs mahomie' :D<3
I'll Fly down if Im Invited this year if im invited ;-)
I love u Adam. Love you too Blake. Totally in a non sexually way. Can't say the same. I live the voice!!!!!
Anybody have an extra ticket?
Yay! cocktails in the sun (once these papers get done)
Sometimes you got to accept the fact that certain things will NEVER go back to how they used to be.
Breakdowns can create breakthroughs. Things fall apart so things can fall together.
It's so awkward when Granny confuses Steven Tylor for a man.
I think you went the wrong way man. I - 37 to Corpus Christi is practically the Daytona 500.
I went to the 1st show, I was one of the people who got roasted on stage. Are you the one I met after the show at the bar?
We're single and need dates! Likes: killing zombies and saving people. Dislikes: not killing zombies and the Miami Heat
Still no suspect info in the cab driver shooting. I did talk several other drivers who say they have been robbed. More at 710 on
Looking forward to performing at the festival, with , , and Friday, Feb 17, 8PM at
when you think Paul couldn't be more awesome he does something like this
I know this is so odd. I don't think its him. Mike raised them well. I don't get it
We layed her next to him beneath the willow, while the angels sang a whiskey lullaby ❤🙏👼
NAY NAY NAY NAAAYYYYY NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NEVER NEVER NEVER NEIN NEIN NEIN NON NON NON NEJ NEJ NEJ NO
Let that shhh burn …
This just in: Diane Kruger is a very attractive woman. That is all.
Ha! I stand corrected :)
ME TOO
Apple showers may bring flowers.
or bankruptcy...good tips
So... I started making my "I am Limitless" video for contest. Taking me a little longer to mix some audio for it.
. Thanks so much for the #FF! We appreciate being a part of that wonderful group you listed. :)
“: Low horizon. A single pigeon mid-flight.”
Norfolk State!
"The central characteristic of authentic leadership is relinquishing the impulse to dominate others." ~David Cooper
Speaking of the library, we've got some great programs coming up. :)
Yeah. You would have laughed. I just stared at her for a moment then said, "It might have been important to tell me that."
Come visit us in Natick today! I'm all geared up for the Rex Sox opening day, are you?
Hahaha! You actually have a better sense of style than most journalists!
I feel you on that I jam any thing down this way Texas lousiaina I'm on all of it well excepted the whole Dallas boogie shit
I like it! Because I believe we have moved from knowing the hierarchies of knolwedge to the SEARCH TERMS of knowledge.
“: Looking at your ex and wondering "was I drunk the entire relationship?"” OMG I LOVE THIS HAHA
Just discovered Klout. I'm an 18 so I have plenty of room to move up. What are you?
That awkward moment when you do that side to side thing trying to walk past someone you dont know
sporting a #MasterLock on
Just smile.
Apparently we live on the street that Halloween forgot . . . no kids. Sad. Too quiet. Pretty sure our neighbors will be TP'd tonight :)hehe.
#NW In Time this movie is crazy yo!!
Good idea! :) The firms should have enterprise versions of Draw Something focused around visualizing product ideas ;-)
YES ultimate vip bitches :)
Don't you fret should you get another cancellation give me a chance and I'll make a permanent reservation heart vacancy by
Can you be a Jewish Atheist? We’ll wrestle with this question with ’s Rabbi James Kahn at REGISTER TODAY!
Just watched #Colombiana pretty good #action flick but still nothing like in #Taken. #BadAss #ShootEmUp #Movie - Like
Just finished presenting social media marketing ideas to City University of Seattle
New volume in the Curations series coming very soon! In PDF and ebook formats.
Off work yeah buddy! !
Looking for a place to study? We have a business center available to reserve for study groups!
#GoingRed with delicious peppered bacon wrapped cod with sauteed spinach made by my wonderful husband! #Yum I love the #weekend!
yea I know I was with her since I got home from school. Is she ok now?
I should probably go get my hair done
tear drops on my guitar </3
I find it amazing how Just Dance still plays on the radio, 4 years later.
it's aight so wat go's on?? Lol
What day is your birthday =) Early Happy Birthday !
my heterosexual partner RT : happy birthday to my gay partner maybe you can send some money to me,,little baghdad
you crack me up lol(;
They setup the tent in the parking lot for ATT park or in ATT park... Theres also a storyline of somesort...
God is always going to be my boyfriend. aha :/
You've given me reasons to smile,& good times to laugh about,but most of all u've given me memories I could never forget..
Wow how do you have 9 cards in a game...
tweeps, i'm feeling uninspired when it comes to cooking this week. what cheap, healthy dishes do you recommend?
Yes, we allow cameras with no flash. More accessibility for researchers, less copy requests for staff
I have a great need for volunteers at the bridge on weekdays from 12PM-4PM all through december. can you help out??
That's so embarrassing for her
Mandatory Mexican Rant: Just because you "think" you know how to make Mexican food does not mean that you can actually make Mexican food!
. came to this morning to record a segment on our golf classic that will be aired today at 4pm & 5pm!...
Mair we'd give you one daily if we could!
My account was hacked. Shouldn't happen again. Sorry!
I JUST SAW THE NEW TRAILER FOR A NIGHTMARE ON ELM ST. MICHAEL BAY I LOVE YOU! DO YOU THINK YOU COULD DO A REMAKE OF PHANTASM OR SALEMS LOT
#OWS mass text claims 30k out on streets, which seems too high to me. But certainly many thousands out for
Power is out in Summit Univ area. Snowed in with candles and kids.
I'm doing some fun searches on advertising ethics. This is going to be an interesting project!
oh no you didn't...
its ok i did too lol now our lazy butts are wide awake how we gonna last in school tmr? #asianpeopleproblems (:
gl the rest of the way
Every time I find the key to happiness, somebody changes the lock.
Follow WorldAblaze for Live Jazz n DC
he don't work there anymore
I know... I put my childhood stuffed bunny under a cloche, but I can't go there. The liquid makes it awful.
Butthole Surfers - Peppers
Hey Taylor! You should check out They're a great clothing line right outta Missouri. And they have free stickers
Good GRIEF! Its 7:30 PM already. Where did today go???
“: take the advice of Dory, Just keep swimming, just keep swimming swimming swimming” lol, the more I learn, the slower I get!!
I love the story about stay at home dads reacting to the Huggies ad, where dads were depicted as incompetent: "the daddy test"
its fine.
The Guys are taste testing a 16th century beer. Sweet, sweet, history.
Some girl in the street yelled to me "OMG! You're so hot! I want you!" It's true... You can ask BraduuzyB
quick 1, 2, 3 inning. let's get some runs on offense guys
Or did she say "Rodd wishes he was at Ascott?"
I just feel complete when you're by my side...
Caution: reading my timeline from wherever I left off in tweetbot may result in replying to OLD tweets that some ppl may have already forgot
going back to school tomorrow i was sick monday-thursday -_- fuckerszzz
T.v. has officially gone crazy... Don't fire one of my 3 -___-
No that is a cougar on the hood. Talladega Nights paint scheme
The beauty of factoring is unlike a loan the responsibility for collection of accounts receivables are sold and not used as loan collateral
Expand your horizions at Rawhide this summer, not only with amazing new activites, but by making new friends!
A new golden era: gold rush in the Yukon
Go us?...yeah...go us...hahaha
There's a bloggers corner! Must be where the electrical outlets are hiding
Prom alternative was great! I had a blast cracking up with my friends at the table. #Musicwithdrinkingglasses #scoobysnacks #stronghand X)
not at all! Αnd its the highlight of my night..
#IfICouldWishForAnything I Would wish for Artwon Oliver To Come Bakkk :' ((
Wouldn't that make it "Hampsex"?
thanks for mentioning us. $ 250 kickback for referred buyers.
Tip of the day: sitting by strangers is way better than standing by strangers
We love Chile! Rico is Venezuelan, hope you enjoy the music :)
Toothbrush Express offers great deals on Plak Smacker Kids Toothbrushes and most oral care products.
A very special shout out to Mr Game Time Athletics would like to welcome him to the family. He is our newest #CFL athlete...
When people send me mean text messages < 
little of this, little of that, wrapped a movie in Mobile last week. Congrats on the script! I owe you a drink!
Taking no chances means wasting your dreams
not you!
Haha, hey send me that picture of me with them to me.
Alera Rici Series High Back Swivel Tilt Chair
we were meant to be. It was still a shocker but I'm happy :D
#Finishing Wall-E in geometry.
I am jealous! :-) Bring me some sirloin! :-)
This building downtown reminds me of Cinderella castle
Thanks Dan - happy you got something out of it. It's a regular struggle for me. Glad I'm not alone :)
I think they are some of the few people that can come off a tv show and be destined for stardom.
Photoshoot and tracking the last of the vocals today! So soon guys :)
Now that is an important question.
probably best bet is being a former ski jumper yourself
you know a soup is good when you have over a quarter of your crackers left over! Lol
never mind
How Target and Missoni "moved the needle" in the Social Business Index: bit.ly/pkTbrP (cc: )
Hey did you find out if you are going May 12 (this friday)?
I love the smell of freshly cut grass.
niggas is touchin the floor to much for this to b a basketball game
Do Republicans worship the same God as the rest of the world?
In 1977, Yankees win first world championship since 1962.
HHHOOOOOOOSSSIERRRRRRSSS!!! Suck it,
Matt please follow me! I love u so much!
vonnegut + neuromarketing....the night's gone awry
“: *At school* Asian: 'Man that test was hard!' Me: I'm fucked.”
Pop it for a Mention
- having been ridiculed for aging naturally on daytime TV, I TY for your courageous beautiful article. Just like you! Rock on.
I Beez In The Trap
Despite court hearing and agreement by the city attorney, police are telling Occupy residents to be out by noon, not 4:00. This is bullshit
You have two "superstars" and you let Mario Chalmers shoot the last shot? The Heat are a joke.
wahhh I miss them both so much </333 😢
- open to recommendations - What's sexy?
Omg your so ugly! Just stop!!!
John Dean says the George W. Bush administration out-Nixoned Nixon.
You sneak dissin lame
City Council meetings are like sports message boards for old people. Lots of complaining, ignorance and trolls.
what fool would try to lead you?????
why isn't Garfield in here too?
Can you get us in the press box? Sub-question: Is there beer in the press box? /cc
dear Obama: about damn time you made that announcement. we knew you had it in you.
I think that's just something people tell you to make you feel better lol RT “: that means goodluck ! Haha”
“ “ Going behind peoples back will only get you hurt in the end””
Thanks for keeping the draft somewhat suspenseful.
lol that's not funny, haven't you heard of slim fine girls?! 😜
New shirts coming in this week featuring artwork by our great friend, ! We're so excited!
Thanks, Dr. Janice! RT : What great convo on #InternPro last night! Where else can new grads & old alums share?
So for next year #sxswedu I suggest hash tags per panel and badge stickers personal tagging ie #mobiletech k12 higherED teacher student
Off to get some inspiration from the Band of Horses () at the Fillmore.
Or they're Justin Timberlake and only date celebrities? Haha
Guess I'm dedicated alum! : Maryland and The Mount about to tip off. Family, friends, and the dedicated students here to watch.
Oh Vegas, how I miss you so. Damn, can't wait to go home. End already, school!
Groovy move by the President
Wishing desperately that would play in SF since he will be in CA anyways why not march 29th with Tyrone wells:)
but I'm torn! It's either "The Fan" or "The Entourage" package... I mean seriously, I'm more than a fan. What's the surprise???
it's a cool day and you guys are awesomer! :)
If Community GIS could be like SIMS, that would rock!
Yeah, it was a welcomed surprise and stopped any doubts of that being the main event.
Granted, Sandusky's defense requested the records, but still...what's to hide? I just think this is bigger than most realize. End rant.
seriously, Liking EVERY ONE of your boyfriend, or girlfriend's status' is not cute, It looks obsessive in my opinion, ha.
. slide shows 176K results of a Google search for "crisis in scholarly publishing." That was five years ago. I just checked: now 307K.
I had fun last night! It was so nice meeting you!
When people are sad.....
Also, I plan on filing a FOIA request in the next day or two seeking specific records from the NRC.
I appreciate you're sarcasm. Your the best (haha)
I hate feeling my face turn red during a speech
"God rescued us from dead-end alleys and dark dungeons. He's set us up in the kingdom of the Son He loves so much”
Im soo cold. /;
Super amped about this summer!! God just continues to work in my favor
Trailer Park Boys!
thanks for sharing the 6 incredibly gross foods article.
Highlight of my night, seeing my 7 year olds reaction when he & my bro opened up their gift: lower levels at Rupp. His 1st UK game ever
I think you should come to Chicago, not only would you avoid the traffic, you can also hang with me!
. I find kino very confusing without the standard storyboard layout, but it seems to support everything I need, unlike pitivi.. nice.
What is your name?
I adore you Fernando !
all #bands and #musicians follow me :)
Wanna $50 G.Card from for V-Day? Be 29th Caller when U hear "We Found Love" by Rihanna. 602.260.9750 - yo!
Bioinformatics analysis using G-nome Surfer in today's Neuro 200 lab
why was I not following this dude told me the game of how the internet works with marketing when I was with cool dude
Late night listening with at the wheel: Screamin Jay Hawkins, Mississippi Records mix tapes, new & Jackson C Frank.
I like this song too it reminds me of you and me baby...do you think there's a chance?
Hey Reg, thanks for the follow - come into Velocity Sports Performance NYC for your free trial workout!
just signed up for a 12 seconds account.might as well test out the new flip right?
Tweet me a number and ask me a question... !(: #bored!
when they start talking about how I'd react to the news , im like "bitch Im already dead to you huh?"
Where there is love, there is life
I'm post op pterygium removal 13 days ago: pterygiumrecovery.blogspot.com has everything you want to know from my experience
doing so now.
Fontainebleau High homecoming week a success
uh hello?! The devil doesn't exist! What is this 1692?
Thanks for such a fun day today!
Hello Everyone! Guess what?! I will be singing the National Anthem for the Arizona Diamondbacks on April 19th!! Make sure you tune in! <3 ya
I think he got into some of the Syracuse players weed stash
I already told you
I drinkk the jack daniels gets the partayy going!
How many folks opposing state-mandated health-insurance drive with state-mandated auto insurance? Just curious.
How do I go about canceling my account?
Wiskullsin shop is open post-Brewers game. 1726 E. North Ave. Side Door. Guto and Majew are making a scene here if anyone wants to see.
Put your middle fingers in the air one time
hi Onno ! thanks for the follow :)
Marry the girl if she grows dank this narly as long as she doesn't look like marly!!!
No kidding! Just a couple more meetings before I could consider that. Downside is the state of my inbox after
Google ads don't know what to sell me. What appeals to strange user who emails about Prop. 8, cat urine, sea otters, and Pokemon?
Who was that ignoramous that took his shirt off all pissed like he bout to lock up?? Hittin the chair nshit like a thug lmfao.Have a __/ sir
#TheLorax on Saturday with my family. Extremely stoked!! \'-'/
Dating my missing socks RT Keep losing my bras. I mean how is that even possible? Its not like they fall off totally unexpectedly
The whole bus was dying oh gosh that was hilarious😂😂😂
Byrd's famous Triple Chocolate Cookies! Made of cocoa powder, chocolate chips, and chocolate cream- taste so good!
New everything from coming soon! Get stoked!!! Because we are!
Glad I don't have to watch this much longer
We all have one...what’s your least favorite workout/exercise?
An estimated 3/4 babies who get whooping cough actually got it from a loved one. Protect yourself and your baby!
Walkoff Week for the #Brewers!
#YouKnowItsOn when he wraps is arms around while he kisses you.
If you're voting today, do yourself and America a favor, and vote for The Newt! The only true Reagan Conservative left in this race.
New edition at the bank arena? Valentine's day is gonna be awesome
Türkçe'de 'Wow, my Turkish is really rusty!' nasıl denir?
Hey Charlie! Saw u at the sports club tnight...lookin good man! Best of luck with the show!!!
I was watching PBR(bull riding) the other night. Man those are some tough S.O.B's
Continue to be amazed at the number of amazing themes for wp. A great option for a ministry looking to update their website!
what's good my twigga???
not anymoree ;) LMAOO. i hated gym. -_- i wasnt even playing and everyone kept going after mee HMPPH >:(
RT if you Love and want to marry him!
i love see pic of you cover in cum
thanks for getting our hopes up
Ready to get home.
7 months till I am done with studying forever.
When a girl tells you about her problems, she's not complaining, it means she trusts you.
I won't give up on us, even if the skies get rough. I'm giving you all my love, i'm looking up.
#Np ; Right By My Side ,
Thanks for sharing, Carlton!
My goal in life is to design a website so pretty that people don't need to use readability to make viewing it bearable.
Happy Earth Day!
RT Join our SAM Party on Dec 4th @ 1pm at Georgetown Univ. Topics: hypertension & preventive care. RSVP required
I'll come over! 😜
You need to live for today, because you never know who won't be there living with you tomorrow.
Why don't we get #happybirthdayjulian trending for !!!! Huh?
Enjoyed seeing you guys. Tomorrow will be fun!
got chu boss
My car is my office today!!
Im DDFFINATLEY not ur go to girl when u wanna flirt with someone cos ur boredd
That one I'd call standard fare. Democrats are called un-American. Any Dem pres would be,
Come on Big Blue...
Lebron being in the State Farm commercials encouraging kids to stay in school because "Dreams start here." the irony....
what is air and what is the sword that rips into the breast? / like blood inside/ glass cages of blood
Welcome to the American League #Puljose, Angels & Royals stiil 0 to 0. Money is on Angels.
Why does everyone love irish accents?! Aussie accents all the way. Australian accents > Irish accents.
thought we would have seen more actual veteran #NFL players traded during #NFL Draft; pretty quiet on that front.
are you out tonight?
Masyia in A Daze , listening to Lil Peanut and stuff !
tragic story of molalla hit and run death. learning more about the suspect. uncovering sad details about his life.
so sad u did not win
from your profile pic I think I'll have no trouble finding you at CTIA...
Nope, everything is okay without a follower such as you.
RT if u have an oovoo if u do add me madaali1001
I'm sad, but how cool - Challenge Unveil The New Blockbusters Set & Title Sequence: via
OK, what do I need to do, whose feet do I have to lick, what country do I have to be from, in order to work with you?
#RESPECT RT : trust me y'all gonna get them next time!!!
its called Malignant Narcissism OR "everything has to be about me"
Today's my wife's birthday. I sure hope one of you people got her something nice.
what up kid? you still collapsed did you forget? #######
Think I'm at Karma
Do you actually have any real ideas to share? Or will you just keep attacking instead of designing your own camp.?
I missed 's Ustream for the FIRST TIME EVER!! kill me:(((
you going thru my papers?!? Is this a regular thing, mister???
Getting into a freshly washed bed>>>>
playing Webkinz with is probably the best way to impress people. especially when you wear bandanas on your head.
David Blaine had the best illusions!
a single glass of wine and i can barely get off the studio couch.Resolved: will eat and sleep more in 2012. To bed, then back to work.
what's your email?
Headed to with for some good preso's on new age #media at
So what babe.Its cool.Your mom loves me.
Hope you had fun! See you next time! :)
Looking forward to the ongoing #bitterness bowl battle with May the most bitter win. Cc:
bored and coled
good thing I saved the receipt for that acai berry I just bought. :)
I went to that, too! It was amazing. And also incredibly annoying when people kept hissing throughout the witch's scenes.
I hope the Power get things going again this saturday! LETS GO POWER!
The Stanley Cup Playoffs will officially feature the Washington Capitals.
"Diligence is the mother of Good Luck."
Tweet Tweet Tweet.
Taking my black as to the studio like right now right now!!
I want chocolate chip bagel from Panera Bread
no! i keep telling diego and he always seys he cant so we're gonna have to plan it on out own!
I totally queened out watching the episode of
Desire, ask, believe, receive.
the calm before the storm..."Commencement" will b here soon 5/29/12
: thinking of all the good old times. Can I get a RT? LOL.
Man i need a snack .
We'll be there!
I just finished a 1.48 mi run with a time of 18:21 with Nike+ GPS.
I'll hit u up tomorrow about the game
Nothing's more embarrassing than having a cholo walk in on u peeing.
The worst day ever.
One beautiful day today. Took the bike out for a long ride.
that's awesome
things will get better . I promise .(: && no problem (:
": #Protip Having a basic understanding of geography is helpful when you travel to other markets." .....hahaha hilarious thx
Oh hey Gwen!
happy mothers day to my little big cousin ....u will always be my pig
I wish people would stop taking pictures of their food. The only food that is photographed and actually looks delicious is fast food.
Just pouring another cup here. RT : Good morning! Where's the coffee please? RT -
Getting to old to stay out until 1:30 in the morning with a am show!
does he like his new harness?
#IfICouldWishForAnything is wish to go back in time an fix all of my mistakes.
Happy Birthday welcome to the club!
Robbie just grabbed my arm & used my hand to hit me saying "Stop hitting yourself!" Thank you for teaching him this.
Wow. Can't weather over there make up its mind?
I hate it when you name a git branch something hard to type (like "nononsense"), and then have to type it constantly for days.
being the only president in U.S. history to support gay marriage to earn the young liberal vote? fuck no
where you goin ... Cove??? Maybe ill just come but I'm not sure rod may want to 2.. ill text yu in a lil
I can't wait to see it! The underworld movies are one of my fav's, absolutely love them! :)
On behalf of Roxie, BearBear tweets :I want to talk to Roxie but BearBear can't speak.
Awww yeah Rangers!!!
No doubt marcum is key “: More than just him Marcum and Lucroy have to bounce back. Nyjer has 2 produce again."
I loved "10 Things That Good Bosses Do." Is there any way to contact you via e-mail? Thx!
#WeAreBC RT : GO Eagles! Good luck tonight!
Thanks for the follow!
Just voted for for the NASCAR All Star Race - in part because he was so cool to me when we played paintball!
More like a snail.
Hands on the wheel no uh uh Fuck that
what's on your mind Tisa???
Q: Why does breath have to stink in the morning? I be wanting to roll over and have morning sex, but not have to deal with mornin breath
omg I haven't even heard of it!
Isn't that the truth? Where you off to on vacation?
bobo? LMFAO. How do you get that outta vincent tho? WHAT THE HELL?
is wishing everyone Happy Holidays and is still making cookies...
Eh? I won't be getting it, my computer can't run it. Now, if it is released for consoles as the rumors claim... ;)
stop being selfish ;)
Have an artist flying in next week to record booked 4 days straight loves the vocals coming out my studio
#ignatius recommends asking #god not only to take away our fears of rejection, but even to send us what we fear most.
Economics is war pursued by other means.
So sad I didnt even make it dtown but the westside rocked it associates
Uhm, don't get too excited about my day off-it starts...wait for the jealousy to set in...with a scheduled bandage change for the pups paw.
thank you :) RT #WW Most excellent follows Don't miss!
Everyone is so annoying today omg glad I'm leaving.
TONIGHT @ CLUB ELEGANCE EVERYONE FREE TILL 11:30 LADIES FREE ALL NIGHT!!! $5ADMISSION $3 DRINKS TILL 12 HOSTED BY DJ ROK &
love to invite you to come to Harbor House for our brunch we offer on Sundays!
Will mos def be gettin a copy. Got em all. Way back from the CD with u & ya Dad on the cover. GOD bless
": yes...baseball IS in fact more important than X-Factor....so you can wait! lol" who says otherwise? That's my fightin side!!
Starting my drive to Denver now. Entertain me cuz it's gonna be long and boring
Stealing this MT Shatkin I'm well past the ingenue phase of my career. I'm the hard-edged, raspy-voiced dame running the whorehouse.
Well, you could have a taco salad, but I think those defeat the purpose...
That would be me but I'm totally disqualified by sending this tweet....just expended effort
Good Morning, Twitterverse!
Oh yeah I forgot about him, he'd probably be a 7th/8th man.
Ugh. Can't sleep.
We are open!
freelance though I do subcontract through other production companies.
I just gave up. No matter what I tried same thing happened to me too. :(
Your own CMS, or an existing one? What features did you want to port over?
where's the mariachi band at?
Words I can't take seriously, even when used properly and with the best intent: thrust
Watching the news before 9am = impressive. The obsession = not so much.
nice little cupcakes, precious little cupcakes ...
OMG FUCK YOU WHAT THE FUCK. WHAT THE HOLY SHIT LOVING ANAL SEAPAGE ARE YOU
Human beings are made of body, mind, spirit. Of these, spirit is primary, for it connects us to the source of everything.
Thanks 4 following; I'll follow back. Great articles!
Is it friday yet? This has been such an exhausting week.....so ready to start my weekend.
Be still my heart: playing the movie 'Big' on the bricks!!
Yes - make RTA the sole org in charge of pub trans.
I need to call you up. To talk abt money.
Thanks so much, Pati! Have a lovely weekend!
I love your video's, good job!
This smart young lady just asked me if I needed a envelope for $48.76
Something is wrong when it takes more time to tie your tie for the hearing then the actually court hearing itself.
wouldn't even ENTERTAIN the thought in madden! If u ain't been in a tourny; a REAL ONE, eye want even play u
I can't! My parents are bitching at me to do homework.
Watching Sweet Home Alabama and trying to plan my life. I really need to stop feeling sorry for myself and suck it up. I'm annoying myself.
Britons not up to speed on capitals Not knowing Canberra is the capital of Australia and thinking it's Sydney could be excused but many B
I love 'Girls!' Those characters are so familiar to me. Very real show.
Thanks for the compliments on the show. Album coming soon!
RT : Promoting FB campaign w/ 1 email yields 50% increase in engagement. 2 emails yields 100% increase via
It's our pleasure!
Hmm. Look who's been following who...
i wish he would just leave me alone!!
What Makes You Louis Ass :D
Granger a boxer dude hed put the hands to lebron lol RT : Granger don't want those problems
Awesome!!! Congrats!!! More trips to Houston for !!
I see u love kimmey as much as I do. I am going to be so happy in a few years from now she will be on celebrity big brother!
Not that the eyebrow wasn't already unusual...
Which, however, seems to be a problem....MT iBooks Author is only for authoring iBooks -- no EPUB support at all...
I was going to say it's the college "championship" game for PR students but when I was in the comp, felt more like hunger games
Seriously! “: So, Will Ferrell was on SNL & Usher was the music guest? Am I in the 90's? I want to Surge & play w/ a Skip•It.”
Lord, awaken our endurance so we may faithfully advance in prayer--may your Spirit make us bold in our request and what we do for You.
There is nothing to be loved except my oemahkoe'ers :p.
so many amazing titles! Send them all!!!
#IPrideMyself on how i listen to all genres of music, how else are you supposed to write music without different perspectives?
I like your sexy face. :D
#NowPlaying Complicated by Face to Face /cc
I think what disturbed me about tasing you was how much joy and pleasure she was having doing it ! lol
Getting ready for the Gophs in the #FrozenFour...Let's Go #Gophers!
My biggest memory of 2011 was watching #Kimbrel sob in the locker room after blowing the season for the #braves - #Brewers can do it again
- too soon. i can't talk about it. get back to me in 65 years.
Prejudice squints when it looks, and lies when it talks.
is working with #CitizenEffect for the #Detroit4Detroit program. To get involved contact Stefen Welch.
RT : See the many ways printers, book designers, & artists approached the artistic presentation of the King James Bible....
Chilling high
idk! I hope so though!! I'm kinda grounded so I gotta wait to get off from being grounded!! ):
A guy being a girls bestfriends>>>> Don't exist
Phil i really like this shot or your tea
it used to be cool staying after talking with the teachers lol. But for sure, lets! Do you have a fake or just party?
Haley your in this too!!!!
That moment when you miss someone so much, you can't even handle it anymore so it breaks your heart so much .</3
Hello! Welcome to tweeting, thanks for the follow!
Hello gorgeous!!!! xoxo
RT : Holistic health is the key to true beauty
Been talking to my Bestfriend all day :)
Bro will you follow us so we can dm you
good luck, I'd love to hear what you find out.
How did you get this stuff?
Yeah, I pulled an Ashley and deleted it. :P Awww, they're cute. Money is lame, but it's okay.
Called my dad to tell him happy birthday. He was walking back to the MO-tel. You know, The Venetian.
Hahah how could I forget such an important day in history? :P
is it coming to Indy?!
Live music: even if it sucks it's good.
They represent the last 30 days… black dots mean you checked in, light gray dots mean you didn't.
Icp facepaint is a bitch to clean off.
you will! No doubt! xx
RIP.. Whitney Houston!
will have to look. On iPod now. Easy to use in a horizontal orientation.
Changed my username to something Linkin Park related. It's temporary but I like it.
Feel like I got cooties & spread cooties. Like how Mister's daddy said Shug had the nasty woman's disease! :-/
Happy Saturday to all my followers! Can you believe we survived the first week of #2012?
#66-Richard Seymour-DT-Oakland Raiders
oh kobe.
RT : HAPPY WEDNESDAY AFTERNOON>>>
Found some letters from my grandpa in France during WW2 to my grandmother & dad in the Bronx. Will share them w/ you soon
companies. John Bautista from giving awesome advice on what acquisitive companies are demanding
But look at the depth of our team. That IS Pioli's responsibility.
Poet: Ars Poetica. Like, now. Shit, what piece? Looking for money to put where my mouth is. Tell me what to bring in
Congrats to the amazing graduates - you're leaving large shoes to fill! I know you'll go on to do big things :)
Orlando hosting #MashableConnect. Kicking off tonight!
So awk “: That awkward moment when Megan Fox is pregnant and you're not the father.”
I feel like aching death today. It's not overly pleasant, nor entertaining to read about.
follow me please i love you so much <3 yolo
Paseo Underground at midnight. Come out!
Opportunity may knock only once, but temptation leans on the doorbell.
stay fly till you die!
I just cannot drink like that and be productive the next day.
<<---- Mexican 80's Baby with No Baby. :P
Hi! I keep hearing about you & your research in DH. Would love to hear more about it! Are you still in the area?
Wow sabers if y'all played like this all year you'll be in the eastern conference lead meh
you're the one that i dream about all day, you're the i think of always. < 3
I don't have any contacts in this phone...but really idc to ask either so don't take it personal if u don't hear from me
Dakota, I appreciate that.
Omg I JUST Had That Like 5 Minutes Ago Lol .
MT If u want to prevent abortions, u make sure every 1 has health care, a H.S. diploma & birth control. Not the exact opposite.
Man I'm sleepy
you ARE beautiful!
I can help you get rid of that little boy chest
Hard to believe but we need to sort this thing out over the next 23 hours....
steered I just got this. What's good bookie lol
then you have my older sister who keeps saying, "the jonas brothers are sincerely the greatest boy band of all time"
eeew then it got bloody -- awesome fight though
debating whether to watch an episode of #DarkShadows on lunch or just go into the Burton film tonight blind ...
You're so clever, but clever ain't wise.
Is there a way to just automatically retweet everything that says?! Must follow for all #NFL fans.
It's 245 am. Shouldn't the "adults" in 2024 shut up and go to sleep? They r called sleeping rooms.
RT : Ray Bradbury "I'm 17 and I'm crazy. My uncle says the 2 always go together. When people ask your age, he said, always say 7"
Well damn idk what to tell you um just don't put no holes in the pillow lmao
Dear friend that doesn't speak to me until he needs something, you need instrumentals of these songs burned? I hope you like neon pink.
Silencee is so awkward
#First20SongsOnShuffle #13 Sexy and I Know It by LMFAO... You know it's on your iPod too ;)
Psalm 34:18 18 The LORD is close to the brokenhearted and saves those who are crushed in spirit.
til i actually start school im back home in Kentucky with my parents
Need to clean my room and get my homework done.
You already know their names?! I need a few more weeks before I'm at that level.
Thanks for the #FF shout out! Great War of 1812 picks!
We're finally moving into new prac. space and taylor's got her new Rhodes, so should be a fun jam night!
Something cool is coming out of Orpster in the next week. You will wanna see this.
Swiping to move selection onto desired item in Remote.app+AppleTV is exact opposite of how scrolling now works in all other Apple software.
PPSS Feature Flavor: Key Lime Pie. Come check it out before it's gone :). Owow
Bout to do work.
that's one way
I Need Some Pinky UH-O They Don't Call Me Problems 4 Nothin Hahaha.Its Problems Bitch.
excellent! I'd love so see him live! Shit, that was offensive, wasn't it?
Think I just missed the 71D not tryna walk a extra block for the P1
To quote you shouldn't "run into the wall, outfielder"
Stuck at school :(
yeah i'm sick, lol sick and tired of this weather. Its ruining my hunting.
just submitted my video, I really hope i did good this time, I really hope I've improved
I was Clara in the Nutcracker 2 years ago(:
This is twitter where we go live, hamm, whatever you wanna call it...point is stop protecting ya tweets assnutt!
#ClassActionForeclosureFraud Christopher Legal Group Nevada Nicholas A. Boylan CA FILED! Please RT High Priority
of course im tuning in :) waking up early just to watch it! x
Woke up feeling so sick :( and I have work in a few hours. Ugh!
Thinking about life
RT eats pussy with chicken
Give too much of yourself away and you will be all used up, not enough and there won't be anyone there to share this with.
I'm in hell. We're stuck on the runway in Minneapolis but can't get off the plane because we'd have to clear customs. In the meantime...
Not yet My Friend, not yet. RT I may be too old for this shit.....
Why?D:
(for you, not for her. Faking suicide is a horrible thing.)
Great birthday for son today. Had a REAL Jedi Master show up and give Jedi training to son and 10 of his friends. Awesome!
Even more amazing - #ATL beats Utah in 4OT on 3rd night of back-to-back-to-back.
My goal in life is to meet Oprah. I gotta make this happen...
Good stuff!
Never doubt a small group of thoughtful, committed citizens can change a nation; indeed, it's the only thing that ever has. -Margaret Mead
There is always time for chocolate!
Lol the reds announcer just sounded like the one from major league " that will be a double play" monotone voice
Big kudos 4 keeping us all updated with live tweets during meeting with congressman cummings
Feliz dia a la super mom for the first time!! Te quiero Andy! Enjoy-
I suppose. I just don't want it to be him! I just re-watched the Halloween episode. 2 more hours. I just want to know!
Peyton Manning gets the #Colts back on track last night. Can they still win the division?
Mouthgasm MT Pastrami Melt anyone? NY Pastrami, Munster Cheese, caramelized onions, spicy mustard, potato peppercorn bread
just waiting around for some DNS switcherooing. better hurry because im getting ready to leave.
Haha I got a third message from Twitter that says your following me. Can u say glitch? Have a good day!
everything is good this semester has been kicking my butt so no time for twitter
family friends who live in BR
I wish Haley had an iPhone.
Vernon D!
Share same risk profile, alignment of incentives, alignment of goals - key for any startup team.
a Mexican haha duhh lol 👷 what's this guy
sometimes, getting water to make tea seems like too much effort.
I'm that cool guy everyone talks about
Old School~ Heidi Well do you want me to be honest or do you want me to tell you this is the first time
Through three quarters at Toyota Stadium, Georgetown leads Lindsey Wilson 49-20.
Get me out of this intolerable tedium
Thanks for the mention! DonaldDDiva
no wine? Oh noes! But yeah, that's a nasty red splotch on the radar.
omg. we need to set up a standing breakfast date.
We r upgrading our lights ...
Just got a prayer rug in the mail =)
Good morning pooter! You're looking dapper!
It's Electrik Emily with a "k" at the end, not a "c," 'cause I'm kool like that. :) Ha!
This is a 'must-do' RT : Mobile #Health @ Stanford -> May 4 & 5, 2011. Focus: What really works
we never talked. lol but u know how serra was. 08 stucc together sophomore year
#2011RemindedMe when you're young everything is possible.
so now your stache is literally a shadow of its former glory?
meet u on plane ride to green bay last year for Saints game hopefully see u this year for the game
oh, im sorry. /: I didnt mean to offend you. :(
They love messing with charles!! Haha
National Curry Week...no wonder #Chicago smells like shit today..
The best msg you can get from 13 yo brother is one that just has 17x 'ha's. A slight rib about the size our dads head? Worth it.
congrats on the badge ha
"Early detection is ammunition" Live to fight and fight to live"
What's up twitter
I swear Mrs love has absolutely no emotion expression for her face.
Cosmo cover story on the "boobgasm." I love Cosmo
An iPad! RT : Convinced Mom to buy her first laptop. Budget is 600. What PC should I get for her?
social media startup in sanfran hiring web designer: required: html/css, js & BS in CompSci, b/c nothing prepares designers like CompSci
I had no idea you were such a great singer! Wow! Really love your voice. Hope this finds you well.
proud of boyfriend is fantastic! cant wait for the album and s album cant wait OMG <3
Aced my midterm
yes everyone should heed this
Thanks! Trip home was safe, but totally caught
I was nervous before this game but was relieved when I found out when weren't playing Baylor's womens team.
watching jim irsay and peyton and crying quietly at my desk
it's all gucci
👍the beauty of it RT : You can never tell when a #Capricorn is serious or not. That's the trick.
I'll take that as a compliment, Marc!
(1) Things we ought to do (2) Things we’ve got to do (3) Things we like doing.
you better love what you got before you go and give it away
Super fun! We'll definitely have to organize another one soon.
what? if you don't have anything intelligent to say...
Vikings stadium debate going on right now in House. is a good follow to track it.
Sushi for lunch, sushi for dinner.
Hahahaha...yeah I am really not sure what I've gotten myself into with that!
Yes, lady. Please call your friend back and help your children find books.
I cannot believe Albert puljols is struggling goes to show how mentally tough baseball is
Finish your beer there are sober kids in India
you an put deposits in now! Refundable till may 15th gives you priority. Flights are tough; do them on your own is recommended
ew. gross. ya bum.
So damn goo
I miss when was still jimmy on degrassi those were the days degrassi 101 and degrassi the next generation
No Liberals No Democrats No Biden
ha! yea. what are the chances of that. monday flights from ATL to SFO on 1st daay of RSAC are always interesting.
“: Keep it real brother. #Anticipation is the business” thanks bro much love!
Naturalization papers: Filed! (well, lawyer fee paid... he'll file them tomorrow when the government is open for business.)
#BlackFriday shopping is so much fun! We're buying some insane speakers for some serious surround sound :)
Let's go to breakfast in the morning... IHOP my treat !!
Error by #DerekJeter?! What gives?
Selling weed isn't a job..it's a way to get quick $$$ but you can't support your family that way your whole life
awww, i'm still getting used to seeing you refer to her as "the wife." too cute! :)
cant wait till im 21
A daughter may outgrow your lap, but she will never outgrow your heart. -Unknown
How to make more money and gain personal satisfaction. Deliver something more than "fine". Deliver "Remarkable.". www.clickcom.com
"Corrina Corrina" is my kind of movie.... one of my favorites.
Sorry I've been gone for so long, I've had lots of things going on lately
Kidlawyer is wondering.... if money doesn't grow on trees, then why do banks have branches?
#dead RT : lmfao RT #MyPastRelationships are GONE. Only thing my ex can do for me now is give me head.
says give people an opportunity to connect with you via twitter. Very clear point. it's personal
But Anyways That Cirriculum Fair Was Packed Me N Kaysha Was Walkin Around Togetherr
Of course I'm still here. But we'll work on it. :)
Good old TRDEV-L - one of the first social leaning media.
Don't let them catch up guys !
RT #Libras turn heads when they enter a room, not just because of their good looks, but because of their commanding pr ...
Time for hockey!
I'll be doing that shit when I'm 40 😏
Is The Egyptian blu-ray any good?
Taking a week off from school as I come to terms with the fact I didn't win the #megamillions. Whole-heartedly believed I would win
Aye Shawty what's ya name? What's ya number .. u heard about my age.. Well FORGET that number.. ;D .
What's the best nickname for Thursday? Friday Eve? Post Hump? How about Thristday? Oh yeah! Come and get it!
Cooking channel : wonderful events for delicious and easy dishes. CHECK OUT Paula Deen
Think about not going to my MATLAB class tonight. I'm too excited for my vacation this weekend!
thanks for following!!
Thanks for the RT, David! I appreciate the support. Be well, Ryan Singleton.
when season 2 of alphas is airing?
RT : Congratulations to Stickan for being reelected as Chairman.
Looking for #flowers today? We have everything you desire on 70th & North Ave
Had a dream upon waking that combined Firefly, Zelda, Naruto Shippuden and Alien. Too much sci-fi for one dream? Never.
My day could be shitty, but just seeing you in the hall makes its all that much better and you don't even know.
back stateside after a great conference with COST A32/Interedition
Bob Redman of Scout reports that 2013 forward Chris Walker () will make a decision soon. UK is on his list.
At this damn store getting irritated cause these people moving slow as hell. Damn I'm ready to go home. Lol
yeah i guess thats true lol its still depressing though:P
Start makin a pot of that killer chili y'all! We cant get Hoss to stop yackin about it!
OH YES but it was tulsa i wouldnt expect ANY less right off pine and peoria
if only I could!! You know I would!
I am still behind on TSC When it was boring I stopped watching but now I need to catch up! I'm so upset it was cancelled!
aww how nice of u
NJ #Devils Goal!!!!!!! OT Magic in New Jersey! Lets go
haha! I <3 youu im playing vanessa and i have used the words hoes and fart lol
Looking for an excellent, lowcost Wifi repeater. Just bought the ASUS RT-N10+ for $29 and it rocks. Super simple setup too.
About to rock The Crack Fox in St Louis with Lincoln, NE band ... 16th show of the tour... 3 more to go!
FUN! were you there last year? I was!
We know a few #CBC12 attendees that have access to more. ;)
Fifty Sasha Greys
wow really? That's kinda super cool.
thanks girl!! you too hahhaa and i'm Morgan(:
My Swagger Is Just Out Standing...That's Why Niggas... #CantStandMe!!!
I think I'll work at the beach today. Where are you?
Brit's is far less stuffy -- a much better choice
Awwh My dads gunna get it #WEAK he's about to get beat
I got 1200 kicks them bitches straight from japan.
Whenever I fly to Wisconsin, I truly feel as if I'm home.
With all the politics... Who is your favorite presidential candidate of all time, who never won?
We just broke 200 likes on Facebook!! New music this weekend!
Also, looking back at some of my old tweets, I legitimately have nothing of substance to post to twitter. I suggest you unfollow me.
I'm not bragging on my PWs enough. They continue to own their league. Even in a lackluster effort, still came away with a 4-2 W.
city council is a public service. Refuse your salary and rid assistant positions! Saving city potentially millions!
did you guys change your pumpkin latte formula. I ordered one today - and it didn't taste like pumpkin at all
i can just screw around on amazon all day and never get bored
You need to STOP SMOKING! Try a nicotine LOLLIPOP! You won’t find them just anywhere – call Hieber’s at 412-681-6400
Beta. It's fantastic.
nothin, school. school. and school. u
you ain't kidding. I'm grateful to make it home tho...most important thing
Heroes mtg tonight in Capital Hill to start discussing our fundraiser this fall :)
A poem begins in delight and ends in wisdom. Robert Frost
well it sure is a good thing I don't remember that then huh? Lol
#TomFord have i told you lately how awesome you are and how much i LOVE your line of colognes?! WELL, I DO!
I am reading " The Hour I First Brlieved" by Wally Lamb. So far it's good. What are you reading?
good one! Hope ur enjoying time with the grand kids!
Join us this Saturday at State Fair Park for Walk Now for Autism Speaks!!! $5 of every $20 Milwaukee Card sold will go directly to the cause
"Harry has curly hair because he eats too many carrots."
Focuses more on stretches and lifting, but customizes programs for your needs
I'm down with all 3 of those things!
Randy Johnson?
I knew you were a bot!
Moose Crossing we have made it beauty hotel
you see I had these days of the week underpants, and I thought they were funny. but he was suspicious, 'where is sunday?'
Bad bitches like me are hard to come by.
's looking very COOL
Only 2 mins until this god forsaken Spurs vs the young Jazz series is over and we are all out of our NBA Playoff misery...
Just gave testimony in support of AB 1568 (Hernandez): " believes all forms of discrimination should be eliminated." Passed.
"I watched people leave and then come right back, I never wanted any part of that."
I just DMed u..
Getting some of the stuff packed away and calling other Petsmarts :O
RT : Anyone tell me how tweet about daughter is NOT racist? Didn't think so.
truly enjoyable conversation. Looking forward to next opportunity / next steps.
Take a few shots let it burn In your chest! Partying like its the last hurrah with my classmates!
i just tasted marker not good
I'd go but I'm playing me dear ;)
“There's a sucker born every minute” -P.T. Barnum
Just want to say, I love the President for a lot of reasons, among them his intellect and aim.
'Turn To You' made me cry.
Got followed around in the mall by two dudes to ask if i have any weed
Reminder: It is important to find companies that stand behind their reports. Best not to have them state otherwise when the time matters
RT Pierce been clutch from the cradle...>
Player safety is #1 priority in NFL. Concussions, cracking down on bounty program and...increasing to 18 game schedule.
Ryan is obsessed with thrones. Asked me to start calling him Lord Ryan.
Enjoying beers @ the Thirsty Whale Tavern in Bar Harbor, ME
No! you said want! don't go switching it up missy.
The 2011 Big Book of Colorado Tennis has arrived! If you can't wait for it to appear in your mailbox, find it at your local club or courts.
Not bein rude but I wish my old hoes would stop textin my fuckin phone
I need food, and Advil and coffee. 🍔💊☕
A new chapter started in my life today, time to edit out useless characters.
#FlopCity in a 7th playoff game!
If you haven't checked it out before, you'll have to stop in at Renaissance Books in the main terminal. Great rare bookstore
Wow! Just ran through our list of 53 libraries -- 45 of them have Facebook pages!!
RT : Stock our 10,000th library with children's books. Each RT gives the library 1 book thanks to generous donor.
Itz a select few i actually care about now
"If you quit, somebody else gets to live your dream!"
why thank you, Mr. David!!!
Got a high tolerance when your age don't exist.
Follow vision, mission, not just money (the $$ will come). Kernels of engagement.
You're welcome <3
The purpose of a brand is to personalize. -Major Hood of The Salvation Army.
sucks to suck and . Akhil doesn't even give you a shoutout
People use the word anorexia like its a joke. Its not. Its reality & has bacome the definition of my family & its not easy.
Congratulations to the Japan women's soccer team on winning the World Cup. Proud of the US team - they played well and had their chances.
I just wanna scream...
Woke up to a foggy morning but the sun has burned through for a beauitful morning.
YES!!! Like there is that school a park then my school :D
So, we're back to being a Centre & big Left Wing short.
I've got a six pack & spontaneous bouts of sobbing
Ashton Kutcher is pulling a (bearded and acapella singing in front of a large audience without prompting).
Second photoshoot of the day
Everybody be sure to check out our brand new bandcamp page to stream all our stuff! www.fastcar.bandcamp.com
How with all My accounts ot twitter.??? I Also co edite Please follow me.!
of course its meek mill
I got yu bruh. Type in TankSWP on datpiff. And let me kno wat u think. If yu fucks wit it we can do some work together
Just checking in....did everyone have a good Mother's Day?
feeling miserable.
We also re did some of Hottest Gay Places Pennsylvania visit www.hottestgayplacespa.com to see them
Thanks sir. The one I'm most confident in is my older daughter's game. They've got a strong team.
Happy birthday to , 2k12 prodigy
I hate school
Wassup motherfucka where my money at
#SNCA12 poster is at the printer and will be ready tomorrow!! Shout outs to for the title & for the design work!
Told u girl I aint who I used to b, you can trust me. First day is rocky but smooth, welp 29 more days
Glad to hear. What you going to be doing in city?
I have no party agenda.I am free thinking. I do not have comrades that I chant lies with. We are very different.ur confused
understand why a normal paper length should be abt 20 pages. I tend to lose interest when they exceed 30. I tend to write more though:-p
I'm watching #OldSchool on TBS now lol...I love this movie
Surprised to hear Quinn since they played it at Bethel
running circles around and his grating pseudo-journalism all day
workout :P
Getting my hair cut at The Studio in Ohio City.
#scms12 need to get grads learning how to manage projects to prepare for alt careers
watched florence + the machine on SNL. something weird about her. she's got a great voice-even live, but her performance looks inauthentic
We wish everyone a wonderful Friday and a Happy New Year!
For not having a job, I'm waking up WAY to early! 6:30 day, w/o an alarm - rested, stress free, bored by 10am ;)
Who had a worse off-season, the saint or the dolphins?
Not to be mean or anything but I LOVE YOU! HAHAHAHAHA IM FUNNY jkjk(: PLEASE NOTICE ME(:
Hey! Where are the black people on #Portlandia?
Thanks for the shout – I appreciate the support.
We are also strongly considering getting off our butts to work this Sunday after graduation ceremonies...stay tuned!
"I always wanted to be somebody, but now I realize I should have been more specific."
Awesome. RT : iron sheik the kobe and the pau gasol the nikolai volkoff?
Our commitment has been to provide our customers with unparalleled quality low cost service.Auto Glass Experts 414-409-7263
We took pics at school 2day.I wonder hws my picture
It makes my day when one song can describe exactly how I'm feeling.
Thanks for the RT. Thanks for helping spread the word.
Cats have over 100 vocal sounds; dogs only have 10.
Got to see and touch the biebster himself and the classy UK boys !!! Fun day in LA, time for Roscoes!
Actually lost musical interest in Mariah post-#1s. Nothing she did, really... just my musical tastes changed.
Hey guys its i hit my tweet limit!! :O lets keep trying to trend #HU4L <3 <3
You're en fuego. Exactly right.
Baklava makes me so happy! Favorite dessert EVER.
#CNNHeroes good luck. I love you all...amazing isnt even the word.
what's nel's twitter handle? Thank god pujohls hit into a db!
She is beautiful! Congratulations!
write night with .
whatcha going to see?
check you out!!
MT to find out more about the #MakerFaire coming in August. #MMFEvanston -- tweet your interest 2 - for planning
You're underselling him, man. He has an incredible jump shot [for a politician], and he smokes.
I mean, all the kids think I'm funny, and I don't wanna be. I wanna be normal, I wanna start to try me, a whole person...CARRIE WHITE
wat time u getting there sir? im inviting my people
i see you bro
No one but Ron Paul can bring in that many at a rally.
Idk why but the part behind my right knee hurts :/
Thank you. I am so excited to begin the next phase of my life. :)
BLOODY KISSES FROM POISON LIPS. LEAVE LOVERS DEAD IN DITCHES.
going to sleep to The Doors. nobody will ever be able to fill the shoes of Jim Morrison. amazing man and musician.
the comments on that one are great too (great quotes!)
The static seen on old anaolg TV's is residual radiation from the Big Bang
Nice play by iggy!
Being noticed by is all I'm asking for. (: Amen.
Wow! this is awesome! we're now over 1000 followers! thank you everyone! Show us to you friends!
#TasteofHillcrest is happening until 4pm today!
Janis is giving me a halibut fishing trip in Homer for my birthday in June. I'm gonna catch a hundred pound flat fish....
lol that phone dead im bout to dm you my other number
"The grass ain't greener, the wine ain't sweeter either side of the hill"
Whats the deal over there?
YUM - How are they?
Welp, just got done working a day that started at 9 am on Thursday. I'll be back in the audit war zone in less than 4 hrs. Good grief.
I like that photo of you in the Johnny Cash tie. Was that taken by a professional?
It's the giant fog spiders that have me worried.
Vintage Tiger.
ZooFit is going to turn rapid fat loss into reality for everyone that's ready!
thanks for following Evelin!
Now that I have a moment to breathe after the semester, I can concentrate on the hardest thing I've done in months -- clean my apartment
Thanks for following! We help fund startups/co's that are premature for the banks. I checked out your blog, great articles!
Was at the game.. left after ax blew it..
just grinding ....
and you be!
I have had so much on my mind.
Needed: 8 pg comedy shorts to shoot in 1 day. Produced for funny of die/comedy central. Please send scripts/q's to:
think neimi will find a job?? Where do u think he'll end up?
You can lead a boy to college but you can't make him think.
2NIGHT'S SHOW IS GONNA BE SEXY! #8PM Come see , , , , , and more! $2 beers!
Wait, does he know the topic???
#Brewers game tonight with the RD crew!
need a hot new dress for your next photoshoot? Check us out we cater to the #beautiful and
will it be televised??? if so what chanel and dot sweat it you god playboy
The last #VVS11 happened in Salem MA 300 years ago. Back to the future?
now that is a nice view!
Josh Hamiltons home run last night was 12 rows short of the Ted Williams red seat?
Meditation is best with empty pockets.
Some of the best nights of my life have been on Tuesday!
Don't expect me to hit you up .. Cause it most likely won't happen.
The act of being thankful is a conscious choice...
My friendgirl brUng breakfast in this morning &said 'Happy Anniversary' ..my tru friends are thee best, far&in between, greatly appreciated!
thats for sure bro its finaly coming together , and yes knee bullshit not good
You are my new role model
can't wait to see you either!!
Lala Bear! :( Sucks when u get use to talkin to some one and then one day there out of ur life aaj :( y
“: good morning another day to move closer to your dreams”.... Dreamchaser
i completely agree, but theres one thing. a grown man that said this. GROWN. 30 somethin.
And yet again she tweeted indolent neglect
...is not a white cis straight guy...I'm a mostly-lesbian, bi-curious transwoman. (I am white, but not goofy about it or anything.)
Just got out of work and am so bummed I missed the party was at! 😠 I guess it's jammies and catching up on Glee for me tonight!
of course!! :D
man we gettin ready for this anniversary in August. Celebrating LA HIP HOP also might need a tow
weird how so?
The Raven was amazing. I was not disappointed whatsoever. Best freaking ending.
trying to see this new video!!
avenue with my gf
True. But it definitely helps.
Good answer, my beautiful court reporting student niece! (I'm watching you.) Moderation!!! Good girl!
Looks like a beautiful weekend. Stop in for a glass of wine down by Lake Cabernet or join some friends on the patio for wine and cheese.
there's gotta be more than that, right? For as many jersey cards as are produced of players from every era of baseball?
Lesson learned: have full charge on computer before going to wifi coffee shop
send us yer address.....
cheers, thanks!
do YEAH! By usher ,lil John and ludacris!!!
i mean big 20 lol sorry man.....
Writing about how physician preference for medical-surgical products can drive up or lower health care costs. Goal: high quality cost.
Hey do you know exactly how the yelp filter works? I have a lot of reviews filtered for our clients.
Tired of that "no man's land" type of place where you never hear from anyone. I like the concept of "controlling" your job search
we should invent our own little facebook...
one of the best feelings in the world is listening to something that didnt exist before you created it MUSIC IS LIFE!!
hello MY TWEETERS!!!!!! HOPE ALL GOOD. happy 4th to all of you.!
Almost just got in an accident leaving breaks parking lot....
Good friends? 1. Help you move. 2. Loan you money. 3. Give you a job if they are the boss. 4. Give you a hand when you are down, not a kick
Love muffins breads and cakes ? Swap out the flour and sugar , and add applesauce & oatmeal . It's a-mazing
*singing* gangstaaas make the world go round
Wrapped on a shoot where a CAT was in my presence...I'm beginning to wonder if I'm not allergic after all? Or just wishful thinking...Hmm.
Today was that day when I tried and say something and everything thing would just come out wrong
Strange watery April rains.
even if you like write it down and give it to the 15 year old, please(: is he cute?
People burn me but I still stay nice to them.
I hate when people act better than everyone. God created everyone EQUALLY!
"Some people will tell you you can't,all you gotta do it say,watch me" -Justin Bieber
I gotta clean my room but it's to damn hot in there.
God's ways are not our ways they are not to be figured out; only trusted
motherf*** trip trip sell him on a trip trip dats da kind of dude i was lookin for and yess you'l get slapped
Playing a building contractors convention, gonna open with my Lionel Ritchie Parody Stucco You. Is this thing on?!? Hello!
Rule #1 drunk texting the bands you book... is completely ok if their peen is smaller than yours
perfect your weapon is a leek instead of a sword
For the Green Developers- APIs for the Environment greendrea.ms
lol. ya. i know.
Rude bitches.
Just found the neatest app called color uncovered that shows great connections between science and art. It's free! :)
It looked that way. Our D played amazing. Seeing how hard they play makes me happy we didn't trade them for Rick Nash.
Yep, see you at 6:30
Mission Valley Farmers Market - Every Friday Rain or Shine 3:00pm -7:00pm -Westfield Mission Valley Mall near Target on Mission Center Rd.
“: Pk drama >>” Drama >> ..as long as I'm NOT affiliated with it in any way
Massage increases your circulation which, in turn, drains tissues of excess fluid caused by recent injury, surgery, or pregnancy.
whatever. Haha& thank ya.
All I have to do is coast these last few days of school
I was WONDERING when you were gonna get that thing finished...
The Hult Center, a cultural cornerstone of the community, opened its doors to the internationally acclaimed Shen Yun Performing Arts.
Get $25 Off on $100 Purchase of Transforming Skin Care at Murad ...
thanks for the love
You Unfollowed me ?
Had fun talking with Chris & on about Derby Day Fundraiser this Sat at !!
bout to get something to eat hungry as H*** what to eat what to eat????? lol
Lol all of a sudden I'm a fan of the song 'Birthday Cake' cake cake cake cake cake LOL
Fresh off work.. bouta pass out
No tickets to give away now. I'm going.
RT : Awkward life w/ "
I GET HIGH ALL DAY AT WORK UP HERE IN BOULDER CO. #420 THIS HITS FOR U GUYS MUCH LOVE Y'ALL NEED SOME WATER BOTTLES LET ME KNO.
all good! wassup?
ok thanks & yes it is for my bday. I want cake cake cake.
THANKS FOR FOLLOWING.. I FOLLOWED BACK.
We love the sunshine!! University Village is offering Happy Hour drinks all day long today!
Yeah. No excuse for it, but I feel a little less heartsick than I would've if you had answered differently. Still gross tho.
damn i guess he text you too lol :D Oh shit that was her man too O.o
I was staring at during my workout drooling.
Just wrapped the first half of an awesome film "The Garden"
I wake up and smile everyday because of you I love you babe
Roll Up ✌
Hahaha brilliant!! RT: : Tweet from Alzner March 10th : Me vs Lucic obviously I would come out on top....haha
Former Agenda Director Marty Stein introduces CM Clutterbuck.
wow! Thanks! I really appreciate it
Fear stimulates our imaginations
Tuned in, tapped in & turned on today!! Happy Friday all!!
HEALTHCARE-2008 Heart Transplant $780K You have $150K another insured has $1M in coverage. Who gets the heart? www.theprofittrap.com
so glad you're finally going on vacation!
And this year they didn't play in the NHSI because of the China trip. How long were they bak from China b4 the tny began?
No. He's a HOF. Maybe Kurt won't make the hall.
I sent 5 letters today and have two more mostly written.
