Congrats to your town! Any plans to bring iPads into the classroom as well?
call me maybe.. has been stuck in my head all damn day.
Your wife sounds awesome!
Had a wedding on Saturday, Sunday-Funday, busy Monday, great portrait session today, & now off to volunteer training at the Humane Society!
get this - Allen West thinks shd apologize to HIM? for making him talk about policy i guess. or constituents. or both.
my content marketing system would come to a grinding halt without SlideShare
He'll learn. He must be a freshman.
Not saying Henrik Lundqvist isn't elite. He's top 3. But Rangers defense is amazing. Block shots all night. Physical. Unreal
just call me
I live 10 feet away from the beach & I never even go. Fuck you school.
just got the news made dfw fashion wk
Can I just say, my production crew and my dept heads are fucking amazing? Superhuman. More than heroes: demi-gods.
Some girl told me that I was "undatable" last night... I thanked her for the compliment.
TECHNOLOGY: Top Pinterest Tools and Tips for Music Marketing
www.loveachild.com anything can help!
Its very strenuous and requires a ton of patience trying to talk to someone who studders alot with a lisp and has the hiccups....haha
Just walked past a mass display of wood/flowerpot men. Fucking terrifying.
That was close Thought maybe you moved. Ling live 303.
of course! Was nice to see you briefly...we'll have to really catch up some time.
#Kentucky's scouting report on OSU - "Try not to lose by more 20."
Watching the game with G-Ma and ! Go #Cowboys!!
spare yourself from this coffee! where is MY coffee?? bring it !!!!!”
your so cool
Cotler: While world preoccupied with Syria and Iran nuke threat, widespread repression of Iranian ppl flying under radar
Also, the line "Split for what, a couple of old poopheads?" delivered to perfection by Buzz Gunderson.
I went to CVS to get shampoo and conditioner only to find out that they close at 10. So I had to turn around and go all the way to Meijer
It's a hot day. Arrests increase on hot days.
Please keep my mom in your thoughts and prayers today. She was just sent to the ER for neck/arm injuries after her car was rear-ended.
It's almost 5 a.m. and I'm still in the process of brainwashing my desktop. I feel like I'm putting an old, faithful collie to sleep.
; I look at you, looking at me, now I know why they say the best things are free, I'm gonna love you girl you are so fine, Angel of Mine.
The Matrix came out 12 years ago today. Wow. I still remember sitting in the theatre being amazed
Pauly - "This Is What Happens When You Take Steroids" *Points At Ronnie* xD
im jelous of the people u RT reply or follow...i wonder when my day will come :O i cant wait(:
Yeah they took it a little far. esp with that child model. yeah she TOTALLY looks like the sister.
Capstone almost over
When people see good, they expect good. And I dont wanna live up to anyones expectations!
I miss the good old days.
whiskey bar? What whiskey bar? I'm listening... :-)
Congrats on the SM position at SOA - just saw it on LinkedIn -- best of luck!!
BREAKING NEWS: Special prosecutor says she won't use a grand jury in the Trayvon Martin case.
I'm SO missing! RT : NNNNNNOOOOOOooooo #
Hope these dancers arent half naked bc I'll be in tears lol
4 more days until Valentines Day .. Its gonna be nice for him !
Oh my you definitely need to go back and visit! :D Do you speak fluent spanish?
psh. he's no Mark Whitten. 12 RBI too? THAT'S ridiculous.
The biscotti on Delta flights is amazing. Thumbs up.
I know!!!! I thought about that!
I'm grindin nothin more nothin less she got to respect that❕❕
Next stop a re-vamping of our info page, an age verification page, both of which are nearly done, and then .......more flavors!!!!!!!!!!!
Wow. Recommend.me is a total spambot. Can't believe you spammed my entire contact book when I signed up. So. Evil.
My throat hurts.
Today I'm just going to listen (& reply) to what you have to say. No pressure. Any comments/suggestions/thoughts you'd like to share?
Omg, all these people funky mouths today.
probably a good think I have to teach this afternoon, otherwise it would be entirely unproductive
whats your favorite color?
Got Some More Ice Cream :-)
My spirit animal is a cat with feline aids.
where you be at?
Lmaoo RT : Deandre Jordan literally can't do anything else, Blake's post moves are Kareem-like compared to his
lol she was laughing.
Good question. Maybe go back to the last revision?
Did you experience SHake Shack in NY?
Seriously exhausted. Don't wanna work tomorrow.
Got a secondhand robot. Practically good as new! Just a few nicks and scratches, and a tendency to murder.
I want my boyfriend to come over but I don't know .
is right. Only she can touch me. :) I love her
Going minimalist? Wear your five fingers for 6 months before running in them. When you run, run fast and with good form. Build slowly.
I know I miss you bro. Its been good but hectic. Wbu
Yep. I prefer the Bowers & Wilkins and will hope it's hip to be square.
Guess what - wear LaCrasia cotton gloves in fun colors to keep the sun from yourhands. One of our cutomers told us it helps prevent agespots
If a gang of preppies hold you down and cut your hair, pick yourself up by your bootstraps and go to Pray Away the Gay camp.
I have seen it(
The greatness of a nation can be judged by the way it's animals are treated....Ghandi
what? :P
25 years ago today someone at #espn made a terrible mistake
lol I knoww I love herr
Revealing reporting in the LATimes about the homogeneity of Oscar voters. But not sure that's enough explanation for Crash winning best pic.
I have two sites that I use mailchimp. It's easy and it doesn't charge the small sites. FFTP will have to pay of course.
Some days I'm average. Other days I'm just plain mean. I suppose that's the norm.
thinks that maybe he should actually work for the Bruce Lee Library, if such a thing exists.
no balloons!? Lol
How are you Mr. DOJ JOKE KIlling more border patrol men and women ???
goes to the CREW!! He gets to play along side our good friend Bernardo Anor. Congratulations
Michele Bachman: "No!" means "No!". And "submission" means submission. Look it up. It does not mean "respect".
Lean Enchiladas - Enjoy this lighter, leaner and more nutritious version of a classic favorite INGREDIENTS 1 cup frozen chopped onion...
any graphic designers here? :)
Q4 The scenery, the wildlife... and then eating some of said wildlife by way of super fresh salmon ;)
Time for a hair cut
I'm reminded 1.5 year olds don't understand the concept of pointing at something more than five feet away
You aint kiddin! Where they from?
That's the worst. Feel better!
lol yeehaw. Only you would stumble into country that way!
On my way to be judged. Also to be fed. Gin will be served.
great day to invest in sturdy, durable, really affordable screen printing equipment that will stand the test of time.
Going to be highs in the 90s today!
hell with beer: more gin. Got tied up wit kiddos. Heading your way soon (5 min)
i get my best ideas for anything in the shower. idk why
I have spent my time stringing and unstringing my instrument while the song I came to sing remains unsung ~Rumi
I know it will be amazing cus ur gonna be in it <21
good afternoon school was fun and I treated a couple of my classmates I burnt them crispy
Oliver Finley is running a no catch special where we are giving away 10 Free Haircuts on T/ Wed/ Th just for calling 658 1115 (code SSFBOF)
you dog!
So tired of scam job offers.
Fuck the lies, fuck all the hiding and fuck you, throw it all away and throw it all away
Wow, silence of the big crowd!
peeps ridin with or thru can be a smooth, reckless, dark, blinding sun. pot holes, slippery slopes, icy, foggy...keep drivin!
clay gets 10 seconds of camera time. That kinda sucked
Order sent to What The Tree Said Books in NH!
hola doesn't count cause it's in Spanish. Lol so.....hola
I'll be in LA mid June. Any interest in having me on to talk vinyl toys?
Yes, and I used the fly over tool. Students love that to get a sense of place.
Reading "Living in the Heart" by Drunvalo Melchizedek. Great read. Just watched DVD "Quantum Communication" David Sereda.
My daughter is kicking butt on Virtua Fighter 5. She might even be able to beat me
Substitute barista asked me how to make an espresso machiatto. I changed my order to drip. I don't mess around with my espresso.
One Heart Ministry to hold annual banquet - Alexandria Echo Press
Kobe aint like Jordan he can't play sick
I'm taking Denver over New England tonight. Tebow Time will get started early. count on it. Tebow
I have one members stand available....
Come on down to Hotel Metro for the #MKEfoodies1yr party!
I want to interview you about your experience as an EFL teacher. For people who might want to be jumping into the profession.
What 60s/70s artist other than Smithson & Dan Graham that had original work published in Harper's Bazaar? This is DRIVING ME NUTS.
Sadly, my vote usually goes to the lesser of all evils. GOP candidates looking satanic vs the other options.
You okay?
is researching fall/winter 2010 colors and working on new designs that are being inspired by rest and relaxation.
at least you did it!! great job! you are going to kill that marathon! (I am just now getting over being sore from my race)
Be nice to ur moms this sunday, they made u.
Well, I guess I'm having nightmares tonight... :-(
Wonderful! Makes my day :)
just left the movies
Nothing like starting off the year strong
At a recent college reception for new admits, a student described finding a roommate via online ad. Not good, stick with friends.
#10FactsAboutMe 2) sushi, mangoes or mango flavors, and coffee flavored ice cream can persuade me to do almost anything.
join the club. So broke :(
Dont hide ur feelings from someone if you love them then show it,want to be with them take a chance,bc life is to short to live with regrets
Ah, it could be the context.
For realssss. I think Cody's there.. Not sure tho. How have the screenings been? Anything good so far?
Poker Face on Fuse!
I feel like a Manichean for saying that.
Just so everyone knows Road House is on MGMhd right now.
you don't follow me so I can't dm
Monday nights with >>>
Follow us on facebook.com/wilsonhotamales
To take my mind away from today's game, it will be good to try on Tuxedos with
If I ever have a baby boy, I'd like to name him Charlie. Just so I can call him Chuck Morris.
Oh I'm happy..
keep playing the game until it dont change
The Generation M Manifesto: You wanted growth, faster. We want to slow down- so we can become better.
We hope so! I should have an answer for you very soon!
I had a lot of fun at the holiday party tonight. Lots of fun, interesting folks doing cool things in DC.
Babysitting...again
haha yes! can't wait for their grammy red carpet coverage!
spy on vegas tonight... open bar from 6-9...
Nah Dave, you're cool.
Marty's (take your pick here) older, fatter, slower...
OK twitter world Im goin 2 make an effort 2 be more twitter active. I mean its not like Im doing anything, but making money
Not moved on since that Pamela Anderson crush aged 14? Hurry! On average people fall in love 7 times before marriage!
We do inspections.....
No wonder Youkilis hasn't been "physically or emotionally into the game" - my mind would be elsewhere if I got Tom Bradys sis pregnant too
For booking, email
TrueCompliments decided to lower their letter prices to $3! Take that big-brand card store with bulk-copied-non-personal letters!
LOL, Kenny Powers is still a self-centered, egomaniacal @$$hole & deadbeat dad. And I loved every minute of it. #eastbound&down is awesome!
fuck dat lets shoot it up on the green ur treat lol
Tweeting dean? Yes! RT : RT Dean : Graduation week coming up for Class of 2012 and !
best color ever!
Sad music and whiskey. Makes me as happy as it does sad.
Thank you all for having me tonight!
Wakin up is the hardest part of the day
haha i bet..
*whew* #Giants recovered that fumble.
Well-said, my good man. Well-said!
are you kidding me!?
i dont want things to go back the way they were cuz i dont want my feelings for you to come back
HAHAH all I can say is, belle must have magical powers. Did he get her hogwarts letter yet?
RT": We are LIVE right now with Will Ferrell and !!! It's on!! Woo! #SNL"
Anybody have suggestions for some good websites for workout & fitness advice? Maybe workout regimens & routines?
Fitzgerald says constituents told him to "stay the course this is what we elected you to do" about act 10
5/14-Coming to the stage at The World Famous Comic Strip Live NYC: Dean Edwards
Kreider's better. Yes I'm biased obviously RT : Also I am waiting for the inevitable Henrique-Kreider debates......
I heard I wasn't the Bruhz yet though lol
Thinking about responsive / mobile UX at #drupalcon, and wondering: do we need to bring back the LOWSRC attribute for smaller mobile images?
I wish u could run to me right now:(((
One of the worst last possessions I've ever seen
The best vision is insight. Malcolm S. Forbes
Haircut today. A professional appearance is key to a succussful job search!
#incaseyoudidntknow I AM the lady who found/runs the music promotion page
sounds like some lyrics to me Eddie
That's just scary.
I'd be pissed if someone rubbed cake on my face. I mean, outside of the bedroom, of course. Then it's a-whole-nother story. ;)
#3WordsForYou Call Me Maybe? ;)
Getting ready for 2nd installment of The Ring Cycle as part of my cinematic opera journey. Die Walkyre!
i cannot wait to leave this city ... 2 more weeks
Fuck my life.
especially when people make themselves easy targets to talk shit to. some are more obvious to this than others.
i'm in the very front row. Camel color sweater. Sounds like you're in the back. Let's def say Hello after!
Nothing like watching #Rambo on a rainy day!
When will the March 2012 hardcopy be released in stores?
Literally RT Just remember, money buys nothing
Happy Pi Day, tweeps! Go honor Pi in the best way you know how!
I need mahomie friends to follow me on fb
one time I was getting off the bus and my bus driver closed the door on me
Thank you! I needed some real beat in my life this morning!!! Do you play, are a vocalist, or a writer?
i hope so. im here until sunday
bitch I got 300 on the series
you are adorable. I bet the boys on the playground are just getting in line to date you.
I just really hope Brielle and Erika make it through. Reed wasn't AS good as last night, but let's see!
Wow. Antonio Cromartie will probably go broke today.
Why is everyone in the office giving me strange looks today? Oh yea
sweet, are you free Saturday?
of course!
Sometimes I really hate people. People are stupid.
Tues 11AM The Other Side Radio w/ on 1480 w/ Jeff Anderson Washington Times & Politricks
Do Ya Thang - Rihanna
The roots of rhythm remain
Chilean miners FTW
I was seriously wondering haha
Haha bro I was just joking. I'm not speaking for Thi'sl
Shabazz Palaces is definitely worth checking out. One of the best records from the few last years. Videos are great too.
Still think about that meatloaf MT W/ rain looming, I'm craving the meatloaf w/ bacon marmalade from
Happy Tuesday from the show! DJ Flash brings you throwback hits to complement Troy's commentary until noon today. Let's go!
Awesome, chili dogs are pretty great - thanks for the tip!
Shaqnosis are must cops, I'm still on the fence with the Question's, but i haven't heard about the pair I'm #Thirsty for...the Kamikaze's
Bill Romanowski lets loose on The Herd, "best hit I ever had was when I broke a jaw and had guy bleeding out his ears..."
Idk, we were discussing this yesterday. People seemed to think Duncan would shut down Blake.
trouble with my tweet button count never updating. Is this still a known issue in some cases? OK to have php params in url?
RT : : The real power of this journey was that I don't just #GetOverIt + we all adapt to get over challenge
I simply told him if he didn't leave then I wouldn't either.
Steve Krug has two great books that I found helpful for usability testing
Guys that have no respect for girls<<<<
if your a zombie, monster, ghoul, fiend dat junt bumpin
Let us decide that this day is a wonderful day to discover in every moment who would God have us be in this very moment.
#Coworking is not Co-working. It’s an independent movement that doesn’t want to be separated by a hyphen! cc:
Ok, I'm following… Now what? :) Entertain me like you did at ScareFest last year. LOL
Yeah, I knew it was too good to be true. I'm ready to go home.
Yes. Yes I am. RT : But is so irresistibly juicy
I urge you to comment on that blog post. please correct them, it's possible none of their professors will
Blake played on the best HS team I've ever seen (Miami Sr.) - 12 Division 1 players, 2 NBA guys (Blake-Haslem)
their thanks is the points you give for the follow, but it's cute you thank them
ah yes, the entertaining chatter of voters waiting in line
only 14. I up to about 50
Yikes RT : One constant with all of the power-play configurations: They're not scoring today, either.
thanks for the props Pita Bros
good question!
iPhone-because if you have a PC, iPod & iPad you can use iCloud to sync./access to your info./apps/pics on all devices at anytime.
I need tonight so bad. For my own self esteem hahaha
Then what happened? RT For those saying "MJ never missed free throws!" He missed against Cleveland in 89 to win the series in 4
For Your Luxury & Exotic Car Needs We Offer: Maybach 62, Rolls Royce, Lamborghini, Ferrari, Aston Martin, Porsche and more!
It's all about the headbands
SEC tourney and NCAA regionals must not be then, huh?
Thompson out at Yahoo. Finally
#nabshow in #lasvegas Airband offers #wirelessfiber options to Radio stations in any of our 18 markets
Missed you tonight!
RT : I personally don't give a sh*t who's DJ'ing or not, do your thing! Few will have my respect.
When i sit and think about when a parent dies...its a very hard struggle..u feel like u gotta rush to grow up and mature.
HUGE congrats to and the team for winning #Internship Program of Year for the 2nd time in a row!
good guess!! Rusty Varenkamp is producing!!! :)
For the record... The Shareski home is gorgeous.
love the Coca-Cola Christmas advert!
Happy Birthday<3 hope you have a good one :D
it's all good :-) I wasn't banking on it. And hell yes! Duet!!!
RT : Suspend my campaign in a cryogenic chamber so it lasts forever.
Baseball: Memorial completes sweep of rival Bellaire - Houston Chronicle
Share with us, too! RT : Do you have any #WaterWednesday tips you truly believe make a difference? Share them with us!
Good deed for the day: buy a cd off a random struggling rap artist
I hope this summer will beat all of my past summers. :) I have a really good feeling it will.
I appreciate/value Kevin addressing the tough stuff in the Q&A. Great leadership quality.
Lmao! Cousin I was real smooth with it swear but they def tryda toss my little a** and was in the freezer for 10 min lols
RT : RT : Q1: How do you think Twitter Chats can be improved?
I have a big softball tournament coming up in a couple weeks can you wish me "good luck :-)" please?:D
No way in hell I haven't received an email in the past three hours!! Vacation from email I guess...
Never get comfortable in a relationship cuz it could end as quiccly as it began...
Fast & easy! I trim & rinse, wrap in cello & microwave for 3 min. Serve with NF yogurt dip or Ital dressing. YUM!
If I knew what I was doing, I'd be doing it right now.
yes definitely. Id be pissed if I wasn't in the front
Hey Mahomies What's Up
Everyone is talking about working from home jobs. Whats the big ...
Whiskers! I want to stay in bed! Have a good one , ya'll. :)
Damn this dude took those shots like a beast...he lost but damn
All the subway sandwiches I ate losing weight! I ain't mad at Jarred but they need to do one on Derrick!
#ireallywant to be happy again.
Can you please clear up the rumors about using the Facebook "like" as a giveaway entry method being against their new policy?
Reno, where can I find gelatin sheets? Already tried Whole Foods. No luck.
Until Rick Perry proves he has America's best interest in mind, he should not get a penny of our $$
Anyone have awesome/life saving project management tools they are willing to share? Particularly tools geared towards group collab.
HELP HELP SOMEBODY CALL 911 MINDLESS BAY HAS LOST HER MINE TYPING MUSUC LYRICS HELP LORD I PRAY TO U HELP HER
are some of these illustrations in the public domain (the ones from before 1923) or are they all copyrighted?
That would be great, I loved baldurs gate
yeah it's a wee bit strange..i try to keep inspectiv's feed focused on CX related content (cont)
Love full metal alchemist and Bleach lol
yea teedy long jk im just kidding wats up girl
Just saw #RightByMySideVideo, Love that Song!!!!!
Friendly democratic reminder: The deadline to register to vote in this year's PA primary is tomorrow at 5 p.m.
Happy 3rd Birthday, Bella!
This is horrible
omg I totally thought I was already following you! Done :)
Lack of demand for iron, no railroad infrastructure, orientation of iron, and the significant amount of waste make the mine a uneconomical.
Our Shawn Kemp's Kids team photo will probably be framed, or at least end up on my refrigerator and stay in my heart
Set the coffee pot. Never got any. Well, fuckersticks.
A penalty had to be handed down; I do feel it was excessive in terms of losing their coach for a full year.
Reports out of Dallas say that Morris Claiborne is a virgin after he was the first #blackguy taken this year that didn't have a kid.
A challenge to women... Get uncomfortable in a conversation about social & economic issues across party lines.
Success without hard work
Women's health funding ban lifted - Longview News-Journal
Ball so hard my tonsils hurt lmfao.
Drink tequila
that's a bold statement, even when referring to me
what apartment fool?!
studying. U?
“: I believe therefore I act! #STUPIDFAITH” //Say that!
Enjoy the movies...&snacks! Make sure u get your money's worth...especially since u had to take out that 2nd mortgage for it.
RT : Savvy marketers are seeking the holy grail of creative: code once for all platforms, then add device specific features
#kids Walk for LIFE: Walk for LIFE Saturday, May 19, 2012 at 10:00 AM South Park Buffalo Drive, South Park, Pennsylvania 15129 United States
This team just isn't good, mediocre at best!! We fans support this team faithfully and deserve more! New owner now!
And black pumps...
Guess there's only 9... never was a math person.
Sunday? you go girl!!!!
Chachi's Twitter is
Chilling in Santa Monica with my girl for the weekend
30% hahaha it keeps getting better
It's a good thing Jesus loves the Church, because otherwise we Christians would've killed it a long time ago.
from JD earlier RT : eco-moving - get rid of as much stuff as possible before you move = less to move, less impact
A virtual "Cheers!" & thanks for the retweet, , , &
Wow... Impressive implementation of 'Signals'! Congrats to the $STWIT team!!
dominos artisan pizza.. gotta be the biggest rip off ever.. seriously. the thing must weigh 4oz. and tastes like shit.
Thanks to an office discussion on emoticons (again), I'll be spending the rest of my afternoon trying to make the :-/ face.
get ready boston techies, is headed your way from austin and you'll be better for it. bad loss for atx. cc.
Having to wait until 8pm is the only bad part about being in vegas...
Stopped in Barnes & Noble at the mall to buy a newspaper. News flash! They don't sell newspapers at the bookstore.
BAD BITCH MENTALITY....UGLY ASS FACE...
Cops is only good when someone gets tasered .
tell your I said happy mothers day!:)and we love her 2!<21
Getting so excited for Miss Amy Kaspers Bachelorette weekend in Chicago this weekend!!
ALPHA NEWS: Eta Lambda Wins Southern Region Alumni Chapter of the Year
i don't wanna go in the morning for tutoring, but i have to pick my grade up in chemistry ughh.
Great day to be a new yorker interested in both advertising and international relations. Off to for Advertising week, then the UN
“: yea. Lion king, Aladdin, pocahontas, Mulan, and Finding Nemo” on DVD?! Let me hold them lol
Sweating my balls off on this #megabus... get me some air!!!
I've never kissed anyone in the rain.
solid. timoreilly- Repeated at #pdf10, : activism beyond registering collective opinion; get people together to DO something
Easily Greinke's worst start at Miller Park this season. Did he take the foot off the gas, or struggle through a hangover from last night?
A #cat in a hurry can #sprint at about thirty one miles per hour
Let go of everything you know. The destination lies ahead, and we are not alone.
Love it.
confessions video uploading now! Thanks for the shout out girl! Been traveling all day without wifi.
Assuming he wins the job over Colt McCoy.
wow! That is at least a decade off, probably more.
Thanks guys for the RT!
in a way i don't want other people to notice austin and for him to become big but i also want his dream to come true <3
atleast you don't have to play with under classmen!!! Ughh she pisses me off so much!
oh how I miss those boyzz
Parenting tip #427: never let a toddler control the pace of your morning walk.
check out Travie McCoy as well he's in that band. Pretty decent CD.
thanks for the great write-up of Reality with on
I would be worried about the combination of cloud-attached collars tracked by the NSA
I don't know what to wear
Mall then show tonight with Heather and Archie. :)
what a fabulous film and amazing team of the sweetest cast and crew :) :)
You'll never see me thirsty for the "D"
Thinking should I get My baby from daycare early & go home
NP. Gr8 to see on tm side, esp coming from player & brand/org side myself. Actually have a related non-profit to send you info on...
in the back of Betsy!(:
Live from Woodgrove High: Discussing photography with students this morn. The school has an impressive art space!
Oh my god!!!!! you are so far awya from me :( i wish you would come to Texas. i heard your songs and i fucking love them!!!!!
Something's gotta give
Used to be charro
this Chilis commercial looks great. I must be drunk... again
There's too much drama everywhere. I'm trying to get away from it..
lool RT : he's busy gezz o petts give him a break
dude dnt no one hmu no more dog...
#askniall What's your favorite kind of cake? I need to so I can bring it to you tomorrow in Detroit! I'm excited <3
Agreed! Wishbone and Nookies are also fabulous options.
loves it when you rub elbows with celebrities....
Rather win in February or March? Mounties struggled in Feb... But now undefeated in March. That's why they call it Madness!
They are such hearty little ones! We think it's Celine who has changed her coat of orange for white!
Did he just show up at the door? Weak in the knees!!!!
I wonder why there is a construction barge in the Charles. Somebody building a new dock near MIT, perhaps?
wow bold lol but true
Almost any guy can look good on a motorcycle. You wanna see what kind of a guy you've got? Watch him walk through a spiderweb.
Why oh why is it that fillings have to fall out on the weekends??
that good hows work n r you happy?
Just got some bus tix to a client near
We are now OPEN! Come visit us! Lots of books, great views, great space! Right on the Oval on campus.
Oh. My. God. Bet you'll never forget Sweden;)
morning thanks you do the Same
yeah, this is happening hahah
did you ever find a good stream?
Quick! Somebody get me to a doctor. Watched #KONY2012 and had to call in sick from work cause I'm barfing all over the place right now.
I'm in the same boat.
im bout to go to my friend jaron's house cya in a little while
Ain't no mountain high enough to keep me from getting to you. Unless its an actual mountain, then fuck that.
we need balloons.
There’s a lot of really, really boring stuff in the world. Dust bunnies. Status meetings. Tax forms. Flossing. How do you fascinate?
Sharing lovingkindness &honored 2b MT/RT'd by you:
Watched 5 minutes of Hoarders and had nightmares that our home was filthy. Will not be watching that show again!
Well La Salita Nation...the line has formed around the building...again. Come on by tonight and enjoy our Friday special...Carne Adovada!!!
A girl from my class in grade school is now married and had a baby today. Lots of feels.
Thanks for following!
I gotta invite to join the Obama campaign on their trips to Wisconsin & Iowa but i gotta work ugh!!
4square pastor just tried to solicit my pest control biz & big cucaracha pic in email-EEK!!
That's crazy! You should be super proud of yourself. That looks REALLY good! :)
woah there turbo , dont get TOO full of yourself !
he might as well go back and fuck wit converse
This may be TMI, but I gained 5 pounds and my boobs feel awesome. Have a nice day ;)
When boys cuddle and talk to you until you both fall asleep. ♥
OPEN REHEARSAL AT 3PM THIS SUNDAY. MURPHY FINE ARTS CENTER (Morgan State University) STRING PLAYERS FEEL FREE TO DROP IN/JOIN US!!!
i booked a pilot today! keep up to date at www.josephmancusoactor.com
LOL I LOVE THAT SONG
Today's Get Energized tip: Maintain your heating equipment. Dirt and neglect are the top causes of heating system failure.
check out my zombie apocalypse website for more survival tips, and to become a member and post your own tips, www.sandovalnation.webs.com
#BASS #Dubstep #FSEDM RT : Wub wub! Hear that? No it's not Charlie Brown's mom. It's a new #FullSailHowTo Video: How To Create...
Merry Christmas everyone have a beautiful day :D
u from nyc?
I need our three newest fans (who responded to yesterday's tweet) to post a comment on our FB page so I can issue your prizes. Thank you!^CH
will ferrell sounds like google translate
Let's go Soriano!!!!
Look who is here: ! Welcome to the Twitosphere!
Expect Haywood to make a decision on coaching in the NFL or College for this year very soon...
I know I didn't just waste over two hours of my day dealing with an adult-bullying situation. Name calling? Really?
You can't overlook the smaller search engines as well
“If you’re lucky enough to find a guy with a lot of head & a lot of heart, he’s never going to come off the field second.” ~Vince Lombardi
dude.... YES i'm obsessed :) but jamey carroll is kinda rude haha
Brenda Linares says hi to all the CSUN Alumni. Go Matadors!
question: can I cut a bitch?
Um yes!
SMFH..BOTH SON!!??
big decision: what are you going to eat?
I'm w/ The Husband, first time, so far so good!
"Most of our obstacles would melt away if, instead of cowering before them, we should make up our minds to walk boldly through them."
In the hopes of a brighter tomorrow.
: contesting digital dualism is as much a political cause as an epistemological one
If I voted I would have went for the Pettitte win over Smoltz in 1996. Just an awesome performance.
man we bless enjoying kc. my lil man is already standing up and he's only 4months. First round draft pick lol on the way.
Hearing angels sing because you found nutella >>>>>>>>>>>
time for the bruins to put up or
i will keep dreaming tell my dream of meeting the boys (1Direction) i would love to but mabe 1 day i will i hope i do i love them4 ever <333
MAD MEN ACID
Developer proposes 260 apartments in downtown Ventura
With recent promotion comes a new station assignment. Starting next week, will be leaving the East End for the area just north of downtown.
I have mastered the art of treading the fine line between 'asshole' and 'douchebag'.
well there is still a spot for you on the team. If you actually want to play!
A doctor told Tim Tebow's mother to abort him. His parents said no & that God would make a way.
Are we going to see a WazzzUppp commercial tonight?
Next month is elementary graduation the September he'll be in middle school
Shook sum dude out of his nikes 2nite!
4 hour drive
bluesy-adjective bluesy music has the slow sad sound of blues, which developed from the songs of black slaves in the southern US
ive been good hon wats going on with u
We are sometimes as different from ourselves as we are from others.Francois de La Rochefoucauld
“Destiny is not a matter of chance; it is a matter of choice.” ~William Jennings Bryan
loved the show in Milwaukee tonight!!
Shit...timeline. And here I was thinking they let me slip through the cracks.
True Freedom dawns with the realization one has never been free.
Our recent EP, New Demons, has now officially been re-released on Phratry Records. We'll have it available at the Cactus Club this Sunday...
I have something u can take if u need 100% recovery! U know I'm the bowel expert.
RT : You know i really want to forget... But if i do. How will i remember you?
Loving life is excellence
I have this provocation operation (po) I've been kicking around...
sometimes I'll try to take a picture of myself and I'll be like ew. so that's why I'm single.
Every good TV actor starts in Law and Order SVU. Dwight from The Office, Phil, Claire, and Hailey from Modern Family, etc.
It is quite possibly raining cats and dogs. Or high toms and crash cymbals. Go, Mother Nature.
easy brother, elated about rangers, love them
Gonna go upstairs and get my read on. Taking a glass of water with me!
": Marvel over DC, any day." RT
we got hacked
just made a movie called depression check it out it's awesome go to my youtube channel frederickhj13
I'm sure you'll get everything straightened out. I'm looking forward to it, too. A muddy mess but oh so fun!
New York City's Coolest Interactive Agency - THANKS!!!
dang that avatar photo is DOPE!
- Huge thanks for restoring the power so quickly on Bainbridge - always appreciate light/heat in the morning.
Congrats 2 Bubba Watson on his win at the # Masters.
We're excited to have you try us out - great to meet you tonight!
I'm so happy to just be making jewelry!
Lol .. You right !! And I'm off Friday & Saturday so you can spend the night !!
don't cuss at that's to far
Fradette cost BYU the game? No. He's no their entire time, but a big part.
Do you like or dislike John Morrison?
Bad customer service is such a no-no
welcome! That place is awesome!!! Two words: chicken salad
A beautiful day today!
#TOPMUSIC Multi-platinum alternative rock band Deftones have announced a summer tour supporting System Of A Down. The two-week summer jau
#citjob is help desk (appropriate for AS-CIT pro grads & students). #dbjob is for database students. #progjob is for programming students.
I'm reminded daily that life is out of my control. Struggling to force your will on life. Leaves you angry when life doesn't go as planned.
Director Susan Anderson says people want equity. The City's job is to work w/partners to leverage our tools to make it happen.
It's so cold in Edmonton! Reminds me of when I lived in the Windy City!
we are so proud of our designers! ThankYou everyone!
All right. I have been up for 22 hours today. Bed time.
If my charm and charisma fail me, I'll turn to beer. Or I could just start with beer and phone it in.
should be great RT : Only a few more days until conf in SD! who will be there? Let's tweet up!
hey Harlan, this is actually being coded as we speak. Thanks!
thanks! Lol, u def da' man! RT “: you're twitter background is sick nasty. #youtheman”
no--missed it! :( lots of events this week/weekend = ridiculously early bedtime on Sunday.
my phone is on it's last limb
We loved him. Looking forward to hearing the new song.
at least there's an attempt
Not as fun as Cisco telling you parity errors that reset crit 6500 supervisor could have been caused by sunspots :)
Glad you enjoyed it too! RT : Wow. The Strong National Museum of Play is NOT just for kids! I needed more time!
too early to panic, but some teams should definitely be concerned
''Do you wanna have a slumber party in my scary basement.''
hurry home boss
I'm talking about fraternity and sororities.
Connect today with the person you keep thinking of....it could make their day.
Wait, what?! How is that possible?!
Sure did (:
'I hate when government programs patronize poor people.' That would happen if more restrictions on purchases through SNAP. -Craig Gundersen
Given circumstances and previous performances of this group of players, elite 8 was an achievement. Got to do better, but proud
me either...
Have you changed your mind?
. I'm currently almost done with Hold Me Closer Necromancer by Lish McBride, which is awesome. (And so is Lish McBride.)
I want a house in Cali, Aussie, Ny, and Italy. Y? Cali and Aussie beaches, Ny is the hometown, Italy is a land unknown :D
Robot Unicorn Attack!
First game at 5 TW vs MN..Battle Border at the High School level. It doesn't matter it's for bragging rights. #border battle
thanks! I came up with it during chem.
The weather in SoCal is totally bipolar!!!
I wish my dad let me go to prom..
you should meet me downtown tomorrow while at her shoot.
alright then lets go!:) do u know how to get there?:)
Had a blast earlier today at weekday morning lakefront soccer. We started in the rain, but then the sun came out. Great fun & exercise.
obvious problem of linking rights to marriage is domestic violence/ abuse - to leave the abuser is to then lose basics
to say Delaney would undo the last two days says that he knows he sounds stupid. He doesnt care as long as he has his precious
GOD FUCKING DAMMIT I'M SO SICK OF SHIT NOT WORKING CORRECTLY!
A guy would sacrifice his money for lunch just to get you a couple of roses
You're know you're a professor when Christmas music reminds you, not of loved ones or sleigh rides, but term papers and final exams.
I'll show you brave! I wont! "Re-Post" that! just typing "repost" PISSES ME OFF!!
It's a fri night CUNY library kind of night. Gotta love grad school.
Alan Kay on the structure of the liberal arts into separate departments: "That cannot possibly be a good idea."
skirts are fun. When I am not feeling good (depressed), it feels fun to dress up - even for no reason and just be pretty! :D
I gave you power - nas
How could you not like Chris Brown?
You know who Romney needs to weigh in on this whole OBL issue? Cheney. The American people freakin' love Dick Cheney!
I think we're the only people on earth that remember that show
changes/to everlasting
Searching for a reason why a single, child-less man in his 40's would drive a mini-van by choice.
Still, it has an elf-like sensibility, which immediately makes me tune out.
tell me about it.
Do you feel beamy today?
You, too! Do you guys celebrate Mother's Day in Spain? I always assume it's world-wide & that's so American-centric of me.
haha! no, someone quoted him, and I should've made an indirect quote. What poor academic integrity I have! :)
I honestly have no idea what to do with this free time...looks like spring cleaning, reading, writing, and relaxing this evening
WHO WANTS TO TALK TO ME. I'M SO UNLOVED.
Fiona Apple is trending. I will confess to owning two of her CDs. #howmuchofthatwasoutloud?
dont mess with mister booze
Great tradition @ MG Invite. Girls from host team present medals to top 6 boys finishers. Saturday the boys present medals to the girls.
We can tell you are friendly :)
“: Knick legend and 4x All-Star, Bernard King, is in the house tonight.” give him a uniform to help these team please!
I shouldn'tve given you the Geoffrey....that was a mistake.... Get him to the Greek
You need a guy who will see you wearing sweats, hair messy, and no makeup and the first thing he says is, "damn you look beautiful."
Help us trend HUSTLERS LOVE ATL?
Let's go TarHeels.(:
EVERYBODY WATCH 10 ON TOP ON MTV TOMORROW! CODY IS GOING TO BE ON IT :D
In case you missed it - we announced the winner of the Ducati at : congrats to Patrik Kiley! Thanks for participating everyone!!
I don't suffer from insanity. I enjoy every minute of it.
The better angels of our nature.
RT : I had a great time in 2010, and talk up the ASI every chance I get. Excellent theme for 2012!
hey could you follow back please?? (:
It's actually really nice to see all the members of Congress mingling and greeting each other as friends.
much better now. thx.
Oh, Sharon, you won't regret it. It's awesome...and I hear you about the landing page...but, you can do it!!!!
with Gates out do I go with McMicheal or M. Lewis
OHMYYYGGOSSH, you saw us? Hahahahaaaaa, time seems to pass by so slow :( I didn't see you!
life is what u make it when the chips are down.
I Need A Drink Right At This Moment.
Alma Media´s Interim Report for January-March 2012: Acquisitions increased revenue, digital business now accounts for ...
didn't end up going to Proof. The bday girl wanted to go somewhere near the restaurant. But I still have our pic from '09
The new site looks and "feels" fantastic! Love the new functionality.
Karl #Rove just threw $1.2 million at strong Democratic candidates in five states, his sixth multi-state ad buy.
Off to the BMV on a rainy Saturday morning. What could be better?? ;)
Gotta wake up at 445 and I can't fall back asleep
Any better luck? RT Getting there! Been lazy the last couple weeks ;)
: Digital objects in the real world-- catalysts for real conversation?: wp.me/s1AO1z-repudo And did you finish Mixed Up Files? :)
follow back lmfao
....and only the truly gifted can do all three .... :)
just bought your album from ITunes, love it. Thanks
lol AYE NOW
i wish. I think this time around its a plain lack of drive
Great job to everyone who participated in the Kemah Extreme Home Makeover - What a moving show!
Thanks for re-running the Signal interview with Mr Delirium! We're honored to have had Milton Kent & Nathan Sterner on our show!
The new Westercon.org site looks fantastic. Thanks for all the hard work.
Wow that was amazing!!!
I'm happy with the Timbers draft. A little sad to see Kenny go, but think that this is going to be a great season in PDX!
If I had that job I might start smoking too.
Come morning light, you and I'll be safe and sound <3
Smile, that's what makes you beautiful :]
As A People live tonight @ Grant and Green, SF. 10pm set.
#SCHOLAR Top Of The Morn'n G
Our Coffee Sleeve ads are distributed to these coffee shops on every hot beverage they sell.
teachers call it CHEATING we call it TEAM WORK.
We've had new users join the Foster.ly website every day since February.
#Halstead is new york #real estate softball champs!
love you beautiful! xo
I do prefer things that way - calm & cool - just makes life easier.
haha i was not bored! i texted you cuz i wanted to see you!
Thanks homie! And yes!! I have more to come!!! On my soul!!! Y'all keep gettin' it in.
Its my senior year.
The lrt is for all my "h town" ppl
Today in 1970 the first Earth Day was celebrated! Volunteer to help clean your local park!
~~Stage Freight Strategies Part 4~~ 8.Absolutely memorize your opening statement so you can recite it on autopilot if you have to.
I just shattered my iPhone screen. For probably the 15th time. Literally. Why the #€£% do I have such stupid luck like this? Uuugghhhhhhhh!
We'll get it!
Lets merge art and fashion...
I like you. Let's hang out
I been knew that, lol
Going to the 'Basketball Wives Reunion' this Saturday. This should be interesting. Let the exploitation of WOC and #ratchetness begin.
get us a #flattopfeller license plate and I will pay for your first born's wedding.
sorry...leadership. Tons of reviews in my site and on Amazon. The book title is GET IT ON!
Daylight Savings is like a step dad asking to be called dad. It'll always be an hour earlier to me!
#RT who wanna text me:)
the Chiefs will rack up plenty of wins now that half their team isn't on IR anymore. Trust.
RT A writer who waits for ideal conditions under which to work will die without putting a word on paper. E.B. WHITE
ah! Love Norman! :)
": I hate using Adderall for my exams."
Maybe can set up the trip
follow me back please?
#shoutout my brother >>> ...we shared tha same womb nd all that
a no hitter where a player on the same team hits four home runs! It could happen...
Research's answer to fulfillment is: autonomy, competence/mastery, & relatedness. ~ Jim Loehr #ASTD2012 [snds like 's DRIVE]
Kobe is such a baby
Location scout all morning. Must stretch properly as to not pull my locating muscles.
YO TELL ME WHY TWITTER IS POPPIN DOE FAV IF YOU AGREE
Goodnight Jacob . Love you ! 💙
it's a kinda day... it's all about the C-U-N-T.
I Love my bro.
Yeah... Sigh.
RT : Day 2 - which #SMWLA panels are you headed to today??
Steelers! Let's go!
what are these weird quotes your saying ha
yaay you're back online :) i wanna give my condolence to you for the passing of your mother
Yesterday......all my troubles seemed so far away.................... Now it looks as if it's here to stay....... Oh I believe in yesterday.
Students from Westside Montessori are touring Mapping Our Tears now. They will see artifacts & learn about eyewitnesses to the holocaust.
so lame! Lol
no doubt, I truely love the love. And we gonna continue to put the "Rich" in the books! Period!
I just set my alarm for six AM, with serious plans to make cinnamon rolls for breakfast. Thanks to #ABin5, it could actually happen!
Thanks but to whom are you referring? Whose accent??
The Vow was good, not what I thought it would be but good.
u be flexxin in the XXL! Lets Work. Were I send my info
Time from a drink
since i'm on the clock i'll have to settle for a frosty
You better call Tyrone !
thank you, I feel very blessed as well, love you dear!
Sometimes I wonder, what would do? Thanks for the follow. Say hi to Joe and Jill Biden.
i runnin off no sleep
we're now following you! hows the desktop doing?
thanks for the #ff!
Brunch tomorrow 9am-2pm! Check this customer favorite out: biscuit with ham, crispy oysters, 2 fried eggs and hollandaise
Seriously... we still had Upshaw on the board? I don't get it...
I don't get out till 530-6
Thanks for jumping on! RT : listening to the Sports Bros from Murfreesboro, Tennessee
2009 Pew survey in Egypt, Jordan and Lebanon showed favorable views of Jews at 95%, 97% & 98%, respectively!
morning showers are so nice
pretty sure I never did that..no need to make things up!
what you got on the agenda?
The knicks would have been better off if carmelo would have never come back. Anyone agree?
There should also be one for #MyCrazyCat - MY crazy cat tries opening doors and has gotten pretty good at it. :)
When Chris tells you and his Mr.Bentworth idea:) 2 quads No lights And glow in the dark things #amazingidea 
Hoveround takes me where I wanna go.
Being a former banking institute, we have a great relationship with many of the financial institutions in downtown #Boston!
aw yea true....gotta be safe!
I'm writing a lot, so I'm on a 9am-5pm sleep schedule. And people think it would be hard to be a vampire.
tonight playing music from /crownradio
Great! Thank you!!
Do Chinese people get English sayings tattooed on their bodies?
If I'm going to sacrifice part of my hearing for the rest of my life I at least want the sound to be good. Article coming soon on subject.
Falcons bring hope to troubled Atlanta neighborhood - Washington Post
My little sister keeps saying Sheeran like Sheerman. LOL. I'd like "I DONT KNOW WHO ED SHEERMAN IS"
Had my second Lance Armstrong sighting this morning. This time...he was shirtless. *sigh* I love #Austin. ;-)
2011.06.25 #Brewers 11 #Twins 1| A beautiful night / to witness at Miller Park / Twin dismantling.
Good day :)
It's 's 16th birthday, and all she wants is a tweet from you♥ 8
lol what I do
Having no internet is the devil. #THEDEVIL!!!!
Wonderful! I'm reading Taken now, enjoying it.
nice cold shower
Guess who worked until 6 tonight & hates the Fridays she has to even work until 5. >:(
nice! My new one was on sale at newbury comics haha.
“No one can make you feel inferior without your consent.”
Yup. That's my m.o
Only 10-20% chance of rain this weekend? For Music Fest? Get real - homie don't play that.
It hurts to be accused of cheating when your not doing it!
"Best adult movies from the comfort of your home"
This Weather Needs To Go The Hell Away. Too Hot.
Some people try way too hard to act cool. Smh...just be yourself dont be a follower of everybody.
"I am Dr. Perky!" -Marc Silver
The joys of letting the staff pick the music! We try to hire people with good taste.
Tip 2: You have agreed on the time so don't arrive late. Being late sends a negative message.
Buraka was the best on Holy Ship. Can't walk coz danced so hard :). Nice meeting Burakas on the beach!
what is your strategy today in the NFL? what a day. It might be some game total plays for me
On a road to Success
Everyone says the same thing... why on earth does she think this is the easiest thing yet??
WAITING TO SEE WHAT ALL THE FUSS ABOUT PLAYSTATION PLUS HOPE ITS WORTH THE 50$
Normal dog & blind dog are wrestling. 3-legged cat enters fray. Normal dog chews on cat who then slaps blind dog. I live in weirdo world.
BLACK TEE BLACK JEANS BLACK SHOES YOU KNW THAT'S TRAP WEAR #KnwDat !!!
Nice filter ;) That's actually a great idea. What kills me is irrigation over flow
#messengers :) I love you ! Awesome job tonight and I'm gonna vote for you!!!!! :)
Dude, how do you do it? I would love to rent your brain for a few days, just to roam around in there. Or. . . gnome around.
SHUMP there it is
Sorry to interject, but didn't Nemov compete in Athens (though not AA, I believe). Remember high bar final?!
Can't wait to go home after class
Feel free to give me a shout any time. Always look forward to talking with you.
Woot! Finally got my first blog entry written & posted for
twitter isn't all that... remade mine a couple of days ago and I never know what to tweet about rofl:) share your music!
Taste of Alpharetta 😍
Somebody Mention Me
You'd think Boy and World would get past that awkward eyes-to-the-ground stage by now
I'm not always a fan of Dutch editorials but the ones in the first issue of look wonderful! Can't go wrong with Amsterdam <3
What should I get into tonight????
I could go for some sun right now. its cold as hell out here
yes just ordered my shirt from :D
what about irl
I want to have fun. Throw me a guy that wont judge me for the fun i take and endure the adventures.
Integrate mobile devices, apps; cultivate knowledge of semantic web, cloud computing, web 3.0 - 2 key trends for fed libs. Dessy
good afternoon! It's a beautiful day only because you're outside baby :)
: nice work on the s3saver Drupal module, thanks for sharing!
You know you play too much tennis when you practice your swing with an imaginary racquet at least 5 times an hour
Never really wanted a relationship. I wanted someone to chill with and talk to.. just someone who's there for me when I needed him
Aspern NY unit shooting...
i wanna be in a band and work with my friends and see them everyday and work with them it must be
Don't want to do algebra homework
thank you Stacey
I need a good DruMmEr already.it's been a good fifteen years (Bolt)?
Stupid shit my cousin say: is a meerkat the same thing as a lion
OMG, mind half-blown.
Hate being at home & there isn't anything to eat >_<
Damn auto correct. It's a calf's heart!
Racist intel commercial? I think so. My fellow #asian community what do y'all think?
Darren Criss = HUGE maybe...but we all know where my heart lies...
Hope to get the #MegaTweetUp on my dance card this year. Great event. Keep me posted.
thinks his neighbors are gathering pitchforks and lighting torches.
I would break a bitch back,,,
please, Serious, by the way, how old are you now?
Taking time for YOU is not something you wait for or put off. See the conseqences of doing so?!
Yesterday, my thoughts were controlling me. Today, I'm controlling my thoughts courtesy of Romans 12:2.
Im inventing a shirt with coolant to keep u cool when its hot gesh this heat is ridiculous lol
“Change is the watchword of progression” --Unknown
not too much is good? Whats wrong? & just chillin at the moment.. Tryin to see whassup with u.
Woke my mom up to flowers & a card 😊
My Personal trainer just called. Bootcamp cancelled, shovel snow for your workout!
I just love how my YouTube unsubscribes to my favorite people
Oh, what slide is stolen? I wanna see!
thanks for the mention!
- just a few hours from puck drop, and, as a former North Dakotan I can proudly say, "go DU!" kick some Sioux booty!
oh u no skl & stuff 8/
Todays terrible person --> RT Obviously it sucks one of the Beastie Boys DIED, but their music SUCKED
I was haha
The classic All-in shove AQ into AK trick...well done internet poker site! FUCK OFF!
Money from strangers with the family <3
it's allowed... and certainly won't be the last or worst!
girl i'm tryna turn us into something...
Disney ICONiacz will never understand.
The street team is out in full force today!! Find them and get your free gum!!
I know. it's funny that I don't have any summer clothes either.. AH
It takes time to get to know Sj. Just give him a chance.
It's legit. RT: The Museum of Jurassic Technology
hah is that a bad thing? Peach is kind of fuzzy and nectarine has smooth skin. Either way, they're both delicious!
Talk about a long ass walk! Mission was successful though haa
Sun comes out after 3 days... I am stuck in gray office. Bo!
Thanks twitterverse for getting the word out. Amazing how many restaurants are calling US.
Cool! I put that on Pinterest a while back. It's the only place I've seen it. :) Dig that it's made it to Twitter & Facebook
no, I agree with you! I was trying subtly to deride further by adding 'impactful', which is my personal peeve.
Congrats to our friends in for being added to the lineup. America, get ready to see your new favorite band!
Brewers rebuilding talk on May 10th?One month after the opening series. Of. Depressing. Start that about June 30th.
At the florist for most of the day.
just ordered a soundgarden and mother love bone shirt, bbyz cum 2 mama
aye I'm fucked up at 6am bro.. Grand marnier shots .. What!!? We all messed up
- Good Morning ! !
Sorry for the confusion. Please send an email to and we'll opt you out right away.
Sometimes you just have to wait. Forcing it just isn't the right way to go.
did you get the new maps? I know you did lol.
Google Places allows many businesses, no matter what form, to list their establishments in a popular interface.
2. Customer Follow-up - a series of emails providing customers with useful information about your products and services
Yep! Riskin it for the biscuit! Lmao
Happy birthday
People always think I'm a few years older than I am! RT : #Libra females tend to look younger than their age.
haha love it! And it would be perfect too - he is already married so just friends is what Im better at! Hahah
Yeampierre: people who need info aren't getting it because of disparity in funding. institutions led by people of color less funding
I am going to talk to my advisor. The experience this semester was awful :(
Just English, Norwegian and some Spanish. I can also read Japanese.
My husband's response to the Lucasfilm library internship: "It's called Jedi Academy--you have to apply." (Yes, that's the plan.)
how you doing mama?
Ed Murrow: British should have created heroes out of battle for Malta as Americans created the Bataan-MacArthur legend.
Congratulations on your remission. Sounds like a real fight for you. Thanks for sharing your good news!
I deserve to be with someone who will spoil me
: Um... if there's any left, do you think you could save me a slice? Please?!
Not surprising that he's been around.
In other news, I vote affirmatively to have gas stations buy me a new car.
Butterfly Clinic this Sunday 9am @ LMU. Make sure to call the office to register 310.390.5700
Did you get my text bro?
What kind of startup do you mean?
My mom just said 'LOL'... *facepalm*.
Going to the grocery store is the worst.
Love You Like A Love Song
24 hour Birthday movie marathon underway, first showing Harold and Kumar Go To White Castle
We are delighted with the turnout here at our event!
Southern Tier Heart Walk raises $200K for research - Ithaca Journal
I would like to get rid of the porn-bots that are following me but apparently cannot. So...hello, ladies!
What is the cabbage patch?
Ball so hard
That was Brutal
My gosh. Even my mom is giving me crap for not going to work in costume today.
. Great to see you!
Not that I saw. RT : did anyone approach him?
great to see you all at the cfunk showcase last sat!
sorry the everyone's doing it argument doesn't work here.
Thank you to our registrants so far! Look forward to connecting with colleagues from St Martin's School
Home from a birthday break with the grandsons in NH. Now back to work on my novels!
I JUST GOT THAT MAGAZINE! Woah. Anyways I put up Niall. but that's just because I love Niall...and I already had Louis
From now on I will be more grateful I vow to do all that I can Blessing each night I lay down beside her For my wife I’m glad I was that man
Hanging out on McKinley Beach for
Perfect! Get's Rodgers out of the way of the jinx, and throws Megatron right in the mix.
I am trying to decide which type of beer I want to purchase.
working! How u doin bro?
A business is profitable to the degree that it provides a service or product that makes a contribution to delight in all of its forms.
Tune into this Friday morning to get creative cocktail ideas for summer entertaining from studly bartender, Gabe!
It's funny shaq said artest was doing nothing....then he came out and single handedly built momentum and a lead
m wow I actually liked it (: goodjobbb!!
I learned an important lesson tonight. God is all around us & things happen every second because of Him. Open your eyes and you will see it!
Why has Mejia's stock fallen so much? All I hear about anymore are Harvey, , & Familia. Did the surgery go poorly?
No idea. Understand staying, understand going RT Thoughts on the possibilities of Boise State, SDSU staying with MW?
That's awesome!
Okay, but I have to get up at 5. I already hate myself tomorrow morning.
#GiftsGrandmaWontWant an iPhone 4S, seeing as my grandpa doesn't even know how to email lol
prob the only english u knew at tht time
I'll make my own money and take cre of my daughter and myseld by any means necessary. My hand is never out for nothing...
Tracking drums for ... Time to punk some drums with and shaq
This a good game tho
"they're like gods" "there's only one God, and I'm pretty sure He doesn't dress like that."
his tweets had me rolling today...SO good. fuggin, pitchfork.
My sisters have been great, only... My lips have been lonely. *sighs* But...what can you do?
That's a Beautiful Sight
teachers complain that we don't go outside enough. well maybe if i want doing homework till 11 i would be able to go outside. but no i cant.
We still on for noon tomorrow? Who's all going?
#KSsynapse ~10% withdrawn posters at this meeting and that's just those known before the conf book was published. That seems high to me.
Hm, I don't have the numbers/emails with me as all the info is at my internship. Sorry, girl.
im fenna take my clothes off & let the cold air hit my body. That should make me feel a lil better...
Samples, dubstep, breakdowns, glitches, ducked synths, crazy drums, horns.
I agree same thing happens to me!?
Takeing the stage in Carrollton, GA at 7
#collegemoveout may be the most environmentally unfriendly endeavor of my life.
Are educators and counselors being prepared professionally to equip students with the tools to prepare and plan for higher edu?!
Attn Followers & #Vinyl Lovers! We have been admittedly absent lately, but have no fear! Starting Nov 1, we will be posting new records M-F!
Watching Scandal on demand! Serious and well put together
WHAT UP! Laker AND Dodger win tonight!!
Keep living with the old memories and you'll never make new ones...
i can talk about about you al day everyday thats how much i miss you
When I see a bruised apple at the market, I give it a soft hug and whisper, "Who did this to you?"
Laughter & Forgetting. Great music on a day like this. Thanks!
Anyone pick up an extra touchpad and want to sell it?
#ThatOnePersonInSchool who is SUCH a BITCH
DEY SO ARE
it's fine, I'll just be the rebel in this friendship :P haha
The only thing I want more than anything right now is my baby. I don't care about anything or anyone else. Shit day. I just want my baby...
ya let's go to jerrys
Trying to get a knot out of my back with a #maraca. Technically *not a good idea but whatever. C'mon, tasty #percussion!
RT : we had a couple for a shoot fall through today--who wants to model for us in nyc for on tuesday?
Cool, I'll check it out. I'm still kind of a new guy, so any guidance would be much appreciated.
Won 5 out of 7 dance battles. Not bad...not bad at all...
"Hello Milwaukee." Epke Udoh making an incredible first impression. Genuine.
Ill start some shit with her that day just to have some good sex that night...
The storms are comin.
think of it as curated RSS feed
#Lebanon I just received a call from #Lebanon over #3G I am impressed
Even if I was interested in Doris, I don't think the feeling would be mutual.. : )
make some more amazing music bro! #boymahomie !:)
God’s mercy is new every morning. Each day we can find a fresh place to begin. Joyce Meyer
join us for Spellbinding Sounds at St. Gregory the Great Church at 5535 N. Paulina, Chicago, IL on Sunday, November 15th, at 4:00 PM.
Any other sports topics you'd like to hear discussed on tonights podcast??? Please let us know..
it came out today
looks like old man weather is cooking up "CHILLY" again
Baking a cake for the first time in a couple months since my brother bday. Used to make them things everyday lol.
The help and Moneyball are both really good!
I'm better than what I'm receiving in life, time to make that change and grow.
Want to get emails from VIA w/ opportunities & current news?Send us an e-mail and tell us to put you on the list
happy turkey day! go pack!
This Thursday Scores Chicago hosts Disco Inferno, our summer VIP event. You can't beat a disco party. Open to public after 8pm. Please RT
Hello Fort Scott!
"Getty Kitty"? Too cute! I love it! I'll be needing a photo please.
Banned from twitter a la office, but wait, smart pbone..
you're too sweet. Thank you. :)
Wang Chung time
If Y'all Wanna Eat. A Papaya Well Don't It Has. A Bacteria IThink It's Called Salmonella
Have you ever changed a whole text message just because you didn't know how to spell one word?
yep I just follow around that is how I get down #pokers #rungood #yumyum #HEADSUPFORROLLZ #
yeah, it tastes like medicine. I wonder if that's why it's called "Dr."
Should I go to bed? Yes. Do I want to? No.
mason! Tell devin he needs to go to your show lol! Jazzy, me and her bf want to go! So devin needs to come as well lol
oh fun
As a Dallas fan, sadly, yes. Utah seems to have their number.
Oh yA
New Pandora shipment arrived recently! Stop down and check out the new pieces!
Waiting to pick up my new glasses is as good a reason as any to have gelato for lunch.
I would've smacked him with the shovel. So inappropriate!
Just checked out 's video on ws. That 💩 was dope!
"If we consolidate schools, what happens to optional schools and programs?"- question from the audience.
yeah I find nothing Travis does threading or scary anymore.
i hate being left handed sometimes i swear...0__0
Why didn't anyone warn me about the #SXSW wristband tan?
im so pissed!!! why does everyone have to be on my butt!
Keep it real homie...
I'm sure a resourceful cub like you could find a use or two
I would like to record the fact that I TOLD that the roads were too flooded to drive. I was right, but did he listen???
Wish I could say 3 of us :-/ That makes 2 of us! RT : Looking forward to on today's show at 2:25
duh ;D cause im special brah.
Oh geez. such a dolt. SEEthebandSEEthebandSEEtheband!
Trick I hate yo guts.
"Contrary to what you've heard, it's not the end. It's not even the beginning of the end. In fact, it's just the beginning."
nah im good, thats not for me.... Damn I cant think of something, you got me for now
When the #Lakers get mad, they beat on people... When the #Thunder get mad, they BEAT on the Lakers
RT : I like it... The real measure of your wealth is how much you would be worth if you lost all your money. - Bernard Meltzer
Paul Allen on $300m brain research grant: "Our dream is to one day uncover the essence of what makes us human"
#RIP Whitney Houston
I will be playing there Thursday. Most likely not from the back, though. We'll have to hit sticks together sometime in the future
No, I'm just sitting here at the house, waiting for the wife to tell me it's time to go. Waaaaiiiiiitttting.
haha perfect. I will let you know once make the purchase. Yes, pink slips. Paul walker style.
art dates are the best!
Everything is where it needs to be. On track and balanced.
You can tell its the slow season for sports. Turtle from entourage is being interviewed live on ESPN.
Twitter users who want to make use of it must first register at RevTwt
Charlie!! Thanks. It was driving me crazy.
I finally finished :)
Dr. Thomas Samuelson: Trabecular microbypass surgery is an elegant, minimally invasive approach to treating OAG
HEY! Go "LIKE" us on facebook! facebook.com/missinginalaska
we need to stop being on such a bro status
it's sad, Karen Carpenter just naming foods...
Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: Some divorce decrees forbid a parent from having a lover spend the night while the children are around.
Stop in like a spy for the weekend drink: the BERRY DELIGHTFUL! Stoli Blueberi, Cranberry and a splash of a TOP SECRET INGREDIENT!
Some of my Ss use Noterize (which might be PaperPort Notes now) to mark up PDF's and type short responses.
I love you Austin Mahone!(;
I Remember I Got In A Fight At School. My Mom Showed Up And Whopped Me In The Girls Bathroom. Lol!
I'm bad sometimes...
drink 1 (or 10) for me!
Roxbury. We sisters.
An operator that will stop at nothing to get what he wants. Not a sign of strength but deep insecurity.
#WhenAustin hangs out with Alex! RT if you love !
hahaha. Katy Perry was a face hugger
Like.. all the way under the bus. Like they weren't the champs but a year ago. Chill.
Dislocated patella for Davis...for those Who don't know what a patella is, its your knee cap
hi im rachel i love ur music and my wish is 2 see1of ur concerts so if ur ever in florida plz let me kno! plz reply if u can
cool! so he's in a band? Is it popular?
Sometimes, after concerts, I want to have my camera's babies.
#bittermoment there's nothing that pisses me off more than women who don't act their age ... Señoras porfavor ..
Character is much easier kept than recovered. ~Thomas Paine
you are so sad, you can't buy a team. Don't give up your draft for one guy. Who will protect him? David Carr all over again.
Just chocked on a cheeeto
Getting excited for #thewalkingdead premier . yup.
I will not settle for the status quo. I will not make excuses. I will change my world and the only way to do it is by helping others!
I like my confidence stirred, not shaken.
Add Fairfield to the list of DI schools offering a basketball scholarship to Homestead junior Luke Worthington.
Nosezone burn. The burn caused by static when my wife and I kiss.
Great meeting the team tonight!! #OG #1%
aw dm me
I only feel truly disrespect when people treat me like a "nigga".
I hope you realize the rainbow was a joke.
Damm I think I'm crashing In class :/
I do looked possessed, sitting here in the darkest corner of my room.
Twitter....are you ever going to fix my mentions?
:(((( sorry i just smashed my finger in the car door=(((
You're most welcome. Thanks for the #ShoutOut! I hope you all have a #TerrifcTuesday!
apologies for the useless spam... I was convinced I had fixed the damn feed issue.....
Thanks for the follow, Vanessa! Hope you're having a great week!
Me:"Mom, I'm so in love with my boyfriend." Mom:"Who?" Me:"Justin Bieber." Mom:"Really? I cant wait to meet him." Me:"Me too."
Don't You Want Me Baby? If you're in the market for PR Solutions....Elton's your answer.
Curiously, she said [her husband and I] had roughly the same build. From the waist up, I imagine.
Mafiozos..hot date
The bulls right now>>>>>
in profit, or total?
More Voice Actors for #OneVoice:
Listening to "Watch the Throne" is making me feel increasingly poor.
yeah don't get it either Klout on FB app just seems to run me in circles...
.. off of djing for a year now in clubs and shows. but hopefully ill get back into. overall focusing on bringing shows......
Thanks for the recent mentions. :)
see my last few @ replies.
oops no I meant ew bahahahah
Have a blast! I'd rather have #TheYearofDamon if you ask me. Klaus can ride with Claus on Dec. 24th!
Is the petrangelo in the LA-STL game can of corn's bro or cousin?
I am so relieved that Act isn't even that hard!!!!!
spammy twitterers ruin the experience for everyone!
Oh you think I love you? you think I'm stupid? Do I look like cupid?
western is the theme of my life right now. Auditioning for a western tomorrow.
What happened Kobe???
Why do people get into my account
I don't even wanna go to bed yet, but I'll wake up with tomorrow being Friday, so it's all good. :D
Learning to Play Piano Over The Summer ? ^.^ #Yes ♥ I Think So. ☺
i sure miss hanging out with friends! other than fashion shows, i mean just hanging out..i miss that
will be tonight,come by and check it out-along with of course!;)
Google Upsets the Ecommerce World... again. www.seobook.com/google-product-search-ecommerce-play - Just a reminder that it's Google's game
i miss you brother!
It is a scientific fact that your body will not absorb cholesterol if you take it from another person's plate. ~ Dave Barry
is the anti-elitist Romney playing well w/audiences? Seems like it requires a particular kind of disbelief suspension.
And OKC just held serve. Plenty of games left.
Do not be nervous hey he wears those cute little argyle socks and yes tomorrow is birthday
I like your tweet. Holla back and folla back!
Dad called to tell me about #PR opening at he saw on Would be amazing, I'm sure! Friends interested?
I am PR and don't cook...assumptions are made about everything...even how we look and speak.....
Great to see Olympia Snowe support healthcare reform. Now we just need a strong public option added in!
how about some playoff #Brewer Baseball tailgate recipes
Not skinny! Not pretty! Not perfect! - but has come to the conclusion.. Not bothered!!
Talking travel with the pro's -- I've got an awesome job:)
hahahahahaha god I miss you lol
I promise that once I find a good thing, I'll hold on to it. Until then, let me do me shawty
#3wordsofadvice Enjoy the moment
Meet our staff! RT : Whats going on? I need more drinks, asap.
LOVIN' the music and the sound. Brilliant.
RT : You can't spell "Sick Awesome Nasty Hail Mary" without "HAKEEM NICKS."
