Great article on the scapular stabilizer exercises!
Apparently the asshole sitting next to me knows more than the FAA. #texting aswetakeoff
Reasons I'm Fat Pop Tarts & Super Fries LOL
So glad my phone died. I wont have the urge to talk to dumb asses like
Thanks for donating to such a great cause!
thank you
Read more about Activists take over of an unoccupied building that could serve as shelter and center serves for the homeless.
So great, right? She's amazing!
Why do I always get stuck sitting next to crazy woman on the train demanding a $3 refund from the Metra customer service dept?
Did all the bios not make it in?
#BREAKTIME: I know I am getting better at golf because I am hitting fewer spectators.
A fun weekend reading 's Master of Shadows on Peter Paul Rubens and 17th c diplomacy.
$3 Calls and $1 off all taps should make your evening go by a little quicker, stop in to find out!
NKOTBSB will be on the Today show the day my sister and I are going to see them in DC!
RT": there's a difference between being happy and looking happy"
Positively entertaining
Wanna get out this fucking apartment!!!
should have taken me with you
I might Depending on when I work
ru and other beat writers just mad that he decided not to you guys?
Bills fans, Kiper's right, getting Michael Floyd would be a great use of your 1st round pick. And that's not just my ND grad side speaking.
I need more than 24 hours in my day U_U
Let's go rangers!
please lose the LIVE bug on your taped coverage. Djoker Monaco is over.
Ok I'm done now
Today's a great day to tell your love why you are thankful for them. ~mariageminded~
Getting a haircut.
If happiness was the national currency, what kind of work would make you rich?
Its okay Cam They didnt make it this year but The 49er still got Next Year!! #NeverGiveUp <3 follow? **i.NeEd.YoU</3**
Celtics guard Rajon Rondo scored 13 points, with 17 assists and 12 rebounds for his 8th playoff triple-double.
yeah you do!!
The pandora station is amazing tonight! Been listening for hours,
an overwhelming experience to speak beyond grateful for the honor, and can't wait for the rest.
did she says hi
I do not like this cold weather! I miss it being in the 80s
Hey #bro its contest time. One person who RT's this will win a shirt from W.armenianhipster.com .. W.Facebook.com/armenianhipster
I know it. If I get really pissy I'm no good for 48 hours
my wife has had good success wearing a night guard mouth piece for TMJ
who's gonna win the sausage race on Friday???
I need a good laugh. This packing is making me all depressed
Whatever happens..........don't let go of my hand
oh I will. When and where? 😏😚
"Freedom Phone"
Cemetary Cleaning,flowers being put on the Crosses, candle lightn ceremony 2nite on the Rez. E of S.D. 104 degrees now. Hot
That imaginary dude who controls the red lights had it out for me today.
retweeting all of my tweets leggo
Rihanna can get it in the Where Have You Been video
Darkness cannot drive out darkness; only light can do that. Hate cannot drive out hate; only love can do that. Martin Luther King, Jr.
don't be jealous. Share!
“ 2 Chainz is charging 100k for a verse now cause he's G.O.O.D!!!!!!”
Watching "beyond Sherwood forest" on syfy and making fishmas treats....
Team Thomas WANTS YOU!!!!! Not sure how you can help? Don't worry. Call Ms. Mac at 202.636.1180.
Thanks for the mention!
Thanks 4 going on the air with me 2 chat about your new CD & upcoming concert this wkend in Picayune. U da man!
I'm going to have to do my best to help you jog that memory, Paulie.
"swag" doesn't involve being an asshole to girls .
Kim K better win Teen Hottie. If Selena wins, i will loose all faith in the world.
OH YEAH
Harry Thomas Jr. is being re-sworn in as Councilmember for Ward 5
You should slap that on some t-shirts and bring them to
I love the idea. Its becoming a popular sport. Its also great exercise.
Relaxing Sunday evening..
But you love him/her MT This is why I can't have nice things: Spent $20 on flowers and my cat just ate them
Apparently all the creepers came out to play tonight..
As a matter of fact, I just graded Phillip's test :P
They are one hit away from being swept at home by a key divsion rival.
You're awesome Jim. How was Dallas?
I'm tired of the ironic mustache. And Jack White rocks my pants off. I have no pants.
I did however avoid any sort of fast food on the way home. So that's good.
There are a few brave artist out there. Everyone else are sheep.
With a shitty economy, I love how UofL brags about how much money they make at the Yum center, while taxpayers flip the bill.
But maybe has done something to prove it that I haven't seen? Am open to possibility. has
Thx for the follow!
Better yet, call Aspen Garage Door... one of those small local businesses that everyone and their brother recommends.
Spot trending now in Chicago, IL: Frontera - Mexican (live updates)
wait what? I'm kinda confused...
Yes, very successful. My dad still talks about OBB--most recently when discussing another instigator,
St. Paul: right up there with beets and libertarianism on the list of things I'll never understand
I'm just like, Ladies, I can't have sex with ALL of you. It's unsanitary and not socially acceptable. It's gonna hurt my rep.
Happy Holidays from Sandia Area Federal Credit Union! :)
Intelligent Living Puts the Ease of Controlling Your World at Your Fingertips
“No one has to lie to you to mislead you. That’s the beauty of numbers,” Horvit said.
THIS IS ALL DEAD! I SHOULD BE OUTSIDE:/
sure, they're almost like doctors
Love you too!!!!
Forgot about
Feeling a little sicky today and vitamins aren't working 😷
oh okay well either way im not ready
welcome to Seattle Pete. You are a breath of fresh air.....SEAFENCE!!!!
Ayee Yuhh Follow Me An I Will Follow Yuhh
There will always be those few songs that move you every time you hear them #np Belief- Stripped I wish I wrote this!
Sure, researching #archivists role in preservation of mixed media artwork is fascinating. But why can't I do it outside, w wine?
Wow, we're working on some big stuff here! A whole new version of to release with the #ROC print guide. We hope you'll love it!
Microwaved eggs are the bomb.
I wanna bleach my hair today. Let's see if my mother will take me.
how often are YOU eating lunch at your desk? Can't be good... I'm sure there are infographics to support this claim.
And just like that, the calendar says 12/15 & my 3 day work weeks are over. Shock to my system. Monday stress. But ah, the good life! Lucky.
He's lucky that's all that happened. Steve is nice, but he don't take no b.s. from anyone
..my aunt made chocolate covered bacon....whhat?
#ThingsInMyLifeThatArePriceless 's ponchos
: Yeah, I'm gonna probably be there I just need to find a ride home :/ is Bryan going?
bet you're not saying that after that 4 hour game huh?
Game time! RT if you are watching the !
Until 1973 the American Psychiatric Association considered homosexuality a psychiatric disorder. Ridiculous.
RT : you guys were awesome!! Love youu
I wonder what it's like to be followed by one of you guys.
Its so nice out n I'm stuck in school
I love da shit outta yo ass #Thirsty for u
OMFG those are all the best, srsly if you sit and listen to hospital/best nights theyre PERFECT
Join me at 10am at #LSCON for Intro to Compressing Video & Audio on the Learning Media Studio - right outside expo area.
so didn't read that as 'promo'. Hope dinner works out...
“: Good morning!”- Mornin Jon!
thanks it was fun!
It's been one heck of a day but it's not over yet!!!
The happiest heart that ever beat, was in some quiet breast. That found the common daylight sweet, and left to heaven the rest. John...
I knew that already!
hush up just watched his video n he freaking fine lol
- Have a lovely weekend, lovely :)
Ready and lovin' it!! In scottsdale right now. Can't wait to see what you guys have to say tmrrw morning
yeah what are you doing
Guys behind us talking about how baseball players are babies and they should suck it up like hockey players.
I luv u cedar point ❤
Oh dear. Allergies make things so hard. Looks like you found something though. Sounds delicious.
Yay thank you! ^^
What time does the avalanche game start.
District 1 is having a Pothole Roundup the week of November 28. Email your D1 pothole repair requests now.
thanks for being a good best friend :)
I would suggest looking into smashwords.com. It's what I used to convert my book into all eformats. Super easy.
hey (: thanks for the follow, btw.
bitchinkitchen How PERFECT! My bff LOVES sweet potatoes and when she drinks, it's bourbon or rum. Thanks, Nads amd BK krewe.
I am live in 5 mins with new info on shots fired near 94 and Mass. Ave in Lemon Grove. No suspects, no one injured as of now.
Randy Shaver is watching a different feed of the ISU game... so I'm hearing his reaction, before seeing the plays.
Definitely on our to-do list. I'm an Android fanboy, so I'm pushing hard for it. Shooting to have that by this summer. - Charlie
He is the truth, is a superhero
Who wants to take shots of hand sanitizer?! Apparently that's the new thing to do lmfao.. Kids are seriously fucking stupid nowadays 👎
. I won a free bag from ! Gorgeous stuff-you should check them out.
We love to see people connecting!
Not much ice this year, we will be running in rather than jumping.
OK - back to working on #ZOMM stuff - and YES, it IS Saturday and YES, we ARE working.
Nothing like waking up to people doing construction & painting the apartment.
Theme for marathon: Bell'Italia diff. artists than when we did that theme at G Fest in 2011 Will play Scarlatti Berio, Vivaldi, Paganini
5 30 pm www.syndicateradio.tv click on LIVE BROADCAST !!!see you there
SO EXCITED FOR JANUARY 7TH ...#iphone ...swag.
I will Joan, thanks!
def some Missed and skipped parts but overall good movie.
Wanna Work wit I fucks wit his Movement
Power Bodybuilding week one in the books. | Rocket 99.5
trying not to fall asleep in the cab.
I know, mine too, wer need to play beauty shop lol
following :) follow back??
my work inbox is now down to less than 20 unread emails!!
This rediculious. A grown man and so called former player..have some respect for the game. Maybe thats why your just an announcer?
shhhhhh! that was supposed to be our little secret!
At a break, #Badgers are hanging on to the lead despite a surging #iubb team. UW up 36-31 with 1:09 left in the first
We Bought a Zoo #nw with my 3 favorite little girls. Maybe they can cheer me up💜
The Roxy on Sunset Blvd. 7PM, FRIDAY the 16th. BE THERE! YOU DON'T WANT TO MISS IT! , , &
ill come get u
Follow for political insights. He's a leadership expert and columnist for Success Magazine.
As a pescetarian, skipping turkey at Thanksgiving is easy. What I cannot do, however, is skip corned beef + cabbage on St. Patrick's Day.
Still at the hospital, still making music. Married with kid, soon kids. How about you?
when u ask whats up and they just say "nothin" and then dint ask how you are and the convo goes NOWHERE!!!!!!! >:[
such that my reputation proceeds me and precludes me of such delights
WE NEED TO GET HARRY FIRED JUST AS WE GOT POLOSI FIRED...
Closing Day of #DonQuixote - Gonna miss this amazing community here !!
tis the season for node.js and twitter api
Gotcha! 's looking for someone who's going, to report back for RBMS planning, &c. I may come down, we'll see :-)
Congrats!! And a little jealous!!
Social media, a great way to show the world how stupid you are.
And you didnt like Trina but I'm the fake one for talking to the people I talk to now ?
That awkward moment as a Knicks fan when you are rooting for the Celtics to beat Philadelphia, because you don't want Miami to win.
Awww, one of my supervisors at my internship left me a bag of my favorite candy... Reese's Eggs! I'll miss my CRDL family when I graduate :(
The Spurs held off a frantic final Jazz surge for an 87-81 victory that completed a sweep of the first-round series.
I feel like chilling, spool want my husband and a baby NOW!!!
I really fucking love my iPhone 😍
it's hard loosing someone u luv,I lost my mom 2 cancer 17 yrs ago & my nana passed away last week,it's hard, pl say a prayer 4 me :(((
If queer musicals are your thing, "Jamie and Jessie are Not Together" plays Sat and Sun in
5000 Flyers For Just $99? Cross Promote Your Artist, Event, or Business with FreeCitiMedia call 404.449.2454 to ask me How!
I texted it to u lol
We off this weekend n we back on next 3 weekends.
What flavor? -MB
Y is it when some ppl have the great 'awakening' of the #truth of our world today - they start using words like 'enlightenment', 'energy'??
Houston Texas Where There Is No Room For The Weak
thanks for the follow. Appreciate it.
hey I just seen Mike DeGarmo on a commercial he's a Racine Firefighter 2. Cool same guy?
Thanks for sharing my book :)
Random - does anyone remember reading the #SweetValleyHigh series? lol. I remember wanting to read ALL of them...
just saw that BlackBerry 10 concept..huhh. looks cool!
We are always looking to help more musicians with FREE SEO and a FREE website. Look what we do for Vernon > www.vernonfischer.com
you don't know me man
Watching Leap Year and the guy on here sounds EXACTLY like doing and impression of
RT Now my name is M.C.A. I've got a license to kill. I think you know what time it is it's time to get ill.
THIS. RT Sterling Cooper Draper Price. Always. RT : Who wins the battle of the 60s shows? Pan Am >>>> Playboy Club
who was our last good #13? #orioles"// Doyle Alexander
I totally believe it, u crazy for this one
gotta thank god for another day man it feels good to wake up and see day light realtalk!
my Rangers came through. I'll watch those highlights tonight
Just got a call back from the metro pcs commercial audition I did two days ago at ft mason ...Im on my way, fingers crossed ;)
i think you have a wonderful voice! :) love ya! :]
I should really get some rest before school tomorrow...oh wait I don't have school!!! hahahaha
i haven't kept up on learning sciences wrt gamification, but i'm still sure context matters. betsy probs knows.
Today is Sunday and Recruiters will review your resume in the AM. Visit www.hrjobboard.com and apply to jobs that will put you back to work.
so disgusted with latest episode. My entire house of multiple roommates. You're terribly mean to your mom. Have compassion
"Please don't go. We'll eat you up. We love you so." RIP Maurice Sendak
we miss you in south Florida
Andy Staples just told us that an autographed Tim Tebow Bible went for over $1,200 in a Florida auction! Holy Smokes!
363M...so if u win ill just take that 10Mil u didn't know about
": LOL @ helicopter" yes like Romy and Michelle High School Reunion lol
wewt! see you there :D
OMG Brooke and Kelsey are famous now. Go get BOP magazine.
President Obama = 1 North Carolina = 0
#IHitMyDougieWhen i see one directions faces.
RT No hysterics, just reason and a desire to be treated equally under the law
Sorry for Cleveland, but we lost our whole franchise. That was a real bummer.
I check it when I make my social media rounds, and I think it's more social platform than a filter toy. It's been on my mind.
Gallery night is on with Matt Pleger and DEAL!
I would pay $50 for
Yous a down ass bitch, and I ain't mad atcha.
I'm still rocking my Robinson #50 but it's starting to wear, I want a Manu jersey
I'm hooked bad on that Gotye song.
aaghh i feel like shitt, ! is anyone else upset they cant go to fashion night out today ?!
i know, i know..we need to talk soon..much to share about various projects i'm working on now..plus, catch up on your news
If an African American business with a quality product can't make it downtown, where is the hope for tomorrow's entrepreneurs?
Hope yall had a Gd Christmas :)
nice burn!
Man knows more than he understands. -Alfred Adler
lol what STATE?! :P
Wow, I didn't know there was an 3.8 earthquake! I didn't feel anything :o
Go back to the part of the conversation where you weren't speaking
I should at least tweet u what I would do to u if we were alone... Dont be afraid to take off the panties >:)
I never need to see the sun again, there enough light in your eyes to light up all the world
eff the dad....it's all about Olivia
Magic Kingdom just opened....where do you head to first?
Getting ready to ask Andy Johnson some tough questions at his LOCI talk. jk, andy!
Oh, time to go over the winning puppies for the puppy poll!
Hey you "Laker" fan. Name a player besides Kobe & World Peace.
very nice lunch with and the crew: &
Being in the elmwood village makes me feel like I'm home, w/ momma :)
haha...quite the line-up. how was haywire?! we've been wanting to see that one
Thanks, Stephanie. I'll keep an eye out for it.
Musical chairs.... Btw I love jimmy Larkin
Hey boo lol
"You Should Sleep Late Man Its Just Much Easier On Your Constitution"
That is adorable! So happy to meet Twitter friends in person.
I'm a little drunk on you and high on summertime
grand national day- so stoked !!
lol I shoulda figured the first two were #KickAss since its your favorite adjective I will be sure to use #KAT going forward :)
#iGetRealMadWhen stupid weed laws are made jus make it legal
THE RIGHT STUFF! I love my
im carmela nice to meet u :)))))
2 things. 1) I thought Alaska was a state. 2) Does anyone watch that show non-ironically?
Vanessa Williams is 1 of the 1 in 4 women who are child sexual abuse victims. Tyler Perry is one of the 1 in 6 men. Let's get serious folks.
313 of them are dummy acounts... i'm your only real fan...
You know..... He "won" big because he behaved, lol. :-)
Im Doing Great that Awesomeness!!!!! :)
Ehh, text me (:
": #Sagittarius will be whatever, whoever you want them to be, to make you happy" I love you my TriggaBooBear 💋💗
mine always sits there for two days on the coffee table whilst I dream of someone noticing and spiriting it away. Then I do.
4th quarter last quarter. Will it go to OT? Or will LAL handle their business to take a commanding 3-1 series lead.
this twitter shit is no bueno when in drunk. Prolly goin up here around 6.
So delicious that cranking out final papers is no problem! RT : Enjoy!
bhahahaaha I know! Haha I text just like I drive and park bad as fuck
just looked at the blog. Good work!
The Walking Dead is...delicious. Try American Horror Story, too.
Wow. Manning Marable a Pulitzer for 'Malcolm X: A Life of Reinvention'. Just got around to reading it a few weeks ago. cc
it was a pleasure speaking with you today
An old Soundgarden song from 1988 gets hatemail on #kexp? Oh you silly Seattle hipsters!
Very busy day at KG today! love love love it!
Hi can I meet ya!
Hm...looks like a username squatter. Could go or ??? BTW, your new GM is posting this hour
Can't believe so many people are ragging on Ball for staying in college. Hope he has another great year and proves everyone wrong
In Memory of R.E.M., "I am. I am. I am Superman and I can do anything!" Thank You for being a great inspiration to Me to Play Music!
You've rooted for easy teams of women. We all have.
AP source: Stanford AD Bowlsby accepts Big 12 job
Opening the #script again this week. It's a work in progress, one that I'm really #proud of. Writer's block is over!
shhh… that’s the sound of nobody caring what you think.
Great news: RT Excited to be mentoring #MassChallenge finalists and
not stalking lol just reading tweets that show up in my timeline.
A x M = P Ability times motivation= performance. Crucial #change agent is to multiply motivation for better future. Larry Johnston
A ten second match? Really?
The lady at the 99 cent store just said she wan sucky sucky from Lucky Fucky. Lucky Fucky is my Las Vegas name for these bitches
Yup. RT : Let Ozzie Guillen love Fidel Castro. We let our Presidential candidates hate gay people.
were we goin ?
Wow! I can't believe tonight is my last performance as super woman! 8 weeks sure does go by fast! I'm sure going to miss my cast! XoXoXo
Always a bad sign when you're panting like a pre-orgasmic Ron Jeremy BEFORE the hill climb...
you don't think Tressel coaches well? Won't be able to pull any scams in NFL. Players won't respect? Coaching won't translate?
Thats a shame! I wish I could be there. At least I (we) can hear from her everyday on twitter.
Watch it... I'll drop the gloves with you next time!! #C-A-P-S!!
"Friends don't let friends use Internet Explorer 6"
starting to work on booking a few Pacific NW shows for The Family Curse in August.
Bring the troops home. Quit killing people that have been tortured by protecting their homeland. Triple victims.
t wasnt about me was it?
join the club
West side story...
You can't say Bubbles Angry!
Submissions are no longer being accepted for the Artist Mentor Program. Thank you to everyone who applied! Good luck to you all!
#StrangeClouds is so FUCKING amazing! everyone go get it, or download it! #TeamBoB <3
The original and first!!
Kids' shows get weirder and weirder, I swear.
Thanks for the follow!
thank you for follow Mrs. NYC
#WestoftheFest if you’re partying with us today at Key Bar!
:/ im sorry
oh? I didn't know mate. relax, simple mistake
did you get my e-mail?
#badgers fans can say what they want, but wisconsin cannot win outside of madison.
I picked up the first issue but haven't read it yet...really looking forward to it though.
Awesome books for the little ones. I highly recommend you take a look at this review if you have any little ones that are 3yrs and under!...
SWEET GEORGIA BROWN. (A very different thing than when we say "sweet Oregon green.")
Going to in less than 90 minutes!!! will dominate !!
Can't wait to see them! RT ' Dave Summers got some great shots out at Demand Energy Networks, Inc.
NO Donnie you won't. Please I told you for me don't.
mad annoying I can't wait till summer nothin to worry about
Im very early for my gig tonight...veggin in my suit, learning lyrics for tomorrows gig.
Lacking knowledge or awareness in general
On my way to for a workshop!
watching for updates from halfway around the world. good luck! you guys will do great!
Aww I just missed ya! All good chat soon! Equator Line!!!!
GREAT JAZZ at the PHillips Collection last night - original pieces composed recreating the art sonically - don't miss SCULPTURE GARDEN TODAY
Thanks for following!
well said! RT : Oh, you'd like to invest in Facebook? I see you already invest about 5 hours a day, wonderful.
Home. Should probably stop drinking tequila.
Follow my tweets,Is Awsome related to Watch One Tree Hill
I'm so baked
Headed to Myers Park for Fox News Rising in support of Keep Meck Beautiful and KAB!
there is no explanation to happiness, it is determined from the person who receives it. Like an opinion.
no comment. Well, actually, I DO have a comment, but not here.
excited for the conversation!
Happy Holidays! I heard you have a fantastic fitness classes in the Madison area!
Seriously upset with this damn weather! It better be nice out opening day !
I can see the light at the end of the #MBA tunnel. However, it is quickly blacked out by the prospect of #job hunting ;)
“: the song thats on my radio right now puts me in the best mood ” chill!!
RIP whitney prayers r with her daughter :( and her familiy
RT : Hanging tough in the Venetian DS. On dinner break will go back to 42 BB. Nice to meet here. GOOD LUCK, DONNA!
idk I feel dumb
I cant wait til I get married. Its gonna be super untraditional but awesome!
RUSH rules!
Ahem... RT : “: walking with your friend & randomly pushing them into someone/something .” onto grates in the sidewalk 😄
I don't know about you guys but I love that Biden. Why don't they put him on every Sunday?
Face rubbing! Face rubbing!
Join #AMA webinar 5/16 at 1PM EST as iP's own talks about an integrated digital efforts in the travel industry
the video was fab:) Im going to multiple warped dates for you guys just so u know
Fuck bitches get money
appreciate the shoutout dan!
oh now she like me, oh oh oh now they like me
What is that smell #valencia #stevensonranch?
Christ is either Lord of all, or He is not Lord at all. -Hudson Taylor
Mary, Mary, Quite Contrary.....How does your garden grow?
We are looking to hire a couple of web developers in Santa Monica. Python/Django enviro. New stuff! Ping me if you're interested!
Twitter I don't know what to say but I am happy to see some old UMASS folks join the convo & what took so long?
Glad someone does! :-)
out of control!!!
It's about that time....
That's why I follow you but unfollow them.
My son is going to an event called "Running of the Santas" in Philly. What a stupid idea! Everyone knows Santas are more effective passers.
he's a rapist, a predator, and a horrible teammate and human being.
Thanks much. I hope I enjoy them as much as #1Q84. RT : Murakami books: Norwegian Wood and Kafka on the Shore.
when-o oh when-o is Jackie and crew coming to San Deig-o?
Cold War Kids.. ": Hang me up to dry"
haha looks like James has the moves tho homie.
At the Transparency panel at #mcn2011. I have a feeling that we won't be lacking for tweets at this one.
Napping, and more homework!!!! I need to be in florida already
What's your first postpartum beer of choice? : Got questions? Ask anything! #aska9monthspregnantviolinist"
haha well I'm sorry you have to contain yourself, I wouldn't be able to haha
I hope follow me one day
we live like a house away from eachother -_- lol
Happy Hour til 7pm! Come on in for $3 drinks!
Be careful what you think, because your thoughts run your life. Proverbs 4:23
Nice! Thanks for visiting!
Y'all goin to the paywall?
RT If u don't eat enough protein at every meal ur brain can’t work. You'll be sluggish, anxious, unfocused, tired & depressed
You know how you control the guy in temple run? Well, I bought the black guy in temple run. & named him Tannell. Tannell's my new bitch.
Hey hey eating mocha coffee ice cream and watching Shake it up wbu!?((:
Don't know yet - still developing - is working this story today for
finally got a twitter?! So much better than Facebook.
Very excited to learn that an instructor from my Army Officer Basic Course will be at the show tonight. What a small world it really is.
watching the Nice Guys video & laughing every time at Zach's cow impression HAHA:)
Bike ride time :-)
" Fill My Life With Happiness "
let's all go!
Give a lil snippet of what he said ... pls. I stopped watching him awhile ago.
Awful call on Osi
I know I still can't believe I met him and he called me on my cell cause I gave him my number and I started crying
Happy Poem in Your Pocket Day! Better than loose change...e.e. cummings
Just had a teacher ask me if I've read Shifting the Monkey. She just did this week. She's now my favorite. ;)
Just saw: USC crushed, Georgia squeaked, Oregon (my Ducks!) won. Seems strange to think things exist outside my storm-chaser cocoon.
Love how the same people who brought us + embrace "death tax" and "death panels" are outraged at #Obama manipulation of word "evolve"
What's the best tool/app for annotating an analog book?
you're a whore.
aww sorry im super busy right now maybe another time! =)
#cssoff is it better to adapt CSS3 media queries to scale nicely in the browser, or actually look good when viewed on the device?
I really just want to make some cookies
Dehydrated maybe?
love indie horror and just horror in general
I don't read instructions, I push on pull doors, I trip up the stairs, I think dirty, and I'm not beautiful. I hope you can deal with that.
follow back?(:
I appreciate how you raised me, and all the extra love that you gave me
Thanks for the follow! Hope you dig you some Secret Skwirl! Best and success!
It's time for ice cream and #MDLNY finale!!!
I took my cardigan off while driving and feared a "Planes, Trains and Automobiles" John Candy faux pas. All is okay.
Yay! Happy to hear the instructions were helpful.
#ImMadBecause BOYLE IS HURT! & NEIL ISNT SUSPENDED FOR IT!
Eh, I've tried that with women. It doesn't work.
You should REALLY put a comma between 'eat' and 'shit.' RT : All I wanna do is eat shit and sleep
RT This vocal exercise usually conquered Meg, but John sat as unmoved as the post which is popularly believed to be deaf
I'm not much for bragging, but just this once- buying a place near the #lightrail was genius.
this didnt just happen...
Word on the street: An $18.6 Million Lotto Ticket was sold in Westwood last night. SO CLOSE, YET SO FAR.
I'm a big fan i always support till the very end please please please follow me pleasee #1 supporter
Universe of Intelligently Networked Communities to achieve goals through shared experience collective intelligence and social accountability
Would you consider Adobe Data Services an ESB?
. B/c they think men like it. The better question is "Why are we watching a 60 Minutes piece on truffles?" :o)
thank you so much! :)
RT : you're an interesting female.
Congrats! Thanks for the tip.
On my twitter eatin breakfast, at the same damn time
Awww. Thanks! But you know what i mean, right? If it's not one thing, it's another....blah blah blah.
What part isn't working exactly? You can't connect or just certain parts of it?
Former JET program teachers looking for #Fukushima community orgs or fire depts to stream donations. Ideas pls. #quake #japan pls retweet
these cats making noise an (producer). They WANTED in LA, ATL an NYC. Ask A&R Leon
#nowwatching American dad
Wow..Dick Clark Died..RIP...
dude I'm so sorry about your friend passing away...
✰ Fact of the Day: Many high school cafeterias in Europe serve alcohol to their students who choose to drink.
I like what I see #Kentucky!! Keep it up!
Interesting! A lot of stuff we were starting, glad to see it getting traction. Love that design, too. Wishing for the best.
I hadn't heard about this event. Thanks for drawing my attention to it. D. who invented memes, should know better
Whats your opinion?
about a boy {day 268} - In Jennie&#39;s Kitchen
You aren't here in DC for the GSM workshop, are you?
We have to pay to part of society!
Nonsuch--XTC's most underrated album. Perfect spring morning music.
Would love to hear...what is the best auction item you've seen at charity event?
Oh definitely.
It strikes me as funny that I long to be a book snob and read book club reads but I need my book club to force me to read them.
so true so true
Nah. He was probably watching tentacle porn.
No, they're all FG kickers now RT employees must now run a 4.4 40 MT Meeting in the Oakland Raiders draft room..
Not so excited about Mother's Day
enjoyed glow-in-the-dark ultimate frisbee last night! Got errands to run today, then got work lata! Busy day! Better get started huh?! lol
#DidYouKnow that 79% of Americans would rather you make a charitable donation in their honor rather than buying a bad gift?...
I'm kinda hungry but I'm really #horny and #sleepy lol
Bitch you can't stop me from being me <3
Happy Hour. Right now. 4-8pm. Do it.
Oops! Found my lost button in the dryer but missed the bus...J4 here I come!
#YouWereCuteUntil I Found Out You Hit Females...
Our vacation host says, "The birds are tweeting." Took me a second to remember that birds can do that.
:D It hit me while talking to one of my friends about something they were dealing with and I had to share it.
Morissey you old fart, I still love you!
I hate to admit this, but I haven't physically been in a library - other than to check out the rare book or interlibrary loan - for years.
LMAO sorry i dont want to sing >:)
met with the All Saints block club last night...there are dozens of block clubs forming! The Ward Council is starting to take shape.
i made a track to yalls definition beat, im actually interested in buying exclusive rights for it hope u enjoy it
Look, Steelers, I really don't like you. But c'mon, you're losing to Tebow?? WTF? Get in the game.
Sounds like a lot! Considering that's not the only free filtering/photo sharing app out there. Pays off to be #Zuckerberg friend!
Be yourself. Who else is better qualified?
we was cracking up in the movies
please hire frontier next time...
Im in such a technology loop that I almost checked google+.
Whoops! You were so close! The correct answer is The Backstreet Boys!
;; They're ruhtarded
Americans will consume 112.5 million gallons of beer tomorrow, according to estimates.
Thanks for the mention!
Finally got up in tha studio last night. Killed some traks as you already know. RT if you doin yo thang
hello G&T. you are extra delicious with this juicy lime.
thank you :)
I'm not paranoid! Which of my enemies told you this?'
I wish would come to Nola for a guest spot. I need ink :(
omw to go see my brother :D
lol , very simple nothing to lose MVP done !!! Let's go Bulls!!!
I think you're working too hard!
walking from the Santa Monica Boardwalk to Venice Beach. This is a workout! 😝
Ditto! RT ": I actually like this battle round. #TheVoice"
7 straight games the #cards have held teams to below 25% 3 point shooting.
Relax; I know what I'm doing. I just haven't done it before.
Good luck!
Other side of the sign: M-I-I-I-STER PRESIDENT. I like the sound of that.
Elites purchase excellent schooling, middle class fight to game the system, working class & poor are shut out.
Destiny is not a matter of change, it is a matter of choice; it is not a thing to be waited for, it is a thing to be achieved
just read it....lololololol
Come on in and try one of our kids cooking classes!
Dealing with a #CaseOfTheMondays... Gonna fight it off at 's lunch buffet. #yum!
Next week I will be talkin #socialmedia in front of a group of 200 people! Any tips on how to shake these nerves & give a rockin speech? :)
Just got home.... whew...I went on after the awards and they went on and on and on......
RT:The moment when you realize that studying your family would be the best way to pass your psych nursing final...
i record at home but man I dnt kno how to mix and master that shit good
My First Stethoscope
Rachel Winship has stepped down as Partner to spend more time with her little boys, but is still available through the firm for Family law
I am so floating. GBR
it's all good. I'll get it from someone else tonight. I like you though you respect the humor!
Just got done with NFTC.. And I killed! Im proud of my self! S/O to everybody that wished me luck!! All the motivation helped me!
Just tried the new 8 Layer Dip... heaven
At Community Schools National Forum today. #ccsforum2012 Our E.D. LaShawn Route Chatmon will speak on the lunch plenary panel.
When people complain about how Twitter isn't a diary...actually, it is. You just choose to read it.
oh... Well, you did a good job anyway:)
I kinda wanna take a nap
God, we were all dearly concerned for you!
Finna kick it wit my cousins tonight.
Logistics problem of the night 6 bottles of wine and a big screen tv all traveling to 19th st..TV left behind don't steal it!
An awesome weekend is almost here.
I think my account has been hacked
That's sick!! Can you make the n lower case, space out the first line from the second, and make it all white?
damn I'm sexy and I know it
I hate packing with such a vengeance, it's not normal.
That makes so much more sense in context.
You & the boys will be one hour away from me next week & I don't have tickets to the show wa how awful! )': x
happy holidays to you as well!
on second thoughts.
pop up weak grounder foul out strikeout thrown out at first on dropped ball
#prayers for my boyfriend's best friend would be appreciated. he got thrown off his bike and hit head in with a jeep.
Really would love to see a Twitter stream filled with live tweets from faculty meetings. What a rich data source that would be!
Casino War? Really? I hope you're at least watching drunk.
We too often love things and use people, when we should be using things and loving people.
New wardrobe! Seems like a good year to invest in new signature pieces. Next month I'm filling my wardrobe with COLOR!
Whoever is happy will make others happy too. He who has courage and faith will never perish in misery. --Anne Frank
whoever produced that car commercial featuring #spandauballet is in trouble. that darn song is #stuckinmyhead this is the sound of my soul
Done done done done done done. I'm a senior?
RT : "Coming together is a beginning. Keeping together is progress. Working together is success." - Henry Ford
naw see u got it twisted. Cuss las time I checked YOU was the hoe. Y u tryna front n sht
You think passing a test means anything more than you are good at passing tests? Test are over rated.
Shorter men live longer than taller men?
Dear GOD, Mary-Kate, Christina Ricci, and ScarJo are OWNING their looks!
#SpiceChat I think
I wish for wealth not fame. Haha! (ok both) I play a part of a mom with an autistic child. It was fun.
ah, man, can't. Car getting ready/fixed for cross country trip! Thanks for invite--next time!
You're beating me on #wwf cus one of us is using their knowledge and one of us is using the net to find words missy
I sold my "67 Shelby". #Doh!
Watching #Supernatural. "What is a #Kardashian?" A bloodsucker...
If I can't pronounce it, I don't want to eat it.
Two cool new things in #kforce #milw this week. Congrats to Danielle L on two yrs w/ us and a big welcome back to Jessica F!
I couldn't believe Cardinals actually won. They were great. San Diego won, too. Great games.
When girls wear heels and they are already as tall as a giant.
Poised Creation has enjoyed its research into the entertainment industry!
Vernon Did !
R.I.P. Jimbo King. Thanks for all you taught me about life, not just football.
RT : Too many sports happening right now
Go USA! Let's beat England like they (BP) stole something. Don't Tread On Me!
(cont) Didn't take long for that to change w report today that 50% of people now have smartphones. Time to focus on them yet?
blew us away last year when she was on the cast of our show "twenty-four" at #FF both!
I was just gonna say that D;
running errands today Steven, I'll pass anything I like down the road :)
well. okay. back to fan girling over 5 homosexuals. c:
Retweeted that even with my annoyance. Naturally City scores 5 seconds after i put that game on.
AS of 6:26 pm, ground is steady, sky is quiet. No blood running down the walls, no zombies. As a SFX project, this #rapture is lacking.
I'm not exactly sure why all these rumors are popping up, but hell keep showing the word how much of a liar you are(; Making me look good(;
My hopes of having an evening out that does not involve Flanny's has been dashed. Fuck it. There is the mystery of comic girls of the Inner.
Olivia calls her favorite barista "CoCo" hahaha! Maybe she should change her name tag!
Follow-up ... how well do you know your numbers against pitchers? look that up before each series, or just know in your head?
Couldn't keep up with the Cupid Shuffle tonight.
RT : I'll have a booth with killer merch at Coventry Street Fair this coming Sunday June 24 from 12-6 thanks
Leptirica (The She-Butterfly) [Yugoslavia Vampire-Horror Film English Subs 1973] P5
Listening to the latest rough mixes and feeling very pleased. (Special thanks to !)
In Wisconsin... So close yet so far away...
It's twelve noon ain't no harm in self inducing a snooze...
how is your shoulder feeling today?
Hahahaha, no, I'm usually passing on things about the power of social media. I'll make sure to add that in there though ;)
NOPE denim niggas try to wear it ALL like denim #thisainthat RT : Seersucker suit four days in a row. Entire month?
wat happen 2 stlye? why so many copy cats?
Shook need to hurry up and end
Happy birthday S/O to my stepson T-Money!! He turns 10 today!!
Went to Rivers Casino tonight & loved it.
A positive attitude may not solve all your problems, but it will annoy enough people to make it worth the effort.
The Best New Gear for Home Improvements - MarketWatch (press release)
The new Rise Against album is amazing!
thanks for coming by yesterday... Come check out classes soon...
i dont know what to get her do you have any ideas
I'm beyond excited for my trip back home to Africa..
Make a 100 on this test and I have a 951 average..#boom!
that's where I will be is with and and
I'm not. I don't sign bands. Just put out music by them. Funds are for me, tho, for the next half year as I'm moving to MA soon!
just cut there was no point in staying in school smfh
I will watch it!!, this is late?? lol
I need to print out my sat n act admission tickets
Makes me weak when I think about u
LOVE YOU TOO and can't wait for #believe !!!!:D
I'm needing tickets to the DCI World Class Finals Saturday night at Lucas Oil. The higher up the better.
I believe you will have to follow me in order for me to DM you.
Oh can't wait to have another meatball night on saturday!! :) hehe
I hope ot happens for you two :)
Your thoughts are poetry,your actions are revolutionary,and your presence fills me with awe. You are perfect!
At the plenary session of the Forging a Sustainable Future @ San Diego State, put on by UnitedGREEN. Wide-ranging, fascinating & scary.
Happy 50th birthday, Target! Thanks for the cheese, ham and crackers! 😒
I don't think the majority of people understand Twitter yet, hence they treat it like FB. (Me too sometimes)
... thatz whatz up ..always a good thinG 2 do. ♥
Swag - Saved With Amazing Grace <3
:D oh. What does Liz Gilles call her fans?
How nice of you to celebrate! Be sure to thank her for all she does each day to advance
How does one become a LEADER? by "Pursuing the path of self-mastery & continuous learning" - inspired by "The Slight Edge".
Free 1day session
Where are you working out?
That was like 2007. I remember I ordered the Giant Series DVD because you told me about that match and then we found out there..
your welcome(:
People who drive like assholes on agor while I'm trying to sleep <<<<<<
For you, I would make an exception.
Finding New Friends Online!
The Sheraton Wedding will be a vibrant atmosphere after you go to a trainer Aspen Penn Square Mall Athletic Club.
Heading back to Boston for Act I run thru of
they come up a lot so if I get a bead on a modular one I'll let you know!
I'm not sure I'm actually catching the drift of this #marchmadness trend.
thank u !!
Two arrested this morn ... RT : #Tulsa police chief on shootings: "It sickens me, it angers me."
Bye bye blackberry hello android
More than naughty, that's posivitively criminal. All fixed, and we've sacked our special advisor.
Cincinnati is without doubt good with this!
I was screaming when i saw in the tv on kca n my dad was like wtf chilax
Prepping for demo day. This will be something that SQ has never seen.
Really interesting developments “: Attending "Library's Swiss Army Knife: Using smart phones for info discovery..." #acrl2011”
I am thinking positive heading into the late game tomorrow. 8 PM MST start.
Hate when ppl doubt my work, I feel discredited. But theyll c the outcome sooner or lata & will regret not takin the chance on me
No, no Derby for me. Someday, someday. Will you be working it?
PLEASE POST IT!!
same to you, my friend. I know you're watching the playoffs this weekend. Word. lol
I love Chicago.
yeah that would be a deal if I could stay there for winter and leave before the 100-degree summer chains me to air conditioners :)
bar at Roaring Fork? /cc
If you think that pbl is just for your most advanced.... Think again.... #COSN2012 #edtech Irving MSD
#ThatEx you can make em cheat on his new b.tch
yeah, and usually not a huge price diff btwn stations anyway. Awesome mpg on the neon! I get around 25 on my crv...
Auction time for at ! Very exciting...
Don't care for her style of singing. Too much Whitney Houston for me.
i do lol but yeah i was just thinking about that today for some reason idek lol
If u write in the moon light, the muse will come...
That a good idea...
Funny that the first laugh today was brought by
Happy Mothers Day. Enjoy your day if you are a Mom or if you love a child. Moms come in all sorts of packages. It all makes a difference!
Electricity went out at my house! Ugh!
If anyone saw our text message conversations, we'd be admitted to a psych ward! is still the best ever! :)
Chief Innovation Officer of the State of Maryland, () responding to other panelists.
thanks for the follow!
I'm wearing red skinny jeans. I'm feeling pretty good about it.
: don't get me started...
Did you know the wedding cakes were originally broken over the brides head? Ouch!
“If you don’t think you’re a winner, you don’t belong here.” ~Vince Lombardi
RT just won one of Outstanding Marketing Week and Outstanding Chapter Planning!
By election day Arianna will be a conservative again.
It happened. :-D
Happy Mothers Day! Be sure to do something special for ur moms :-)
Why don't everyone worry about people hungy, out of work, economy sucking dick, lousy shit politicians, and the safety of our children!
...trying to write a story/review on your line and can't seem to locate your PR company (meaningful beauty didn't have info)
"There's not too many success stories where I come from." --Lebron James, calling his MVP award "overwhelming".
Losing my mind at this moment.
good!!! Glad to know people still love him <3
OH NO! Are you okay?
Come watch some #OpeningDay2012 action at the Grill tonight. Great HH specials til 7 too!
For nxt 24 hours, ConAgra Foods will donate 1 meal to FeedingAmerica for every tweet containing "#childhunger"
Either you run the day or the day runs you. Jim Rohn
I have a headache., ugh. Time fer bed.
its actually a nice day to skate,go to the pulga and have some more tacos and horchata!
You might try Katy Sai
RT : Dont let the enemy stop you from using your gift!!
I wonder if Karma Loop's t-shirts cut small
": The B R A I N → Forgets what I want to remember, Remembers what I want to forget."
nice! I should take mapbox for a spin
All shit walk around the club fuck everybody
When anyone refuses to be competitive, petty, self-serving, self-indulgent, narcissistic, or hierarchical, it shakes up the world."
W/ all the weight folks lose on #DWTS, you should open a dance studio! Los Feliz biz idea; come in zaftig, leave svelte!
U shouldn't judge ppl
I love justice so much more cause hes obviously ignoring you. Get out of the scene!
#LTBroadcasts "It looks as though the government in Washington might give the foreign diplomats a bit of police protection" (5/14/31)
Spring is here and Creative Playthings introduces two new play sets: the Manchester and the Ridgefield Play has a basic role in the child
more important than bars staying open later there should be more access to public transportation to keep the roads safe
Today's BTU inspiration: "Look at life through the windshield, not the rear-view mirror." ~Byrd Baggett
take the grey one as it's the #crazymadwild choice.
RT : Thanks for RT. Please consider following us.
I stay burnt out like a bad transmission
I wanna okay tackle football ! Maybe I can take out some of my stress....
That's not a file. What file is it complaining about?
even if me and justin don't get married and make babies i will find a way to get his sperm ok
"Told ya so! Told ya so!"--Afghanistan
she doesn't even go here! Idk how that's relevant but its the first thing I though of..
Im the first to point out when a girl is pretty . . Girls that do nothing but insult other females are self-concious and pathetic.
Goodmorning!!!!!!!! What have u been doin?
is experimenting...cardamom infused buttercream...beautiful....
best thing I've read in a while! Thanks for trying to find a middle ground among all the food-extremism!
tell your bosses thank u for ruining what could of been the biggest movie ever. Their greed cost the #HALOMOVIE to be canned
This Girl Always Hungry ,.! Im Startin' To Think Niggas Dont Feed Her .
Loving the #spoonman performance @ the soirée. The bubbles, pretzels & company are stellar.
Hating everytime you go 2 see someone unplanned their not there grrr >.<
i feel so lazy...
I LOVE YOU TOO! <3 you make our day better too, remember that. (:
Hey Molly, Do you want Volunteer again on Friday?????
Thank you! Happy Holidays to you too :)
what mediums do you guys want us to focus on?
I've heard peanut butter works well.
Use your United Way Bluegrass Caring Club Card to receive a special discount at APS Communications! All Caring Club members receive...
I lovee alexis soo much!! She's my bestieeee for life:*
Do you really think they would want me? Why do you think I should apply?
yes. Everything is right in the world. Now if only the tarheels can win it would be spectacular.
I member last year in Geometry, I would always sleep in that class & still A's everything
At #SDLFF, Os Normais 2 was silly but I laughed my a** off. The Station of the Forgotten and El Baile de la Victoria were good dramas.
thought of the day part 3: to make money digitally journos must find small paying audiences or enormous free audiences.
Thanks for the foodt.. I starve.
When wishing people tidings of comfort and joy, comfort and joy, I speak in my Randy "Macho Man" Savage voice.
817 followers and counting. Follow us and we will follow back.
What if instead of measuring GDP we embraced the Indigenous concept of "buen vivir" - happiness, health and harmony?
Can't wait for you visit the islands! RT : A2) This is sad but Hawaii...FINALLY. Exploring Maui and Kauii in April
to many good rappers working on crap beats cuz they get the shit free! treat yourself with more value and cop better beats!
Basketball this early>> :)
HA! That made my day. Nice to meet you!
This new Brandy today though.... HYES!
I'd stay in the Renaissance b/c I like swanky - but I'll be too poor and likely underemployed to stay in a hotel
So fuckin hungry
hey u. you're in MIA now? can you help me convince adrienne to get on here?
Tumblr aggregates all kinds of social media. QR codes bring people to the Tumblr page. This brings content to target audiences.
Looking forward to the MKTG planning meeting tn for International Partners in Mission's Namaste Event!!! Gonna be great!
Mcdonald's lays potato fries
good luck guys!
People in CA MOSTLY get it on the Fwy. But they are so unused to walking, they fail at using the sidewalk/elevators.
Get to drive my nana places since she cant drive:)
My favorite part is right after he asks "do you care" Lahey goes again "Go ahead ask me" haha "I'm mowin the air Ran"
I offer free Google Places setup with any new social media contract. This is great info!
you should follow , a UVA PhD in music and now a post-doc at Occidental. She is also in a great band called
I just got a call that I won a chance to meet from you, is that real?!
People who follow me on here please follow my other account im going to delete this accout very soon! Thanks :) xx
and I would be okay with Courtney!
Aloha from Bangkok :)
Killed my high,, brought bakk down,, not feelin like communicating too much
haven't yet -- just found out today we probably can get some space; waiting to hear if there's any potential funding/sponsors
Are taking your special someone out for fun this weekend? Healthy couples have fun together!
is my absolute favorite athlete, person, and friend in the world.
i love it! and the mission is fantastic! well done!
RT if you read this
Evening pull + visit with !
he did such a good job today--met lots of new people and has been thoroughly cuddled!
It was ok. We went to the SIL's house and had a nice dinner. Maria liked her gift, so it was good.
Thank You.Her blog is therapy for her. I have been out of touch because life just kinda took over, but I will be in touch with you.
it's so good!
Fantasy Baseball Update: Five Over-Achievers from Week 1
I screwed up
Matt "The Walker" is stopping by Z-CoiL on 4th St. in #ABQ @ 11am today! Come by, hear his stories, & share some fun!
Last day of our European tour. We return from Barcelona tomorrow. It's been a fantastic journey!
ahahah hell yeah
say you love me again!!
Arlington, VA...just outside of DC.
coming to the show mate?
hell ya!
Thanks to statewide Angel Campbell and I are making it official that we are going to try our hands in a relationship a 2nd time around.
Thank you to everyone for the sweet birthday wishes! I feel great :)
it gets easier thankfully as you keep routinely exercising. Today's my gym day. 25 min on Eliptical &I'm done. ;)
GROCERIES for JUICING: Kale Romaine Lemons Pineapple Apples Ginger Celery Cucumber Parsley Cilantro
did you hide a shirt?
“: Being an idiot = not charming” WHAT, ARE YOU GOING TO TELL ME THERES NO SANTA CLAUS NOW?
Go Follow ASAP #teamblackhouse---->
Music > everything else
CPNYS will not authorize me on their ballot. I wish to thank my many CP backers, Mike Long & his committee. Now we focus 100% on GOP!
watching the news.
Spent this past weekend working. Still and extra 16 hours of pay is not too bad. So tired. I think I can go to sleep early Tuesday night.
My odds have to be slightly better than winning the lottery right? Amazing to win both though!
you wrong, but it's cool. On to the next one.
;) I'm just glad u're on the way to HEALTH! RT Props 2 4 calling it early. My Dr. said Neti Pot & an antibiotic.
id be bullied into the ground though
Now at the bar. RT : Arizona baseball strikes for five runs in the top of the 6th. The Wildcats now lead the Sun Devils, 10-0.
I really want a buffalo chicken footlong Subway sandwhich!
That guy could not look more 1) drunk, 2) from North Dakota, and 3) like he fabricated having a girlfriend.
Learn How to Finesse or DONT try that shit you gone fuck around an kill yo self
won wats up
#2011icf | China's coaching roots: 7th Cent. Zen Buddhism. Experiential wisdom, direct self-realization, questions and metaphor.
Haha all 2k people left at #bigbanks #Bailout are super invested in foul ball pursuit. Take us home Ax. They refuse to play Refused.
Hope you had fun buddy!
Just Loveland, Co & visited & stayed at Wild Lane Bed & Breakfast Inn. Excellent!! Quaint. (970) 669-0303‎ Highly recommend it.
Hi darling Brian. How are you?
really? Brothers? I never would have guessed!! (which episode?)
What chu know bout money Girl
I should have brought scotch.
STRAW BERRY ICE CREAM | Curry Fry Recipes Snacks Sweets ...
Data breaches everywhere. Pone an Institute estimates cost at $214 per compromised record. Stay aware and alert! Protect that data
Which part of Texas do you live?
The theme for the Denver Broncos draft picks? Where's the beef? We have to get bigger and more physical up front!!!
well-deserved!
Like would say
Excited for today's Exposed event in NYC!!
Thanks for the RT & mentions. I love getting inspiration.
LOL so true. one's saltyness creates some great euphoria for the Opponent
there's an idea.. wesley's wise words of the day! It should become a regular daily tweet thing.
come find me when you get in the building
,i do belive im in luv with u,i personaly invite u over for the night
Let's go I want Trumaine Johnson!
oh thanx so much!ill also try meself 2 help me and try 2 get cody 2 see me!
NEWS FLASH: The seagull came back from Utah tracing his genealogy. He says his ancestors were Thespesius. He wasn't proud.
so..? How do you say it in Spanish? I'll never replace my beloved "FUCK!" but I do like expanding my profanity-based repertoire.
Y'all Wildcat fans must wish the Yum! was urs
i miss you too!!
I'm Leavingg For School :/! Adios!
Did everyone have a good holiday weekend?
I hate when people retweet a person I dont follow in the first olace because one he is an dumbass and two I hate him
#truth RT : Don't you wish that you could just hit "Control + Z" in life sometimes?
Been listening to Fleetwood Mac nonstop since killed it on Friday I think I'm my mom.
This makes Farve to Vikes easier to swallow. Have fun w/ YOUR Diva - Queens! Lol RT : Hey Brett Favre. Right now!
On the road back from #BBM.....Great times....more to come!!!!
You bet! We are so happy to be a member of GQuality. It's really given us a chance to listen to our customers, every day.
your not that old zac.
I'm still making it, but on my 2 days off....like I said, I suck
ESPN 30 For 30? RT : When are we going to learn about the George Kokinis story???
. let's get bonfire by #bonfire playing!!!
Can anyone cover a morning shift (9:30 am-1:30 pm) at the fireworks tent tomorrow morning (thurs)?
Yes, I have spent my day off watching The Golden Palace on YouTube. Why isnt this on DVD yet?
I know now... U hate me
you misses it all slacker :) RT“: Out of the loop lately (and generally out of it)...what's been happening on Twitter?”
Hoyas' DE Andrew Schaetzke invited to Cincinnati Bengals mini-camp for rookies on heels of Patriot League Defensive POY senior season.
Are you a skymiles member? Gold? Platinum?
Welcome, , to the tweet world. Thanks for following and prepare for a whole new world.
I don't know if my stomach is growling cuz I'm hungry or if that's my liver crying cuz it's the weekend.
thank you Katharine!! i may or may not be blushing right now. you're the best.
I have great fears we shall never find M! And I shall be uber sad.
Aloha Weekend Time .. Yay .. Sunshine & fun 8-)
Watching Pan's Labyrinth, one of my absolute favorite movies of all time.
Congratulations Jessica Lange!!! Rage it tonight sister!!! 420!!
First day of spring and it's brrrr cold out!
Tf that mean
DATS RIGHT :* Ponton approved “: Got the best friend stamp of approval #relief #rideordiechick 😰😓😘😃👍”
I agree with you!!
We want to wish the happiest of Mother's Days to all of the incredible, tireless moms out there. We salute you today.
Hello tweets my first time so show some love
Bosh having a strain n not a tear is great news... Hope he will be back by game 2 or 3 of the third round
"We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, then, is not an act, but a habit." ~ #Aristotle (via )
OH WHAT UP Miss lady!!!! BOOM!!! "DROP THE F*CKIN BEAT"!!!
Off to bed. #goodnighttweetybirds!
Need it Bring Back Ringer
Good day!!
“: Good day to be a ticket sales rep for the broncos..." How bout being a Jacksonville Jags sales rep when they snag Tebow?
night loves! School sucks📝! Up early! Xoxo 💗
You're welcome! I've had that one on #Pinterest for several months. I have 3 in my favorites. Love The Painted Puddle :-)
"so , why the second order? If refs follow your rules then why would teams feel the need to break the rules?"
Obama may have not done alot w/ his 4 years but i've seen some improvement. It's going to take long than 4 to eight years to fix the sh.t
laughing at all the seniors this year tweets complaining about being at school. god i love being in college
same to you buddy. Happy #ThursdayNightHoopla to you too.
RW RT OK, so "leverage" is a bad word now?
I hope I get to chill with this weekend! I miss her lots and lots!
Working on new tracks, The Bastard Son Of Iggy Pop, People Come From Monkeys and Mercy Brown.
Wedding Shoppe, Inc. Introduces Exclusive Bridesmaid Collection, Kennedy Blue
Real love
man i feel really bad about not going to practice, i wanted to go so bad. i feel like i let my team down :\
is love, my friend
I was thinking the same thing! Don't worry I'll represent!
I'm about to prove that twitter's calculator is so wrong..I'm going to unfollow everybody then follow everybody on my followers list
He said "I love Castro" and respect him because "people have wanted to kill [him] for... years, but...[he's] still there"
Amazing how much money you have on your checking account when you stop spending it all.
Lombardi hits 200 regular perfomances tonight...congrats to cast and creative team on keeping Vince going!
Man,enough about Flacco and Reed. In Balto it's a non-issue. You guys need to find another topic. Leave the Ravens alone alrdy.
totes awesome!
Last Train Out. You coming or not? Wait... what was that? Oh...Im sorry guys, it appears the Last Train has left. Sorry. Come see us...
- There is a free conference for teachers at Wayne State today. #edcampDetroit - Can you show some twitter love for us?
you think soulja boy gonna be mad? Lmao
I often find it interesting how liberals believe giving individuals/groups a title makes them some more then they are.,)
Thanks for the info! It was a lovely book - we'll be voting on these next month!
Why is a film that has a lot of things in common with PIRANHA (hard R exploitation flick), why is it PG13?
Comedians make me laugh
Who's #1 on the countdown tonight? HEY! I JUST MET YOU!
hey! i miss my library world. how goes it at MLA?
Tornado mom: New foot, big day
thx how u been?
So I have two job interviews tomorrow.
#stank problems lol
Teen Titans ? Oh I miss that show so much..."When there's trouble you know who to call, TEEN TITANS!!!" <3
RT : It doesn't matter where you are coming from. All that matters is where you are going. ~ Brian Tracy
One result has gone the right way, YES! Mon the Eire, mon!.
show them how you do it!
#letsgosox proud of my team
Excited for Cincinnati opening day! Go Redlegs!
- this one takes place in the Backbar, so it has a 21+ requirement.
It took an accident to try and fix this? Crazy the way this world works.
was all like, "oh shit, son!" and Will's all like, "I'mma hide behind you, bro! Slime on bitches!" ;)
Come on - you can't lose in the garden with your favorite fan watching!!!
I don't even want to know.
That means walking 5 miles! Grab a pedometer and start stepping
62 pets have been adopted in our 24/7 Adoption Event with 36 hours to go! Help us reach our goal of finding homes for 200 pets!...
lol lol we not I HOPE
thanks steph <3 I hope so (:
Our love is like a roller coaster but I wouldn't trade it for anything.
Cleaning out gannies pantry and sad to throw out the Carrot Ring w Creamed Fish recipe but can't take everything w me.
watching Idol
In love, the paradox occurs that two beings become one and yet remain two
#nowplaying I Hate That You Love Me - Diddy-Dirty Money () #LTTP is HOT!
morning Karen. Had that rain too, down here in #Charlotte. Nice to get a soaking once & again. Here ya on the
Terrible reality show idea: "America's Got Rabies." Also, Jersey Shore.
no way soapy. Too much energy !! XO
#AAM2012 presenters, please speak into the mic! Lots of quiet voices on the panels.
Andrew Young, mayor of Atlanta, US Congressman & Ambassador to United Nations born 12 March 1932 I photographed him playing tennis in 1970s
Hello, Monday. Didn't expect to see you again so soon!
I don't retweet and favorite our tweet because I like you. its because I like your tweet.
Looking forward to speaking at this mornings #smac breakfast.
GM Twitter Friends!
I always wanted to be somebody, but now I realize I should have been more specific.
yes he does, sometimes he leaves me to go play the drums(;
obviously a women that likes her hair pulled or maybe somebody wants too try it.
Leaves falling, temps dropping, make sure to keep the hands warm and moisturized
The thing about 5hour energy drink is that they are so hard to open and I just don't have the energy.
lol ok dude
I like to think of the ability to learn to code as a mental disease.
thanks lol I tried I gotta like shade shit though . I can't draw for my life
Nice , i just planned my anatomy stuff
What a gorgeous morning!! Enjoy your day
Could the Celtics have played any worse in that 3rd quarter? Slow motion for 3 quarters and then tried to turn it on.
Thanks for all of your support Brandon. Almost there.
Ready for warmer weather.
in case they ax about me
I don't hate you, but your beauty distracts me from your science.
i wanna be a billionair so freaking bad
Let us love, not in word or speech, but in truth and action. -The Bible, 1 John 3
Today is my Birthday!!! :)
hahah your ready to kick some major ass right now!
#WeWontWork if you stay Saying you gonna do this, n dont keep yo word
Called my daddy to apologize....
now what about "i went to the hospital" or "lionkiller" ? literalism in music is a trip, next time i'm under a hedge ill hum that
why problems with you boyfriend
I like "starving artist!" Great concept and the singer is dope too!!
just finished a session done for the night
We are never more like Christ than when we #forgive!
Hello , May .
You should rap more! Heck, you could even rap with Diggy Simmons, or Mindless Behavior
I can't wait to see and at Sunfest this thursday!!! yeah budddddyyyyy!!
Whether you express yourself using your middle finger or your index finger to click a mouse, it is protected speech, IMO.
Eli Manning jersey to Church?
GO MARK ROCKLING GO! Good luck tomorrow!
this tweet led directly to one war horse ticket for dec. 31! thank you nutmeg! thank you twitter!
super random thought, but it blows my mind that the trojan horse actually worked. i mean, REALLY, guys? weaksauce.
I'm doing good. Relaxing how are doing?
Finally done.
because you dont check twitter enough! ;)
let's do it looks so fun!
Sitting in the driveway, hazard lights are on, yet some drunk chick still walks right into the car.
Madonna shut it down!!!!!
Why would I want to follow Bank of America?
and now to Olly with the black weather. "It gonna rain!" Thanks Olly.
Surrounded by Yankees fans with Southern accents. Truly one of he greatest nights of my life.
Makes me wanna take a back road, makes me wanna take the long way home (; #JasonAldean<3
where at prom? Jkells gettin rowdy at prom.
I just registered for the #GMAT and after which felt the sudden urge to run around the room flailing my arms in a panic
Today is a coffee date kind of day! Get a FREE Small Premium Roast Coffee at McD's! ^Eugene/PDX area only
Ok the last thing to make the start of the weekend just f'ng fabulous
right! I logged on FB and my phone started going crazy. I didn't know what the hell was going on.
Bruce Willis maybe
speak english motherf@#$%^
Three women walk into a Nobel Peace Prize. World stops, sighs, holds hope!
Biology Final tomorrow, ughh.
Follow and download his mixtape "Stuck to the Sidewalk" !
LULZ MT : A funct. blueprint 2 recover US democracy not going 2 emerge from the Anarchist Insurrect. [but] from the middle.
Debating if i should go super slacker or just semi-slacker to school tomorrow... Hmm... Decisions decisions :)
I should have seen it coming with how you have treated other friends.
I don't know, it's just never NOT amusing to me. How can I do this? What makes them move?
I swear if #oomf is at the airport when I arrive I will be the happiest woman alive! Smh idk what to believe anymore lol.
but they aren't paying attention to the recovery & that the policies DID work.
Good mornin twitter
what were you doin' up in Swampsville?
Legendary race driver and Shelby Cobra designer Carroll Shelby has died at age 89. Source: AP
Disney is to education what global warming is to polar bears. #whatfacts?
- Thank you for the compliment. Hope we see you again soon!
On mother's day, no less! Best wishes!
Wow! Wow! Awesome!
ur gonna be so mad at me
mountain man...played by Robert Redford?
Louisville... Impressive win.
Started Italian language lessons tonight at the Italian Institute. "Io mi chiamo Scott o Antonio. Buona serata!"
any chance of you coming back to Pittsburgh, PA in the near future? That would be tremendous.
Who won the football contest?
thank you!! I hope you're doing well!!
mine was too but i just took the "free" wash lol
One day, we'll be in the same place at the same time.
In Bay Bridge traffic. People pulled over and napping while waiting out the traffic.
you should probably put your picture of you without braces on here. #you.are.beautiful. <3
I am so happy I won't have to take any more Addies until fall semester
R U GOIN?
hey guys!
Shout it out loud to the Green Mile Co. Check em out the green is gonna blow ur mind.
r u kidding?
wear slip-ons!
good read! I was wondering about it the other day!
we should have a CCD Affinity Group for lunch at
I know das right. REAL fans stick by their teams!
what happened in Ontario tonight?
great and yea ii seen the advertisement on YouTube. It look So good. Go see! Lol
Follow us and receive a free class
Working on a great article about photographing SWAT standoffs. It's gonna be filled with photos from actual scenes! www.newsphotobiz.com
Had a delicious Chef Celebration dinner at Delicia's. AMAZING food all for a great cause!
True, plus I think the Badgers are 9-1 in the first round under Bo Ryan, so maybe a 2nd Rnd loss, but I don't think Sweet 16
#HachettePrev Today is the Day! Looking forward to seeing a great group of librarians today!
I like girls that wear sneakers , Pretty Girls With Glasses and Girls that know good hiphop.
The gym did me good today got a lot of thinking in but the good kind
Surprised the experts did not mention Celtics fouling Lou Williams so Philly can't make a three to tie game - great strategy
Omg. Beauty Bar. DJ Red Eye. My fave Saturday nights ever. Just beginning.
Fabulous day today in North Alabama. Cool, fresh air with clear, blue skies. Hard to believe weather has EVER been an issue.
this freaking weekend bro ! It's so close
getting ready for 78 degrees in buffalo again yeah buddy!!
I don't want to wake up. -.- I'm so mad my dad called and woke me up when my dream was in a good spot now I will never know what happens lol
For the next couple minutes
nice avi btw! not sure how long you've had that one up but I just now noticed it :P
That was a weak make up call on Harden for Jelly Bean jr.
also, that green dress shirt. where do you even find that color? MAYBE with a brown suit, but he mostly looked weird
Go to your show and kill you & yo hype man.
“: Tonight at City Tavern in Dallas! Show starts at 9:00! Also be sure to pick up the EP for $5!” See you there
I hate Mondays. :-/
Ha I hear ya. I saw Skyrim at the rogers by your place for rent! Looks sick. That's if Rogers hasn't gone bankrupt yet....
Having a chill sub in spanish >>
Buying condoms and lube is always awkward.
but it all depends on the test. If it rigorously tests skills/knowledge that'll prep kids 4 success, it should drive instruction
Truce. :) Sry, I like to debate. Always surprised by what ppl say when challenged. That is when the best ideas happen.
text me about lunch
Today's a pretty good day, huh?
Almost school time -_-
Im a volunteer 4 #ISM2012! Twt me if u need advice, transit help, dinner recs
Me and Bryant been beefing all day today. I ain't even seen that man in months, but when I do he getting Molly wooped!
