Weeding more old files. Found notes mailed by DH back in salad days of dating. These are keepers.
It would REALLY be like college again of we were in a bar, watching Devin Preston pull a stealth burrito out of his jacket.
Interested in your content editable script. Can we talk? Jim 440-544-6530
He wants more Thickfreakness, as do I. RT : Hate the production? Do expand on that, if so inclined.
THANKS GUYS! :)
Led Pancake
Anyone wearing an OKC Thunder shirt or gear at any Seattle sporting events should be shot.
I love when customers don't tip me it just makes my shift perfect #lovepeople 😒
like your present? (: lolol.
Everyone come to Roulette on Thursday to hear us play !!
and now it was the beginning
thank you so much, you changed me, im going to make you proud i promise..u rock oh yeaI CANT FEEL MY LEGS! LOL 4life
drank a whole bottle of johnnie walker blue last night! liver loves me!
RT : Ray J back at Floyd house playing one wish on the piano
This is great. It's like, hiking without actually having to.....hike.
Didn't know it would be so hard to buy some fuckin concert tickets.
Celebrate the heroes in your life today and everyday. Our history is important!
cue up Queen. it's fucking magic for what ails.
talk to me
Truth hurts!
The Avengers ain't going nowhere. I'll wait til next week when it ain't crowded. Awesomeness don't have an expiration date ;)
Congrats! I'm a dyed-in-the-wool renter, too. Solidarity, sister!
Did the intern forget to turn the ringer off?
Got to hang out at #Kykuit all day at work. Everything's so pretty there!
fitness tip: keep your workouts fun and change them up!" #dhoonya FIT is fun and a change no?! :)
Pandora can seem quant next to Spotify, Rdio, et al but when it's dialed into a playlist it's hard to beat. Try John Prine radio.
I just got it today, though I've been out of the library since Thursday. Thanks!
Just came across a site actually using text-decoration: blink. It was an inline style on a td.
Just got back from softball practice !!
Hey my uncle told me best at a tender age, that a man would f**k a hole in da tree if he could #I'mjustsaying (:O
just emptied my inbox!
i am cause hes just so damn sexy
is watching a documentary about plane crashes. He must want me to have a total meltdown for our TX trip,
Researching if it's possible to #draw in #perspective with vanishing points off of the page, but without drawing the vanishing points...
you need to get rid of javy guerra and adam kennedy. they are absolutely awful
Sure you could search dozens of sites for bar and restaurant specials. OR you could visit WOM House and find ALL of L.B.I's local specials!
Pleasant surprise. A former employer called. There might be more work! C programming.
aw thanks! been my handle long before twitter=)
Why am I breaking out into hives?!
It's all good. We have mutual "friends" but have never met...that's why I was speaking. Maybe more going on than I knew.:)
Great conversation, thanks to all of our Text/Image panelists!
desserts spelled backwards 🍰 😊 RT “: Stressed.”
Yeah its a snow day now I can work on more bows!!!
Me work for you??? Imagine that??? I'd make you my bitch!!!
Heading up to #citycollege in NYC to lecture as guest professor in Communications/Media Writing class for undergraduates.
#CountdownTo26 Help trend!
Having a top floor apartment on an 80+ degree day is no picnic.
Amen! #thisisthat RT : Never apologize for the Gospel.
lol yea you right
Save this date may19th Gemini vs Taurus At the ohm Celebrating fly Boi Nico b day
Just noticed a young Mary Tyler Moore and Katie Couric look a lot a like
Can't wait to see it!
#thatswhenyouthink "damn what did i get myself into?!"
Have any of our fellow paleo-ers out there added raw milk to their diets? What were the results?
No matter where u go they say u are who you are hmmp
windows down, pedal to the sneakers, turn up the volume, blow out the speakerss
Btw, watched #darkshadows earlier. stole every scene she was in.
mj you was the man
Sorry to hear about your loss.
Sometimes you have to think about others and not yourself
I told myself if I slept in 30mins that I won't be doing FB or Twitter. Well, I guess we know that was a failure...
#10ThingsThatAnnoyMe 1. When someone asks me to follow them when they ain't even following me -.-
via - Promising 9-Pound Bass To Turn Pro
I know what you're saying, but without hard evidence wouldn't you call that "speculation" in your own writing?
Graft allegation leads Wal-Mart 's vice chairman to quit MetLife board NEW YORK - Days after a New York Times report portrayed him as a k
Yes… : So...still a boring playoffs?”
Congrats you guys
fone done died on me
nope...rough winter and spring with an injury and being sick, I couldn't ever put together any consecutive weeks of running
Genre of what?
Everyone forgot my birthday,mypackage is lost in post office hell and I lost my wallet meaning I cant go home tomorrow.
I know at dah end of dah day i did everythinq i can .
test-ignore
thank you :)
you rock!
If the kick drum and bass guitar/synth bass are fighting each other in a mix how do you combat this problem other than volume?
trying to get a few records for project can u dm ur contact? thx
... my mom will take the street way before getting on 240 in a heartbeat. How irritating.
Donating blood today, (O+).
Knicks at MSG for playoffs, I'm having flashbacks
i wish i had cable so i could watch the home opener for the #excited. maybe i'll workout and watch the game today
Just saw this--so cool! It's great to see hard evidence of a syllabus affecting recs.
Stomach Got A Big Cramp Dis Ish Hurt
ima stay committed, rep my city, keep it real
like that at PV put them on that Gutta J Nino Brown youtube that S/O PV
0.7% of women are too busy having mandatory transvaginal ultrasounds. RT : Unemployment Rate For Women Has Increased From 7.3% To 8.0%
what's up fam?
let's quit life
too funny. I have some friends that last a week and others that are lucky to last a day. Nice color red though : )
I get a huge smile when I see all the positive comments receives. Very proud to be a part of this team!
He told that bitch off.
Everything else is just sprinkles on the sundae
R 's before T , so therefore #TEAMRED everyday and everynight ! <3
We believe that Las Vegas is one great party'! Get out and listen to great music! ;)
"no filter used" is sweet music to my ... eyes.
3 day weekend >>
Thanks! Next Wednesday is now marked on my calendar!
we definitely felt the shift this year! We didn't spend as much but we still enjoyed seeing our peers.
downloaded. so far so good.
Has it been a year since senior hottie already? Jeepers!
Thanks to all for your suggestions about giving my Max something special for his 21st - his choice?? A quicky cruise to Mexico - - Adios!
Today was weird and made me feel all weepy. It's amazing how much my mood improves when I get to stop talking about printers...
Let's go Giants.
Screaming babies are fun...screaming babies are fun...screaming babies are fun...
don't worry man. There's the College Years. Not as good, but helps to fill that void.
I'm running screaming from my computer, just received this ad - "Free 'Gamification' Webinar"...kill.me.now.
Heading to a rehearsal of the Intown Women's Glee Club!
damn I remember that
that sounds great!
What's in the queue?
absolutely not request GZip. The environment might make that hard for you; I don't know.
I miss you when I wake up.
Starred. RT : do my #burgerdreams come with that hunk, ?!
Tone it down. Geeze.
It's pregame, who cares. I get tired of them during the game, however and agree - the celebrities take away from broadcast.
Yea I have a sexy best friend , so what? ;)
Yeah. I got that good spanish hair. Lol
your Forbes articles this morning were great finds, loved the rock band article.
Hopefully me and the wifey gets to go the movies tomorrow
yeah man, I been workin on some, I also got some off soundclick
Have we printed a design for your brand lately? Post a photo on our page and show it to the world!
hey john. how are you? Been meaning to catch up and catch you up....
i'm i real gotten to the age were women loss interset in you if you are at that age women don't want to be with you because of that or what?
Just fyi... for any shows that are in tech and need a #librettist like on #nbcsmash ... I'm available... lmao!
I think the PDXposed youtube channel was hacked, there was a bunch of strange 4 second vids.
Hey, good luck on the 5K today! I hope you have fun, well at least as much fun as you can while running 5K anyways!
Lurked at the office for a minute today; homies got things on lock.
I think normal people refer to it as indigestion or at least gas
RT : RT : #wiunion Waukesha County - Our Ballot Bags Are Open for Business!
"I always tend to get away w/ things w/ just enough straps and red flags" -Alex on rigging shit on cars for highway driving.
And whoever I be with, they got nothing on you . That's just something to do when there's nothing to do - drake
if he was president that would be....... AWESOME!!! hey i gotta go and fix supper.. ttyl
love it - In my agency life I've worked with clients on so many ESPs, then found THE one -
Look for Farewell Fighter at Warped Tour! They'll b at all the dates!
me too!
why thank you ;)
"I guess we won't be getting rocked like a herman cain"
Remember when the this #NCAATournament was all chalk and (yawn) boring back on Thursday?
It really is scary, I hope that people truly begin to see the dangers. I am so sad for all involved.
I have had my popcorn ready n ate half of it starting 4/08. Lol
my favorite OS X Lion feature so far is the way it keeps corrupting my iTunes library
You did what? With who?
Aw you are rusty.
welcome to the Big Show, dude. Kinda rude of Stanton though.
It's only Tuesday and all I want to do is stay home and read
Screenwriting lecture has just begun for Film Camp!
Agreed. 2 years is perfect. I still think they need to get CJ more carries this year though.
Coffee sans SFO sounds good. Back next week?
Working from home today, my last chance to do this since I have been promoted and they will take my home office away at the end of the month
Thank you! :)
Bummer to hear Led Zeppelin's "Heartbreaker" without it being followed by "Living Loving Maid."
Good morning #Bartab! Happy #ThirstyThursday everyone! We got a special treat in store for you guys today so stay tuned!
Do you guys know how to post videos to Facebook?
Good morning! Getting ready for church. God has saved me, so I will give Him my love!!!
Because it gets cold around October.
Got a full weekend pass lol
"Gonna take me for a ride on a big jet plane" sheesh what a voice! <3
Yum!! RT : Another beautiful day in La Mesa and delicious pulled pork !
have you checked out THE EROTIC CHALLENGE .com. 50k and a modeling contract info
Adults are just kids with money.
Is Pete Wilson sticking with you? Other big-name GOPers, too?
Just got on the scale since october. That was a ten pound slap in the face.
and crazy...
White pussy taste like cream soda , black pussy taste like .well dark pussy taste like blackberries, Lightskinned girls taste like air lmao
I remember listening to Avenged Sevenfold back in 05 and they have been my favorite band ever since, inspired me to play guitar. \m/
Working on a website for a client, but really should be getting some rest....
Roped into watching Downton Abbey. Not nearly as good the second time around!
Okay so its back to the number game again. Ooooohhhhh boy
GREEN DAY
I think they night be lost on the listening audience... Actually really like the name.
Man I hope #AndrewLuck is a bust!! Tired of this nerd already #Watching The Draft
That changed the second Republicans took over the state legislature.
Thanks! MindLeaders offers skill development, certification and continuing education elearning courses. Follow us
First Book Club Meeting was a success. Can't wait to do it again next month.
The 700 Club pledge drive
: did you run down the elevator in reverse and teach the kid what adventure was?
Where do you see Upshaw's value? somewhere from 25-32? Maybe we trade down, take Upshaw, and gather some picks?
Everyone here at #TheWorldsMostFamousArena would like to wish a very Happy Birthday to Superstar !
..to conflate "supporting the troops" with supporting military action. Dumbest apparent consequence of Vietnam.
awww I'm okay in that department... not great (can't draw worth shit) but I can handle
is blowing up my feed x)
UPDATE: $44,000 raised today for the Bald Faced Truth Foundation. Thanks to all who bid, donated and give so much of their time for kids!
if you put that peep in the microwave it'd feel better. Promise.
I almost cried when I heard his name really! Hello Ryan Daniel! I love u.
... Get the fuck outta the game if u aint bookin my man!! is fukn boss as fuck!!!
We will be displaying for the first time the JoePa game at the mills mall in pittsburgh!
omg sweet!
Great to see Scott Lehman from drop by the offices. Always encouraged by his humility and selflessness.
They're calling typewriters analog laptops now? How about tPads?
okay omg everytime u tweet I cant help myself buy laugh at your icon!...wats better korean boys or greece boys?
agreed! RT : Having a BLAST on vacay and have been AWESOME..
“: I'm thankful for my family and life...but I'm mostly thankful for beer.” amen brother
More good news: Chulk will probably not be available to pitch tomorrow
Check Out A Video I made via #TalkFusion for Grimes Social Media Promotions — > Here
A simple way to sharpen kitchen shears: cut a piece of steel wool.
Saving the world may be a bit of an overstatement. But, lots of potential to reframe participation.
Okay cool and haha i prob. wont be driving so if the happy juice just happens to find me then idk.... haha j/k
love love love. Next time swoop the bang more or shorten it. Show those beautiful lined eyebrows. LOVE that the hair is bigger.
SO jealous!
Wine bar I am at is playing Whitney, in honor of the Queen... RIP
I screwed up my whole needle point in art lmao .
But forreal forreal I am glad I have a chest
Only the ones the teaches won't get pissed in. But my algebra teacher calls me Mrs. Porter. So that's swag for days.
RT I gotta pocket, gotta pocket full of sunshineNatasha Beddingfield. That what's on at the moment. #nowplaying Love that song!
I'm impressed by the tweeting of Mosher. Lots of second effort RT Impressed by Vinny Curry so far. Showed lots of second effort
aw, that's sweet. I hope you can!
#FF my new follower! :)
Tiger Woods’ pre-recorded Q&A with social media fans was … interesting
He said, you ain't no good, but you feel so good. He said, I know you bad.. but I want you bad.. but I gotta leave you alone..
If you just got your team a run you shouldn't give up a home run with the first pitch. Gorgen did.
Similarly, adult-child marriage can't happen because kids can't sign contracts.
trying new long route today..#excited..south thru the city instead of north out of town..lets see how many runners are out!!
Such a good night!
"Collect Gold Coins to unlock branches of the Federal Reserve where you defeat bosses and progress your quest to end the Federal Reserve."
Where is at i havent heard from her all week i guess she has gone a-wall.
so much for guaranteed points. Pack dodged a bullet there.
omg my neighbors are so loud.... like this is really annoying
hell yes!!
i do
Yea..... Mystic Soul deh pon patrol
definitely watching Double Rainbow in marketing right now with
Bur... Its getting cold out there.
If you feel close to something, you don't feel a forcefield, you are probably feeling a tractor beam.
This last month of the semester is going to end up killing me...
happy birthday, Joe!
00043b Mon 09jan12 . Clock out 2345p . cleared off section for return of backstop
#FF When it comes to interior design observations, #FF for her subtle charm and pizzazz, more like a whisper than a shout.
Have not heard from you in a while, how are you? I got engaged a couple of weeks ago.
Ladies if u want to talk to him, do what you would want him to do and pick up the phone! Stop waiting to see what he's gonna do....
Happy Monday to all my followers! Twitter hugs to all of you. May we all have a productive week!
okay de nada :-)
Just got back from seeing A Christmas Carol Each year it amazes me and puts me in the Christmas spirit.
Congrats. You are going to be an amazing father!!!!
Goin to grab a snack idk from where tho
Hoe ass mexicans at my job some snakes I swear
There's a doll show today in the old Northcross Mall at Anderson Ln and Burnet. Admission $3. Doors at 10.
Unfortunately we can't support all platforms at the moment! If there is enough demand we could create a app.
RT : Well done Tampa Bay Bucs
Ate the last cupcake tonight.What a treat :)
“: That annoying friend that yells things when your ordering at a drivethru”
to C day foo and u know I don't C nothing I B everything
When you lower your price for no apparent reason you invite the client to continue to ask for more.
baby, I love you, but what is that and why were you wearing it?
Thx! Worked really hard on this #movie :) working on release now. it's going to Cannes Film Market!
The Indian Air Force is a 45 squadron force that is the 4th largest Air Force in the world.
Ugh.. To mad rite now
Today, I'm the girl in the office with the squeaky shoe; this is unfortunate.
#3WordsOfAdvice love everyone, always
#WasntThatGoodEnough? "There's No Settling With Excellence; Keep Going."
Ill be going yo sleep soon....... I think
wow - cool. are you using actual kindle, or ipad app?
lmfao is anyone else watching always sunny in philly?
I'm mostly a bottom, but I DO love to top once in awhile.
YES! And tomorrow looks even better!!! :)
are y'all here yet?
Wisdom is the reward you get for a lifetime of listening when you'd have preferred to talk. ~Doug Larson
classy response. Just let them know that you got the rings while they have the pro bowls.
Electronic equipment is not my friend today....
#thatawkwardmomentwhen you accidentally run into a junior and apologize and she starts acting like a kindergartner who cusses like a sailor.
Oops! The glitch on my wordpress homepage is now fixed.
seriously? You goin to india? When u get back?
got your file :) I need to sync up on my phone next !
Del Monte.
I didn't get that far in the series. Just thought it was a dull mix of cop procedural & JJ Abrams mystery
The Notebook. Noah. I love you.
Ugh. RT Phillies possibly on the verge of picking up Mike Sweeney. Perhaps Howard's injury is far worse than we've feared.
5 hours W/O in Harpswell...?
have a great trip & performances! Love and miss u boys!
. optimism, patience and impatience are not here
Sorry! I didn't make the connection until later, you should have yelled at me and put me in my place!
I look forward to presenting at the DIA 48th Annual Meeting this June.Enabling Remote Monitoring in Clinical Trials for Sponsors and Sites
hello thanks for following me.. :)x
#NZwine lovers, Tweet more questions to to have answered by Alistair and Jess.
Great stuff...I love my publisher! So on top of the game!
So awesome that you two are friends! Let's all do drinks soon?
We've been working on Derrick's film #Prism all weekend! -JO
Good first half OKC!!!
you know what feels amazing? compulsively unsubscribing from every email list you ever subscribed to... 2-3 hours of quiet inbox: priceless.
Of course!
I meant leave sorry
Don't forget your towel -- it is #towelday! Oh yeah, and Don't Panic.
James Brolin received a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame on this day in 1998. He was the father of Phoebe's baby.
ch-ch-chilliiin..
that is super awesome!!!
I think I broke every bone in my leg and I think I broke my BUTT "SAD FACE" "CRYING" "OUCH" dat hurt bad
Woof! Thank you so much!
PCH traffic is awful tonight
Saw a sneak preview of last night...interesting and captivating narrative structure... is absolutely terrific...
Been a good year for RIMM stock with all these takeover rumors!
My pleasure Alan!
DA single life
That nigga is a Celtic hater
Gotye performs at Ogden Theatre March 31 at 9 p.m. Will you be there?
The point is this: If I'm an AD at a football school in the MWest/BigEast/ACC & I'm not shifting my mindset today re: OOC skeds, I'm failing
Grant lookin tough
I mad
Can't take it any longer
We should watch our use of the term *-metrics. No way to search special characters in Google!
Maybe I should be telling you "fuck you" cause you selfish. But I want a father so bad I can't help but break down.
I ate at Glo's this morning. Delicious and amazing portions! Thanks for the reco, buddy.
"stop like meg's stuff"
#BlackParentsQuotes .. Oh Ima Give Ya Somethin' To Cry For!!
Good morning North Carolina. Don't be an asshole. Vote AGAINST today!
JOIN ME THIS SAT @ MCDANIEL COLLEGE FOR A CRAZY PARTY!! 11-2... DJ ENVY ONE™ ALL NIGHT LONG
Marc Gasol is not his brother.
I want someone who will treat me right!
REMINDER: Set your fantasy baseball lineups early today, there's a 1:05 PM CWS/CLE game.
Reunited <3 with Jade and Mackenzie.
Bad word for donations messaging: CASH!
Last year I put the wrong niggas on this year its just me and my baby brother gettin it
and just like that I have a will.
please follow back
anybody at georgia southern need an apartment for the summer $500 for 3 months, dirt cheap
Which documentary?
Eagles stink tonight almost as bad as my gas!
I derive entirely too much joy from unfollowing people.
My 4 giant jars of crunchy peanut butter will make me king of the land after the Snowpocalypse. Willing to barter for a mule and/or shovel.
Ah c-a-t-s cats cats cats!!!
you're a moron.
Oh oh girl buzz buzz
The woman just ahead of you at the supermarket checkout has all the delectable groceries you didn't even know they carried
Thanks for your help. Looks like we are getting a new modem on Sat. Appreciate your quick responses.
"Everybody gets so much information all day long that they lose their common sense." Good Weekend to ya! Voodoo
Tribune wine club #winetips 31 Fill a wine glass no more than one-third full. This accommodates swirling the wine without spilling.
Morning Kristin, you too!
i know it's getting so close!!!!!!
I LOVE that you brought back Faye Dunaway Realness!
However they do have Jeff Fisher and he is due a Super Bowl
hi trevor.
FAMOUS SEDAN at (248) 971-3100 is your first choice for reliable, on-time service from your door to your flight.
she nice too mee soo why not be nice back!? Youu on tha other hand... Idk what to say!!
Postscript: correction the collection is called "Curves and Angles" and i's by Johnny Cupcakes =)
The look of the energizer bunny has not changed in sometime
21 Jump Street! Ready to laugh my ass off.
Libyan government tanks and rockets pounded rebel forces into a panicked full retreat after hours long back-and-forth battle.
Surprise party soon ??
Are you a business that supports youth health and fitness? Ping us and we'll send you a pdf of the debut issue of TEAM Fit Magazine.
Mr. Lincoln had scarcely finished speaking his sacred oath of office when the tumult of mad contention was heard throughout the entire land.
As I walk in nature all I see is your wonders
Hahahaa OH! OR The Brave Little Toaster!
Hanging out w/ at the Singles Only Party at Winners
sounds like the process of making a video...remix is something we all could learn to do better!
are you playing the game atm? Curious on what characters you'd use.
morning :) enjoy you're day
thanks for RT :)
Be more transparent and share more. ...And develop more relationship through SM that are authentic. What's yours?
I find it more enjoyable in the morning to have on in the background when getting ready. Turn on after 9 at work.
u welcum bro
Did you network with anyone interesting tonight at Mix & Mingle?
On the road in a semi truck! How are you!
In my laboratory, in front of the iMac and Axiom Pro. Getting it in...
thank you for retweeting!
“: That stupid smile you get when you remember a cute moment with him.”
Petco Park's Lucky's Lunch Counter (Ty Hauter) opens in Culy Warehouse featuring old-timey fare & new-fangled tastes.
The moment when you start to see progress >>>>
*So often times it happens that we live our lives in chains and we never even know we have the key.*
Bad meal last night or some kind of bug...not sure, but I've been a miserable lazy blob all day! :-(
1 in 3 young adults with #autism have no paid job experience, school 7 years after high school, study finds.
Solitude in nature allows some people to reconnect with their soul. The "noise" and confusion of everyday world can be left behind and you c
Romantic Night. Full Moon. Beach Side. On Top Of the Hills. NIce View. Enough Said haha
Psykic Animals Restless Earth supports People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals. YA TINK I FAKE ALL THIS? I am psychic, its hereditary
Is 43 taken yet?
PLease follow
E! Thank you! Appreciate the love :)
Social media training with Erica xoxo
The last stop of the race and the location of the after party is the Moon Tower Inn @ 3004 Canal St. DJ's, side events, and Lone Star Beer!
i don't know why they insist on having kids who think they can sing, but really cant, perform at graduation.
hello beautiful :3
It's a great day for an official congrats! See you in SF soon.
So many... Favorite place San Miguel de Allende, hands down : Q3: WHAT'S YOUR FAVE MEXICAN THING (ART, FOOD, PLACE..)?
I'm going on record right now...Gilchrist gets Bost in the second half.
enjoyed your recent Pintrest article. We would love an opportunity to get Nextdoor on your radar.
BADGER BADGER MOTHER FUCKING BADGER
hey sunshine....smooches
Something always has to go wrong...
I never read "Where The Wild Things Are".
Anytime dreams seem far away, think about the magic P's. #progression #passion #practice #patience Give yourself some credit & move on.
RT dad:you can say it all you want to but my answer is still going to be no.me:but dad.dad:did you just call me a but dad,your a but boy
Event was awesome, everyone loved Check on Facebook for pictures later today.
Baltimore Best Crabs recommends 6526 Holabird Avenue Baltimore, MD 21224 (410) 633-4040 some of the best crab cakes and seafood ever!
Baby is the most viewd video on youtube
Bobby Ross on Seau "he talked the talk and walked the walk "
Happy Tuesday, Tappers!
#foreveralone but you won this battle.
Thanks to for the follow! Text messaging is a great way to remind clients of their appointment, and letting them to confirm
I'm never joining a band with manny ever again lol
that is crazy!
The Hunger Games was A-M-A-Z-I-N-G Josh Hutcherson was sex.
#GandB The BEST reality tv! - real love, real emotions & real life. Dio benedice la sua famiglia!
today starts the first day of us making sure everyone knows who exactly LANDON JOHNSON really is!! GAY and there's proof!!
Finna hit da skating ring wit my cuzins :) hope I have fun fingas crossed
Droid studio almost ready to make history Weapon style
Thank you for the #FF! You are very much appreciated. Have a great weekend.
RT : There are no ordinary moments. There is always something going on.~Peaceful Warrior
Im captivated by you baby like a firework show <3
Hey #Wolffies.. please follow he's a really awesome guy.. you'll never regret of follow him
Austin nearly 'killed' Robert and Alex on a jet ski before at the beach.. RT if you think he should be more careful this time(;
you are a disgrace to young strong independent hardworking and unprivileged women
Looking forward to Cbus! See ya there! RT : We cannot wait to see you in Columbus next Sat.!
according to Tu B'Shevat is an "extremely auspicious" day to start a marriage! It's a gr8 idea for a
There's always that one hardcore douche at a show.
RT : #Cancer Strengths: Cancers are very imaginative and you can find a win-win solution most of the time.
Embracing the Foucault? "Language to Infinity" and beyond...
And the rain sings me to sleep...
Semi-moist food is easy to store and does not need to be refrigerated.
She give it all to her Daddy but she Don't Know Her Father
what they say?
So interesting upon relistening. Daisey's phrase "I am going to lie to lots of people" takes on a new resonance.
I have the chance to finish 3rd in a pool of 662 brackets at my fave watering hole if kentucky wins..thats a decent size payout.
Heavens Ministry. Pro Life, Christian.
I'm going to sleep 1 hour and a half;) dude
I know! I wonder when they'll start the Microsoft boycott (who also said they believe in equality).
Sharapova... Tennis will never be the same lol RT If you can't afford porn, just turn on tennis and shut your eyes.
Well Fame Comes With Everything #GoodLuck #NeverSayNever :)
put this on your to do list RT RT : Twitter tutorial is up! (your walk to a free drink at #mlanet12)
I knew it had to happen/Felt the tables turning/Got me through my darkest hour--REO SPEEDWAGON
Come worship with me at Beth Am Synagogue tomorrow am. Worship starts at 9:30, but my Jewish friends tell me only Xians show up that early
For real Royal Farms gas station in Bmore has some bomb fried chicken.
Seriously - never turn down an invitation to a waffle party.
I love your new pic. :)
TRUTH! “: If your not watching the Michigan State game, your out of your mind”
That is a capital idea!
We were last year but were gonna be focusing on this huge summer release instead RT You guys gonna be at bamboozle this year
you can say that again
Im going to Mcdonalds Get me a McGrittle
No Williamsburg French restaurant I don't want to hear First Day Of My Life right nowww
When we set out to remount Avenue Q, we hoped we'd still have an audience. Tonight's sold out opening night, is extra exciting!!! :)
When will Universities, the non-profit world, retake the lead in publishing academic work? The technology is there to do so.
#uxsconf remote usability is important in an agile environment, other methods are time consuming
Don't really have a favorite in these finals. Would be nice if LeBron could shut all the haters up though!
I could be really evil I wanted to, but I'm not....
#ALPFA colors are blue and red just like our own NY #giants. Go New York!
This 4th quarter is crazy
DON'T TEXT ME, PLEASE! My phone's battery is fucked up and won't even fit in my phone anymore :P
name or concept, what comes first? Geoff Dawson says concept
Though I did like idea but it was too scattered or maybe that was the editing
oh ok, do that! Lol watchu bouta eat? Or ate since I'm extra late replying lol
doin great and you??
Today with my baby >>>
Thanks!!! I love it. Also got a tiny heart necklace from the same person.
RT : #wmnldrs Pat/Xerox says that success comes easier if you don't care who gets the credit
What is difference between training Heritage Professionals and Professional Archaeologists? #pubarch is it the amount of interdisciplinary?
why do you care. It's not going to change anything
come back to LA please(:
I have a question..
I would like to call on all of our supporters, to invite their friends to like our Facebook Page and to follow us on Twitter.
: The love an #Aquarius can give is more profound than a million Roses they give their love to the full extent don't lose that
Thanks to the awesome staff at 106seeboth for hosting us last night! Amazing view and delicious cheese :)
Awww feel better!! :)
On the bus with Jena!:)
Yes, , let's discuss. Would love to meet you! How's Dose today? RT let's talk abt what's gonna happen at your shop!
Great new play to eat sandy sprngs diner
text me!
yess! I LOVE it :) ha
As if there wasn't already enough racket from our chainsaw geezer.
googles ur name and a pic of me came up...# explain that
practicing for Koba trip?
it still works for me ...
my mom always knows when somthing is wrong with me yet im a dick to her so i dont have to express my feelings...
DM me the acct tel # and best contact #
Having been unpopular in high school is not just cause for
What crazy name horse do I root for today?
ToNight I feel Zambitious I better be smart..hoping something great to go down tomorrow...
I don't feeling like getting out my bed
eboni and her 8th grade sister are talking about how you look like Adele :)
there's nothing I can do, total eclipse of the heart <33333
MIB3 fans! We're giving away DDozens of tickets this week to the advance screening of #MenInBlack3 on May 23. Stay tuned for DDetails!
Both my audition and Kiana's went great! Just had some Panda:) Now doing a little shopping at the Westside Pavillion. :)
you is
Louis Gossett, Jr. was the first African-American to win the Best Supporting Actor award. He won for his role in An Officer and a...
Damn im trying to find those knick fans..?
gives so much and asks for nothing in return except for respect and support
A lazy hustler don't get bread
AAM PIN team is at for Breaking Barriers, South Asia regional trade event.
Thank you - I'm humbled.
Will ever follow me? I hope soo :)
I remember when U started ur new job and the computer acted possessed. I think my online file site is possessed today.
loving the pillow and your sweaters!
And when I hear the phrase "core competency" you have also lost me. Use real talk. Click.
email me what u have so far and ill take a look at it! :) This years Miss Usa Pageant is going to be AMAZING!
#SkillsOnAThugsResume The best spoon digger of 2012 out of jail
Soccer about to start, Swimming team practice started yesterday and now my little one says she wants to join dance team? Ahh! someone help!
You want a new cane or just a flatbed of prune juice next thursday? :)
LOL I don't know it, but bf's office is looking for more developers.. what do you do?
!!!!!!!! RT : In 2007 we patented the official Iota Sigma head whip and body roll with a snap!!
Um... Guess who is in my Crisis Com class! HAHAHA
i won't watch the event if you don't participate, you think there is anyway they would consider changing the structure?
Spanish sub = game day!
idk im just really happy.
Wheen youu in your feelings n ppl keep tryna to talk to youu < <
Shout out to #Costco for providing me with a mini lunch
Hope everyone is enjoying their weekend, what are your picks for tonight? Hendo or rua? Silva or le?
What are the refs mob names ? This is clearly rigged. Now they have to call false fouls so it don't look obvious.
you must be wearing a skirt. I only get that much attention when I'm showing some leg.
yo I'm n NC
#RIP to one of the most iconic black men in not only the entertainment industry, or the black community, but in our history as a culture.
Cure For Pain quote, "It was just like any other item he carried with him: cell phone, lighter, smokes, packets of heroin, 9mm."
Follow me people I follow back :)
Derek Fisher needs to seriously retire.
sometimes I feel like that. But the positive side is that I get so much done ;-)
Did you know that about 900 Acadians came to Baltimore before settling in Louisiana? Interesting "Evangeline" talk!
Indeed! Not really a fan of this assignment.
I was gonna go to Marshall after I graduate, but I'm really considering going out of state for school ..
It's So Amazing Here In 2012, We're Still Dealing With Situations Like This... R.I.P. Treyvon Martin.... Laws Will Change Because Of You.
where is this man u speak of?
Hi all, Let get stupid and Celeberate Miss call day Send dis msg to ur frnds n get misbels in reply
Mo take the rest of the season off. Step out again Opening Day 2013 need to hear Enter Sandman one more time in our House.
let's start the parental fb games back up, shall we? Miss you more!
Time to worship and relieve my stress 🙏
Nickelback basically just told Detroit to F#@& off. One song? You don't want us here? We don't want to be here.
Bad football is ruining my Saturday! (I'm looking at you, Seattle.)
same all soon as I log in on my computer I strait away go on his profile to see if he uploaded more tweets or pics
There is not a show more funny than 30 Rock.
I need to write a sitcom about my apartment complex...or a horror story
Already solidified their spot in a mediocre bowl...guess the Hokies needed one more night to join them?
Goodmorning....up on 4 hours of sleep work is going to be awesome...... :/
When you miss 10 or 12 free throws its hard to win a game but nice job OSU.
The Castle of Poker » Blog Archive » Online Poker, Online Poker ...
i'll be in NYC next weekend! you around?
Lagging in the Tweeting dept--but not elsewhere. Productivity rocks my socks :)
HSPE SCIENCE 2MORO!!!! idk how im going to do://
Mad people hung over at church today lol
Will you be attending Arte Americas in 2012?
Copley. And no worries, my huevos chorizo burrito made up for it! :)
Sounds like the best week EVER. :)
Does anyone know tomorrow's Tap Takeover theme ? Website blocked at work & mobile app doesn't list specifics.
Whew - got the dog walked between fronts. All rumbly in Anderson now.
Each time I face the unknown it gets a little less scary.
Retweet this if you support A3 Photography !
Very excited to see what kind of films directs in the future! You can just tell he has a keen eye and knowledge of filmmaking!
Who is Capitan Curt?
Excited for your performance on Monday! Always a favorite of our patrons.
New! Capitalist Crunch is the first breakfast cereal that eats you.
95 to 99% read texts sent to them are read within 3 mins
Jury selection about to start in Pizza Man arson trial.
Sometimes we have to stop back and think will this matter in a year. If so fight for it if not walk away.
thank you both for making me laugh this morning!
I would never die for my beliefs because I might be wrong
Running riot through Steelport in a hot pink Hummer with a ninja on the machine gun turret is as awesome as it sounds.
I dunno who fez is, but you should have come... sick sale :) How are you?
I'm going into Kroger in my pajamas. Don't judge me.
That's rough. :( Hope the kids are taking it well.
all but me and you
Who's coming to the publishing event today?
Loving me, 2 make my body sweat >>>
Harry did amazing so the poor harry needs to go NOW!!!!
These are the things I try to hide from you
Gotta finish what I started.
you just wanna be seen
Our social media group has locked themselves in the conference room for the day to discuss social media strategy. Meeting nuggets to come.
what was the final last night?
And now Empire Records! This is gonna be a
good thing you should only need 2.4 bottles
wound up cool and cloudy - perfect day for a trip to the 19th hole!
Thanks for following Sara - I love the sound of freedom... Thomas
Warm weather is tabouli weather.
please follow?(:
howdy! Hope you're enjoying #DocMartin tonight.
Won't be as close as last time maing. My turf.
Why are you so fucking stupid?!?!?
oh you are def right - the b/w would be awesome. now i have to count pews at our church, haha
sten better come get his girl. she showin twitter all her business.
Lets not B creatures of circumstances, but the creators of circumstances
Not 100% sure yet, but I think so! ;P
Our next gift card winner is CANDACE ROGERS SCHROEDER! Congratulations!
fucking muslim jealous people you just can suck a dick.
True, very different. One has FPIES 2, other doesn't. A lot to do w fact that twin w worse allergies had eczema 2.
Hooks are gonna be on the music Trailer for Comic-con!!!
My pants being three sizes too big <<<< can't keep that shit up -.-
right? Time flies too...
Green tangerine
there are maps and plenty of help...
So glad you could join us!
Some girl just posted side by side photos of her child & baby's daddy on Facebook talking about "Ain't that his twin!? Nigga take the test!"
Pooped twice this morning already...I'm so cuuuuuuul...!!!
small group tomorrow?
great shot!
Watching Grays and enjoying a glass of wine<3
Come Out this Sat. for 3rd Annual Youthfield Day Picnic 4/7 @ 12p on Haulover Beach. There will be free food &games
I feel like I mean nothing to you, prove me wrong.
oh so thjen tell me :)
That was awesome.
can't say it was worth it. it was more sad than funny, and the reviews were funnier than the actual show.
Well damn, guess making it two years through a PhD program before needing a loan ain't bad. Thanks, new GS Mandatory Institutional Fee.
Hello there! I hope you are well.
A white girl with a nice tan >
You know when you fill the Brita, but it's top-heavy until the water drips through the filter? That's how I feel. Water-brained.
Happy Thanksgiving Everyone!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Sunday's not the best, though: Thursday evening is amazing.
He did not just quote Einstein!! lol
I'm entering the context too!! My other twitter is
Its nearly patio season already!
aw looks so excited! Hehe
The ultimate blessing is the love and company of family, especially on this Christmas day!!
Nothing like a negative feedback loop on the bus to start your Friday out right...
Do you know much about Sustainable Agriculture & Urban Gardening? Emmalee June will LEAD this talk on June 7!
that's case your special 👍
#Classic RT #SongsThatInstantlyMakeMyDayBetter Before I let go by Frankie Beverly
#Blagojevich #Conviction : Flipping a coin about going to jail gives you better chances than being an Illinois governor.
ITS FREAKY FRIDAY Y'ALL
I'm a Loser" is one of the first Beatles that "goes beyond love" including " keeping up a happy face when your world's falling down".
Any reason why NESN revert back to the side angle instead of the straight ahead?
There are two ways to live: you can live as if nothing is a miracle; you can live as if everything is a miracle-Albert Einstein
I just figured your dad wouldn't come early if he didn't have to!
Peyton to the Niners would be ridiculous, but he'll probably go to Arizona
you forgot the part about if you repeat it often enough, it gets picked up. Key to the echo chamber.
No matter what I do, all I think about is you.
Only thing standing between Loius XVI and the pitchforks.
nevermind. i got it*(: it was in the spam. haha(:
its worse, she is a daddy's girl that gets away with everything
happy birthday!!:)
Hi Gyl, Thanks for the shout out! We strive to provide all our customers with a great experience. Thanks for choosing Dell. LM
don't get hurt!! Hehe(:
I'm trying to enjoy reading Client Centric Web Design, but there are chunks of text missing in the Kindle version. Any ideas?
The best way to make people remember you?Borrow money from them :p
I might be late to this, but I'm enjoying your new twitter icon!
best part of movin to the east coast
The Guto has been drinking again
: I'm helping out with the event at Fordham later this afternoon.
#10ThingsThatAnnoyMe when you really want yo text the person you love but you know they never want to hear from you again
RT : CDC Officials Announce Free Ice Cream For Everyone, Delicious Tasty Ice Cream, And Also There Is An Ebola Outbreak
it's 7:30pm, this drive home from work should be way more hellish. this girl is thankful and confused.
iOS5 now running on the company iPads. First install:
MOB bitch you dont get it do you come to milwaukee and i show you how niggas do you stupid ass fit match my jewelry and shit
My mind has been lost.
Fabulous, will have to take a look tmrw.
EWWW You have Cooties!!!
The sacrifices of God are a broken spirit; a broken and contrite heart, O God, you will not despise. Psalm 51:17
have you tried the vintage series?
WISH ME A HAPPY BIRTHDAY HAHAHA JKS
Cool Twitter Suggestions: Real-time local buzz for restaurants, bars and the very best local deals available in NYC!
Thanks for the follow! best to the Irish!
Its on entertainment tonight right?! D: ~23days<3x~
Today has driven me to watch scifi for the rest of the night until i drop. Remember when getting off this planet meant something else :D
I wanna go out... Ugh but I dont know where.. Hmm
Stop by tonight for the second 47th Ward Office Open House! 4243 N Lincoln Ave between 5-7:30 pm.
doc students elevate the narrative!!
Ah , My Shirt Is Dirty . Fuuuck :o
37 years old; 4 neck surgeries; played entire career indoors; $95 million... and people are ready to hand him the Super Bowl Trophy.
Can't wait to get my weekends back... count down begins...
got ha pimp
“: Still coming back from Vegas and all I want is to be on my couch with Chipotle and Game of Thrones!!” I forgot to record it! 😞
me and some workaholics lol ha ha
Use the "real" Adobe Acrobat software. It will allow you to encrypt and/or set a multitude of use restrictions.
Lovin Savannah. Saw a bunch of Gulfstreams on the way in and enjoying river street w/some oysters.
#AsaKid I loved fucking up shit! Just for the hell of it!
Tomorrow's artists, inventors and writers to present at Awesome Project Night, 6:30-7:30p tonight at St. Agnes School, Avon, NY
Hope you had a great trip, Bruce! Can't wait to see you tomorrow.
Just one more online test! (whoops my book just opened!) Then / 2nite w/my #alchohol #poordescisions <3
Good☕morning Folks! Another soon to be gorgeous☀day in the neighborhood! Who's ready for the🎉weekend? Is your ride ready for a night out?
what's the name of the twitter client you recommend again?
sorry I'm late but if you see Ro Blackman can you wish him a happy belated birthday for me? Thanks!
yuck!! That's just ridiculous!!
yes! are you as shocked as I am!? ~Wanna start creating our sitcom???
Watching Mozgov and Gallo is bitter sweet as a #Knicks fan. Let's go Nuggets.
lol no, it's okay!
Um, I take back my crime scene tweet. It's alive!! And I'm utterly confused.
More good things coming @ www.d3xsoft.com working on a playable sneek peak! Stay tuned!
Wildlife Bald Eagle Head Rustic Art Statue Tree Stand ebay
I have no idea - No Clue! I am lousy at figuring the darn things out . . you? Talking puzzles - on this, International Puzzle Day.
Matrix Selections +64.39 Units So Far in Major League Baseball. 3D Selections 56-4 +26 Units So Far This Baseball Season.
u knw we had a gud ass time to
Thanks I like yours too, Spain is the best place in the world that is where we are from
I Wouldn't Doubt It.
that's still just as many as we won the entire 07 season.
Does driving to a redbox at 9:20 to get The Hangover 2 mean I'm living by YOLO or #LivingMas?
Casting lock down tonight. Yes! :)
nice pic , u r so beautiful!
I have been off Twitter due to family obligations. For those who have prayed for my cousin,Tommy, the past 2 yrs - he passed away on Wed
lmfao u know her style lol
Merry Christmas!
Scored a 10ft iPhone sync cord for $2.
": dont hold her hand if you arent willing to take everything that comes with it..."
#Bulls Gibson playing tonight. Noah, game time decision.
daamn!..I feel it tho...rain check bro....we gon get lifted soon g...until then ima put 1 in the air 4 u...
Did you go to Spelman?
RT i don't need drugs or alcohol to act like a complete fucking moron. just house music
#withorwithoutyou I'll rise and you can never stop me being successful and that's real talk don't bring me down LOVE GANAE TO WORLD
are you near Ruchelle?
Yea its mhe im the follower
O, pretty flowers!
My husband is watching the game. I'm watching tweets abt the game. My version is so much better!
this is my official marrige proposal . so here it goes...Will You Marry Me Austin ? <3
Chocolate printer. Can you say, "Hello, I love you, won't you tell me your name?" any better than with a chocolate bus card? //j.mp/HZnPQI
For where your treasure is, there will your heart be also-Jesus
Ers continues to play great. Up 10 now let's close out strong.
not sure yet brother. You?
thx! It was fantastic as usual!
And happy birthday !!! I hope it's a good one! See ya this Sunday!
thats alright u r who u r
my boyfriend is lame like me :3
I am sure everyone on that stage is for privatizing the TSA - though I may be wrong.
I wouldn't want cry baby bron or I can't get out of the first round without shaq or lebron Wade
PR story coming your way via email!
School tomorrow...so tired !
I wish I could give the world one giant chill pill
Oh em gee
Am I good enough? Hm
We have a show this Thursday, March 15th at The Up & Under on Brady St. Come check it out Milwaukee!!!!
“: Juan has a twitter account ” yes, but does he follow us?
Let me rephrase. Rather than pix , shocking in terms of confession, intent or leaving $$, deeds, certificates
its those allergies trying to get to you, feel better soon!
Looking through these tweets, it really upsets me that there are actually people who want Jessica to be in the bottom two.
29 minutes and Chelsea have barely touched the ball
omg! Lets go to Atlanta to see Christian & then tell him to follow you (:
Slightly bummed. Just found a really disheartening comment on a workshop evalualtion from somthing I presented last year.
Concoted vegetarian lasagna this weekend: Eggplant, zucchini, yellow squash, mushroom, ricotta & Grumpy Goat cheese. YUM!
make it an online course for the "alumni college"
I dnt wet the bed. I jud soak da sheets
The Wii's back fan should be spinning while it's on, right?
At the Brakhage Award Ceremony for Abigail Child
Thanks for following
One Direction , Justin Bieber , & Christian Beadles ! <3
Mission Hills Community Garage Sale is April 21. San Diego 92103.
175 runners around $115K for first.
hahaha!!!! LOVE this tweet =)
my #oscars interest is waining. hard.
another successful planning session with Hillel interns! so many events to look forward to!
I'm really looking forward to seeing CHERNOBYL DIARIES. Should I temper my expectations?
Damn always knew I should've taken up skydiving ! Then I could audition for Verizon with :)
Grumpy patients all week = wine!
Promise yourself to be just as enthusiastic about the success of others as you are about your own. -Christian Larson
This is legacy mind you. I would never use any Network Solutions hosting service willingly. They should stick with overpriced domain names.
#AutoMT1's commentaries aren't in the printed book or Kindle/epub files published by UC Press. That PDF can be loaded onto an e-reader.
that's some seriously dark humor there, son! Fingers crossed that I can avoid said scenario X X
Love An Idiot Abroad....worth watching
will do guys! :)
Long day at the office? We have a cure..come and wine down $20 bottles of wine..let us help make it a great night!
Nice bunt by Hart there. :)
To do list for day: Going to do some writing, exercising, then take drive to beach for walk on a cold beach w chowda in hand of course!
Off to Rivergate
Were you there for the first this year? One of the best lacrosse nights I've ever experienced.
peck is among the v best. high regard unchanged “: And he learned the ways from Moynihan, too.”
I see. It was unclear as https was not showing in my address bar, but I see it now inside the request. Thanks for clearing that up.
thanks John!
Was just told Julianne Moore is filming a movie in Rye right now. I didn't know they were making another 'Tales From the Crypt'.
thank you for the retweet
“: Hard hit but I'm OK, thought we had the win.” Just keep kickin ass. I love it when you win cuz it makes so many people mad!
Your designer heart still beats with common blood.
oohhhhhh is on 's late late show tonight! I frikkin' love that guy and his pointy fingers :-)
ooc; was it mine?! It was you who gave me the wrong idea!
Ft. Vallonia Days with the family.<3
Where's my ?? He always knows how to make me smile
probably good that is not home this weekend... need to get a lot of homework done and I'm easily distracted
nice pic! There must be some software out there making digital mapping easy. That's probably unfair to say.
check your gmail, your image is ready and sent. :)
we really need tickets to the show in oakland for me and
happy mother's day!
I sent it..
Im curled up in a ball, on my bed trying to go to sleep. My sleeping schedule is off.
Bounty? Involved should be arrested. Typical, mouth breathing, knuckle dragging attitude of spoiled, pampered monosyllabic sub humans.
GO FOLLOW SHE FOLLOW BACK :d + A SHOUTOUT GO GO GO
Got my first pair of glasses in approximately 17 years. My old pair belongs in the Dork Hall-of-Fame.
Oh that was close. Who is watvhing the #superbowl?XD
Ann... What do you think of images that I published... ♥
Careful that pie doesn't eat you!
hey you should check out See Jane Rock on facebook!
I'm sorry about your hives. Happy Wedding though. That is exciting. :)
Lastest IM Reviews Posts seven" Lcd Android two.two Tablet PC WiFi 800*480 Digital camera G-Sensor
phone survey for republican primary elections didn't even bother to ask if I voted republican.
"Our house may have been badly built, but it was the arsonists of Wall Street... that poured petrol thru our letterbox & started this fire."
Can't wait for my second man date with tonight!!
RT - Woohooo! Football! The Jacksonville Jaguars new white jerseys look nice!
Catching up on
Thanks for the S/O !
love you to sis kisses
Got the friday feelin ops I smell TROUBLE haha!!!.
hm I dunno I talked 2 him & it didn't sound like he planned on it.
I'm hanging tough. Hoping they have a good showing.
#Bluesanta delivering blue Santa just a little way to give back.
omg have you seen his live shows?
Hey, you bite people too?
sounds like a great endorsement! We agree, #Israel is a model 4 many reasons!!
AND..... Now you are blocked. Good bye.
Even Toby Keith has to laugh at the fact millions of people actually bought the song "Red Solo Cup". Complete Garbage
Very nice! I "like it" RT : If you're a developer, you can check out the new Facebook Timeline style profile page re:...
i lost my voice 3 days ago and i still haven't found it. ugg
Hahaha thank you.
For those keeping score, still no Internet. Learning fascinating things about my colleagues though.
I think it's quirkiness not humor that is valued most. Humor can be overdone but quirkiness is always appreciated
Going out to celebrate Mattys bday might black out a few times!
haha punk! Txt me! Yeah? :))
Two words that describe how to get things done: PLANNING & EXECUTION.
The history of states and nations has done little but serve some income for historiographers and book dealers.
Loving this BULLYING IS FOR LOSERS thing on Twitter today.
that's a great pic!
Looks great!!
#kids Weekend Science with Critter Connections at Las Vegas Natural History Museum, Sun, May 13 11:00a: Every Saturday at 11:00AM &...
I think if Sugarland, TX was a Houston neighborhood rather than a suburb I'd really like it. The cleanliness and order appeals to me.
I cant keep up these 2 n they twitter names &
lol well good job! Arnt u suppose to be hooping right now
Attempting to get my web geek on tonight! :)
Ride the London Eye! It was closed the last time we were there...
toss up b/t LA, San Fran, and Sac. lol.
is it good lol
Desiree Peter Berkin from the office of Mayor Nutter talks about shifting realities of social media at #acmYMS govt. uses digital on ramps
Glad to hear it. Good times ahead indeed!
#somepeopleshould take a hint
I'm in love with granny smith apples.
:-) !RT : And you should RT : Feelin particularly pretty today :)
ok sounds good. I'll be in touch good sir.
I DON'T UNDERSTAND, GAGA. I JUST DON'T UNDERSTAND.
In Dec. had first client to have 100% of their employees loved their culture! Way to go!
Munching Celery w/ vegetable cream cheese ... yummy ...
Late night friendly's trip with :)
There is not a more pleasing exercise of the mind than gratitude. ~ Joseph Addison
U hv a nice day to baby. Xoxo!RT hey beauty have a nice day you looks so good always
Here come b dogg here come b dogg
RT : Fans, 2 new ices will debut soon PB&J & MargaRITA Ice. Stop by for a #free sample & quarts for Cinco De Mayo Celebrations
I'm finishing 'The Cookbook Collector,' by Allegra Goodman and reading 'The Wise Heart' by Jack Kornfield.
Thanks for the free shirts at #wherecamp. Love that new logo.
Are there seriously "office oscar pools?"
Your public demands that you make an outfit entirely out of #wwjce foods. I'll bring a fork. :p
One's that inspire or ask a question !!
Its over wit! Go job tho grizzlies!
Las Vegas Jobs and Nevada Employment Las Vegas jobs, Nevada careers, Reno jobs. ... SEARCH JOBS. What job are you looking for?
Did you miss brunch today? Join us for BREAKFAST tomorrow - or any day of the week! We open at 7am every weekday...
I couldn't agree more! “: every day should be record store day.”
I'm here for tha party.
I'm lost... Did and want flowers or followers? ;-)
I thought about you all day today, but that is nothing new. I did the same yesterday and I'll do it tomorrow, too.♥
+1 RT : Yesterday’s giveaway with was so much fun! So how about we do another giveaway today?
Time to go for a run
$110 pickpocket-proof pants? I'll just carry a knife, thank you.
I`m good, and you?
Looking forward to reading it! April Mobility is out tomorrow!
Robert Panetti, learning geek , atlanta. I learned that #lrnchat has been invaded by the egg people
HOPE EVERYONE HAD A SAFE AND HAPPY HALLOWEEN!
European Financial Stability Facility was set up this summer as slush fund with 440 billion euros-Too small to handle Italy & Spain bailouts
couldn't get a ticket to #io12… at least there's tonight!
You and need to vacay here & we can get in all sorts of trouble.bourbon distilleries and karaoke.
wouldn't you be discombobulated if your biggest insecurity was exposed by Granger? Balding is no joke. I'd miss free-throws too.
Wake up in the A.M. #compose a beat. Nice day to be off. Guna switch it up and make a hip hop #beat today.
Guilty pleasure...Jack Links Jack Pack.
The interactive sessions have been too hard to choose. Learn about OPL's open-source projects @ 3:15 w/ Co-Director Michael Riordan
RT : Minnesota, Georgia and south Carolina suffering from policy interference, politics hindering progress? <- YES!
I LOVE THE LORD WITH ALL MY HEART
Time 4 bed.Jury duty ended 2day but I stayed 2 observe next case.Might go back 2 see end of case tomm.I'm a freak I know,I like jury duty!
awkward because my band's name has 'direction' in it.
Ice cream sounds awesome right now.
GoodNight Muriel , i love you so much ! :)
I heard the jury's still out on science.
Happy Birthday :)
Thanks guys. It works great!
I think that possibly I'm maybe falling for you.
better yet Follow US. We got you. Show some love back!
loving my usual #axxium manicure in lincoln park after dark, best thing ever created
Sadly no-Injured & bikeless
I was possessed! 2K+!!! I'm going for another round at 2pm. Anyone?
you are very kind :)
living with no regrets.
Top #sales mistake: lack of persistent follow up. Most give up WAY too quickly.
Land Rover Celebrates 25 Years in North America and Debuts New Concept Vehicles and Limited Editions at The 2012 New ...
Farmers Market day!! get your fresh, local fruits and veggies from 9-12!
More information on my Debt Reduction and Sewer Stabilization Plan will be available soon including the dates and times of public meetings
RT : Can't wait for the premiere of "When Tobii met Siri"
Adding "swag" to something doesn't make it cool...
Wow it seems everyone wants to jump ship on the #Rockies already. There's only 158 games left.
LOL pay back baby.
Durant & Westbrook going ham on Dallas Mavericks Dirk an the boys in a dog fight
Morris Brown College
“: I'm already not liking this game.” same
Awesome conversations on Twitter this week with , , , , , & more!
In his lab trying to discover a cure for global warming, Al Gore mixed four potions accidently creating the internet.
A. Teach. B. Inspire C. Lead... I choose D ... All of the above!
Breaking News: Oil is slippery.
I trusted you, but now your words mean nothing to me because your actions spoke the truth.
No. Nathan Sutton. Nathan Owens is dating Leda
Thanks, for the sandwiches. That coupon was awesome.
yes and yes! I miss you too but I'm coming home in maybe June. But come here anyway! Vegas baby
"No future"-Around here that term is non-existent
ugh. sister. bitch. she's just jealous that i have confidence & i think i'm pretty, nothings wrong with that, God thinks i'm beautiful, too.
Just woke up to flurries... didn't I just go on a bike ride in 70 degree weather on Thursday?
The Knicks look about the same without Amare Stoudemire...
so true. LOL
Thanks for the shout out...I am listening in 2 win ;) One thing though...what's the number 2 call? Thanks Felisha
Wakka flocka is 1 dumb mo-fo y did his management team allow him on a live show like 106 n park, to make a fool of hisself WTF bang ya dead
I also enjoyed that last night when I was running around crazy trying to fix a failed pcast. No witnesses = good thing ;)
#20ThingsAboutMe i love wearing relaxing clothes 90% of the time :-)
Who goes in the rotation then? Cook?
help im a songwriteer with writersblock im wokring on a rockballadanyadvice for me i would appreciated it alot thanks
Dayton airfares remain a bargain - Dayton Daily News
nice skate spot i wish i can skate that... :)
sure it wasn't a dude zim?
I hate the Miami heat so much
Bobby! Glad your follow was accompanied by a "boom," or I wouldn't believe it was you.
Thanks! Will do
that's just the way I'm built Nasty -- what, classy, still
its follow friday maybe I could get a follow :) pretty please
Good morning tweeps! Thinking #tacos for lunch? We completely agree :)
Hot AC should be called Slowass AC
Coaching call with brandon barber group....loving this journey and growth
I like your hair
"Let's raise the Palestinian flag, and let that flag be the symbol of peace and justice in the Middle East"
A special thank you to our 666th #follower Hope your not superstitious!! LOL Thank you for the #support :o)
Cool Stuff Sarah, thank you!
hahahhahahaa i know
Yep. Got call while visiting local principal. Left meet & went straight to tat parlor on 6th. RT Does tat mean freedom papers?
Had a great time at the Colony South Hotel Bridal Show yesterday. Looking forward to wedding planning and preparations for our new brides.
sorry im 2 hours late
I can't live, if livin' is without you.
Out scouting locations today. Hopefully we will find what we're looking for.
“: Stephen Hill: 49 career receptions.” but how much did GT throw ball?
Looks like Evelyn and Ocho are having a twitter war of the roses type situation going on....
so sorry for your loss, remember the values and principles she instilled in you as a child to guide you in your life.
don't lie to yourself toots
4:53 on 1/12. sending love to quell the chaos. the ache remains.
OMG OMG vinny told his story nd i'm crying even more that was jus Mean :'( :)ILYShawty<3
no sir. I am transferring sales center.
you're welcome!
and because no Friday is complete with repeating it (multiple times)
Getting mad because someone ate all the French onions off the top of the green bean casserole on Thanksgiving!
I Love Orphan And The Hunger Games You Did Great!
take a short vacation lexie u'll be okayy....
Over 2000 tweets! #yeeey I hope before the end of 2012, I'll have more than 3000! Love ya all ♥
our school's prom .? lol duh
You can always count on there being a Mariachi band when you're in Texas
Fringe changed my world... all you need to do to let it #ChangeYourWorld is CHANGE THE CHANNEL to Fox tonight!
In NYC this week for Landmark Capital's 'Invest for the Cures' conference. Silere presenting therapeutic neurostim for chronic tinnitus.
"Reading is a means of thinking with another person's mind;it forces you to stretch your own" ~ Charles Scribner Jr
I had never really thought about it before but its true he really struggles to get his glove down correctly when he has to go left.
Bruins wining= happy me :)
Sometimes you just have to take a beak from social media.
right now i have a smile from ear to ear...can't believe your replied haha. gotta admit you're making me blush a little lol.
My 1st generation iPad is on the blink. Good thing it's almost my birthday.
im just worried abou the competition he was facing in the big east tho. Not too much quality in there
any idea why i always have to check my todo item twice in chrome? w7 using chrome app shortcut. no big deal, just a minor annoyance
He hasn't committed (yet) to #HPBNC! RT Digital billboard by DFW Airport: "Ready for Rickie?" (PGA swing here soon)
"You just have one of those faces I would never get tired of seeing."
We can't look at 'truth' in a monolithic way. What all these projects & initiatives had in common was to illustrate the messiness of truth.
CHECKLIST CHARLIE
The U.S. tax code is one complicated mofo
Independence Greetings to all Jamaicans. Love and Light
#ItsHardTo act like you don't exsist
NO I'M A BOSS.
Wow! RT We will be in Las Vegas for #SGIA in October and has a color talk planned. :)
followed babe ;)
honored! (particularly liked use of "mark" as a noun)
mother nature fucked up my night.
Jealous much fuuuck Haters.!!(x
#nercomp12 connectyard as lms.never heard of conect yard b4.can attach video from phone as a message
: Im a mix of Roseanne, Joe dirt and a high class bus station skank" High class bus station or high class shank?
I think you guys have just outdone yourselves twenty times over. I love you more than ever now. Freak is amazing! LISTEN!
Im done trying with that shit . Its not worth the disappointment.
Guys night with my two boys - & #youngtwitterlessbraxton Nothn better! Luv these 2 fellas!
had such a good night
Cannot wait to get back on my healthy eating plan..the food was good but I am stuffed..blah
Ho hum, just another Saturday with St. John's on in a national game, slaying another Giant. la dee daa, just a typical day for Lavin. . .
Proverbs 14:34 NKJV Righteousness exalts a nation, But sin is a reproach to any people.
Getting word that body found near Lake Skinner has been identified as Brittany Killgore. Latest at 6pm
It helps if you know you're an introvert--and need to practice some self-care--so that you don't pass out at conference talks.
My premise is that the people who use the word "Liberal" (or variation thereof) are wrong or dishonest about what "liberal" means.
he is so beautiful & Germany loves this Boy. His Name is :) follow me please? xx
haha! no problem
RT : This is awesome. I'm not waiting on hold RIGHT NOW because is having Delta Airlines call me. (BLAST!!!)
Seriously, I'm going to start deleting people who are flooding the timeline with those stupid, not-so-witty comments!!
what in the what now?
This meeting could change everything, headed 2 beachwood.
oranges are still delicious.
Will.i.am, lead singer for the Black Eyed Peas, is upset that Sony Music will be releasing 10 previously unaired Michael Jackson songs.
Now is a great time to get outside with your notebook and write a poem!
We are singing Bohemian Rhapsody
looks like today we will stay closed ...puccia fan come back tomorrow ciao
Kudos to you guys!
Good morning from Brussels!
Feel Life: Love, Joy, Passion, Exhilaration, Fun, Interest. You have a choice. #CreateYourDay via (RT by )
If in the after life there is not music, we will have to import it.
I have a feeling this will be the best year yet!!!!
Wishing I had been smart enough to enter #DVPRreboot this Spring! Sounds like an amazing opportunity... Here's hoping for Fall '11!
“: Bulls fans you still like Wade? SMFH!!” never have.
I'm down
Learning all the words to songs on the drive to corvallis. We suggest everyone do the same for our #pdxmusic bill at
I'm so freakin bored!
the voice would put justin to perform last. dammnit. i have school.
Was it his first day of school? I am coming into the conversation late.
thank you friend Sandi
OR MABELLENE LOL RT :Oh you guys think she's pretty? Yeah, you guys should thank photoshop.
Thanks for the tweet back! RT : Coincidence...our favorite part, too!
meek mills say and im on probation a lot... nothing to brag about nigga we know.
Another hurdle has crossed my path. Pesky things. Shall I - yell, laugh, cry, go get french fries, or crawl into bed with Game of Thrones?
We're excited to be out with The Greening of Detroit on Saturday morning to do some planting along the Lyndon Greenway!
Who's up for some late-night transcription?
I can't wait
Breakfast on our day off. @ Kitsch'n On Roscoe
How is anything ugly a good & perfect gift, #you ask? Because just as God gives us the good, He gives us the bad & the ugly...to OVERCOME.
My legs feel like jelo. Too much physical exercise.
My roommate had that same idea years ago. If someone markets a Burrito Band Aid, I'm tearing the walls open for wiretaps.
There is always some madness in love. But there is also always some reason in madness.
potentially 4 lefties in the bullpen
What a rainy day here in Charlotte. It makes you wanna take a nap but I'm fighting it and getting some work done.
More issues than RollingStone magazine.
Going home today! Hooray!
so funny you mentioned that quote! That quote stuck out to me the most, too!!
for sure! That is absolutely RIDICULOUS!!!!!!
In fact first Deep Ecol text? Representing Nature from Nature's POV
Aw! Look at the smile of his. Haha that pic got me cheesing too lmao! It's officially your my new twitter bestie! LOL! XD
Words can't explain how I feel right now
lol pants stayed up ;)
After dealing with Dutch, German, Korean and American moving companies, there's no doubt in my mind that the American ones are the worst!
Win or lose that kid is gonna be fun to watch!!!!” let's hope it's win.
