RT : Come check out ACBW event w/ Should go off nicely
i'll adopt you . even tho i'm 17. it'll work.
We're paying the man this week, the man that recorded a KICKASS record for us! Soon people, the release is close.
Congrats to A SEPARATION. I can't wait to see it and all I've heard of it is nothing but raves. It opens Friday!
that suxs ha xP
Nice lineup as usual! :)
thanks for sharing! I will check them out!
oh and thanks for following...
You could be by princess and I'd be your king #ILoveYou #RihannaNavy for life ya'll ♥
You know it's a short #audition trip when ur airline sends a check-in reminder for ur return flight before you even arrive.
night everyone! :)
Seeing the Avengers with my son :-)
they are awesome!!
OH YOU GIRLS HUSH haha #NoOnesFluffyOrF!
being over-enthusiastic about everything at practice with > hahaha XD
Thats how I tell when the Pres and his re-elect campaign is on point. Step on cat's tail and it screams.
Cheers! Love it!
Does anyone know what website official Kesha meet and greet photos are on
People need to understand that when I'm tired, they shouldn't talk to me. I will most likely be a bitch.
home from running an errand and getting lunch. working on master bathroom cleaning now
your background !!!!
Dang calling my phone like yo man over here girl stop! !!!
RT : Happy Sunshine Week & everyone working to open our Gov't
masturbation is always fun......... Lol
We're so close to putting DEATH, LIFE AND A CREME-FILLED CENTER on stage - I can almost taste it! Wait - that's just the Oreo I ate!
It is officially impossible to tackle a QB in the
Taking my parents to Portillos <3
What u just Notice?
aint no stopping us now.
Psst! Go follow ! She's got GREAT tweets, and an awesome fanfic! :)
Going to a reception tonight. One of our artist Iliana Garcia is featured at Diana Center, Barnard College. Go West Harlem!
Tonight at 21st and Boston in a circus tent, we complete our first full season!
You would if you weren't already so bogged under by all your other shows... tv fiend!
Thinking about submitting a video to America's Got Talent ............ But what the hell is my TALENT!!! D:<
#lopezsalido don't know which fight lopez was in but he was not dominating! Blaming the ref! Smh
Jim Boeheim came across as a complete ass during last night's presser. Arrogant, out of touch, defensive, smug. Poor showing for him.
that blimp will be #BTR 's
I want Baltimore fans to PACK THE YARD tonight for our game against Toronto. Yes, I know they're in Toronto. Daddy needs a new Monet.
: Those poor dolphins would need a lot of underwire to support all of that weight.
$3 tallboys of #PBR over here, big cat.
ESIGALPHAS WILL BE ON CAMPUS TODAY SELLING TICKETS!!! GET ONE BEFORE ITS TOO LATE
😜❤ RT : Such a great friend! Love u RT : Enjoyed 's company tonite. Love u
the crowd goes mild. but at least it was an away game or else there wouldn't have been a crowd
That would get annoying lol
People don't realize that I'm hete fit all the right reasons
Wow, know what is awesome? Sitting down. In a chair. Wow. Srsly.
Pig races and cream puffs and fried butter, oh my! Best of luck to the !
I'm @ work. Uggh ..ok.going to lunch. Was fun mY girls! Luv ya!:-) :-)
where you at?
i was trying to find a different article but that one at least pointed out the 10% difference between practice and game ft%
Aww, thanks. :) Were you a fan of the Riot Grrrl Online website when it was up and running?
Shucks, thank you!
geese you don't even know me..what's the problem
Hi Sherri. Laughed at your comment re lame tweeting being same as % of regular population. No wonder you're a writer.
Nvr texted me back so y give me ya # if u wasn't gonna text me???
HAPPY BIRTHDAY <33
Just applied for a job at The Rep on a whim because sometimes I do stuff like that.
Lol I'm just not the confrontational type i guess
Finally got my roundoff back handspring!!! :D
Just ordered some sweet ultimate frisbees
Nephew, friend, and brother all had their screens go black, never come back.
Haha i would be too if i hadn't of dropped out xD.
#CAEconomy Is the forum PowerPoint available online so that we can share with our stakeholders & constituents?
they're probably worried about #hotcar related liability issues
Big S/O to and at Soul Asylum Studios! "Where Kings Rise"
Got that going for him...which is nice!
figured as much. Let's get together soon.
In Piracy Debate, Deciding if the Sky Is Falling
loved yuhh on
Or pretty much brian, Honey will ignore the f out of you.
Who the fxck says your invited xDD? !
Thanks so very much! I That's my husband Detroit the Baptist.. your site is on fire also and the book seems so interesting
Keep up the excellent tweets!
but if sentiment is CBB is down, you're not wrong. USA today profiled that nicely a few Fridays back.
- #Thanks for the #Crowdfunding Monday
Next weekend?
tomorrow will be running my first 15K hip hip hooray!
Brand Nubian - Slow Down
Do you BooBoo! *high screaming voice* DO YOU BOOBOO!!!! XD
I need more music. MOAR MUSIC IS NEEDED
it is and I'm lucky to vacation there. As a matter of fact, I just returned two weeks ago and I'm ready to go back.
We are so ready for to start tonight! #NoTooLate to get your tickets #MKE #Milwaukee!
yaaay!! okayy were going for my birthday ! this will be fun!
As an #Android user, I'm still getting used to #Instagram, but that upload process is fast and seamless. Gotta love that.
#GoodThingsInTheWorld Peanut butter ❤❤❤
I just found out I have high cholesterol. Looks like no more cheese, fried foods, junk food for me. Going on a strictly bermuda grass ...
Hanging @ Birds with the crew..
This kid is weird as all get out
#ESPNU about to report a flip, bet it's Davis.
From 6/6-19, Chicagoland Panera's are partnering w/ Make-A-Wish to grant wishes for Daniel, a Sox fan & Michael, a Cubs fan.
Phne going dead
Hahah no worries. I seriously stalk you all the time.
no doubt!
haha in response to you getting buff..i'm not sure if that's physically possible ;)
oh I understand your figures. Very sad.
I feel so nauseous
Big Boi, State Rep. Alisha Thomas, and Dan Moore,Jr @ APEX this morning. For Big Kidz Black History tour.
Allyson i made this Kesha remix myself (: like it ? (:
Big ups to for having the Herblock-rockin' beats!
R.I.P Whitney Houston
I only know this bc I had to go to Kennedy Space Ctr 4 a Kraft promo. The part that detaches is typically recovered in the ocean.
According to multiple sources, the hands of Healy Clock tower are reported MISSING. Since when did we become the only legit campus news?
Ok good, I was scared for a second
"A novel is never anything, but a philosophy put into images." Jim Rohn
I really thought that the #Brewers were looking good today! Then it all went down hill
I meant Bob, of course.
eye hope spring is comin but u kno, its doubtful! lolololololololol!
bet I just seen fatt chris he said hit em up
You create your own momentum.
Power outage in my neighborhood...cmon pg&e!?
I hope he throws up on you first too
did you know that we are partnered with on "Banner Day for a Banner Season"? check the site www.worldchampionfans.com
It's #FatTuesday lets party it up Tonight! \m/
Some of you act like 1+1 is too complicated for your....
"it makes me wanna buy clothes in a bad mood!!" - on lil kim's "suck my dick."
Don't miss our tweets LIVE from the event, Friday night, and tweet us what's happening in your corner of the room
5 Awesome Web apps for finding the perfect color scheme
Were there any camera crews? #Cops = Fame = #thegoodlife (am I right?)
December for shows! We're getting ready... are you?
#BandsILove A Day To Remember
Text me back
possibly. He chose a tow truck this time
One down
yes!!! I'm back June 22. Playdate please! It's been too long.
I love my new iPhone idk y I feel like I've been missing out lmao smh
Whos still gonna buy detox when it comes out in 2017....
i've read some stuff from ian bogost but not reality is broken... i'll look it up!
Stews, I thought u did great & LOVED that you pointed out Detroit Boy's own hometown stats vs ATL.
Leg day! most important and hardest workout of the week!
We're looking for a part-time legal assistant for our Mesa office. Please pass this along to anyone who may be interested. THX
Shittiest feeling in the fucking world. Good fucking night.
Did you grow a culture to confirm? I hope you feel better!
New avi. Trying it out for a couple days
OMG cnt wait for
hate doing history homework-.-
#haterproblems to poor to afford concert tickets and calling people braggers #CLAPBACK no...okay? hahaha
Follow my tweets Is an Hot account related to Porn ;)
Pink Possible supports breast cancer with Pink Hair and more!www.aurorahealthcare.org/aboutus/philanthropy/pink-possible/beauty.asp
So good that Tom Fletcher is finally getting more recognition for his musical talent. Shame it's not for a Mcfly song though...
Prolly about to work out
Nice! More pics, please!
2nd: nobody is forcing them into Olympics. Don't play! NBAers play for 'free' all summer anyway in pickups/camps
Mad cow disease? No wonder I got beef so cheap last night at the super market.
Ilike the new avi....you look so "blue" as in Rangers and Giants and Yankees blue....hope you have a good day...I'm off to work
Skip the brown bag lunch - Tomorrow is Tamale Thursday! Instead fill up on fresh, handmade, delicious tamales at KPTV in Beaverton.
omw just wait inside
Yikes! Yep, I'd be bawling too! Goodness :)
The fact that you constantly retweet makes me super happy and excited.
Happy Mothers Day to all the #undocumented mothers who sacrifice so much to provide their children with a better future in the U.S.!
yeah I remember talking about you having another boy. You're gonna do great! A mini geathersgirl? How cool is that?
The new Flipboard app for iPhone is pure delight. Easily my favorite new method of scanning through tweets.
If pronk's going to leave his jersey unbuttoned, he should forgo the undershirt.
Um, did I mention its amazing out today?
Chevrolet Does Social Media at South by Southwest Conference - Inside Line
oranges #latenightsnack m
i'm finally getting over this cold that kicked my ass this week....i guess I shouldn't have run around the city half naked on halloween...
When are you coming to Portland???!!! :)
This is a status that goes to twitter and linkedin because I said so in
Yoga in the mornings all week at This is my first week for a major change. Might as well change it all at once.
We're doing drinks before if you're interested!
you could join us wherever we go...
Do you know that our soul is composed of harmony? -Leonardo DaVinci
Follow this sweet and lovely person!
Touch down
you mean before what;p
If you can save money over the course of a month or 2 by buying in bulk, make a plan for you to do so.
Bwahaha! Somebody just told me to "Stop being all grown up!"
yes, o was hacked
Already seeing 84 on the temp here in LA! Lol! Hot hot baby!!
No problem man. Thanks again for a great performance yesterday. I'm definitely a fan now
when are u going live??=P
#mdcsymposium Table 4 Two way communication is essential to a vibrant democracy.
At knotts for halloween haunt!!!! 
would be fun with ya :)
I'm not asking you to look after the editor's bottom line. I'm just asking if that was offered, would you accept?
is getting ready to tour the Norwegian Epic.
Great turnout tonight for #pitchmixer! An awesome tech and entrepreneurship event the East Bay! Thanks for hosting
So how was ur day? u done straightening ur hair? lol
it can be done. start a revolution in web content with $42...peewaddy.com, the theme park of web sites
i've been phuckin wit u, but i dont even know u , who -who -who are u ,who- who who are u
Extremely interesting day of football. What else is going to happen in the next 25 minutes.
haha she will
The past year or so I've learned a lot about myself and life.. people that try to bring you down just Arnt worth it. Smh
Unless Cotto knocks him out, he aint winnin this. Period.
Food Depot Training Certification Ceremony 2day ! Thankful to all who have supported this venture!
Pun of the Day: Sign: 'Please turn out the lights. Thanks a watt.'
Doesn't matter how many times I see them but fighter jet flyovers still give me chills!
I would love to spread the word about your products if you need someone to do sampling around nyc let me know!
Np- all for you-sister hazel
watching Law & Order
3 full baskets of laundry, no matching socks left....I do believe the time has come.
You are #DoinTooMuch !
I don't know if we're hidden but we'd love the opportunity to rock your mouth with some tasty za!
"Claire hager a Spanish sophomore" wait do you have something to tell us?
Anderson Hunt was the glue of that team!
That awkward moment when kids see a toy they want on TV but they can't get it because their parents must be 18 or older
Was great to see at the young professionals gala, always a pleasure if not always professional
google glasses sound crazy.
Walking 3 miles over hot Manhattan pavement in black work clothes?
Just once I'd like to order bacon and not receive bacon-flavored strips of charcoal.
Lol its true :)
I was talking to my sis and I mentioned thirsty thursday...she was like whatchu know about that lol , only if she knew
making songs to the tune of "call me maybe" with your bestfriends is GREAT.
I got two boy bff's. I love them(:
“: out here livin like a athlete... fuckin niggas bitches in my bacc seat...”
RT "Wow has an album, i need to hear it!" YES YOU DO!! :D
Holiday mixed cases are here & amazing!! 5 beautiful mixed cases of 3 or 4 wines that are discounted significantly!
hope your conference allows really cool #ModelUN #iphone apps, such as ! ;-)
Its too dam hot in here
y am i up so early?? i either need sleep or coffee at this point in time...
Dear Fan
It's not just AppleTV. Live is the missing feature from ALL disruptive options.
heyy gorgeous, um I mean flawless <3
I had a blast too. Great to see everyone. Can't wait til summer
that's great j. Will check out the website. Maybe we could have you guys to our place sometime.
The closest guess to the TOTAL SCORE and WINNER of the Super Bowl in the #RVA area gets a 50$ gift card to Disco Sports! Tweet your entry!
mis-read that as "Best Actor in a Dress" I wanna see that episode of #House!
A good father opens doors for his son so he doesn't have to climb the walls he did..
Clarification: I need to convert diacritical characters only, from Unicode to UTF-8. Not getting anywhere with oXygen. How do I do it?
listening to Sean Murphy of RT : Settling in at
haha that sounds pretty good right about now
Oh great just another gatemouth!RT : THE ROCK in concert next!!!
's web interface is the worst.
Get it girl.
29 days to go. So close, yet so far away.
HAPPY VETERANS DAY!! GOD BLESS YOU ALL! THANK YOU!!
I just think people abuse it for self-loathing reasons, and I really just don't want to be a part of a community like that.
Damn i wish i knew wat that meant,lol
including me like 12ish. Not bothering to count the guys...too many. Is this typical of geeky meetups?
o.o you unfollowed!?
: I am;isn't Twitter wonderful
Taylor Gang or shoot up with a syringe that has 4 loko in it.
That Night at the Museum monkey has been getting a lot of work. Congratulations to Monkey and its family if it has one.
did it again. Great road win!
Thats more like between Term2 and T3. You can take the gate C9 bus to E2-A gate terminal 2 and walk to T3. You are in T1.
Headed to Seattle for the day...
VFW's tuesday spaghetti night of the hunter
i can't stand it anymore haha
Happy mother's day :)
if I say chicken would u judge me
I think the odds are slim that Horford will repeat his game performance from Tuesday. He's just getting back in the groove...
Rochester scores! However, goal is under review.
How'd you guys get a bunch of kids to play percussion for you?
Taylor can't make free throws to WIN THE GAME!?!
Good luck this week!
I was sleep by then lol
Ok , im finna get on instagram ....
how much prep are you considering? Beans, meat rice are cheap but need cooking.
time for
Big moves atop the executive pyramid at RCA Music Group: Peter Edge is upped to CEO and Tom Corson is now Pres./COO. More details in RAMP!
Thanks Cat! I appreciate it.
hey forward shoegazer band you talked about
nice job!
really good :) Wbu :)
noo its not you & its stright just tell me & that wasnt you . Inbox me & ill tell you . But tell me
“: #ToMyFutureHusband quality>quantity. This goes for almost everything.”
I'm gonna beat u gofing
We are interested in hearing from all voices in the education conversation.
Could assume bikes that are returned to same station travel at typical (median?) speed of point-to-point for time out.
I have a bruise on my ass hmm i wonder why
started listening to the kooks.. as if I need another thing to remind me of
sweet! That's exactly what I was looking for. I'll let you know as soon as we've got it in place. :)
Rather than asking for specific data points, we should be explaining the business need that access to the data would fill.
When job searching, make sure you change your Facebook profile photo to something presentable, since it's usually visible to everyone
Im trying so hard not play #ME3 every second of every day.
Tonight seems like a good night to put my inflatable Edvard Munch Scream doll on eBay. The first eBay lot to cross $100 million?
let me know what you think. good question. branagh or olivier? would make for a good story.
Today was practically death!
#ReasonsToLoveTexas Austin sxsw, S.A. the alamo, S.P.I spring break closest we'll evr get to vegas, bordertowns let the drugs come thru
how can someone hurt a nice sweet person like you and you'r also kind i here.
yeah, I've known since I was at least 12, officially out last year ;) I have pride and no shame!
9 of 10 school districts in south Wis pass referendums on Tuesday. Orfordville Parkview goes down while Fall River goes 1-1 on 2 questions
It's National Iced Tea Month! Does that include the Long Island variety?
Oh man! Where's the #kefirtruck when I need it? RT Have you tried our new Ghirardelli Caramel Sauce w Sea Salt Sprinkles yet?
enjoy the love
Holiday parties are a great opportunity for networking. Try to meet everyone, make a good connection, and get the card so you can follow up
Juicy j
When you ask a question you feel stupid for a second but when you don't you feel stupid for ever.
Join me Thursday for happy hour @ Plan B!!!
lol yea u know the girl at the very end where she like saves the baby or watever i think
Chase & Caden just be talking. lmao.
Burn Notice - so good!
It's finally Friday! can I get an Amen?!
naps are never a bad idea.
im with a Spanish chick if she ain't fcuking, adioss
personally i don't like categorizing things, especially art. Jazz is quite a nuisance 2 me. I prefer to just abolish genre terms.
beautiful photos. Humble Administrator - what a foreign concept...
So.....yeah, God is pretty awesome.
RT : NREL Resources PV Watts, OpenEI, BEopt, Utility rate DB are great resources for apps for energy challenge
: the # of people globally w/ relevant skills to develop good #opendata & #transparency policies is very small
AH, UFC. I FORGOT.
Today the San Diego Housing Commission. We were able to get a certified birth certificate for a 6 month old baby so Mom could keep housing.
happy mother's day to every single mother out there. I love you and admire the work it takes to do what you do!
thank you for the FF. I hope that you have a great weekend. Xo J
Decently Funny #100 - 100th Episode, Neal Before Us
...while standing on a chair. It's silly, and it doesn't help anyone with trouble breastfeeding become more comfortable with the idea.
"It is wise to direct your anger towards problems -- not people; to focus your energies on answers -- not excuses." - William Arthur Ward
Love is the only sane and satisfactory answer to the problem of human existence
. Used to go to movies alone all the time and love it. GF likes going with me now, but 3 Stooges may be by myself again.
Video: Why Employed, Recent Grad Attends NY Wall Street Protests
My ass hangs out of the school desks this dude said is that good or bad???
Always. I guess it's the social media equivalent of "no offense, but..."
What do you wear for a job interview? O.om
We have a new server/network ready - vpn-ub2 Dynamic IP pptp/l2tp/sstp server in Los Angeles. It's available in your customer area now.
Ugh I hate this class can't wait till 6th period Julio's eyes are so pretty
So excited, I got a bid on the Christmas sweater I'm selling! I still love eBay!
Listening to some Diggy Simmons before I go to school.
omg em_sacsss ! please come home now </3 mother bread and all her children miss you! :(
Narrows Bridge Reopened
once i thoroughly understand what u r for, & agree, I will join u, especially if I see that the cause will b effective.
I rate enthusiasm even above professional skill
let me know if you ever need a 4th!
you must of seen it in my bio or sum
It's just that the pace has picked up suddenly. Or maybe gradually. But "flat-out" comes to mind every day. #onward!
I'll be honest, at times like these I would panic. But for some reason I feel calm.
I wanna ride to Dallas Bala!
Guess that's a little like the only romance on an island is what you bring with you.
Be on the look out. We r hosting 3 incredible sweepstakes! You could win over $750 in prizes for you and your kids!!
people are lame. Meet you at Redmonds in 20!
really...sum time I wonder
Hope the audio books I requested come in before my driving trip next week. Holiday wkend may hinder their travel to my local library branch.
There's a little bit of devil in her angel eyes.
Be sure to follow great event celebrating Caribbean Culture in June.
2 coats, 2 brand new games and a book for $15! :)
I think you may have been hacked unless you are currently selling weight loss advice :)
NYE Tables are selling out! Make sure you reserve yours fast! 550-5551
Sunburnt like crazzyy. It was worth it though :)
Now why would you do that??
How can you think you deserve better when you don't know any better,the route to the top always starts @ the bottom,never 1/2 way up
Things I didn't noticed before it was too late: I don't own a bottle opener.
Access Music picked up and watched an instore RT : Whens the last time u went to a record store? What did you get?
Thank you! I'm home now, so that helps :)
haha I just heard about that.. too funny! :) How are you doing?
Exciting news #Popcorn Fans! Our #popcorn making equipment is being delivered today. One step closer to hitting the streets!
"Quite possibly the funniest night of my life. My stomach hurts from laughing" ----Agreed!
You ever get really horny, and lick someone's neck while you're telling them a secret? Neither have I.
Loving this windy, rainy day.
Keeping a diary ... is the best corrective of that fault of the age, excessive reading without reflection. (1850)
Be known for pleasing others, espcecially if you govern them
Oh man, now I am too! Haven't eaten there yet, but someone just told me you guys do gluten free and vegan pizza!
So Austin.....I sorta love you(;
don't sleep on cable...they will make a move if #ABCScandal sleeps on renewing. #Scandal but Oh on hbo or Showtime!!! Lawd!!!!
I'm so sick of this. And you don't even care? But I put up with it, wanna know why? Because I can't fucking stop caring, that's why.
yes, you annoyed me! Lol :-)
Bus driver is in Jack in the Box, so I'm just standing here in the sun, sweating.
This really is a fantastic opportunity for artists to be seen and support a great cause.
never fuck your publicist when you break up everyone will know your an
#IfIWomMegaMillions I'd have to purchase a box at Memorial Stadium!
The Harvard Card automated application... Kind of a nightmare! But I think it paid off... So far, so good!
One of The New Yorker
Going downtown to watch my babies dance today! :)
What's everyone been up to?! anything exciting going on?! Have you bought Bluey's single #ComingBack yet?!
Thank you to Susan for showing me the sport of speed stacking. I can't look at a group of cups the same way! AMAZING!
I finally get the green light to drive after surgery and where do I go first? Chrisgees's Salon:) My hair looks NUTS...this is long overdue
Missing me some housewives :/ but busy being one myself :)
Maybe we need to think of ourselves as amphibious: I consider the water my product time; on land? that's process time
CHALLENGE ALERT: Tomorrow we will be posting a challenge at 9 a.m. Stay tuned!
So nice of you to Tweet! RT i seriously love always great music.
You say 's gay yet 19 million girl's want his dick..so therefore your point is invalid :)
Changing the strings on an acoustic is a bitch....maybe thats why i hadnt changed them in a year and a half....
grow it out
Where can you learn how to design an app for privacy? A: Trial/Error & user feedback. This stuff is too new for school!
hola do have time to rt this it would mean the world babe;)
Android won when iPhone soldiers couldn't get their phones out of their skinny jeans.
you need tix?
Ya. Also looking for training buddy for a personal trainer at the PAC.
congrats man
Walking into the Society for Ethnomusicology conference in progress here in Philly.
If you build your argument around things said in Leviticus, I hope you're not also in favor of putting disobedient children to death.
- I wish. No such luck yet.
Yay!!!! So proud of you!!! I wish I would have known you were walking.. I would have come!
What a lucky girl!!!!
wow. katy perry. what is on your head? your sexiest woman 2010, that's some
Filosophy class :/ ugh! Boring as hell
still waiting for you to help me out!
r u cooking this weekend? I just had the most delicious turkey burger?
At Sofitel with for the 19th annual MMPA Oscar week student filmmakers scholarship luncheon and awards...
Paying only $3.44/gallon to fill up made the drive to Montgomery, Texas even better this morning.
And Twitter sure is helping. :) Good luck!
I just saw Nick Jonas on a box of granola bars at Winco. Not literally.
If you want to fly like a butterfly, don't flap like a crow.
What does this 4 paragraphs mean?
me too.
#ShoutOut to my new followers @
Child Age ~ Whenever I start getting sad about where I am in my life I think about the last words of my favorite uncle A truck
Ima try to sleep
Leaving from Jackson, Tennessee. Going to Oklahoma City, Oklahoma. :)
just hold it in and it will pass. As will you.
Do you live in Chester County?
im working at some convention at cowgirls meuseum but ill be back on my own like the 3rd week of june:)
If I had a girl in my room I could see her showering from my bed, thanks to an awesome glass wall...I could also see her taking a dump.
That's great! The Reynolds boys are good. Let us know when you are coming this way.
Need to get back on p90x
Anyone who lives in a foreign country that wants to be interviewed about their gun laws? Please DM me or email me
wow that just got real
Alcohol is not the answer; it just makes you forget the question.
Right there with ya. [RT For the life of me, I will never understand people who wear sunglasses indoors. That is all.]
its impossible to get noticed by but i knoe that it will happen #SOMEDAY so #NEVERSAYNEVER 87
I think I speak for all soda drinkers when I say to those who would badger us to stop drinking it altogether....no.
Open Hours today at the #OGStudio 3:30-5pm. Come tell us what you are working on, write on the walls and share your ideas!
That awkward moment when you get home from cheer and find random scratches and busies on your body. <<
Boo, I'll miss it! RT Last Natomas farmers' market of the year 9 .m. to 12 p.m. SATURDAY, Oct. 29 in the Inderkum parking lot.
Good deed for the day done! Helped an elderly war vet with one lung clear off his Buick of snow and ice this morning.
All is well my dear Susan!! Send you a big hug!! Thank you <3
Want to be more like Iron Man's Tony Stark. He's rich, smart and a hero. Hm...that's a tall order. Maybe I'll just grow a goatee.
YOU ARE
Who are you guys wanting to win the big fight tonight?? Mayweather vs. Cotto!
aw shoot. I was all excited to see a picture of food :(
Should Kobe be criticized for not being able to win for years now?
Nice you finally get to read the GEEK FACE OFF! I hope your Labor day weekend is kick ass!
this time last year I was in LA! Actually this morning a year ago I told Nathan I didn't want to wait til summer to get engaged!
agree 100%! I'll send you an email and we can start discussing things. Booooya
sure will follow you gotta follow all the #CeNation fans
Terrific eats and treats in Westminster tomorrow! Have a guess. We'll give one away! Good luck...
Cuddle up & let me sing to you. I would love to send you some free recordings of mine mp3. just message me your e mail address. ENJOY J
Today's Torta: Carnitas w. avocado, cheese and pico!!! Also, try our chorizo potato empanada special!! served w. baby spring mix salad!
“: It's time for another Michelob Golden Light Moondance Jam Ticket Giveaway!! Meet us out at Jimmy's"
I got music that's really gonna change the game. I can't wait to start putting it out yo.
Going to L.A. on Wednesday! So excited...
“: Never ate so fast in my life,wouldn't wanna be late for #DECALDA”
Ok Pauly! I see you!!! Pierce is going HAM on ATL
This is the second time today that i've pooped on the clock! But not literally
Alone, eating Popeye's at a Valero in Dixon, CA. Sooner some genius creates that sci-fi memory wipe shit, the better. I don't wanna be me.
Happy #Thanksgiving!
they say keep your options open... and never make someboody a priority when your only a option thats exectly what i do
give a review after ur out. Harkins is 2 miles North of me.
Ha! I'm going to have to agree to that!
“ Can they really feel like this is an accomplishment tho?”
Just watched "Enter the Void". I think I need a shower.
Encore Suspense is running a Psycho marathon today. Brilliant! Let's buy Mom some flowers & then watch Psycho.
So let's see , , AND ? THAT'S how you start a weekend! Doors open 10PM. Don't be late!
OneX QLxchange Make Money
Just got my jaw handed to me at #Hive on BoardSpace ^_^ there are some good players out there!
thank you for following website coming soon, stay tuned :-)
we are working on it. Some stands will sell you hot dogs to take home
I wanted to point out if you follow me I'll for sure with out doubt follow you back but if later on you stop following I'll do the same
#ConfessionNight I am absolutely in love with Chris Martin.
oh really???? U better get it!
Time for a hair cut
That is what he does! Ersan!
Decisions, decisions?? After attending Chapter Leaders' meeting this AM, SO many choices this PM
cont... Howlin' Wolf: Vol.2 & 3 (Chess), Link Wray: Good Rockin' Tonight (Ace), George Jones: Burn The Honky-Tonk Down (Rounder)...
Bad news comes in threes...Lohan, Santorum and now this: SI will be closed this Saturday only for contruction in our building! Sob!
OH: She was so fat Disney didn't want her anymore!
All that is excuses, alibis & talk, talk, talk. What we want is food, food, food, at ceiling, ceiling, ceiling prices, prices prices. [1943]
per msnbc.com Sharron Angle says she was shocked by her Nov. 2 loss to Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid
become a youtube subscriber! mr.slimgoodie38
Kobe is hotter than Kate Upton right now
In what way? I may be misunderstanding how sustainability is used.
- CALL ME
Did not know this! How cool! RT You did makeup on the Who's That Girl tour??? I live for her!
You are doing a great job. I am so proud!! signed Doogie Howser
I miss you kee
{sigh}. no comment.
TY for providing the Great info! “: Thanks for letting us know how to celebrate #JazzDay #JAM2012”
127 miles from D.C!
We just found our third band for the #InnerPeaceFestival in Milwaukee! Woohoo! I't coming together!
Hannah and Candy's bebos. I'm crying.
Tim #McCarver just said the story of the man beaten at Dodgers Stadium keeps getting "better and better"
Not having Bosh was HUGE and is still going to be HUGE.
Because i'm just never good enough.
Honestly didn't expect to still b at work
If you come to Chicago and don't see me I will never speak to you again. It would make sense, I wouldn't want to embarrass u
Really cool to meet & chat w/ today. Thanks for the hospitality and Verve!
When I was a kid, I kept on saying when I was a kid because when I was a kid, I felt more older when I said when I was a kid
...melting into pixies and radiohead....
I would think many ac libns, as this is so hot topic. Also pub libns as they are digitizing more assets.
hahahahaha oh no!! No wonder I had so much traffic the other day! Jk :)
Its #musicmonday ... Make sure you make us apart of yours!
Depressed, sad, lonely? We're always here to help.. free phone consultation.
Tumbling Dice. Great song, or the greatest song?
Not gonna lie. Vaguely terrified about tomorrow's MS150...
Which one of #Tiger's "ladies" will be in #Playboy? www.ussportspages.com
Dreaming of you #Selena will always be the Shit :)
WOW! I think God doesn't want me to go out tonight. A flash storm just hit. LOL!
my headache came back...
when has the trickle down theory ever worked?
Its hilarious when hispanic people curse . xD And the other person doesnt know what thier saying
Yippity to be featured at DCWEEK event. In DC? You're invited to join the VertiGO Team while enjoying some cocktails. VertiGO was...
Our Spring Client Advisory Board Meeting is officially underway! Time to cover new features, feedback, and family communication.
Wow, 108.8 mph slap shot by Charra at the NHL AllStar Skill Challenge!
Thats a welcome change
e 😁 let me know how it goes!!
You have mad Smiley skills.... :D
Montessori in running for Rack Room grant
He sees me when Im sleeping? He knows when Im awake?
THE NEXT FIVE PEOPLE WHO FOLLOW WILL GET DMS TO VINNY AND MIKEY!
8 FLAVAHS CALLED THEM LITTLE? THEYRE THE SAME AGE
BUT you still aint @ him and say it...i aint fighting him copping the first PLEA i can
what color do you want Danielle ?
2. CQ/Roll Call Outlook piece on how 9/11 changed the defense industry and where things will go next for national security contractors.
We got this,
No man is above the law & no man is below it; nor do we ask any man's permission when we require him to obey it.-Teddy Roosevelt
Watching Cops again, I can't stop, I don't know how they do it, I just hafta watch
That's totally fine. i just remember mid May and i just wanted to make sure it was all on track.
we had looked, but I thought it was going to be summer b4 he might actually do it, so I was totally shocked.
I want tickets to tonights Mariners game.
HEY U stop
Am I the only one who has to work today?
Witty banter with is the best
good I was hooding u would(:
First period teacher bought us krispy kream donuts <3
Happy Mother's Day girly ;-)
Learning about marbles.
352: It's such a blessing to live close to my family, and I'm grateful for impromptu family gatherings.
Lee Jun Ki's new single album "Deucer" is #1 in Japan! His new single "Together" was written/produced by !
i love the movie titanic :)
there is ice cream but i want to be tajen out for ice cream lol...ive been wanting too many sweet things today and havent gotten any lol
I MISS YOU TOO :(
Can't wait for the start of this weekend. Ships and planes Saturday, racecars Sunday. A much needed vacation from "work". We all need one.
Great point: "This is why we do engagement - because it magnifies impact - and higher impact is associated with higher loyalty."
can i borrow your new ipad? thanks
"We appreciate Pres. Obama for having the grace & dignity to engage in real dialogue and ultimately stand in support of the LGBT community."
you're amazing, you're my inspiration, be lovatic fills me with energy! i love you :B Lovatic4ever♥
lady gaga sings amazing live! love her! <3
State Rep. Mark Pocan describes Gov. Scott Walker's release of jobs numbers as "electionomics."
Good workout and my morning miles in the books, had breakfast and now work 58days left
He said you said you wanted to wait till summer to date. 0.o
a good idea
K'iche' and Nahuatl -- I gather y're a linguist, but why the intrst in Mesoamerican languages? Just curious.
Relationships are built over time and they include communication, trust, respect and shared goals!
Ever have one of those mornings where you feel like you've got nothing done. Then you think about it and realize you haven't.
sounds painful
We'd also like to thank for creating some AMAZING light boxes for use on March 24!
thnx homie! the hard work paid off!
Thursday night feelin right it's gna be a great weekend
you know who to talk to
I want a sax player at my church #vaumc11. For all the great cloud of witnesses...
not sure yet. Might be in London on a film. I'll let you know :-)
i agree!
I think Peyton has a thing for horses??.. From Colts to Broncos... Just sayin
How can I participate in children's book weeks events? I'm a teen autho. Check out my book Happy Easter!
Some flys are too awesome for the wall.
Great! Wish I was there to see it! ;)
If you worry about what people think/say about you...you'll be forever worried.
it will happen! Do not give up hope! I'm not, they will be here in like 20days and it WILL happen!! Kk?!
Make a free throw Conley
Is your car dirty? will vacuum the interior & clean the exterior windows of your vehicle with an oil change.
Film @ SECCA, Thursday, Aug. 18, 7 pm. "Automorphosis" looks at a collection of folks who turn their cars into artworks. FREE screening.
Day 2 of not texting oomf 
:O Darius ain't no good you can tell em I said it .
NESTORRRR! SHAVE MY HAIRS. RIGHT NOW. OKAY. HUNNY BOO BOO DONT BE AFRAID. I DONT BITE.
Monday Mantra: “The words you speak become the house you live in.” ~ Hafez
thePRODIGY @ house of blues, boston
Why are all the guys i like in relationships </3
You went on vacation and you weren't even done with school.
#WhitneyHouston RIP "I Will Always Love You!" You inspired so many.
Yeah, they got my son's guitar amp. Thanks Carrie!! Have a great day!
John's working on a project where part of his research is listening to every single version of Jingle Bells ever made. Insanity in 5, 4, 3..
You're the only TEN-I-SEE.
Casino Night Tips -Be sure to provide special prizes for the best, funniest or cheesiest act!
who's name was she screaming at night mine not yours mine nigga
we'll have details soon!
sweet costume! Excellent work!
Come join the fun and perform with KEIGWIN + COMPANY in Central Park on July 23rd. For more info contact
bad time to go AWOL, hit me up!
This monday morning GLOBAL PERSPECTIVES....she better end this class early..
Why is there a show called "When animals attack"? It should be called "When stupid people go near dangerous animals"”
thanks for following back! Lets pass the DREAM Act this year!
-I think about it over nd over again cuz its all n my head-!!
Yeah! RT : love your stuff. We use your kettles daily.
life goes on with or without u
Signed up for help and havent received confirmation email- need help!
Follow back please?:)) xx
But I'm back at it. Chicago thuggin'
Would like to view your movie, but not playing anywhere around me in ATL 30078!
I really don't want to know what goes through your head in your spare time.
MERRY CHRISTMAS EVERYONE!
Spending the day with Tuck :) all snuggly and warm while it's freezing outside!
Any Beliebers wanna tweet me? Talk about Jerry?
You know that feeling when you're writing a chapter that just keeps going on because you can't find the right words to end it?
Set appropriate quotas and metrics. Listen. Create commitment from donor or customer. -Defy
I love you too Emmy !
Can so see myself in a career where Im organising..why am i in uni please??.
hope everyone has fun at #sla2010 in New Orleans...wish I could be there!
Thx 4 the comment. Re: Logic > Marketing, I wouldn't underestimate the power of emotion and its role in the decision process
shoutsout to my friends who madevme feel better
The free Better Living Show is next door to #PedalNation and has free samples. So much to see and do here at Expo Ctr today.
Thanks for the shoutout! Hope you enjoyed the article :)
Great - between learning esoteric fund strategies, seeing NYC pint-by-pint and catching up w/ US sport, never a slow day here
but don't you think he should maybe invest his time trying to get it then? And ya, 3 hours is a good day.
Well spent the whole day with one amazing boyfriend(: can't wait till next week to do it all over again!<3
looked legit to me. i'll watch it again tomorrow and confirm.
u tomorrow =/
brb fixing lag again!
Haha well that's good. i am on my first listen - i'll give the other tracks another shot!
Thanks bro , I aprecciate it
now you gotta follow back!!!
Wearing my red scrunchee to the beach. Life is good
Getting set to head to Rex's Innkeeper in Waunakee. Going to give a speech at tonight's banquet for Lodi HS athletics.
Great pictures of the moon, everyone.
Beautiful venue and great beer. Can't beat it. RT : table is amazing!
Dancing with the stars is horrifying.
Gotta love health class well you gotta love me because i made it up 
the schedule says so, so i assume there is. ill see ya there??
Nope RT : did u leave work yet?
Thistle Gate Vineyard of Scottsville has joined us! Stop by for wine tastings and take home a bottle of Sangria. M!!
Looking forward to coming home tonight?
that doesn't leave us with much time!
La-la-la can't wait to get money right la-la-la then you can't tell me nothing right ;) (Kanye West voice )
have you visited the new T2 at SFO yet?
And one keychain for $75! Apparently not really targeting students or recent grads.
Happy Birthday Dad! I love you... I miss you...Continue to look down upon me & keep me inspired with all life brings! #R.I.P.10/9/2005
You kids and your quaint little town. The talk of snow is making me homesick! Stay safe and warm.
I love love love
niggas was suppose to go to this lil function at UC riverside college ..big sean was performing and shit ,,but shit changed smh
Great, thanks, looking forward
Any good movies on Netflix?
I miss all you people in this pic!!!
Im still devatin to myself whether or not i should go to first friday..
Please keep and the college students at Lee University in your prayers today during the storm!
Deng I felt like this week flew by lol .
she was an escaped slave lol
at least #Parenthood got renewed ... now i'm happy again ...
jealous wish I was there
Workstreams presentations at DPLA. Peggy Rudd is representing the Audience & Participation stream that I am part of.
800+ emails GONE. Most of them opened to look at "later." hehehe
You Ran Up Your Mom's Credit Card Buying SnapBacks And Your Excuse Is YOLO ? LMAO
requires no special equipment. easy to learn, can easily see improvement, scales well with people, can do it anywhere
Can you share a 'top 10' list of the "complex reasons" for why so many people are ignoring important scientific issues today?
“: Always having a glass of wine when i shower. ” You can put Jeager in your wine glass like in the movie
And now her brother wins most inspirational! Sibling rivalry again!
Just wanted to thank for the engagement tweets! I appreciate it!
Grow our Own Teachers program, Grow Our Own Principals program with focus on staff of color.
I hate removing nail polish. It takes forever. -____-
Chilling with my boos #twitterless evan
I need a couple beers after this week..:/
The crazy singer is performing poolside at the Fontainebleau Hotel in Miami, where guests can belly up to an open bar till midnight.
Boom! Therein lies the folly of relying solely on spell check!
haha its fine I have friday off
definitely! It was a quick trip!
I think I scared some soccer players when I LOL'd at that!
“ :( where have you been?
laundry...all day I think
RT : Negatory, good buddy! Your opinions hold weight here!
Whose birthday today?
breaking the spell of the typical.
Thanks, wishing you good harvest too. Mid-40s today and may hit 50 tomorrow. Colder temps coming but time is short.
In Pennsylvania, happily away from all you fuckers (-:
no i dont have any left and besides that would never happen as far as straight trade the XI lows aren't even sellin for nething
The number of people who begin txt msgs to me with "I know you don't like texting but..." makes me wonder if I'm a withholder or a luddite.
I wonder if anyone on stage at the #cnndebate knows we're in a recession...? Bah. All this birth control talk makes me crazy.
I'm almost ready for paper to be gone... but man, universal e-book formatting and current issues (Smashwords) = rough stuff.
you find someone special that was made for you. Your fingers will intertwine just right and your heart beats will make perfect harmony.
yes but they have good stuff to run and tehan their 3 pt shooter is scared to shoot,,
Seriously? Which ones? I always expect Adelphi at the bottom by the Walnuts.
you should fight for my attention and text me back before you leave!
Absolutely agree. RT When Rondo's not in the game, it's got to be KG on the post.
Met with this morning. Good view of the current market and left with a few good leads to follow-up on.
I love waking up to 's smile :)
love that comment!
On #MetroNorth going over #TheMajorDeeganExpwy. It doesn't look backed up at all.
NB that most of the unconditional media consumption of groups is in the past; in 2012, I think of mostly individuals.
is that after one of the cardinal dances?!
Awesome #frankfever hashtag! Frank Romano is a dynamic speaker and a true asset to the #print industry!
I've always gone with Q2Q
I don't know if i've ever been this excited about music!
Trust is like a piece of paper, once it's crumbled it can't be perfect again
of course, it's a great cause and we support your efforts. Thanks for allowing us to help. We need a big push this week!
Yeah I smoke I am a smoker and people know so I don't have to broadcast and tell the whole world every time I get lifted
Hunger is one of the few cravings that cannot be appeased with another solution. With that in mind, we stand ready to appease it in you!
Thanks to the great Lynda S. for getting me on here...now what do I do? I can't keep saying "No Soup For You" L.T
agreed! Took a red eye to ATL & just landed. Now for the 4hr layover...
Yes we have one on iTunes!
...just an advice to all the sociology undergraduates..it is a great field to go in to..but..you NEED to know statistics 4 success and $
we on for this morn?
The Hunger Games lived up to my self established hype. The post apocalyptic city of the future was well done. On to book 2...
that really hurt
new to the twitter thing....currently watchin the unborn then tonite all 3 cheetah girls movie lol
school til 5... then keys to the new apartment... whoop whoop!!!!
Well thanks for the heads up! Looks like I'll have to break my no-eating-out rule this week.
Promotion at one PT job. Sleep-inducing webinar for new PT. Bizarre hockey playoffs. Fighting sore throat. I'm beat.
Time for bed, G'night !
I Deleted Them A While Back Ago Mane.!
RT Head to our FB page and help us get to 1K likes for your chance to win a great prize!
amen. Jase and Si are cracking me up!!
she's embarrassed....
then I will do that:)
Hi Sinnamon ! We hope you are GREAT ! :)
Thanks so much for the RT on PBL!
Oops! I lost my mobile number! Could I have yours?
i agree but trust me i will always love u but like a sister
There's this sweet boy who is battling cancer, and his biggest wish is to trend on Twitter. Let's make it happen!
what?! Have fun man.. That'll be sick
Rise and shine folks! Don't forget to arm your system today.
Humans: lazy, we share & creatures of habit. How do we hack our natural traits to bring more value?
Taking pics at grove senior banquet...weird factor is high.
#CAM symposium with Drs Ishtar Yasin and Carlos Sandoval has been both enlightening and enjoyable!
hit us up if you are trying to book some time before the holidays
Hi Ivan, thanks for following me. Please consider following We are here to help. #DellListens. Thanks, LM
Wow.. RT As I understand it, all NFL player ads have to be pulled with expiration of collective bargaining agreement.
FITzees, what's your ultimate workout? Are you a cardio fiend or all about slow & steady, like yoga?
thanks for the add, beach yoga is the best!
do u ever get tired of being fallowed by poparazzi? an how can u keep your cool when ppl always have something negative to say
Ring ring ring, how many times does the phone ring till you pick it up?
Dance Class 2night 7p Bible Study 8p - Now is your chance to dance and get ready for Auditions 11/20 www.rocksteadydance.org
I wouldn't be upset at you, I'd be upset at what caused that.
. : Western tech companies had contracts w/ Eygptian gov't for digital surveillance. Activists still at risk.
": BUT IM A PEACOCK!! U GOTTA LET ME FLY!!"<<Hilarious!! Every time he said it
Apparently if you are a young black male, wear a hoodie and jeans you are on drugs and up to no good.
Today should be a great day to go to the #lilacfest. Who's going?
like?? We need names! Haha.
haha...Um that's what I meant to say.Psh I was totally listening...But you were so sure you were going and you did ask me to go!
"Small Acts of Kindness are Priceless." - M.G. Wells
#waystomakemehappy pass me that bong bitch
His miracles through you. Hence, becoming a living testimony. <truevoice>
it's not happening anytime soon. Alexa idc how much you dislike me, PLEASE stay?
The weekend begins!! Happy 4th of July to everyone!
Exactly! RT : Lots of incorporation of reflection time in class revisions (reaction to too much group work @ #immvt ?) lol
Getting a new phone HOPEFULLY within the next week. My old pay as you go T-Mobile phone will simply not do anymore haha
"Whosoever will call on the name of the Lord shall be saved."~Acts 2:21
Headin down to Atlanta to get down for the after-party Get ready to swim in "The Ocean" ATLiens!
gets the job done. you could use it for watching videos or playing other stylus-only games if you want.
It makes me mad cause I've seen like twenty pictures of all these girls with their boyfriends, and I'm over here with my cat..
“: Do Michigan fans call us #Ohio in basketball too? Or is that just the football fans?” no they said it in basketball too
Stay please D:
Short tommy is short
#happy it's nice out even if it's 4 2day...makin my day so much better.
hey wats good did you get the photos
Jesus Christ! Wait.
i hate that for you - arrangements should be available for out of town people
*spinning in computer chair* ,"CIRCLES WE GOING IN CIRCLES. DIZZY IS ALL IT MAKES US."
Hello everybody I send very few DMs and I do not send spam! I only use an iPhone so everthing I send is typed out by me! Beware of hackers!!
The Silk Tie likes Chad! We dig the tie, thesilktie.com
Heading out for day (2) of filming-
Eating the same food, just in different places is kinda like eating together. Right ??
Having a great weekend in Cincy with :-)
Don't know what happend to me and you
You said a mouthful there. Glad I'm not the only one with that problem. :)
A whole lotta cards are making their way north to !
follow and please :D x84
Hey nephew! Saw you in Atl @ philips arena, YOU ROCKED!
I wish I had time to read the other ones. but once u've read the best one, u dnt care to read the others lol
Brady Hoke Era
alright, that sounds like a grand old time to me. :) so you're getting a tattoo today?
Argh, these broken links are killing me! Apostrophes in the URL!
DRINK SPECIAL!!! $2 Bud Light Lime in 16oz aluminum bottle! Perfect beverage to wash down some Carne Adovada...yum.
well, we lose an hour of sleep now...so it's bedtime
Turned from draft just in time to see #Panthers score
awesome! Thank you!!
Good luck to the boys tonight against UMass!
Start of what should be a good week - my calendar for the day got mostly cleared out for today.
i love you like a love song baby ♥
We have a new twitter handle! Please keep tweeting along with us
ah... so tired, work wore me out today. but oh well im suckig it up haha i bn losing weight and idk how. crazy 12lbs in a wk
everybody follow / #TEAMVANESS my girl grindin . support her PLEASE . UP&COMING artist so stay tuned !
Seemingly it does, but after 6 years of World of Warcraft, I just want something LESS grindy.
I hate faux leather. Why not just call it what it is ...........PLASTIC!
btw, tweeple... got laid off last week. Waamp waaaam... yeah, bummed b/c I love the people I work with, but I know I'll find something else!
why not mimic the best
nigga we ready to hit it at twelve and spark up dat birthday blunt ~-(;
#IWishTheyWouldBringBack music to MUSIC Television (MTV)
Don't trick yourself into thinking it's going to be easy or should be. It won't. There's no glory without battle.
Coffee bean: cafe mocha with a shot of espresso
If Celtics win this game...
It's good to keep ur distance from some peeps because when they get too comfortable they tend to say some dumb sh**...
I want to call me for Valentine’s Day!” ?
The comedy book for the children and parents was created to bring families back together and help children who don't quite fit in.
What is the one thing that all men at singles bars have in common?They're married.
thank you so, so much! i really appreciate it!
- Yeah...it's kinda like John McCain saying, "I know how to get Bin Laden."
not for everybody but just curious to know whats your talents?????
I'm trying to party VIP tomorrow at Museum Bar. Tell me more!
It was great! She is so lovely.
#gymflow got me tired
Q: potential employees & nicotine?
wanted to let you know you inspire me daily, you've helped me through a lot justin, A LOT.
We have to say whether it's bogus or not, we are loving National Chocolate Cake Day!
i gave up
#4FamousWords You Only Live Once😉
Brittany in the Sweet 16 and Roch in the Elite 8 will the toughest match-ups in your region. Haynie is my pick to win it all!
Its almost the weekend! To celebrate the weekend almost being here I'm sending out $1 drinks! Shoot us your email and receive yours
aww Linda don't leave! :(
Me? Tonight I might have dessert at a cake shop in Manhattan Beach. Have a great show.
Responded to VACATE @ 70A Linden Street, Brooklyn, NY 11221 and helped 2 Residents. Red Cross auto update.
: Austin, we all love and support you.. You know.. Never say never, you are an inspiration for me! Xlove
S/O to my new follower #NFB 
Mines the far right!!!! hehe
and on the seventh day, we found a liquified potato, and it was gross.
If it�s set up right, it�s a rich environment of lots of learning and sharing of important material
Congratulations Dr. Deering Davis! Well done!!
Happy #worlddjday ! and it was a very good day!
Just drove by a red Audi w the license plate #volturi....lololol #twilight ppl
Yup! Definitely top 5 shows, all-time...so don't swap lives too fast, that is certainly not my average day!
Wouldblove to be followed by and chat more with
Not to overdo it, but this chair's address is making me feel all warm and powerful inside. Seriously, this is why we come to
ever known someone that didn't want you till you had someone else ? well i hate those kind of people .
My bad im all late but im good! Hbu? RT : Hey how you
So the cops are apparently looking for a white guy with a bushy beard. In Virginia.
NOT happy to read that the Titans are reportedly working out the Manning contract details- REALLY thought the Broncos had a chance.
It is my two-year anniversery with Youtube.
Since yesterday, 90% of the photos showing up on my fb newsfeed now have a brown filter on them
Hands down FAVORITE BOOK EVER! <3
:) <3 i wish we could talk more but we cant I really appreciate you helpingme through tough times eventhough you didnt know
Well at least I caught my train of the day today, well now I think I'll take my nap so unless you'll be doing a overnighter-
So excited for you!!
‎'Tis the season for Red Velvet Cake doughnuts! Come and get yours!
Nashville is the coolest town I've ever lived in, by far
Happy Mother's Day to all the beautiful mothers out there, especially mine<3 I love you so much mommy! I dont know what I'd do without you<3
So Young Girls Are Getting Pregnant/Wanting To Get pregnant, What's The Rush?
Damn, can't a nigga complain about a band once in a while..
I like the meaning behind Kevin Na's patch on his right sleeve. Matthew 5:13 says we are to be salt of the earth. Hang in there KN.
Thank you! :D
Wild! Curious how the mix engine stacks up against the heavyweights
Ugh, not 'til the 18th! I had a Pandora mishap (entirely my own fault).
Horrific. That California budget has a body count.
This is going to be a great week!
Kindness is the language which the deaf can hear and the blind can see.
Had a good lunch with of Arteless & rapper Jeuelz Steel. Look 'em up!
You look #gorgeous, darling! Glad it all worked out!
i put on Someday lotion, & now im sparkling like freakinn edward or something
Got so many funny looks while wearing my onesie around Katy today.
Cause it's Julia's birthday! xD
Guess that's why people use the phrase .. "no ones perfect! Mistakes made my passion a business .. mistakes make or break
Big IBM announcement today. Follow #expertsystems w/built-in intel, shifting the way companies think about IT.
": I blow so many pre calc tests." I blow EVERY pre calc test.
Traffic, you can't bring me down. I just did Bikram Yoga and a sweet Stevie Wonder mix is playing on my iPod. Booyah!!!
it's a free app but it does have a lot of pop up ads. I finally paid for the premium app for 2.99 w/o the adds. #less annoying
I'm gonna do my best to make that nickname stick.
RT I'll be live-tweeting the Republican debate tonight for
Aluminum Supply Company, Inc...........creating your vision in metal since 1948. Check us out at www.aluminumsupply.com.
You are welcome!
I've been rapping for about seventeen years, okay? I don't write my stuff anymore, I just kick it from my head, you know what I'm sayin?
thanks for following this account :)
Looking forward to it. Around 12:45. It'll be my first time. I've been trying to catch you for mos. Usually too busy at work.
Good morning world. Wishing U all a fun n productive weekend.
Copy that shit. Copies are like 10 cents each, right? No obligation, though.
Happy new year & love you guys<33
Love spending time with my boo. (;
Talking to new people> :)
Ding, ding, ding! RT : Things our president has blamed for his troubles.
I only retweeted that last tweet to show working out builds butts lmao
So, if you feel a smile begin, don't leave it undetected, let's start an epidemic quick, and get the world infected! ~ Russel H. Conwell
I cried my eyes out when they carried whitneys casket out while the recording of I will always love you played in the background :(
Expect an interesting game w/my #Nuggets n Lakers tonight, w/Nuggets running em into the Mile High tonight
when i think duche bag i think you
awww your going to make me cry. That was with dying on temple run.
I'm pretty sure I'm pissed at myself for not falling asleep. I newscasts egging sleep. what? I hate autocorrect. WTF is that^^
election shaping up to be polarized in true red/blue states and slim wins in battleground. Going to be really interesting.
I hope you’re living a life you’re proud of. If you find that you’re not, I hope you have the strength to start all over again.
Fabulous Design Tip: Halogen light bulbs give a wonderful warm and neutral color of light.
Do you still have this deal going on??
The real Irish people party at 6am!
Just now finally registered for the #lapcmain. 30k starting stack at 150/3. Table with floes, joe tehan, and
HA! I love Chuys chips & salsa! ;)
#Gamedevs, social games needs mobile play - says wireless subscriptions hit 327.6M (U.S.) & surpasses U.S. population....
It is a Roland Ax-Synth, love it!
Nicki Minaj awful. Tainted Grammys. 1st she plagerized performance.Madonna already did like a prayer.2nd no talent.3rd what was that trash?
Gotta love how Ramon Sessions drives to the hoop, gets raped, nothing. Ty Lawson pushes off EVERY TIME
Maybe Mitchell is hiring a new asst
#cara student Thaddeus S. secured a position as a Customer Service Associate ! 71 of 310!!!
We're almost at 600 likes on facebook! Help us get there and we'll give you a high five!
You think I'm gonna do you a favor after all this. Yeah no.
I am so happy to put together a new Real Estate contract for a home to a very nice couple in Arlington Heights with Pickett Fence Realty
As of 12:00 EST, The ZEST Collection has been completely sold out. We thank you for your business and support.
Dress shirt. Dress pants. Dress shoes. <3
I hope you ripped it up tonight mate, and left the audience bleeding from their bums... but in a good way... Obviously... Cheers
lmao not really...
Cosplay contest at our store this Saturday! We're giving away prizes like comics and stuff. Kids and adults judged separately! Come on in!
Loving it. I can walk to a soda parlor that plays dance music & a place that sells homemade lemon bars & coffee. Fun neighborhood.
Were you at Public house house last night? If not I bought a shot.for your twin.
You know you were a video major when you're watching a reporter, and you can TELL that they're using a Gold Sided reflector on her. 🎥 c:
Both of those latest tweets I accidentally sent to facebook instead of twitter. oops!
Research and Markets: Construction Sector in Slovakia - Development Forecasts to 2014
enjoying the non-stop MJ music today! Thanks to 103.5 KTU New York.
#MJtrial Katherine Jackson told to head down toward the courthouse...could mean possible verdict.
But does your female playwright heavy season help to balance out someone else's Male playwright heavy season.
Hey there, (HollyWebb), thanks for the follow! Hope you're entertained by what you read here!
So apparently, if you look up my house on navigation it doesn't exist ;D
reminds me of my ex-husband. He looks like him, acts like him, etc. (That's not a bad thing...lol) Watching #AGT Finals.
oh yes, most certainly.
Planted my jet setters, green zebras and purple tomatoes today. Grow baby grow!
10 year anniversary of the #Abolitionists. Shit is going down tonight. I will not be sleeping. You shouldn't either Blind Pig
There's something so fabulous about a perfectly worn pair of cowboy boots.
RT : Did you know if everyone in the U.S. washed in cold water, the energy saved could power the street lights of New York...
many of my brides come with color inspiration, but if not I suggest going with what they love not trends
FLEX TAA THE LEFT THROW YOUR MONEY OUT YO HANDS.
hope my fans are like
Thats cool there.
So my old choreographer, who fucking ranked it on us a week before our last performance, is going to do the choreo for the next rally.
Want to know yet another reason why #foreclosures sales processes are broken?: drawing names for property assignments at an #REO conf.
yea i am
I will be performing at the Onyx Party tonight at Midnight! Its time to "Free Your Body" with the Men Of Onyx! In the Crystal Ballroom A/B
that's how I used to do all of my workouts! Hope you make it, gurl!
Horror movies and cake. Hell. yes.
awww thank you so much!
Stop being a HATER! Christopher
Thank you for sharing! Let us know what your patrons think!
how is your coffee this morning? wanted to bring a couple of friends for that lovely espresso you guys are making
What a beautiful day in #nyc :)
unsure, didnt say dont like. I am unsure. I need convincing. - help “: Unsure of value? Are you kidding me?”
shout me out
its not mine
Truly love a henny up & the opportunity to talk shit :) love the
My bro & the rest of #HVTbaseball clinched the Flight B championship. Y'all said it'd be done & it happened.. #GoodJob I'm proud ⚾
“: I have your new slogan!!!! BAO CHICKA WOW WOW ;)” haha. I don't think that one is going to work for us.
hey! what kind of music do you prefer?
Looking forward to tomorrow...
12 more days of school for Pompano
Happy birthday! (: Happy birthday! (: Happy birthday! (: Happy birthday! (: Happy birthday! (:
Hi there, will the Miami Beach International Bridal Week be going on again this year?
My voice is horse and I love it!!! #raspy&sexy Rawr!
Yes, some good criticisms there. But representing hierarchical relationships using spatial ones is often a *good* idea.
Who's coming to WEDNESDAY WRITERS WORKSHOP at 1 pm in King 127 tomorrow (Feb 1)!?
5 college friends, 2 babies and 2 cats in a 2-bed/1bath apartment for the weekend... Sounds like a recipe for crazy.
part boxer or full boxer???
send the survey link...sorry we missed your original tag.
Clothes be damned; I want a fancy New York night out, sometimes...
oh shit.. Well with whatever it is, you can do it! Lol welcome naayy naaaayyy :)) haha
I am confused as to how a married man has a GF...
What was Hank Williams Jr thinking comparing Obama to Hitler? Obama should NEVER be disrespected like that!
but Wyd up anyway
you were saying?
Lets get to 1000 follower CarrieAlaina Fans.
is it prideful to listen to lost condom stories at work?
I'm Starting With The Man In The Mirror I'm Asking Him To Change His Ways.
Yeah wtf was I thinking. Too good to be true
Whoops, sorry, I thought I was! Thanks!
thanks for following me = >
Oh my god. At this sample. And the forthcoming beat. Oh my god. Oh.... my....
Good morning twitter
Everyone is going to change, thrugh that change, u find out who ur true friends are and whos gonna turn and run away
Working on a new blog article. New perspective on valuations.
#IHOP gift cards make a great gift for anyone and any occasion!, and they work at any IHOP anywhere regardless of where you buy them!
My Scottish night class professor didn't see "The Hunger Games" because he heard they weren't as bloody as the books.
Front Row !
Hey, have y'all heard of this 'sleep' thing? Gave it a try a little bit this morning and it kinda hit the spot actually.
Who wants an official postcard or cards to hand out??? Let me know!
but it's so easy to do if you use the word "inflammable" in both senses!
il2011 wifi very slow and not widely available
BTW where is the Birthday girl? let's talk Miranda :)
congrats! RT : I JUST GOT THE FULL SCHOLARSHIP TO USC OH MY GOD
Will they just make "ain't" an official word already?
whew! new job market scary
Heading to then over to tonight for PopRally. Fun day in NYC!
drip drip drip
Man shutup .. stfu , errytime I come in her you got the microwave on high.... Fuck you !!
Well, I'm usually pretty good at getting my Apple products to Just Work (TM). I chalk it up to late night and some botched files.
So what will you do with this snowy downfall? I think we should start an urban snowshoe team!
we've unintentionally neglected our twitter account. forgive us.
this hashtag makes me think of my school.
can you follow me ?
follow back lady?
I agree. Wouldn't it be nice if 'social network' didn't equate to 'classified ad department'?
You betcha, they were both rye anyway. Why not!?
I'm having issues with my #pc video driver and the power cord on my #mac is effed up. Looks like I'll be working from my
THE GREATEST TRICK SARAH PHILLIPS EVER PULLED...WAS CONVINCING THE WORLD SHE DIDN'T EXIST. And like that...POOF.
hopefully no one brought hot diarrhea farts again...that was just plain rude of them to D.O. You in class. ;)
In the last two days we have seen more pipe breaks come in, if you should need our help let us know.
#iWANTiLIGHT It has 2-3 full body uses and results that last 6 months. Excellent. It's for me. Saves me Time and Money.
Lawton, Torii, LaTroy and JJ eating a nice dinner together? Sounds like the dream I had last night. Minus Billy Dee Williams and a WS trophy
": "I don't shake hands with subs." -- Metta World Peace" This is hilarious. Wow
#knickstakeover #GiveBKaShot - Amare, this guy can shoot! He went at you everyday at workouts last season - check this campaign
PLEASE create an profile at www.ourstage.com & vote for to get on Janes Addiction's next tour! Every vote helps!
wow, speedy! Great job!
I can't scroll through Tumblr in peace when family is behind me u.u.
what time is it over?
Drag that beauty out! We'll have obscure music and tequila. I believe she likes both!
You won a t-shirt! Please send us your full name to be added to the list. You can pick up your shirt at your next visit.
weekend ahead
How many screens are projected be in the avg US household by 2015?
check out our full-length version of #theexperiment being remounted starting 12/9. Nightmare (Before Christmas): The Experiment.
Ransby quotes Arundhati Roy: "A new world is not only possible but she is on her way....you can hear her breathing"
you did it again. Except*
*completely ignores this boring physics video*
S/O to the homie !! Dude wrote on the last 4 albums I bought on iTunes!! #gospel&r&b
Thanks, Don :)
Humor does not diminish the pain - it makes the space around it get bigger
You know your a Foodie when the thought of a good meal gives you a HARD-ON!
mine to!
Who says cinema lol
S/O to for actually answering the bonus question!
“: Fucking forever. “: how long will you still be tweeting now that the show's over?”
"Then whenever doubt, anxiety or fear try to call me, They will keep getting a busy signalAnd soon they will forget the number."
Join them 2morrow should be a great class! RT : I'm teaching prenatal yoga tomorrow at 9:30! “: love to...
Today we got new book: Pencils Down: Rethinking High-Stakes Testing. Watch for review.
or maybe we can float on top my waterbed .
HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY TO MY MOMMY!! YOU ARE THE BEST & I LOVE YOU!!
Have we told you lately that we love you...night loves
twitter fail whale
Berelowitz argues that just using a mobile CSS style isn't enough. You don't want a downsized pedal car, you want a bicycle.
I need more FOLLOWERS!!!!!!
hahahahahahahha oh it's happening...
I am open for either.
First Paczki in t-minus 60 minutes.
Auditions done. First event done. On to the second event.
Dooster and Rasheed are some funny kids.
While I'm happy that Donald is in the final, it stinks that Maria is not in the final. #DWTS I'm surprised.
#7 Reason for Nissan to end operations in Iran: US taxpayers funding millions in federal contracts as you sidestep US sanctions
Dude, I freaking HATE Houston, but... That has got to be a red card. Last man. You gotta make that call.
Beats doing BEs all day.
Sorry guys, the ability to add personal events to the conference planner is still pending an upgrade reportedly due next week.
Diablo 3 Not Supported. Rollback your Video Card if it&#39;s AMD&#39;s ...
Interested in guest blog editing for 1 month? Get your name online for something you can show your folks. DM me. No prev exp. nec.
is doing ballin with her vocals! #yogogirl;)
falling asleep at the sink while the shampooist washes my hair. wake me up when the massage is over
Haha! It would be better than "hiney." Which has happened.
Waited an hour for seats ... Smells delicious, hoping its worth the wait.
And the winner is...! Congrats you won a fancy tee! Email with your address & size! Thanks for tweeting!
I'm thinking of adding paparazzi jewelry (inexpensive nothing over $5.50) to accessorize those dark tans? What are your thoughts?
