I'm guessing vegeterian menudo also helps hangovers, AMAZING.
i challenge someone to come play soccer against me. been playin for 10 years (;
I want to tell someone to drink bleach and see how the react ^_^
Okay, so Barack is the smartest person in the Universe, but he SUCKS at Fantasy Football!!! He just drafted Kyle Orton with the 1st pick LOL
don't cut dan hardy it was the best in 2011 and try to get chris LYTLE back don't cut hardy give him one more chance
that sounds hot ;) can I join?
I shouldn't be near Vegas and have money in my pocket. -Adam Sandler
ok. you talked me into sleeping in. that was easy
That sounds life changing.....
“ #Capricorn's are more comfortable being behind the scenes, why be out in front when we can control all the action?” Yes
I get in trouble for it too.
Listening to the weeknd on the way home
Gretta :( Well as soon as I am done being at the mercy of my realtor I will head out your way for dinner or something :)
What the hell i have to do to make my dad understand i hate Jalapeños on sandwiches?
follow her! Its her birthday!!!
#workconnectsusall with this chronologic tyranny "business hours". #20hourworkweek is what we need, not #sxsw online vulture capitalism.
Everything went better than expected! no damage
Anyone else getting 'site off-line' now?
We spend a wonderful weekend with Maggie Gyllenhaal in studio C narrating a documentary for Discovery. Cant tell ya what it is yet though...
Why do some ppl want to suspect u of doin something wrong when they are the real suspect
that WPPI/Twit sponsored photographers session was too good. Is it available somewhere, please. It was great.
Most probably don't care, but I'm sure many can tell you all about the latest Kardashian episode though.
Good weed no stress
COME ON.
napkin's pretty high on my list.
- Whodini one of the most underrated hip hop groups ever IMO. Awesome live.
intercept yo bitch like bailey
You still on that Mitt Romney bandwagon?
I wanna see my man PAC !
Almost all of our tamales are gluten free. Take advantage of our menu with our chile verde, tinga de pollo&vegetarian tamales.
So, NEVER PITCH TO HAMILTON AGAIN.
You a super hoe, but your cape on
You are my God I cum on Sundays to worship you, booty and titties so perfect, you so perfect you...YEEEEAAAHHHHH
write me at
I GOT MY ACCOUNT BACK!!!
WVU is dope
#askbillg has been working on this for 18mths in #chattanooga TN & need your help to push it thru ED ”
Grabbing a #Starbucks and then heading to #CentralPark for a stroll before #Meisner class. Enjoying the simple things in life. :)
did i get the time of day wrong again musa, if so im sorry
Will look into Mud Box hours for you.
...and the truth is, you're why I don't believe in love anymore.
thank u!
#NM #facts - Doc Holliday operated a dental office & a saloon/gambling hall in Las Vegas before moving on to Tombstone.
Need information about the club just ask me here! Need to make a reservation? Please call the club at 410.483.3356
OH MY GOD. hahahhahaha, i just got so confused.
you gotta get on that! a nice, old transistor radio (with wrist strap?) would cement your status as a local eccentric! B)
ctfu. you been going in on these mfs.
I should get a knect from target and buy Zumba rush
thanks for sharing the screen printer, James Franco.
You probably couldnt identify talent if it slap the ______ out of you |
Gr8 to meet u on Broad St last month. I liked the clip on YT. Let's talk about a portrait of u & project for the Newark Mosaic. peac
Cody looked sexy in that video and at first I was thinking omg Cody that shirt has got to go. But now I see it looks good on him
no. I grew up watching Yankees games with my grandpa who was born in NY.
Okay goodnight! Ah 13 almost 12 days till my Birthday!!!
Leslie is the messiah with mascara
good luck kid..
im michael scott up in the kitchen, look at me im whippin now
Tired ! Need lotto tickets ! Be back !
thanks for the RT!
Awesome! What are you most looking forward to seeing?
Me *Raises hand*RT ": Any of my followers HALF black?"
When a girl says ‘I’m done’, it usually means ‘fight for me :) x
Thanks to for their help with some lost luggage! Very helpful. Great customer service!
When you like someone so much , that it's scary to talk to them... I wish i had the confidence ! 😁😱
1) Polls are open for just 4 more hours. Have you voted?
thanks! We know in a few weeks! Hope all is well with u buddy!
VIP passes to the Nashville Amp Expo, check...
#IWantBTRAutograph your probably getting tweeted alot & your not seeing my tweets!! but really hope you pick me :)
Co-producer and designer Daniel McLean Wagner and extraordinary Martha Knight introduced by Linda.
come to wisconsin
You rocked my world moderating the American Horror Story panel last night! I feel so lucky to witness all that magic in person!
prep yourself.... It's happening
@ HollinsAlum scary/exciting/ miss Hollins so much!
you're making me thirsty.
what a win dude I still haven't gotten over it. I feel like I enjoy wins/hate losses more than the players lol
What the what? Does that cat have arms growing out of its head?
Live Twitter Feed from Refused Show. Pomona is the Portland that Portland hid in the basement.
happy Birthday tomorrow!
I'm too excited to sleep! came home and re-watched game. #dcu looked just as dirty on DVR as in person!
Tylenol codin.....o.m.g im going to be out like a lite ..
awww thanks you're such a doll! I owe you a beer :-)
Thanks to my latest followers!
We have been releasing in LCG format since day 1.
As soon go kindle fire with snow, as seek to quench the fire of love with words. - William Shakespeare
you best believe it! for some 2012 is the end of the world. for us, we're just gettin warmed up!
was just at the show amazing
yo more time set back and av to a pree...why mi?
hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha. You must stop with these hilarious tweets.
Nope, it's been working fine here.
best book ever!!other than the Bible of course :)
People tweet a lot that mean you got to much.free time on yo hands
Could you take Howard in your prime? Hm..
Those are the places that I've heard fans will be tomorrow night. Johnny's will be packed because of Big 12 Tourney. Mem club ur best bet
Thanks for the follow coach! Have a great spring season.
Still the Pennsyltucky I remember from my youth then?
Thanks for the recent mentions and RTs: - much obliged!
I Miss him but why he doesnt even feel the same.<|3
NO! Although it doesn't look like he tripped. What to do u think??
...waiting on tax returns, the longer I wait the more creative ways I think to spend it!
what u think of Nick?
In 1969, 42% of children walked to school. Today over 80% are driven to school.
Show tonight @ sauced! bring all your friends and yo mama! Starts at 9.
well, we know it won't be
This is Robert! :) He's one of Austin's close friends!
It's too bad that Wes Stadi won't get anymore recognition now that Geronimo has a new association...
Alright Youngstown... are you ready? Broccoli Samurai will be bringin the heat tonight... see you at the Lemon Grove!
Should've RT : I was running and saw and so I shouted some encouragement. No heckling or anything.
Work out 4 aau.n make my self better I got one more year n front of me n I have to work harder then I did this year
He's so annoying.
lol...i am having fish sticks and rice with a side of broccoli...was just sayin
prepping for Africa. camp gear and giant sack of antibiotics ready to go! Mfuwe, Zambia here we come!! T-7 days and counting!!
I just wanna share the love
counting down the days until the Philly show <3
Too late, I bought him a discounted Children's Bible ;) It's missing the stuff on kindness but he'll learn that in the church ;)
for some reason i feel you're the only person in the world who if i could prove my worth too as an artist it would be a reality
We didn't broadcast today to support the fight against SOPA, so nobody heard us. Not much different than other days.
Jon Gruden next UM coach...could it be?
Fair warning: probably going to be obnoxiously live tweeting
#listenbitch stop staring at me like I stole your man. I don't even know you...or him. So what's the problem?
Great lunch. Now time for a nap in the #BICSI credential holders lounge.
Heck yeah. MT : There are going to be some excellent DH panels at #AHA2013. Filled with tweeps.
Its freezing! :(
quit tweeting during orientation :)
Pssst...40% off at my store all day today. You should visit the and say hi. Oh, and buy your friends and family gifts.
Take back my heart, I don't mind.
I just started using it a couple of months ago. I forget to Tweet!
Happy Thanksgiving all...Open at 6pm for some football.
Reunited and it feels so good
Tip 4: It's certainly fair to ask a person about themselves. But, don't get too personal on the first date.
U need more than magic n a hat to pull out a victory over Milwaukee . #BEATLA # SWEEP # BREWCREW
you're welcome! Glad we could help!
No better way to start the day than a hill run with and Team MCVET. Thanks guys. Remember to stretch!
“: Expose foes wit my hocus pocus flows, they froze now suckas idolize my chosen blows”
we gave it that 420 look, lol glad u noticed
Excitement is what fuels what we do!!
Motivation and big thinking is contagious! Thanks for sparking the fire!
there you are! I've been looking for you!
hey thanks for the follow...I am serious about my career has a writer and I am interested in AnR....management...and Pr.work
i feel like pop, i have a headache, and ive been sneezing ....----_____-----
Yayy!!! I'm so exciting to see it!!!
The way the Saints' D played lately they should ask for a refund. I wonder who snitched?
so happy i waited to watch the new season of #Sherlock !! if u haven't watched the series before START.
Happy mothers day to me (:
I'm having too much fun :D :/... lol
": nah nah I feel you lol"so wyd on dis amazing friday nite?
How dare u :)
Couldnt have said it better myself RT : is so fucking sick.
dog and caffeine being the backbone of the setup :)
Just switched out a plastic container for a cute multicolored basket that holds my clutches just as well!
. welcome email for #ncaa: "We're excited that you've chosen to bypass the traditional paper and calculator brackets" rly?
You could hope that maybe there will be a streaker before the end....
Watching Gary Vaynerchuck's Crush it!--The Other 8 hours-marketing tools. Very interesting on social networkinyes while working online
Wow, really good sale at Barnes & Noble
where are you moving?!
Working on a rendition of Coldplay's Yellow for an upcoming ceremony... We've got lots of creative music ideas... Just ask!!
well just watch how you say things that's all
There is a stack of lumber in my front yard waiting to become a porch. So after breakfast and Gershwin there i go!
Ha a few glitter mishaps lol but our poster is pretty snazzy(:
hey track Thursday? Only day I can go haha bc of trip
Tonight feels just like summer.
Hey kids, take it easy on Loxington. Don't burn to much
Bitch your just like monday, Nobody likes you!
fracture and disruption -- I like these challenges ... this could be fun
Rawlings: selective liberal arts colleges produce more students who go on to STEM PhDs
and today at sunfest! Soo excited!!
I love you please follow me, and come to Paris with Greyson !
Wish I could be there.
Are you fucking kidding me? He had 2 sacks in conference USA!
Now you're just making me sad.
If only I could be a better Britt Reid than Seth Rogen (disclaimer: I actually like the fellow, but that movie...FEH!)
Done and done!
Happy Holidays, Liz! I hope you are doing well. :)
hoping i'll get like 25-30 $$$ tonight so i'll have almost $100 saved up. I'm getting there LOL.
lots of people (who aren't geeks) self-apply the term. "Geek" is in. Not to be hipster about it, but it annoys me a little.
The cheese I've been eating most this week: Cave Aged Mellange. A goat, sheep & cow's milk creation, crafted in WI. M!
Horrible day :( but a bit fun at times :)
Happy Birthday I hope you have a GRAND day
@ the Half Note in Bowie,MD watching Corey Baker, Kevin Walker, Alvin White put the Phunk down HARD!
RT : it's a beautiful monday morning!
Opening for tonight in Sanford Florida at The Barn. Looking forward to it. I have 2 free tickets if your in the area.
Exuberant Pink by sherwin williams is my all time FAVORITE! Yep and it's in the new PIXEL-Micro Multi!
"First they ignore you, then they laugh at you, then they fight you, then you win.” -Gandhi
YAY!!! <3 RT Best news of the day: my pop's PET scan was clear, he's cancer free!!!!
1/4 cup of sadness, 4 cups of anger, x a teaspoon of depression... Wen yu done mixing that yu will get my feelings
Thank you we will be listening... Please RT
Europe update: We've been to Copenhagen, Salzburg and now are in Ahus, Sweden. Very rainy in the home of Absolut Vodka.
Whoever invented NFL Red Zone channel should get an award. All the scores real-time in HD as they happen with no commercials. So nice.
Penicillin... lol... Works every time
I really don't think Walker cares about jobs. He got his supports more $. That was his goal. Now he is set.
About to get homee 👍
i love canny peepz
Happy Fat Tuesday! We hear has paczkis!
My father-in-law co-wrote that! Highly autobiographical; family stories galore. And my hubby was kinda the template for Kevin.
AP test in less than 15 minutes. Well, crap.
Happy Monday Beautiful People! Kentucky gonna win tonight and #MuppetManDavis MVP - XavierLT. com
« Wow. Last time I saw something like you, I flushed it.»
Just notice we 16,000 rollover minutes w/AT&T - WTF, I am suppose to do 16k rollover minutes? Switch to a lower plan =get overage fees
Being Sick. <<
Commuter Buck Hunt happening on campus today! Find Commuter Bucks and spend them in the commuter auction. :)
YOOO TONIGHT WE'LL BE @ THE COW WITH ERIC LOCO...come through and gig! Play It Through hittin the stage at 11:15
Remember Wednesday we party at Club 212!!!
Wait, are you working on a time machine too? #Glee = guilty pleasure. So glad it's back!
Good Morning , America ! Hurricane Irene . . . . going to get ready !
your amazing!(:
Boarding/exiting the Metro at Anacostia RT : #QOTD: What's one thing you knocked... til you tried?
yea god im like crying
Does anyone going to the caps game tonight know if they're handing out towels? They better be
Hey! has 25 Cent Keystone Taps and 50 Cent PBRs tonight! 807 S 5th St
Chicago never dies
And, almost goes without saying, I've read and love Little Brother.
Congrats to Rick Chaney, special ed teacher and JV coach at Oregon City HS, who wins a pair of tix to RIP City Classic via
Born Free........Taxed to Death.
#Str8LykeDes... I'm through with des shit...
They took our jobs
great quote! ;)
No sense! Lmao! #ThugLifeRon RT : My guy said, "I gotta rep my hood, Queens Bridge" lol -
Chelsea, my publicist says its superhard to get to your show because im not known. Can he pitch my nuggettness?
he's currently serving the 8 year term. He's not going to be out for a while still
Rise and Shine! Okay no shine but it's warm at Fresh for Brunch, Taste Washington later today
Of course nursing helps because it burns 500-600 calories per day. Repeatedly dead lifting a 16 lb baby boy also helps.
Need to relax and let go of some built up stress? We have a #YOGA coming up tonight at 7:15...join us!
do you have my number still lol
you're everything that makes me fall in love
Gotta quit with savannah drama. I need more friends in Selmer. Haha.
Did you know our springless #trampolines do not have any springs or steel frame on the jumping surface? Feel safe about your kids jumping!
Like comics? is your man!
..writing a new song on the piano . its pretty dope so far !
Congrats on the site going live. Go .mil!
i think you just saw the trends that are up for you... awkward.
^_^ yea i kissed in the rain ... no biggie
Live clean, live green
I can't believe I'm going to say this, but I actually miss reading theory.
Interested to hear about what happened v NY - only had 35% possession, at home, and still won - what happened there?
Basketball wives is so dumb! Haha none of these bitches are married to basketball players.
Google "Expat Shield"
"not a hater, just a curator."
I am an unstoppable force,I move mountains, mountains does not move me...
(G.K. Chesterton) It isn’t that they can’t see the solution. It is that they can’t see the problem.
Is there anything I can do, I'd be glad to help you..
I enjoyed going to the King William Fair today. was a nice, hot day and ate some sausage on a stick and a turkey leg.
Right on!
Fantastic game!! Keep it going, we really need the offense.
Thanks for the tweet Will you be attending the event?
At the end of the 1st half, the leads the Blast 7-2. Stay tuned for the 2nd half action, and let's go Blast!
And i say
re: Valve, too bad people aren't compensated for creativity / ideas. Hard without them being defensible property
Prom is around the corner and the buses are going fast. Don't miss out on our special, which includes dinner with the 10 hour package
Its to early to be up
please tell me it is a double first name? Just rolls off the tongue! Liza Nelle, such a pretty name
i put him as DH id want Jones in my OF he's one of my favorite guys thats why i had him hamilton, batista & kemp they are my 4
Some men are just effin creeps.
what r these moves ur putting together?
The Davis Bottle Shoppe is hoppin' for a Tuesday night.
I'd like more _______, please. Fill in the blank.
Might be "thinkable." AS seemed pretty confident yesterday when he talked about today's strategy. Hmm.
dont you mean dirk and jason terry
bahahaha im diggin yur pic(: did u do that on cam wow? I love that app ((:! Please follow mehh (: it would make my year (:
Just made one baller cd!!
I just hate it when something perfect turns into such a huge lie...
You took it out ? Why !
Lay person copyright status. www.creativecommons.org
Of course the Pack pick my second option smdh why!!!!!!
Oh okay i see. But not a lot of people care. They swear up & down they do, but trust they don't.
So happy for you, Lord knows I need new life in The kitchen!! Ha!
Sittin in the new moon screening...lost guess I shoulda watched the first one huh?!?
The menus for #FoodTrucks hosting breakfast Friday is making me HUNGRY!
When my computer looses power this time of day, it's secretly saying #gothefucktosleep. Thanks
thanks! the dome was fun--as was the convo!
boys boys boys, we love them! :D
Slow day...
"You may call for peace as loudly as you wish, but where there is no brotherhood there can in the end be no peace."
Caught Up in the Rapture
I am a huge advocate of clean undie-drawers.
are you looking for Board Members? I have experience.
Great, I'm fine too...
katy perry
not really! They are all like an episode of cops. Lol!
so thats like sayn u only got a dollar!
You're annoying.
RT for your New York angels <3
Just give me time and I’ll get over you.
So u got your 2yr old outside butt naked smh
That was NOT indisputable video evidence.
when did do THAT?!?
how long you in town?
Feels like a friggin' #Phillies game tonight at Chase Field vs
This is one of them nights when I wish I was off.
I hate storms when I'm all by myself... The power is probs going to go out :/ I'm just going to go to bed GOODNIGHT!!!
WHAT THE FUCK!!!!
Good Night i had enough of haterz oh Me and Ray Ray broke up, we are done we arent dating !
I wonder if that get piped in from corporate.
Equator Line Records!!!! We make it hot! Eeeaasstt! Eqlrecords.com
First Date Impressions- First impressions are important make them count. Here are some tips-
I. Need. That.
it was last week. reviving the hash tag. may be beating a dead dog haha
Riv has found him some wheels from some where
okay j rock
I double dog dare you to follow me;)
died 6 months from today </3...RT for our
Coffee Cake Muffins...M. Delicious!
that is too funny! I guess old habits die hard huh! I do the same!
": I like to take it one day at a time" short sighted thinking will leave your bank account short as well, gotta plan evry move
Sprung from cages out on Highway 9, The Boss; Bruce Springsteen. Enjoy the concert.
friendly reminder to all "people of faith": a belief is not a fact, it's a need.
Be sure to play, to make your day, sparkle with joy, so your heart says YAY! ~
I don't get this whole Klout thing
Jaw muscles can contract with a force as great as 55 pounds of pressure on anterior incisors, and 200 pounds of pressure on back molars.
Hi everyone :)
movin 2 my new apt. WED such a hassle,hate movin,settin up my recordin space n all dat,better view n more space so yeah#COOL!
I don't think axmen has enough cussing in it lol
LOVE YOU CODY
I aint religious, i just believe in God
Ugh I really hate doing laundry :( 
Getting new designs and logos ready stay tuned!!
everyone live Tweet pick 182....NOW
Bottle after Bottle
shit. I literally just left. Had a 9pm call with china.
Ill Tat my face before I Brand my body.....
Think we'll have to disagree, as "too many other interests involved" is not an excuse to right past wrongs.
my sister I love this girl happy birthday for the second time. : ))
ok send me the link
I just watched the show! You were g8t. It's nice to hear healthy lifestyle tips from a real person!
later today, reveals his top-rated prospect in 2012 #NFLdraft. Hint: His No. 1 is guy who won't be picked there.
Does she bring you "gifts"? Had 3 shrews on our porch this week. :(
Give me a break let me make my own pattern. All that it takes is some time but I'm shattered.~
Word. Questionable use of words.
No #ignite for me, currently on the couch sick. But, hope you all have fun down there!
I love the way u hold me, In your arms I'll always be. You take each & everyday make it special in some way.
thanking friends for hosting today's #swxengage chat on #multichannel marketing + customer engagement
peep out our upcomming foam party
I love when people say "uummmmm" in their outgoing voicemail
In all your getting, get understanding ~ Proverbs 4:7
I want coto to beat mayweathers bitch ass hella bad
It's a morning. Happiest of Birthdays to KeJuan Carter! Show him some love, he's an even older man today. :)
That's actually Joel's bass. I don't own nice things.
RT I stand with Mark Miller because I can no longer wait to be included by the church I love. #gc2012. Blessings to you.
A big congratulations to Rachel's Level One class for an excellent show last night. We are all very proud of you.
Thank GAWD. How would I survive on Sunday otherwise?
Cassius is really going to talk the entire way to Eugene. Lord help me.
I hate Mr. McClure. <-- if that's how you spell it.
Too bad most celebs are in the entertainment industry and support this bs.
yea, most of the time I do, but now I juss drive around nd shyt!
Seperated out 192 crayons for projects later. Now onto Avengers!
“ No. But I can't stop you from swimming naked next to the boat
QoTD: "People who are brutally honest get more satisfaction out of the brutality than out of the honesty." (Richard J. Needham)
The racist tweets about Joel Ward are disgusting.
Let's hope the 12th man doesn't decide this game #49ers!!!
Im a cowboy
that's pretty pretty cool! Wish I could move there, or to Wisconsin!
One of the things that I love about Tweetchat is that it automatically adds the hashtag.
Is it wrong to think that the ppl complaining about bountygate are giant frickin' wusses? Can't help it.
Learn how businesses to use online video to attract more links and prospects to your website
You got it!
Hey Padma Lakshmi how can u deny your daughter the right to have her fathers name on her birth certificate? Choice isnt self-serving dearie.
On the bus with annoyin childish people . Grow the fuck up .
I need some chocolate chip cookies in my life right now!!!! smh
caps official mobile app has live stream
Live Like You're Dying😜
and every time i think of you i wanna cry. cuz i jus dont noe. how u feel. but i noe. i miss you.
Here we go again :)! Two EyeCandyC'ville tastings and bunches of cake tastings. Love meeting brides and grooms...love is in the air!
happy humping to all<3 ily
Well, my son, Ron, got me a brand spanking new acoustic for my birthday! Way better than my old one. Raised him right! :) (Grant)
When you pusue God with all of your heart He will satisfy you with His goodness!
Working hard on our April Issue, which is also our Tween/Teen Issue! Lots of great features coming your way!!
what position do you play in baseball?
aha FOUND THE TRAX we will pick em up in Seattle and be back in Feb with them...than U can do your magic!
Carly is having a blast judging tonight's Guinness Perfect Pint contest. No one knows head ratios better than her.
3rd Period starts now.
Well I hope you feel better real soon
October the oneth.
Now you know why us Norwegians have such issues with Sweden
"Nothing great will ever b achieved without great men, and men r great only if they are determined to be so." Charles de Gaulle, statesman
Five errors for the #Rays tonight - the same amount of runs scored so far by the two teams combined.
Thx for tip :) -CV
T-5 who else is dying
So sad I missed you at #TasteWa yesterday! Heard you & caught up though :)
FREE DRINKS TODAY - be among the first 5 people to say the secret word "CREEPNIK" to the bartender and your first drink is free.
okay I'm down.... If I get one are you really going to get one?
So bummed didn't get tix for 4/22 im mpls already sold out like 5 minutes no for me :(
yeah! i know but its ok:( well... i can buy other c:
A potluck where the host assigns me "banana cream pie"
Thanks Kim! Happy writing!
An enormous tragedy. A tremendous talent lost. “: BREAKING: Publicist Kristen Foster says singer Whitney Houston has died at age 48”
I really really want to say I told you so but that's not the proper thing to say to someone going through a breakup
Hey twitter, have'nt tweeted on yah for a while.... XD
school forgot 2 set IEP date I had 2 remind them We all need all the luck in the world to deal with these meetings
You have to be yourself no matter who judges you.
who else are you following?
Ready for #AIA2012! Got the great app, everything on my calendar, packing and looking forward to it! Thanks
I am
I love rainy days.
OH: "Cheese-it's for breakfast? For reals?" "Oh yeah. Trick is to fill half the cup, shake to achieve low entropy state, then fill the cup"
Thank you!
"These wines are the opposite of everything I thought they would be." Which means they're awesome!
It's hotter in our office than it is outside. Wtf?
Being different and the ability to be creative and change will keep him intrigue. Now thats the new sexy
I wanna change my twitter name to something clever..
Just finished lunch at winderlea courtesy of tina's. Grilled quail, berry pavlova, and salmon w/fennel. Honestly, I need a good pizza!
funny thing is, that was me. xD ahaha. Let's go be dumb and talk about marijuana. alright. cool.
you know cudi does a hook at the end?
Protect her, fight for her, kiss her, love her, hold her, laugh with her, but don't make her fall if you don't plan to catch her.
care to elaborate?
Follow for all things Blazer Athletics
Let's go #Pacers, Good v. Evil right here.
Beiber got belts
16 more days! (:
hey there! if you follow (sister acoustic pop duo) they will follow you back!! myspace.com/poemaofficial <3
Really? Cool - yes I can make the designs bigger/smaller change colors on some etc. I've got a lot of flexibility.
Still no baby yet...
where do you work?!?!?!
is going to jump back into my comfy warm bed
I think they "get social" more than we think.
Happy Birthday Princeton from !!!!!!! ❤❤❤
totally do-able! You'll fly through the books.
Leaving midtown work to go to east cap. Work. Hugh im hungry
I'll follow u if u follow me..Im funnier the hell. Do it, you know you want to tough guy.
Signed up for first Tough Mudder in Beaver Creek Colorado in June. Bring on the hurt!
Well it didn't crack, and it turned on when I plugged it into my charger, but the screen won't turn on.
I'm cool with #whatevs as long as my view is sweet.
Fannie Mae's Former Chief Fights to Clear His Name - BusinessWeek
I can't wait for you to catch up to the current news!
he has 8 appearances. 0-16 with 6 k's. Yet to reach base.
Dear I still love yu and even tho we don't talk no more yu know I will sways be there for yu
Any of you twitter friends play SWTOR? :] Play with me!
it was really cool! Go after dark if you can, great visual displays.
The coffee pot worked fine yesterday, but has been bubbling and popping for an hour with no results no matter how I try to fix it!
Which means we'd be like.... 3rd in the East ;)
no problem, would hate to waste your time. is a great #brewers follow however.
Milf city at target right now
We Follow Back.
Don't you have minions for that sort of thing? :)
I dig the organizational wiki for the pasadena digital history collaboration- super efficient
Yea buddy Spurs are up after 1st.
#WeWontWorkOutIf you text like a robot. Learn how to keep a conversation going.
I don't cheat and wouldn't give open access. Just on principle.
It's an amazing day for a bike ride! Yay for hoodie weather!! :-)
I gotta main bitch nd a mistress im trynna work it out im on my fitness. #NP Love Affair
That and FOB is all i've been listening to for like the past month \m/
Just won a round at the 2009 Robot Monkey World Championship II in Greenpoint. So much fun!
College: Source: Pitino won't be elected to Hall of Fame Louisville coach Rick Pitino might win his second national championship Monday,
Could see severe storms tonight here in New England. Pete's busy tracking it. Latest at 5:30 on
So excited to hang out with my boyfriend tmrw, I forgot its my 1st day of classes... Haha
I got a sunburn today
through lunch :) thanks
In the most pissed off mood of all time
Since my two best friends and can't just accept me for who I am guess its time to start tweeting
A older guy who's bio said he's a plumber just followed me.... why do old people always follow me?! I block them anyways -___-
whats up and im texting u right now ! :)
I want to play with coursera...
If you're going to be subway-less & stranded in Williamsburg, make your own adventure w/ , a 2 hour walk, & some groupons.
Leaving for the gym before 5 am and part of me longs to be normal. Then I remember what it is to be normal.
3 words, 8 letter, 3 syllables, 5 vowels. 3 consonants, 2 nouns, 1 emotion, many meanings, a big lie, a rare truth: I love you.
hey ive loved u from the start will u please notice me i love never say never:)<3!!!!
I mean, if I were making 6, 7 or 8 figures and they played the national anthem before my job, I'd manage to drag my ass out for it.
#cavemantailgate with at metlife stadium for the #newyorkjets game. Let's go Jets!
Two shots and a spliff im getting on your level my dude never too early
do we have a new Chicago Bulls fan?
Im not fat just well fed.
can't tomorrow but let's do lunch. I'm on baby duty. :-)
Do you ever sleep?! Or are you up all night sending out pics....
damn I didn't even think about that
My squirts showed growth today. Still lost, but we're on the come...
Success is not permanent. Same is also true for failure.
Good night to all of you!!
Such sad news to hear of Donna Summer's passing. You will me missed dearly and your music will live on forever. RIP <3
Everything is resolved
Welcome to autumn! If you need us, we'll be celebrating the equinox with a nice ol' Sampler Pack.
#OpeningDay Let's go Mets ...Let's go Mets...Let's go Mets ...Let's go Mets...Let's go Mets ...Let's go Mets...
lol ok clown my Bad
“: I've confirmed that Dan Hurley is the new URI coach AND Bobby Hurley will be coming with him as an assistant." YES!
How have you been Del? Long time, no talk. You seem to have been busy lately! I hope all is well :)
Actor has to get used to the world of illusions. Don't always be touching something.
National cat herders for ads in preferred *local news* slots on TV get 15%, limited slots. Hm. I need something to do in 2014.
Cannot deal.
Hitchcock movies help me pack.
“: In need of snacks...”go get us som
RT : Cheers for that!<< Sure thing!
got my first tattoo yesterday(: and i think im addicted to them now :D
Of Monsters And Men is Sold Out tonight at Water St. But they just released 16 tix. Already a line. Doors in 6 minutes #getherenow!
This Wat am bout to do... evertime I get a follower I well get they name tatted on me. follow me
Thanks for the follow! Looking forward to reading your blog and tweets!
RT : Pls follow an #Indielabel from & tell them I sent you! Thank you & Pls RT
Headaches...bro!!!
Busy Days
Don't try to be on every platform Pick the ones where your target audience hangs out on the most :)
Ill put my balls on your drumset!!!
THESE WEAK ASS RAPPERS/SINGERS MAKE IT HARDER FOR PPL LIKE ME WHO ACTUALLY GOT THE TALENT
LLWS was a really good game today !
oh boy this one smh
To all you people screaming about Troy Davis what if he did do it? He was still at the scene attacking someone. He wasn't a good man.
Happy #thanksgiving everyone! I hope u all have a great time with your family!
you make my speakers go boom boom
My wife is making brownies and using black beans as a big part of the ingredients. I don't know what to say about this.
Thank you for following me...
Man U needs a tie so I think that is what they will get. I hope it is wide open soccer but I am not sure it will be
“It is not beauty that endears; it’s love that makes us see beauty
Blows the F UP !!! sings his ass off.
Story pitches!
never had curry chicken omelet
Thank YOU for listening, buddy! (cc: )
She is awesome. Kyle even likes her. =)
Movie in the Park Saturday night FREE, thanks sponsors, 7:00pm at Fountain Park playing "Megamind" all are invited.
Tonight's Fibber password ($5 tix!) is "Vincent Brown"!
RT : Breaking #INCL news – Legends In Concert to debut on another ship soon!
Scooby Doo is an all-time favorite!
John Denver died on this day in 1997 when his plane crashed into the Pacific Ocean.
The completion of the wedding cake church will put us on the map.
yes. And thats lame!
Finally reading the Harry Potter series!
Prob going to have a fiesta on Cinco de Mayo 😊🎉 haha
I hate sleeping with my retainer on.
iphone... soaked
'Parenthood's' feisty mama Best fight on TV this month? The Pacquiao vs. Marquez PPV boxing match? The dos Santos-Velasquez UFC title mat
Heeellllooooo :) thanks for the hi
Headed to DC with #kettlehill culinary crew...such a nice day to get out of the construction site
#NowPlaying: Smoke and Mirrors by
So what scal find a new job at comcast till next season??
Please take the time to like my page if you find it interesting and informative. Thanks!
thanks fam. Wouldn't mind working with you in the near future
Happy Monday everyone! So, what was your favorite commercial from the Super Bowl yesterday? Give a shout out here.
The only thing I can be perfect at is being me. I will always fall short trying to be something or someone Im not.
haha ! XD it was an awkward moment between us..
Chairing 10 faculty searches at simultaneously. Finding great faculty to teach our students is almost as fun as teaching!
Phil Hughes Y U NO REMEMBER HOW TO PITCH??
where do u play handball in Austin. I have been wanting to play
tonight: recording rap vocals for After Ashley
it's not downloading right on my computer bro ts not letting me download it as an mp3 file bro
Happy birthday ! Wishing you nothing but the best on your day!
Happy Friday to you too!
You remember how quicktime used to have a portal-like home screen. Apple's still keeping that updated.
we'll be back soon! great meeting today - glad we made the trip! cc
Narcissism is an evil that masquerades as good.
State of heavy breathing is to build emotion big enough to act with.
5 more followers than we have 800 !
i don't know, ask flaiz.
Castings tonight. Tomorrow is another day!
Real eggs in our breakfast @ Comfort Inn Portland/Vancouver.Great breakfast to start your morning. Check us out @ www.vancouverwahotel.com
Yes, I did :) ain't I handsome?
Love is just a word until the right person comes along and puts it into action. ♥
NeoNatural features glass art from students at Ball State and Anderson University. Jan21-Mar18. $3
crackers gonna wait
but I really got no kids
i agree Posh, every1 changes when they get married and you adjust/adapt, Tre hates Mel for whatever reason PERIOD
I pass on the title of DJ Dirty Tunes to Exceptional job tonight, sir
Calling all Charger Fans....Expressly Gourmet is now open at 11am on the weekends. Get some food for the Game delivered!
How do you get tickets for the blind auditions in Chicago?
WE ARE #LABELLEMAFIA MORE VIDEOS & && PICS COMING SOON!!
Instead of working on #cataloging homework, I'm inspired to do readers' advisory for my dad using Novelist and Goodreads.
and from what I understand they are wildly successful. Trying to go see them Monday morning. !!!
MiniSolos show tomorrow night! Hope to see you there.
oh, I didn't know you were sick, I'm sorry. I hadn't been on much lately but hadn't seen or heard from you so though I
uploading a new video :D btw thanks for 1,000+ views on my call me maybe cover <33
I'll see for myself after I get you trashed
WTF BE A MAN JEFF WHO YOU WIT RAMS OR DOLPHINS SHIT LET ME KNOW
yea but she don't follow back.
I Think I'ma Start Cooking , Like I'm STARVING.
Everyone wish a happy bday if you get a chance. Great guy!
a character I would love to see get hit by a bus.
yes! Me too!
yes I did! :D
You three and Billy Knight, you'd hope.
Glad you like it! RT : My new favorite sandwich: The General Get into it.
I may or may not tear up everytime I watch The Office episode when Jim proposes to Pam...
please, please, please! I'd be so happy
I find it to be a subset of Murphy's Law that, if a meeting ever conflicts with your schedule and forces you to shuffle other things around
I love a good work out <3
BOYS&GIRLS:Smile you never know whos falling in love with it
your funny.
RT I have found that if you love life, life will love you back
Happy to have found some Gosling Groupies in Let the battle for fan club presidency begin!
text me.
Pizza dough is rising. Regular dough is kickin' it, but the cornmeal dough might be a little dry. We'll see in about an hour...
Was overloaded with things to do this weekend... and a severe need of a rest this afternoon!
Fishers hedge fund mgr Keenan Hauke pleaded guilty to securities fraud today and was sentenced to 121 months in pridon.
What is the best gift for newlyweds?
Good deeds start at home. Be good to your loved ones today. You never know how long you'll have them
Alcohol ads bring me down...makes americans look like cheap dates at best, brainwashed numbskulls at worst, meditation beats BUD folks
She digs winners MT : Told Courtney about CJ to LA. "Meh." Told her about Pujols to LA. "Oh my God. She's learning the great game
Realized it's a full moon... That's why today was off kilter...
hell yea ima lakers fan all da way lakers :D did u spend ur money yet?(:
Breaking News: Possum sighted at Churchill Downs.
i feel like a complete ass
You're welcome
I got my Scentsy starter kit today so I'm all set to go. Anybody want a Scentsy catalog?????
Says he has spoken with victims families and feels for them.
I love you for sending me this. This is Amanda, not Andy. I thought I should clarify ;)
I saw Pajamas and her five buddies from SC this morning. All are wagging tails and seeking attention and looking good.
Summerfest Rock 'n Sole Run presented by BMO Harris Bank is looking forward to a great race on June 23, 2012! We would like to thank our...
#360PR recognized with honorable mention for best small agency to work for at tonight's #SABREawards. Go team!
#3WordsOfAdvice We are all equal and all deserve the same rights.
props to bartolo colon. 8IP.. didnt think he still had it in em
Dinosaurs, construction & the alphabet What more can a little boy want? Bang! Boom! Roar! By Nate Evans
Foggy/rainy day in LA. Looking forward to going through more pictures of my grandfather's life.
that's insane. I would have a bad a$$ bicycle lol
My nite just got better. WAY better. RT : I will be live tweeting the #Oscars!!!
real-time, authentic, personal learning enabled by SM hooks kids of all ages, they want to be "better" for their audience
I am in a #Chipotle coma.
can I marry your book when it comes out?
But once I try to explain something it sounds like crap.
when are you
what school is this?
Thanks BFF!
how u know I got two jobs lol
It's hot as fuck in this apartment
Of course - great video :D
No they don't card
I just Digo-ed all my Pintrest stuff after reading the copyright concerns. Symbaloo seems like a good substitute for visual folks?
Thank you to all of the new followers pushing their web sites, but if I wanted to get laid I would wink at my wife. You are now blocked!!
Thanks for retweeting us !! I <3 Twitter! Your site is awesome PS. Whens the next event? Did u get ridic # Tweets on V-Day?
hey if u don't report me 2 nick I won't let the truth out about who u really are... Vern/vendetta. Coincidence? I think not
I actually make an effort and you don't even care.
well done today!
Every time I am walking towards the ice-cream truck, it drives away. ;_;
Under the Student Services tab, click on Registration. Find the link that says Purchase Textbooks.
Morning, everyone! Happy Mother's Day!
RT: SALE - mark your calendars!!! icont.ac/dzZr I'm excited!
It's cute when someone tells you straight up they like you.
are you looking for new artist if they have the right talent that you are looking for
O M G WEIRD
Haha finally! ": Lady gaga actually looks somewhat human on the new vanity fair cover"
“: he prob had some Js on wit a LV belt”lmao yep!
oh!! Good idea!! What scary movies!? I say..The Crazies and Insidious...those are my favorite. But i might get scurred...o.o
Just updated my Galveston Wholesale Property List- check out now
Okay, found another album on my phone I don't hate. Can't go wrong with Rain Dogs.
Dear Mr. Stern and Mr. Jackson, You guys really need to do something this off-season about the flopping going on in a beautiful sport.
I fed my dog chocolate and he enjoyed it so much, he's been sleeping for three days(: he's so cute I just can't wake him up!!
Damn winter is back in LA tonight! Bbrrrrr!!!
I threw my iPhone off my roof and it smashed into the ground. HEY APPLE! Looks like you need to do some more TESTING on your AIRPLANE MODE
Trying to make a poster while being distracted by Must be part of their evil plan to stop the up + comers.
KSON RADIO CONGRATS Annalee of La Mesa taking the Road to Stagecoach!
BizchangerZ’ provides your very own EXTREME WEB MARKETING MAKEOVER
"Your lactose-intolerant boyfriend will turn into a gas-filled Macy's day balloon."- Penny
good! Until then my love.....
That was not pretty. My racquetball game needs serious work.
Why can't I get a guy my age, but older&younger men fucking love me? (&now married men as well for those keeping tally)
Definitely similar, The tech side is largely solved by OC, govtrack, others; problem is access to raw data.
my brother gets to have all the fun over break. #notcool #bored!!
you cleaning up today?! Wait until Tuesday. Or better yet, wait until after the parade. Who gives a shit if State St. looks bad. It is bad
I fell on sunday nite, but was drinking Jack n Cokes and tripping my face off. Come back to Philly. #PhanProblems smile
Not a bother. Follow back and we'll call it even!
That was a rude thing so say, but I had to. Lol
This toast is so yummy :D
Thanks so much for helping spread the word about this!
my mom berly got home -.-
Check out my new website just www.bloodworthlawfirm.com
Hey were did you get that picture!!!! omg btw can you make me one for harry!@!!
Prediction: Bobby Valentine is not going to last past May
All a part of the growing process, remember he's still young. Let's see how he finishes the year.
Why wont this sharp pain in my stomach go away :(
Like many women my age, I am 28 years old. ~ Mary Schmich
Thank you! RT : Absolutely loving what you do, thanks for the follow.
yes & that makes it even worse, that's like my worst nightmare wrapped into a movie! I cried the whole dang time.
yo I slept all day and I was gonna hit u up tomorrow
I was thinking of toasting seeds and nuts separately, and letting folks garnish...many guests have food issues.
don't leave <l3
Got A Lot on my Mind!!!!
Awww... You In Love Huh?!... In Love With A Hoe... Thats Not Cute...
I still here!
Congrats you handsome devil!
About to go on an adventure. OK. Actually just business meetings. But perspective is everything.
I saw some Irish guys piss on BART between cars and a cop actually walked right past one of them crossing between cars
you're weird
figured he would have shined the way the defense was developing
It was a blast! Planting trees on a beautiful morning, what could be better! Thanks for all you do!
#eli2012 Student Use of DR: well organized, use when T is doing a poor job,full lectures vs. chunks, may value collections over Google.
Pride and opposition to authority are ever closely connected. - Ruth Harvey, The Shelf of Life
thanks! I tried it that's the best way to do it.:-)
bitch yo flat booty cracker ass mad at black people for what? cuz Yo white trash ass wanna be us.
Beautiful tattoo Jaybird! <3
#iReallyHateWhenPeople Say i'm chubby. I'm not, your just a toothpick madame!
This Sunday, the 12:30 Hot class is free for all moms! Happy Mother's Day!
the one and only in this mothafucka
Interesting fact: 64% of consumers have been purchasing more generic brands. Rebranding may be in order for high-end brands!
Its hot as balls in that car !! D:
"Like" this post if our Wednesday night special is your favorite! Yummy manicotti, garlic bread, salad, & small drink for only $7+tax!
": Rollin like a rolling stone" lmao lamest shit I ever heard
You know how to reach me too...dayum...am I going to see you saturday? If not i am OFFICIALLY through with you. YES YES YES
I'm thinking Keegan Bradley could put it together too...but damn it'd be good to see Tiger in the green jacket again
I love all my bows 
#LetsBeHonest if sex weren't so great, people wouldn't put up with half as much bullshit.
Damn. i really wanna watch rio <3 lol
Now off to play some ball and dominate
Finally saw #Kony2012. The book was WAY BETTER!
At least we made it to the playoffs
bout time.
There 6 major reasons for hair loss: Genetic predisposition,Stress and trauma, Nutrition and diet,Health issues, Medications,Enviroments.
Beer is good! FYI for my diet trackers, dinner with that beer was huge grilled veggie platter & 1 hot wing. Gotta Keep the balance! LOL
YO, IM CURIOUS ON GHETTO GIRL IS THAT A SAMPLE OR U ACTUAL HAD SUMONE SINGIN IT? EITHER WAY
the enemies primary deception is to use friends and even spokesmen for God to talk you out of carrying your cross (Mt 16:22-23).
Paging Ms Eskinazi,Paging Ms Eskinazi to the front desk (Peewee Voice) how are ya my friend
Thanks so much! RT Your film will be a great tribute to him. I shot with him 10 years ago in LA, an amazing experience
People should not be allowed to text and walk at the same time, they never watch where they're going.
Talk Is Cheap, Action Is Worth Money
Will do! Thanks for sharing!
you mean doesn't always wear a hat? I assumed they were permenantly attached, like an exoskeleton for his brain.
Done with all work for the semester and starting the new job tonight! Life is good :)
Austria got it for 2015, a mere 130 odd miles from Stuttgart.
well it doesn't look like we are watching the kids Saturday so it doesn't matter anymore!
are you going to be in new york may 10th if so I'll be there :-)
fuck is it windy today
it's fantastic right !!?!?!?!?!?!?!?! I am gonna start reading them again lmao
This was a great documentary RT : Holy crap..Being Elmo is quite literally magical. This review is pretty much going to write itself:)
I love the alien picture. Nice!
Yeah if he Zack and Gasol control the paint it's over for the Clippers.
Who's #1? And why did you choose Adelaide?!
I thought you were starting to grow up. My bad.
what language are you even tweeting???? Monday may need to be breakfast, lunch and dinner!
NO ambition... NO drive... NO hustle... A road to NOwhere!!
Thanks for following lil ole me! ;-)
HAPPY BIRTHDAY
i'm such a bitch.
It's this guy in my class no matter who or what is said he always has a bigger more flexed up storyN the bad thing bout it is that he's old
Sierra College Foundation investing nearly 90K in natural history museum: By Sara Seyydin Journal Staff Writer The Sierra College Fou...
The oldest virgin in history was 105
Im not finna keep following.ppl of dey dnt follow me fuck
Just watched Conan O'Brien Can't Stop Documentary and it was awesome! A must see for everyone! is hilarious!!
"BEST TWIT-LIPZ" contest still goin on i guess. hit up myself or for mas info. (via )
when you u be sending email or evo point cards to those who earned them?
Will be interesting story. Interesting to think about Haiti's progress v. Japan's quake. So many differences, similarities.
I love the way Justin sings 'Come Home to Me'
hey Frank, when is Shape going to available digitally? Looks great by the way! Can't wait.
lol shut up
I'd be happy to join!!
Pete give us the stats on #RedSox wins when leading after 7?
Anyone up for a brewery tour in Baltimore on Saturday, at 12:30pm? Also thinking about visiting after.
Girl W/The Dragon Tattoo needs to speed her plotline up and get rid of that dykey gutterpunk SIA wig. Like right now.
You are wonderful niall !!! Cant wait till you guys come to illinois in june xD
hahaha that made me laugh
I'm in the merch staff and got to enjoy the show a bit on Saturday! Absolutely incredible!! Looking forward to an amazing run!
Feeling SUPER tired today. It's like regular tired except in case I pass out I've tied a blanket around my neck like a cape.
txt mi
With confidence, you have won before you have started.
We all are on the journey together on space ship earth, so all us human beings should live in friendship like one big family.
Ok. I'm just chilling waiting for you. Otherwise, I'm headed home :) It's five pm!
i love you soo much dont let anyone bring you down u are soo pretty and talented thank you so much u inspire me<<<<33333
RT : Teaparty forces Sen. Hatch into primary contest. Hatch is no moderate so another example of Republican...
you're amazing! Thanks for all you do!
I am so excited for this weekend with my best friends
Is this the same Jamie Dimon who said newspaper reporters are overpaid?
not a good bad...he drinks. Or he says. And lies all the time. And I can't do that SHIZNIT
RT : Those Who Request Your Time...Have Asked You For Your Greatest Investment. What Is Your Return?
Then stop talking to her instead of complaining.
Yes!!!! Finally! Thank you Happy Madison productions and Sony! this is amazing :) love you shane <3 keep it up! =D
Working on three Acoustic Rooster Parent/Teacher Video Guides with music, video, and cool information. And it'll be free.
Hate to see bp go but what coach wouldn't wanna take a top 5 team? We'll survive. WPS!!!
Since you're young and innocent, I'll be kind.
sleeping on it. maybe that will help?
i like how u aint text me back
Getting ready to Lauch RichmondNightOut.com in the next few weeks. It will be THE place to find everything happening in RIchmond Tonight!!
To the 18,000+ visitors and 500+ volunteers at our annual booksale: thx for supporting reading and your public library! See you next year!
absolutely... my wife (NYC Gal) used it with my 70 year old Mum when we got married... trying not to say ASS...
Is Jordan Crawford injured or did Wittman just bury him on the bench?
Having Tracy ride in the cash cab = pure genius. I think last night was one of my favorite episodes!
I don't think you'll see this but is there going to be meet and greet tickets for the Sacramento show at the state fair
Rocking the SoCap tip
How much is your raw honey by the jar? Let us know. We're writing a spotlight piece about your business!
Radelet: "The rise of new technologies has made Africa connected to political, community, and economic sectors."
I could die right now For something beautiful to take me somewhere else
Come on in for $2 Railbender Drafts, John's homemade Mexican Chocolate Ice Cream, and more. Live music after 8:30. Bring your guitar.
what's wrong with it?
Re: all the Brits/Aussies playing Americans with dubious accents: it's revenge for all the bad UK accents we gave them in the 80s & 90s.
when the Browns trade down almost every year.
Jazz at the Bistro is 3536 Washington Ave, 63103. Our office is the block behind at 3547 Olive St, Suite 260
Mr. Galactic Fantastic LOL
nothing home
media and my fellow knicks fans r both making me sick. Let's see once ur back in rhythm, dominating what everyone says then
Canal Club tonight for #LocalXposure!! go on at 9:50pm! FREE!! BEE THERE!!
I have the perfect playlist to listen to while getting ready in the morning 👌
The Place did not see "The CUP" but Josh Beckett, Clay Bucholz and John Lackey rolled in with a crew for latenite pizza - 8 pizzas in VIP!
HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY!
There are many ways to win a game. The best one is to score more points than the other team.
Bo Ryan basketball man
it's bittersweet. Thanks for 4 great years and even better memories
A HUGE thank you to Courtney Mick for her consistent donation of time, resources & advocating to tell others about the foster crisis in OK!
I'm gonna rearrange shit and make your job harder
Hmm living like the townies tonight for my momma's birthday... Legends it is!
I have learned 2 use the word impossible with the greatest caution. ~ Wernher von Braun
Sonic: delicious and on every corner in the south
mandated overtime!!! Hahaha
Quite a thought about Peter and the modern church.
Want the new album! Yay! XP So Excited! Lmao!!
#oomf don't have to trip about anything I got this <3 deserve better.
I feel ye on that one boyle
Just came from the #beach . So tired. No heading to ma' granny's.
you gotta come to our road show April 4th!!
Just munched a 'Red heart' road goodie worth 3 points!
Thanks for the RT.
What's amazing and funny and beautiful all over? !!
I want my first now!
Having a lazy Saturday playing on the puter
walked on a leash today
my trainer just told me to eat bacon. I knew I made the right decision when I hired him.
Follow me on gifboom; !!
You can't start the next chapter of your life if you keep reading the last one
Gov. Scott Walker thanks GOP faithful for their prayers, says "that just means the world to us."
good meeting you my man!! and thanks for puttin me on the mixtape!
not unless you call being grounded a party, cause if you do it's a party of one and I'm the host -_-
IF THIS VIDEO UPSETS YOU, retweet it. Maybe we can stop this from happening to someone else.
Laying in the shower about to nap.....thanks ;)
Just another manic Monday.
doing homework -_-
Try skirt steak with watercress and chilies
great...will not be rooting for He wont be on my fantasy team
Sad but true! Love you guys
Thank you, sweetie!! <3
RT : Living sustainably isn't only about what you use, but what you fail to use.
www.worldchampionfans.com grab ur banner TODAY to receive it by Opening Game Day! ;) or call us for details 888-2121
a steady rain, not too hard yet.
Thanks, new followers:
I dont talk to you often lately but its always nice to read your tweets and know you are there ;)
I hate shopping. :D
RT : If the way you're touching your customers isn't working, let touch them in ways that DO work. So to speak....
I need that Facebook DCF on my desk stat.
what do you mean what is this world coming to? Homosexuality has always existed along side heterosexuality.
your welcome! Haha and they are good dancers. But ICONic BOYZ are GRAND dancers Juss Sayn:)
EXCELLENT point(s)! :) RT : It supports diversity & nurtures entreprenuership
GIVE ME A SIGNAL THAT YOU LOVE US. #MahomiesAreFamily #BigFamily <3. 17
khloe kardashian isnt fat. first tweet in months and this is what's on my mind.
start my class on Emile w/ "has your education hurt you? how?"
Parents can help ADD kids with homework by asking teachers what their expectations are and helping kids meet them.
Lol...good choice
whoa that ending snuck up out of nowhere #screenwriting Revisions tomorrow and then entering a #screenplay contest! =]
I'm getting more upset with ever text
Shout me out mothafuckkas!? please(:
By the numbers: 40 days to 40th, 40 workouts left for the 200 in 200 goal, 160 days post bad habit, 500+ miles, 3rd pair of shoes...
haha thank you(; woof
lol. this bitch. im having like a friggen giggle fit over here.
Q: What do the Mafia and a pussy have in common? A: One slip of the tongue, and you're in deep shit.
Researching ways to decrease the bounce rate of the website I manage. #1 suggestion: Good web layout and design.
How are your spring workouts going?
Big SACTO event tonight! 11 of the 15 Sierra Vintners wineries will be sharing their wines w/ the 700+ audience at the new airport terminal!
Just played a solid 9 holes... so much for a lazy Sunday... there are some good movies on tonight though, so, lazy night.
Smokin some good ol christmas trees
same to u thank for follow me too god bless u
Why are people unfollowing me?!?!
Don't go wrong : some people come in your life as BLESSINGS, others come in your life as LESSONS & other as PROBLEMS [B. Papper]
Happy Halloween!
thank you follow us for updates on when its coming back your way!
Maybe set up a password file with fake answers to the questions? Could be fun generating a wild/weird fake persona…
Fantastic idea, guys. VA House approves bill to repeal one gun a month law bit.ly/yl52ej
Just tapped Odin Thor Equinox Belgium Strong Ale.
Girls Night Out is only 1 week away on Oct 19th...Celebrating women owned businesses
Jessica mad cus she not gettin love!
More AIG bashing please ...
Well to those who think these things are pre recorded. Heres your proof.
"We'll be phasing out all free Ning Networks." <---Just received- Ning network announcement <--social networking about to be put to the test
Got my Vlados today !!
Good morning! How is your day going so far?
& if i die before i wake, i pray to God my soul to take.
Halloween weekend!
Get me outta here
I Love Her Beyond WORDS !
Perhaps that's the cause of their daily stat on new users? ;)
The second one.
Fun fact from : Puma and Adidas were started by brothers.
I need to try a different kind anyways
yep. We are. Jud is speaking tomorrow afternoon and both of us wed morn. You going at some point?
Gym visit happened...feel pretty good about it...less sore now. Also positive...have lost 12 pounds since early February.
If an actual bombshell who tweets brilliantly follows me, I'll probably block her reflexively...
Hey ain't already called "The Big Aristotle?"
Totally got 3rd place in a 3r on Lock today, can u say 335 dollars?
Many prayers to the Ohio shooting victims, families and all those involved
Bizarre! Looking for funding for mfg startup. To manufacture in USA. USA investors all saying they want to do mfg in China rather than US.
On the bus going to North Ave. beach for a cold, wet evening of volleyball. You won't hear me complain.
Thursday poetry is off the hook!! :P #TongueThursday :P
- thanks for the follow Byron!
Peace to all and to all a g'nite... :)
Colored Paper
Now a group of women perform a play about domestic violence.
Saw you were also a fan of I just found out they're coming this Friday. Thought I might go say hello. Interested?
Ashley's doesn't brew their own, but they carry a large selection on-tap, fwiw.
Also like when everyone says snopocalypse, and nothing happens.
Starting my week out right with some peach cobbler homemade by
At work. . . Can't wait till tonight :)
Its 11pm, do u know where your pants are
I'm reading The Skeptic, Terry Teachout's bio of Mencken. Worth a read, but Mencken undoubtedly tells his own story better.
I bet you shower naked. You slut ;) :P :D HAHA
site down -- server got crashed! relaunching
how did your golf game go?
Just saw a sweet routine from on ! Cant wait to see it in a few weeks with !
yea but can u kiss a guy thats 5ft 11in
Make you voice heard. nosocialsecuritycuts.com. Sign the resolution
good luck! You'll do well!
#oomfNeedsTo start making time for me before its too late.
RT : Dumb ppl who take shit too far <<<<<
Counting down the hours until the LAST ROMANOV launches !! I am so EXCITED! See you at 7pm! Dora Levy Mossanen
I feel ya!
Thanks tweet buddies ,,,,,,
I Only have too dreams 1)To meet chris brown 2)for him to tweet me back or follow me
Loaders always look like loaders
happy twi-birthday! It really is pretty amazing. I () will be at 4 years in December.
It's awesome how happy you are about coasting through school by cheating
Im just trynna be happy and successful in life. simple as that
Humor can alter any situation and help us cope at the very instant we are laughing
So today i received to shocking yet exciting news..
Finally off work getting brakes fixed on my car *tired wants to take a nap*
My Damn Head Is Pounding Ugh
haha okay and I did pretty good on my interview didn't I? Hahah
e-mail me and I will e-mail you information on my sandless sandbags. They are new to the U.S. and widely used in Europe.
had I seen it I would have ripped it to pieces and urinated on the remains
MTV Movie Awards Mania Kicks Off With Sneak Peek Week
You're going to Grant's concert right?
"The only man who has freedom, is he who has victory in death." ~ Elisha Hale
u should follow
Should you have higher standards for yourself than you do yourself? Or the same standards?
hell yes!
I know you are but what am I?
It's horrible that Ryan Dunn died:( RIP
Clippers advance past round 1 what a great day for the organization. I want OKC to beat the Lakers but imagining LAL vs LAC is so fun
"Communication Rules the Nation" I can't stand those who don't understand it's value.
:) still love to watch him play watched him since his freshmen year.
Downie would hit it!! RT “: enter my body” hahaha let's try to keep this PG please and thanks"
Have a great week and Christmas celebration with your great family...thank you for your hard work and inspiration!
"I am a DIVA" chanting to my self, LOL.
Get on my level...cause u basic
you should follow me I support team Tyrrell ;)
i'll be here al night
will you be showing UFC tonight in the poker room (high limit area)?
Send me al the Vicals I'll master Em for you bro
seriously! Is there a reason for the #purpletie? Seen them on too!
well, you can thank idiot voters who refuse to pony up even a fraction of a percent for new taxes to pay for things like education.
quit being so #hot god damnit! That is unless you move to #Milwaukee or # Chicago haha. #haveagoodnight :)
"Kindness is more important than wisdom, and the recognition of this is the beginning of wisdom." - Theodore Isaac Rubin
Including a Twitpic of a sad baby.
"I VOLUNTEER A TRIBUTE" to be the brunette you hit on next (;
I'm done trying to produce for you. I've chosen the wrong apprentices.
Thanks! The contest is so much fun for us :)
Thank you for filling the house on Christmas Eve at Yoshi's San Francisco. Sending much love to you all.
I am sorry for the troubles you are having. I am not currently showing server-based issues. ^CS
space shuttle launches never cease to amaze me. after about only a minute - 4000 mph, 55 miles in altitude
#NW once upon a time :O the season finale is getting soo good!!!!
Ok.. WTF is this new followers page?!
RT : Celebrate National Library Week w/ me as I tweet about my job as part of FLA Virtual Job Sharing -
Locating various cords and adapters. Syncing, charging, and updating all the things. Wasn't technology supposed to make life simpler? :-S
Someone needs to text me the answers tomorrow!!! ;D
Sabres Vs Flyers almost ready to start.... I will try to keep you updated as much as possible.
everytime I seen you you always had a serious face lol
Insane Clown Posses always search for apartments on domu. Didn't you know?
So the general consensus is that Donald Trump is a twat right?
Our office celebrated Administrative Professionals Day yesterday - looking forward to meeting with the backbone of our team this pm!
was wondering where you've been all day!
I want some breakfast
surgery tomorrow
at 651pm i start cpr what i find out did come in hand but the good god take her but in the 29 yr i know the best mother in law ever was
Dads can be dicks seriously.
nope, I'm still gross & sick. But thanks for asking :)
I feel so lazy every single day. Just been sleeping
yeah add me jerry77wayne
RT La Lupe had the voice of a goddess but her soul was bitter... Eye squinting bitter
I bet they ain't said nothing!
Stronger than I look. Still not very strong.
Clouds?! What clouds?? Clear and sunny!! We in #Miami B%&@$!!!
Can't beat Betty White! Love it!
so I smell like laundry.
Steelers fans, you would be nice to if he comes with me to Steelers/ravens in pgh, right? Even ravens fans should exp renegade
Happy April or january or, whatever.
thanks guys!! ;o)
Thanks for RT, Aaron. Probably won't do anything tomorrow. I'm off work. :)
Here at the Schnitz it's halftime... Looking at the stage wishing was gonna bust out her moves with Nat Cole
Hey, in some states tobacco is a vegetable! Just trying to help.
lol...well i was i taught anything of that nature shud be taken softly
Loved the internet safety class today
In 1 hour I will be waiting behind the start line to gone go off for 10K race, yeaks!!
I feel ya bro
DUMBASS TURNOVERS.. COME ON DUDE.. YOU AINT IN HIGHSCHOOL
omg & cracked me up on last nights #SNL show!! #LMFAO #LOL #YES but YOU'RE NOT FUNNY!!!
Un fucking believable!!!
I don't get how people are afraid of clowns
Can't fight against the youth.
So the cute guy from another school can't make it to my graduation :/ i'm glad he wanted to come(: hopefully me n him hit up the gay bars xD
RT : Satan is NOT creative. he attacks your same weaknesses. Stop letting him defeat you!
Happy Friday everyone
A lot of this feels like we are NOT making the SME a team member.
why CAN'T you follow me
On the calendar! Happy holidays back.
“I'm not a vegetarian! I'm a dessertarian!” ― Bill Watterson
Pews are full here at IA and elsewhere, too. Glad my Simmons colleagues are joining in virtually!
They will love having you back - and of course, having your help. My favorite student puts on her hood next week....sniffle.
Currently listening to: Kliff talking about Tolkien lit. Next stop--truck stop.
I texted you
You're off the charts! How's life? Mining program going good? Softball coming up? fill me in
:) I am really trying not to do it. Cooking a pound cake equals EATING at least two slices of pound cake.
Do I win a prize?
Sleep sleep sleep sleep sleep. Someone come play with my hair now. 👍😌💤
the flesh and my own desires to seek obedience and hear His desires :) nothing more worth that!
Thanks foxy! You're sweet.
Hohohohoho!!!! Evil #EnglishTeacher laugh. Using Facebook to create a group story. Each person adding a line. I tricked them all!!! Mwahaha!
I bet on Teetotaler to win.
Practicing my script.... why is tryin to change his lines?
i thought it was going to but it didnt! i was like waiting for it to hurt but it never did, even when he colored it in!
I still think the muppets would have rocked as hosts
I miss and love you too!!(: Mann, y'all blew upp my phone!!(:
I'm doing the same. Make sure to have something good to snack on ;) RT: Time to get grading! I'll be here all weekend...
It's Friday! What are your plans for the weekend?
Metta World Peace returns Ga,e 7.
i know right.(:
M drunk... ruining diet and crave ice cream. 7/11 seems so far away. The bed in the next room seems so far away.
i'ma take what's minee & you can't stop me
#OutOfUrMind if you are not watching this episode
Is it true that Rick Perry is dropping out of the race, and now support Gingrich? Good or Bad for the GOP?
