Shut your face - Cline Eastwood narrates a Dodge commercial?
The costliest words you'll ever utter are the excuses you use for not doing the things you know deed to be done.
I heard a song called The Ping Pong song the other day. The more you know
most likely taking a personal day tomorrow,
How's about Friday? I'm off so no time constraints for me
This!! (thanks ;) >RT : Everyone should order some TODAY! They are so god! .
smith and Bybee Lake
Suggestions for our new Dance group of the Week? Please, reply!
Looking for a new hang-out? We’ll squeeze you in at the bar. Barrel 44 Whiskey Bar, 1120 N. High, Columbus
Fans will cease to exist. Measure of celebrity will be the count of trolls + extra points for "gotcha" monitors.
Guess whose goin to work for casting " TREME ". :)
so far lol!!!
That definitely helps.
True Recessionistas have probably already heard but for those who haven't...you can shop TAX FREE @ 900 North Michigan this weekend!! YEAY!
Hm getting treated by these Dunwoody niggaz..
Choices so far for new and improved Twitter handle = postmarchivist (for my <3 of postmodern theory) or icanlift40lbs. Suggestions welcomed.
Quick Poll: what do you like better for breakfast, a protein shake or a protein bar?
I want to see his transcript and his birth certificate....
Looking white when your not <<< -_-
I did! :) Can I vote more than once?
Welcome Kyyanite ✡ Official Video ✡ PSYKIC ANIMALS RESTLESS EARTH!!!
Jason, I randomly met in San Francisco a few years ago. At a bar. Small world we live in.
Normal is an illusion. What is normal for the spider is chaos for the fly. — Morticia Addams
do yourself and the world a favor just kill yourself you crybaby douchebag
You did NOT deserve to be voted off. you are my favorite on american idol. i will be buying your album<3 well miss yu :*
hey I am a songwriter can I send you a couple records
agree. but since then at least they got play out of traylor... alexander did absolutely nothing & neither is salmons. 8th pick wasted
There was a nice bench in front of it that looked lonely.
I went to read about it but it reads for florida
Closing session at #TribeFest - speakers who were moved and then made moves to change lives. There's a message for us: take action!
Last Computer Repair in Pittsburgh: Data Recovery from External Western Digital Passport Drive
:) Thank you for your support,♥you are very sweet I love you ¡¡STAY STRONG!!
He said something about being able to harness the power of the sun and ripping open the space time continuum or something like that.
It looks like ESPN has a personal Cam cam
Who's doing the #socialmadness?
Agreed. Wish I could be there to check it out!
Thank you homie! RT : happy birthday to the homie
thanks bro, once I get this thing out the way me you, Z, and Naty can chill again
Why aren't you going to Ireland? What happened? :(
Text marketing is a user driven marketing strategy. This ensures that businesses can directly reach their targeted audience.
...accidentally drop it and now there's these weird-moving-lines showing inside the screen :/
Belmont down 1 with 50 seconds left what a game!!!!!
Anybody remember the "Buggs Bunny & Road Runner Show?"
Ha! Consistency? Not likely...it's just a hoot to look up a little historical dirt on Mr. Moral Compass.
Locking eyes with the only other girl in the mosh-pit.
Loving this new phone.
You have to think anyway, so why not think big?
her music is an experience na in itself tbh and it's good that she's not trying to impress other people thru quirky videos tbh
We are not defined by our appetites. We are defined by our choices.
#Modernfamily #desperatehousewives #homeland #howtomakeitinamerica finally new shows and new seasons!!
the hurt is here to stay
Had one of your delicious green juice recipes this morning and I am in love! Feeling so good!!
Lake Park Bistro chef's table tonight. NY Strip w/bone marrow & 5 desserts for 3 people. Simply awesome, can't wait to be back.
Ship it. Cheaper than new suitcase and airline fees...
just spoke with John Eric at the office- so nice, so helpful. I just love calling them, they're all so wonderful!
Where is it at? I hate them!
Baltimore --> Tampa.
Social Venture Volunteering add social value to your resume and help aspiring young entrepreneurs for more info
"I have always loved Wynonna's singing so this is a high compliment." N
Change what you're DOING; life will change.
Savings Tip -Air-dry dishes instead of using the dishwasher's drying cycle
Hey what's up? Everything all good. Just waitin on some things to fall into place. I hate feelin like Im at a standstill tho
Commercials in Spanish..
I can't wait til every new movie title is based on a hardcore band name!
How come when stuff like 10 things I hate about you are trending people only put 1 thing they hate?
It takes no effort to love. The state has its own innate joy.
Hi there school was bummy with out you meatball
wild phlox is So Beautiful! Love the color.
my point is, we should hang out:)
Cool new tool from for keeping track of your research & ideas
Just wanted to let you know I just got on TFLN
oh okay! That was a great film! Nice job man! Good performances!
yes! You can't leave without us not going to a concert #nothappening #gottagobeforemexico #summer2012 :D ♥
Rainy Friday night at the Harrod-Tuthill house... y'all know that means a wine and cheese pajama party is about to be had!
Thank you for the FF recommendation! :)
congrats sir. looking forward to what's next
We have been waiting for this game for weeks. We love Colorado State at -3.5 to down the Falcons of Air Force today at 6:30 PM EST. $$$$$
it says it should but it might not. I want to but it's $30
Dang ? RT WI lawmakers declared Jan 26 Bob Uecker day. But, for it to pass Uecker must denounce players union.
I know <3 mr Locke is actually the best
New twitter name! Lol my friends we're talking about me an gave it to me :D lol so yup out with an in with this one lol
It's National Garlic Day, in case you were looking for a reason to go extra garlicly with any of your meals today.
Not nearly enough Cage for my $10.
okay thanks :)
0% a more achievable goal for Congress than 100% approval.
all i want for christmas is 1,000 followers #keepitup :) ♥
Trina went in on the minute man song... She said Hell naw to please me you gotta sleep in it.. haha
Second, I spent most of the entire movie wishing that the idiot who taped the attack would just die already! LOL!
oh glorious chorus. :) i love it when a melody like this shows up.
What games do you play?
Everyone always needs that one friend to run texts by before sending to filter out the fact that we're all secretly raging psychos.
Congrats to Paul Pierce on passing Larry Bird to become 2nd on the #Celtics all-time scoring list!!!
aww I'll miss you guys!!! Maybe since your grandparents have skype now, we can video chat
Amazon's entire US east coast network just went down, taking us with it. We'll update here when we know more.
Im Cleva when I bust a rhyme....
RIP Whitney Houston. Only 48, she had a good but rough life. I'm guessing OD or suicide.
Yes! I met Ann; very excellent person who spoke extremely well of you. Next time I'm in NYC would love to meet up.
Tight work, slight work.
you will be a twitter maven now!
Carrot juice, banana, cocoa powder, & cacoa nibs taste just like a chocolate smoothie. I promise.
And that's when it sets in, were all just fucking human beings, stay humble.
Back in #Boston! Good to be home. Heading to Chicago for Show on Friday
Just watched Almost Famous - "you'll meet them again on their long journey to the middle." - thank you - one of my top 5 faves
Looking good! We had a great time working on the project!
ESPN refers to Utoff as a "star" player trying to transfer out....get it together. Ryan and UW committed to this kid, deal with it kid.
Do you know of any houses or cabins to rent in the Seattle area that could easily sleep 10-12 people?
no Irish accents? I see how it is :p
Just worked #MorningEdition on True life: Am I a morning person?
Like flop happened... and producer in truck was like "HURRY GET THE CAMERA ON STERN"
Likewise! RT : Thank you so much for the mentions this week
BURN. I guess has 5 more days to let it grow before everyone sees the glory!
You say fuck the world? We say fuck you.
It's not weird that the picture I took with and Is my lock screen wallpaper . ^-^
reports that Mayfield school levy now ahead by 232 votes, with 19 of 29 precincts counted
Can Yu Say Boom Boom Room Lol
Adobe Premiere 5.5.2 once again multiple failures upon output. awesome.
At Public Assembly in Brooklyn. Pitchfork TV is in the house!
i dont haha - i was confused
I know. It's large! We're gonna need a moving truck. Lots of good stuff here :)
Matt Flynn expected to visit Dolphins tomorrow
His grace is why I'm living....My God..
no i missd it!!! damn it!
Apparently singing "I love my cold medicine" during commercials means you've exceeded the recommended daily dose
The Nielsen Co reported that, on average, the global consumer spends about 1 in every 4.5 minutes online on blogs/social networking sites.
Loeb giving Yahoo! CEO third degree
Summer, y u no come faster?
Oh well, the difference is stunning.
Back in #LexVegas for the afternoon...Beautiful Day!!!
Good overview of Sencha at earlier tonight by of
I told how i tried to flip off the trampoline & fell & started laughing.
*blinks while doing a backflip* Now what?!?!?!?! JKKKK. I would never backflip to you!
I hear ya. We're starting on monday. Whenever you have a chance, that would be awesome
Good stuff, and good luck!
Awesome game !!! Awesome to watch !
Hi hey, what concept do you love?
GONNA WATCH CUPCAKE WARS 2 NIGHT!! <3 VIP PASTRY SHOES PARTY:) with
hope to see it before the closing!
Yep I was thinking that he prob did. He seems so busy now or he'll hit me up late. Oh well, I'll let it be.
I heart too! What are the different reasons, m? Love 2 Lil Red Hens & Baked, AND love Bird Bath's scones
current of course!
Movies are the only escape from the drudgery of work and family... No offense. - Homer Simpson
assuming the broncos can rid themselves of Tebow, looks like you and I share yet another favorite team
Back to the studio July 5th to work on the EP =)
When ever the crowl out of their projects , they never supervise any of their 10 kids
Today is a website writing kind of day
“: If the Celtics accidentally make it to the Finals, I will throw 4 little mini parties/gatherings to watch them get swept.”
Super excited to learn about the version of a Blog Barn Raising and share it on
yep, bots pretty much program to respond to apple keywords. The other is fishing attempts like crazy with links.
no problem
I freaking love that song
Some of the things people tweet at me make me think I'm tripping balls. Seriously weird stuff, guys.
My 3 yr old just told me "you're the best girl ever." Now if he'll just believe that forever.
Hello. Yes it was me. It was a while ago, though - what did you have in mind? I should still have the script somewhere.
That's for sure!!!
#mycarissounreliable I try and find ways not to drive it
girl, if i were the one hacking him, i would say stuff like "RVillanuevaLove IS SO SEXY, YEAH SHES MY GF<3"
Apr is Volunteer Appreciation Month! THANKS to all that have helped grow the MKE affiliate! We will WIN the fight against pancreatic cancer
I am in a place san fran. that I thought I would never see this proves that wishes do come true it's time to take it to the stage!!
#ThisChristmas I'm please to say, We Won a Judgment of Over $1 Million for our Client! :-)
Today I shipped an accordion. The clerk asked if the package contained any hazardous materials. I had to think about that.
Chillin in health 🏥class with with my mohhazz!!! 👳
tell dave to leave my bby alone. ~
i should come with a "hazard: klutz" sign.
If they wanna be with me or not.. :(
To the jerk parked in front of my apartment bldg blaring calypso music out of your car... Either turn that crap off, or bring me a Margarita
Fuck a liar.
Hey Boss Lady, we would love to feature you in our new women's mag!!! ForLadiesWhoRunTheWorld!
I am going to have to not look at twitter during day games, my MLB App has a slight delay.
Payroll software ezPaycheck helps streamline business accounting. And the new 2012 version was customized for restaurants with features t
hi! starting discussions here about uses of academic twitter. mindmeld with & soon?
Jimmy's Red Hots, established in 1954, is now featured as a vintage restaurant on the domu #Chicago History Map!...
BUT THEY ARE!
Quick glance at the stats! Haywood with 5 rebounds...
Follow Back BlackShadeMafia
Okay.....+ What ever = fuck you
I just understood that :) I'm so proud of myself.
YAYYYYY IT'S ST. PATRICK'S DAY. WOO.
hope your little one feels better soon.
Big announcements coming this week!
Looks Great!
its just what i needed (:
It's your loss
Sending good presentation vibes in the direction of my dept-mates who are presenting today
It's great to see this comic is still around :3 Nice page!
Catch the dang ball first basemen! Bring back Barmes.
Being lonely could be the worst feeling.
#twitterpeopleIlove Miley, Demi, Justin (no homo, fan of the musik), Selena, Drake, Wayne, Jason Derulo, etc...
Using Google Docs at 12noon is cancelled...bummer!
I wonder who is the longest couple t that's been together :) Will & Jada?? Anyone knows???
I have run both marathons. How much fun they were.
How's my fav twitter yak? ===> I am now. I need a lot of help there.
Ur like Nick at Night cuz I want around 4 ever like a re-run
Happy Mother's Day to all my fellow mommies out there. Special shout out to all the SPs back at Job Corps!
NO! OH NO! I'm so sorry, Dave.
How exciting, little lady! Have an awesome time enjoying your new crib (as it were). :)
Burning the midnight oil.
RT : Today is finally here! A couple of hours till Art Walk at the !
What movie to watch lateeeerrr ~
wondering, is #SeanPayton breaking things right about now??
i want to put that picture of you on hurrr
I often think clowns will try to eat me. :(
um idk let's think of something ?
Because they're usually wearing skirts and high-heels, the dummies!
Mosquitos (the slow, guileless, springtime brood) also inspect me, move in closer as they identify a potential blood donor.
Seriously? Some people just need to grow up.....TheEnd!
Gm!! We are almost there.....The weekend!!! Woohoo! Have a great day!!
read the books
Hi Ryan. noted that we should touch base. Lauren and I are helping to run a writing center this year.
hey how is everything.
Don't worry, I never get that far.
you HAVE TO follow !
New bassnectar coming up!
Wisconsin woman held in dog-napping at DMV office
An #Expos cap & a #RedSox jersey? Really? Boston has some interesting fashion in the stands.
Sometimes on our planet, weather occurs.
Sat. Happy Hour 2-7pm, Live music kicking off at 7:30pm, and enjoy a great Chard, Malbec, and Cab on the Wine tasting.
If the Catholic church wants to protect marriage. They should fight to outlaw divorce.
: I'm reminded of the Elvis Costello song "Angels Wanna Wear My Red Shoes". Also gives new meaning to peep toe shoes
prayers for a safe flight!
Been getting money lately ...
I ain't gotta say names you kno who you are just another bitch
SHUT THE FUCK UP no one cares my god
If I have a company Amex card with Delta Skymiles, does the company get my Skymiles or do I?
Ha! Touche. Pretty chill God who would grant that prayer. RT maybe that's what someone else was praying would happen.
Book your event with by Jan 31st & save $100!!!
I am going to destroy the next person who treats me like I am fragile.
- Was Gone Cook Breakfast , But I'm Too Tired .
#ImaBelieberBecause...do you expect me to explain in under 140 characters?
I hate mosquitos :'(
because sucks
I need a pedicure so bad!
who gives a fucc what she said JUST DO IT NIGGAH!!!!!
Have a wonderful Saint Patrick's Day!
Tuck your damn jersey in Bynum.
“: maybe that's why I don't even remember if be kissed me or not..i was probably hypnotized” LMAO. I feel yaa
True. Btw I'm thinking of going to Joint Conf of Librarians of Color. From what I see, at least they have interesting panels.
maybe we need a face-to-facial meeting?
“: S/o to my newest follower! She's gonna be famous someday!” Don't think so Mikie but thanks for the s/o. ;)
HAPPY BIRTHDAY
Ha! I'm sure you'll think of something to tweet about. See ya next week!
Just let me know time wise im there
I know people that can help
What music/art-related events are going on this weekend?
Having skirt stake with heart of palm sauce!
Lost sleep costs the average American worker 11.3 days, or $2,280, in lost productivity yearly. Cost to the nation: $63.2 billion.
i am going to rip my eyes out oh my god too much homework literally 180 questions
These photo a day may are getting more difficult. I don't think I have a favorite word
They called me and ask if I really wanted French (which I didn't) I wanted fat free ranch. Good looks buths!
yup! for sure
Thank you Terri, for listening and for been here! Wishing you a fabulous day!
Q: what are you going to do to help people overcome addiction in our communities?
Live online broadcast isn't working
Just finished the new St. Ignatius College Prep Choirs Face book page. Become a member and get up to date information about SI choirs!
The Kardashian Family Hits Vegas to Unveil Khaos Store (PHOTOS) It was a Kardashian event of epic proportions … and no, it wasn ’t th
I'm That Loyal Chick, That Ride Or Die Chick, That Go Get It By Any Means Chick... You Don't Know What I'm Talking Bout! Ha! #OnANewLevel!!
internal failure last night, Sony equivalent of the Red ring of Death. Only 3 months old. Can't even get thru to service.
Happy teachers day!!!
Best sightings in the media center so far, Shannon Sharpe and Kurt Warner.
Always a pleasure!
You say you don't want to lose me but you're the one pushing me away, I just don't get it.
I remember you on the local FOX in PGH while I (& ) was at Pitt.
Seriously? Is it mobile?
With 2 of America's biggest sports locked out, what will fill the void?
When He Got His Twitter Back Thats When I Ask!
Someone....come chill.
That last tweet was inadvertant.
nice day but won't be enjoying it!
that picture is awesome.
loving the remixes
Yeah. I saw that stat in conjunction with a screenshot of re-tweets from people asking the same Q: "who is osama"
"The world of the generous gets larger and larger; the world of the stingy gets smaller and smaller" - Proverbs 11:24
haha ikr we stayed in her class
Dancing Sarno always makes for good video.
Would like to thank for getting to profess his love to me on paper. Still freaking out. <3 xx
Freaking the fuck out !!
., who's headed to Madison? RT: Welcome back, Badgers! Which alumni traveled the farthest for
happy Monday and back at you!
Laying in bed flipping back and forth b/w the SDSU baseball game & the Lakers game ⚾🏀
Rainy Day..starting Private Empire
Groundhog Day: Evidence that weather men still haven't convinced people that they know what they're talking about.
Swinburning Down the House.
can't wait 2 c u dance again.. Good luck.... Is ur mom gonna b their 2 c u dance again?
Im only perfect when Im myself<3
Texas about to take this
Sending "Legs Get Led Astray" to you, first thing tomorrow!
help me get 100+ followers Plz
Dear whoever is reading this, you're beautiful & someone out there is crazy about you. Life's too short to not use your smile.
girl i couldve bet it was!!!hahahah i was bout to sayy dang Jackyy totally changeging in a positive waayy!!!
Thanks for follow, following back!Home of the #2DayLatteFast!
iDont Cuff For A Season , iCuff For A Reason <3
aw Joey ☺ ilytoo! Let's go to lunch again with & I'll make you both brownies! Imy guys 😢
Peace sis. Been a fan since I heard you. Stay on.
oooohweee! There she is! Mane I've been lookin for you!
Howard might be right about the hip injury. Could just be playing hurt. We'll find out when see list of off-season surgeries.
summer supper: roasted corn,baby squash, asparagus, bell pepper, mushrooms on arugula w/sliced tomato, new potatoes drizzled w/olive oil.
Thanks so much! I love Italian. And Harrah's is just up 291, right? I'll look.
Entrepreneur Stars is having a contest to give away $5,000 to up to 20 businesses!! Possible story? We think so!! :)
Congratulations to NY!! Well done!
are you in Seattle?!?!
I keep thinking how education is called a new market. Just think the industry spin-offs testing has spawned.
#resolution : don't need one.
It is really. Appreciate what they have given you dammit.
it might come to decision
Thanks for following. I look forward to your happy tweeting.
I BLOCKED YOUR FUCKING NUMBER SO I CANT FUCKING ASSHOLE, AND I WONT.
Must Read: Top 10 Images in Pittsburgh Sports History bit.ly/s8ziu6
Whew... Our email service has been restored! Thanks for your patience.
i will...give everyone in my class extra credit...when the heat win the playoffs. oops...you won't be in my class any more
given the state of the Internets (you broke it), we should build that nifty teleportation device. would approve.
it is like watching a train wreck happen before your eyes
O!! Where'd you get that pic?!
yeah it's two different fillings and three cookies.. It's like a Big Mac Oreo.. soo dreamy!
I'll bite. Who's the old friend?
Must be Senior Day at PF Changs. It smells of Metamucil and lettuce wraps.
Hey Dan any chance you can give a shout out for me to suit up for Senior night? I'm not on the team either but I didn't quit! ha
Ppl who always talk about shit u know nothing about <<<<<<
“: Todolicious 1.0.3, with support for Lion, will be submitted to the Mac App Store tonight." Great app.
Are some boys in New York City upset that had 2 teams in the championship?
"I'm smart! I can handle things!"
I literally just imagined that as a valid possibility
Don't forget to see #MarkStuartDance 2nite We go on at 6:15!
This week has officially been the slowest.
Same old songs on a brand new stereo.
loll u silly, boy! How u been?
today is a wonderful day to sip some tea at
that is true, ill leave u to handle that place.
MIGHT AS WELL FOLLOW ME BACK...
"A brand is fun to build but no one else cares about them but you, especially as a small practice" - C. Todd Lacey
Notify Jemele Hill - STAT! RT : Not a single black girl on Celtics dance team? Did they let Simmons judge the tryouts?
Good morning peeps. Happy Wednesday!
Alex! Did Chris Columbus stay home? No. And did Galoka think that the Ulus were too ugly to save?
very excited to connect with everyone at next week's conference! Looking forward to it!
Me: *Indian accent* oh my gosh Hannah you're gonna be so girly when i get done with you tomorrow! Hannah: calm down! ur high if u thnk tht
just one day.
cant wait for my nook to get here!! #excited!
I can't watch the 30 Rock episode live ONLINE? Fiddlesticks.
yes, yes we do! RT : do we really want to do this? Not that I'm doubting my dingos ;)
That sounds awesome.
Either do the math yourself or know which follow up questions to ask.
Q. What's the hottest thing in the world? A. Two rats fucking in a wool sock.
Lighten up. Jesus.
Sleep music tonight will be either Iron & Wine (again) or Jack Johnson. Or, hmm, Lowercase Noises. All very soothing.
For you I shall.
Ha ha - nice! I'm getting ready to do my Weekly Review. Are you proud of me?
It's Happy Hour today 10/28 at Cake Fetish from 3-4, everything over a dozen is 1/2 off! Happy Halloween!
I do that to I have stacks of books that I just pick on at random to read when I don't know what I want hehe
"Ain't nobody gon know about it..if they ain't head about it" I dig that-
You bring the value to Twitter! RT : What if we thought Twitter was a useless fad that had no real value? ;-)
In 2012 I plan on losing 20lbs I also plan on taking up amputation.
~ Your Subway commercial ran again
blah blah :p haha
Athe further the distance the stronger the love <3
if you followed me tonight I will go down the street yelling MEGAN FOLLOWED ME(: I really will too:D
I am coming to NYC this weekend after #webwise. Which NYPL location should I go see?
i wuuvv you two!
ok, have narrowed down to Shun Lee or Cowfish. Cowfish may be crowded due to Easter Sunday, but Jonathan has not been there.
anytime. I am now taking appointments for patients in
I love 's review forum. #contractattorneys - tell it like it is! Anonymous and safe. Crappy agencies should be silenced.
tweet me(:
The pressures that the world puts on us should only serve to strengthen the power that is in us. "greater is he that is in me..."
It's coming & you heard it here first: The Drivn Apparel­® Drift-Jump; a Guinness event.
oh dear. I am sending prayers for everyone's health and comfort.
We are in a "making" time where the rules and laws need to change, ie 3D printing, says
Me and Niall both love food. We are meant to be!!
Pretty incredible to see Irene's Westerly tentacles swirl to the South here in South Carolina, as she storms up the East Coast. Wow.
Dear , I was just invited to a Friday nite party to celebrate your passage thru Koreatown. I'll be shrink-wrapped too.
YES!! Guess I'm coming in for lunch again today.
You can always add a little water to get the strength you desire. Cold-Brew is really flexible.
Weird Science! Haven't seen this movie in years.
that's great! maybe we can grab a lunch or happy hour when you're here! Just let me know whenever you get into town! :)
Tim Hightower returning to #Redskins, agrees to one-year deal
how u been lady?
It just dawned on me, the beauty part of being in the #99% is that it takes a lot less time to #Christmas shop!
that was fun. Granny prob not gonna "convert"!
EEk! Bad life choice? Haha
of course ray ray iz the UK fun!!all of yu are!!
you've got the power!
Man, so much going on!!!! I can't believe how everything is hitting at once, but then isn't that how it always goes?? :)
Happy Cinco peeps! ;)
Sharing is holiness.
its 72 degrees is cali :D i wanna go swimmingg
Joining the wall of dads waiting outside Forever21
My overall goal is to drop down to approximately 190lbs
Thanks for listing me on the Abq Businesses list!
Hey .... I'm your biggest fan!! Well...prolly not. But you are entertaining and you smoke too much dope!
Are you even old enough for ?
she got an ass on her and she pretty in the face i spend some cash on her it aint nothin to a nigga awhh yeah
I know I keep sayin it but, I really miss and
you turned it in already.
Great conversation at likemind - see y'all next month!
Websites that automatically play music are like strangers who try to talk to you on a plane.
Made me laugh. Reads like your dog is enjoying the wine “: Happiness is sitting next to a snoring dog enjoying a glass of wine”
i love you
I hope #Beyonce doesn't have triplets. She'll fire the two talented ones and give the pretty one a raise.
Ditto. And I *am* a metadata librarian!
you're right . that is brilliant.
OMG TRISH TWEETED MY YOUTUBE VIDEO!!!!!!! IM SO HAPPY RIGHT NOW!!! Loving life getting comments saying im pretty omg :)
amen brother... Love those guys...
I always try and fix everyone else before me
Hope to see ya there!
I guess that's cheaper than buying the CD.
just watching tv , bored 😪 . what are you doing ? 😏
It is NEVER okay for a "male" to hit a woman!
Have to run to a meeting but loved the conversation, might be adding you guys to my circles this week :)
“: it's in all six of his necks xD" haha randy get killed
thanks for an amazing post!!
YOUNG PHAT PERFORMING LIVE @ INDUSTRY INFLUENCE MONDAY DEC. 5TH!!!! ANOTHER MIGHTY MPIYA EXCLUSIVE!!!! YOUNNGGGIN LETS GET IT NIGGA!!!
Addicted to baby powder? This ain't How High...
lol ur tweeting me and I'm home. Fail! Lunch after ur class?
Thanks so much!
Bros baseball game for a little bit then to my grandparents maybe chilling with sis too
I don't even read other people tweets, I just speak my thoughts and don't give a shit if you respond
If I'm single why does it matter what I'm doing I'm jus trying to have fun
Dear Subaru, Please never stop making commercials involving dogs doing people things. Gets me every time!
#Myboilingpointis when yo punk ass ignore my text even though I can see that you read it "Recieved,Read" CAUGHT
Texas roadhouse!!
can't stand him, zero honor
Samardzija looked great! Glad he made rotation. Go Cubs go!
but that is the nature of entrepreneurial profit, no? Trading your product/process for profit, not your time for money.
Our ultimate freedom is the right and power to decide how anybody or anything outside ourselves will affect us. Stephen R. Covey
God is Great! 🙌
Great veg crepes in presidents field and plaza de panama
Nice to see the afternoon show taking joy in the Brewers woes.
LMAOO just get here scrub ! Ahahahaha
Everyone plzz follow my other account thanxxx(: i follow backk(:
Ah yeah, I understand. haha, what styling are you recording now?
About that blunt I threw at you........
WHY R U GOING TO THE DOCTOR STALKER!!??
Nothin like takin care of a sick child all weekend.Been thrown up on a few times, changed sheets, cleaned many walls and floors
I must be old school too cause I can't hear the stream
:) I just appreciate the support. Means a lot.
teaching Geocoding at the Fire Service GIS Intro Class.
coo yea we bout to do a whole project wit Coolwadda so let us know we lookin for beats
I dont need to worry, I already got colleged RT Watch what you tweet. Yuri Wright's Twitter posts may cost him college scholarship
Im NOT usin the fitness ball you guise -__-
Oh the irony Snipe by king
Getting a bevery from the #COB would probably cringe
damn....thats true
“: hey its not to attract girls! It's cause she's the shit!!” word.... But it's going fantastic thank you
if you see tweet say yeeee ;)
Interpreting the Pulitzer fiction decision as a (very welcome) gentle nudge away from linear realist "how we live now" novels
If any #DePaul faculty/staff members want to feature events or resources on the Teaching Commons before the SQ Newsletter, send me a DM.
I'm having a real bad day today. Maybe another time. :/
Kika is helping me make tea and just told me to not forget to "add one bag for the pot". What a smart, good girl.
todo make a sustainable todo system.
Thx for following me. Hopefully Twitter will help us build community. -mark
yup that's me babe
It's true -- Thurgood Marshall was "outspoken" on the issue of civil rts; RBG was "outspoken" on behalf of women's rts.
Training for my own triathlon on Oct 8th...just need to eat plenty of protein!
yeah.. not a big baseball fan but movie was well worth it.. here's what happens at the end......(ah never mind!)
were you able to get your mouse back?
appreciate knowing that ;-)
When will people realize that if they something people will move . Instead of just standing there making faces
Everything is all about you; you just like me cause I do stuff for you...
The majority of coaching transitions involve those who are under contract or they "quit" briefly with their eyes elsewhere.
Have a great time with your father.
Yelln at Riley to stp pulling my hair n all she does is laugh lol so priceless I love my daughter...
good evening!
very cool.
Okay :D
Why do y'all follow me?
Maybe it's because they try to ram their beliefs down everybody's throats in politics, government, education, and medicine!
Of all the thirty-six alternatives, running away is best
you know, the Syrah/butterfinger pairing wasn't too bad! I wouldn't recommend the sweettarts...
Its a great day, now make it so! Fridays are always great.
Standing ovation for Coach
well it's much easier to say than "Mim Elllling"
I'm actually OK with ESPN's having the first game at Marlins park Wed. night. Means I won't be disappointed by the Extra Innings pkg again.
You have plans 2nite: 6-8pm closing reception for this month's artists. Works of 50 DC area artists+wine+beer=music. See u there?
Are you creepinnnnn ? You need to get on so you can RT this! Love you(:
(When heated and honeyed, yes. ;) )
Meant to write Kirtland's rather than Kirkland's.
Love the new interface for
I was even annoyed reading my LinkedIn profile, so I did some major editing.
Does aaannnnyyyyyooonnnneeee have ps3?????????
“Do they not go astray who devise evil? But mercy and truth belong to those who devise good.” Proverbs 14:22 Choose to go with God today!!!
RT : Sandusky still receiving monthly pension payments from #PennState coaching job, totaling $58K+ annually.(via )
Where will McNabb end up next season? #Cardinals #Vikings #49ers ?
Yeah, the abrupt ending was a little off. Still cute though. cc
Okay, we need to Jericho Parks & Recs!!
the sims. Very gay I know but so good And addicting.
Where is said faraj and jesse woodrow when I need them...my avengers crew is missing in action
Always think twice when you say I can not afford it. If you need it and it will help you, then you can not "NOT afford it!
I would kill for a visit to a Little Big Burger. M cheeseburger, truffle oil fries & beer. Miss u
watching right now
Watched at talk about '09 Shoreline food festival. Beautiful tale well told. Got to (finally) meet her too!
Thank you very much to all those that donated through the SD Foundation Give Big initiative yesterday.We can only do our work with your help
Happy Birthday #GeneSimmons!
You are a saving angel of mercy. Except for the spraying coffee burns.
All the things I wish I would've said....
You will be a Scientist in Crediton.
You are so awesome, girl
Most malarial outbreaks (30-50 million) worldwide. 1million deaths in sub Saharan Africa alone. Most kids 5 and under
Waiting for my boo to come home so we can smoke blunts. C:
have you done Barre classes? Killer!
bout to leave in the rain
Show tonight at Krave. Come out and show some love. Ayyyyyyyyeee
The main difference between a Baptist and a Presbyterian is a Baptist won't wave to you in the liquor store.
when you finally talk to the boy you have been waiting for my parents screw it up ! WTF
Just catching up on updates, and planning on working on more animation frame studies. Got to stay active.
Ayers: On Digital Scholarship Lab at Richmond: visualizes US voting data, all of it, 1840-present. OMG DH Moment for this observer.
Joe Karaganis (Columbia) on media piracy in emerging economies. Arr! #bcltorphanworks To fight it, what can change? Tech, income, or prices?
Why is everyone mad at me? Shouldn't I be mad at you?
hook em horns \m/
haha, love the line 'So real, it's unreal!'
check out the www.phoenixhiphop.net online hip hop awards. is nominated for Phx hip hop producer of the year. Check it out!
I not only believe that God can change my circumstances, but I KNOW that He will!
Really? Another kid with a leash?
Bull shrooms and gay jans coming at ya. Comin' in hot!!!
what's wrong with success? It's what independent thinking people want.,)
Pretending to care about a teachers personal life, to waste time in class.
Shit. Been in electronic line to buy Springsteen tix for five minutes but line hasn't moved.
I have business communications. And yes, I live in fenn
I think some heads will roll after our story today. taking care of business.
goodnight its time to go im tired
Here we go! Good luck you two
If you are a Recruiter with at least 3 open positions contact me for a Trial Climber Catalyst account.
Victor in Seattle, Scott's friend?
's background maked me dizzy lmao
Last night in WV. Having the best time ever, but it's time for and I to return to Orlando!
Its about to go down -
so thankful for the 90s playlist found for #spotify. it is keeping me awake today!
tank you.C:
#POKER #Quote: "Telling Phil Hellmuth a bad beat story, is like telling Joan Rivers a Botox Story"- Norman Chad
hey whats up girl ??
Some girls always have to have a man I prefer to be single
He has a brother Liam that is just as attractive. Liam Hemsworth and Chris Hemsworth.
Im starting over from scratch..... I can't believe how evil people are.... Especially the ones u love.. Outta here asap
Great game son! Watching the Pats take care of the broncos right now.
Random Quote: Don’t let your victories go to your head, or your failures go to your heart.
Ha! Yeah.
Starting to work on an "eye catcher" piece for this year's BIA Parade of Homes! June 16-July 1st! See you there?
sorry too. the best of surprises. was there?! Never metter.
Free from twitter jail
Ohh I see. That's Cool (:
Seriously Reds? Jay Bruce... Scott Rolen... Who else is in on the fix?
I can't imagine how these girls feel actually being there. But at the same time, your dumbass got yourself in there
www.blockstarsonline.com come through!
if you ever need some beats bro hit me up
Congrats Kim! I heard that you were going to be at Spelman. You make us Spelmanites proud!
green and gold sunday
Can't get so caught up in religion that we miss God...
Well, it wasn't the worst I'd seen by far, but can you believe I liked The Ward better??
When you wake up to the cold and the rain, what do you do to get your spirits up? Comfort food? Coffee? What’s your secret?
I TWEETED ON THE RONG PERSON GOSH
Ok so we are gonna switch up the way the contest is being won, a random follower will win 2 tickets to watch our event on Jan 21st!
all mahomies follow my personal
Lisa has put the keys in a special spot for me so I don't forget. But I don't do wet sheets, Miss.
Today marks the last day of the 2011/2012 college football season. Who will win it all?
The shit i do for my boys
I feel for you. Sheer happiness. Wtf am I gay?
Going on live with the legendary singer/songwriter Carol Connors! www.radiokolamerica.com
first time we met, your face became etched in my mind.
Bootcamp tomorrow at 7:20 am. Be there!!! Foam rolling class at 9 am. Have a great night!
chocolate. They can share then as well. At least my .02.
5 more days
RT I wish falling in love had traffic lights, so that I would know if I should: Go for it, slow down, or just stop
I love you.
Time to go become a little bit more of an authentic New Yorker by opening a local bank account.
I feel so pretty
Tours at 2pm and 4pm today! It's beautiful out! Open until 10pm.
Very charming John Lithgow, speaking about the invigorating power of stories.
with grading final papers comes the inevitable groveling and excuses-why its late- ah awaiting the grade grubbing phase-
Spent the last day of the year in shorts and a short sleeve shirt....not a bad way to end 2011
The creatives get no play on 'The Pitch' It's all about the execs.
not sure who Joe is but, ok. Any word on clubs?
is it gonna rain tomorrow?
S/O to and for letting us be great in
i love yoou too;D<3
I still feel the same about him
WOW hit the 800 like mark thank you all so much. Never new I would get this many pepole from all over. So from this CALI GIRL thank you all.
RT if u wanna follow
Bc I didn't have access to my work laptop this weekend I actually had an incredibly relaxing weekend...first 1 in I can't remember how long
Scuse me where's the Mofro? Im starting to question your crispyness.
RT : RT : What the #HungerGames has taught me about Christian men (inc. my husband): wisdom from :...
Our society is based on getting not giving.
Awesome!! Did You Get The New MW3 Maps On Elite?
Seems like Twitter's getting more commercialized by the second. Noticing a lot of people are mentioning stores & products in their Tweets.
You know what sucks? I forgot to buy computer paper so I have to drive to my parents' house tomorrow morning to print stuff.
RT : Took Marlene to & checked in online before leaving the house. Got a stylist, as soon as we got there! Super cool!
This is the most stressful part of the year.
Our school Awards were fucken boring
Pittsburgh is rich in student talent, come and hear for yourself at Campus Superstar, April 1st. THE singing competition to be at!
The road to success is always under construction.
Angelina Jolie just won the Golden Globe for ugliest woman alive
Espresso blend trial has huge bright berry flavors and a finish akin to starburst.
Civil War: Today in 1864, Sherman entered Atlanta & divided his men into a Left Wing and Right Wing during his infamous March to the Sea.
Haha. I've been waiting my whole life to get upgraded for free. At last!
Way to go Eagles. 3-2 baby...
#youknowdamnwell I'm in love yeah me
Our thoughts are with all who were affected by the weather today. Please stay safe out there.
I lol'd at your attempts of making me mad.
How come old people always try to run me over when i am just legally crossing the street, then get mad at me....
JJ Taylor Expo today. Sample #Schellsbeer at the Depot DT #MPLS 4-8PM. A special #cask of Aged Maple #Stout will be served by JJ Draft Crew.
Yes! Just noticed that! There may be other Kevin Free but there is only ONE KEVIN R. FREE!
wasnt us , the people i was wit left about 10.30 last night , soo wasnt us ..
I took a chair and moved it from one yard, all they way across the street to another yard. Patio Furniture Boys for life!
I only talk on the phone when its my parents or if it related to business. Otherwise its texting only!
on the bus in Chinatown
I've been so bad at this twitter thing. My goal is to string together 6 tweets over the next 7 days.
#thatawkwardmomentwhen you hear your voice and in a video and think..Is that really what I sound like to other people?
Come to the live show in Best Buy at Sawgrass right now for 10% off music accessories!
Are you expecting? Share your due date with us!
Was that supposed to impress me?
A dude working at a store downtown is wearing PJ bottoms.
just causually quoting American Beauty in normal coversation.
Wish I was with my second family but I'm glad see the first family
So ready for a nap. This day has been so draining!
No. :p Who are you trying to use?
Diane Wittenberg, Plug-In Electric Vehicle Collab. in convo w/ Nichols: will AB 32 drive biz out of California?
fat communist bastards.
Getting ready for work #np frank sinatra pandora
I'm wo.fucking.tired of petty mother.fuckers.and.bitches that.don't mind their own fucking business.. tired.of.assholes assuming shit!!!!
I've been meaning to try them out. Any suggestions?
Office transformation begins today, so iNSPIRE is headed to the Texas State Fair!
now following back
I tweet a lot so what
Tonight's agenda: #MDEDC Holiday Party @ 4:30. #Denver50 @ 6. Christmas Chorale @ 7. Hope to see you at one of them.
uumm hell no u start everything!!
I love the holidays. Three more fifths and I will be whole!
Less than 2 hrs until Night 2 of our Apple A Day Giveaway gets under way! Get those phone dialing fingers ready! Good Luck!
Thanks for the RT. follow back
Photography is about sharing how you feel at the time.
That statement was much less about sushi & more about not giving it up to come get Mexican with us.
nelson cruz just trolled donaldson
At minuteclinic. Stepped on rusty nail + need tetanus shot. Nurse says "I'm going to lunch. Go walk around for an hr". Sarcasmic.
Sprocket Rocket is also a great game for creators(or Wallace n Gromit fans)
exceptional customer service definition
“ looks like baby simba”
are you still coming back to Wichita falls? We miss y'all <33
We're on the patio!
I'm so confused :/
I am allowed to carry a gun if I don’t tell anybody I have it. It’s called a ‘concealed weapon.’
Hey, Andy Van Slyke. If you aren't watching, your fat son Scott got a hit
A kiss is a rosy dot over the 'i' of loving.
hehe(; well we can talk about this web your dms work!(;
i want to tell me he loves me #likenothingelse even if it isnt true.. sad? yeah i know.. lol love u justin
Oh Corey Haim died ... tragic ! At least it wasn't anyone important. LIKE Corey Feldman ... that would be totally devastating ...
- Katrina is singing a song named after you! ❤🐱
it won't let me follow you for some reason, text me 505-550-1655
prints on most any paper stock that customers bring in. Even perforated card stock for business cards. Color printing of course!
I believe in miracles!! Happy Resurrection Day!! : ) xx
Bahahahahahaha, is she fine though?? She ain't got no cheeks though!!! LOL
happy birthday torrr love you :*!!
I really hope it doesn't rain today.
Warped Tour at The Gorge in Washington was fun, thanks for hanging out! Special thanks to Family Force 5 for doing a signing at our tent!!
So I've been reading up on PHP/MySQL for web programming, and I think I'm ready. Test Project: Online Inventory System
Yes! He's what three years old, that can't be ok
is gorgeous but so annoying
Movie Time: THE BOX - If you press this button, someone you don't know somewhere else will die, but you'll also receive...
I just wanna touch & kiss . . & I wish that I could be with you tonight.
I agree totally but just feel like it was a slap in the face to his backups. Even though it's clear he's the best QB on the team
My rule has always been to have some lady for the winter, then go single in the summer! Especially when u live in Chicago!
yeah, Mel is like Joey on friends. She doesn't share food. She's almost stabbed my hand with a fork before. ;)
While the world doesn't need another blog, it does need more '80s and '90s musings...www.zackmorriscellphone.wordpress.com.
Told me bye tho .. lol . #Classic .
After the 9 hr I plan to plan a weekend trail ride / beer swill / campfire camp out. It'll be swell!
DM me the account tel # as well as the MAC address. I'll take a look.
That moment when you get a sweet text & you just sit there smiling at your screen like a weirdo
Just got home(: no school tomorrow for us! It's Kuhio Day! (:
Is it cool if you wish Desmond loved you as much as he loves Penny? Asking for a friend.
how is this Wednesday?
I support President Obama because he creates space for the truth to live!
Thank you for the shout out!
It started early today and it's been non stop with good possibilities. I'm thankful.
Good Morning! See you ! My 10 year celebration continues Tonight-Saturday night.
Yes! I just went to check on all my resin pieces and everyone turned out without a single flaw! Love #EnviroTexLite never let's me down
Agree, and everyone in the org needs to be on board
ruthless rye ipa now pouring.
Sitting here once more doing homework I ready for finals next week... hyped about UK vs UNC
Mercy swerve
What's your favorite #Oscar nominated movie?
#TheLife Gonna call via cellphone in a few
prepping to watch tonight... Just not sure if I can take Lavinia right now.
stop scouting college bball guys and start scouting our opponent tomorrow
Clearly, I need to stop wearing such short skirts. Or is it the tube tops?
Congrats to #Watson on #Jeopardy last night. Great showing. Us #robots are taking over the world!
new video is awesome <3
That's what keeps the fight interesting.
Wade stop then he dunk lmao what a play
"Always something there to remind me..."
Wait a second. No #Pulitzer for Fiction?! I didn't think that was even possible.
When people get the same thing you have or had :|
hey Becky, sorry, we're going to try TUES 8pMT for awhile, see if that helps w/ everyone's schedules ..
Talking about cover design. Very exciting. This thing is almost done.
If I see you out somewhere I'm asking you now since you said it was okay. Got the perfect UK basketball for you to sign
He fucking with these nobody ass bitches ✋
Wilson was the funniest thing I've ever heard. Jesus and I laughed for literally 3
likewise! I only wish there was time for more hands and more conversations. You're the raddest.
Fuck, I shud be asleep by now.
Well you ask for a lot of things. How am I to know which requests are real???
sounds like a ton of fun -- unless you deal with groom-zilla or bride-zilla.
Top new tech products: Nikon D3200, flagship Blu-ray player
Gallows - Frank Carter = Boring.
any chance at a groom today?
Hey Duke, Missouri loves company!
great pic.. who ever sits there is full of shit..
Congrats on your 1,000th tweet . . . pointlessly epic or not.
Did you have a good time?
well done Mr. Rice ;) *crowd cheers* #positivetweet LOL
i see how it is!
RT : "Everything comes to him who hustles while he waits." ~Thomas Edison
Just woke up from a nap bad news.
Mouth Hurts .
Leadership Games meeting tonight at 7:00 p.m. Akers Hall Rm. 134. Meeting should only last 30 mins. If you can't make it let me know.
Insanity Core Cardio and Balance this morning, i'm feeling really tired but gonna dig deep and push through!!!
very good!!
hahahahahha….sounds like you pulled the ol ** aka "you forgot the underscore bro"
aw man thanks! You'd write a better one though.
Parents are here so it's time for breakfast at Hugo's!!
1 other thing's changed: bizness's customers hv gone broke, can't get credit & can't afford 2 buy anything.
Yes, but is your dormant trigger Power?
The political system is like WWE. The only difference is, WWE is more realistic & entertaining! RWNJ's are killing America!
Looking at property Friday Morning. Cash Money Investors, Rehab specialists stay tuned. Great Deal in the works!
Jason: Thanks for following me! ;)
2012 = bad movie. However, I just discovered the end of the mayan calander and it has creeped me out.
I thought the Easy Bake reference implied that your oven usage was on par with a 7-year old.
OH MY GOODNESS GRACIOUS!!! JUSTIN FINALLY NOTICED YOU!!<3 CONGRATS AUSTIN xD
I so want a #buffalowildwings in #lacey washington...I promise I would be there everyday!
it's just as well that i'll be in korea without a car for a year. i've done enough driving in the past three weeks to last a long time.
Don't miss us on "Sound of Africa" from 5-6 tonight! Streaming at KDVS.org featuring music by the Vision Stars!
“: hahahaha love u sessy :)” see she knows whats up bye hate u but love u lissa
#peopleimthankfulfor all my friends and my family... they've helped me get through so much recently. thanks for always being there for me :)
This was the first NFL Draft since 2008 in which a #Mizzou Tiger wasn't taken in the first round.
Damn the day moves fast! Already time to pick the kids up from school.
- thanks for the love!
You know Adam, I hate to admit it but I'm starting to see your point re: violence, fights, etc. This is near mayhem and silly.
Mr. Funny Pants
mark Liggett loves you. So does Nolan Thomas!
Catch at the Lakefront Festival of the Arts tomorrow at 11:15AM for an encore presentation of DPC's Stone Soup concert.
I have worked tirelessly to ensure my love of pizza is synonymous with my name checking.
g'luck
Repubs vilify Obama for weekend vacation with family. Dems respond Bush was at ranch in Texas over 900 days during two terms. We need better
Congrats on the new gig, Gregg.
wow... Fancy pants!
lmfao!! This one lady almost ordered the whole thing. Then gone ask for some diet coke
Well..... Lunch time is about the worst time of the day for me.
love when you guys wear my shoes before I even get to :-/
hells yes. Not a cover band. Real nice sound.
cool so what's up for today?
Spoiler alert?
Yep, we're more than full, sorry. Maybe next year (fingers crossed) . . .
is cheerfully hostile.
for what
Oh, and since you're watching me.. here's a little present for you :) ┌∩┐(◣_◢)┌∩┐
can't even tell you how much this means. Deep gratitude.
...The #Tebow report courtesy of Pro Football Talk
Just walked outside and it is NOT like walking into a hot, wet blanket. Yay for cool weather!
Home from the rain. San Francisco Photographer bay area Napa wedding commercial videographer silicon valley siliconvalley
Only two people can judge me, God and the person in that robe holding a gavel..
Ole's story will run tonight at 550 and 950 on Fox7. Hope to see you both down the MMA road.
did you end up getting a job with the Rangers? I never heard after your interview.
Finally came to your senses, Grandma!
Just left work. Gonna have some craft beer tonight
We must live with holy amnesia. Remember the past is what it is: the past.
see/meet you this week FAAN Tarrytown conference!
see latest issue of details...
Great catching up with close friends and new ones. T.Y. for having me be apart of your lives. I sure am fortunate that you are apart of mine
Watching Horrible Bosses till I KO. 😌
for fun...you know we out here..beatin up bitches hahahah
doors open at 9 and we go on at 9:30
oh! i love suites! one night i watched tv all night in the living room of a suite lol
where's the kick tutorial vid that'll teach my wife how to pin all the things? she's not getting it.
the skinny brown fox jumped under the tired dog.
Winston Churchill was born in a ladies room during a dance.
aha. Ima try n get my mom to go there like tomorrow ; I want one so bad now. LOLL
What does "Wring URS" mean. Is that about wringing wet baptismal garments?
Hey, man, I ain't followin' you either. Peace tho.
Anyone else in the mood for pizza?
Oh and I'm pretty sure YOLO is letters and You only live once is
by the minute i was getting paid like a hotline
the product looks great! Do you screen print or hand paint the shirts?
I miss my puppy, he's prolly a monster by now.
Thanks, Gary. We're pretty excited. I hope great things happen with Schermann. It's a beautiful film.
looking forward to that newberry interface. What a great service.
Have a great week twitter people
i love you more 💓
Maybe I'll become a porn star
Geez...Louise..
still in spain, mhmmm.
Haha we'll make time, just let us know
Run into fear as you run into chaos, the results might be immense...
On thee swings w.danii. Singing the worlds longest biooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooootch
ask Tom Brady
Just getting ready to go visit
RT : Aaron Abrams will be talking about the lottery live on w/ around 2:15 eastern this afternoon.
Grace is God doing for us what we could never do and what we will never deserve.
Let me rephrase that: you back in Portland now?
We're back in the house
oops, what i meant to say was I'm late to the #Pinterest party but now can't get enough.
what shirt/jersey are you wearing? send us a pic of Jessica at the game
Music is my life, thats why my heart has a beat!<3
Run for the Roses, please meet Cinco de Mayo. Cinco de Mayo, this is Run for the Roses -- also known as Kentucky Derby! Bottoms up you two!
So many bunts, did the Padres accidentally steal Roenicke's signs?
Success! I finally have WordPress installed correctly. Thank goodness. That only took six hours...
ditto. Happy New Year Woody. We should grab a beer soon. Karl Strauss misses it's old city official.
WE CAN MAKE IT RAIN ON YOUR ROSE PETAL'S +HAVE A LITTLE WHISKER ON YOUR KITTY..
RT : Im reusing vids from last year so that I can focus on improving what happens inside class
RT : If your wife wants to learn to drive, dont stand in her way.
I have an orange and black suggestion for you...
#imagine Austin: Mom this is My New girlfriend [Your name] Michele: Ah that's the Girl you Talk about Night and Day Austin:Mom!
I'm in love woo yeah I'm a believer I wouldn't leave her if I try
Hm..... haven't been on twitter in like forever GoodNight 1~4~3 ;-)
There is a full moon over Lake Michigan. Trees are in bloom in Millennium Park. Now, if it would only warm up again.
I need a boyfriend </3
"True love is the only thing that lasts from the moment you’re born to the second you perish."-Weezy f. baby♥
Nope. If it were a Clark Bar, that might be different.
omg so much worse than that I can't even explain it over a tweet
no swimming for me next week -_-
Buckets to store recycled paint.
Im probably gonna get shot after that tweet. Lmfaooo
Thank you again, and the same to you.
lol. That looks pretty painful to me!
#2HOURS till I am asked out by :P oh snap. You jelly? Cool Story Bro.
ahaha worst compliment I've ever received from someone lol
lmfao ikr. Random twitter rampage. Just a lot of shit on my mind I guess
Need coffee... Must find pants...
Just got the word we are dropping the Z from EZ PAY
given.... someone has to get coffee.
Will be doing a lab that shows colligative properties - making ice cream!
That was about dylan!
Elmer it's mat
Do we really like "cyberlearning" better than "ed technology"? Or did we just need something new?
In the basement. Tornado touchdown sightings...and I'm
"he's a wizard on the lead"
They're all waiting for you with open arms. I'll see you opening weekend. Only game that works with Steeler schedule
Mak it rain my mama say look at my sun crazy ass
You're welcome
CHILLIN WITH MY DAUGHTERS TODAY LOVING THE PARENT LIFE
Any time -- I love Rooflines, and I love the work you do!
Did you know? 60% of all cut flowers are grown in California.
This smoothy is enough tasty because of banana and cacao nibs so wanted to avoid extra carbs and calories by using stevia :)
Thanks for the RT! An encouraging quote.... and i'm a carnivore! ;)
I would die the day you reply or follow me... Maby 2day can be that day ? ;)
In the woodlands
obiggtrai1 facebook.com
" i`ve entered the #Zumba halloween giveaway
I am a genius ☺
#reenvisioningnagel museumbox...can add your own video, attach doc, pics, sounds
He fucked me like he was my boyfriend ...lol I remixed it
Is this movie for real or just an idea you have?
I want to see an all out balls to the walls epic battle between #WonderCon and this cheerleader convention.
Is bacteria 'someone'? Are we the slaves of bacteria or vice versa?
Life is still blah, its just stress free now
ok no
Textin my dude Ben...lol he knows how to make me laugh <3
All i need is a bong and a tv in my room and i wouldnt have to leave ever.
I'm sad I'm going to miss this. I'll be too busy getting ready for your signing at
Any animal lovers tending Saturday afternoon? We have 2 send a beloved dog to rainbow bridge & we want to wake him in style!
Last day of vacation and I get to go to Oregon, you are wonderful.
Which panel? Let me know so I can come and heckle you. :/
NY Giants a classy organization and happy they're keeping Coughlin. They try to do things the right way. I'm proud to be a fan
That Cyborg fight was a friggin joke! #Strikeforce She needs to fight men's featherweight!
How did my baby boy turn 6?!?
just ran Joel this nigga got more excuses the lord allow
At oakland city hall planning commission meeting participating in the democratic process. Things look clean after may day protests :)
Reading A DANGEROUS MAN, 3rd in Charlie Huston's dark, dark Hank Thompson trilogy. The end is nigh, I cannot look away.
and yet they only starting using it now to find the missing...and prevent crime.
Cody Officially follows all 4 of my twitters I've made :D omg i am so happy i cant even!
Great point by Karlan: post-Civil War amendment period has rightly been called America's "second founding"
I remember someone anonymously inboxed me the song Ashley by Escape the Fate. I like died at how cute it was & the fact I never heard it.
Does Your Muzik Sound Flat, Distorted, Thin.?? Need Analog Big Boy Sound @ Indie Rates?
I love this the boys are tweeting somuch
I'm so overwhelmed at work that I don't know what to do next... so I do nothing. It's not procrastination...but what is it called. Fear?
On ur feet!
I'm getting my drivers licence this month!!
I'm not sure how you would test that... How does one drink toothpaste?
When your told," your an adult, you can make yo own decision" your usually expected to make the right one!
Sometimes my husband is like having another father :/
and too!!
When I see mention of Skrillex, it 1)makes me think of camping (b/c of a cast-iron skillet) and 2)triggers a skittles craving.
I will be shaving my beard for #HIA2012. I hope you're happy.
Finished 's 'Here Comes Everybody.' Feel like I can create the next Facebook. This will not end well.
no he was watching me
why? Dm me
we appreciate your fine work to achieve justice and peace
How come when Lord Voldemort was Tom Marvolo Riddle, he had a nose?! Why no nose now??
Heading to DC, soon, to attend the ISTE/CoSN Washington Education Technology Policy Summit. Any thoughts I should share with Congress reps
I lick your milkshake! oh, wait...
making google maps accessible is not only about non-sighted users. It's for people with limited mobility.
Almost time to go to work ..(-_-)
Sick games; 's getting First and Second place at Playoffs!
Seriously... Think about it
favorite fighter under 150 lbs?
That awkward moment when Santa and Edward are watching you sleep at the same time. xD
I wanna go to the park. Who wants to come with?
Or do I just leave it how it is, brown/light brown?
iKidNY thrilled and honored to be featured in National Geographic Traveler Magazine this month! Pick up the May/June issue on newstands now!
Was that thunder? Awesome!
It was not my lips you kissed, but my soul
Where's that duffle bag of mine? It's time to go!
but it would also make the hurting people hurt more....
needs to get their stuff together!!! Infinity Ward never had issues like this!!! Black Ops Server is down again... SMH!!! 
hasn't even been a competition since the day auditioned!
The shortest verse in the Bible is “Jesus wept”. Cool.
I just hold my breath and hope my train comes.
hey paul! can you let us know what's going on? we can take a look and get it fixed for you. thanks!
#SCMS starting our workshop on teaching the moving target Great audience. Looking forward to discussion!
do the work I missed from the two weeks I was on vaycay
"Love isn't love until it's given.."
okay j. Come get me after work
she might mean send her a message on facebook(:
yeah okay....skype tonight?
Come support our Michigan based businesses!! Friday May 18th 10am to 6pm & Saturday May 19th 9am to 5pm..
Feels like everyone's mad at me...
“: You signed an online petition? Guess that makes you a real political activist.”
THANK GOD 4 GIVING ME LIFE
doing ok... I'm at work until 8 and interview @ 1pm
#sprinting for 1hr @ the top of the hr. Who's w/ me?
if Katy Perry hadn't said yes to Niall one direction wouldn't have been formed. That's why shes on replay. duh.
I'm seeing tabloids of him with a gay tennis player. May be false.
then, ur reading this right? & ur retweeting it, just because u know u love ur thousands of followers? that's what I thought :)
<<<a self loving nerdy short mf'er RT ": <<<<<<<<<<<<a self loving goofy tall mf'er"
Royals win!
School's almost over and I haven't finished #4 on that stupid secret society list! Quick someone call me so we can converse about diversity!
Check out our new vid on our website! At TragedyCalledTruth.com !
Ahh, parking I love NOT having that expense any more. U can catch up on reading. LOL!
Very telling interview with during Green and Gold Today. I highly recommend you check it out
And one got a cavity on it.
Rollie Fingers without a doubt! #bestmustacheever too.
Stressed is Desserts spelled backwards.
just think, maybe next year we can late night feast together!
Perez didn't have it for sure, but there are definitely worse pain points tonight.
rushers i am ok now i am staying
HEY I SEE UR ON UM ANYWAYS I KNOW UR FULL OF FANS BUT IF U DO HAPPEN TO SEE THIS REPLY? U DONT HAVE TO THO I UNDERSTAND :)
I just seen that! :-)
Mad about the toilet seat? All you do is sit! Try hitting the water half asleep, hungover, with morning wood.
#TheVoice is trying to kill me by making me watch Lady Antebellum and J Biebs while waiting for the results.
Congrats to him getting to play with Manning!
Boot For Each Shark
I wish can follow me :( And I will never give up to go to at least one concert and meet them and be friends with them.
u forgot a zero on that...i thought it was 1500 per public appearance?
That's right enourge the sprit of Jesus in that church
from the razor to the rosary we could lose ourselves and paint these walls in pitchfork red
pleased to make your acquiatance, enjoy your weather
Congrats! Our (mine & 's) twins were born 7 wks early. Scary, but amazing. Our best to your brother & SIL.
You can find me playing outside. With Singing "Call Me Maybe." Oh hey.
lmao you da fuckin best, this is why it works
- ebooks and libraries will always be in conflict because #profit always fights
My stomach hurts wtf!? Not trying to laugh... But cant help it. Lol
What joy do you get out of breaking my heart?
It's beautiful day in Düsseldorf for #drupa day 10 - visit us in Hall 8b & we'll help you focus on what matters most to you
Accidently forwarding something to someone that was sopposed to go to someone else.:/
ok great!!!
b/c they have a rebuilding fetish
I want to be a better person....and im gonna make a conscious effort to be...
"I'm just saying its fine by me, if you never leave" you are stuck in my head today, sir.
Dr prefers the phrase "dying well" rather than a "good death" - at least it conveys the sense of a lived experience
Delicious. Hmm, I wonder if is hiring? We would make great taste-testers. :)
Dear , can we please have a Mix for Easter?
: You BOTH are AWESOME! Thank you, thank you for your support!! :)
no kidding...I bet the camera man saw his life flash before his eyes
I am very proud of you too! Way to go!!!
RT : Money was never a big motivation for me, except as a way to keep score.The real excitement is playing the game ~...
Thanks for #FF! Blessings!
just started watching it last week and I'm already caught up. Such an amazing show. Joffrey is the WORST
The Center for Disease Not Controlled is totally kicking that other center's ass.
im still laughing at the people who said i would be supporting justin for more than a few months .. its been years SUCK IT!
institucionalización y faccionalizacion are way too long of words for me to want to even begin to study them
congrats! Do you have a site?
how dem tatas
How do you interact with tumblr via iPad?
Ha ha. Glad to know he is on the right team. I agree with the idea of enjoying the rest of the week. Stress can wait.
My favorite time of the day, time to eat!!
Easiest morning commute in a long time!
idk the name but it's from Maroon 5 D:
It's hump day!! 1 more day for me this week and then off for 3.
Way too much soap in the laundry it's everywhere
You're welcome! Hope you are well Leroy! :) RT : Thx!
She said he's alright for an old guy.
I was an innocent victim.
meh i gotta go help mom cook dinner. #meatloafagain yuck i HATE meatloaf
White stuff coming from the sky!! How are you keeping warm today?
You make me sick.
Cant wait to see 50/50 and how they manage to juggle the comedic side of the movie and the serious undertones of ones approach to cancer
Happy 10 year anniversary of Allen Iverson's "Practice" rant!!
Big show today! Marlins play by play David Van Horne, newest Nugget Al Harrington, Bronco Lonnie Paxton, and Rockies color man Jeff Huson!
DJ Spaz Tonite at The PLace - Sat nights are off the hook at The Place - come early to beat the line,,,
I hope Adele's surgery is a success!
RT I'm sure every nerd who gets mad about Ebert making fun of them will calm down by watching Big Bang Theory make fun of them.
Awesome meeting this afternoon with and Gotta <3 #fashion & function...did I mention, #madeinAmerica?!
exactly. Can't wait
yes the rules are different too giving huge advantage to offense, and teams play lax defense, its all about the highlights
Yuk. What a mess. Good luck
Going to the gym so maybe will notice me.
So upset to hear The Mikey Show won't be on anymore! Sad way to start the morning :(
good morning, 16 year old (;
I did my thing last night but one thing I realize is I need a manager ASAP
Microsoft's IE reclaims lost ground in browser battle: Internet Explorer resumed growth in browser usage in March, reversing a years-...
ayyee same reason lol but I'm always up this late lol
are you here tomorrow? i will be around - stop by
reading all about Pelosi's mouse stimulus slush fund: 30 million for marsh mice in california. Head, meet desk.
both of yal can kiss my Ass lolp
Thanks for following!!
it's a good 10 days on getting ingredients so we are looking towards past your vacation. Favorite beer styles?
#HardestThingsInLife giving something a chance. It'll turn out good or bad. But either way,
Man, the under 16, 12, 8 and 4 minute tv timeouts really get old after a full day of games!
I really want to play beach volleyball.
I'd like to get my hands on some COE Brazil lots.
Good Night!!
