Sometimes you think that you want to disappear but you really want to be found
Did I really just get a DM saying "let's get it on"? Um, yea....
the lady that lived in the house before us told us that every time that door opens, 2 or 3 nights after, the alarm system
At the to see #TheAvengers!!!!!
So ready to leave..
I want to disappear into my bed for about a week right now.
Doing a Red Bull® party! RT : Tonight in SA! at HOOLIGAN'S (in Live Oak)... at PEPPËR
Mind in one place, heart in another
Wrap their wrists – give your special someone the gift of time this year! Watches starting at 29.97.
Does the word "intervention" always have a negative connotation?
Where can i see how you measure attentiveness in your reports? I want to use those numbers but not sure what they stand for.
Area 51 ghetto guy xD my friend was obsessed with this guy after she randomly found it
Pop Evil
#ShoutOutToo I'm texting her right now and she's so amazing and beautiful<3 she has biggo lips ^_^ lol everyone follow!
#Thethingis most people focus too much on there apperance and not enough on there character
I�m not looking for someone who has everything, but someone who has time to spend with me more than anything ...
#1st children, family, friends and loved ones!:-) Important!!!
When the camera angle is just right you can see rivers of snot running out of ccharlie weiss's nose. what a fat slob.
I love that ABC7 just used footage of the Philadelphia Eagles while referencing football players. Will LA ever get a team? Go Eagles!
Coach Brown of the Lakers...kissing on the job with a 7footer, who would of thought.
Last night at prom-baby started playin and all the girls start screaming and singing and dancing like crazy-I was one of those girls
Txt me(:
This bitch has me addicted ! stumble upon is our shit (:
and here come all the cheesy headlines and tweets about having another of something...
#istandwith #ididnotreport tweeters - we need a feminist presence to counteract the sexist denials of
My guardians have the nerve to talk during the songs and then critique it afterwards..really, no, just just no. #shutupbeforeIhurtyou,quiet!
I've been buying, or at least browsing, Mr. Mysak's books for years. Your story was really poignant.
Birthday boy wants a bronco
Those are my top three suggestions to authors. I always suggest they focus their efforts there.
That he was fantastic and Ed just sat there nodding his head, smiling, and saying thank you
I'm sorry I was out of town. Did I respond to your question?
Fond du Lac police officer still in critical condition at Theda Hospital in Neenah. Lead doctor to discuss the case with reporters tonight.
Thank you!
Proud to say I will be wearing all dade attire tomorrow !
You know life gets complicated when you have to hide things you aren't ashamed of and face problems you never dreamed of
I just got an $800 #oil bill!! F U #Obama! Your #energypolicy sucks and is #bankrupting this country! #FAIL !
So is it just me or do the alien missiles in BATTLESHIP look like the pegs from the board game?
I'm going to apologize to all my followers for this charter school rant today. I'm just tired of seeing misinformation about this topic.
I like hot sexy women
#factsoflife It doesn't matter how lame the show or ad is, if it uses a Ray Lamontagne song, it will automatically provoke extreme emotion.
Niggas turn chicken like a nugget meal.
We're planning some digital humanities speed dating at UF to kick-start some collaborations. Has anyone tried this?
”They be on my t.i.p..cuz I treat them bitches tiny”
I feel that I want you more than you want me , & I hate that .
Thanks, Hatter!
hate that I missed the party last night. I'll be there next time for sure. Looked fantastic. Appreciate the invite
Lots of segmentation tools on the market. Not many that let you collect site behavioral data and build targeted lists from it.
Literally can not wait to see Indie Game: The Movie. That's basically the line of work I'm aspiring to be in some day
Where is tonight's cocktail party?
"Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha Hollywood...you are such a dirty nasty hood"
The US went there to beat the Russians and to show them that our technology was superior, something vital to winning the cold war
What's the best Holiday drink at Starbucks? #Starbucks Gingerbread Latte , Peppermint Mocha , Eggnog Latte
Woot & Brooklyn Tech!
Am not rich but am not poor either am comfortable with my life and what I got
Don't Miss A "Must See" #Video || Only From
National Prime Rib day is Fri. We are doing a special 12oz cut with salad & potato for $25. Come celebrate with the Best Prime Rib in town!
Have a great performance tonight
I wish I was a unicorn.. So I can stab all the fucktards with my head
oh wow! congrats. I'm sure I'll catch up with you at some point!
Is it just me, or do others sometimes think it strange that we listen to songs recorded by people who are now dead?
Promise me you'll remember that you're mine.
I've got 4 to finish.. it sucks
HE Chose Me! Sonship!
Ok well im on my way to OHIO TO MEET FOR ARE ROAD TRIP AND PARTY LOL <3 THIS GIRL AHAHAH
Indeed, it did! RT : - So my months of bugging you finally worked! ;P
dear straight hair, I MISSED YOUU.!!!
Springtime Stories is being held at the German Branch on May 10th at 6:30 p.m. For all ages. Pre-register online or call 271-5144.
Let's do what we do best Scoob, eat. - Shaggy (Scooby Doo)
No alarm? It's gonna be a good slumber.
I'm watching and I'm waiting for #CaseyNovak!!!
True that!
Yes! It was really great. The new dinosaur hall is incredible!
#missingmilwaukee day 23 the Iron Horse Hotel - I wish I could have lived there the whole time!
Bone Digger Bone Digger
dang im just sitting here shaking my head
"Gotta get the party on time" if they they approach you about UAT after they already started. It's already to late.
Friday, Friday, Friday! I'm slinging, MrTim is spinning. 5pm to 10pm Come stalk us.
Im different enough, now I just wanna be full
yes you will. I'm wearing green and those would be perfect.
Are you seeing the fire near Cuervo from where you're at? Send your photos to !
Just found out the new choral version of my song "God Loved the World" is the top seller for Easter from Lifeway right now - yea!
box seats!
Redhawk parkway is closed, no million dollars for me tonight :-(
Spread the word! Love their music.
Breakfast Again, vacation is really the best way to live.
I would've slept all day lmao
What in the actual fuck is going on in my stomach?
begins another broadcast day!
stop spamming cunt
Just 30 min left in this weeks contest.
that shot of platini makes me hate him even more... #uefacorrupt #fifacorrupt. Football needs a revolution
I just noticed that. Not cool.
Online shopping, my addiction..
what'd i do?!?!?! what twitter insight do you have?!
Dodgers CF Matt Kemp will have an MRI taken on his left hamstring.
I make you laugh all the time, why don't you tweet me something funny, eh?
lol, your sisters are annoying & you are too.
I'm free when my schedule clears up.
hey what's cracking with you today
lol its ok i just had nothing else to say :p
RT:Stack Bundles >>>>>
I learned so much today ...
*reaches up and holds the crown in place* Wow...you have a real fat head.
I will miss the BIG chair behind the #President by the #SOTU, will need to sit between the crowd and look up to what a pity.
We have to wait until spring when #docmartin series 5 is available to us.
★ ★ Contact us for your next Corporate Event, Private Event, Wedding or Bar/Bat MItzvah ★ ★
Oliver!! Sup with that jetski?! Lol
Email offline all day unknowingly. No wonder I got a lot done this afternoon.
GOT BUSINESS ABOUT BEATS IN UK, HOLLA ASAP
keep your head up. I hope u get a chance to show us what you've got
Welcome back.
Happy birth day to
I think it's inevitable. The expense of securing/delivering quality content not sustainable at current pricing
I'm so excited to be a part of Cook's Ill. .com! I've been getting the mag since early 90's. Kimball is my hero!
": I came to my room and the fucking door is gone!!!! I'm so pissed ^____^"That Happend to me -.-
God bless. That's outstanding.
Hate the smell of weed !
Paul Ryan: this is a state that will determine the pathway of this nation
#FF Follow Friday What kind of job are you looking for?
Absolutely worth it in Union City, CA. Fun crowd. Loved ! Planning to try the new Fremont theater for Prometheus, 6/8.
Big idea 5: A Collection of Special Places (neighborhood character, identity, feel)
Heading back into the building the elevator line was too long. Walking up 8 flights, the most exercise I've had in months.
do you think it's funny?
WHAT? boo. i'm gonna be stuck with a load of 90s-era "on the internet nobody knows you're a dog" articles on digital identity.
I was working this time. It was excellent for that.
What a beautiful morning thank you Jesus for waking me up!!!!!!!!!!
Entrepreneurs are always focused on minimizing equity dilution..but as my boss says "I only became rich when I became a small shareholder"
Glad you like I am making many more thanks.
how do I get the DVD the Art of Flight?
I don't agree with that Seahawks pick. Forget Russell Wilson, why pick ANY QB in Rd 3 when you're paying $14M to Flynn and Tavaris this yr?
is making plans to move back to Seoul
haha, miami is exactly what I was thinking #southbeach! Lake doesn't sound too bad though!
still got jokes huh?
Sometimes being #single is the most #awesome thing ever.. i answer to no one... I'll leave it at that.
I'm good with that plan
On my way to a celebration dinner put on by the Dallas Business Journal for the 2010 winners of the 'Women in Business' awards. YEAH. fun!
It is SO MUCH FUN to be able to use my university Italian. Italians are so helpful, and eager to assist you in speaking!
follow back please :) #AustinMahoneToGermany ♥
m where u going
Edit to last RT: Sister left out "Say."
how is everything going for u????
I have a MAC, but I can't rely on the software exclusively. And so..I still can't get away from the evil giant.
Phew...putting the finishing touches on final preparations for tomorrow's We're getting word that many speakers have arrived!
Good Luck Sweets!!!
My picks: Gwyneth (lovely, as always), Emma Stone, Tina Fey, Kristen Wiig (my 2nd fav of the night; I just ADORE that gown)...
And then it's really awkward because I have no friends.
I don't have a ride yet. Its a long ride, we could talk about everyone on twitter on the way there
Even when liars tell the truth they can never be believed
its all over now, thankfully!
Watching Beauty and the Beast with my mom!!
Idk what I'd be without my iPod
Britney!!!!!! How are ya girl?!
Nyp raid #ows solidarity they dropped our tent twice
The Worlds Top 10 Car Manufacturers by ryankett
No matter your favorite NCAA team head coach deserves the respect of face-to-face meeting with transfers. Calling/texting/tweeting is wrong
i'll just pretend what you said didn't hurt.
my grandson is really getting cute, he has a personality now. love seeing their little minds work and grow.
For #FCBD we'll be having a 25% off almost everything in the store sale and there will be local artists doing sketches.
Yup. RT : prob w/ work study is maximum benefit don't cut it 4 adult students. How about upping maximums too?
The importance of a mother is too great to comprehend.
it really was!
They say copying is the best form of flattery. Thoughts??
Stand for Children reps say they support Senate amendments to literacy bill.
advice- do bicep curls before you take the ice to keep arm bands up.
Believe it or not, we do occasionally meet people who don't like #reubens... Crazy, but true.
I'm sure it meant a lot to them. :-)
I've Been busy all day. Getting back with the program!
That definitely got me thinking SMFH
Me my bro gone have some bottles on deck and some ppl comin thru tonite if yall tryna come thru hmu
Don't get it twisted everyone has groupies..
Who should we be watching for in 2010?!
what happened now :/
yeah, #INS standards not exactly a book, though; it looks like a journal issue. I ordered it last year & I've def used it.
I'm terrified to fly with my 22-month old son next month. Airport hostility is getting worse.
3 Shows, 4 days. DONE! Woot had a blast. Looking forward to playing again all across Orlando!
Copley fountain is filled.
#ThingsMyMotherSays "Dont Make Me Embarrass You In Front Of Your Company""
It was just Brett, smelled decent. Seems like Brux to me, it was just thin and bland. Brett ate all the carbohydrates.
Thanks luv RT : Happy Bday to da best =) Hope u really are having an awesome day Wish I was there 2 celebrate w ya
where are you??? I'm around!
Then there's the time when you want someone so bad you wish someone else would come along so you could forget the other person...
Jordan Taylor now has 4 fouls. Clearly frustrated as he heads to the bench.
Woah. I missed that workshop. What does it mean?
Nicer weather this week. So excited to get rid of this winter fur! Let the shedding begin!
Oi vey. When will we, as humans, treat fellow humans as fellow humans? What's next North Carolina, segregation?
How to make a cigar box guitar: via
haha awesome! I recognize Jeter, ARod, and Renteria, who are the other two guys? .
Where's the skunk???
Going to be a good finish to / If Milwaukee wins, they'll be 1 game back of for 8 seed in the Eastern Conference.
haha tanning in the snow
Saint Peters goal scored by Pat norton!!! Marauders up by 1!!
Time to be a big boy and make your own grilled cheese
Dear bro, I dislike you.
I'm feeling this twice a year thing :) Dec & June? There are warm days in Dec right?
I opened 2 fortune cookies last night and both had major grammatical errors. Great messages--hope they come true--but it was a turn-off.
So Kobe is better than MJ yet MJ killed in a flu game and KOBE is fatigued and lost a flu game
nope. this area is under a huge amount of lightrail construction.
Curtis joined the
I been wasted all weekend, I gotta pass on the drinks lol. But I'm down with the couches.
Everyday I'm shuffling
the impressionist on #agt was spot on!
Blue moon over Manchester!
Today's new cities on #YouTown: City of Flint (MI), Kitsap County (WA), Newport Beach (CA).
Tonight our feature is fried chicken for 2, served with napa slaw and mashed potatoes, this runs from 4pm till gone!
Finally a good night of sleep.
Wow just finished listening to jayz version of bump bump bump wthhh!! Lol.
Without a doubt! We'd have a ball.
Thanks - Angel Dance should be out in a few days (fingers crossed).
Im believing God for the full healing and deliverance of one our deacons at New Era! Please agree with me for His full recovery!
Team Leader opening in Petersburg, VA $60-70K; Must have either an Engineering Degree and/or 2+ years experience
My poor baby. </3
#JohnStewart might be the most (only?) relevant source of political news on tv today
Whore Houses, Strip Clubs I Go Where The Meeting Are- Ari Gold
What a nice project, looks really good. Good job buddy.
Excited to see JB Smoove Club at the end of the month! Love him on Curb Your Enthusiasm.
Cigarette burn on my face. For serious. Ow.
Here's my number, so call me maybe
I did not anticipate a 5 game losing streak this early in the season.
I'd appreciate if you'd promote my org competing in the Chase-American Giving Awards. vote.globalkids.org THNX
Believing and Praying for some good news when Danelle comes home today from work. She SO deserves some good news :)
oh, and weather forecaster*
The Embellish Saga(Embellish, Justice Served: A novel of the Embellish Saga, Auldicia Rises) $2.99 on Nook and Kindle. Find out for yourself
I'm not going to baseball I'm going home balling and then going to some kegs
watching the #vma s?
Maybe Wile E. Coyote in the crosshairs on the back.
O, I shouldn't have said that to Mother Nature. I think I pissed her off. Lightning and thunder and driving rain. Aunty Em, Aunty Em!!
E.I.F.S. is one of our many Specialties. 2 Commercial E.I.F.S. projects Completed this week! Proud of our staff! Bravo!
Dear Steven Tyler: you're a rock LEGEND. Why're you in a BK commercial? You're better than this. Walk this way-away from the greasy adverts.
Did you ever get a chance to watch his stuff during his time in Ring of Honor or even Pro Wrestling Guerrilla?
#cxo WOW is all about perception. To WOW your customers, you have to know them.
My RoofMeadow green roof report - now have certified products, our warranty is even stronger, I completed a safety program to prevent falls.
I have no right or desire to tell others how to lead their lives and I do not recognize their right to tell me how to lead mine.
Recently received recruiter spam looking for a “Hardcore PHP Developer.” Discuss...
The Avengers > Batman
my hands smell like colon.
Time to fundraise for St. Judes Childrens Research Hospital as I run the 2012 LA Marathon!
Got coupons?
RT : How can a hotel room be both too hot and too cold at the same time?
This place is overflowing with blonde cuteness.
Be your own best friend and you won't ever be disappointed
don't complain. I am often asked why I don't go to Tuscany when I say that I am going to Florence...
Can't wait! RT: Working on a track for
OMG thats awesome :D
i still like the frisky one best.
Yes I'm wearing Judge hoodie. Hop off my dick, bro.
Personally I would tell him how you feel... and maybe y'all can work on the problems
Getting on ... Finding out ... THE Fazzino RIDE!
Damn dude, I had no idea he was even in the city... same with ... oh wells. my ears needed the rest anyway.
Lucky man... I don't remember seeing him anywhere near the top on your sheet! Love the new prof pic. Hope to meet him & fam soon
Finally watching the SNL holiday special on Tivo. Didn't realize Dana Carvey was the drummer for Muse.
I wonder if they still have the tape archives I saw when I toured NPR in 2009....
The only difference Between me and green lizards: I nap in the shade.
What are we going to do with you?? SMH
Drawing some cool stuff for my Bebe. ^.^
Wish I could be watching Martin right now
You are welcome. Thanks for the great work you do everyday!
thank u
I really don't know of anything until the following weekend. :(
Technical difficulties with the livestream of the Commission's business meeting. Please stand by for more information.
u can say whatever come to mind
Was lking fwd to start of boating season, but I want to get my Private Pilot. Wife said,"so you're going to sell the boat?" Yes :(
still not a fan of HAML
Stop
Hey guys, go check out our buddies in , they'll be sponsoring our Dreaming Tour!
#BELLY was a good movie but im sick of white guys getting type-cast as the cop or the undercover in Hip-Hop movies
it's both! LOL what you watchin boy?
FOLLOW ME PLEASE! 11
Green Day's "Dookie" album is old enough to vote and join the army this year.
you're welcom
unless you use a feather
There are no shortcuts to any place worth going. ~ Helen Keller
For a Monday? ;-) I guess o_O
You're very welcome! Thanks for all your help with the story! Saw Channel 13's interview w/you last night.
The UPS store on Flatbush rocks!
That is pretty amazing. Austin is usually such a nice place.
you crack me up
People try to hard to fit in and be popular .
Dont take my point that way. I sure as Hell not voting for Romney. Im saying that Obama seems to take his voters for granted.
“: Imagine rolling over to Chad's ugly ass every night and morning. (¬_¬) #BasketballWives” LMAO!!
I get by with a little help from my friends.
I've had pad thai 2 days in a row and it feels so good.
Fuck this shit you bobble head bitch, You know It's all about Friday's, And not about you
is he really 4 star? Not recruited by those type of schools. Good for the #pokes! Smart WR will come to OU & OSU.
No dis respect but I can't stand camm models.... probably cause I can't fuck'em
My legs r white compared to my face. Ugh.
you've seen it? Shit is crazy. Don't even care if its real or not. I am afraid.
i love ur hair we talk more n be friends!!?":)
#np cant get enough j cole
bahaha ok ok. just making sure I didn't miss anything!
The older I get the more I realize that some women are so jealous that they come off as a childish bully..wow really who does that
Yes sir! Are u going tonight?
Thinking about making Baby Brett a Badger onesie for the sweet 16.... FRG style.... Thoughts??
cause I didn't walk right. When I learned how 2 walk I walked on my toes & not my whole foot. It used 2 hurt my calves so much.
and the best love you can give me, is just a simple hello or a follow. I love you<3
do you add variety? Adding seeds to a station can help that a lot
it's glove weather and you're not here. Your absence hits me with every season
Whenever I can't find something it just magically appears when my mom looks for it. -__-
picosos is looking for a cook call us at 720-404-7961 and ask for james
Let him know we all hope he's doing OK and comes back soon!!
Hm... Anyone wanna answer the daily questions? I RT all answers...
Morning loves!!!! Have a fab day! Xoxo
Hello twitter!
Even then, you'd realize I AM the funniest out of US!! Haha. :D
Thanks! I'm looking forward to my visit. Hope to meet you.
RT“: love you guys!!” Thanks!!! we love our fans! Hope we get to perform for you!
Tom Duncan must be incredible!
Food Fact of the Day:April 24, 1914 Justin Wilson, Cajun chef and humorist was born. Best known as the host of 'Louisiana Cookin'.'
ohh.. But u WILL find a guy soon monique trust me ur beautiful inside AND out the guys at our skool r juz stupid
Donna Brazile great tweet on John Mayer. He was very disresprective
Sounds like a plan
Every body have a good Friday and thank God for your family and friends
oh em gee
Missed Reed's first baking experience. :( Look what I give up for our instruction program, PSU!
ah just got back from zumba class. It was alot of fun!
Heading out in the early morn to spend time with family. Look forward to more learning, sharing, and connecting when I return.
unless it favors your team right?!
What's your favorite music video of all time?
goodluck to on her last final:)
Hey every body dont forget to check out the new website #ROCKINIT coming out next month on the 2nd it will be awsome
I was watchin your ohio state boyss at work #notsohott mabyy you should wear an ohio st vest and bow tie to turn thingss around.
Double stuffed Oreos >>>>
Thanks, Elisa. Glad you like it.
Matt Flynn time?
hahah yes to that
CASTING CALL FREE 1on1 coaching session with Life Coach Ann Thomas for new web show DM for details!!!
I will supply you with the updates
RT Rendezvous Memphis + Beale St = homesickness cure
Hey, I'm gonna go out on a limb and say: People are still on this?
Alex, we got this!!!! #AlexTo200k <3
I really need to stop waiting till the last moment to do homework~>
I miss my happy days , I hate how nowadaays I'm suck a bitch too everyone . Huuuuy :|
I hope you joined my newsletter list?
At the rest stop, she bought some socks and a blanket
. getting awesomely super wonky talking about middle mile broadband
Just when I think I might be growing up a little, I go to the bathroom and my underwear are on inside out. Try again, e.
Bobby chose not to crossover in order to help his boys.
Breakfast of champs: scrambled eggs w/cheese, coffee, maple sausage and toast w/homemade jam.
Hard to believe ill be 30 in three years...just felt mega old xD
That bass goes soo hard
why can't you just be my boyfriend like seriously c;
MOVERS: Sunday is NOW FULL. One spot open on Monday August 1. Call us to call it! 412.475.8193
I'll take that as a compliment lol
watching women's basketball and listening to #NewEdition, I'll even admit this is kind of questionable
Now some guy is singing.
"...Ask yourself two questions: How many people do I know, and how much ransom money could I get for each one?” -Jarod Kintz
nope, not just you
Congrats ......always proud of you for something!
@ the EBSCO Publishing's Luncheon at the Westin
I don't think I'd let anyone take a picture of my CC, but I guess that's not much worse than writing it down
Based on your tweets, I really want to know what class you're taking this semester so I can avoid it.
First time soberly at
so which one is going to hell?
Yo Rome, are you getting any horses ready for Oak Tree?
Kirkpatrick kinda reminds me of Chris Henry.
One is down, Michele Bachmann has suspended her campaign for the White House.
thanks for the info Kelly! ;)
those people can kiss my kellin-loveing ass.
crazy i was there at the video shoot but i left when yal startd filmin. good job on the vid tho
I'm looking for a Realtor in Pittsburgh, PA. Know of one? Direct msg me! Thanks!
Thanks for visiting! We're glad you enjoyed it!
RETWEET IF YOU NEED SOME FOLLOWERS I CAN HELP
A few steps help you play your wma/wmv media files on your iphone. bit.ly/rsb3Rc
Excellent job ! I'll grab my clone and we'll do it in person!
Would much rather have Gus Johnson and his passion instead of Nantz and his fake, canned "enthusiasm"
I had 2 acquaintances say something 2 me about drinking beer within a few minutes. I wasn't drinking but it's how they said it.
haha ohmygosh, you are so sweet. Thanks for the support, darling! I'm so glad you're enjoying them! Haha
my cousin just broke his and yeah
yeah... I mean there will still be picks at six. I'll just be angry. Lol
I have 5 year olds in my class
yes please rate us!
you really don't have to reply to all my stuff
I'm pretty sure Muslims hold up no idol whatsoever. It's banned in their religion. Christ & Mohammed are prophets.
this> :Once again, just like during the season of #topchef, not enough on the reunion. Guess drama really does sell!
Nice meeting you yesterday at the tweetup! Hope you guys got your work done back in Burbank! :)
Kohl understands he will likely be making a personal financial investment towards the arena
We are thinking about moving from Time Warner Cable. Anyone have suggestions for Cincinnati Cable/Internet?
Wishing and the boys the best, as the play #live music tonight at the cork, 5043 van nuys blvd. Sherman oaks. 8pm.
Lap 58 Green flag stops have begun.
Fun fact: anyone that drives a Dodge Ram has committed a hate crime
Just curious if Vegas was a stop on your map of book signings. Yes, the desert is full of surprises. You found one of them!
I once saw what looked like two renaissance knights in combat on google maps.
fuck yes<3 I'll drive us wherever we have to go for that!
I passed with a high c.
Despite da serious issues in da world that really need our attention.As a former student trophy winning footballer I am glad to see progress
Haha, good! I bet you make terrible cookies! (:
Exciting things on the horizon for Green Power Energy. Watch us!
lmfao oh how I miss jerry springer
Bucket list is so cliche--I'm calling it a "Life Worth Living" list.
If your still obsessing over ur past. Ur not ready for a new future. I think thats the perfect time
If was here she would walk with me
(third try here) strangest experience ever to see oneself discussed in third person on twitter. for me gender was
I hope everyone is relieved to hear I found a new coffee shop - - so I no longer have to worry about angry patrons !
8yr old Katie Sadlon: "You need better games on your phone. I'm gonna check the app store and see if I can help you with that." :)
ctfu ! So true
The pressure! RT : Now for a day of Library-of-Congress-worthy tweets!
Oh the set point...#TheWeightOfANation she's a nasty bitch.
Feeling like SHIT
is mildly afraid after grad speeches, and the Star Wars theme, her mother may make her repay her education cost.
RT : Sorry The "Word" wasn't the Word of the Year this year. Try again next time!
protein shake
hey, I'm Chris, co-founder of Ziggling and lil Ziggs.
Yep! Still working for them, though. I Miss Madison! Have a spotted cow for me
Your answer is in the millions of one-on-one interactions that are more salient to people than the most cynical article.
blah blah
best tweet EVER
Dumb Elephant Crazy Annoyin Tramps Unintelligent Rich Cunts Elephant Niggas Trashy Ridiculous Awful Lame (Read the first letter of each word
Internet addresses depletion reflects wired world
Somebody is a funny girl.
blessings rest well
Thanks for the FF!!!!
Who is the most important person in your life?
OMG that bitch ate rocks
Ibaka better stick to dunking with his stuffed animals. Hit the road Jack!
Swansea City in the Bay this summer. May have to check that out.
Most boring weekend ever...
Tosh.O is hilarious!
Mind set, heart full, just you wait I'm going to change the world.. Buenos noches
Omg, I'm pissed!!
When my landlord tries to raise my rent, I invite him over to listen to my neighbor hocking loogies in his shower.
Chimera's face was PRICELESS
- I only hide the ones who are total dicks about it. There's a big difference between disagreeing and being disagreeable.
Oh. Mine your email reference for enthusiasts in certain areas and refer them to related projects.
My favorite is Angola
Earth Day is tomorrow, and what will you do to help the environment?
In Tallahassee parlance, calling the Casino Bill "dead" is about as conclusive as Newt Gingrich saying "I do!"
LMFAO. IMAGINE IF HE MENTIONS IT TOMORROW. LIKE "my mom said she saw you at the store last night" HAAHHA.
Yum. Sounds perfect for a rainy sunday!
having a great time in Nola. Production is picking up!!!
no got out before it happened!
You better! : Hope you had a nice workout hope to get mine on the slide later!
had to ask lol!! send a video of u playing if u get a chance.
Reading some nursery rhymes to my kid. Pretty sure "Old Mother Hubbard" is really an allegory about Scientology.
When you have so much to do and you just lay there:) #ihaveaheadache which means i am not moving.
Google's making meth now: www.google.com
$175 a piece? holy shit, that's worse then a bcs game
50 Shades of Grey
There hasn't been a single minute this weekend that Tequila has not coursed through my veins.
Fuck the A.P Psych Test, and fuck Reading plus, and fuck Pre-Calculus.
I think perhaps our spiritual center is most evident not at church but away when we are kind and we accept the shortcomings of others. Jim
gotta love rerun on MTV. #jshore round 2.
OK FOLLOWED A , FOLLOWE ME PLEASE
aww just watched halloween with my mom.
Pandora is on it. Good bus ride back
tell ya mother I said tex me
Rereading Rework, Jason Fried & David Heinemeier Great stuff on nearly every page."Writing is today's currency for good ideas."
I'm not that straight forward, jackass. :P I'm just awkward. lmao. If you're the master, you tell me how it's done. :P
Oh, you silly girls.
Don't be worried that your heart is broken. Because somewhere out there is a person with plenty of super glue.
Its cool bro.
check now !
have fun!
I need some followers :)
Still In class
Very good point!
Hey, I just met you and this is crazy, So here's my number.. Call Me Maybe?
A Relationship is more than finding the right person.......Its being the right person
ha! thank you for sharing. it's true, the coolest stuff is usually off-limits.
agreed my friend. This will do for now
The bad thing about having trees all around the house is I am constantly picking up branches and sticks. Especially after a good rain.
Headin' to Witchita with the OSHS pep band to watch our lady Falcons kick butt at State. Gonna be a good weekend.
CNN is more concerned about the amt of traffic they drive to their site vs their journalistic reputation.
glad you enjoyed 's talk!
you didn't think it was hard?
nope! But I still have my iPod x)
can NOT wait for saturday with the one & only :))
#BackInElementarySchool me n my friends use to have hot chip party on lunch
The moment when the guy in front of you at the gas station buys $164 in lottery tickets...
Back in town. Time for a hani!
YES. I was silently fangirling when I saw it. love them (':
well thats a no brainer, surely theres a more creative way to do so than that, lol.
I hope it is some Area 55ers I see in MIA. Love seeing some Pacers fans on TV.
I do love French toast >.<
JR had plenty of car yesterday, but like some of the other Chevys they probably had overheating problems, I know Gordon did!
Thanks we are super excited to be a finalist!
#MothersDay in #Israel was a few months ago but we wish all the Mom's celebrating today a wonderful day!!
Hahaha! Yes! Look Southeast, and Libra is visible just above the horizon ;)
if you don't understand what cognitive momentum is... you can't prep your witness adequately.
I'm trying to figure out why there is softcore porn in the bar.
I see the Packers STILL haven't fixed special teams...
And definitely bring MO if she's hungry!
Love that nail polish color and thanks again for everything earlier this week!
Completely changed my thoughts about seeing The Devil Inside.. Must have been HORRIBLE
Cuse needs to pick it up on both ends tonight! Would like to end the day with a 5-0 record.
Damn, you must REALLY like the sound of your own voice.
OBL FAIL RT : "Biden totally unprepared for that post, which will lead the US into a crisis." Bin Laden on trying to kill Obama.
What a truly horrible day...?
Can't stress enough to my aspiring and active ring warriors; have a backup plan and find ways to secure a future in case you lose wrestling.
has officially deleted her Twitter page...the fans went crazy on her for bullying Kesha. They ran her off Twitter.
Love seeing the press and who is wearing Rodarte, but please Tweet about what's happening in the workroom.
How was your dinner? Thanks for coming out!!
Rocked toys for joy today, they loved the new music and saw tons of kids get blessed with gifts, God is good!
Also, the Jehovistic voice conveyed to Adam, "Because you have hearkened to the suggestion of your wife, and have partaken of sensuality,
Now that a few days have passed since going there, I must say that / is the greatest place I've ever been.
he says it EVERYTIME i play the song! lmaooo
parks & rec filming outside bunche hall and the young research library today.
I was thinking about sending you a WhatsApp, but maybe you got angry or you're bussy.
I woulda been in there like swimwear bitches.... #drinkyworkouts = countdown to vacay :)
Werckmeister Harmonies and Chaplin's Circus provide useful metaphors for out-of-LA/NYC productions & their social/environmental impact
That is very true!
Don't I know it! Last Saturday was a wee bit painful.
Please follow YOUR MOM BITCH.
Congrats Best blog
Dog Scouts of America answer the call for community service
System of teacher as facilitator/mentor enables child to flourish: 5th grader finished calculus w/Khan academy videos (3 hrs/night)
Dadventures with pops all month.
finished with all my classes for my first year of college! This should probably be sentimental or something...
did they really? What planet was I on?
Beware asterisks in ads. They usually mean "not really".
Pound for pound, fantasy makes a tougher opponent for the creative person.
he doesn't even do those things
“Batshit crazy is the new black.” this is us. 💜💗❤
I'm in. Southwest now flies out of Atl!!!RT : cool let me see what the airfare looking like
I am 100%, head in the clouds, ass backwards, in love with you.
http:TexasUsedAuto.com
that's true not gonna lie u guys looked great vs us this year. rest of the season and playoffs are gonna be awesome
thanks for joining this evening! Press on for progress. We are gonna put a Blue Spotlight on the Valley of Virginia.
it's too hard to try(that's what she said) not to laugh, so many great one-liners and random inputs from ensemble
can you send me the picture thats your background? pleasee
Who called this the J.V. game? lol
Nearly one-tenth of hemisphere 's mammals unlikely to outrun climate change A safe haven could be out of reach for 9 percent of the Weste
actually, vegan food is what I crave now, the placenta in the egg and blood in the meat kinda grosses me out:/
just ask him
How you know? Maybe no one has tried. Try me! RT YOU CAN'T HANDLE THE PINKIE!
Life is too deep for words. so don’t try to describe it - just live it.
I will go out a limb, Belfort over silva #ufc126 #VEgas !
lol when I found out u def no
thank you!!!!
Anyone in the area have a spare pocket square for the evening?
Oh and Sean Payton suspended for a year, maybe the #Saints regretting they didn't sign Drew Brees long-term a month ago?
goodnight and happy mother's day once again
aw that's a bummer. But yeah weather looks great! I've never run in Philly so I'm excited for some new scenery too
Would you like another glass of haterade with your bitchflakes or some hoe wheat toast? ;)
who went?
Star Wars is on.
Jesus is the shadow of God.
damn im blowed.....
She is so beautiful! Congratulations!
that certainly was not enough for him. Hold out for Matt Kemp!
time to watch toddlers & tiaras .....
hopefully he gets smarter with age.
"Benjamin, I am not trying to seduce you." - The Graduate (1967)
Listening too and thinking of Him :/ o hate this feeling :/
Pray all is well!!! I can't wait to see you perform again.
my sisters French grooming products stink lol
Help me. I don't ever watch #idol, but I'm sick & bored. And now apparently this tiny Asian girl was born in the disco era?
Come out and see us on July 4th with , and more! We will have our fill in guitarist first show with
Must be a new record! Congrats!
When things are going well take the time to be grateful and appreciative.
New Deals from national retailers! Check the Qponomics app for money saving offers at Ann Taylor
Who do you refer for appliance repair and installation?
Are there any bands whom do NOT live in Chicago, but would like to show swap for a Chicago gig?...Beuller?
If Diggy Kisses A Girl In "4 Letter Word" Video I'm Crying Lmao
This thunder vs heat game broke my heart!!!! Man fuck that shit
Working hard to be the man I'm expected to be.
Ooh I like that! Wait, I thought the cake was a lie!
I can never go back to sleep once I'm up .
RIP Dick Clark.
RT : RT : 'One who cannot cast away a treasure at need is in fetters.' ~Aragorn
I guess you get what ya pay for ppv fights little bullshit, Fox Hours of bullshit and only 3 fights,
So not in the mood for Christmas.
REP THE 21? Yeah... that's an every day kinda thing for me <21
Changed my twitcon again. Ha D:
You're so fucking special. I WISH I WAS SPECIAL. But I'm a creep. I'm a weirdo. What the hell am I doing here? I don't belong here! 🎶🎵🎶
Not really. Walk to much is the real problem. Not use to being at the hospital.
miss you. that's all.
My prediction: it'll either be Chandler Jones or Dave DeCastro!
oh. turns out the girl that was singing (horribly) was the girl that got "Made" a couple month ago on MTVs #Made. lol.
sorry.... To late!
Thanks! Working to sort things out. Slower than I expected, though I hope to beat your record!
Had a great time playing on TV! Thanks to everyone who tuned in!
My 2,000th tweet goes out to ! :] I love you with all my heart. Thanks for sending love & positive energy around the world! <3
Welcome to the #twittersphere, cuz! Watch out, it's addictive.
I'm good omw to get my hair done
my baby just got a new pair of kicks and she loves em
A month and one week!
why don't you have your goose with you? :(
I think my son really out for the series..its still gon hurt when I hear it
Grad Bash next week!
@ bravoandy silence! What happened?
I'm bummed since I need 2 get home, bit ice storm tonight/tomorrow starting to look worse. Already below freezing. Will be 4 a while on sat.
speakin of kids. shawn has a 0.4 GPA! got to make up several classes. what a dumbass!! lol
#visionconf respect the land, good advice, no?
on what?
Miller and Navarro are not on Meso's level offensively, despite his struggles so far.
Twitter gets kinda boring after a while # Facebook
hey Bella thorne plasce watch me on twitter ;)
Great point.
Hey folks. Billy Boy Brad will be our guest bartender tonight. Give him heck.
Family member admitted to ER during computer outage. No complaints. Only praise for this excellent team!
Twitter Tip! Twitter is a different platform than Facebook. Talking on Twitter is more like texting. So text.....
right? lol. tomorrows thursday though. #dramathursday. (;
If people say something about you, judge you... Do not get affected! Remember: "Dogs don't bark if they know the person!"
there are 7billion people in earth..r u gunna let 1 person ruin your day? DON'T!
thanks. we moved like 5 mins away off 67/Polk
good partying with you last weekend... from what I remember at least.
NP: Mary J. Blige: 'Love No Limit.' Just found my copy of 'What's the 411,' which I bought, oh my goodness, almost 20 years ago now?
Such an awesome afternoon! Love working with people who hold such a great positive energy!
Spent the morning going over formations and basic tactics for 6v6 soccer.
Love that at our party every time we hear "Hugo" it's followed by "son of a--"
I think I could say I've a million dollars to just give away & no one on here would pay attention. Sorry.
"You really can change the world if you care enough." - Marian Wright Edelman
FDA sucks for banning DMAA!
I gotta work on that... 
news tracks produced by me! uploaded on soundcloud tomorrow!!!! for free download (mixtape purposes only) RT
Saturday is a great day to relax & take a leisurely stroll around the #MelloyDodge showroom! Visit us at 9621 Coors Blvd., NW, Albuquerque.
Last nights episode was priceless..Phil, Si & the granddaughters.
Loving it as every.... Raving in San Diego!
In my writing class this week we talked about how there are Chicagos: 1 is beautiful & full of potential, 1 has blood on the sidewalks.
Why thank you!! :) It's a whole new world! :p
SHOUTOUT TO AND TEAM REYER 4 MAKING THE PLAYOFFS! OVERSEAS VET STILL HOLDING IT DOWN! WE NEED 2 CATCH UP THIS WK SOMETIME..
How can you be innovating and creative without any money?
5 - 6 - 7 - 8 houses sold. One at a time , quicker and quicker, they are going.
Yep! We tell it like it is... Like it or not, we told ya so in 2005's "Unreal Estate" CD... 2 years before the fan took a dump!
Layin down some cello today at R.i.T.E. Records
I hate desperate people !
Er, wait, just scrolled down. You didn't get pasted today, I take it?
Die as you fall is now on twitter!!! Cd is coming soon!!
glad you enjoyed the beer, come back soon!
Let's see which one of my shows come on tonight???....
Man I just recorded some dope shit!
"The older I get the less I listen to what people say and the more I look at what they do." - Andrew Carnegie
Added a couple of new choices to our selection this week. Got a Suburban and an Extended Cab F150 ready to go to work!!!
There shuld b a million reasons why I shuld jst giv up bt I keep goin no matter how hard it gets!There will b sunshine after da storm clears
It's so hot!!! Mojitos anyone??
We saw your post on our FB page. Of course we will.
if tune was in bucket, still couldn't carry! There is a hole in my bucket! ROFL
you make me happy
lol iGot both of em .. who let the dogs out!
I miss socializing, but also miss having something to do and a place to be during the day, it seemed more fun than it is.
Oh wait, maybe will pick up some sleepers in tonight's rounds?!
I wish half-written blog posts had value, I could make a fortune.
I'm a mammal! I have eggs! You can eat my caviar! -
People need to accept the fact that the members of one direction are highly homosexual for each other
I don't know anything about any assassination, I was in the hospital on drugs.
Chew'n on some pumpkin seed blasted of some Good Good. Volcano Blasts to the neck
Are you seeing the Cardinals / Cowboys game? Keep the drinks flowing and the party going afterwards at Xona’s Asada Grille!
I had a 40 lb bag in my car for over a week hoping someone else would do it.
FOLLOW BACK PLEASE??
Thanks for the nod, come & get some sweet potato fries!
Sims 3 is so addicting:O
empathizing with fellow laid-off employees at my former employer, the University of Oklahoma Press.
Lol yeah i was hoping you were joking
Watching Punk'd because it's the only show on besides #FantasyFactory that doesn't suck.
Toilet paper should really consider making their own bottled water brand
To you to sir.
Today needs to be a burger outside kind of lunch! What are you having #Milwaukee?
Ugh I feel sick as fuck
Today was the best :)))
yeah shyanne used it
Photo Uploaders Should Be Instant. It Didn't Take Ten Mins To Take This Picture Why's It Take That Long To Upload It??
McDonald's just screwed us. Didn't give us half our meal or forks for the cinnamelts!
Peanut butter, honey and banana pancakes? You had me at peanut butter.
that's a beautiful thing
Come on in for Thirsty Thursday tonight and get the weekend started off right!!
The pride is killing me.
Thank you for the RT, my friend!
Pavlyuchenko. That is, if Harry plays him.
OK. I will check on this monday am. Back to you then.
Why does #Panera stop serving breakfas at 10:30? I think its still breakfast till 12pm! made me sad :(
“: You're damn right I just bought & ate 3 bao from ! #FattehTweet #DontJudgeMe lmfao!” lol. How were they today?
Hope Rankine means Don't Let Me Be Lonely. So Good.
Yeah I have to make up two finals now and I have no idea how lol
good plan :)
The chats are fun - kind of like Twitter - fans get really involved and interactive some nights.
HOLY FUCKING CRAP. 145-143! BCB WINS ON A HEART-STOPPING PHOTO FINISH! Romo's in-pack ghost points were the decider!
Apparently... Virgo's best match is someone who can hold a conversation in a coffee house and talk dirty in the bedroom!
I cant wait for NBA free agency to start. Im interested to see what moved the Nuggets will make
no problem.
Ya can't steal my joy. It didn't come from you, so you can't take it away ;) My, how God is strengthening me. I love EVERYBODY!
Hey y'all yah girl been acting anti lol I have not been tweeting I just been looking #gotta stop
u wasnt even eatn them nuggets, they was gettn moldy in the backroom, somebody had 2 take care of em #skinnyfatperson lol
YOUR SONG 11:11 IS ON REPLAY ALL DAY LONG!!!ITS AMAZING!! IM IN LOVE WITH IT!!<3
Ever so slowly, I'm beginning to suck less at Powerpoint. Not sure how to feel about this.
I knew you would love that quote!
Smoked Venison Sausage, and Peanut Butter n Double Chocolate Brownies today
Day 7 of the 14 day #detox! Going well. :D
Ladies Night :)
Impact from VOC Delivery;Product Reformulation, New Product Design/Launch, Packaging Change, Contacting Consumers About New Product
RT : : Co-creation by the audience is next - recurring theme at SXSWi
Just decorated the Holiday Tree at INDIGO @ twelve|west...come check it out in our lobby, it looks awesome!
Going to my graveyard shift....My boss, the bed, is waiting for me ;)
i go to skool today -.- but im always on twitter soo yea hehe hopefully ^.^
The week is almost over! It was just Monday...wow.
looking at moving it to tomorrow early evening because of the weather. I will give you a call tomorrow.
That was one good workout!
Nice rainy Friday in Albuquerque. Nice day to shop - or not.
want to work behind the scenes at festivals? check out the newest resource for festival jobs!
yes! Sparing a thought for y'all today, would love to see it stay this way in 3rd.
please tell me Chris going to stop by when underrated hit Miami :) Btw June12th Hot Right Na #Bowwownation luv y'all >> BowWowToday
Thanks to my lil valentine for my hoodie!!! #BestValentineEver!!!
Romney said "hijinks". He talks like Mr. Burns on The Simpsons. That's reason enough to vote for Obama.
Just ate a rootbeer float c:
watching to kill a mockingbird with bob...
S/O to for a decade of speed suits and airmax! Lol love our new black and green speed suits! Gotta get new twit pic with it on
Whoa... Good lookin' out!!! Hadn't discovered that one.
damn that always happens from this app!
I wish we had at least boarded so we could have left via the emergency slide. That would have made up for a lot! Free suggestion,
Portlander really wants to help legalize weed, but he's "not stoked on the hella signatures you have to gather."
Netflix. I might as well live by myself with 100 cats.
#ff perfect angle shot. Driving in circles around the arch you can forget the grandeur thats within.
:O not true I DID!....well why wouldnt i??
the championship shirts are icky looking.
Me! RT : We are in full- Sweet Suite mode. Who's ready for this year's party before #BlogHer12? ~c
Choose to feel peace no matter your circumstances.
Just can't seem to leave the mall parking lot. MacBook separation anxiety.
I am grateful to be able to admit when I am in the wrong.
Exclamation points are the rule of the day! Why! Because R Dub! is the new PD of XHTZ (Z90.3)! And XHRM (Magic 92.5)/San Diego! That's why!
Check out 2010 Safeway Classic Photos and more on our new website!! www.safewayclassic.com
Hahahah pictures from last night = great success ! I think I should be a photographer ! 📷😄
What do you call a parking lot next to an Armenian church? ... "park astudzo"
Going out to eat with mom an taylor :))
Today's agenda...decorating eggs, a gel pedicure, and finishing my article about and her magical book #FSS!
damn I slept like a princes last night. didn't even hear my friends leave.
Happy mothers day mommy <3
After Ur done getting Ur vocal cords warmed up at the #Milwaukee Walker Recall protests, stop at either BrassMonkey location for #Karaoke!!
Heading to LA for the #NAACPimageawards. It's party time.
we all can hang . i know you dont get to see him much
Can't seem to get warm :(.
In New York domestic life, it's a constant push-pull between insulation and space.
Beautiful Tennessee morning!
Playing Wil Myers at 3B, along with moving him around in the OF makes me think the #Royals will be moving a highly talented prospect soon.
Just joined the National Association of Photoshop Professionals-looking forward to reading the publication!
Come on folks! Not much longer until #HH can you make it?! If you can there's a nice cold #bartab drink waiting for you... =)
Me to I need a man “ Omg keet getting married all my friends getting married gotta fine me a man lol”
YES! When my friend Linda passed, her organs helped TEN people! Even her skin! Why bury or burn what's totally useful?
this is turning into #twitterwar2012, which is
Mary Ronan from - In order to have a vibrant city, you HAVE to have a thriving school district
FRIDAY NIGHT @ CLUB ELEGANCE LADIES FREE $10 ADMISSION $3 DRINKS TILL 12 HOST BY & POWERED BY
I see you!! Doing it!! Congratulations miss, I hope that it is the start of a long and rewarding relationship!
Home from Roberts, had a good time now time for bed ((:
come visit me please. :)
call me 4044233229
MAKE AMERICA STRONG AND PROSPEROUS AGAIN!!
Yo! You remember the icky shuffle dog what kinda dance you gunna do when you score a TD.
Then I got that one dude who was giving me signs he wants to fuck... I was trying to talk to him but he just ignores me
My kid turns 6 today... I'm scared of when he discovers girls...
If you dont spread the word about #Kony2012 you have no heart .
A long time ago, we used to be friends.
Just read your manifesto, well put! Libraries are looking for ways to house and/or promote Lean Publishing
#favmoviequote It is you know how I know Cause I went to the fucking salon with her and I got my asshole bleached too&I love my new asshole!
LIKE LOL IM LIKE BORED!! HAHA DAM :/
Insomnia is winning tonight.
I'm hungry. Gonna try to find something to eat and then spend a little time resting.
good thing you guys are safe and no authoritative figure can get on this safe site to see this convo that could be a text
Already ordered here. I hear he's slamming away on the finishing touches.
As a leader have you delegated real responsibility to your team?
Oh, & new (to me) ingredient for a better gimlet? Agave syrup. Don't know why I hadn't thought of that. No simple syrup making necessary.
I love Angela Corey
Haha, #irony? "RIP Chris Brown" is trending right now. Support the #RevMellowChallenge, and help me secure a boxing match with the departed.
Live! Hafiz Saeed: Why bounty? I&#39;m not hiding in a cave!
Impromptu thrift store shopping w/Camille. I am getting a red snowsuit!
Tell them what to do and they will surprise you with their ingenuity - George Patton
my twitter was being lame ... Just seeing this now! Direct tv! Haha
anyone know off the top of your head how any days till kickoff?
Flyers v Penguins, great game brewing!
no problem :)
Are you ready for Global Action Week??
#GoTribe I didn't know that Rob Lowe was first given the role of Patrick Dempsey as Derek Shepherd. Patrick is perfect ...
I should have been tuning into BangBros instead of that press conference... A lot more would have gotten accomplished.
There's nothing like fast *****ing on a Friday!
PaladorBenjamin thanks for following me on Twitter!
Absolutely not! She is handling them VERY WELL!
just because their friends doesn't mean he has to like that specific team lol
WAT IT DO?HEARD YOU SPINNING "DAT WET DAT TIGHT" BY HUMHUKEY
Low scoring game
the things we can do w lotion
And funny d:
c u in July on my honeymoon! Can't wait 4 my hubby 2 experience #believe!
dude do it up
I'm rocking a hat! Lol
Good morning America. Quite dark over here already in Indonesia.
If she still colors in a coloring book
Happy Easter All !
Thx for the idea
What if he takes them to the finals this year? RT : Smh RT : Kobe said his list of the best ever goes "Wilt, me, Jordan"
I can't wait for Rupaul's Drag Race to start again.
ive had this leg cramp all day -.-t
it's AWESOME! glad you were able to attend!
Just got off my first NY subway ride!!!!! Last night was awesome!!! Now, time to go be a tourist!!!!!!!
Dear person who sat down next to me on the bus, you reek of smoke and are a hazard to my health. Please go away.
too funny
showing some major #MentalToughness @
Absolutely man, is the real deal.
might be worth learning to read academic german
Keep going, you can make it!! RT : I have 2500 words to go!
Any body remember the movie Brink on Disney Channel? Why don't they play it anymore??
Merry Christmas Eve everyone!
coffee time?
I am now following all of them--good suggestions!
lmao i sing in m bathroom while im shaving but thats about it, im a marketing rep
Why is there a cd in my pants. Wtf happened last night?
Finally found a cozy apartment in West Hollywood. Things are starting to settle in slowly.
#atxcouncil takes up item that would centrally formalize a set of rules that have poked up in the wake of open meetings trouble.
Where are you? I'm here!!!
In Moscow, Idaho. Just heard John Clayton with Monty Alexander and Jeff Hamilton and then Monty and John with Bobby McFerrin. Awesome!!!!!
Looks like laundry day will turn into days....
we play in the morning ): but maybe me&carly could still hang out with you or somethinnnn
yeah, Lions an Red Wings.
See this! Scent-sational candles and luscious fragrances.
Q: Other reports draw different economic conclusions than Fuller's Should they be considered?
like . . totally
Can you contact ? We'll be able to give you more details about our multi-lingual support. Thanks!
Neville...before finding the correct verified one, and re- find the quote put on the Sky Website from him about THAT tabloid Roy Hodgson-
there are plenty of inter-Ontic becomings, ahem, large and small!
I need it!
if you're going to the Today Show on the 14th we should meet up kk? i'm gonna be the girl with the giant blue and purple justin poster. ;)
Good Morning BALTIMORE! 9 more followers till I do the drawing for FREE LAPDANCES! Keep spreading the love!
do I remember correctly that you were reading 50 shades?
join the club!
Jam session tonight 8-11 at The Grand Bohemian downtown Orlando Florida
Cont. Should not have been where she was, that is bulls**t, rogue cops attack blacks irregardless of their status in this society.
Bacon and Beer truffle? Would love to see a picture of that!
Just finished up a BRB testimony we will be up loading it in a few- tell us what you think
Anyone else noticing way more spam comments recently on ?
Always - Drama is an actor's middle name... ;)
y r all guys the same........un trust worhy, he thinks i like my best friend bc hes a guy ........... well doesnt somebody have trust issues
“: Thats true. is the expert on drinking and just about anywhere. Especially Lawrence.” SANDBAR!
I just finished my song "Where I Stand" , ready to record!! I am so happy.
but here's bad news to counteract that, she probably left an unbelievable amount of work
Ah Canon EOS Rebel T3i DSLR camera is on sale again, just in time for my BDay. Is this a sign?
S|O to all young black entreprenuers, college graduates, and everybody moving and shaking...
Heavy Metal Cats! Key of Awesome
wrapped up the #bbwc - success!
I got caramel on my pizza stone! :(
Chilling at school,people in here doesn't seem too friendly so guess what ! I got my beats I'm gonna hear tyga #flyonetime baby !!
Sarah Palin hosting the & Wilson Phillips as the guest musical act -- I think I woke up in the Twilight Zone this morning.
New From Laura Mercier
Does twitter have a 'like' button? RT“: Olivia was fixated on the NFL Network entire time she was taking her bottle #ProudPapa”
Today is my #someday... will retweet me. #neversaynever 26
Sometimes I hate being a responsible adult. Just sometimes
The ALR has begun. I'm not going to say where i am w clue #4. But there is a couple planning their wedding here, like Carrie in SATC movie1.
Thanks Jim! Customers satisfaction is extremely important to us! We'll be waiting for you and :)
Don't worry that there won't be a tomorrow, it's already tomorrow in Australia
trust me your all good
That's because you are. ACC is glorified high school
Patrick Crayton 23-yards into Raiders territory
Norv Turners new book..."how to win, and win big when it doesn't matter..."
#occupywallst Yesterday put pic from LibertyPark & today it was deleted. I'm attempting to upload it again. What abuse policy did I violate?
So, you deleted me off your friends list... What's your next big idea of revenge? Gonna throw a marshmallow at the back of my head?
as a 4 1/2 year student of airbrush, I have only used one. IWATA,.. now I have 16. It will never end will it? Iol...
If you're at work and anyone can smell your cologne, you're wearing too much cologne
Go Hard or Go Home Kids.
- Boys Are Crazi!
Why you got to be a hater like that...I don't mock you for liking Paczki!
So much good work on #WBN! We donated a load of great books to the Milwaukee Public Schools as part of #OAH12 Book Bridge Program.
I brought back the running man for class tonight. Good job ladies and gentlemen that attended!
“: i dont know about you guys but im ready to go out tonight.”I'm hoping to capture some gems this evening to send in!
follow it's just one button to press!!
Made a wish at 12:34 pm today I'd be sleeping before the next 12:34. Guess that wish didn't work.
Mad Girls growing up.
Can't sleep! Wish I had someone to talk to......
Fresh cut now what..
“: My dates here. Deep breath.”good luck ☺
First day of summer session is a super awesome day for servers to all go down for the entire day. Yep. Awesome!
Thanks for the mention this morning! We appreciate it...
Absolutely! They'll always be the best ones too!
It is in the BEST INTEREST OF YOUR CHILD to be a good co parent. This should rule whether or not you live with the other parent....
Last day to save at Cladrite! Coupon code SuperDuperShip for #FreeShipping or SuperSave$10 to save $10 on orders of $50+....
How this can happen #FBI #PDX is covering up a conspiracy & murder of Margaret L. JONES/PorthavenHeathcarectr
New Job. BBI In CFL. Here we go again.
just call me when u can ha my phone isn't receiving texts
did y'all have fun?
please please please follow me on instagram!!!!!! my username is iluvya_nojoke!!! i need more followers! thankx!! :)
Stop tweeting that Montee Ball was arrested... He WAS NOT arrested. He got a damn ticket. That man is probably at home laughing right now.
you will girl
it just took me 10 minutes to find out how to type in this stupid twitty twAT TWAT BOX. like well so long spammy PROM PORN stars.
Can't DM you since you're not following me--Twitterism I'm following you so you should be able to DM me if you need help.
Buenos dias a todos. Good morning!!!
Going back to sleep...hopefully my dreams will be better this time
Obama knocked it out of the park.
What was Chuck like as a coach?
bahaha yes!! glad you got it!
Hello everyone! How is everyone doing?
WILL U FOLLOW OR REPLY ME?MY BIRTHDAY IS ON TUESDAY AND THATS MY WISH, AND TOO MEET U! I LOVE U SO MUCH ♥ HAVE FUN IS ASIA! 3
Holy morning wood! Morning, world.
I wish I could delete tweets from my TL
Having 5 boyfriends.
Thank you! Lol that video kicked ass, too. Excited to see more. We'll keep in touch for sure.
30% off #Pella - employee installed projects or 30 months special fianacing in #Albuquerque #windows #doors are u ready 4 WINTER? 225-5538
S/o to & 4going in on the TEXAS RELAY 2012 MIXTAPE. DIS HOE IS LIVE
Eventually though the craftsman needs to leave his box & get his music out to the people that want to be touched by it.
Happy Anniversary to my awesome and lovely, better other half. 22 years! Love ya mama!
#antiviral meds for #herpes can shorten and prevent outbreaks during the period of time the person takes the
Lot of interest in Center & merger at #AAM2012 museum conf.
Anthony Hamilton songs to my soul.
WTF!! That makes no sense...ugh!!
What are you up to on Sunday evening? There's live music @ #SpinBartini 7PM...come check us out!
Is totally basking in the glow of her Dames getting a standing ovation last night!!! So proud of you ladies (& Kris)!!
all the experience accumulates, to make you into one mega awesomely skilled person in the future ;)
good morning cutie. Have a great day! :*
I accedentally gave my baby whale milk is he going to be ok...hahahaha - made my day!!:)
Oh. I just realized it's not Friday. sadface.
there's nothing surgery can do, when i break your little heart in two.
Follow me please! I'm great simpsonizer! 143 so much! Never change, your voice is amazing :3 . Follow me :3 follow me32
": Age is but a number, maturity defines." Amazingly true <3
glad you think i'll make it to 40, haha
thank you, friend.
Rangers hold onto their 1-0 lead. #Caps fans, time to hold your butts.
ManchesterUnited goalie, my little wolverine is what???!
Take the good with the bad
Not sure how I feel about Kathleen Falk as a gubernatorial candidate. Can she really win?
I can only imagine what he is saying :/ I honestly feel bad for you because I play it, too. Sorry you have to endure that haha
hey nate- your page should be working exactly as expected now. sorry for the delay and thanks again!
We're coming. Expose. Empower. Unleash.
Absolutely! RT : #kbtribechat A4) Ceiling fans in all bedrooms and living areas can greatly reduce AC use.
Honestly, who would name their kid Peter Jurkin? Why doesn't he go by Pete, or Ryan for that matter?
Happy birthday hitler, amd rip Columbine victims
he has always been on bron's nuts. Loves the Heat. Worst NBA reporter.
That sounds fabulous!
Three of my coworkers owe me money and we get paid tomorrow
So excited! Leaving for in LA in 24 hr.! So much to do! Come see me and other indie designers Sunday at the Cooper Design Space
i said it once and ill say it again. hoes will be hoes. and yes im talking about you😄
No way! Hug it out peeps! Hug it OUT!!! RT : Did you see it's also national "hug a newsperson" day?! :)
Nice lunch w/ Jeff Levy, #business coach @ The E Source and co-author of #makingthejump. Great #entrepreneurship insights cc
I'm just saying!
I know this lol
I'm sure you know exactly what I'm talking about.
Rihanna with a lil Sean-A-Paul moves lol
lol true but still
Lovingkindness practice. I've found my own name to be a reminder of inner worth, an invitation to presence, an inner temple.
Snow blizzard warning in effect since last night at 7:30 pm till.sat at 3 pm. Snowed alot. Total should be 24" man colorado is crazy
Lord give me strength..
on her birthday Keya's book will be released. There will be more plain truth in that than any previous..and it will get >>
Your car needs a pre-game stretch before you #ThunderUp. Call us, and we'll come to you!
I love good music!!!!!!
we love the hoes
I'm gonna make damn sure that you can't ever leave. No, you won't ever get too far from me.
What would Jesus say to Homosexuals today? The same thing he would say to Heterosexuals. Turn from sin (any sin), repent, & come to me.
#Indians traded Aaron #Laffey to the #Mariners for infielder Matt Lawson and cash
I may be BENT but not BROKEN, everything happens for a reason.
aw shit Robyn I might have to beat u down hahaha
This just in: An admiral from the Navy will be speaking at our club during the Sailabration. We'll let you know who and when.
Amazing day! Thanks to PTA advocates for lending time, talent, and VOICE to fight for kids. Can't wait for tomorrow!
#Newplay HiveMind: What are all the alternative models for supporting work and career? List 'em & include what already listed
I really wish I was at the beach right now!
Appreciate that! Good or bad feedback welcomed! Thanks!
So Obama loves homo's and Romney beat one up on high school?? Lmao oh my God this is gonna be the funniest election ever!!
Stoked for the refreshed to launch November 3rd! We heard that the new site looks fab!
this is tha carter, tha carter 3, the new testament, and i'm the god, and this is what i bless em wit
I'm glad that I'm not the only one that plays their guitar on the floor sitting crisscross :)
I'm about to take a nap, I'll sleep an extra hour for you ;)
LOL Bert: "Already?" to Roger's announcement.
Your cute(;
I knew the Heath Bell slide reminded me of the movie Angels in the Outfield when the crazy pitcher had his trademark slide into the mound.
Online dating sites for dogs are now available. What's next sex toys for dogs it's an inflatable mailman's leg
That would be awesome too! Not sure how that would work though.
#dsoc #sla2011 other polling sources- roper center, Polling the Nations, pew res center 4 people & the press
Microsoft is notorious for it. RT : "Bloatware". New term to me.
"You play the game to win"- Herman Edwards (2002, Jets head coach) Hey Norv why do ur boys play?
Lmao im sorry! RT : Shout out to , i am now scarred for life ... It will never be the same. 😳
Yup! It really stings.
it locked u out from over tweeting on the other acct?
pretty good. about to do some shovelling:)
hey buddy
Get his cholesterol checked.
“: Won my first amateur mma title! 6-2!” congrats buddy
This is one of those night I need a somebody to cuddle with. Taking applications.
Thought I was the only one who needed pump music!
Ira Glass this weekend!!!
Haha, thanks. I totally feel you on the not hungry thing. It was too hot to eat when I got up this morning, so I had fruit.
15 page paper, 40 page paper, 6-8 page paper, 9 page paper. Peace out, #sociallife, I'll miss you for the next two weeks.
Are you trying to live through me?
listening to <3
I am thinking about getting a Mercedes-Benz A 200 CDi for a new car!
Awrrite Bet I'm kill it
I look at you and ask myself, how did i get so lucky?
Sure romney is electable. Sure Gingrich is electable. Sure Huntsman is electable. But can they really beat Obama?
Haha RT : You broads are getting pretty hysterical about this "War on Women" shit.
I think it's a demonstration of real strength that Boehner has put a Kleenex box next to his big gavel. <snicker>
I agree DW
#Moody, The Four Fingers of Death. Hilariously overwritten B horror novel about Mars, cryogenics, a talking chimp & a crawling hand of doom
i dont have any videos. but i can email you a song. whats your eamil?
Hope they make a lot of progress!
Forch on Your Porch at Trabant Coffee in the UDistrict tonight at 7pm! Stop by if you are in the neighborhood!
Night all...
Here at work, bored out of my damn mind.
NICE!!! Good call man
Random being nice
as asks: how is it that, post Star Trek, Chris pine has no career but Hemsworth (who played his dad for 45 seconds) has 1?
no I'm not. Sowwy I got distracted!
Are there any centralized events for Friday?
When you feel like you're drowning in life, don't worry because your lifeguard walks on water.
all i had 4 breakfast was a L
At movies seeing change up plan
Met a drag "icon" tonight #brrrpt!
Gotta pee
how you been.cunada? C;
Captain America sleeps for almost 70 years and all I can think of is how he didn't get pressure ulcers
Watching Da Vinci episode of #decoded. How cool that he inspired the Batman wing?!?!
Arizona allows people to carry concealed weapons. How did he get his gun and what pushed him to commit such an unspeakable and cowardly act.
I'm trying to get it on the band page :/ but it's not working
FINALLY Nunez does something good!
so glad you finally have a twatter
Dont forget: If you are coming to the concert tonight at , bring a NEW Bible to donate to the
love the new avi
soo im watching icarly and oh yea nothing like random dancing to get your blood pumping lol
About to finish a shirt design for !! Should i post it up?? or Should i wait?? hm..
your welcome! Thank u for the ride to the roof!
Downtown acting a Fool
Just tapped Captain Sig's Northwestern Ale
