Today was a depressing day, but I got threw it thanks to god
Just got into an accident. Just my luck.
"Keep your faith in all beautiful things; in the sun when it is hidden, in the Spring when it is gone."
I swear I be missing my husband everytime we don't talk : /
You'll know it's a good show when I can tweet between the songs...
earn money from home: grab your ebook to earn daily $150 or more from my blog
So Motionless In White is going to be at warped tour this year!!! Are any of you guys fans? I am! -Jordan Meyer(Biersack)-
tatoos, dimples on my face, height (being 6"4 ain't easy nowadays) and a broken heart......
pls rank flex non ppr Stewart, t jones, steve johnson, lynch, v jax. Thanks!
That looks very ordinary!
The Day Ahead: Limited Domestic Econ Leaves Greek Swap Deadline in Focus
I'm a roll-with-the-punches kind of girl, but I get all hinky over the Golden Corral chocolate fountain.
what was your fav part?
if you could be a boy for a day, what would you do during the day? (:
Thanks for following me! Happy Friday!
I can't read minds. I can't see through steel.
Wow I'm really feeling him.
I love doing shit like that on my own...NAT! I do like them though
Y can you see her thong “ Stone washed jeggings & a denim thong smh”
I Ain't Even Gone Wipe The Crust Out My Eyes lmaoo G Ima Text You First Thing!
what's bothering you baby?:/ if it's something I said/did tell me I'm sorry babe:/<3
I took my brothers hate off so he punched me then pushed me & said "your not in second grade!!" your the one who just flipped out over that
you too! lol....really bad this time of year bro...I stay strapped with it...lol
So a DJ from KEXP described Black Cherry Crush as Sexy, not a word usually attributed with Seattle bands but Sexy is Good and Good is Sexy!!
lol - i was intrigued enough to install in last night...never snapped a pic yet. time to uninstall.
I was asked to appear but couldn't make it. Gr8 segment tho. Did u c it?
Just finished watching #TheArtist. A brilliant and beautiful film! Congrats to and all involved! Go get yourself an Oscar!
smoke! Tomorrow you're gonna be in class, well if you even go, let's go smoke yajaira! Haha
Yes they are, site should be fully functioning very very soon and you will see more and be able to purchase.
Still up.... Sleep soon?
my birthday is tomorrow, and i have to work from 12-8... that gives me 3 hours between school and work to celebrate yay.
That awkward moment when a fat person has their shirt off...
just heard a radio commercial for a hank williams jr. concert
girls that wear dresses with the cut all the way up their hip ha >>>>>
aw you just made maa morning baebee!
I am not waiting on Obama--that's for sure.
where the wolfies at :D
did you and your girls have fun last night at the NFL Draft party at Bounce Sporting Club?
RT : 3 people tied for the lead at the British open means that I am not going to get anything accomplished til it's done.
You can see the bugs in her hair !! 👎 😖
now booking 2012 tour. Email us @ if you love us. Venues suggestions are good, house parties better
I just wished for: '"Why Won't You Just Tell Us the Answer?": Teaching Historical Thinking in Grades... via
Thanks for your RTs, good ppl!
Don't so much care what you think. I can like all of them and my QB. People oppose him to just be like that.
You'll have a blast! Go for it! You'll make some amazing new friends and enter into a whole new world! Rah Rah Rah! Go go go!
Only one sport enables a team to stay in its back yard for a full regular season and win a "national" (cough) championship: college football
You teach history, no? Shaky German better than no German! Shaky German for German-dept faculty? Uh.
RT : We don't need to turn every idea into a diamond, just the ones we want people to remember. --
RT : #UFC pay per view tonight. Starting now. No cover. PBR rodeo across the street
If I'm going to deal with traffic like this, I might as well be dealing with it in DC.
Tonight With any order receive a Free Medium Drink with any Burger or Wing Order
#paleo dinner: Leftover steak made into stir fry. Feeling like I need a tablespoon of almond butter for dessert!
9 weeks and 4 days . I can't wait till my little girl or boy is in my arms , it's going to be so precious !
Friday the 13th is when I get my foodstamps
are you still out partying right now??
Happy Birthday General :). your awesome, i love u nd hop ur day was fantastic
thanks for the RT
when did we decide as a society that mac n cheese is the greatest meal ever? lets face it y'all, the cheese comes in a box as powder :/ haha
*offline* deuce deuce.
Thanks for the follow! Good to see you Will miss it too.
thank you and same to you!
It's a great Monday morning! :))
Went hard at dance and got to see !! <3
the one where Garrett's going?
"Is that rain?" LOOK OUT YOUR GIANT ASS WINDOWS, ZOOEY!
Great catching up with you. A classy man and always a pleasure to work with. Let's stay in touch. Pays over your NFC
no should i
If she is not guilty does that mean that there is a child killer on the loose?
Laker fans always talk shit about Lebron after they win games "We almost got eliminated by weak ass Denver yo but Lebrons a pussy"
Same here!xoxo
Movie night, at my house, in two weeks(: having a scary movie marathon
If u ain't gonna do it right don't do it at all
you mentioned me babes
Alf is addicted to eating cotton.
Ha! Agreed.
We need to make an event out of it!
you don't even have to ask lol
Hope you get the wild card I heart you❤
bro my sub is extra dookie
Dude jeted down that court
You have to go! It's a special little place.
Wow, cousin. Talk about an early start.
It's New Year's Eve. I'm all about the babble!
I LOVE YOU!!!<3
. fund us so we can support their relief work by spreading the message of appropriate donations
sexy strange one though
we spend life away
Congrats to our newly elected PL Section officers! Co Chairs Brooke Mullican/Janet Walker, Vice Chair Jean Nichols, Secretary Pamela Wiggins
Thanks Hooligans :)
HOLIDAY FASHION TIP: Be creative incorporate a color besides red -- blue, purple, gold, silver...
U.S. Stocks skid Wednesday in second straight day of losses. #Dow drops 125 points. #Nasdaq falls 1.4%, #SP500 dips 1%.
it is unlikely, as we haven't made it there yet. soon, son. soon.
dude i swear there is a pregnancy epidemic going on. #damn !
You bet.
Unfollow this page it got hacked follow my new pagee now
yup. Didn't see that but he pitched the 10th.
John Mayer's new song 'Shadow Days' is 'farewell letter' to ex Jennifer Aniston - New York Daily News
Being thirsty is never attractive #Turn Off
Morning Rockstars! > Happiness depends more on the inward disposition of mind than on outward circumstances. - Benjamin Franklin
#Yessir im going to
For the 18th time this evening, I'm going to try to back away from my desk and rejoin the land of the living.
Pokemon Leaf Green, all day.
#TwoThingsIWant Strawberries & Crème Frappuccino and a KISS ! :) >>>>who can get me those??
Turned a 3.5 hour shift into a 5 hour shift.
A guy can wish can't he?
Hospital cafeteria breakfast soon. Prollly beter than gas station grub.
I'll be busy all day :/
I still haven't forgiven you from last week.
"Permanently focused. Learning while I'm going."
ok. that is really creepy. I'm sure it uses an algorithm of some sort from a database but I picked OBSCURE people.
go die.
Your story is AMAZING! Too bad you weren't on a Buddy Bike! ;-)
Braun hits 3 HR's and a Triple, yet continues to stroke off Kemp and not mention Braun on their MLB page. Not once.
can you play " Sweet Love " by !
does deja vu still mean that there is a glitch in the matrix?
haha I'm such a queer. I sent like 20 DMs so they were funny
Romans 10:17 (KJV) So then faith cometh by hearing, and hearing by the word of God.
ALSO FOLLOW THE REST OF OUR CREW
Bout to get this workout in then, get a haircut
Yum! Where do you live again? ;) RT : My neighbor just brought Mac and cheese and more wings.
Who knew the dead piranha around Missi Giove's neck was holding her stash??
do you see Royal leaving SD without a contract or will he sign?
So The Donald sat frozen, staring straight forward, like a wooden Duck. Wow the Duck got roasted. Roasted or Frozen he's now Donald Duck!
that looks adorable...And tasty!
Anyone have cardboard boxes to loan or donate?
Heading to our show :) can't wait to perform for everyone today:)
Good! You?
you seem in good spirits today darth
Payday Advance Loans-get Money Before Your Payday
": RT if you are a librarian with overdue books!" I'm a librarian's assistant with overdue books. #notashamed I am! I have FINES!
good luck ! Not that you need it though(:
Sometimes you have to forget what you feel in order to remember what you deserve.
YES! Love that they have recommendations/action items EVERYONE can use - not just talking about their own experiences
RT - Albert Young is apparently on his way to joining the Jacksonville Jaguars, per his twitter this morning.
Sick... But I'm at least getting great weight training in!!
love it!
Grizzly and Iceland Pure are also high-quality fish oils for your pet. Use liquid form and not capsules. Capsules are 4x more expensive.
please follow me? I love you!!! 😘
We're back from our holiday break today! Come visit us and see what we have in store (literally!) for the new year!
What? You think the Grand Pubah is going to leave his beloved USAFA??
thanks coach! Oak ridge is doing big things! "basketball programs" working together
You'll be fine! :-) The end of the week will be a lot better!
You are such a creep!
Its a miracle my beautiful girlfriend left the hospital 2day w/only minor injuries after getting hit by a guy going 90+ mph on new circle..
Followed:D
Awesome, take pictures and share! (:
meant to say McKinley already deleted my tweet.
heading to the Austin Women's Political Caucus.
GWBU is up 40% from our alert yesterday
I've never been happier to sit on a plane. Thank you are an angel with ratchet straps
You hit the big-time!
thank you! haha I hope so too ;)
looking forward to meet you at #sxsw. anywhere specific in the hilton?
You deserve to know how much I love you, you are worth it.
Fraid I do not have Skype
awesome... hope she recovers :-)
I decided to sleep during my lunch break & I regret it already cause I'm hungry than a mf
You'll miss me now that I'm gone.
Can't wait
Aight guys, I've sent a pitch for a new show on her network OWN. Let's see what she thinks. This could be BIG!!!
I haven't tried all of them, but I'm a big fan of Hartl's. Def recommend starting there.
Happy Thursday! Make sure you have the umbrella on hand today and then happy 70's next week! Watch the !
It says something about facebook's outlook that the only two options for its new chat feature are "learn more" and "try it now".
have got to hammer out the last 10 pgs of this new fiction piece today. Surprisingly a little sunshine might help.
Ready/needing/wanting summer and paseo and a frisbee
why don't you talk to me no more?!
i just picture him say "muthafucka"
qot into a fiqht with the table && it won.
- Biggest challenge is yet to come..Marketing strategy
good morning what up with a follow just a friendly hello
It is really an excited moment of life...
Understandable, but too bad we can't add a note for future researchers. Maybe I'll stick a note in our print vol.
Turns out I need a ball gown. Where the hell is my fairy godmother?
'PHISSY' not so much.
Drexel Dragons ‘Drexel Basketball Backboard ’ Pendant – 14KT Gold Jewelry
Ha ha. Noted. Thank you.
Excited to have completed Disney project!
Whoever follows me gets a HUGEE shoutout and a DM to to follow u!! Just tell me if u did!!<3
I came home with 10 loads of laundry.... 😳 sorry ma!
Charlotte, NC today! Waiting in the lobby to go to the Warped grounds... Its going to be crazy today!
damn Twitter... I almost believed you... See now I'm lying.
Jewelry & Metal Arts Club Jewelry Sale today and Tuesday 9am-2pm outside the Student Center. Profits support the SWC Jewelry Lab.
wow questionable call there...did Waltman have possession?
Good afternoon. Enjoying some down time over this holiday season. Looking forward to seeing Avatar this evening with the kids.
no worries! It's hard these days not to offend SOMEone! I do appreciate the knowledge. Hope I can remember it for future! LOL
holy shit!! that is literally the most incredible band i think ive ever heard of...im sure i would explode in sight of them
#itshardwhen no ones home and youre out of toilet paper...
Cano just never runs hard to first base.
where da fuq are you? also, creeped on your other videos && am loving these clips.
Great talking to my LB today. We teachers have to motivate one another.
I hope you take the time to look at my twitter long, it would mean a lot... and Justin, thank you again.... Happy Birthday <3
Thanks everyone who came out Thursday night, it was a great time. I think we kicked Bullshit's ass...
Im playing at the brick by brick in sd this thursday at 630 with my band..cruise out!!
Happy friday to you, man!
Stop right there that's exactly where I lost it. See that line well I never should have said.
I went downtown & whooped dat mail box ass dat fied on u last weekend cause we don't play dat shit
"Why isn't the keypad working? Maybe this is a Windows 7 bug." -my husband, sitting next to me, speaking of his work laptop....
Cant Stop Listening To Taylor Issues <3 (:
great!il check them out thanks :)
Class has started, to get an "A" n my class what would u do? Don't come to my class half stepin
When will or other quality #kdrama services besides give us iOS apps?
Meek Milly signing with Roc Nation... Another reason why Jay Z is one of the biggest cash cows in the music industry
what's up with that secret serum???? Whey and what else? Good stuff.
Stressed but blessed
Live at congo square. Love it.
Kill it brother #GOSPURSGO RT : Spurs v Clippers 930pm eastern...Game 1 of Round 2, TNT tune in...
Mitt Romney set in motion the Skynet bankruptcy.
thanks! I was confused as hell! I'll be there man! Chitown
Any type of brand integration will enjoy a bigger bang when it’s socially activated.
The CD Release was a HUGE success!! Thanks to all of my fans, family and friends!!
I can't sleep with socks on, I don't know how people do it. MY FEET MUST BREATHE.
Thanks for the follow , , , , and
lol I need to b there wit ya
Thanks for stopping in ! How was everything?
Okay, social media overdose. Time to spin it down
The Silk Tie likes Michael!
lol I do that too
Searching for Network Programmers looking to join a A Seattle based studio. Ping me -
RT : to the bears haha WOW. Back with his BFF."
Only if you want to suffer the pain and heartache of humiliation and rejection!
Cute runners. If only my MT814ATs came that way.
Cleaning my apartment 45min before the maid service gets here. This always reminds me how shameful & dysfunctional of a human I am.
we just observed history this afternoon in the NBA.. great game! i got to say i was losing hope at the end of the 3rd. #BROY was amazing
The State Police have barracks on Martha's Vineyard? Or did they come over on the ferry?
He will be publishing a version in AIR, I am happy to report!
Had a 5year old tell me today ...ain't today Saturday...I sad yes ...he said o ya yall go dumb on Saturday's ....all I could do is lol
Stopped at 500 since prior version was a Twitter List, which is capped at 500.
We Never Talk On Phone, Yet We Are So Close :) #Snowflake .
Size 12 Is Not Fat is a blast to read.
who needs a television when you have crazy neighbor drama happening right outside your window
agreed! And I think best dressed!
I feel your pain: years of phone anxiety are embedded in my psyche.
"Great thing about mod_rewrite: all the configurability/flexibility of Sendmail. Downside: all the configurability/flexibility of Sendmail."
OH in VGW chat room: "Diablo 3 beta is up and includes Macs. How do I play" | "Click on things till they die. Pick up stuff. Click again"
Hi love! Doin great! keepin busy! Miss Usa is around the corner! ahh I cant wait! How are you?
Sound libraries are a ridiculous sometimes. Yes, I too can press keys on a synthesizer.
Very cool, thanks! I think I'll have students read the code as an exercise.
bob dylan
haha oh. How old r u now
thanks! Sorry, I thought I included you on the email when I left.
When auto correct puts shot instead of shit <
do you have a link? I wanna use it on my radio show Monday morning!
lmao yikes, I'm scared! ;-) or intrigued
Out of the 5 girls on the bar, all of them have great asses.
I love being back in NYC! Amel Larrieux concert tonight. Woo hoo!!
anotha restless/ sleepless night.
I wish someone would come over & keep me company while i babysit this lil rascal. lol
This is my summer.. #Guaranteed, I'm gunna grind my fucking ass off man! There's too much motivation in front me right now!
thanks buddy, I'll text you tomorrow, it's going to be a LONG day
I'm interested in how one might achieve a synthesis between principles of the Buddha and real Christianity... Monasticism? Perhaps..
lmao!!!! You are a mess!
Working at the Cracker today! Gotta get my ass out of Sheboygan and back to the city in which I work....
Why am I still tweeting..
haha! She looks all innocent and shit, too. Im snickering to myself over here
Life is not waiting for an ACE-Life is playing the hand you were dealt- InSpotter app
Glad you are back! RT : reformer class ! back in the saddle; hadn't taken Pilates in a couple of weeks
Thanks to everyone who followed us back!
LA's is using mobile tech to give day laborers & domestic workers platform to tell their stories.
We are open tonight - the Sunday 4:30 Hot w/ Bethany and the 7:oo Tibetan Sound Immersion are on. I'll post here by 8 am with Mon. updates!
maybe there will have been a mixup at the archive factory last night and all my documents will now be wacky and chocolate dipped.
Kanye is not so good at sincerity. I guess because he still makes it too much about him, even when he has a good gesture. (re: 2008 grammys)
follow me on viddy natalieeerose_ ill follow back :)
Well the evidince is gone
Pretty sure your not suppose to be 20 years old with a son living with your parents and younger sister, but hey I didn't fuck up my life..
You don't marry someone you can live with - you marry the person who you cannot live without. ~ Unknown
i love you more
Do any of you live in Oregon?!
we wish you could be here too!
Wow, still stuffed the morning after my wife's birthday dinner!
Tomorrow is the day we take to really sit and give thanks for all the things we have, make sure you spend it with the people you love most
yeah, get back to work
They keep feeding actual over wrestlers to Clay, that what really sucks!
High school journalism teachers: Do you teach 'literary' journalism or long-form, narrative journalism?
90% of websites are crap! Learning how to be the 10% from
is everything ok over there?
May God comfort you to know that he listens to everything on your mind and is already planning how he will ease your troubled mind. -PMJ
says visualization isn't enough "control panels are half the #DataViz story"
So having a good bday cant wait till I go to flordia
i'm in facebook
Hey Canada - how about two out three? ;)
"Bitches can call bitches bitches."
my mom is not entirely convinced that the catnip is effective on cats. She is convinced, however, that the squirrels love it..
We will be live-tweeting excerpts from tmrw's events with the Congressional French Caucus, re: #nuclear waste. Watch this space for more!
classic as always.
Toilet paper commercials make it seem like I'd be cuddling and playing with that shit.
when are you ustreaming? :)
fascinating Romney prep-school story. Read like a YA novel.
Everytime I hear HAM Session and says " I'm scary" I laugh.
Hope all is well Peter! Its been awhile. I have more #GreenRiver with your name on it here.
real shit I need a girl in my life like she badder then a 3yr old & she know how to hold her man down..... You the 💩 ma
Hey, you want to go on a photo adventure with me? I'm determined to get pics at New Jackson Hotel.
#Indians v #White Sox game tonight --starting pitchers: McAllister for the Tribe & Axelrox for the Sox
miss u to cuzo
haha oh true...im getting my hours changed
Successfully did my 14 mile bike commute with my PowerCranks! Clipping in on start after stops at red lights was the hardest part.
Thanks! If you are in LA, come see it! xo
Wears jeans twice in a row no one cares, wear a shirt twice and your suddenly a poor homeless freak in everyones eyes
so true. I was hoping you would say it was a joke...
but leftover sweet potatoes were practically made for plastic forks.
It was a pleasure to meet all of you! I am honored to have had the privilege to speak and tell my story. Thanks!
Is Art Basel pronounced Art BAH-zl or Art Bazzle?
Just finished watching tonight's ep of #GameOfThrones and the ending was beyond disturbing. Waiting until next week is gonna suck!
I have 7 minutes to get dressed, pack my stuff, and make tea.
there will be a T&P element to it that faculty could use. It will measure both quality & quantity of participation
In the studio wit DJ Loui and Trey!! (not beatz)
#1DFollowWE1DIRECTIONERS gotta get those tickets
OMG yeah Of course :) you can use everything you want when I tweet you :D and u don't have to credit me ;)
shes evil lol trust me she's mad at me now cause i just woke her out of her slumber. Cause she was in the way.
Rest in peace Bella! We will miss you!!! :'(
hoping to encourage eating of arugula by daughter by referring to it as "wild italian green, called rocket". plus goat sausage and spuds
I saw #AmericanReunion last night, I would say if you liked the other American Pie movies, go see this one. You won't be disappointed.
Thanks to everyone who came out to Viva la Vida fest last weekend! We thought it was a great success.... what did you think?
Roberta Flack on Kevin Costner to CNN, "they let Whitey speak at Whitney's funeral."
Check it out: just joined Twitter.
I would argue that "working longer" doesn't always mean "working harder."
Job opening for Flash designer, must be good;
Because of you i play on the safe side so i dont get hurt.
Sheesh I can't catch a break. Gardner, Ellsbury, Morse and now Jennigns all on my DL.
thanks for the RT!
you alive princess?
wheres the link?
Two martinis and I'm shnockered. Got to work on building up tolerance before archives conference season.
each and every one!! No film, all interviews. Poise, humor, voice. Dopelganger.
There is no greater feeling in the world than progress and getting goals accomplished.
#WeAllNeed to Keep Positive People In our Circle In Order To Achieve Greatness
If you could only see you the way others do........:-) Not using a To Do list each day is like taking a long trip w/no GPS. Easy 2 get lost.
I dont have windows to open, but I do have a balcony off our staff lounge. I am more productive there in nice weather.
i notice effort trust me
Back to the beach.
I'm exhausted a nap and then more studying.
- Welcome! Can't wait till your site launches! Thanks for following! Robin Lynch Aerialist
u been in America to long to be fucking up on complete sentences.
Bear, ball, duck, dog, cat.
Haha If only congress would spend as much time on understanding the ramifications of a bill as they do thinking up its acronym
yes to #VMworld12 not entirely sure about #Synergy :)
aww thanks for checking on me luv!
#Hope affects our lives with either its abundance or its abandonment....
she's always been more of a possession receiver.
Late to school.. but who cares? Only 2 and a half days left
follow me plz plz follow me
sounds delicious!
#PatriotsLockerRoomPlaylist put a ring on it
yeah whatever dude
Cheesy pickup line of the day! Tell this to your gf,wife or to any beautiful girl.Damn, if being sexy was a crime youd be guilty as charged!
Avoid spray paints, most of which are solvent based. Use paintbrushes and rollers instead.
Man fuck these bitch ass nigguhs ;*
I didn't think it was gonna be this hot today.
Why is all the interesting Schelling scholarship written in German?
He's trying to revive his career by freeloading off others tweets.
I WOULD. I WOULD GO RIGHT NOW. COME TO TEXAS. c:
Rock Bottom Brewery : Lunch- patio, river, riverwalk, great beer, great food. Try the summer special Turkey Burger!!
Did you get my email with my resume that was not attached to the first email?
Shyne Calls Himself a 'Legend,' Diddy His 'Brother' & Speaks on 'Gangland' LP
love the
Your children will grow up in a world without a keyboard & mouse -- AND so will you! #soslam The movement is already happening...
An superb Vw car dealership in Phoenix let you obtain the fastest ...
Bout to go out to Joyce Leslie and Khols with and Christine bbl <333
Thanks, Brittan! I also saw on your blog that you have a jobster? Can't wait to hear more about it! <3
Happy Thanksgiving(:
oh, you're the real shizz now! my response to your last tweet just put me at 100 tweets from
Good luck with the ideas!
#AlexIsATrueGentleMan This is so true (: ♥
Landslide by Fleetmac
you didn't eat fries did you?!
Well he's a bad boy, but it feels good though.
going to the mall today ig
did really have a baby?
Expats, by Chris Pavone. spy thriller taking place in Luxembourg, not my usual thing, but I lived in Lux in college!
I'm awake! Mostly reading election results in NOLA. Some upsets in yesterday's election...
Feeling under the weather ...blah
DC Start Up Weekend at Georgetown U as a mentor to teams. Check out
Lurve you too woman
Chris Davis single to right drives in 2 runs with a throw to the plate too late!! 9-0
Who knew anyone liked the Pirates until ESPN decided to give them as much coverage as they possibly could
BART, BART, BART! Why did you go and do something like that, BART? Huh, BART, huh, huh, why?
At the Myd for men's vball. How could the Hawaii team be so pale??
Needs summo followers
What do you call someone in the White House who is honest, ethical, intellectual, law abiding, and truthful? A tourist.
loving the winter party pool party in south beach.
#Huguely jury is sent out to decide how to proceed. Judge says he could stay until 10pm.
Sometimes I would like to ram a pitchfork up my neighbor's ass. In other words,
no, they'll go higher
The MAB Public Art Subcommittee meets today at 3pm - City Hall, Rm 303 w/special guest The Arts Board meets at 4pm - Rm 301A.
Hey, my friend has this cat...and it makes too much noise all the time! God, I wish there was a product for that. Any advice?
“: The planet uses 300 billion paper cups a year, 200 billion in the US! Big changes from redesigning one cup!”
#3DAYS TILL BOYFRIEND!!(:
We just submitted a new client proposal. Looking fwd to partnering with some great organizations in 2012.
Some flights cancelled at O'Hare after hail-damaged planes grounded in Dallas. No Southwest planes damaged. Go online/call if flying today!
Question? What do you think of the Mall? We just added a Chaturbate 100% Free link in Stores section of the Mall. Tell us what you think:)
can't tonight have prior obligations
iknoww huh lol how you been, what classed you taking?
I did something I wasn't supposed to do today and thought of you. :)
what about mom?
So I'm...Pururun? (Thanks, Wikipedia!)
Please follow us on Twitter for our real time Stats and Updates
<-- Never had a flu shot. Never had the flu, either.
On my way! #SHRM RT Looking forward to hearing tomorrow speak about
Mother nature must be bipolar cause this weather is retarded..
i really want to hurry up and get to my 4,000 tweet already sheesh!
Watching my girl at gymnastics practice awesome!
Aww Thank you! :]] and followed!
Thanks for the tweet friends! This is quite an interesting concept.
Merry Christmas y'all!
also* oops.. Haha
Seeing all these great pics of IMATS all day...awesome! Can't wait to go tomorrow!!! Keep them coming!!
me either, it takes time.
lol yeah for sure, whenever just hmu
I go hard So hard !
n 3 n
I liked Colloquy
Watched Limitless last time in Calculus class, now we're watching Insidious. I wanna watch Inception next !!
Both. Then again, my high school was overseas so it's always something I mention.
omg may go lol!!;)
Miss u mom
Zac brown band tonight? That's a possibility!
I eat peppis waayyy to much now
I wanna go home.. dammit!
Hey I just met you and this is crazy but heres my number so call me maybe(;
"Alcohol, it fuels the desire but kills the performance"... Not necessarily sure I agree but I kinda like the quote.
Thats what I'm saying!!!!
vampires? Or Puritans?
"Goldfarb looks at the early signs and first tremors that announce the birth of a better world" #Reinventing #Political #Culture, out...
FADE IN: <film flicker> g gah <flare> gllliii tchhhh h <light leak> edit i in g <light leak> FADE OUT:
thank you for the mention! Have a great day :)
Happy easter!!! :)
“: can't fkn wait” we're ready for you to rip it sat may 19
what the hell?
Getting ready to head out to trio me an the queen
=] are u still at the venue?
Pretty lights just signed on for freepress!
3 Rat City Roller Girls detoxed with us last year. Come on back ladies - 'tis the season! Call in for a special rate for repeat detoxers!
Thanks! Hoping to order within the next week or so - think they can help me out if I ask at the store now?
Hey I'm a little drunk on you and high on summertime
Your allusions are horrible and strange.
well said
Happy Cinco de Mayo!
When u think differently on how to leverage sm, it opens the possibilities
they both leaving to start their own project up
Macaroni? More like Smacaroni. You woulda been all over that Helper.
I tried splitting myself in two but it didn't work out so well :)
Formal education will make you a living. Self-education will make you a fortune.
is that kim?
that wasn't the dreads. That was because of what u did after u woke up! Lol.
i haven't ate all day, and i'm debating if i should or not; i could get drunk a lot faster.
S/o to for hooking it up with a drink at lunch
Person familiar with move confirms that #Jets have signed K Josh Brown, giving Nick Folk some camp competition.
I certainly don't!
Penalty shot... this should be interesting...
A great week again. A challenging week, but a great week. Bring it on Tucson, call us with all your problems. We are a can do alarm company.
Gas Works Park in Seattle gets gorgeous paint job- Rich Haag's work shines again for the beauty it is! Thanks to all who made it happen.
Home after a great 3 days at mom's. It was good to see everyone, but it was also good to get home and curl up with my baby and the dog.
really hoping to rock the showcase in NYC this year! good looks to for consistent;y providing opportunities.
I agree! >> RT Thought MIP was beautifully shot and lit. Awful script. A waste of Cotillard.
that feeling is honestly the worst!
I'm mentioning you as someone worth following, so my #EBUS118 students will be able to see that for themselves!
Sucker is code. RT: just choked on my sucker.
If is a good example of the people you know, I can see why.
the best listeners will end up the smartest-Charlene Li and Josh Bernoff
what's the right lane for?
i just pulled the trigger.. finally
meant Kraft Fight Hunger Bowl, but you get the point.
RT : Idea: have a classroom of people tweeting to create a collective set of notes that could be compiled. Your thoughts?
of course you had to ruin it while calling me a loser
Boston-Edison neighborhood, Hines Dr, E Jefferson/Lakeshore
r u changing ur plans today b/c of incoming snow? give us a shout before 5am-- we'll post responses on our 4:25am newscast!
I find my peace 2night and understanding more n more, what's meant 2 b, will b...
Disappointed with the last few versions of WP.
#iAlwaysWonderedWhy LA has some many basketball teams !??!
Friendship is like peeing on yourself: everyone can see it, but only you get the warm feeling that it brings.
Rape is not about sex. Rape is about forcing one's power and control over another person to humiliate and degrade!
Woo I guess so! :D
naturally! I loved school dances.
feeling nostalgic for a video of just 30 days ago. just goes to show how fast things are moving theses days.
Happy birthday Theta Omicron chapter, installed at Massachusetts Institute of Technology on April 26, 1986!
One of those lovely morning where my body unnaturally decides to rise @ 6am....#coffeetime Preppin for my afternoon audition!!
preciate it.. followed back
Do you have a special look planned for your Valentine's date? If you need any help, don't be afraid to give us a call!
Is it some sort of oxymoron for politicos to complain about having to work on President's Day?
I just got Tweetdeck for Chrome. Well...that's about the opposite of productivity.
all current and former UMW #ds106 students, let your friends and enemies know that #ds106 is coming to summer session. 10 weeks, all online!
I could get used to having a crappy website!
Ayye good morning
You're welcome sweetie
Is it time to release Pat Riley from his carbonite freeze?
I love the lines and contours and sounds of streetcars of all eras - these 50s jobbies have a submarine quality to them that I find alluring
how is NYC?
House IS open tonight and the show will go on. It's just that the phone line is down.
I know that, just feel bad about you having problem.
I def would!! Except in underwear ads.
Class of 2012 dont leave me...
The Arnold Fitness Expo is like the gorilla exhibit at the zoo if all of them were wearing Affliction t shirts.
Falling way back from now on
If someone wants to buy me Anthony Green tickets for June I would love you forever.
You inspire me soo much, thank you for everything you do.<3 6
Could I get a shout out and a follow for a birthday present please? My birthday is May 19! I Am A Huge Fan Of You And The Boyz!
Calling on Ky Rep Chandler, and others.No cuts to the programs that provide a lifeline for people in need.
Thanks for a great webinar today! Learned a ton!
Loves that all my fears and worries go away just from the sound of your voice.
Lol wtf they're playing yonkers at the clippers game
I'm really frickin tired, ugh. I don't want to go to church. /:
aww I love you too and it's ok we'll get through it together and I feel the same way!!!
He did more for the game than you could ever imagine. Al Davis... JUST WIN BABY!
If you say no to racism and encourage your children to make friendships across racial lines, you can make a difference in one generation.
Its either do business with vultures or deal with unemployment
Ready to see you kill it on the field this year.
I'm at Wing Bowl. (looks at list) Check.
Omw to #Work about to bus out 12 or 13 hours today
What a great day! I mean, the sun was one thing but everyone who came in was so HAPPY! Cupcakes + sunshine = love....
This guy was a huge fan of so the brand sent him a birthday box with a bunch of presents, giftcard, etc.
FREE anything at walmart! , www.downow.info watch to end, then enroll www.dowsite.info I supply 125 leads a week, my info is on the site
I should have went to the PALACE tonight MAN!!!
#UseATwitterNameInASentence is best friend but he dnt fuk wit me no more :-(
In DC w/ fellow grad student leaders about to meet w/ #WhiteHouse staffers on #gradschoolproblems. Man, I've missed this town.
In his defense, Dove Valley is in kind of a weird location. RT : Broncos say QB Tim Tebow has finally found the complex.
": It's not fair how you take advantage of the fact that i love you."
When guys my age call 14 yr old girls beautiful... Uh
I can honestly say, "I'm pooped!"
Rainbow Co-op Market should have some. 1745 Folsom St. Whole Foods Potrero Hills should also. 450 Rhode Island St.
never mind looks like a problem with the UPS not your service.
lol you're a horrible bestfriend.
Pretty lame that you can "draft" a review on the app but you can't post it.
First day of work went great. met a New friend and we both were put on as full time staff. :-) ayye lol
Today's an off day for me. Either that or everyone else is off.
if I do that and you don't show I will pay dearly! How about we see you if you come back to Pittsburgh! Coming anytime soon?
dear SNL , when is one direction gonna host ? love , the world.
It's another great day. The Almighty contours to smile on all of us, even me.
and NEVER GRADUATE
i love you so much Enjoy Your Day!! happybirthdayjanet
Considering a short sale....better get it done by the end of the year....call me for info
Sure wish I was in #Houston2012 right now watching this race. All of you twitterers are doing a great job, though, keeping me updated.
20 MORE MINUTES AND IM OFF TUMBLR POST LIMIT jsnjnshjah finally shit
Morning wood, need to cum, so watching gay porn. Wish I had a real muscleman with me right now.
Watching huBz play black ops is getting boring Z
trying to recover from 6 weeks out of the country.
will be selling at the Flea this holiday season!
I would do something like <life> on one wrist and </life> on the other, haha
Thinking back on it.. I read The Handmaid's Tale by Margaret Atwood at a "too young" age. Such a dark book.
I want you to want me.
At the Grad Resource Center for a presentation on EndNote. How do you manage citations? Come on over.
Nothing better than snuggling with a cuddly furry puppy on a cold rainy night!!!!!!
Yes!! RT : Anyone else tired of hearing about Peyton Manning??
Rejected. I just wanna crawl into a hole now.
MSU Vocal Jazz Ensemble with Sunny Wilkinson Thursday, March 31; 7pm at P2 in Old Town its farewell performance
omg well when you do don't buy a kitten without me. And you should live in Uptown, obviously.
So over this morning
Hey! Enjoying the gorgeous spring here in DC. How are things in Ohio?
Well that was an utterly bizarre & completely terrifying dream. *starts writing it down*
One Day You Will Notice All My Tweets And Finnally Follow Me ... Cmon Please? Help A Mahomie Out <3 FOLLOW PELASE? <3 <3
It's bad luck to be superstitious.
going to school. peace!
I also misspelled, misspelled, until just right now too, big learning day for me
Where can I read more about this?
in school almost done! Hbu?!(:
Worse #pandora commercial: Prof Burk gimmick from Univ of Farmers (Insurance) or the Inventions dude with the receding hairline?
Today's the day for you to Be Great, Be Inspirational, Be Extraordinary, and most of all
how is everyones weekend going!? (: my spring break is almost over ):
Maybe I'll see you at the game!
heard the #sfgiants might be interested in the Prince Fielder after all...
So what is the role of educators in cultivating mindfulness? How/when/where does it happen in academe?
Coming up on #nightbeat...latest details on Clayton Co. schools decision not to cut athletics and fine arts + reaction from students.
Step it up a notch Detroit!
Z. Frank talking about developing "window" of action in plays for data analysis . . . 10 speeches per window
hey, your the only whore bag I want.
Check your phone!!!!!!
hahahaha yeah I've gotten Pam Grier a few times..its the nose! Lmbo!
Looked up Western Sky Financial today. APR of 342.86% on a $850* loan. *Includes loan fee of $350, borrower really only gets $500.
Ben Folds rocks it.
Just want to be playing guitar right now.... School is such a bummer....
Ah lmao RT : lmao I heard there's a 2pac feature on that one.
When ordering e-liquid, don't forget to compare bottle sizes with pricing. Many offer liquids for $8 but you only get 7ml (over $1 per ml)
Tweeting from my wii swagg.
Pat Robertson just walked by. He is older than thought, stooped. Got a cheer from one and waved in reply.
Those Japanese know good humor...although that was the best Cyndi Lauper impersonator I've heard in years.
go get em, big boi... All of Milwaukee's behind you!
This is crazy, but I trust you... ♥
Congrats to Philip Humber!
My parents just got home with Chinese.
3.5hrs in OHSU ER: I have never waited this long and it's unfortunate it had to be this visit... If you need an ER in PDX:
SWEET! Hey what's the best way to chat? Want to email me? OR call me at 858-573-6500
JUST A REMINDER! NM GUNS WILL BE AT THE GUN SHOW ON THE NM STATE FAIRGROUNDS AT THE MANUEL LUJAN BUILDING THE 12TH & 13TH. SEE YOU THERE!
dats my intimidation face...
Sox just announced 72' Throwbacks (Red Pinstripes) for all Sunday Home games
what happen hun
airplay? Really? Cool, thanks!
Lol. RT : Ok the bobble head dolls are creepy. WTF.
One Direction is so AMAZING!
yes, bobby mcboyboobs
See you on the other side Uncle Zay - if I'm fortunate enough. I miss you already.
Good luck!
In America, online consumers will google "motorcycle tires"; however, in the UK they would type in "motorcycle tyres".
HAPPY MOTHERS DAY!!
RT : People are right to be angry. But it is also right to be worried about where populism could take politics...
on the bright side...it's the last day of classes!
Made it back from Savannah in time for another Go-See. Getting ready for event weekend no. 21!
TRIBEFEST in Vegas & attendees make sure 2 check out Gift of Life booth here & register to build the list of transplant donors 2 save lives!
what???? I don't think I can do that!
Oh hey caffeine addiction. Thanks to finals we're reacquainted. Did not miss you at all
I'm Red
10 weekcs later, and I proudly proclaim... "to hell with math". Glad I passed... now it. Can kiss my ass...
haha CANT WAIT....its the best summer!
Someone made me want to go to the fair and get on the zipper :( i cry
#MixedRaceProblems , People Think Juss Cuz Our Hair Is Good, It Can't Ever Get Nappy. Yes It Can.
And my fucking headache starts now this lady gets on my last fucking nerves
Ill be in Boston for marathon monday but until then no immediate plans to be up in the NE...hopefully that'll change though
Dang it, Dang it, Dang it
Teens: Bloomfield performs @ tomorrow's Coffee House. It's FREE! Open 7-11pm, show @ 8:30. 311 S. Madison. BE THERE! ;)
Played 10/25 cash last night. Lots of good young players. Game wasn't good but haven't played it in a while so not sure how it usually is.
Blackouts of Fox covered weekend games really decreases the value of You'll want to consider that before subscribing.
Were sorry to hear that! You should check us out, we are here to help in time of burglary!
Awesome work, all around! I needed my soul fed! :)
In celebration of International Women's Day, I have decided to cook tonight.
thanks for the follow!
you already know boo :)
I dont talk to you anymore for many reasons!
Yelp is funny.
congrats to , getting a well deserved diploma tomorrow
i just wanna say #HappyMothersDay t all the mother out there especially the single ones
Btw that's the sound of the red sox bullpen coughing up ANOTHER game
want some company or you just riding around your neighborhood
How many jobs does Ryan Seacrest have? Lmfao I feel like he's a million different people with 94873458237457236 jobs!
I don't care what anybody says, but I love Journey and Def Leppard.
i was thinking of you when i hear about this session. Glad u could be there
Thank you god always -> Tyga.
PET OWNERS, I have a question. In case of a nuclear evacuation, I heard all pets are to be left behind. Is that true??
inFamous for the PS3 is "Grand Theft: The Force Unleashed"
In 5-10 years those guys will charge top dollar for their services.
Coronary artery disease occurs when plaque builds up in the arteries that supply blood to the heart. #FACT #WomensHealthWeek May 13-19
Prep Jerks Spring/Summer 2012 “Another Brand we LOVE” « Vivid ...
A child miseducated is a child lost. -John F. Kennedy
Did he say "nipple to nipple"? Made me blush.
Premiere information being released soon. Stay tuned.
Josh Satin might get the call!!
#Mostinappropriatethingssaid2me I would drink your dirty bath water
I can't.....YOU SHOULD DO A CONCERT IN VEGAS!!!:) AND WILL YOU ANSWER MY QUESTION TO ARE U SIGNED??????:)
Noma cookbook = most amazing food porn
lol, mom didn't entirely agree. But oh well.
smh no its not stop lying to yourself
Like & Smile.. one by one
Cant sleep !
I'm indulging myself by reading 's Signs of the Zodiac book series. The first in the series is only .99 on
lol who said i was playin wit yu..? i dont play games or run games so i cant play wit yu haha.
Working w/ to produce all-weather SOAP Notebooks to monitor patient assessment and management. Stay tuned for more deets!
Brand new pimple on my face . Great
I don't think I've been through more bureaucratic red tape than for moving a cat overseas.
Hey Jeremy. How's the Memphis house market?
Don't forget we are open Christmas Eve and Christmas Day!
You know what to do if the baby cries....
yes I followed u back
Ben Sollee is a hero of mine and plays on Natives and the Pass are a secret obsession of mine. Great list.
Fly For Free This sweet deal just in from our partner Alaska Airlines! Apply for the Alaska Airlines Visa Signature card and receive upon a…
hahahah nice typo...
Thank you for the kind words! I am glad you enjoyed the post!
Hugs. Thank you.
It depends on what race it is.
Chillin' at #WynnLasVegas! Our view of the strip is am-ah-zing!
Daniel Craig is a badass. #cowboys&aliens
Head is less shiny, tho
#605campus "...I wonder how we can effectively promote something we've never used." how true!
A guy was out fishing with his buudy. The friend asked you went fishing with your girl did you catch anything? He said I don't know yet.
am going see my cousin
Re-doing my Twitter, lol unfollowing everyone that shouldn't be there. Starting to like this more then facebook
Proof once again that these are some of the hippest librarians and technologists you'll ever meet. :) MT Yesh.
Running the Bellco Colfax 5K? Packet pickup is Friday, 5/18 at the Health and Fitness Expo, or on Sat, 5/19 - race day 7:30 in City Park.
Jeremy Lin is not playing... Why is UW here?!?!
Seems like you had one of the most amazing Wednesday's ever yesterday!
Networking and learning great combo at Sales & Marketing Society Feb 15 Luncheon Speaker Sheila Champlin UT Health Science Center...
great thanks. Big time fan. Keep up the great work!
HEARTS BLO DRY BAR!
One class today
Schilling: if ex-Catholic was a denomination, they would be 2nd largest in US. Could rethinking Cath Ed be a solution?
it's a 2007 model
oh god hehe x
In 2 minutes, I'm forever done with high school.
FINALLY.... I can see my Home Feed! Eureka!
RT : If you're planning to join us at TCF Bank Stadium for practice Saturday, the practice time has changed to Noon.
sometimes I do Counting Crows. Same thing. 1999-2001, August and everything after. Santiago canyon college.
Oh, Miss Tressler, I wish you only the best.
I love a girl with confidence
It's been so long since has UStream! Can't wait!
#GOPATS 13-10 now let's kick it into to gear we need a big second half!
<3 to ALL too!
When ur on facebook on ur ipod & ur scrolling up & it lags & u think u accidentally liked something but ur not sure what & now u wanna know
Mackintosh Joins CCH as EVP and GM of Tax
Just bought a polo duffle bag. #Chyeah 🐎⛳
did you use our one with austin mahone thats on your science binder LOL
Headed to Chick-fil-a to get me some chicken biscuit during 2nd period
"That was creepy," #140cuse Acknowledging what you said is creepy doesn't make it any less creepy. Sad, but true.
thanks “ Whipping up some of 's punch for MKE meeting!”
going to sleep now. (: thanks !!!
Adults in Hickman are so PETTY and STUPID!!!
Had a great session last night with my mentor, I learned some audition techniques for commericals- Enjoying the actor's life!
RT : Catch Ken & Colin and get your picture taken with the pedals ads to win a free sticker.
+ give students choice to be attributed as an author
exploring pottermore, nbd ;D
Can't wait to check out your website and resources. Glad to add you to my PLN!
You are angry. I once picked on Kordell stewart on twitter. He replied the same way. Id like to think you are the bigger man.
I've been avoiding hims for weeks
Sometimes the decisions made in this country truly disgust me.
totally! RT morning to you too. Creativity is definitely the best way to survive these gray Seattle days.
Charity Alert: has joined force w/ other Southport merchants. Donating 10% of sales to on March 31!
When people get someone's phone and say stupid shit...
Free Wine tasting on Thursday 4-6 PM! Raffles for Gift cards and bottles on wine. Complimentary hor dorves and cheeses! FUN FUN
mean to hhurt myself its just the way my body reacts even on medication it still reacts the same way
fo sho. We need to visit
RT : "And if I fail? I've never been afraid of that. I have other fears - doing bad work knowingly is the worst fear." -...
What do you use for iPhone tethering that doesn't mess with your voicemail?
Call me maybe?lol jk:p
Might as well tell the truth.. I probably know it anyway.
We're dropping some cool developments this week. Stay tuned.
#WTF what happen to Amy Winehouse??? damn man!
There are so many white presumably cis-men in this room right now. I'm going on a rant on Monday about inclusion in the music scene.
it's your birthday? Have a good one. I'm not sure the Louisville nightlife scene is ready for you tonight.
Me 2. Little things can be "crossed off" more easily. I think the trick is 2 break the big strategic things into little things
Never underestimate the POWER of a praying mom!
Thanks for the follow! My wife and I just married on Folly Beach on the 10th - we love Charleston!
Thank you :)
today is a good day
according to my life me and zayn will have beautiful babies that look just like him. thank you for your concern.
Its ya b-day tomorrow bruh??
Alan, thank you! It was good to see you and to be able to contribute. Take care, Rich
LOL It's not exactly what you think...check it out and let me know what you think.
gotta still go to dres house for my shit -.- ughh
Bring your kid to work day. 20+ kids just visited the Tech Dept. So cute and they asked such great questions. kids are smart these days.
I know!!! Same. As soon as we're both back we need to tear it up!
Edge water beach resort panama city beach fl I am on the way!
Lol Heck no. We gonna be out in the sun and ima get all black. Smh what you been up too tho?!
So happy for !! Glad things turned out for the best!!
Want to enter to win a one-on-one ride w/ ? Check out www.facebook.com/C2GoRideWLance
Just watched some of the worst NBA officiating I've ever seen. If I did MY job that bad, I'd be fucking fired.
Really like what you did with the Obama pic..
Lots of drama on the streets of NYC tonight
So could you follow my producer AMAZING talent ;) all 3 of us WILL take over music!
way to go young man i wish you many more keep up the good work! and don't drink too much irish beer!
right back at ya. :-) Thanks and keep in touch :-)
neither have I...lol
Would like to see my bestie--->
“: yes but I don't go on til 10ish tomorrow...is that too late for y'all? (no jokes) I'm 40 not 80 punk:)
the most fun kind of course!
Thank you Buffalo Bills! I can now do my happy dance at Mike Barney Nissan!
Excited to be listening to the I Heart My Biz call today!
Nice. i need to know what happens with max and Casey - you were killing me in the last book
The great pleasure in life is doing what people say you cannot do. – Walter Bagehot
Riding in a cab, with a driver on the phone, not hands-free.
Happy Tuesday! Going to see a new client tonight. Life is good:)
I'm going to get this tweeting thing if it's the last thing I do.
not when you play it all day and it stops your hustle!!!
#Pens power play sets up for 30-second intervals for the one perfect shot & that shot usually ends up not even going on net.
The big media corporations have been buying up a lot of the most popular websites - it's unfortunate
♥ is all you need
find our facebook page for group dinners, hotels and such! Looking forward to seeing you there!
different countries, different interests at different times; that year they used in the mag seems like they missed Kelly Kulick??
You're the best.
"To commit a crime, people have to think they can do it without getting caught. Well, cameras take that away." worth a second tweet
yup, we'll save a seat for you
Yo and I ran those BP tables last night lol
Yeah, it's a bummer. There were some great sites being considered for a new baseball-only park, but they all fell through :(
I never been so happy to complete a school year!
I got a heart yes from him c':
Hey - whatever happened to Jeremiah Wright?
This is the last week for you to get your name in for Own your row for Katy Perry..,
I think is awesome. We should talk.
RT If you have faith when you pray, you will be given whatever you ask for. -Matthew 21:22
triple t
u gotta pay me to be on my remixes cuzzo haha
LMKasprzak re: CMC -- voluntary commitment to excellence + demonstrated results + high professionalism (ethics and professionalism)
the best fighters of every era had the best defense and counter punches.
lol I could... If I liked it. Pepsi is my "drug" of choice. Can't drink red wine either. Very deprived lol
Why dont they just use a jet dryer? Oh, wait...
St.Pattys Day Party Gringos Chandler, Alma School just S.of Warner. admission is FREE, drink specials,Green Beer,DJ DBX...
#ChurchillDowns in May is paradise and hell all rolled into a single square mile.
Former Miss New Hampshire USA faces assault charge
Welcome back from #thanksgiving! We're a little late but uploading our #cybermonday deals. Do they count cos we're a #dailydeal site? ;)
I'm out of touch with the art world. I wish I knew some dope street artists, I want a big graf piece on canvas for my living room
Passing thru Logansport on the way to Lafayette makes me think of :)
Words Cant Bring me Down No Matter What They Say x3
ya it sounds pretty cool actually
I'm kinda thinking about something.
last full day
Thinking maybe I should try one of these "shamrock shakes" ..?
Where are some great places for brunch this Mother's Day?
A bit of foolish arguing this off-season, but at least we are past the re-branding griping.
creepy, next.
- You got my vote.
NOW NOW PLEASE DONT THINK THAT IM READY FOR HIM NOW NOT LATER I DONT LIKE BEING BIG FEET AND HANDS SWOLLEN SO MUCH
Off early this am baby
I already am following but thanx.
In a fuck everyone mood
G, we have to strategize when the three of us will be up the hill and have a dinner party! Bill, you in?
Robyn concert at Hollywood Bowl. Awesome seats ftw!
HHS delays implementation of ICD-10 coding system. And if you don't know what that means, consider yourself lucky!
5 seats left for #Blackbird if you can make it here in 45mins. In LA on a Friday night. Fly?
Uuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuggggghhhhhhhh. The next few days... will be torturous.
Ok for Christmas I would like a chipmunk... Preferably Theodore! Thanks Santa!
Yeah a little jealous of everyone that got their #Coachella shit today. Not gonna lie.
help me be Oprah tonight:)
I feel like we need to have " isn't leaving" on Twitter repeat.
Let's play Words With Friends. My username is 'angela3t'.
TORNADO WARNING FOR OUR AREA!!!! 😁
#lazyboy for sale in #Charlotte NC. $300 or b/o. #la-z-boy #furniture #sale #recliner. contact or myself
I like that. Life is a big DBQ. Now, craft your own beliefs with the evidence provided.
ROCKING THE MIC & GETTING STUPID!! This Wed! Apr11th! w/ & Say #BrownRiceComedy & UR in FREE!
I kno i didnt leave it nowhere.....i bet samiah had it...or dubaby....
To be an outstanding leader one must be able to take a back seat without losing control of the steering wheel. – O.A. Battista
u already know its #TeamBulls lol
are all your beats with the $9.99 special???
Them munchies creeping i'm slowly but surly
Again #Rizzles Sasha said she's NOT set to appear at ANY convention right now. They shoot #RizzoliandIsles til September so don't be fooled!
I was so sleepy that... I had to ... I had to drink COFFEE
its so hard to ask my mom something! im scared of the response "NO!" ;o
ill consider it
Let's see how NCAA handles Miami, PSU and S. Carolina. All 3 programs have infractions many times greater than OSU. On NCAA's clock/terms.
Believes those who meet psychological needs through inflicting suffering others are participating in evil; they are weak souls.
Jesus Christ josh
So this parade before the opener, im pretty stoked
OMG valley fair & mall if america todaaaah woo :D
1st big update (more to come): is now ! Make sure to use our new Twitter handle from now on!
I have a full weekend when they are going but I'll be out there the following weekend for debauchery
Another New twitter!!!!????
you at tonight?
#England General Hooker classic American hero until he quit drinking.GENERAL HOOKER'S GAL by CathyLLogan $2.99 AmazonKindle
that SUCKS!
has fun with others' models; comparing Svenonius to FRBR
RT : tonite i will musically do some very nice things to you. Charro 6pm-9pm
thank you!
But still pretty legit....... Now to the pool 😌👍
is leaving Enterprise and heading to Saint Albans to see the fam.
An appropriate double-negative. I love it. RT : D-Wade isn't used to not getting the call...
31% of all donations actually go toward helping people... not to mention there are people in your own country that need your help.
Uprise Festival this weekend...JSL Productions main stage with Skillet, Newsboys, DCB, and many more... www.uprisefest.com
Even better TV would be having cameras around when u tell Miss Hazel ur not going to let her spend $$ on ur Granddaughter!
next year you should make it a requirement to call from a landline & run people if they don't. Phones shouldn't ruin the calls
OMFG NIALL AND CHER brb crying this is so cute
is tweetin up a storm!
yeeeh buddy. Thanks frank, love you fool
Maybe I need to give the ATL Falcons some of my Prednisone pills??
33 more days until the half marathon... Win or lose we still booze ! Good job on 5 tonight!
the windows command line sucks.
Correction - David Burke's Angry Lobster at Fishtail NYC is delicious if you like spicy!!!
I am, but I have a performance and a ton of work to do that day. Have fun!
I can't wait, season 1 was great start to a very anticipated series
Will do, sir, will do!
get it together
You seem fun! Make yourself a regular here
I've have Joy, I have strength, I have favor, I have peace and faith. I have the perfect recipe for success!
It's one of those days where every song sounds extra good!!! 🎶🎶🎶
cheesecake factory sounds like a sexy idea.
The powdered ball at Odd Fellows Hall last night was a brilliant affair. It's remarkable how much a touch of powder lends to womanly beauty.
A doppelgänger spotted at Sligo. Night done.
Thanks for answering my question. Was truly helpful. I also = :) lol
“Remember that as a teenager you are in the last stage of your life when you will be happy to hear the phone is for you.” – Fran Leibowitz
yeah , me neither
Nick Symmonds from Eugene, may have had too much Peking duck and is currently leading with OSU Beaver colored Nike's.
#WordsYouWillNeverHearMeSay<<<"let me borrow"...naaa id rather jus say let me have!
“A fool can throw a stone in a pond that 100 wise men can not get out.”
Happy 2011.. I feel like this is gonna be a big year for the wave
Michelle Obama will be at the Nickelodeon’s Kids’ Choice Awards on Sat. to present award to Taylor Swift
Do you think Ovy will ask out of Wash. because of the minutes? Me and a coworker have a bet. I say he is staying. He says not..
Happy Mother's Day Everyone! And to my Mom...thanks for everything! Love ya'!
thank god. You had me worried for a sec. See you later!!! :)
RT & ANGELS PICK UP THE DELUXE VERSION OF iTunes - Music - This Is How I Feel (Deluxe
Geraci would win. His info tape karate is strong.
I dreamt I was locked in a room and Bea Arthur was tickling my sphincter while "See Jane Run" the Lifetime original movie looped. Good times
Enjoy the game and bling RT “: I usually hate jewelry, but tonight, Im going to make an exception :)"
#SomePeopleDont have any respect for others... very sad!
Rule No.1: Never lose money. Rule No.2: Never forget rule No.1.
I'll have to check it out
the reason dems are still talking is because you cons/baggers never listen to them, you just want everything your way
Take a picture of your dick on I'd cap that and see what it says! Mine said lets get rapey haha!!!
Have a great Spring Break! Be sure to dispose of any garbage and perishables before heading out. Please lock your doors too!
Back to work... A little under two hours to go!
We have Carpark record (vinyl) samplers free with the purchase of CP releases!
Can we all just agree that blow up Christmas decorations are white trash?!?
Time for PUMP YOU UP shout outs for all the Job Adventurers out there!! Keep your focus razor sharp & continue the steps to move forward!
RT I'm not interested in ruling the world, just my own imagination and my own mind. Is that too much to ask?
Touchdown in Burbank. Airport just paged Cesar Romero. I thought he died.
ah sheet
as soon as you follow me...please? I'll be the happiest girl in the world(:
hell yeah, don't deprive him... Lol!!!
mostly just means less is used. data for data sake is pointless, need an end goal
Thanks for the re-tweet!
one BIG ass party!!
I am not sure if setting up a savings account or buying my first #chloe bag makes me feel more like a big girl.
Two men in canoe, photographed in about 1883 at Coranderrk Aboriginal Station ... - The Australian
Laying in bed just took some nyquil waiting..to....fall....asllleeee.....p
so you Guna jock my tweet ? That's craze lol
Well, almost "do or die" time. Don't think I've ever been so nervous in my life!
DUBLIN'S MANHATTAN ~ Jameson Irish Whiskey, Sweet Vermouth, Guinness Float
#IThankGod for all the beautiful things he's put on this earth !
ok so VIP Packages for Mindless Behavior didnt sell all out today during the presale?
THAKS FOR THE FOLLOW
Listen to this vimeo.com/29013816
Seriously. That was horrible after the 1st period. Hopefully we bounce back on Friday.
yeah no problem
I feel bad for tomorrow's date - bad timing. Just started watching SATC & tomorrow will be my 1st experiment with no sex on the first date.
Oh dont worry, it wont be hard to >:)
cause I wanna lay my head on it and watch tv duh.
Welcome to the Twitterverse!
Accidentally fell asleep and missed the first hour of Betty White's birthday special on NBC... just like she would. ()
What flavor of beef jerky do chicks like for a birthday gift
ok now im a bust down......wow
Hey, thanks for the shout out!
Heart Attack Cafe is delish! I'm sorry, but we don't sell boxing tickets. We sell tix for shows, tours and attractions ^AP
RT : Best part of Corey Hart's moon shot was LF Matt Holliday's non-reaction. Just turned his head and watched it fly.
☺ RT : #Cancer females are great in bed
Which of the following does NOT exist: a. Hot Dog University b. Hamburger University c. Fried Chicken University
haha, one never tells.
Waiting for the van to get serviced at a Chinese-deli-truck-stop. A man's phone rings. Ringtone? "Red Solo Cup"
Breathe Carolina - Blackout
I really want a cat named "Dog" and a dog named "Cat". They would be the best of friends.
Lin picking up where he left off...Bal-LIN!
Moving out? Moving in? Don't lose your deposit to a dirty apartment! www.pghgreenclean.com Call for a FREE estimate! We do carpets!
The horse named after drinking, piloted by a Mexican jockey, won the derby on cinco de mayo. In retrospect...
Congrats Will. Now take out the garbage'.
Thank you Lord for letting me have premarital sex since I was so good through college!
Our cultures have so much to teach one another.
quite a few! :) hope to see you too at the Fanfest this weekend! Do you live in the Atlanta area?
living Sucker Free
Check out what is saying and their website. Love kids? Help by bringing awareness to this sad syndrome. PLS RT
": #wiunion's tide will lift all ships. Get. On. Board."
WHAT IS AIR!??! #Dead xP
No, I'll check it out. Thanks!
haha ik..so what r u going to do in ur bday?
Jakey comes home tomorrow!!
You can always get our CD too. Maybe he'd like that one. No excessive swearing at least!
THEN GO GET 1 AND BUY ME 1 TOO :)
Last tweet was from Facebook. This one's for Twitter:
. Thanks for including us! How's your Friday? Big weekend plans?
I'm claiming that one too Ms. Squire
incredible video! Leadbelly moves from prison stripes to being a "walking archive" at LoC!
Come on Middleton, Wausau, and Eau Claire!
Digitizing Offer! Get your all leftchest and caplogos no matter what the stitch count or size for$15 only. Email:
Camera Fun Time: the Peace Sign done sideways. Have subject make a peace sign. Flip it around & hold it horizontally in front of body. Wow!
Change up was better than I heard it was although it fell apart a little at the end
Never mind! Fuck!
#God answers our prayers by finding a #parking #home for the #Homeless #Coach at AustinRVRent / American Dream Vacations -- THANKS!
Tulipia has gorgeous finds for your home and there flowers are fabulous...unlock the badge and get 40% off holiday decor!
other than Awesomenauts. Can't quit until I hit level 40 I guess
I've been imitated so well I've heard people copy my mistakes. - Jimi Hendrix
Badgers angry about Rose Bowl loss, going to take it out on Spartans on court. That's the ticket.
No! You said you wouldn't follow me! Liiaarrr
and I be #twining with that ombré 💗💜❤
Stock markets are over extended. Time to start putting out short lines again. Hedging is a good thing. Banks ran to far to soon.
So, roughly 60% of Michigan's voters are voting against Romney. That's the real news here.
&quot;UFC on Fox 3 - Nate Diaz Vs Jim Miller&quot; Main Card Picks and Predictions: Fan&#39;s View
#MardiGras is today!! Stop in to draw a doubloon and receive 20, 25 or 30% off your purchase! It's quite the deal, if you ask me :)
ohh I dont think I have any :( just wear it anyways and bring like a shirt to wear over it if you get in trouble
he won't ddrink with me maybe he is scared
For attention they wear less. They`re just mad because I still get attention wearing sweats LBS.....
Playing catch up. You know that big Sister program? I need a big sister to help calm the hysterically creative energy swirling around me.
Hope you can visit again soon & have another Dark And Stormy w/us! (FYI, it's Gosling’s dark rum, ginger beer, fresh basil)
RT : Mind you, the janitor job was his 2nd. And he spoke no English when he got here.
I have been raving about sports coverage in Italy but Miss Italia on RAI Uno takes the cake. Bush needs to host this. Miss Calabria is best!
aw fudge!! Now I gotta keep up w/ Missouri! Thanks big George, its not like I have enough to keep up with!! JK, good luck big man!!
that link you just posted was dead
I know!! I freaked out and cried xD he was like "You want a love that consumes you" and she was like "Damon consumes me" gahh
FLES Teacher Ms. Vieyra addresses the Board first wearing RED!! She talks about measurable goals in FLES.
Almost got stranded in the middle of a giant lake on a spider-infested paddle boat.
Let no one be the writer of you life story...
I'm a sucka 4 love!!!
News cycle mewing like a damp kitten.
Rounding out my day for a strong second half. Nothing changes until something moves... Food for thought...
There's no research done prior to booking to see what *gasp* the audience may actually want.
There is nothing like sibling rivalry to push you to reach your goals.Jerry knows this when Joe challenged his toughness....
yo bro im your #1 fan follow me
Par is a golfers best friend...Congrats to Rory McILRoy for reaching #1 in the world.
yeah its insane.
haha I miss Charlie too much. Thank goodness for #AngerManagement!!
BREAKING NEWS: I HATE Josh Beckett
Brand new Green Bay shirts released! www.brewcityonline.com
The next episode of iNickelodeonShow called 'iPremiere Theater' will be on May 12th,right after iCarly!
aint nothin like that gud ol' hangover puke lol if not then
Cruise ship search suspended off Tuscan coast. The ship shifted today making it more dangerous.
Maybe try juicing! Watch Fat Sick & Nearly Dead (not that u are!) - one of the juicers no longer has migraines. Thoughts?
Movie: Pride & Prejudice Book: Pride & Prejudice. I'm a sucker for Mr. Darcy. 😍
is it me or did today seem like it'd never end?
Right through my masculinity. ;-) RT FTR, MY kid likes Owl City, but was agreeing the songs mostly sound the same.
Fernando Rodney is an awesome closer! Comes at you with a 97 MPH fastball then pulls the string with a 82 MPH change up. That's sick.
You got me dizzy running circles in my head.
The lady in front of me at starbucks paid for my fruit & yogurt parfait. Thank you so much!
Mercy. RT: Aceves has faced 5 hitters this year: hit batsman, game-winning single Thurs. Today: single, single, game-tying HR.
thank u sir.
he shoots, he's scored. He's been playing well. I can't ask for anything more from him.
have a great night lol
Love what you do for the #Indy community!
RT : Anne Henderson/Annenberg: Need to move beyond "random acts" of family engagement to systemic work linked to learning & ...
Any gameplay Programmers interested in working on an awesome project in San Francisco?
#tff Any Day Now best narrative & Burn best documentary for the Heineken Audience Award at Trieca Film Fest
im not doin too bad i need to learn to not be so hard on myself!!! Had a great past few days with my ariel beezy=] LUV HER=]
Thanks, Shannon! :-)
Beautiful afternoon to visit SECCA to view By Sea II by R. Brooke Priddy on our lake. SECCA is part of NC Dept. of Cultural Resources
I'm not clear on what shakersNbakers ARE.
La la la la LaHair bomba!
I follow you...you no follow me. Sad face. Lmao!
Will send flight info once I get to the office. Email address?
#replacecodysimpsonsongswithtoby All Toby
I got my cycling upgrade request approved! Oh yeah
girl where are you!?
Hey, I worked 3 whole days this week; I'm entitled to a long weekend. Off to The City.
'Where's your bathing suit top?" Christian to Ed
all those 99%r's become millionaires in three two one!
