are you just starting your day or just ending it?
Clients to have their automotive sales leads needs be handled distinctly,as well as your side as the provider of their needs
Dude, Frank "Pepperoni Canoli" died? That sucks!
You need to change that.
Any of our Twitter twitter friends like FREE stuff??
looks good in his skivvies, I don't think he should give away Mike Chiesa's best moves - bad form
A great sunny day inn #vancity . I must of brought the good weather for .
Hoping to add 6 new recipes by the end of the week, including the Dunkelweizen we have on tap next door! (It's delicious!)
what's the best day to get an abortion?
Got call from us to get a subscription....um, we have 2 coming to the library now...someone needs to look at their books
awesome seeing do so well on #thevoice alum kicking' it!
If there was a prize for most frequent RT'r you would win! Thanks so much!
Not yet, there were lots of singers so it'll probably be a minute. I'll let u know! → any clips on youtube of #whitneytribute?
725 tweets and 725 followers. Same Same. Check it out, it may never happen again.
ever occur to you to sponsor Coachella? with a hippie leather twist...just thinking outloud
Who did you say it was who said "modernity is when you go to the town over there and see that they do stuff differently"?
..as mine does you. Cheers! *clink*
Congrats! I'm in too.
Do you like lady gaga ?
I'd like to go that J. Cole & Krit concert today
writing sessions? U mean like short stories?
thank you! :)
We're a week into #outwritejanet...what does your word count look like?
ha I don't know why this cracked me up
M... little late for work today... This is what I get for using a 1.5 year old for an alarm clock!
I Fear no man. Because No weapon formed against me shall prosper. In gods name we pray. Amen.
JERRY DIPOTO NAMED ANGELS G.M.
that's a heads up play by Flower, but you've got to be careful here. Parise has been burning people on shorthanded goals ALL SEASON.
Good Morning, thank God for letting me wake up to another day #blessed #thankful 🙏
i decorate your fucking outfit with red dots I'm not photographer but I specilize in Head shots
Kenya couldn't pull off doing a ReRe joint against anyone especially latrice.
That #Nicopanda couch is awesome
Lmao! RT Your momma's so fat, she was born in June, July and August!
Hey!wats up!
Which picture!?
o man! havent listened to this in awhile! Have to tweet it...John never gets old
When's the next SongTasting and is East End involved? Feb. wines were exquisite!
Always a true friend! Thank you TWIN! <3333 nobody is like you :D
Passive tracking will be future of high-tech, social fitness. Systems will provide such value that we'll want to provide more data.
that was probably the best reply I've got on twitter every second I talk to and about you guys I #losecontrol your amazing!
Some people's idea of what constitutes "brief..." isn't.
- will do - are you in Denver or The Springs
Using #googletranslate to converse with the busboys at work because my Spanish is Mucho rusty! Its a fairly accurate translation tool. #Win!
Jordan Kohout will be back at UW football practice tomorrow. Kohout was the starting defensive tackle at the start of camp
and Bryce Harper as tonight's hero? WHAT!!?!?! Wait and see!!!
I got a lot of followers some how and I don't know why. It like happened over night!
Photographs of your loved ones, your beloved pet, your truck, your car or even a Harley Davidson --We will digitize them all for you....
pfft I've already been in Texas.
RT : #Sagittarius Your efforts aren't necessarily in creating something new;
"Love is the only shocking act on the planet"
Maybe that's the problem. I looked up the editor and it appears they are no longer cutting. A huge loss to horrible storytelling
Santa Barbara Zoo here I come.
yea me too! I was so ready to stop, drop, and roll though, just in case.
just because you saw it on wickepedia doesn't make it true.
RT : I enjoy/value that the #kanban community continues to challenge itself. I hope people continue to critically examine the ideas
C'mon Dirk, that's why you curse at the refs in German!
It's not Christmas, you whore.
Movie recommendation is George A. Romero's "Dawn of the Dead"
I KNOW<33333333 I AM SINGING THIS ALL DAY TOMORROW(:
"Don't feel special. I only keep your number in my phone, so I know not to answer when you call."
Evangelical Christians and Goth dating site owners seem attracted to this Twitter acct. Both are missing the point, perhaps.
Ok its finally time for my bed since I have to be up in 4 hours! I really need a vacation
Some dude said he was too drunk to walk so he had to drive lol
Youth rally tody @ bishop cant wait!!!! YEEEAAA BUDDDYYY (no i did not get that from jersey shore i said it way before they did im original)
I've been meaning to go professional myself.
Word...will do.
Study shows that people who often eat chocolate weigh less than those who eat it less often.
lol with these tweets
YEA!!! When the last time we held a conversation
Going to watch the avengers tonight :)
Fair weather friends are never gonna support your music so don't ask them to.
I have friends that have lost their mother and I just wanna tell them we can share because I know that feeling kills them.
this is ahacked account no longer follow it
You know you're getting old when the candles cost more than the cake.
Later tweet peeps.
Thanks for stopping in today!
TONIGHT: #CincoDeMayo party at Hooligan's in Webster hosted by w/drink specials, games, & prizes incl a trip for 2 to Cancun!!
I'm performing at a firehouse in Jersey tonight because dreams do come true.
I am Kim GodsGirl777
I'm hiring, people to change the way men shop. Custom clothing by appointment. Contact me.
your so blessed with your music.your like freakinn amazingg.I wanna meet you again someday! hope all goes well! Love U
dear please stop the conquest to publish my playlists on Fb. I have to opt-out twice a week on the mobile app! Abt to move to
Dare to dream. Dream to succeed. So once you succeed your dreams will become reality.
yes it is just like your height lol jk
it just needs some body work. Which might be done by the end of the month. #winning I pay for everything myself now. #need$$$
Are you watching the #goldenglobes tonight? Should be an exciting year, lots of good films
How can anyone think Bert and Ernie are gay? They're just two heterosexual puppet men sleeping in the same bed, while being fisted 24/7
YES, DITTO!!!! One of my 10 favorite albums of all time! “: JFC THIS ALBUM IS SO FLAWLESS”
omg!!! #shane and #randall became instant walkers and they were moving pretty fast... Wow the walkers are evolving...
Ha but u not right doe
WOW! RT : I once made a pumpkin infused vodka and made a cocktail with coconut milk
#truth RT I don't care how cold and grey winter can be.. I'd be so unbalanced without it.
: RT : Guys... Help me out and follow my bud ! He's amazingly talented and tomorrows his birthday! :D
At this juncture, is the MVT of 2012
youre lucky I didn't stay down there cus you know me and bo would put the beat down on caleb
Does anyone have a web-based list of all the different ed technologies in use in classrooms nationwide?
WOW!!! What fun! What was happening in the Shepherd School for his attention to be so focused?
took the bus.
Ok we dislike the fact that they aren't showing us what's happening on the screen!!
You can do it :) a lot of outdoor plants seem easier than indoor ones.
You should post more... I find your posts from two years very interesting
I love singing in my spare time as well as playing an occasional match of tennis now that the weather is great.
Denial yeah that is your first stage now he's in the stage of self indulgence... remember criminal records are forever
Gimmee some beats I can frat to
Someone's off their meds. Your mentally out of your league. The only tyrants are the GOP. How much you hate freedom shows.
Shift from task to purpose!
I don't get why you keep sending me a happy face
Thanks, lady! Let's chat tonight! RT Shout out to my Baltimore lovie on her first day of her #biggirl job! Good luck
Saw tosh Saturday, suite at the ranger game last night, Ron Paul tonight, moving Friday. Damn good week.
Its so hot out .
Fire at Solomon-Jones Antiques. 52nd/College. 7 IFD units respond. Only injury seems to be me tripping over lawn furniture through backyard.
At the hospital in a wheelchair , with a boner, all the Spanish nurses have tig ol bitties !!!
i was gonna go out tonight but i think ima stay home & go to sleep early smh
What you talkin' about Willis? You're at Squaw! What, theres no snow, or you're not a skier?
Sad story. Unrealized she had the greatest love of all; an Agapai love from God. 4give me 4 interrupting ur thoughts. Xoxo
I wish you guys great success!
Tell your followers that is the fastest growing car club in Dallas accepting new members NOW!!!!! Challengers, Camaros & Chargers
Dexter kills Miguel :/
Remember when P. J. McGillicutty Jr. Stepped down from Amalgamated Moustache Wax and Whale Oil, Inc.? We will weather this too.
OK. Also, would you care to donate to my cousins fund? He's 9 years old and was diagnosed with brain cancer. Anything helps.
Sophisticated ignorance; write my curses in cursive.
Well jus got my flight booked for Puerto Rico June 28 so Texas gotta put up wit me fo two more months and then San Juan betta be ready lol
he going to follow me because i adore him
hey! im comin 2c u guys in july7 :) you'l c me in the front row i promise ;) & imma be at the venue blarin stwof in my car at 8am!
When wierd arabians follow me
yes. I see that if the entity was for profit. Maybe, they should request a seat on the board to decide how money earned is spent.
be the change you wish to see in the world
thank for following!
Juliet is the mockingjay! No way!
And win octuple crown “: agrees Rt: : So & I agree Kemp will hit .500 Bud thinks 50 HR/50SB.”
Your money worries are over! Your new job will bring you a huge increase in income. - Play Alganon
New clients and our office is cranking away. And by office we mean hunkered down in the basement sippin on diet pop.
calm down brad you're already married to her...for now.
recovering from an apparent bout with the stomach flu
Bought Twilight yesterday and am half way through. What a contagious read!
did u miss school
People should want your product. Locking them in with UEFI and PKI means you have failed.
Give me a break with that tweet. So incredibly ridiculous.
Halloween stories every Saturday night in October at Stanley's Pumpkin Hollow in Hanson. 6 pm Save some time before or after your hayride.
this is awkward...
This is an exciting week for us! Wednesday we will celebrate our 1 year anniversary AND Krispy Kreme's 74th birthday!
Ceviche Demo Trace and Trust discussion Paiche Amazon at NE University 11 am
you're a pretty sweet guy. thanks, buddy.
I'm done wit chu!
i have trouble getting along with people who don't like dance music. it's a personality flaw of mine, i'm aware.
-Still(unfairly)keeping me @ level 1 when I should be 6. Haven't been a Not so Newbie since day 1!! -Have 16 badges& 43,000pts.
: "I don't underestimate the abilities of the 5th grade to do anything!" If we empower students w/ opportunity, they'll respond!
When I see at Warped .. I think I will it myself
that's cool (:
are you trying out a new joke?
My bestfriend is a stubborn ass.
scratch that... His socks😂
hahahahahahah #whatislife. Tell your mama I say happy mothers day and give her a big hug for me
alone thank you : )
You know you need a weekend when... you grant Adobe Connect access to a bunch of staff instead of the program they really need access to
twitter lists seem to be broken? I can't load the tweets in mine...
1 day till the ap test. Stress.
serves them right. (glares at )
and smith/davis only needed a minute.
Dumb and dumber>>>>
Lunch keynote with Tim Westergren, founder of Pandora.
I need both
On the way to airport number one of the day! Fort Myers has been AMAZING! Goodbye wonderful Florida friends!
WHAT HAPPENED? :o
#SAPB meeting in 309 tonight! Then at 730 tonight!
I'm more of a MLA person myself :O) “: You know you're a writer geek when you're reading the Chicago Manual of Style
Know what dogs have snapped at me? Beagles and labs.
Congrats Shane! You are Thursday's #Bobcat contest winner! Direct message us your address and we'll send out your album.
I'm effed!
what's up?
hey thanks man! We are excited and appreciate all of the support! #Pittsburgh proud!
I heard about the restaurant but never went. I lived in SD in the late 80's/early 90's but never went.
HEY HELP ME GET MORE FOLLOWERS PLEASE LOVE YA <3
It is. Almost as awesome as Philly!
for his bday tomarow & he might not see it
#Celtics fans, get your buts into the seats at That is all.
lol I mean it..Atlanta...just got back 2 days ago..we don't leave for a couple of weeks to begin tour season ...where r u?
and #euroCHI continues at #GVU. Talked with the #blowtooth guys!
Go choke on air or a banana for all I care.
have our conditions changed? does the separation of art/market need a specialist?
buckles. Just fyi. Its now a fad here in the states. Thanks Wollowitz.
Keep up the good work, I'm glad I stumbled onto your site.
Arnold Swartzaneger had the first action figure
": I don't need a certain number of friends, just a number of friends I can be certain of."
Exactly right on both counts!! #philanthropy #planned giving
please follow! “: I wonder if I can get to 1500 by the end of tomorrow. #POETRY #Aspie #Aspergers #Autism #art #ArtPhoto”
Eric. Sweet high school letterman jacket.
Arrived in Knoxville for 's #Soslam This might be the friendliest town/conference ever.
Showtime for Anti-Bot Code fo Conduct!
im sitting here drinking a mojito :)
That'll be my excuse
a hundred motha lovas can't tell me notin. I bees in the trap, beez beez in the trap
People often become actresses because of something they dislike about themselves: . ~ Bette Davis
not at Pembroke anyway
Grateful for the confidence and love from strangers who are helping make this project a success
thanks for the follow Amy. It's a beautiful day in the OC!
Up early to drive to #Yuma for a day of meetings with local media.
chris Jackson!
The Players starts tomorrow right down the street and I'm, we'll, eh. Am I losing the mojo of the short grass? Perhaps I need to tee it up.
RT - BOTH OH MLB teams get wins: Indians (6-2) vs D'backs...Reds (4-3) vs Tampa Bay Rays. Battle of Ohio starts again TOMOR...
It feels like fucking chicago in NY right now, fucks up with this wind!?
The sun is shining in socal! Protect yourself with Patrick's Sunscreen!
“: i need a shot of ice cream, stat.”
If the videos there don't have everything they should! then either check out here:
I hear birds... and I love cookies.
I lost a little respect for Rodgers when I heard about the new restaurant...
How is it going guys? Will be here for the first half then have to head out
definitely a cool opportunity but yeah $45 is a bit steep.. im down if you guys go, i think im free
Can't believe February is half over! Where did it go???
Congrats to athletic trainer Aaron Leu for finishing today's Boston Marathon in tough conditions!
starting to revise second ya novel -- big problems to fix. sigh.
Awesome! Thanks brotha!
like in November.
": You rhymed up with up, girl with girl, and stop with stop. You're the next 2pac for sure. #killyourself" < I feel ya!
How's Your Day Going Love's?
Beautiful Designs,Quality Construction and Exemplary Service.
People are like stained glass windows. They sparkle and shine in the light, but when the darkness sets in their true beauty is revealed.
MIAMI! :) RT : where you going?
Dmv in Henderson is not very busy so if u need to renew a drivers license or apply for one I would get down here.
The Staples crowd has NO reason to boo the Lakers when they were more lethargic than the players.
glad to hear it! Thanks
I don't get bitter. I just get better.
Elementary students have been sharing gaming tips for years. It was really only a matter of time for that to extend to other pursuits.
People on the train are amazing. amazing. Oh, btw, sorry for spilling the drink on you.
Best thing I have ever seen in an All Star Game #Heathawesome!!
awesome to see he's doing so well :D
Ah...that break was so peaceful and non-internet-y.
IM NOT STUPID BRO. I AM SURE OF IT. i like ducks. how interesting is that?
sent g
Reading Outliers-by Gladwell-enjoying the insights. About 1870 time spent in school was deliberately reduced to save minds=summer vacation!
Evidence as to why food bloggers are the best! :) RT dear blogger, you tagged a cheesecake as breakfast. i love you.
Let us know if there is a shoe promotion event this year in #DC!
another tweet about nutella.
RT : Don’t sit down and wait for the opportunities to come. Get up and make them! –C.J. Walker #quote /via
if you're out there, I'm at the Buckeye Grill. Alone. Nobody else. At all. Come quick.
Yo if everybody everyone of my real friends atleast do me a favor tell errybody they know to follow me ill post this with youtube link later
Im a need them to fall back off my JEEZY he ain't did nothing to them
i miss My lovely family :(
Thursday Wikipedia objectivity: "Franklin like many Western Carolina towns is the home of many hardworking and respectable citizens." [+]
I can't even think because the gardener's leaf blowers are so loud today!!!
time to tighten up!
What I would give to be home right now..
thx for the suggestions, more names to be released soon! Keep em coming as vendors will be bringing in guests as well!
I can read these you know!
Friday night working and griping 96ST AND 5TH gotta go people see ya. GO GRIPEABOUTIT.COM
i love limes..
My fav formula = vlookup ... we use it all the time when doing data comparision, but it's a tough one to master at first
R.I.P Adam Yauch, a brilliant mind silenced forever. Hip hop legend. Beastie Boys played in memoriam.
i have no idea what's on my zip disks either. shame :-)
by : preseason camp. And I hear he has a chance to make the squad. Leon on 1 leg is better than Robert Swift on Big Pa...
......ops.... hhahahaa! oh well, lol she was happy. now she sad. lolol jk! she gucci! haha,! but come tommorrow then ! :)
Everyone was criticizing me when I said Knicks needed to trade Amare before deadline. He is USELESS! No D, LAZY, Not smart on rotations
ah same here with the finals :/ Big Bro.
The forecheck is the new "trap defense" for the Devils. Completely shutting down the
I just finished off our tournament schedule. The website will be up soon with complete schedule.
I just realize I haven't tweeted in a while...haha I just did :D
U Rap or sing
Merry christmas. Happy birthday baby Jesus....Wishing Lijah enjoy the best christmas with you aswell Lord...i love u both
I have! I really love them, but I don't run in them. I like to spread out my toes by walking in them after a long run :-)
just glade its a hoilday listeing to spin raido online. :)
*sad trombone*
Thanks! Randy's recipe is incredible!
We just gave our official, final farewell to Iowa-bound, colleague & friend.. Aaron Weiss. KGW will miss you. Cheers!
DAMN MEMPHIS! THEY BLEW IT
Oh you know same old shit different day way to hot its 90 and lets just say I would rather be in New York than here
love the hair Hot Thang!!
I make her scream.
I didn't lose anything last night...... Proud of me
interesting point: Over 180 yrs, workers here were both paid and enslaved. Terminology gets tricky. Thoughts?
After the NYS Legislature established UB on this date in 1846, future president Millard Fillmore became its first chancellor!
that is impressive, but the customers are insane! i guess it's actually called "hardcore pawn".
I'm constantly surprised how #swchat topics fit into most of what I do. Thanks for that!
Come on 4pm, I'm ready to be off from work.
RT : Wanna know KC better? Follow this crew!
aha! so very old. interesting how dates throw us off.
Getting worse... Idk if driving home is a good idea... Oh well
Spam or not, anybody who can figure out a way to e-mail me from the future *deserves* my money.
"Running gives freedom. When you run you can determine your own tempo. You can choose your own course and think whatever you want. Nobody...
Me getting my braces off>>>
I still wanna face the spurs in the playoffs.
GREAT SHOW TODAY...catch the episode on www.worldtalkradio.com Variety Channel THE HOME-BASED BUSINESS SHOW....JoAnneh was amazing!
“: Congrats to UMD's Jack Connolly, brother of BU captain Chris Connolly, on winning the 2012 Hobey Baker Award.”
2 more likes come on ICONiacz and GRANDerz we can do it!~aSHLEY
on the writer side or as a customer? Please email us at and we will get you sorted out.
Wanna wish my best friend Rosie a happy birthday?? :D
Congratulations to my friend, , elected today as Kentucky's new State Auditor. 1st of many victories to come....
yes and with the last text i cried:'(
man, katy perry's "ET" is a TERRIBLE song. absolute schlock. and i actually really like her music, most of the time.
There's nobody like him
Be still my beating heart! I believe I found a kindred spirit in you! Looking forward to learning more!
Pretty mouth...but it keeps an odor. Who's the winner?
So true --> RT: : #TypicalGeminiTrait Love learning new things but get bored very quickly.
says that higher ed newsrooms should build affinity and assert relevance
I somehow just got the blue screen of death on my Iphone after it fell less than a foot, and then proceeded to restart.
Last one "LET'S PUT THE HIP-HOP NIGHT ON A SUNDAY. WE'LL TAKE YOUR $$$$$ BUT WOULDN'T DARE ACKNOWLEDGE YOU ON FRI & SAT NIGHT"
We have 2 nearly identical political parties and a media pretending there's a difference
That awkward momrent when the voice doesn't fit the hair..
Plate, no. Saucer, no. Glass, yes! (Dishwasher Tetris) Can now run a full load.
Hey hey ! Welcome to Twitter! :) <3
#itshardwhen The Weed Blows n the wind
Tons of October birthdays...hit me up if you're trying to plan something, I got you! 480.612.3337
Haha. Hardly, Tony. Hardly. This is why I need to NEVER watch sports. I bring every team I watch bad luck.
better not change the password or anything
A lolcat went into a bar/ 2 see where the cheezburgers r/ u cannot haz that/ sed barkeep 2 cat/ now the barkeep is sporting a scar
sorry to hear this about Hayden christensen. has filming started yet ?
diet coke > coke
MY MOMMA DUN WENT AND GOT SUM iNDiAN REMY #LAWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWD♥
We REALLY need to get tickets.. Or I will legit be off with my head. D':
Just had an amazing burger at kumasi.
I have been asked to be in the Seattle Dream Team for Tunes-for-Tots to raise money for the Make-A-Wish foundation. Ready to go!
s/drug tests/drugs/gc
#WhatYouShouldKnowAboutMe... I'm the biggest fan you will ever meet. (:
I can honestly say I'm the best kisser (;
what's up happy holidays.
ok Thank you #muchlove :)
the husband with the gun thing is an issue
what up!
I'm off tomorrow and Friday...
ATTENTION Food Truck Gathering at The Baltimore Museum of Industry Friday the 13th from 5-10p Beer, Wine, Music, and Food
you have a girlfriend now? :)
me too. Ive got a 42% and dropping...
who is this?
The worst feeling is being around a negative that doesn't appreciate anything.
In non-liver-related, positive news, my anthology appears to be coming out soon. Heiresses of Russ, Lethe Press.
time to write a paper...
Red Printer. RT : The color of your shirt + The First Object to your Right = YOUR SUPERHERO NAME ...what's yours?
If I hear this big time rush song again Im going to scream to the top of my lungs & throw the remote at the tv(music sounds better with you)
haha I'm getting my anger out cuz I'm mad!!!
Next tuesday, I'll let you know before hand if they gone hoe me
RT : Insight comes, more often than not, from looking at what’s been on the table all along. – David McCullough
watchin laugh at my pain
I know!
Let's go 49ers! -idk you gotta pick somebody or it's not as fun
I don't fuck with pigs like Azalamaleka, I put 'em in the field and I let Oscar Meyer bake em
"Teacher, there are so many mysteries."
Juliet Simms use to be in a band called Automatic Loveletter that i LOVED in 2007. And now shes on The Voice??? So crazy!!
The irony is that Tottenham-area rioters will have nothing to watch on their stolen TVs this weekend...
I could start a new life with that $60 prize. A better life.
not God but got damn
You're welcome!
GOOD MORNING FROM ME AND CAROLINE <3
Starbucks Soy Green Tea Latte - it's like sweet milky vegetables! YUCK-tastic!!
Jack Handey Deep Thoughts~ If life deals you lemons why not go kill someone with the lemons (maybe by shoving them down his throat)
You're welcome!
Sex fact: Over half of American adults have used the phone, email or text message to have sex
Happy Opening Day! Go O's!!
Philanthropy HAS to partner w/ private and public sector & recognize leadership role in bringing together says Antonia Hernandez
switching it all up:)
Ill not take your extra talking in the back. You won't be sitting together much longer. You need to discuss who's moving.
It's #WhiskeyWednesday! $2 off all premiums & $1 off all wells whn #CountryMusic in on the Juke! + $2 Anchor Steam Porter!
I don't hate reality stars, so it's not about that...it's more bc they don't do anything that showcases any talent or skill, IMO.
I cannot stand it when people chew with their mouth open...
Thx, , for putting "Jump, Jump ..." on a loop in my head this morning. Just chillin' at the playground now.
True blood marathon, relaxing in palm springs
The #CAPRSA "Five Lessons Learned" is underway with
Some publishers restrict use so that reviews cannot be on the Internet.
Warm weather just makes me want to day drink
which day?!
Really into responsive design and finding more about it. Any good resources?
#ONLYVEGAS KISS MiniGolf is fantastic! saw a wedding inside the Hotter than Hell Wedding Chapel. Great place 4 party,event & GOLF!
Cogs report in on $50M problem. SDC appointee makes it difficult to align philosophical furlough practices.
FOLLOW ME PLEASE! 8
May is Foster Care Month - Help find more permanent homes for our kids and power their dreams!
aw damn, I was def gonna do that haha
Does the Geneva Convention cover #NPR fundraisers?
...whatever in the pic (that I can't see) is discouraging people from ordering from Pizza Hut.
This is going to be a great night. off to pier 60, then 20 penny circus later tonight.
that's a great goal :)
It is just a little wet in Seattle right now.
Many receive advice, only the wise profit from it. -Syrus
I know! But they stopped making his games...
do the darn thing young women
Eduardo can look forward to a lifetime of cavity searches crossing the border. But hey he's a billionaire now.
In Redesign Competition, Architects Envision a New, More Lively National Mall
You complain so much , I'm pretty sure no one cares !
"if you happen to run into Santa and he invites you into his van, I strongly suggest you say no."
Got my husband one last Christmas, and he's baked something every week. Yummy, but not so great for the waistline. Have fun!
If Obama is defeated in 2012, I predict that the Left will go crazy like Wisconsin. The OWS is just practice to create gridlock later.
'Man of his way out'
it reminds me of the belt sanders that would jiggle women's hips in the 50s. :) who knows?
Plan your next corporate event . . . . email for packages and rates
thank u babe u are very sweet too say ;)
Thanks for the RTs!
Dear subscription services and financial institutions: Please update your files. I already received a letter from you marked "FINAL Notice"!
Too funny: RT From My dog just gave me the stink eye. I didn't even think that was possible.
Name one thing more annoying than windows automatic updates? There is no answer.
What. The. Actual. Fuck. That monkey is cute, but he'd be a dead cute monkey if it was me.
us2.campaign-archive2.com/?u=ff3c425f7c3da10c3e6f6b97f&id=36bc11db36 No one should be forced! Check out our new campaign to
i definitely read "laboratory" like "LUH-BORE-UH-TOREY" in your tweet, ala Dexter's Laboratory...
That was awesome!!! Thanx for sharing.
cool. and philipp isnt answering me. Y? Y, bro?
I woke up wanting chips & salsa. What's wrong with me? Smh
Finger licking good chocolate.
I do. It's in the front flap of my black Swiss Army laptop bag. Go ahead and grab it. I was sitting across the aisle from you guys
Awesome midget joined the twitter gang ;D
S/O to for putting his foot in that hoe ass nigga's ass
We need more shots of Gisele!
seriously make it fast
"i love you 5" never fails to put me in a good mood!
Thinking of #Minnesota public employees this week.
She SHOULD have RT : It's only right that Ntozake Shange should be on stage with them!
"Since Christ Himself has said, "This is My Body" who shall dare to doubt that It is His Body?" -St. Cyril of Jerusalem
What really #grindsmygears is when people go into the cafeteria just to talk to their friends. If you're not gonna get anything, GTFO.
those are funny
I remember feeling a sense of grief that the many yrs of economic distress & racial tensions in South L.A. resulted in such negativity
is AMAZING. just saying,
She Told Her Best Friend To Get Down On Her Knees And Suck Her Middle Finger! She May Seem Nice But Shes Really A Bitch!!!!
Wake & bake
nope no love
Listen up: follow the easy steps and ride Big Bear with us for half price... Some niceness for our fans!
Bread on left, drinks on right #DID2012 ettiquette training
you should go!!
Watched the video of you on NBC, that is insane! Who is going to be held responsible? (Everyone involved I hope.)
"what time do y'all close?" "in two minutes..." "oh good, i want 4 large cheesy bites." fuck off.
I didn't get any weird emails but he sent out a note -- maybe on FB. Said they were spam. Hasn't used that account in years.
� Guys are like dogs. They keep comin' back. Ladies are like cats. Yell at a cat one time, they're gone. � Lenny Bruce
Thank you! Really appreciate the
back in action!
Please follow me(: 4
Did you buy it?
We would love to make it more helpful, suggestions? “: ;) ... but what's incomplete is the registrar's website
Can anyone recommend some good Nonprofit networking or just entrepreneur meetings in the Atlanta area?? Would love to connect!
Interesting how they faked the Lafayette Sq shot!
Second that bet RT Garnishing your wages sounds nice--like you're decorating it with parsley. But I bet it's not nice.
We are so excited to welcome to the GreenRope family!
I'm surprised Fleury's back isn't broken, because he's been carrying this team all year! And now when he needs the support youre gonna quit?
thanks Emily!!!
Yes! Really cute (:
I played at Purdue for two years and at Pitt for two years. When I was at Purdue I lived in West Lafayette! Miss that place
PickUpLine: Do you believe in free love? Good lets go!
RT HORROR FANS: Buy at – out TODAY!!!
Platinums all day...
The Artist is playing at The Charles and you should go see it.
I'm up
R.I.P. to Junior Seau. Warning signs need to be heeded when they arise. This loss may have been prvented
Uh Oh The Look Aite
CAN'T WAIT FOR THE WNBA!!!!
btw did anyone mention the fact that there is sushi for lunch now at school?
Plz follow me
#ThingsIReallyCantStand when people take things up the butt, just because the person forgot to say "just kidding!"
i fuckin adore twitter
Hey followers if you like the internet and shopping and rebates check out Blastoff.. www.my.blastoffnetwork.com/usanetwork
So I would like to win an iPad!
AWWW you're the sweetest Caroline!! <3 we love you!
fitbot making fitness tracking as easy as uploading a photo
I didn't see you !?
Q3 for me it's the "I hate reading but I need a book for school" readers advisory interview. I live by YALSA's quick picks.
Maybe your computer needs to go swimming with your iPhone.
nicely said, nicely said.
MICK ARE YOU MAD AT ME ?
Hooray! Headin' to The OC for another shoot...
She not only expects the worst, but makes the worst of it when it happens. ~ Michael Arlen
Out delivering food to the less fortunate, it really makes you think.. Why do we only do this around Christmas.. Feels good to help out...
Womp Womp RT : Whoever changed my iPhone's browser settings to Yahoo, I am not amused.
when you found it was it on heads or tales? ;)
then your answer cannot be officially counted.
I don't fuck with to many niggas they cum all in my face *shrugs*
RT : dreamt they tore down the hall of fame to make more room for the convention center. It must of been a nightmare.
Interesting. So you switch your math-doing language based on location?
is that the same as Penn?
thanks for the kind words and for joining us!
I knowww and you showed it to me and I listen to it all the time now :p
Without music, life would be a mistake.
Any Bermuda Triangle lovers out there? If so, check out trisefbook.com
Pattie Happy Mother's day you are such an awesome mother ... You are a role model! I love you!
By the way, who is this Thundersnow you speak to?
They're not.
When Cars Make That Annoying Noise -.- Like Is That Necessary ? Nopee
Thanks! Yeah, I was updating the code and you must have grabbed a page as I was removing the old code.
Salvador's shot hit a Flyers' stick on the way in.
I myself am a duckbilled bunny-dragon :P
what brings you money when you need one person you missing?
Do you think anyone has ever proposed on twitter? What is the ultimate expression of ePDA?
Blood Into Wine, yo.
done already? Who'd you lose to?
Do not dwell in the past, do not dream of the future, concentrate the mind on the present moment.- Buddha
Forget Soccer Moms or Nascar Dads. The hot voter group is Prep School Bullies, and Mitt Romney is polling very well with them.
hey big head
I think my New Year's resolution will be to not overwork myself like I did in 2011
Yeah... sadly, though, a 1-0 win over the Braves isn't quite the keep the dream alive moment I was hoping for... :)
just want to take one good picture in my life
Headed to Seattle, bringing the sun with me. Well, at least some of it.
Awesome. Thanks!
you say something? :)
Yeah, that made me feel good.
Ouch! LOVE IT! And yes. Perhaps a Turkish bath. For a little variety. Love me some
Christmas tree, oh christmas tree, how burnable your branch is
having dinner
To hell with the irish...I'm going to little italy days...
Apparently me and Mike need to coordinate our tweets on here! Nevertheless you guys rule! Almost 800 followers!
WI is a laughingstock? I bet that has everything to do with whom you are listening to. Many view WI as critical, not sad.
"I Am The Walrus" John decided to throw together nonsense lyrics to mess with the heads of scholars trying to dissect The Beatles songs.
Awesome! I'm totally down for the #25ActsofXmas..I let someone cut in front of me at Target. Does that count?
If you aren't already, follow for everything related.
Today at 1:00pm EST. Nutritional Notes with Jane Divosevoc. Watch Here on GYGS TV
Thanks to , , , , & for their #WTFPlaylist songs yesterday. I'll do it again tonight!
in the mall, twice in one day.
I'm being the DD from now on 😒
here in shangra-la shangrilahawaii.org: how to engage non-academic audiences on Islam: arts, journalism (which journalism?)
UNLV you are aware you aren't playing the LOBOS at the PIT right?
bout to check out this 'Settin Up Shop' mixtape --
Cockney rhyming slang is like a bad joke that went too far
so far i've gotten 3 bags of chocolate and 2 free drinks at caribou.. i'd say it's a pretty good birthday so far. :)
Taught kindergartners today. We decided the third little pig's house had a moat, knights, cannons, and MANY ballerina princesses.
awesome! I'm excited, tank tips aren't really my thing! of course, beyond excited! are you?(:
Chris Christie = #FAIL -- how do you kill the Hudson Tunnel project when our infrastructure and economy needs it the most? NJ Referendum???
go ahead and turn in something i posted about work on my fb into the manager you bitch if i get fired im cpmin after u pussy
Austin & Ally is my fave Disney show now:) you're the reason I still watch disneychannel @ 18 lol
That's great news! Any chance we can get together sometime soon to catch up?
8/16/2010 HBS Introduces Marketing Analysis Tools for Managers Harvard Business School Working Knowledge
AKA your drug dealer
Ashly said she gonna try to be a mentor, to help the hoes, and drama girls that come to FC lls
sent over three records to you
Is the Heat playing ?
Someone help me
Welcome to another week of opportunity. Or something like that.
iljbwamh = I LOVE JUSTIN BIEBER WITH ALL MY HEART !!
At 21, "three and free." RT : If they change the age limit to 20, will people just call it "two and through?"
Abandon yourself to God's will for your life.
If Mayweather loses this fight that might not be such a Bad thing! Because then he won't have to Carry all those Bandwagon riders anymore!!
you are always welcome I stay with me!
Thanks Natl Service Caucus co-chairs for writing a letter in support of FY12 funding for service
Eagles lead the Giants 10-3 in halftime.
Fuck it let em hate mean mug em back
One of the Labs features I've long enjoyed (hiding email counts) has disappeared. I miss it already. I hate seeing email counts.
I'm sorry you're not into the #maang UI. I think/hope you'll get used to it quickly. Pls let me know if I can help.
Haha. Awesome. That just made my day too!
Logos: Fire up your Illustrator and layer all types of shapes atop another; use paths to subtract, merge, etc -you'll get a winning concept.
and you're like 10% of the way through the book so far? Looking forward to seeing your request for filmmaking lessons next month.
Trying real hard not to stick my nose in others business. I hate drama but I love to share my 2cents.
Last chance to #studyabroad for a semester this fall in #Australia - application deadline for and is June 15!
"I got a big blowout/ When I have no gel/ I can let my 'fro out/ I take my big boat out!" OH YEAH!!
you know you gettin old when you can't wait til bedtime!
"Fit2Go customer service is top notch and I tell everyone about it." From one of our many loyal customers Thank you!!!
a special #FF to my nearest and dearest definitely a gr8 one to follow!!!!!!!
Happy 20th Boulevard Brewery.
aw thank you :)
Another delicious sandwich from Drewski's now populates my fulfilled stomach. I'll b chasing the fat away @ the gym tonight.. see you at 7pm
Your welcome!
THANK YOU!!
OMG. Dropping the ball as we speak! Where and when?!?
lol u actually did it!! Awh ilu! & yeah still slumming it lol so we'll figure out 1 game or 2 & whatnot, ganna be hi-lite of my year
We're looking for a venue in Asheville that can accommodate 500 people. Suggestions #avl friends?
thanks for the RT and congrats on your upcoming graduation!
Here now... how are you? RT : Where has been on my TL?
#HappyHalloween! Check out the spooktacular Sunrise crew at 6:30 for the big costume reveal! Any guesses as to what they'll be?!
So... Somebody got hit up at QT this morning on blue ridge... These NI**as ain't FAKIN!!!
yeah, it looks phenomenal. Should be one of the best releases of the year
That's a solid idea. You watching some basketball?
that was my cousin my old phone cause I got the I phone 4 My new number is 4254465334
Lots of fog at the San Diego Airport this am. Interesting to watch planes fly in over Pt. Loma & out over the city. Opposit the norm.
maybe being 's 700th follower would provide some solace. He's a Pokemon Master.
PRECIOUS METALS: Gold Futures Gain Slightly After Jobs Data
RT : best frugal living blogs- any recommendations? Also: The Simple Dollar, WP Small Change, Frugal Dad, Not Made of Money
Here I am, excited all day that it is 11.1.11... Only to realize that this marks the end of Anytober at Subway. RIP BMT.
I hate that one as well
jus saw a picture of ya ex...that nigha still look like a monkey.
“: - My physical address is 130 Green Meadow Lane, Fayetteville, Georgia.”
we killed it \m/
Hey You know of this UK based invoicing app for designers that looks just like your site? I'm looking for the name/url...
are dope haha
Related: Shocked at how many homeless people were on the streets in Cambridge and Boston. Heartbreaking.
I would love to see the Lakers and the Heat in the Championship, Seeing as they are the two most hated teams in the NBA
Man I hate the cold
Happy birthday to my wonderful best friend
yes, I awkwardly stared into your eyes during the "party/choke" bit last night.... And I fell in love
i wanna know why no matter what, the guy is the asshole when a couple breaks up
I'm soo lucky that I live here (Miami) I might just be able to meet him for the first time ;3
bring some Milwaukee Magic up in there!!!
Thanks for all the RTs: , , , Thanks for the SO: ,
Happy Earth Day!
did u install viber yet so I kan kall u
omg your icon awww
ha anyway u musta had alot to do dat day
Man its Hot outside
Merry Christmas!
Ah so wish we were able To go.. =(. Have fun!!
Gotta get over there - gonna get caught up this weekend and go check it out - :D Hi!
Why? Nostalgia. Vint Hill is a Cold War era DOD comm station. Played a role in the Black #Shuttle Missions
Liv Yoga in CC definitely takes the cake for hottest hot yoga I have ever been to in my life
great meeting u too. Perhaps we'll see eachother at soon!
I passed 500 followers! How cool does that make me feel? Thanks to my followers. I feel like Sally Field "You like me, you really like me!"
Thank U, Doug! RT :
RT : Spoelstra says James Jones will get some, but likely not all, of Mike Miller's minutes. LeBron some at 4.
Nipples on hard and whatnot.
:O jerk
this has nothing to do with the orioles
Real good music = ________. Fill in the blank
what are you wearing? I'm sure it will be creative! I'm still trying to decide whether it'll be Alice or Queen inspired for me!
once my best friend said to me, "I love you, man". i think it's rare but it happens.
Bad movie good date
Watched Fast Five last night, pretty insane. Trying out a Hulu+ for 360 and loving it.
You running like you stole something
JJ Hickson has a monster game, think that guys a keeper! Blazers come up short though, lose to the Clips 98-97
Rainbows make me happy :)
My new puppy just farted while sitting in my lap. Why do puppy farts smell so bad?
#FF outstanding insight into National Security and Foreign Policy... And we went through #Ranger school together...
Forgot how much I hate riding the bus.
Ok loving the 's mobile site. You can pull up inscriptions and provenance in the gallery!
Can't wait to hear Jay electronica's album
Totally agree. It used to be fun. Not so much.
I love figuring out differences in twins. Like one is always OCD about being on time and they other one is laid back
Workout time then most likly eagle creek with
A good heart, geekiness, & a few tatts
Dude I'm jealous! I don't want to wait! I'm so happy for you though; your cut is much more exciting than mine!
I know super late but how cute!!! Lmao!!
I'm crying, my heart is pounding. Ah! Love you
Look for venue information soon!
#microstories Man - "I am the last man standing!" Woman - "No you aren't. Turn around."
When your room décor is just a little too boring, try adding a funky lamp or switching your lampshade for something colorful and textured!
I once designed & programmed a whole site in photoshop 4. RT : #tappsfact: i once designed my website to look like photoshop 5.5
That's ok, I have no place to put it anyway, lol.
is in the ucb cagematch tomorrow night at 11 and we also have our Best of Craigslist show Fri at 10 at Hey Now!!
ha.. Dnt even pretend like bron wasn't as clutch as possible. Bosh threw a garbage pass and wade is dumb for that last shot..
lol, it was meant as a joke :D
": Parent quote of the year "So they're saying 2 year olds should be talking now? " #slpeeps" Love this!
Facebook is really slow right now. Anyone else experiencing this?
indiana dryvit contractors, indiana dryvit companies, dryvit companies in indiana, indiana dryvit company's dryvit, indiana dryvit contract
WHAT?! Neely > Everyone
LOL at giving his take on the Penn St scandal. Ironic, despicable, yet at the same time typical of ESPN and our scumbag media.
My daughter has been home sick for 5 days!! On the mend, I think, so hopefully next week will be more normal for us..
Ordered some cute whale earings c: and some bird earings for my bestfraann ♥
Thanks :) If I'm trained enough, might run one in August, but my overall goal is the one in October
GOTTA BE THE PRETTIEST WOMEN THAT I'VE SEEN TODAY SHIT PROLLY ALL MY LIFE
Guess I'll just blow it up.
I THOUGHT YOU LOVED ME! *le cries in a corner*
Cuddling > work
Google Drive = Google Docs with a facelift, and a somewhat better looking mobile app. Uploading was already in Docs. Did I missed the point?
I was thinking...maybe you should just get a boob job. Cuz your thighs are fine!
Thanks for the Follow Friday mention!
Why Mark Connor Resigned, Personal Reason #32: Training for Mixed Martial Arts match against Wilford Brimley.
did you catch that double for a good piece ? Paid ok !
Taylor Swift(:
!!!!!!! RT I love love love "TONIGHT-John Ledgend " does something to me 😜
Oscar Sunday is my favorite day ever.
Heartbreaking | RT "The number 18 jersey will never be worn again" -
Am I in trouble now? I don't even know how to hit on women. Lol.
Wow. That's beautiful.
we are about 15 minutes away from the greyhound terminal. I can see downtown from here!
brother time all the time little guy beach day tomorrow
loving those nails!
Prepping to hang my exhibition at Opens May 4.
james franco was defintely stoned on letterman
Lol I hate twitter but I think I should start tweeting again.
2 more days.... Omg.
The people I work with convinced me to go for drinks after work..Sealed the deal with "C'mon it'll be fun!" The people I work with are liars
We completely understand! :) That's a perfect Christmas gift!
Irelands last remaining independent whiskey distillery has passed into foreign ownership after a $95m takeover of #CooleyDistillery by
I know we not on speaking terms but I hate to see her like this
Screw it major show news now! Nov 4th at the Rave in Milwaukee with Five Finger Death Punch, Rev Theory, All That Remains, Hatebreed, + more
I'm off until she makes me some of that food 🍴
To you as well :-)
The gypsy fest is Exactly behind the hookah on Calhoun on mcmillian in clifton.
Wish us luck tonight #MegaMillions. If we win, then steaks and beers on me!
i sent you a request!
COME ON GUYS! WE HAVE TO TREND #KeepDamianOnGlee ! DO YOU REALLY WANT THIS AMAZING ADORABLE IRISH BEAST LEAVING? D:
C'Mon, Chargers! Let's not waste these Denver and Oakland losses!!!
I definitely feel it! Lol 👌
Gotta wonder why you would leave the ambulance running while you eat
Hopefully seeing again this summer ;)
lol I'm doing good just been busy/focused on work. How about yourself?
that shirt is beyond sick!! Well played Madam!!
We LOVE Sirens! Follow , better yet visit them!
(2/2) The April 18 London bout will be our first produced bout of the season. Tix info forthcoming.
If you don't watch Glenn Beck on Fox News every evening, you don't deserve to live in America!!!!!
RAIN, RAIN, RAIN!! What a rare and glorious treat!!!
Does this event need volunteers?
A positive outlook can be a catalyst for extraordinary achievements. -unknown
Am I alone in this fight, Is Anybody out there?
Dark S is not just a comedy?
You're worth more than Gold. ♥
": Let the countdown begin for Cinco de Mayo Daisys style!! $6 margaritas, mojitos and mint juleps!!" See you there!!!
Remember John Kings wife is Dana Bash who is Anti-Paul! So he won't go to Paul except for retarded questions!
I'm just (On1) and super amazed by how ppl are curing themselves from cancer, diabetes, & other terminal stuff
Please don't say it...RT : And the most disturbing Chicago Trending Topic ever of the day is...
GIRLS NIGHT OUT- OCTOBER 19TH VENETIAN MASQUERADE BALL- OCTOBER 29TH
A man who claimed to be the new mgr of a Denny's in Madison is facing charges after cooking himself a burger before police showed up
Hha, aw same. My friend's beggin me to walk to her house to flat iron her hair
Flu Shots hurt. a lot.
That the night Holliday and Spilly hit two HRs a piece? I was at that game, and am at this one today! Hoping for the same.
RUT Hockey team members are very #Brave on this
=) go ahead! LOL <<singing>>"she wants to party all the time party all the time.." WHOOP!!!
CoMe Show YouR HaiR Love!!!
Back home from the BYU #Genealogy Conference. Good to be home.
Nye tickets on sale today! $100 open bar package with champagne toast at midnight as well as passed appeziters all night!
drop down drag out relationship situation happening next table over. Going south rapidly. Remaining calm and hoping no guns will be drawn.
A smart woman will never abandon her standards for a temporary solution
Congrats girl <3:)
Fontana steals 2nd.
Good Luck!! :D
Thank you all so much for joining my page! I'll come with updates very soon on the projects I am working on. Be blessed and stay well! :)
Uh-oh! It was a children's book! [forehead slap, back to the treadmill]
I think you and the Big Ear of Corn would have gotten along very well.
I haven't seen this many pipe hits since a Snoop Dogg concert.
About to go to Wegmans today but my mom is looking for recipes to follow.
“ Excellent. Your Mom can search for and schedule meetings with agents through your profile on the site. Good luck!
Mariano, you never let the team down. You never let the fans down. Please never think that.
Asm #Highered chair Marty Block about to celebrate #CSU 50th anniversary on Assembly Floor. Talk about ACR 52 to commemorate the occasion.
heh. well, they're chicks, of course they do ;-)
early riser you... HAPPY MOTHERS DAY to you too my #BESTE .. Hope your day is filled with lots of happiness.
Thanks, my friend. It's good to be back.
I agree that Twitter feeds into other forms of media, but is it actual productive info that's "bleeding" out or is it banal stuff..
Come back. I promise something spectacular. #emptypromises RT : Twitter is humming with interesting stuff. Hard to bail but must.
Step outside to check the weather, and then...it hit me with amazing, warm weather.
anybody on Tour playing ATVs yet?
The difference between a successful person and others is not a lack of strength, not a lack of knowledge, but rather a lack in will.
I can't stop thinking about you for some reason even though the feelings not the same;))
Thanks for the RT, Anne.
Trying to get decent rest over here is like trying to learn Chinese Hanzi overnight.
Already got a date set up for Saturday with my bf!!!! LIFE IS FREAKIN AWESOME
I think that's the way to go -- read it before watching the miniseries. Will be curious to see if you love it more than LS!
Good win for the Stars. Sucks the shutout got blown with 13 seconds left. Kari deserved it. Great game by #32 anyways.
"We're like in the 22nd century!"
I feel like throwing up! :(
I need to get up & prepare my lunch but I think Im just having salad today
Q: How would you have handled the #occupypdx group
Hey Tweets check out my sports blog www.dougmolineux.com/jesse
Love you Muphee!!!!...auntie got you,babe!!!
So hurt that I don't have any Epsom Salt to put in some warm water so I can soak my feet...
Dear mom you are yelling at me for drinking the last dr.pepper ... its been in the fridge for hours how was i to know you claimed it !
Whiskey Bar tonight!
Don't see that at all. You're talking about generally humane treatment and minor volume. Easy to target "rich people food."
witnessed "last chance" morph into "last dance"
haha you are SO sweet! :) see you soon, and hopefully one day we'll be on a tour like that
there is still more... prize #9 LOFT gift certificate for $100
I feel like I'm gonna barf. And also there's no room for me in the pool. Not happy.
hey there! Thanks for the follow!!
so nice to meet you finally! Have a great weekend and see you at #craftastrophe next Saturday!
wow. Makes me very sad and angry.
you rock
Tragic indeed. But it is wonderful that these pros recognized him like this. Class. And as a father, can't imagine.
Just a reminder. We might not want to admit it but #ias12 ends tomorrow. Check your flight info!
hahahaha. i think it's interesting to discuss nutrition because i'm not certain i'm right. i'm always open minded to change
Be (Be)a(u)tiful
awh, thank you :)
No days off!
": Men who take vacations every year lower their risk of heart disease by 20%."I vacation a few times, just to be safe.
email with where to send it thanks
stop snoring
Did you know that Twitter is considered to be one of the most effective and impressive ways to increase traffic? 0j1e.
UAPC looking for a huge promo!
As bad as trading Schilling, Finley, and Harnish for Glenn Davis was, trading Bedard for Sherrill,Tillman, and Adam Jones is equally as good
That's OK. When I'm sick I sing "Bridge Over Troubled Water" all day.
Great. Now I'm getting research queries from a man named John Brown who's been out digging stuff up in the woods.
no:( 3 months from now..
A weird number texted me, and I suddenly thought it was him, but no.. I think I'm gonna leave it.. Because he hates me! D;
Watched a VH1 Classic documentary w/ on the In a word: AMAZING. Love the band even more now.
Hmm...can't say I'm familiar with the term.
Make the beat retarded, so I call it a slow jam.
HE JUST SAID GRAND
yeah mane. Like 5 or so if that's cool
A NEW feature is coming soon called 'Mojo's Channel' -- Everyday Mojo's World will post a 3-10 min clip from a TV show, movie, cartoon, etc.
was the test hard!?
Made me sick all day
#ff because she is my agent. So follow her, but don't query her.
We had an ice cream bar set up for teachers, plus little notes.
I need to find dad's old record player.
(All the foregoing are quotes from mass-murderer Anders Breivik's manifesto, in case that wasn't clear.)
We need to hang out ASAP chicka!! :)
plus I have a "friend" there now so this could go one of two ways lol
Yay i hot 2 sleep in till 8:40 no school today
#Nuggets this am. Ugh
Been listening to #SXSW music wafting up to my office for the last six hours; now going down to explore it
Hmm looks like Abercrombie & Fitch's efforts have gotten them into quite #thesituation what will they do next?
Mcdonalds for breakfast!.
Trip to the spa? Yes, please!
what you grubbing on
Happy Mothers Day!!! This 1 goes especially to all the single mothers ur appreciated ❤❤❤❤❤
ok lol ill send them in the mail!:)
I HATE SCHOOL!!!!!!!!!!I ONLY GO FOR FRIENDS AND MY MOM SAYS SHELL BEAT ME UP IF I DONT!!!!!!!!!!
Bold prediction...I think they run away with it
Dbl Punch Gingerbread Latte. Our Big moving SALE is going strong. New Books and Gifts in daily and 10-20% OFF everything in the store!
I wish the supreme court would once and for all tackle same sex marriage.
you don't believe it's marriage. Fine. But don't regulate it through more government. The church should not run the government.
Louise is such a diva
i will see if he is still going to class tomorrow tho lol
feel free to!
just about to be in college on january 11th
Nice, do u have a song or cover of any song?
I love that expression. Enjoy it while you can!
And we're off! #GreenRush has officially begun!
": 'Ladies first' is just a polite way of saying "Let me look at your ass while you walk in front of me.''"
have not met! Happy to connect.
you should be the better person, even if you shudnt have to in the first place :p
It has been said "You don't know until you have walked a mile in their shoes" ... Continued next tweet
Austin friends: I'm collecting #CoatsForKids. Let me know if you have some you'd like to donate.
honestly bro what's there lineup: torres, turner, wright, davis, bay, duda, thole, tejada?
How was everyone's turkey day?
The daughters see the green protection from pinches as law. Should I pinch them anyway?
You could locate in the parking lot across from office!
I want to give a shout out to my 3 new followers , and thankz
Happy birthday to and !!(:
$10 says when NYPD realized your were live on NYE they wanted to attack source. Ensure you/others are not followed to new space
Is he online?
I miss the way we used to be..
Wait so you do ever want to have kids either? By the way if you say NO (like you should) I'm going to be proud of you if you say
Is Katherine Heigl aware of what her hair looks like?
566 federally recognized indian tribes in America. Check out Kent Monkman and James Luna and Bryan Youngin.
My USB drive made it out of the washing machine alive. Thank goodness!!!
Where do these guys find time to talk to all these girls?
I'm getting old. Yikes. But never too old for a good party with good friends :)
Mike vick seems determined to ruin my fantasy season.
tweeting is not an addiction, it's a way of life.
once I waited with bates breath 2 see all the fine tweets,pictures acrylic painted was my main post a dc artist eye bee,buzzy looking a ball
Fuck yeah!!! Way to score ! Take that you asshat Coyotes!
off to the gym to fine toon every for sat photo shoot.
Hey, , I eat you everyday, no lie. Why don't you follow me?!?! I'm in love. P.S. If you get rid of the Doritos Taco, I'll die.
I've never heard of it , I that an app?
Just got off the phone with Japanese representatives. Proud to announce our newest signee: Eno Mus Wang.
*butts in* I would like to add my vote for a THATCamp campfire next year, preferably with s'mores
pastrami on rye with some waffle fries foo free Epic collapse, if you get Nate Mcmilan next year then you might be legit
it is March, there should be no snow.
- so excited for the show next weekend!
Ha! Got it. Lighten up people!
Oh no! A blackout. The entire complex is completely dark. I don't like the dark
Glad you guys could join us & share your opinions. #sbchat cc:
Thanks glad you cashed,we are cashing around the world from Hong Kong to Brazil to Russia to Canada to Australia the list is growing
RT : The typewriter was invented by Hungarian immigrant Qwert Yuiop, who left his "signature" on the keyboard.
Have a lovely weekend everyone! The weather is awesome, right? Enjoy! :)
Tony LaRussa RETIRES
Donkey, or Also Indeed Donkey's Hindquarters
#packers defense is pathetic. If not for those created turnovers, could be very bad right now. And what was 82 and 87 doing on that onside?
Check out a Portland Timbers game at nearby PGE Park. We are major league soccer now.
Hi, guys
good morning sweetie
For following me
Back from the annual NARPM trade show in Dallas - two armadillo races later Foundation Rentals is bringing fresh rental industry...
Hold da chain up so I can c ya fam
Was on the phone with my babe during the second half, we were all worried/nervous lol.
Which jersey should I wear... old school Barry Sanders or Emmitt Smith
Lemme get a one-way ticket, haven't picked a destination I'm just tryna catch the train before it has to leave the station
What doesn't kill you makes you stronger.
I`m really sleepy
Fact of the day: Unlike a housecat, the Siberian tiger loves to swim
"I mean if it was someone like Joan Cusack, than yeah. Not worth it otherwise." - Tom on who Robin Williams should go to Hell and back for.
Do you want to know who you are? Don't ask. Act! Action will delineate and define you. -Thomas Jefferson
Some of the people you share the best memories with become a memory... Thats real
I feel you
: true. Given convo today & economy do you think the tussle will become a party (sooner or later...)?
should make a cuban alter ego, he would be crazy af!
I blame the #Cadbury mini eggs.
Less than 24 hours until the official release of the venue & theme of the 87th #DiplomaticBall!
Thanks John! We did have a lot of fun. The cupcakes you made were delicious!
Wow! Episode 14 has been downloaded almost 400 times since it was released yesterday morning!
Dave what's good homie
August 19,2012 will be memorable.
Very sad to hear that Cy Twombly has died in a hospital in Rome, at age 83.
Thinking about you tomorrow- and all the excitement ahead of you post-retirement.
Hope everyones Sunday is great!
I think the economy is turning around. It's been a great first two months for
ugh he's going to propose.
I have had Payphone stuck in my head all day. AH
Concert tickets? Pirate tickets? has been giving something away practically every hour this week
The gold ring in my performance was an heirloom from hte grandmother who recently passed. She was an artist. Great eye.
I need to finish this poem for her.
THEY DON'T CALL JEREMY THE HAMKING FOR NOTHING PEOPLE!!!!!!!!.
The theory reading group I'm in is dropping Stiegler midstream to read Latour. Apparently meant as a criticism.
A #bettycrocker yellow mix cake with chocolate icing would hit the spot right about now.
I bow before your
are you here yet?
One more out!!!!
week is going by super fast
Ever steal my signature! identity theft visor! :D
Beautiful Redbook rejection letter: "This novel doesn't suit us, as you doubtless suspected it wouldn't all along." (Acc116/b2f30/1959jan27)
Knowledge is knowing a tomato is a fruit; Wisdom is not putting it in a fruit salad.
got get ready to go to my lil bro bday party.....@ chuck e cheese. so much fun.
Id like to thank #SegramsGin cause im drankn it and they payin me for it
where is the miami dick sucking team at? Been Mia
Thank you :)
hell yeah ;)
Padres are down and need your support! Catch the rest of the game at TK wearing your Padres gear and get 25 percent off your bill.
A strong woman is one who is able to smile this morning like she wasn't crying last night.
Are you ever going to a Dodgers game? We miss you already! “: Good day for LA sports fans. The & both won.
I have the channel on my cable sports package but don't have any kind of online add-on
My boyfriend's name is yours too? weird...
i seriously need a fuckingg job!!
WORD....that's a good look bro....can't wait to see u at a show...I remember the RedHouse Garage jam sessions..lol
Who are you when I'm not lookin'??
I told my asian friend he's a loco he thought i called him a "cholo"and i told him he was a chulo and he said no that i was the chulo! xD
I know it's far away, but is anyone else really excited about the next SAM ReMix? I am!
“Much of the success of life depends upon keeping one’s mind open to opportunity and seizing it when it comes.” Alice Foote MacDougall
I JUST CANT WAIT UNTIL new song #SaySomething COMES TO ITUNES! I WILL BUY IT AND LISTEN TO IT EVERYDAY! Im so proud of you.!
go to Huntington with &
does that make a closet of our bodies?
OSU-KSU is much more exciting than Alabama-LSU. Boise State in title game? Would be fun to see them there, gotta be better than this.
throwing things at my suitcase and hoping they will fit
wth is with this spam showing up as my tweets?
What cld U say, do, or text right now that wld totally make ur partner feel special? DO IT!
Ukrainian caught trying to smuggle bear out of Russia
lets move to LA
Dear guys, be the type of guy you would want your daughter to date.
Him : why dont u say nun when u see me ... ME: MAYBE CAUSE YOUR ASS DONT KNOW HOW TO SPELL
Thanks for the #FF!
- OG was *never* okay
So thanks for kissing me..-.-
guess what!
Can't DM you because you are not following me. Here it is for the world to see: ;-)
VERY FUNNY MARVIN
my cat is just laying at the edge of my bed staring at me o.o
Not for everyone, but the #hologram of Tupac Shakur that "performed" @ Coachella is amazing! Really captures the imagination of a tech geek!
um i&#39;m desensitized don&#39;t forget about my x
yes & he was pretty sexy!
You got it, Pat! I did early voting :-)
The fact that my alarm went off this morning made me cry. Summer is in 36 more days, and I honestly don't think I can make it.
May you have fair winds, and following seas.
Feel kinda bad for Sarah Johnson, who just had to follow and Jim Gaffigan on stage.
that was you? Hah tf and I dunno I bounced before I got the chance to test it
Dat blew me ..its said n done
#HateWhenPeople leave you hanging when you need them...
Of course! It has great info for an aspiring Ironman, straight from top Ironman coaches such as and Brett Sutton. Enjoy!
And if that doesn't work: a novel a day keeps the doldrums away!
Bye!!:) breakfast
Would anybody like to win a free vacation to Hawai'i? Airfare+Accommodations www.majkltravel.net Sweepstakes of a Lifetime
Thanks! Looking forward to your tweets
Barbie Bungee Jumping Banana Splits= Best Teacher Ever! | Free ...
Im done trying to keep up friendships with people who seem to have moved on. Goodnight Twitter.
Struggling with my #ala11 schedule. I work with the blind/visually impaired. Found only two about accessibility issues. suggestions?
no you are not you still up telling me to go to sleep lol
he's gonna go off “: Man skip is gonna have a field day”
Got my alarm set for 11 . Watching the games til I gotta work.
Got a brief writeup coming tomorrow on 2nd base prospect options for future. Watkins included. I feel same way as John
man im confused ... an yea karina should come if we do go :)
" If anything goes bad, I did it. If anything goes semi-good, we did it. If anything goes real good, then you did it...
many lettuce would not approve
That's right bitches. I gots 2 drinks on my table.
it was the 13th of this month when i got my car
Aw thanks! Yeah I probably shouldn't be so annoyed by it. It IS nice but some ppl just get on my nerves in general. Haha!
Do you think God gets stoned? I think so... look at the platypus.- Robin Williams
you looking thin...you eating out in LA?
I get a lot of dm spam too and a lot I follow being unfollowed randomly. Weird. Good idea to weed out your acct. tho.
Quick tip: For #motivation to get your butt to the #gym, #exercise, #loseWeight, try getting a new iPod!
might as well bake some cupcakes while youre at it. #ohdarn ;)
I think I actually ate enough sugar today that I'm craving salads.
Time to enjoy a workout - remember to bring Kindle and to hook up wifi to for Hulu/Netflix access
*sniffle sniffle* I love you SOROR!!!
Hey LHF donors, the priority deadline for 2012 donations is this Thurs, March 1st! Pay by phone at 512-471-4439 or pay online via DonorNet!
Can't wait to get back in the studio alot of fiyah producers wanna work with
Marino could play in this era. With yesterday's rules could drew have played then.
have a great show
Very delayed but thankies for the FF love, sweetness! I miss you!
Life is wonderful and full of spice....
Watch the game with me tomorrow
That awkward walk/run you do when a car lets you cross the road.
Dear Crush, Get the fuck out of my head Sincerely, Your taking all the space.
I can't wait until DC warms up
i wanna have my own music production lol
RT : I said #Irsay couldn't win a PR battle with #PeytonManning. But he's gonna try.
Empathy is my curse
Note to self: never get involved in Twitter wars with people who are completely clueless. It's a waste of energy.
“: There is something about the Sunday after church nap. Please help me understand! Lol” Isn't it the best sleep?!
I really like him! :) he is so sweet.
AN END 2 ALL ANIMAL CRUELTY.......thats my xmas wish.....!!
DON'T GIVE UP ON ME, TAKE COMFORT IN ME.
is a gentleman and a scholar
#Signs is one of the greatest movies ever! I've seen it lots, and it never gets old. Makes me, smile, cry, and hide under the covers. :)
The eye of a human can distinguish 500 shades of the gray
It might have been those diet pills I was on a couple of months back
listening to the patiohpatino podcast. you gonna get so much west linn hate mail!
thank you! Everything was processed. Visit us anytime or tell us what's up! *TrueCompliments
Architectural Design isnt Architecture. Architectural Design is for retards.
nice!“: Mellencamp holds up the original copy of the Donovan LP he bought as a kid in Indiana. Hilarious speech. #rockhall2012”
I'll give it a shot.
The clear choice for all your auto glass needs 414-409-7263
Man i wanna move and be done with college....so far i've learned things i already knew!
AH! Thanks :)
cheers! RT Go Cardinals! My first love was an '87 CHC man. You might know '88 grads Small world!
Always a good thing
As soon as the weather changes, folks forget how to dress appropriately.
That might be one of Sheldon's best lines ever.
A guy I like doesn't like me and I think I love him.
Let's do this ! Indy's about to get dirty, yo! Let's hope I don't die!
not if you can't text back though.. -___-
Colorado weather >
Why do people at school need to know about one direction at school.
why am I so picky?
What does the remote control mean in your family? Who gets to hold it and why?
Hewerton scores his 2nd of the night (assist to Liete) as keeps piling it on 24-8 with 2 minutes left
pulled an Austin Rivers today.
Evening run with and Rick!
Someone just said your 21 and support damn that's crazy. I felt like saying STFU. is awesome
i CANNOT just lay outside... reading: yes, with someone: yes but just laying there KILLS ME
A FEW PPL IN UR CAMP HAVE HEARD..BUT HOW DO I GET YOU TO HEAR?
Love hearing this! RT : I saw an Equinox today and my heart skipped a beat! LOL,
Morning twitter!!! Let's get it!!.
Listen to those who lead the field
Thank you for your updates on advertisers on Rush's show. I couldn't stand to listen to that much garbage! Good for you.
Not sleepy.
morning .. Sure .. With settling into the work routine I think we can swing it
sober cathy is scary enough, please spare your innocent family and friends
Watching w/ my mama . She cryin & shit lol I love him .
Never again......never fuckin again.
$2/$3 small Arni's drafts. Enjoy your Monday :)
I got you as soon as I get back to my computer. I have to drive to richmond real quick. What are you doing today
I'll call it a night...Lakers piss me off on some bullshit
Hah. Event looks kinda cool. I'd make it to the one in Chi, but my Tues night is already booked. :(
I'm sure that's not what they meant... But it IS hilarious!
“: WOW...#scandal” <- The First Lady is ruthless. Not sure I like her very much.
Bout to get on the grill. Its going down
“: Ladies!! A Smile is the sexiest curve on your body! So smile w/ your sexy self!! 😊☺😉😃”!!
Goodnight to all my lovers! :)
