they fix and massage your feet im definitely getting one
Thomas wish Happy Birthday for me shes my bestie ...
LOL! Our jam. We need to send each other music after you're done with finals.
Not this time!! Not this time!!
Men with boobs. Very bad. Dude next to me has a solid C cup. Get in the gym, buddy-- yikes.
It's cheaper than the multiplex AND you get free refills. It's not an unreasonable price. Theaters make their money on food/drink.
that would be awesome, I'll bring it up to bosses and see what they think.
I can give up fast food no prob. If everyone grew what they ate, the ratio of veggies to meat would be better
Excited to be a part of Farm to Plate event tonight! Please stop by and say hello if you attend!
Karaoke with the in-laws. Just use your imagination. You will be wrong.
thank you for #Girls. retardedly brilliant. one of the best shows ive ever watched.
The smell of Rice Crispy cereal is in the air on Cuesta Arriba Ct.
Book explores importance of Berkeley painter David Park
...i just wanna watch
Thanks for the RT and look forward to your thoughts and feedback :)
Tried ordering cheesesteak at ginos on whole grain bread. Request did not go well.
331 followers!!! thanks guys hope i get to 400 hundred soon
unfollowed every account that wasn't a "verified account", if you want me to follow you back, go and follow please.
me! I go back to school tomorrow! Senior year! <3
RT : A report of child abuse is made every ten seconds
Agreed!!! RT : They would be perfect for Kitchen Play!
and michael you would fall and turn the white snow red as strawberries in the summertime~
Still 30 minutes of polling, time enough to get your friends + family to the polls! “: Did win yet? Can't. Wait.”
...what did you get me at the mall today? :)
a semicolon is when you just put a little bit on, like half a spray
we don't have many treats to share but does. We their treats. Just finished up our last bag and need more!!
Yahoo. We have a new team member that is making us stronger than ever.
In my feelings right now....one of the realist yet meanest thought just crossed my mine
Fabulous Design Tip: Cut a couple of tree or shrub branches and place them in a vase. Enjoy the simple beauty of the branches.
Fuck ya it does. :c
Thanks! What a hot day it was...
You too!
LOL! RT From Simon big surprise coming up with Rachel & I need to be more popular than so more tweets please!
Term-end evaluation: " I feel I learned a lot, but it all feels like one giant mess." Success!
haha. dude. we should have beers this summer.
was the night after you guys beat Indiana on butches banked 3! I think I'm still hungover from that night Gotta love Mondays
"If you have integrity, nothing else matters. If you don't have intergrity, nothing else matters."
“: my bdayis wed 4/4 want to be at 1k followers by then can I get a retweet for a golden domer # gotcha
JP Morgan's Jamie Dimon said on "Meet the Press" that the $2 billion trade loss wouldn't make a dent in the "fortress balance sheet."
Dunning - trending to internal resources - have tools and understanding to optimization through resource additions
Do good and do well. Rey Ramsey
right back to you... XoXo :)
intriguing or scary?? Haha
I'm coming next month 😏
You've got that right.
"Nothing can bring you peace but yourself." -Ralph Waldo Emerson
that sad moment when the little crack in the corner of your phone spreads diagnally to another corner :\
Acting is living truthfully under imaginary circumstances
will be on the 4th floor of
It's abt even
i will... i will... thanks bro
you should call them Yahtzee!
no doubt bra bra
The sower may mistake and sow his peas crookedly; the peas make no mistake, but come up and show his line. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
Pulling for the fellow Red Sox fan at - Is it the new Srixon ball?
Thinking about wearing full '08-'09 travel suit to all my final exams
#FF the Fake Family
I want to see photos of your 80s fabulousness. :-)
Time to hit the links
On top of all now school texted me that they r coming up with date for IEP, more intimidation :(
i miss laci..
THANK U 😃
do you have a website?
i think it is totally wrong that a father sues his son...my gosh
Our pal has gone bionic. Consider yourself warned.
When riding an elevator with one other person, is it unrealistic to expect him/her to make eye contact with anything other than a phone?
Loving new #avatar: #legendofkorra - I so ship Mako and Korra.
any post-#cuj100 parties in DC I can crash? cc
welcome to twitter baby!
Heavy fog to start the day...a new confirmed case of the H1N1 virus in Columbus...and a massive fire out west...all in the headlines today.
Don't let good SEX confuse your heart and make you think your in LOVE
Only 10 minutes 'til trivia at Players better get their games tight.
Late for school. Oh joy.
Way to go #Lakers... End of a great day.
looks like Nick Young lol
Happy National Nurses Week! Thanks for your skill & kindness. "Nurses are angels in comfortable shoes." ~Unknown
Aww! I know, it's been ages - literally years! I'll be back in the fall, though, and we'll definitely have to plan something!
Green napkin dress.
LOL, ok. Man that's disappointing though. It's so depressing to think that it's still a mess.
I unplug my mouse to plug in my iPhone, then reach for the mouse to switch to iTunes.
it didnt go anywhere because my sister didnt sign any papers.shes so absent minded.i want him 2 stay out of fostercare
“: Bears acquire Marshall to most likely find some way to hinder his talent. It's what that team does. >Couldn't agree more!!
Congrats to on winning the #pgachamp this weekend. What a great finish!
Going in for OUTLAWS in the am...."a former white supremist, turned attorney for prisioners" Not a comedy i guess!
welcome to the #Rams by the way! Look forward to you shutting down some WRs next season
NEVER SAY NEVER! (: REMBER THAT!!
Old men saying I could be an actress lol
Q#41 Answer is...D!
#TextsThatLeadToSex "Let's go to the In Union concert!"
America: where Bristol Palin tells us how to live moral lives.
Particularly if your first name is Scarlett.
I think... Oh no. Wait... Maybe? Okay, yes. I'm definitely quite possibly wandering around the ghetto.
Setting my alarm for 6 am. That's painful. Night, twitter.
- much better than a late statement.
cant wait for #nbcthevoice i hope i see you on it<3 it would make my year!!!
is probably gunna start moving this weekend and needs all the help he can get, any volunteers! :-)
We are off to Event Solutions
“: Harry Potter fan: I wanna go to Hogwarts! Percy Jackson Fan: Let's go to Camp Half Blood. Hunger Games fan: I'm fine...”
We've reached 600 followers! Thanks for supporting the American Botanical Council!
you da best, boo bear!<3333333333333333333333333333333333333333 :)
Fuck It, I'm Young
Share your celeb picks on FB for a shot at $25 free driving! RT How 'bout a little Zipcarparazzi conversation? on.fb.me/xY4Ofo
No. I dont want to talk on the phone. Just leave me be
Could be a JavaScript code injection attack.
Looking forward to reading it! Do you have an idea about when it will be released?
Thank you!!! You are awesome!!!
that album goes hard
RT IF YOU LOVE
that's what I thought. Oh well!
also had a strong reaction to 's post today.
let the church say amen!! andre crouch!!! I love it
Everything from forever21 is perfect.
#10ThingsIFindAttractive Guys With Morals .
yeah she is, whatcha gone do?
go head
1000 strong will be at Blezz Melano Release Party!@ Mandees on Broadway hosted by
I speak the truth! But really, you guys coming down again soon?
We are hiring a freelance designer needed for a project starting in May/June. Client branding is clean, minimal, refined. Know anyone?
Awww :) Speaking of which, how is your family?
Happy Mothers Day :) <3
I could do this ALL night. Then we can do quotes. "I'm not a smart man, but I know what love is."
I bet no more than that shows up Saturday at Heinz Field!
cool. Glad it worked! prolly a couple days AT MOST 4 Alejandro. Please post songs! and check out Funny Call! u rule!
What does everyone have planned for the holidays?
12:30 close...done and done
a very big mcdonalds?
but this all comes from speculation, not bona fide knowledge
It is uncommon to discover a business partner who is selfless. In case you are fortunate it happens once in a life-time.
RT The first couple hours of a new diet feels so good until you forget about it and eat an entire birthday cake.
do you think you could ask tyler if he would like to be my date to prom? i would be honored! i love him so much, you know that!
whenever I kill a bug, I always leave the body where I killed it so the other bugs know whats comin if they ever try n' fux with me
I'm so done with everyone
haha have you done much in the holidays?: ) xx
Going to finish Jonathan Strange & Mr. Norrell!
is cooking me food.
Yeah Lol x)
roll call! Lmao my silly butt
bought a gift card, carried the bag out by hand, only to find NO gift card. Cust service said nothing they can do. Thanks !!!
Don't have time to become a prominent university professor? You can always call 888-VOTE-SMART and get a personal researcher.
Merry Easter Jeff!
Children in the dark cause accidents, accidents in the dark cause children
Wow! I used to like #Pacquiao—not anymore! Clearly, he is ignorant and homophobic! Now, I pity him!
I said I was interested in teaching yoga to veterans. Then I was invited to observe a veteran's support group. I heard stories I can't tell
LOL. Thanks but he already follows. :')
You definitely could!
Any specific toy camera brand you love?
Idk SF could take this one
Thank you so much! I love it! <3
Never Change!
Don't introduced me to no bitch!!
making calls to SCA/USATF masters teams
So today's been the most pointless day ever.
Silence....Deciding what to put on! RT : iPod is on shuffle...some rock, some folk, some 80s and 90s. How 'bout you?
Dear Luke Fickell Bausermann sucks and has cost u the game and ur dream job
did roc cute his hair for real
Thank you new skin, youre probably the only thing keeping my fingers from bleeding rt now lol. Tracking guitars all afternoon.
You got that shit that somebody would look for but won’t find
Uh-huh. It's my Privacy Sack (TM).
Yay, enjoy. Give me a call if you have any questions on those fancy setup moves.
we'll have to see how much my brain cells have been diluted by the end of session
Have you seen Yours!!!
this @ face value. If zimmerman were a few shades darker he would have BEEN arrested, on site. No questions.
#BlackParentQuotes "keep crying im gonna give you something to cry about!"
also i might buy owlcity new album
I look like shit. I don't care. I'm so tired!
lol, just a little, don't get too excited
I thought you were my type. Just turns out that you're a dumbass
Great meeting you! RT : great meeting you at #industrynight nice hearing what you had to say!
Angels hope y'all got those tickets ready ny/nj angels flopp your wings and RT excuse me I meant gone be at bbkings ...
I'd love to be involved with any of the Women in UX events at Midwest UX. Let me know if I can help out!
Payback's a bitch.... see u next week about an hour from now Giants
Did you find out about your exposer? It was pretty funny if I do say so myself :)
Oh your a "party promoter". Remind me to never take you serious.
has one too
Your most powerful testimony is how you treat others AFTER the church service is OVER.
2011 is almost ending, send this to 15 ppl you dont wanna lose in 2012, if you recieve this 7 times you are a dear person
Jaguar Land Rover to invest £200m in F-Type factory at Castle Bromwich
Football is #1 IMO no question RT : ...best sport on earth??? Uhhhhmmm....no.
Spiteful people <<<<<<
So happy. So thankful. So full of love.
There is no book that cannot be improved by turning a character into an octopus, if only for a few chapters.
PLUS! YOU GUYS WERE TRENDING WORLDWIDE!
": People with the highest expectations are the people with the most disappointment." Sad but true.
thank you!!
I can't finish book #TheHungerGames. After lifelong diet of Flaubert, Proust, Eliot, et. al., it's like reading a comic book.
WHAT not true
No question, our drivers have great legs! Thanks for being a loyal AmazonFresh customer, Laura!
All I wanna do right now is get in bed . I've been on my feet all freakin night .
On the top of my page, it says "You will automatically be upgraded to New Twitter very, very soon." Because of this, I am deleting this acc.
YOLNT... if you're a cat.
sad, "Wax On, Wax Off" has been replace with "Jacket On, Jacket Off"
Work is unreal today. It's a Thursday people slow the fuck down.
sick as a dog and lost my voice. Won't make it to this awesome event :(.
Wait, is Serena going to bang another one of Blair's boyfriends on the same bar tomorrow?
DC! Magical land of clean streets, strangers making eye contact, and no jaywalking!
well then ill take you out and eat , mcdonalds ? (:
Holy neck bow, Emma.
haha my seats suck too!! Way up there! Lol. I think section 3 row K :) Where are you sitting?
Erm hello you are invited to mine & 's #Narry party!! Woo
You're welcome! Me too! :)
haha reem don't encourage him please
congrats. 111 wpm is AMAZING. Most people don't even believe the iPad can handle touch events that fast!
Sir Charles has ALWAYS been clueless...what else is new? LOL
Thanks so much for the kind twitter love!
has decided to take 4 summer classes so I could graduate early!! I love to learn! :D
I don't believe that anybody feels the way I do about you now.
yes it would be <333 and I would love for you to join me on a cover so let's figure out some time to get together and practice!!
Be Encouraged! Pas
cliff notes?! more like an interpreter! LOL. Jackofall trades, master of none he sews purses & turns water 2 gold!
Stop by Seattle, please!
hey now =P
I love quinns! ended up at cactus this time though.
What's happening at RIT?
Watching 90210. Dylan just said, "Well mystical surf wizard, what does his majesty say about these massive sets of destruction?"
Terry just read a portion of STEALING ANGEL. Check back here tonite for a full tweet of the passage!
should have spent $250M on ANYTHING other than John Carter. #1/4BFail
umm of course we are you 👲
If you have room for only 1, I'd 2nd Scott. Not just because of his love for music but ICHC's community.
Is there a queen bee syndrome? Women acting like men in the workplace...on Today Show...now
im gonna read Catching Fire tomorrow..
head up, stay strong. Fake that smile, and move on.
I know right, I thought somebody had like broke in her crib & kidnapped her or some shit lol
- congrats, Bobby!!!
dang that sucks. ill have to check the library for it then.
Who's still up?
wrap party with at The Vault Tonite
We weren't even dating and you made me cry. Dick
I picked up The New Teen Titans Omnibus Volume II. Marv was writing up a storm and George was hitting his stride!
Ah they're so lame.
Excited for #THENACA this weekend in NC! Performing at the Sampler Showcase on Monday. I hope it's like a Denny's Sampler...
Face Down Azz Up thats the way we like to f**k LMAO
all good now. Thanks and keep up the good work.
This will be cool. MT Confirmed: We have grant support to put on a Charlotte seminar to prep for DNC. Stay tuned for details!
I'm very curious to see who goes home today! #BestOfLuck to all crews! (:
it annoys me that #bgt and #thevoiceuk are on at the same time :(
He pronounced Ianus with the Latin pronunciation!!
Owned a 3d tv for about 9 months n first time using 3d feature. This shit cool
#HappyBirthday to the sweetest, and most handsome twins in the world, and ! #ILOVEYOU GUYS TONS! <333
Whatchu know about banana puffs and On the Go applesauce, baby?
Itching yes, thanks :) Will propose
If you smeeeeeeeelllllllllalalallalaalooooowwwahhhh what the Rock is cookin!!!!
LOL! I won't allow you to use the word either!My MIL used it in my house and I shut her down! LOL *not* kidding haha
I wonder if watching play Text Twist is an example of the quick thinking and extensive vocab that makes him so good at what he does
i want some 
Let me know what kind of flavor you think you want and i will talk with the R&D department. #CIROCSORBET?
I know we both love an infographic!
hey friend. Hope your car is ok! I'm a stones throw from you at the barber shop around the corner. Gettin' my hurr did!
Good question. I asked the Education Department how much the TDRs cost yesterday ... no one got back to me.
Gr8 hang w/Rebirth & Trombone Shorty last night in the Crscnt City! No place like it in the world. Went to Mimi's, but no DJ Soulsista :-(
awesome! I'm at the salesforce HH right now. Keep me updated on what you're up to :)
Thanks! Can't wait to see it! RT : Rob, Larry, Michelle & Mark Ockerbloom of 2day, shooting PSA for
This is disgusting.
I <3 my guitar
Spent the weekend @ the imarketing workshop lead by author Raymond Aaron. Learned a bunch and had fun doing it:)
I clearly didn't get it. Jokes on me.
Show fri Sep 16th at Cobalt Cafe in LA Join us for our singers birthday Plus we get to play with our friends from back east
Who would have thought going on vacation would mean so much work?
thanks man! I appreciate it :)
Oddly enough it feels nice to be home.
RT -Great tweets from these guys and
In an effort to get drunk, some teens are now drinking hand sanitizer which leaves germophobe Moms in a very conflicted place.
Never come off your thrown to deal with peasants throwing tomatoes.-rev run
Cole Adkins is our strategic accounting analyst and consultant! His work is unparalleled!
yeah, easing into it.
morning Jane, lawnmower seems to be lasting so far
uh huh ok
I wanna lover :( lol
Follow me guys, I got some music I think you'll like
Isn't it great? All three bands are super solid. You should come through!
oops name change!
RT I'll ask polite if the devil needs a ride because the angel on my right ain't hanging out with me tonight ;D
Quiet, coffee, and on my iPad
My sister and I are going to watch BattleShip when I get out of school YAY!!!
yeah he wrote it along with someone else lol.. Trust every artist writes a song wif d help of someone else
lo siento m me tengo k ir!!
#whcd Who's ready for brunch! C'mon over!
History was made tonight, But did you really think that Baylor was gonna lose.
Looks like my #1 item on my wish list for Stubhub is finally here! Selling tickets right from iOS! But still no iPad version :/
and still got two more classes today
RT: I wish he would do moves like Jagger off a fucking cliff.
": Jumping in random people's graduation pictures...#YOLO"
The water was pushing the door up I couldnt hold it as strong as I am I reached to what felt like the roof Balled my fist up started to bam.
Some really hardcore drinks there.
What is your favorite name for a pet?
❤ u so much
I think the guy should catch both! :)
Hey you got lunch plans girl? Wanna hit up Buffalo Wild Wings and get to munchin' on some boneless wings?
This class is a complete waste of my time.
Thank you, Brother.
Sounds like a great day! What kind of car? We're looking right now, too! Have fun at the game!
I miss
I'm doing pretty well! Moving into a new apartment in a couple weeks... Stoked for that! Haha :)
Fossil hunter Susan Hendrickson discovers skeleton of largest T-Rex ever--dubbed "Sue"--today in 1990 in South Dakota.
Back in the OK!? Come hang in OKC with the tops :)
I love how Jacob is the only one to call Jackson "Danny" - it's hilarious.
W00t! Video games, video games, video games, games, games! >3<
that might be a good comparison.
Im not an asshole... I just dont give a fuck
I remember....dang you still playing, your blessed brotha. Keep balling!!!!!
The writing is going well. 6 short stories selected for pub in 2011. Looking forward to an even better 2012. How about you?
so #Pittsburgh... do we rot for #Tebow today? or continue hating the
M :) my blankets smell so good
hahaha no! Its an app (:
Patiently waiting...
good game Team East ya'll played great
Major changes coming - stay tuned.
Sunny days wouldn't be special if it wasn't for rain...
“: Never been there either! Cool place for a manger meeting...I'm in the wrong business!”. Haha, Love my job!
Working out details for show at UConn in March or April. See all you Huskies in the spring!
i hear u on that. one day at time then all should fall into place for everyone. i hope. :) what day in aug.?
FLYING TO PANAMA
they have the main items. I thought it was cute.
You have GOT TO BE KIDDING ME.
Bad combination I feel like shit :/ #not decent
Didn't go to school today
drake can get in my pants.
Happy Styling!
Stop in to receive 30% off all Sale items! Going on Now!
Oh and I missed two finals because my marta pass is in there
Tried to get tickets to Avatar for tomorrow & it's sold out. Almost 2 months after release! Crazy. Going on Monday now.
Looking forward to all the new people~ Perfect. You're added to a wonderful, wonderful group of adored and admired friends.
Never watched an overtime THIS intense.
#whosgonnalose - Ohio U v Marshall - Marshall will lose
You're right. Make them earn it. You're the greatest voice of reason.
congrats on yor success. Good luck building on it in 2010
Looks to be another day of "he's sweet jack, sweet jack.com" jingle in my head.
That diaper ad with the cartoon babies having a diaper blowout competition. Nope.
11.1.11 AMBITION DAY & AIMING FOR THE LIKES OF REASONABLE DOUBT IS AMBITION AT IT'S BEST SHIT... IM FIST IN LINE!
I thought Alex was Ukrainian, but now she's Russian...?
I just want someone to cuddle and watch movies with. #TooMuchToAsk?
ok, tweet run about over. Is there anything better than sitting with family? No explanations, no performances, no masks. We are real.
Thanks to a supervisor from Hawaii, who helped me out when none of the other employees would. Almost wrote off #United altogether.
You have until 8 am to call and donate to Bikes for Kids! Call 485-3797 to make a donation over the phone. ANYTHING helps!
I half expected Zakk Wylde to walk out on stage after that Trivium song and shout "DOUCHE!"
Felting...just learning. Wish me luck!
#Cubs manager Dale Sveum hinted at a possible closer change after Carlos Marmol's meltdown
so cuute i want a dog =( Which I will get once I live alone. HAHAHA =x
is here at AT&T/Howard event to ask you questions- where you at?!
dude i suck
please no "RBT" for north line....RAIL ONLY.....in time. Not urs.
LADIES follow and get you something to wear for the summer
yes and i might get home school lmao
Titty boi got me on MERCY...Guess he earned that...2 Chainz it is!!! Lol
Happy 1 year blog anniversary & !! You're doing a great job!
"She knocked out three guys and elbowed an usher to catch that ball" -guy sitting in front of us after caught the foul ball lol
great idea
Ugh soo much paper work but I'm at the hospital with my best friend because mom is here! Hope she gets better! xoxo
Whether or not you think you can or you cant. Either way, you are right!
Congrats to you and Angela!
oh i know! crazy corporate lingo. we should be proactive and change the paradigm :)
Tomrorow is Gang Green vs Dirty Birds, 1p, Unthank Park. epic
Haters gonna hate, #mahomies gonna love ♥
let's chat!! Back corner in red plaid
for whiz?
Thanks! We're open starting next Weds, 3/21. Stop by and say hi anytime! (Well, evenings and weekends). :)
go kings!
very cool!
fever + chills means blankie on the couch.
haha! I do! Just a lot going on...good stuff, but busy!
looking for a longer swing type trade take a look at YGE there is gaps to be filled candle suggest change in trend open green today
No person is safe from temptation except the one who flees from it
That could be most definitely true...
Out - lost two coinflips to the same spewy player. Happy with my play, but not with the result. Sorry investors, tried me best
the band or actual cake?
will you be submitting it? www.ourcityfilmfestival.com
My stupid dimples!!!
Groupon moments away from being traded as public stock. KOIN Local 6 News
Tonight for the Black Sands Album release. Gonna Rock!
who u workin for now?
Bahahaha. This is too much fun.
Those laws only apply to people being forced into such conditions. In Hollywood people purposely sell their freedom for cash!
On Earth?! There is no _uglier_ website? Come on… I am the first to criticize, you know this, but that's a bit much.
I don't care how good you are! I honestly don't!
BTW, still looking for Tailors in Hong Kong. Anybody have any recommendations?
Guns dont kill people... People kill pe -GUNS!!
#RIPMCA you were the real deal 100% and the world will miss you!
All the good guys like the hoes. *sigh
I want i want i want but thats crazy. ♥
Loved meeting you too and thanks to for the intro!
Milwaukee friends & YPs, join me for networking & fun at 's Purely Social event tomorrow, 6-9pm (411 E. Mason St)
don't think i dont know what u left in my car door. game on sister
you know the creator of spongebob was gay right?
The only kind of Blizzards I like have crushed Oreo's in them...
In the studio working with AC. Her new mixtape is in the making. Hot shit, hands down.
No worries, Bailey. Everything is looking good on our end. These are stressful times but take a deep breath and let's
you're AMAZING!
Lax, lax, soccer, soccer...dinner with a luvly btle of Dom Serene Pinot. Soccer, soccer, lax, soccer champ game - win! W/E sports done! ah
We've been working so hard at our jobs, selling our home, new home search & move. Today feels like the first little break in a long time.
#MittRomneyFilms -Lie Hard- this has to have been used.
I just cancelled my TiVo service - it felt like breaking up with a long-time girlfriend or something!
im find hit u on dm
haha what up man
#BestTimeToSmokeWeed on a cool saturday nite
That's understandable. And I'm not going to lie, I'm pretty nervous. Go Pack Go!!
Let's see it! Everybody is hurtin for new work. “: 41 pages edited / reworked tonight. Almost ready to share my non-musical drama.”
Awesome!! Enjoy!!! Take lots of pix!!
Don't you ever for a second get to thinking, you're irreplaceable!
I have been rolling with pimps since I was in diapers (:. I know ! Like I miss mama gabbys' brownies .
no napoleon dynamite Is amazing
Morning Rockstars! > It is impossible to imagine anything which better becomes a ruler than mercy. - Seneca
haha yeah I'm done. Had a real good day yesterday...spurs best in epl?
#TebowGotTradedFor a kool aid singles packet
Coaches life speaches are the best
slept so god
hardly severe! not like you in twister alley!!
Good Morning All! Any creative plans today?
Welcome to the AFC East, Tim Tebow.
Nd the #og just as #strong as can be LET'S TAKE A TRIP OUTTA TOWN!
#welcometojamaica Where we say head-top, foot-bottom, and neck-back. I love my people!!! My Jamaican massive need to #follow me.
what's your wed specials and any crazy #CraftBeer taps
I <3 dubstep. Dubstep is the best band in the world.
4 more days till I'm swimmin in V.I. Waters
It may just be sleep deprived craziness at this point though.
Elsevier takes another hit with the very public resignation of an associate editor of its journal Genomics.
Harry Potter at 8am. This is the best vacation ever.
Funniest part was that the teacher didnt find out till after the class was over lol i swear almost died of laughter!! member!?
FRIDAY NIGHTS BELONG TO
thank you so much for following me! I love all of your tweets :) love you!
Thanks for RTs, follows & mentions!!
Aw well im sorry pussy(: RT : lol, that was unnecessary and rude :(
Finally done with that stupid paper
I'm following you on the advice of my man He assured me you'd follow back. Dont disappoint !
Also, will give spooky books to deserving urchins, but do you have any other suggestions for matching books with those in need?
Photo 71...is there a communist Russian sect living down there??
Don't know why anyone would not want an iPhone
you are welcome
I'm glad you're finally havin fun...but I'm too hung over.lol
Hi the film premieres in June. We will make it available for screenings to groups. Thanks!
Scouting for a commercial shoot! Anyone have any leads for a backyard deck in the #Milwaukee, #WestAllis, or #SouthMilwaukee areas?
My kind of place. I am always cold. What was it like 40 to 35 degrees.
n what's that lol
let me know if we have to reschedule tomorrow's lunch due to snow. Not sure if it will be bad or if it is just hype.
LoL. Harry Potter, right?
Oh my god DC had an earthquake! I'm fine though but that was just scary and totally unexpected
totally decked a bitch in the face tonight
RIP Junior Seau. Jesus.
if Purdue is this good, the Big 10 is really good.
I heard you actually programmed and led art direction on the whole thing, but refused to have your name in the credits.
too soon to swoon. Oh who am I kidding? :::swoon:::
true..which means he wasn't pose to see the ball at all on that possession lol
Use your smile to change the world Dont let the world change your smile(:
My son says his favorite dinosaur is the Team Rex.
is on my freaking radio right now.
I don't know what #Girardi's going to do in the 9th. But, he's used 4 #Yankees pitchers to get 8 outs in #relief tonight.
Is emerging structure more complex? ML Kennedy thinks not, also points out libraries have new direct line to university president.
You need to find a niche where you can excel
que son los "all inclusive"?
Only one way to find out. ;-)
Lumina's attainment goals are bold, but are they realistic? Setting goals is the easy part (see Goals 2000 & NCLB)
Already am. Netflixed thu Season 1 in, oh, a week.
That isn't funny! ;-)
how about that Pierre Paul. #getthename right
Friday nights weak when it's cold
Don't wanna give in so we both gave up ~
We weren't talking about singing, we were talking about talking. Why bother, right? We have twitter. haha
no problem! ;D
bulls fallen out
Stop! I wanna go home, take off this uniform, and leave the show.
What about research network analysis?
Investing 8 billion in community colleges!
so cool! Genius marketing
Real and permanent good.
Fickell is the most qualified candidate for the PSU job. Once we send him to the Citgo they should hire him
Sorry for all of negative tweets. Happy new year.
"the VA said I couldn't go to therapy because I was too dangerous, but how does that make sense? - josh
I love you bella you inspire me so much! Can you follow back its on my new years resolution for you or justin bieber to follow!
Is it the end of the road for Bachmann? Political expert opinion tonight FOX 9 @ 9pm.
WAIT, it's almost 4pm!? How did that happen?
- Oceanport, NJ! Show us your love today :)
Will do my best. The NY shows are not TOO far from Boston.
Empower yourself.
A great burger challenge can be found OnFarwell and North.
Is this Peanut you refer to?
Productcamp Mobile Strategies presentation is at 2p
Damn, some classes already ending for me this week. Definitely gotta savor the next few sems, shit is going by too quick...
paki-check po yung twitter name. Its not bruno its bruro see the difference bitch!! Know ur #FACTS!
To fully appreciate what you have, you must know what life would be like without it
Tech bubble pop - I think what he's really talking about is cycle, every industry has cycles, why would tech be different?
The Most under used,under rated guy in the Wwe,Face turn,team up with Sheamus..great tag team
setting up some campaigns on Google #Adwords. If you need help getting your business name out there to customers this is a good idea
#CIO, know someone, perhaps you, with new job, promo or retired? Pls let me know for my Movers&Shakers blog on DM me here, tx
Ive searched everywhere, yet I can not find a single fuck to give
thanks, girl! xo have a great weekend :)
“: If You Refuse To Follow My First Instruction...I Will Not Burden You With A Second. #drMM #fb”
Don't forget about our Broker class coming up next week! Starting Oct. 4 M-F 1-4pm go to www.tuckerschool.com to sign up!
let's network
Tomorrow is April. No it's gonna be June. -_-
": RT : I'm voting for for Gen Prez!"~And you know I appreciate you good brother! How have you been?
putting the beats on TONIGHT!
Grammy's polling best performance evah..your mom at the top at 89.9 surpassing EVERYONE!!....TEAM WHITNEY!!!!!
Happy Easter everybody from Niquenique to you!!!<3
. It's crazy talk. I'm *already* paying for the bandwidth to my house -- I don't want to pay for it twice. Absurd!
she's getting her hair done for prom so she can't be older than 18. Lol #commonsense. I wish I was 18 again damn
Be who you are not who society wants you to be -A LMAO
THERE YOU GO!!! POINTS IN THE PAINT
The weather is finally getting better , (:
MONDAY NIGHTS RULE AT KBEACH! good music, tune in & psych out
Wish I didn't have plans to be at the Spring ILP 2nd weekend, otherwise I'd be at the Urban Bush Woman's Harlem Jazz Brunch.
hahaha I love it! And the music video(:
If my future husband ever makes me move to the Midwest, I'm giving him a Glitz Pageant baby. So there.
You're there again?
I am back to promote! How are all the lovely Nextdoor Fans doing today?
hey ok i just want to ask wat you do is real like real ghost
My friend made me go see Michael Jackson movie tonight. It was ok. He seemed ok/energetic. It would have been a heck of a show for sure.
ok cool, just shoot me the when & where
Work then heading to Detroit Rock City for some family fun
Lol. Aw. (: That makes me feel special. (: & Don't worry you still have time to grow. :D
Welcome to Twitter! Lookin forward to your tweets.
What are you grateful for?
I love it! You are do much fun to shoot. Thanks for letting me get you for Urban Weeds!
Eve of the new Premiership season = Match of the Day song stuck on my head. Even on the other side of the Pond....
follow me PLEASE
Give me the chance to love you, I'll tell you the only reason why..Cauz you are on my mind ♡̨̐
Now you're official ;)
Next Wednesday. I'll let you know for sure. “: Where is the column?”
Oh :( That's 3 hours from Austin.
how fast do you type on your iPad?
Axxess Tickets On Sale This Saturday!
thought leaving cell on loud at work was annoying until the ringtone changed to a recording of their dog barking
that's weird dude. They probably won't accept your travelers' checks either.
#twitter > #facebook because no one cares if you post every two minutes. 💩👿🔫😲👊😢💨😢
Everyone always talks about being shocked it's neon green is all. It's kind of a right of passage now. :)
We gave you a shout out on our latest podcast recording. Will be up soon!
Q4: How do you think the blowback from the industry will affect next year's decision, if at all?
#Olympics fans follow our client Medalist (Elana Meyers) - Bobsled
Ok finally got into Pablo Honey.....only took 18 years
DC: And when you elect me mayor, I promise to place industrial sized space heaters all over town. No more freezing!
Sounds good. Thanks☺
and your productivity is the reason I intrest
A cool thing about ripping old CDs to the computer...rediscovering music that I haven't listened to in a long time
Breaking News : All 7-11s in the Denver Metro area, are completely sold out of Slurpees & BBQ chips... Please go away stoners :)
is there a board mtg tonight?
Happy Thanksgiving to Everyone!!! Love & Blessings to all <3
RT Please tbs tnt and who ever else, stop showing these annoying Conan commercials. We get it.I agree 100%
Ricky Gervais as GG host, not finding him funny, just mean spirited but doing so with a smile on his face
When old friends say they miss you c': >>>>
The secret to happiness is this: Treat others as you would like to be treated. ~Linda Picone
I fell asleep in my oversized chair again.
super pumped just got here after traveling 5 hrs!
What is going to be the biggest challenge for you personally this season?
If you go after someone just because she's beautiful but don't have anything to talk about, it's going to get boring fast
I wanted to try a new yogurt, but there was an obese woman in a Rascal blocking the display. It seems we're two ships passing in the night.
Done my friend. Keep up the good work.
Ryann jus solved every single one of my problems tonight #props he is good for something you guys 👍😊
“The secret to getting ahead is getting started.” ― Mark Twain
Congrats to Company for creating Pike's Golden Anniversary IPA - the Official Beer of the Space Needle's 50th Anniversary!
Splurge Gang is copyrighted & trademarked we need you to stop publishing music with our name or our lawyer will be contacting U
Thank you for the RT!
its pretty exciting!
If you're the horse than yes ;) haha
greyhound! grapefruit meringue w/a vodka crust!
You say I'm not your type, what? A strong, independent, beautiful woman is not your type? WELL THEN FCCK YOU!
I've done so much it would surprise a lot of people.
“: HAPPY BDAY WHOADIE!!”Thanks Come To Peanuts Tonight!!!
Why is he so hyper? Lol. He has me weak.
Hi Anything! :p
Pretty unfair that Dubinsky gets a game misconduct when Boyle wasn't fighting at all. Bad break for
that was the yummiest chocolate peanut butter cupcake ever! Thanks!
See? It's kismet.
Just finished visiting with Thanks for having us! We look forward to hearing from you soon.
Is Atlanta really up by 30 points.. LOLOLOLOL.. Like I said before.. EASY...
It's 3 already?? Feels like 2
#weddingplanwednesday #thriftythursday #stvincentssaturday (bonus points for appropriate saints' days)
Check out MyHouse Friday!
Turf Toe was an evil invention by someone to ruin a persons foot for life...
I think Santorum's shininess makes him look a bit sickly. Although all of them look a little pasty
I love you forever!<3
congrats ! You've won the $100 gift certificate to Ann Taylor/Loft
truly a fine line, but overall point was to be informed and give customers as much as *they want* about coffee.
"I was raised by then stop signed , no religion I was getting saved by then stop sign"
Yes, i put new music in my ipods ^__^
Teaching to a full house! Digital Marketing Strategies class
I wanna go to disney world :(
ok, good to know. Would you be up for a brainstorming conversation?
oh derder i feel dumb n LP<3
Dude ass aint never just fall off a house though!!! Lmfao
And if you've tweeted me & I've never responded in a single way, slap me across the face.
Solidarity in writer's block. We'll push through. RT : I cannot write to save my life write now. Please kick me or something.
I really don't wan't to hear the Knitting Club talking about their g spots while I am trying to do homework -_-
Gravitas up on stage and pouring on the hard rock pudding at Church.
So do the stars that represent your rep on XBL actually change? My rep is really low (Mostly from rage quitting) and it is still 5 stars.
Happy Easter!
Second half play is underway here at Magness Arena
I think I win by refusing to give in to fear.
your pretty
At City House in Nashville...amazing.
thanks mama. Kristen is here so that should help me decompress after the boys are dwn
Love that Americans say check not cheque lol
That looks serious!
GOOD MORNING TO ALL MY FOLLOWS .HAVE A BLESS DAY !
Life stops when you no longer have solutions- InSpotter mobile app
Man, I'm loving Fringe. And this new iPad 3 is pretty nice too.
RT: New post, "Clearwire Enters the Gateway to the West Bringing CLEAR 4G to St. Louis – MarketWatch (press release)" -...
Not years when kane attack you
Darling your heads not right.
A Relationship Where Yall Both Are Scared To Lose Each Other >>>
#20ThingsIlove my phone & radio.
I have been sitting here for two hours preparing to study. Haven't even opened my book yet...
little sister.
You know its true!
Couldnt find a sitter for #BumpItUp event at #Equinox tomorrow night? Well, they now have #FREE childcare! No excuses now!
Goin on air soon..WOAD, Jackson MS
Storns roar through region, triggering tornado sirens and delivering rain, hail - Worthington Daily Globe
Wipe off DVDs after you borrow them
you should come to Laredo t.x
Your a bottom, you don't get to eat corn
Okay so I done slick fell asleep, n my right butt cheek is too...but I'm finna turn up now!
im proud of u too!
car still broken, software always broken, bills getting me broke, again
“: btw going ATVing at the end of the month. I wanna go back to LV and do it there sometime.” always
Forgot to mention my nigga BJ Gully Dev all the old ass niggas
:) so you left me alone to be scared? Thanks..I feel the love
In one of the stranger episodes of contemporary art LA, witnessed Hung's Thomas Jane read Paul Thek at the Hammer. &It was amazing!
I got Bronchitis!! Ain't nobody got time for that!!
Reading now!
those who want to come get some. u think id use fists? anyone come on my property as a threat gets a 357 hot load
Yes, your profile photo.
Meeting w/ Casting Director in Chicago tomorrow to read for a supporting role for feature film starring Dennis Quaid & Zack Efron.
#XFactor is rigged there is no way Rachel Crow got less votes than a guy who was on the bottom 3 times. He needs the show more than Rachel.
Exhausted. It's only 10:30
ok I'm back! Did you have a drink with me? Lol
NO WAY! So is Justin McShea (well, he got a MLS) and John Carey (did you know him?)
I love when people promise you something, &you believe it. Even though you know its a lie.
On my way to see blow it out da park
The Self is the source of love. People who live their own love stories have learned this lesson above all.
dang! You should be in your third dream already!
“: “: It would be pretty awesome to be a Wal-Mart greeter when I grow up.” #Caleb” AAAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
Psst! Want a backstage peek at a Reman U issue from idea to inbox? It even includes some exciting &
A man without ethics is a wild beast loosed upon this world. - Albert Camus
Thanks RT : oh my that's hot
Happy Earth Day! In honor, I planted my garden yesterday!
I need some rest today
Probs couldn't hear the alarm hearing aid #dead ...?
So sad to learn of the death of Jeffrey #Zaslow. Big loss in the literary world.
Thanks to everyone who became a Facebook fan so quickly!
RT “: oomf breathe smells........ I hate that shit to the fullest” Point Em Out!
PickUpLine: Does God know you've escaped from Heaven? Come with me to my place. You can stay there until he calls looking for you.
Me too RT : I want a person who comes into my life by accident, and stays on purpose.
ah gotcha how long u been out there
Aye Katherine said we can go see my brotha when we get down there.
congrats! hope you've finally recovered from #vegas... DM me your address & I'll send you that lip gloss. Xo
Hubby just told me that Junior Seau went to his middle school. R.I.P.
April's live radio show starts in a few hours, get on down here!
I hate when I take my sleeping medicine, I sleep all the next day away..
Wore a fishing shirt for the first time tonight. Needless to say, it was monumental. thx
i love youu ;)
heyy ! :) havent talked to u in like for ever ! :)
So we filmed dumbass yesterday... Im hella sore...
you are the definition of sexy ;)
We support #Baltimore's new advocacy group! Join us for happy hour at Liam Flynn's Ale House 22 W. North Avenue Fri 4/20
Playing Bush League All-Stars right now on
blasted Internet.
Idk why I even subscribe to stuff like this...I guess to keep the dream alive lol
Leadership is not a reward. It is earned through action and progressive thinking.
RT : Tonight is Pay-What-You-Can for IVANOV! Catch the 7pm show for a $10 minimum donation! At door sales only.
yeah Told me and they where texting me how cool you are and I'm doing good how about you
"Do less - do it better." -- people have probably been saying that since the beginning of time. It's still true.
Yeah I've been feeling better today.
In India, meeting with leaders on economic development projects.
Thanks! That's sweet!
wow ... That's just beautiful.
Happy birthday to one of the greatest people I've ever met, !
The owner of a small firm that cannot attaining operating capital to to run their company could use AR factoring
I like all the events leading up to the Derby. I also like the buzz around the city.
Just saw The L.A. Complex..its a good show.
You just started following me? Wow...I am so honored...
#AdventureTime Finn: I'm not gonna spank you hams! Man: What?!
We've sold out of White Truffles. More due Wednesday afternoon if you want to sign stock.
Go with 11 always a solid number
Everyone else in the room can see it. Everyone else but you.
lol. Girl I walked in slow bcuz my neck was hurting.
Are you getting a motorcycle or do you already have one?
- DIW's Kwanzaa Preview w/ JC Hayward - now - check it out
Excited to hand the cut over to our scorist. 11 days, 1 test screening, and a run-through with the crew until we finish the composer's cut.
"The poems linger on scenes of profound violence and inhumanity, reporting heavy truths of war, massacre, and disaster."...
only people who never get text feel like that
Fuck it, more power to 'em. Just makes me laugh, really. An ironic, slightly crazy laugh, one I'm sure *you* understand...
boy flex (Mad Cobra voice)
#itsawesomewhen our clients call us to tell us how much they LOVE how their most recent #print job turned out!
Very tough task but if anyone deserves a tweet from it is you
I wouldn't be a man if I didn't feel like this .
What sort of stupid shoes are you wearing stupid. - Honey Badger
At the meadows mall(:
He really made my night with that 😘❤
My dream is a #jobinsports! RT Students who want to work in sports...chance to interact with numerous professionals in sport
got to be one there we can serve at when we fire up "east"
lol sounds pretty good to me
At Children's Mercy with Addy. Allergic reaction to something yet unknown. All good but scary there for a bit!
Go out to broomstock today to support our bros and some of us will be there!
love it here! Everyone is so friendly and it's so green!
Go Broncos !
yep how are you my dude? Hope Japan treating you well
Day 2 Summer Meetings taking place currently, talking about trainers, insurance, and organizational charts
finally get to lay down ..
Just got to Milwaukee and realized I left my keys in South Bend.
Gig alert: We're headlining at Tiffany's Lounge in St Paul on Saturday @ 10PM. Should be a great night - fake blood included!!!
Congrats to Carlos Condit on his win! Way to rep for New Mexico!!
It's overpriced. It'll drop further...
We're pleased to say that Abby Smith Rumsey and Amanda Booher have agreed to participate in the second TILTS symposium, March 10-12!
ah. Well they get to pick the image, right?
Doing stuff is overrated. Look at Hitler. He did a lot but wouldn't have been better if he stayed home & got stoned?
Personal prefrence. Just don't want to be like the masses...
Good #workout ! Your making GREAT progress!
Happy Birthday Yogi Berra!!
New bedtime ritual by the eldest EL: must know score before we sleep. It's much easier for elmomma if we are winning at bedtime!
DAMN IT, REDSOX. You are breaking our hearts.
Well that is crap. Get Eric Guerra to have a fundraiser for your pool. He's good at that!
you know, Johannes, I never actually got a DM the other day, just an email saying I had a DM. I think Beware of those emails
wow, thank you! We love your station! :-)
What is the most powerful lesson or inspiration you learned during 's #CompCloud keynote? How will you incent better?
Harassment hitting me from all directions.
thanks for following up back!! check out our music when you get a chance!
I'm dealing with a crazy love triangle thing and I'm stuck in the middle. An I never did shit. Fuck this DRAMA Shit!
yeah it was mind blowing! Also, there's a Chipotle 10 min walking distance from our apt :-)
Fuck that new bell we got, nxt time the bell all i wanna hear is "fuck the other side other side aint shit!" we need iceberg @ this school
plase come to mexico
Facebook’s Facial Recognition Adds Tags Automatically eweekeurope.co.uk/news/facial-re… via
A tropical storm is VERY unfashionable...No? postponed due 2 hideous weather, will resume next Sunday
Baltimore and New York. Favorite cities cuz of my two favorite shows.
Replace your Furnace and/or AC and save w/ lower energy bils and take advantage of the $1500 tax credit!
Thanks. No much about SEO?
My mom needs to burn that new Abercrombie shirt she bought me.
be my friend on facebook! Just search Crisston Lee Crass. I am the one with the same default as this one
Good luck making the team next year lawson your garbage
can u shout me out who ever follow me ill follow bac
“: Not Familiar w/Fairview Park? New rec, lots of parks, close 2 shopping, Lake Erie & major highways. 20 mins->downtown.”
Did you walk/bike to school as a kid? Could your kids? 10% of kids walk to school now; not so long ago, it was 80%. Think it matters?
Sarcasm ? ;) lol jk. Sounds good though.
How DARE you address me directly!!!
Chyeah you did!!
All the LMTF lyrics, they're just making my day.
time eventually runs out. if you have something good, hold on to it because fate can only determine how long you can have it for.
lol good night
hey new music from
I miss my old sis. I want my old sis back. This one is mean :(
Got home from a long 5 hr drive from WI. Now watching videos all night!!
It's a flashback within a flashback
oh....you poor thing! My cousin had migraines and seeing her was a lottta pain , so I understand what you're going through....
So and I couldn't make it but I know is fittin' to kill stage w/
ANOTHER WAY 2 END SLAVERY IS TO CHANGE THE PENAL SYSTEM, PRIVATIZED PRISONS R THE NEW FORM OF SLAVERY & PIMPING.
tell your brother I said hi .
#ThatAwkwardMoment when you can't read your own handwriting xD
Tina Turner bought Ike a BMW?
No problem! The orientation will be almost all day, the white coat ceremony is the last part, at 5 or 6 p.m. that day.
May i follow you?? Your tweets look good enough to read!! :)
Im so bored
I will after what just happened!
There's nothing I hate more than backseat/passanger drivers.
:-) RT : When was the last time you experienced sound effects in a slide presentation? I can count about 10 so far today.
I'm listing all world-wide green/recycle art events on www.artisansgonegreen.com. Send me info you have about events you know about. Thanks!
Hey Get a life ho... Wanna hang out soon???
We're busy putting together our Thursday night sand volleyball team. Look out, world. We're real good. That's right... ...
What do you get if a huge hairy monster steps on Batman and Robin ?Flatman and Ribbon !
Listening to Neil Young - On the Beach today
Why is it when you go into a bar and try to read everyone wants to talk with you.
Nothing feels better to walk in my room and find a stack of clean boxers 👍
De que?
Season 6 of scrubs: greatest ever. (yes it's my mmthird time thorough but whatevs! I'm Indian! I was gonna be a surgeon at one point!)
I like that ppl find me easy to talk to
psyched for 2 nights in DC! RT : Mylo Xyloto world tour kicks off today. Make it loud #Edmonton! PH
damn...i had this twitter for like a year and still don't know how to add a pic.. I feel so fuckin' smart... smfh.... -FAIL-
Well done, You deserve a standing ovation from my tallest finger.
Moving derek into his house right now :| imma miss my favorite brother :(
Like, idk, clubs like ours should be in this together against the Citys of the world.
Missy: I Never Get Mad At Anyone But My Boyfriend. Jasmine: Youu Get Mad All The Tiimmee. Me: Youu Kickedd Me Outt Of Your House!! -___-
I missed you to
Getting my hair did. Always scary to do a new color....ah
so 7 1/2 hous of training. I think my brain is going to burst!
omg no
Just finished a mtg. w/ one of my client organizations They are making a huge difference.
Signed little girl up for a games computer.
SE la Vie We cant be everywhere
Would like to thank everyone for making Irie's 5 de Mayo Salsa party the best one in town! Kudos!
In retrospect, three espressos before noon might have been overkill.
What Turkish place?? Wit the Gyros??
tracked bass tnite with the always in the pocket this CD just went to another level.
Extra innings coming up here at Mt. Pleasant as Paris and San Jacinto are tied at 4
thanks Morgan! It was great having you at yesterday!
just got done following all my followers
Wouldn't you guess? The musicians of the sound pretty amazing! Looking forward to tomorrow night's concert.
Attending the GHP Annual meeting.
Thanks for the shout out! Yes, been awhile. Conference season and bad tree allergies kicking in our sons asthma has me slipping.
I Saw Red right now! Tonight is going to be nuts. Love me some Richs afterhours!
Nobody is any better then anybody else.
Señorita has been stuck in my head for the last 3 days.
I think I like who I'm becoming
hahah...yeah...sure
Eyeing your toys suspiciously after watching Toy Story.
unfortunately not but at least it's got free shipping ;)
still waiting to fly out of Knoxville.. It's gonna be a long day
bitches aint loyal
let's go #lobos!!!
Glad my day is finally over. Today was rough. Need to just lay back and chill.
well it's true!
We're meeting at Indiana Gen Soc booth a little after 12
What is that??
Thanks to the #ACA, 40,000 seniors in #MN05 receive preventative services at no out-of-pocket cost.
Happy Birthday Hans Christian Andersen! Thanks to him we have The Ugly Duckling, The Little Mermaid, Thumbelina, The Snow Queen, & more!
WOO The Steelers just selected Dont'a Hightower from Alabama. Oh wait it was only a Mock Draft on SportsCenter right now. Damnit!
you must be breathing easier
:o share it ! Lol
*At a family party* Mama: "Saludaste a toda la famila?" (There is like 2850493 people there)
It makes me feel so old. Mo's been my favorite for a long time.
Heading out to for a lunch review of their spring menu for
Crush is now online........... Me: aiohfuichweufjhe too bad i cant message him cuz he wont reply :/
Google Revamps Google News: Today Google is releasing a redesigned version of their Google News site to English-la
TY for RT . So glad to find you & #systemsofengagement on Twitter. # socialmedia
when I order a hot pink MacBook case and it comes in like a red/orange color <<<<
NEED #PROMOTION????/
Extraordinary is average. If you aint doin' thangs on that extraordinary level, then you aint doin' what you need to be doin'...
It's official the oyster dinner is sold out! Planning another one in oct. don't miss some crazy fun oysters this week! C u at Harbor House!
Map to Sweetwater River Trail - 7 mile out and back- beautiful- ready to run it again, want to go? www.usatf.org/routes/view.asp?rID=432834
Happy Leap Day! Don't forget today is the last day to get up to $100 off camp tuition! Promo code: Practice12
hell yeah me too bruh
If we eat turkey before a show we might fall asleep halfway thru. Though, our audience is usually asleep at that point anyway
Autism Costs $137 Billion "The majority of the costs associated with #autism over the lifetime occur in the adult years"...
One- on- one relationships are key to doing business. It's how you gain trust. Networking is so important!
#Congratulations! You are reading my 100th #tweet. Now everyone is having a great day.
Netflix CEO - "We are now primarily a streaming video company," but he likes to leave out that less than 5% of inventory available. Phony.
Don't forget to #zapcash in your twitters.. get creative 2! Also check out the site for products & we would love feed back on contest ideas!
SAT word of the day: hapless (adj.) unlucky
Have to tell you, we have ability to put Zak-Del on the units now, as custom art. Check out our process, ultra cool and quality
thank you for the cupcake - very delicious.
Seriously, you guys look like a million fucks!!
Had an extra-awesome time documenting at the Timken museum in Balboa park, so many interesting museum visitors :-)
You want to meet up bro
You ain't never caught a rabbit and you ain't no friend of mine.
I'm slowly drifting to you This star is a planet I culminate The beauty gets away from you I'm on my way, I'm on, I'm on
He now is the lead for Street Dogs, another great pro-union Irish punk band. If you haven't yet, check em out!
I was just about to send you a tweet! Some things never change. Wish you could be here with us this weekend!
Yes, I still RT the old way. Fuck your opinion.
Jammin to Paul Revere and Girls!
Back in #chicago but already missing #tampa ugh
"I got my toes in the water, ass in the sand not a worry in the world a cold beer in my hand - Life is good today." - Zac Brown Band "Toes"
Fish larvae find the reef by orienting: The earlier the better For the first time, a numerical study incorporates horizontal larval fish
Thanks so much. Happy new year to you! xo
O boy this is great!
bet...coming into to city??
TIP after a flood - Remove wet fabrics and dry them as soon as possible. Hang furs and leather goods to dry separately at room temperature.
Watching #Duke vs. #Maryland basketball on #ESPN. you guys better be at that game!
give is new Yorkers live by following me nd
“: I love when fat girls wear yoga pants.” I know you LOVE this ;)
Pretty sure*
#ILovePeopleThat that listen to
Vegas is for a couple of days - 3 max. After that you`re in as much of a hurry to leave as you were to get there.
oh I forgot they don't let #cubs be MVP's #misnomer that is where people with potential go and die
#word RT : Still writing.
I need a composer for my documentary! Students are welcome :-)
Theese kids are crazy
just learned about it and will be listening
Re-Watched the BSG ep again where Cylons show up at New Caprica; one of the best season-ending cliffhangers ever.
my bad , you ain't shit ta me damn . I ain't gotta trust fund ta look forward to #your whack
I dont get the song but I like it lol
Ain't no way around it !
Great day! Every day these days is tons of fun and work, but I'm exhausted at the end of each.
The offense in this #osu vs #m*ch*g game is horrible
and love
its a combo of things.late inning pitching is hurting us as well as lack of runs.Is bobby v gonna last to the allstar break?
I was not being rude. you can't really show expression through text.
lol, I cant tell you.. I can only show you.
I've scared you away too, haven't I?
Peel Here Re-Wind this saturday. All art will be for sale...."cuz we make stickers"
*Whistles* Just an Angel in disguise...or is it de sky?
Just like the dream: you take all yr collage materials high up into the branches of trees. Buttons & old books, stored in thermal lunch bags
Really weird seeing Greek Week activities happening...pyramid, rope pull, etc. Nostalgia, etc. Really happy to see my little from APO.
i just got my ticket to go see , n for may 11 in Tucson :D
you are SO FREAKING AMAZING . It kills me .
there are not enough curse words, nor normal words, nor tears, right now, to feel what i am feeling.
That joint is by far and away his best Nike commercial.
Since when did all these females attempt to try to talk to me?? Lol what has the world turned into? lmao
I am honored! Looking forward to May 31st.
PEOPLE ALL AROUND BUT I STILL FEEL ALONE
gallery will be OPEN today from 7pm-9pm. come down and check things out.
Crushed some chesticles today at and now I'm strictly breathing in greatness.
you mean she's addicted to lead poisoning.
stop hating! 😊
good girl! lol
we agree!
what games were involved? And got a time stamp for you at PATV?
When politicians want to cut the NEA, they should first look to the $320 million spent on military bands (more than twice that of the NEA).
the world isn't right if and I can't find SOMEthing to bicker about, lol.
“: We have a potential zero tip situation at lunch"
yea you are lol
exactly! What's your favorite album? :3
We gotta take one day at a time..
Kick some ass down there, dude! Our TKAM opens Friday - wish us luck!
.4 I'll Never Cheat On You
Happy end of Summer. Hope all recovering from Irene and enjoying the beautiful day!
RT : At for the party. is killing it.
Thanks for the blog tweet! Happy #WriterWednesday!
is he in a wheelchair because of degrassi?!
That was amazing, that was amazing and oh, that was god damn amazing.
Need great, exp. reps in KC, MO starting 8.25, please send resume, pic and contact info to ASAP!
how yu get yo letters like that on yo name
My wife just diagnosed herself with sun poisening. Tough break!
I'm doing it now. I've done it like 15 times now.
sir! Are you in my fair city this evening? Would love to see you if you have time for an old college pal ;)
absolutely, 3:1 is about right. I'll take the high for this one right now though!
DING DING DING!
Hmm i think imma stay single for awhile and just mess around. :p
watt even my grandpa and uncle said it look like you lol
"I'm got damn givin u da money" lmao
I expect a full report on Marco's.
I missed you too man!! Where have you been and how have you been??
What is happening to all my followers?:O
Girl just turned around and stared at me while i used my nasal spray...
apple ipod touch 4th generation case: Hot Deals Snap-On Hybrid ...
I should be studying... Oh well
any advice to help me from getting hurt when I go snowboarding next week?PLEASE REPLY! I've been trying for 2wks for you 2reply
ENTREES - ATLANTIC SALMON eggplant puree, seared greens, feta and sundried tomato dressing
I swear Austin had sex hair after he danced....
If you could give me one good reason why I would trade Josh Hamilton away, you got him, otherwise stop offering trades for him. I'm not dumb
Lol right, same here.
gradients = legit.
Are you guys still looking for a third band to round out the reunion show?
SO WOULD MARKY MARK!
When Confidence is the key to a successful future. :)
Chelsie & Roshon had a very good threesome dance
3rd circle of Hell.
Visualization Strategy that can be used in public speaking – “Fifth, Think about your love for and desire to help the audience.”
bout to start a random konvo wit sombody
Well, in general, that is widely known and goes without saying. But, er...what specifically for?
You can always order online :-)
Hey B!!! How you doing? Always missing Philly and the homies. I hear there's a Will Smith movie shooting there soon.
can u please follow me ???
Flat tire on the drive home from work. Boo. Thanks to Fino and Jim S. at #Potatawomi for helping me!
My hand is on FIRE. When will I learn and start wearing gloves when I cook with jalapeños?
The library will be CLOSED tomorrow, Tues. Nov. 8 for Election Day, and Fri., Nov. 11 for Veterans Day. Plan accordingly!
across from Johnny's florist at the bottom of rossiter
Fuck you math!
Looking to treat a woman good and yet no ones available? Hypocrites I say, complaining bout wanting a good man...
did u see his funny lookn ass lol
When I met you, I said my name was Rich. You look like a girl from Abercrombie & Fitch.
u must not kno a lot of people 😳
Good Q! RT : Q at : how do u determine who opinion ldrs r on soc media? Thoughts frm the Twitterverse?
They are migratory, but most come back to FL in the winter, both coasts, about Central FL and further down. Amazing creatures.
You're my heaven in this hell.
SALE!!! Use coupon code SPRINGCLEAN to save 25% for the rest of the week!!!
Snoring while you wait for jury duty... wow
hey i am huge fan of you and am so excited for the hunger games. it would mean so much if you followed me back, no lie. =)
Man, I'm tired.
The true measure of a man is how he treats someone who can do him absolutely no good. - Ann Landers
Working its way to be the best Daytona 500 ever!!
thanks jet !!!
I like my life. :)
I already presented my website can I go back to sleep now.
Is it being discontinued?
Quick, pull out a piece of paper & write down 10 things u want 2hve happen in the next year personally&professionally.
Can't wait to go to bed!
I wish could train some of these artists
Anti-aging, better sleep, detox, weight loss, relief from pain! This can be yours! www.lifewave.com/kdbritton for details and ordering.
Agreed. Luckily we have twitter to talk to the 3 other insomniacs we know.
my husband asks "why has the water bill gone up only since i installed the detachable shower head in our shower?" cuz im
What every adult child dreads...parents on FB! Facebook for Seniors workshop here at PPL today 1-4pm (call to register: 207-871-1700 x708).
April is always the hardest month for me.
he was the worst part
Rihanna's Talk That Talk album right now >>
Mixing at the studio tonight... trying to get the EP done asap for you all.... It's sounding great!!!!
All A Woman Has To Say Is “I Don’t Want To Talk About It” This Leaves Guys With The “Illusion” That The Issue Was Talked About”
I just want to get my car washed. Rain in the forecast for days still.
how insufferable would a Tebow version of the "Decision" special have been??? The mind reels
oh excellent! well, on the next occasion, feel free to let me know!
Say hello to falsetto in 3, 2....
New Clients Coming Soon: 24/7 Entertainment, Big Love, & Anthony R Howard. man this has been a busy weekend!
and I have decided to do our own wood laminate flooring installation. May the odds ever be in our favor...
me too but it's all good right
Lin, JR, Melo, Stats, Chandler or is < Lin, Fields, Melo, Stat, Chandler
is messi going HAM??
Oh dear! Keep pushing Hayley!
fuck of love eminem
text me
#ThatEx the one who's currently in a relationship but still says he loves me , smh
Who's your caddy? #ThatsMyMovie it's too funny.
Big ups to for promising to be a strict timekeeper for his #2012c19 panel.
do we have a say in this? We vote yes! ;) Hope to see you both there. Once we post details, holler with any questions.
thanks herby! appreciate the compliment.
you'll laugh, I always hit up The Wave on Broadway when I need good work. If you remember Miss Ree from KTFM, she owns it
yeah yeah but you didnt come:-)
Amtrak Acela wifi is becoming whine-fi for me
tweeting, facebook, music :) u?
Just found out that the owners of Nico's in Otay Shopping Ctr got evicted! Went for dinner and found Sheriff notice & place empty.
Don't want to go to work today...
I met a guy the other day selling pine cones on Ebay — LOTS of pine cones! I can't stop thinking about that.
I hate it when men at 40something act like 18 year old's with raging hormones!
"Something I try to teach all my boys, always put one in the brain." Clock: 3:32
Raises some interesting issues, doesnt' it??
Starting the webinar discussing Dynamic Customer Journey w/ Hashtag is #WTAltimeter; listen and/or follow along!
30 is the new 40... if you're a woman.
Bout to learn how to ride a dirtbike! I'm SUPER amped!!!!
really musso, that's just mean! Lol
Sitting outside on my deck at 9:30 is truly something I wish I could do year round. So enjoyable.
If you get the chance to listen to Nathan speak about the epic new kitchen "biblopedia" do it! True entertainment!
Justin's home for a visit. Just in time for 7 Marathon gals staying over before the big race. Slumber party! No empty nest here!
Lesson learned I can never leave alone! 😂😂😂
i cant believe i havent seen my friend in almost 4 months. 😳
you play and Brown County quite a bit in #GEEBZ??
And knitters with cats fight a losing battle to keep our work intact! Finally gave in and gave her a ball all her own.
Check our new profile on Facebook!
A.O.E <3 iluu babe <3 Merry Christmas
looks great! Hope to support! We are fans of Wole Soyinka and the NY actor Christoph (Who had a lovely voiceover)
