just fucking chillin, i ain't heard from you or court in fo'eva.
Saturday morning meditation. Mom and stepdad stayed over the weekend. Loving the gift of life and embracing the joy of family.
Yea He A Thug And Um His Gutta Baby
Why do I have such a huge crush on Russell Brand? LMBO!!!
If you don't love you who else will?
The Cabin in the Woods (2011). Directed by Drew Goddard. First time watch. 4/4
. Should be 6 home games, 6 away games. Flex scheduling under a bracket-buster-style system I wrote about last autumn.
Donuts and ice cream in the office kitchen are such a bad idea.
Well foo on them--we should do a joint / session on it next time around!
You will rise by lifting others. - Robert Green Ingersoll
Hey cupcake maker best friend. I miss talking to you. I made cupcakes for us. Wanna see it?
I was made aware the OldOnes are planning on sacrificing MLIS virgins in #ala10 to keep their jobs. Like I said, just a rumor.
#Brewers game!!
Black is beautiful. White is beautiful. Asian is beautiful. Hispanic is beautiful. Fat is beautiful. Skinny is beautiful. You are beautiful!
Yikes. That sounds dangerous.
can you shoot us an email at us(at)simplymeasured(dot)com and we'll see how we can help you out!
Did a man nearly get in my car at a gas station thinking it was his while his loved ones kept honking? Yep. I cracked up!
#HowLongZimmermanGoneLastInJail AMBER COLE!!! remember when we passed around child porn and shamed a 13 year old for being statutory raped
Washingtonian magazine readers have chosen Firehook's cookies as the best in town! Stop by your local Firehook Bakery and try one!!!
Damn this day turned into a smoke out fuk!
red wine & soup 4 brunch/excitement
Put my mind to rest try to sleep it off. Or am I wrong Ain't no doubt about it I can't live without it
Oy. No chaser... Just vodka and ice. My chest is on fire! 😓
This marketing flashcard tool is going to rock! Almost 95% complete, all integrated with Infusionsoft CRM too!
Q5 Meatloaf, burgers, tacos, burritos, sausage, hot dogs, lunch meat, oh so many!!
hey, that beats a cheesy hallmark card...
I guess I should get ready for today whatever I'm doing today lol.
the point i am making is, I HATE STORMS.
Going to sleep.
fun with game sevens...Bruins v Capitals tonight.
I love the pic
- easy lol. Now this is only sexually harassment...lmol
Woo! Thanks, C!
Let me know; if you want to play, I'll bring my acoustic bass and we can rock!
Don't tell Paul Wagner!
“The day you stop racing, is the day you win the race.”
HANG ON! IM EATING CHICKEN!
What the efff ! ?
^ Rose Mis A simple word for tonight ...Never let success go to your head and never let failure get to your heart ...
It's only a FM12 friendly, but Convey to Kei, Convey to Zus, Kei to Teal, and Teal to Kei = 4-0 v HOU, feels good.
RT : Let's go #lakers lets go!
Percent error of 166 for chem lab yesterday. #damn #redo hahaha
“: Save water, drink wine.” reminds me of us! Hah miss you
thanks for the #FF mention.
Indeed, hopefully we'll have put more money in schools when it's all said and done.
If you want an event planned for your organization or personal reasons for FREE, just email me at
i have those shoes! :D
Stop in and save! 20%-50% off Clearance
CHECK OUT THE NEW BOEING 787 !!!!
You have the cutest avi ever ((;
In water one sees one's own face; But in wine one beholds the heart of another. ~ French proverb
damn stop putting my voice on blast, I already have enough stalkers. *weave toss*
hanks for follow. 🏊🏊 #Scottsdale #swimlessons blog launched :/ #/tinyurl.com/6sje45e
and you say you hate me... More like someone's obsessed. Well I'm gonna block you now so get a life & stop creepin. k bye.
Bets on how many crazy women will wander onto the court tonight during the #Nuggets v. #Lakers game?
We have one at Stadium Bar on the 19th too so both would be possibilities. Would be a great addition to the event.
Lunch is over - back to work!
Gentry on Lopez foul on Griffin: "Contrary to what anyone’s saying about it was a cheap shot or a cheap play, I disagree totally with that."
I Love the State Farm commercial with the Young Black Couple.
#LiesPeopleAlwaysTell they love
My school day is over with
Haha it was awesome! RT : I believe I just busted a move in front of and all our students. Wow!...
everybody cares
Thanks for the follow. I always appreciate a beautiful woman taking her time to listen to what I have to say.
Wrecked police car at I-35 and Toperwein Rd. Traffic is fine.
The trick is to use newspaper & purposely make it look bad. RT: Today, I realized definitively that I'm terrible at gift-wrapping.
“: I wanna throw a party with fake alcohol and see how many people act wasted” this is robby
2-4-1!! I just put in a take-out order for 8! Bring em home for me Jones.
I know I shouldn't, but I'll be watching when the Bengals play the Jets at 7. Sigh, it's gonna be a long season.
Juliet didn't win. I'm gonna cry.
Still feeling 😷 too sick.... Adam made himself dinner so I could lay down. We're watching 30 Mins or Less & Lincoln Lawyer before bed!
WOW. that was really, really nice. Great job!
Need character and decorum? Explore Milwaukee's SDC. Talent may develop in solitude but character is developed in society.
Nice! Have a blast guys!
Just picked up the coffee, hot coco, & doughnuts for the site tour. Meet us at 10am
I wanna give Jeny and Edwin a pink eye one of these days c:
it is.. They'll be below .500 by the first week of June
no dessert, because I have to stay awake for the rest of the day at work. I'm pushing it with all those sides already.
This day just needs to end. It has continued to get worse and worse
Even though it's winter, it's necessary to clean your pool regularly. Debris buildup can permanently stain your pool's surface.
Class is so BALLER today!
Don't tell me you gonna hang up an don't do it cus I'll cut it short an hang up my damn self.
... and new shoes. sorry Kaleigh :(
lol i never do #ff's, i always forget
I just finished a 3.71 mi run with a pace of 12'06"/mi with Nike+ GPS.
that is a fact. Ill def see you.then
We no longer use DJs for entertainment at the pub. Sorry guys - but thanks for reaching out!
PSYCHED that my name has been added to NYC Department of Health and Mental Hygiene's Green Cart Mobile Food Vending Permit Waiting Lists in…
sounds like a reasonable plan to me
Are you ready for some unemployment checks?
#winning - Have a drink for me!
good girl!!
My stepdad just gave me $60....
Come to the Moore Lab of Zoology at Occidental College in L.A. & see our 6,000+ hummingbird specimens. Beautiful & surreal.
WE FOLLOW BACK x TELL A FRIEND x RT
Let's play this game again. Take a picture of whatever you're doing right this second and send it to me. 8016952772
#FF to - Hilarious!
In Gresham's NIGHTMARE ALLEY, the boy Stan's fateful choice between faith and conjuring, between the life of a mark and the life of a carny.
If Kobe makes it to year 20... It'll be his farewell tour averaging 15 points if he's lucky.
M's and a's all day
No thank you!
do you work tomorrow?
Thumbs are tickeling Me:D
congrats ! you've won the cocktail trio from !
Good monday to everyone
Usually if I drop you off home I get out and give you a hug. But I've been hanging out with the guys so much that I just say bye.
"Even if you start the game, I ain't shakin ya hand!"
Omw 2 npark wit ma FFLA camp from.d h.s days
Honor your calling. Everybody has one. Trust your heart and success will come to you. –Oprah
Thanks for the RT!!
Russia Develops Revolutionary Ammonia Rocket Engine | End the ...
online webinars that require a phone call to simply hear the audio =
RT : WEB POLL: Are your allergies acting up earlier than normal?
yup. I'm very in. You cool gettin a couple/few so they're together and I'll cut you a check?
it's a line from Clueless
I can't wait to go see #TheMuppets w/ ! Oh, , you can come too, but you have to come as Miss Piggy.
Kevin Smith movies aren't hyperexplained for idiots, they're hyperexplained for potheads with an attention span of a gnat. LOL
Loving my other half, time to make money, can't wait until Friday!!
Damn why is my dog so fucking loud?
I'm gonna name my next two animals "Icebox" and "Nipples".
thanks dunno what i'd do without you babe <3
Great job out there at SnoDrift! Love the live feed...glued to the computer! Give the GC's some love: car 685 and 294!
Jay you're in charge.. Let's do it in Hun Fri/Sun..
One of the fun things to watch is rivalries that have cropped up between Hansen/Dr. Hansen and other horses (or their connections)
“: Thank you for the ReTweets and the Shout Outs!” YOU!RE SO TWEETABLE!!
jeebus crow what is that outfit for?!?!?!?!?
Naw, just waiting on them to step up their game. I'm all for it if/when it happens.
yeah, it's absolutely the worst
Looking forward to hosting the Benefit Cosmetic House Party #benefitfan. Check them out!
I'm getting it just really did not have time but so many people were asking if cityglam had one and now we do...HEHE
The Costco Craze
RT : I wish! I work nights now, so my body clock is way off lol// Oh no!!
Cleaning the helix
thats why i might do it in the morning and i go to school like that fuck it !
great app. Thanks for mentioning it
Zoo was a zoo
i do loll
yes good show, always something I haven't heard before
obviously your not looking in the right places!
#Yankees tonight!!!
I hate Man U. I hate seeing Man u fans at American Soccer Games
We are looking for a current NYU student knowledgable in social media to join our team part-time next semester. Apply to
Good Morning #SoonerNation !
Excite my mind first
Exactly. PHI has given BOS problems this season. I'd still rather face them than CHI though, even without Rose and Noah.
Our own study has shown that our secret salad dressing adds 50 yards to your #fridayfunday golf game! Who wants steak tonight !?!
I love when the crack heads wave to me
Things not done that may or may not get done: Death Valley in springtime; climbing Shasta or Whitney; longer visit to Joshua Tree.
Ugh why he tell me that .now I can't get it out my head ......imma make da rite decision though ..
Yes! SO tired of Melo-drama. Get it over with, blow it up, and start over already. You know it'll be 10x worse come playoffs
#EarHustlin this lady talking abt how "much more excellent" she was than her ex-husband, followed by "the marriage didn't last". Oh word?
ME! RT : #clcc2012 UNCC hired a library anthropologist to help them understand better the way their students worked. Amazing!
zero skips turn to eliminate volcano. Third field comes into play.
Yaaaaayyyy I got a break!!!
A man travels the world over in search of what he needs and returns home to find it.
Dear , Do you give free birthday meals? If so, see you in an hour.
Jerry from San Francisco says Zug Zug...
You're the BOMB!
Don't usually tweet this type of thing but: reading Elizabeth Kostova's The Swan Thieves - Proof that MFA's aren't a waste.
Liking #freegetzy movement, much improved with the straight up stance and can get balls to his left, Yuni
The Raiders give up a 1st rounder in 2012 for Carson Palmer, wow. This is a player that has been "retired" for the last 10 months..thoughts?
we will be tubing with you my man. Vermont style
It's stupid when your ex says to you 'I'm here if you ever need me.' Where the hell were you when we were together and I needed you?
#ThingsUNeed2KnowAboutIslam is those that kill the innocent aren't really following Islam cuz Islam is not about killing.
smh lol it was like 2 weeks ago before Danny got there. I just know she was small and she had an older sister.
Definitely agree!
nice!!! Almost as cool as the laughing escalator at the conference center. What hotel is it?
Baby i want you 
congrats on your sold-out show in NYC.
Subway for lunch was a great idea!
Mega Movers move historical JFK TWA Terminal "The Trumpet" to new JetBlue Terminal.
I feel liberated.
To be effective, a marketing message must have one main point communicated in a clear, succinct and logical fashion.
garden of forking paths one leading to a paradise of a library its own garden of forking paths. happy birthday Borges
Don't text me and say that shit #fuckno 
Today is National Cleavage day!
hey guys retweet the tweet I just retweeted it would mean a lot to him ok
Watched "The Passion of Ayn Rand" last night. Interesting, not recommended. Rand does not belong in graphic sex scenes.
U funny mr.pryor....
I can't stand how people on twitter can be like you're cute go find someone or Scheiße like that. You have no clue how hard it is in Hawaii.
I feel you, really think he's a better game manager than Carson Palmer. But at least he's on a good team.
I love foreign currency, send me some?? lol
The GUSA senate unanimously passed the Executive budget and a bill to institute game rentals on Harbin Patio next year this afternoon.
the game was brig dedicated to him its hard not to make that connection
Thanks for the follow!
RT : As an earth sign a #Virgo is attracted to things of natural beauty and pure of heart."
Just did-wrote keep, keep, keep! Love your work!
HA! I found it! But now I can't resend the galleys. :(
follow please? (;
How did "Where Did You Go" by No Mercy get into my head just now? Seriously.
Of couse I'm just finding out now about a performance at school tonight. Bonus: It's my fault! Somehow.
its going good , wbu ?
they're the only ones with race cars. :-( Oso likes race cars.
Happy bday !<3 You're my role model and i've been a fan since day 1! , and
It's possible I'm addicted to deviled eggs.
Thanks my love
Got your tweet late...shits going to get wild...I'm gona hit you up tomorrow...
The story "Blip" that was on the STAAR today made no damn sense...I'm pretty sure I missed almost all of the questions to that story.
I mean, Super Bowl XLII was rather exciting. But don't care to see it again.
"TEXAS" Normal People: "It's a country.." Mahomies: "OMFG AUSTIN CARTER MAHONE!"
Actually, Chane Behanan said that he hated being called the underdog.
Just good clean conversation with boys on the red line...sometimes I miss me more of those metro days!
I am having great success finding and gathering wonderful materials for my new line. I am really inspired. This is going to be great!
RT : #QUOTE: "Motivation is when your dreams put on work clothes." ~~Author Unknown via
Be sure to tune into the Little Caesars Bowl today at 4:15 on ESPN to see the VIP Mentees and Mentors form the human tunnel before the game.
Yum! I love a good sandwich. rt 20th Annual KTRU Outdoor Show Today at Rice w Washed Out, Real Estate, Mr. Heavenly,...
I am going to New Orleans in less than 2 weeks... SO EXCITED!
Just tweet and quit complaining about what other people are doing with their own Twitter account.
Ready to get insane, FITzees? #Insanity Beach Body Workout begins in one hour- get that booty down to Pt. Loma, stat!
What up Scottsdale? I know You got soul...
Java homework, now fueled by espresso.
g'night e'rybody
maybe add her then! At least make sure the two of you are added so if all else fails then you'd still have her to room with!
Tweet me questions??
The world you want to live in, that you NEED to live in, needs YOU to create it ~Actor & Activist Beah Richards via
Convocation today. Are you wearing your blue and white?
Unfortunately I had to get them cut to save my life RT : Have you been neutered, you bad boy? :)
july 5th? popscene tweeted in june? Eitherway let me get a ticket ASAP! want to see them again!
After tomorrow my family will OFFICIALLY roll seven deep
Srsly? It's obviously The Keiser.
Stay tuned for analysis of latest San Diego County jobless figures by He'll post and update today!
Looking forward to performing country nightclub tomorrow night. Dancing, music,friends n loads of fun. See u all there
I wanna know what he wrote on your arm?
YEAH! congrats on the graduation and the job!
So into the pseudo-ponchos girls now wear and call shirts.
So after waiting 45 minutes, I find out that wants $70 for a mesh drawer. Surely they didn't mean American dollars.
So great meeting you with the other day as well:) Wishing you
LOL!!! This child is nuts
RT RETWEET if you love Skittles!
About to take a shower then do my hair
Did he think I was joking?
Friends how many of us have them
Yeap I bit my lip today....it hurts :~!
Maybe she took his ring. Based on the stories I've heard, she deserves it.
"Gingrich warms up to Romney." Calista, watch your back!
Today 12:00 pm WCPN Dee Perry talks to author Hank Shaw & chef Doug Katz of fire. Lively talk on foraging and cooking delicious wild foods.
Are you a client or partner of #INHP? What could we do better?
RT : Neither nor is an “Astroturf" organization. Neither receives funding from or
Trying to set up this recording thing, I'm gonna have to get some help! #NotVeryTechnical :S
let us know what you think :)
Thank you very much! And I might I look weird when I sing lol. Im doing live performances in the near future ill record them
I know I miss you too babe #nohomo Jk totally homo..
Imma dream chaser
I dont even use my tumblr anymore...its old news
Keep him. Away. From the vodka.
Want to compare your team against mine? David Vitter likes to wear a diaper with prostitutes and he's still in the US Senate!
Wondering if I should even try for you....
Here's a contest to get you ready for the weekend: RT to win 2 tix to this year's Beer Lover's Fest on June 16th!
im whizzing my backyard fastball 62mph. still dont know if i can pickup a W, against my neigborhood kids. great job
Our first love is something tremendously special that we will always remember.
Wow... My last tweet was a month ago?! Ouch. Google+ and my very busy life have not been kind to my twitter feed. Sorry followers. :•(
#YouCuteAndAllBut your just too sexy.
Seeking Models ( of all ethnicities) for upcoming TELEVISION Segments. Send info & pics to
be there shortly! See you tomorrow?
=] thanks for listening!
Somebody go get :(
": Not as bad as you blow in the 4th Qtr... RT : Under Armor blew it with those joints!!"
sold! Must-go-item: slightly-used/bald/sedated (now w/own legal $$!) Yours 6/5,
Just had a dream that I was in Hunger Games and was trying to kill me.. 😣
#np - take it to the head 😊
I agree with you on being a little disappointed ..IMATS wasn't as huge as I thought either...got some great deals tho. :)
Unimpressed by Nicki Minaj's performance, stupid!
why thank u ;) nah, i was just thinking make it read better... all good
your profile says you are a craft beer snob. Have you been to to try their beers yet?
tv has no good shows n i am bored
bummer man. We'll catch up this week or next, and I'll get you that shirt too
You created an app??? You're so cool! Haha.
I thought it was funny.
Apparently mom's motto is YOLO.
Stoudemire got like eight layers wrapped around his arm & still playin better then most of his team, lol.
when the final 4 run is done and youve cut down the nets, come on back down to A-Town and lead your own progarm!!! OU,OU, OU!!!!
Crazy about edamame....I love it! I do. It's so good! Makes me feel happy on the inside. And that makes me smile on the outside too. :-)
Let the Os send Kevin Gregg out there....please!
No 11 for changing your life in #2012. The Right to Feel Good about Yourself! Happy New Year !
you can dooowwiiittttt :) when's your last day of finals?!?!
If a bitch ask me for a vacay all she gone get is a guilt trip
So excited is now on twitter!! Xo!
Getting better not as boring as when I first got here but making progress
Getting makeup and hair done with Dropkick Murphy's playing on the stereo. Gonna kick some movie ass tonite.
ppfffft ill go
I keep forgetting to twitter. Really don't have intelligent things to day!
The hottest team in baseball right now: the Washington Nationals! Eight straight wins and snowballs are starting to be thrown in hell.
its my birthday today can I get happy birthday? ❤
In the words of Jason "Frogger" Conner - "The Big Ten is 8-1 in the tournament, and m*ch*g still sucks!!"
lol! tell me you've seen the friggin commercials for it!
Bitch get yo mind right.
Uh go away.
This part reminds me of me n my lil sis when we was young
Rejection isn't a sign that something is wrong with u! It's a divine announcement that person no longer has the capacity for your greatness!
goin to the mall to christmas shop with a happy ending.
wow! I would love to see this in a fiddle so I can mess around with it! I'm guessing it's all done with delays post-click?
ditch the android. Thanks.
did u see a girl in a purple love iconic boyz hoddie in the 13+
Thank you ;-)
I just listened to the album on & am neither impressed nor scornful. That video, however, is awesome.
lmao nasty ass
Since you don't believe in forever, I will say we will be together till death does us part.
Thanks for the support!
What's the best bookstore in Houston?
I hope you're okay. I'm sending as much love & prayers as I can to you. Stay strong.
About to start another 2 hours of #WISN12 News This Morning w/ & ! Hope u join us for news, weather & more
si si, a job well done.
a friendly reminder that your game is more than 6 hours old and will end soon (y4idn)
Faster, tougher, better hands, more productive & durable RT : All things considered, don't know why some rank Polk above DMartin
i feel u on dat bro
would love to see more libs offering writing workshops, can mean something in traditional sense but also music, video, design
Oh I figured you were just trying to hold in a fart
If you've done a good real estate staging job, a buyer won't be able to tell it was staged at all.
#AmericasGotTalent listen to Kiss FM then tell me what you think. America, doesn't have that much talent.
Ha! Thanks goodness. But what would a kid know about that?
Just kidding.... Haha. But still in shock.
The portal is in the ceiling. The CEILING.
#InCaseYouDidntKnow I don't care what anyone thinks about my life.
I find Bruce Niemi metal sculptures reminiscent of Brancusi's bird. Spiraling upward, with fluidity.
Peter and will in an elevator...playing nice???
This ~> RT The NCAA is now working with select reporters to attack certain programs. New territory for NCAA. Disturbing.
NEWS: MCS receives nearly 2M in grant money & donations for gang awareness, workforce training, leadership initiatives & more.
3 solo home runs tonight 3-0 vs. LA
Happy Leap Day
RT : be a shameless dreamer! use the eyes behind ur eyes!
you're not lying last night's build is sick. Ah, you rock!
Editing photos so I can get some new millefiori on Etsy!
good luck!
I just do me. With no worries.
Ion entertain these dudes on this here web. I got a dude already
I'm signed in w/ Klout, but just can't figure out how to do the Klout+ recognition thing for people.
Birthday girl ;*
Happy to meet you Donald! You've got a great on in Jason!
it's great! as is its surrounding controversy!
Closed SHORT $AUDUSD for +31 pips profit; 11% of the community volume is trading the AUDUSD with sentiment 92% SHORT
tell Kinah to bring you some back
o my i want all of them(: ahaha ill fallow them an ee whatz will happen(:
IM SO SORRY!!!! PLEASE FORGIVE ME, TELL ME WHAT I SAID. NOW I'M SAD:(
The spurs need to take a team trip to the Barbershop.
ha ha play back.. Tell em u can't text anymore and u can only receive calls
it's been a while since I got on twitter...have you checked out Valley Road Entertainment on Facebook? Like us and facebook will give us $$!
Good luck! We'd love to have you here. #SDCC :)
Extending events in SQL 2012 session with Chris
Ew I hate seeing my battery go down -_-
who's are they?
Thinking about just putting this dating/relationship stuff on the shelf for a while. Way too freaking confusing + messing up my energy/goals
The Silk Tie likes Dave!
Never give up on what you really want to do. The person with big dreams is more powerful than one with all the facts.
Silly rabbit tricks is a girls best friend
RT #hybris word cloud highlights : innovative, open-minded, social, ambitious, passionate, open, fun
Life is so short. Seize the day.
We had 3 Comedians @ Hard Rock yesterday. Johnny Rock, Chris Fontana & ill Will Real Talk. I busted 2 gutz. 1 of em is still hurting! lol
Some people need to be reminded that spitting is against the rules on Metro. It's also generally gross and unsanitary.
Let me know what you think of Tin Tin. I was thinking of renting it this week.
#RITHockey fans: is actually known much more for white hots than sausages. Just sayin'.
thanks cuz its beautiful
Lool, the white chick with dirty hairr? I WANNA SEE.
we can't wait either, what a fun night!
#webdesigners: The #webcontent clients give you for their sites could prob be a lot better. When they look good, you look good. We can help!
Played a lot of 20/40 stud this week. Ran terrible and didn't play my best either. Down $2087 in 32 hrs Expenses-hotel 121, gas 48, food 136
I need to check my email .
Have you been to Scottsdale recently?
lolol they dont! you know im getting old!!
I NEED TO VENT.
Of course! xoxo
Why does it seem like al the best singers are British for example:Cher Lloyd,Adele,Jessie J,The Beatles and of coarse OUR BOYS!<3-Kelly
It's not truly the holiday season until I've watched A Charlie Brown Christmas.
okay 🙏 I'm hoping!
+1 RT : Thank you Brewans (Brewersfans) for your support in a tough win that we needed. It keeps us fighting.
"God is to science a cause, to philosophy an idea, to religion a person, even the loving heavenly Father." (30.1) 1:6.2 UB
I'd like to live in a place that had a 90% chance of snow. Instead, I live with a 90% chance of heat that will slap the smile off your face.
would love to keep u warm...seriously sleep well dear
Baron Davis hurts knee something awful. Bad luck
Responded to FIRE @ 188 Lincoln Ave, Bronx, NY 10454. Red Cross auto update.
Now all I've got to do is get a card and I'm done. Nordstrom was jumping. All the last minute shoppers. Lol
hahaha!!! Not bad. “: New T-Shirt idea..."I love being a Turn-Off" ”
Your worth every second. Every fight. Id fight a thousand wars for you. Even if I lost them all♥
Just ran into my choir director while doing a film project at Booksellers...
our house is a very very very fine house...
it wasnt a sac fly A Rizz
Agreed! has some of the most nicely designed beer labels around.
People tell me I have OCD and then I tell them to go back to their contaminated lives.
when i walk in ... you walk out . wow . your tough shit , huh ?
Ok, I take it back, I enjoyed the half-time show.
#royoswalt to the #phillies, I would NOT accept that option - talk about Kevin Brown redux. . .
Love movie night alone
ConnectPoint this Sunday is THEE Sunday! North, South, East, West: invite your friends and family. God is moving!
Last nite, dreamt an Archangel fell in love w/ me but no 1 could know, so we got married in secret on a star & I became a royal angel.
Underground Television is tomorrow.
Never gave 2 fucks, double rubbers
Take control now, before the holiday sugar hypnosis takes hold! Give yourself the gift of health rather than sugar overload! TOMORROW EVES …
Okay, writing isn't complete bullshit I started something I kind of like. Watch the wordpress I'll post the whole shebang.
Dis Gurl Tawking About I Own Her $7 Ion Know What Fa
On cold days like today I wish I lived on the equator.
Interesting AK State Museum web chat 2day with museum folk from all over Alaska. Next: May 18th at 11am.
hasn't arrived yet, but Dean is here ...
First full day of #alamw12 make sure you stop by booth 2321 to register to win a Kindle!! See you all soon :)
Today, August 8 @ 5 PM | "Question Reality" on LA Talk Radio | Matt Alber | Grammy Winning Singer, Songwriter | latalkradio.com | Channel 1
Tonight is #WorldBookNight, too! Out of the 30 featured books, I've read 2: The Things They Carried & Ender's Game.
Wow.. way to be a bitch
If your vision is for 1 year, plant rice If your vision is for 10 years, plant trees But if your vision is for 100 years, educate children
We got back so late we didn't end up going!! Tomorrow after Burke's??
AND HERE WE GO!
Thanks! I'm really looking forward to it b/c the audience will be community college folks from all content areas, not just English.
lovin ya pro sexy
News made in Mon's Senate mtg! Monthly newsletter allowed 4 info on clubs, events, lectures, ASUP etc! Exec. Board working out the details!
Look if you want to do a rea ghost hunt Zac from GA., go to Bethlehem Steel in Baltimore, Maryand. Lots of deaths & traped souls. I know
girl. Still no bags! This is a nightmare!!! RT : no bueno! - get my girl her luggage!
You get the best of me? I'm the best at rapping/ that's like a mayweather pacquiao fight, it'll never happen
My heart goes out to the #IndyCar family today. Terrible tragedy.
SF Bay Area Branding and Web Design Firm, Project6 Design, Features Case Study For Cal Maritime’s Award-Winning Website
Q7 yes, please no form resumes and cover letters, address the job ad and its requirements in your application
I don't think you're a prick.
Congratulations! Welcome to Phi Beta Kappa!
hey now i will find someone no worries
Not so much. Kobe isn't quitting after one game. He's giving a dumb answer to what he considered to be a dumb question
#Thatmoment when I walked into Sams kitchen and see that one person standing there looking right at me smiling. That moment... Is over(:
Technology can provide a clearer picture of emergency - Post-Bulletin
Do you know of job and business opportunity ads in a foreign language and published in an Asian community paper? The FTC wants to know.
dude I love this machine. It's changed my life.
I didn't get picked in lottery for the 2012 ING NYC Marathon... MUTH@%$#&*!!! 2nd year in a row. Que mierda, coño!!
says trust is binary--you're either in her circle, or you're not (I want to be in!) :)
So im watching the news and i dont really know why but they say the gossiping is good for you.. lol whatt???
Foreign Frame of Mind ...... Coming soon.
I feel your pain, it's a never ending battle! :)
figures. gave me a terrible headache.
#purerelaxation #satisfaction. Jealous.
Perris Blackwell is a big boy, but he runs the floor well. Good pickup for Washington
Sometimes when a girl pushes you away, she's really fighting for you to pull her closer. Don't let a good girl go
especially a princess like u?
I really can't stand the word "Ratchet"
on repeat this morning. Hell yeah!
expert IT/server/network management at Lithium Networks
Heyy everybody its a wonderfull day and Im so happy to have so a nice class lysm by jessi andii and raphii
It's an exciting nail-biting day to be in Vancouver
Nana said she'll make you mashed potatoes :) <3
“: should i write a twitlonger or does no one care” I care.
I just got back I loved it! They really made Chicago look amazing =)
i have a crush on her and her character is my favorite on the show. :D
Alright I just did . Did you check the site out ?
i feel the very same/think the very same. and i'm looking through your blog with my jaw open like this :o because i rarely find--
Oh my gosh no way!!! I'm counting down the days :)
My going away party is tonight!
Despite all my rage, I am still just a rat in a cage
Looking for bands for our compilation c.d.!!!! Email if you're interested!
thanks for the RT!
Shanked one today
hello beautiful
Maybe that's what happens when a tornado meets a volcano. <<Best Eminem Lyrics ever! <3
Materialism vs Philanthropy - I'm not sure that it can go both ways.
Yikes. RT : No Mavs players addressed the media today, just Rick Carlisle.
Malayan ref's name in English translates to "Jim Joyce." Hm.
Dinner with mr. k <3
Tell me darling, did you do it out of spite?
PLEASE FOLLOW ME YOUR MY HERO AND MEAN THE WHOLE WORLD TO ME SO IT BE A WISH COME TRUE UR SO AMAZING ALWAYS SUPPORT. U <333333
what's the point of going to school anymore :/
The best thing about me is you. -- Shannon Crown
We're in our kitchen tomorrow. Not near the convention center. NW 24th btwn Thurman & Vaughn. We could have something for you.
Hi.<3 can you please follow me? It would make my day! I think i'll die if you do!! I'll need CPR ;)
Heres our #Belieber goal try 2 make #welovebiebs a trend until sees it or tweets something about it!? Ohkay
& know they're cute. Why can't they come down to Miami?
Then we'd have myspace.
someone is blasted and swag
YAY!!! Send me your resume
Can't wait to see Mika and Dr. Brzezinski tomorrow here in Philadelphia! Buying the book today!
And he/she/it is a hockey fan!
Seattle's Coolest Santa will be on the O Deck for 8 consecutive days! Come on up and take a picture with Santa between 11am-5pm 12/17-12/24.
Just got a French Silk pie from Village Inn!
watching a league of their own, and counting our change. and i are getting crazzzzzzyyyyy
The assessment & feedback portion can be a problem for podcasting. Ways to get around this? Twitter; listener surveys; Google search
I'm channelling clueless the movie today
Great post! Awesome tips on drafting google ads.
Sweet & Low by Augustana
Great news! the bar now has Wi-Fi!!!!!! Ask your bartender for details...
I'm not dumb...
Leaving Lost Wages.... I mean, Las Vegas. New track with is finished!
Sekkisei translates to Snow Skin Essence coz white skin by Sekkisei is inspired by the beauty, luminosity & landscape of freshly-fallen snow
I just used gchat too coordinate my grad research team project at TxSt. It's nice that you can keep records of the chats.
I'm flattered. I'm doing my damndest to bring back that 3/4 time country. Our time is coming, Tim, our time is coming!
The #Falkland Islands population strongly wants to be British. Discussions about Argentina's claims should end right there.
How you durn L.A.?
We had an extremely productive practice tonight. We can't wait to see everyone on the 3rd out at Grim's Roadhouse! It's going to be a blast!
RT if your going to watch on iCarly or SNL(:
congrats on your win at Bay Hill.
the dude clipped Sinovic from behind.
Better late than never..Happy BD Jack Nicklaus one of the greatest golfers of our time!
love you girllllly. :) miss you!
checking off two *huge* to-do list items!
I love that both coaches continue to sub in OT frequently. Many coaches freeze their lineups in OT
Granite City patio and Sporting KC game today
Hey! Just heard about Golden Hat Foundation. Can't wait to see the book!
Sorry! No, you are not an offender
That looked like the bad news bears.
If i could get rid of my type 1 diabetes, i totally would. I hate it!
your article has SingIt as free, but itunes has it as .99 ...
Thanks for the mention! Our towelettes saved us on the slopes this week, that's for sure! See you around and enjoy the show.
I'm a big Fan of Greg Sulkin.I his fan 1#.Yay!!
love it!!!!!!! But new moon is prolly my fave!!!!! Mint chip eh? What brand?
CD jackets printing must be colorful if they're used for music and movies
Duke and IU are due for home games, UNC and NC State are set for the road. So its UNC or NC State
Thank you. But enough about me. I hope that you stay close to Christ and I know he has big plans for your life. your awesome! :D
Thank you:)
I'm racing to win tickets to the #InTime Premiere! Please RT! #InTimePremiere please please!!!!
she not even here for me to ask her she lefted her cell and why would i got out for only two hours theres no point
Happy New Year. Here's to our best year ever! A very prosperous 2012.
: Well I said quite simply, united need a miracle
Do you mean the raw recordings referenced in your project, or the files in the temp directory?
"Have you ever been to the liquor store next to the DMV? It's great!"
you know i was thinking, i need a samich, not no ordinary samich, one with peperonies samich yea baby. :D
just reread my last tweet to you... im the PERFECT person to help these kids with spelling
As I watch it I say "oh no, dont let it be the teacher" "Oh no, don't let it be the guy running for governor" I love it!
#Saints QB Drew Brees is my fantasy MVP from last year; the guy was white hot down the stretch; tremendous season.
time flies when you are on top of the world ;)
I just got the weirdest & most hilarious voicemail from a restricted number ! Some dude sang a 3 minute remix of YMCA(:
i just noticed your really pretty. Idk just thought I should try to make someone else feel better.
Do this Pack.
Last first day of class ever tomorrow ah
I can't believe I forgot both my phones and my camera. So much for Tweeting some photos from Haiti! I'll #DoBetter next time
yeah but how many are porn bots? At least our Facebook likes were authorized by human beings.
No YOU cycled 14miles for gluten-free cupcakes. Hehehehe.
I'm feeling a large amount of vindictive pleasure right now. I'm waited all season for that.
Nothing much.. just gonna go to my brothers baseball game later haha yeah... what you doing?
#IfWomenDidNotExist well... I wouldnt be here right now.
#foodlabsummitdr #agriculture #Haiti REBO has a #CSR model for sustainable coffee integrated production, processing & distribution
Young Strangli voe!!...aka "momma!.there go that man again"
ok, i lied. This was for a kraftwerk look alike contest.
=P Us too
Lorraine Lopez is in town for this Saturday's Award Dinner Ceremony at the Folger Library honoring finalists and winner of the PEN/Faulkner.
Happy New Year! ʚ(ˆ◡ˆ)ɞ “Drop the last year into the silent limbo of the past. Let it go, for it was imperfect, & thank God that it can go.”
Bro you back in CO?
better than using socks! heh
Why not enjoy some Chicago night life before the big meeting!
I've heard that about you.
#PalmBchPowerPartners breakfast. Looking forward to seeing you today. Open Mic Thursday where every idea is a winner. Come.Get.Grow.Go
Wow, boycotting PLAY 98.7, if their "2days best hits w/o the rap" slogan wasnt bad enuff the commercial where they play the TI verse👎
Where did the word #cocktails derive from? And why is it associated with polite society?
My abs routine today would have made u cry to ur mama.
Girl at Starbucks in Barstow gave us our order free I hope she has good karma going back to her
#ImThatPersonWho can't wait to restart the #TrueBlood tweet-a-thon with
Great coverage of speedweeks Mike. Look forward to a great season. keep up the great work. Best in the business
live in silence
would have to be Lewis Black by far my interview runs tomorrow
4916 HOLLYWOOD BLVD. LOS ANGELES CA. 90027. BIKINI $ HILL CONTEST.
Ever gotten up in the morning and felt this is the day opportunity is at the door? Just grab the knob and open - it will be exciting!
Have we covered Lebron's hairline?
google his name and Dan Le Batard haha ;)
story of my life
Thanks for the RT!!
Crazy theory: Adv. Baseball Stats are like the very beginnings of Isaac Asimov's psychohistory from the Foundation series.
John Lackey's head is going to explode.
**If you love One Direction go follow and !! xx
Rain can't stop my hustle
doing big thing. Keep dng like Vice2K represent Haitian Am so proud of yall.....
never had a problem, getting doe!
He wants the whole world watching so it will be close until middle of fourth then the Lakers will get every call in the world
Aw I'm so nervous about it! Hahah.
can you confirm that ravens offered a third rd pick for Osi ???
#Spinners up get a break on the first point, go up 1-0.
The mistake most girls make is thinking they can change a man when they cant. He'll change when he wants to.
DETROIT love baby
It's easier to put on slippers than carpet the whole world
giant eagle didn't have BRIE. BRIE.
I'm really sorry about your Conor, when did he die if you don't mind me asking? c:
First Reds win of 2012! The first of many to come!
I want all of this to happen.
your the best
Shall Die another Day
Encinitas planners approved replacement application for Arts Alive banners today, says Dep.City Mgr. Houlihan fotos deemed OK to display.
Everyone out there at May Day, please stay safe!
RT - The Cleveland Indians have the most offensive logo Since the Baltimore Orioles Mean Mugging Bird.
Thx for your support!
I'm a junior copywriter graduating in May, huge JWT fan, would love to send you my resume and Thanks =)
I feel like a slacker for just running 13.1
Don't forget to set those DVR's, buy that MLB package or fake a sickness if your at work today! Yankees game on at 3:05p
Find the good in the day.
Are you looking at wineries or restaurants?
oh sorry :(
PARKER EURO-STEP >>>>>
RT RT : Heres all you need to know about o's. They should have won 2 of 3 instead they were swept
Mentions.. Dead.
is the
free hair ! Conair 259 Infiniti Pro, 1875-Watt Salon Performance Ac Motor
Dats if I don't fall asleep :/
Jobs For Mba Earn your MBA Online at Northeastern University (NEU).
Gonna go get my dress fitted for the quincianera (I Don't know how to spell that!) Then I'm gonna play volleyball will Leslie again!
Welp. Annoying tweet about losing everyones number. DM me, or whatever so I have numbers.
No time for emotions.
Happy mothers day to best mom in the world Love you hope you have fun with us today.
I think I'm gonna cover a song by the band perry called "all your life" I know it's country but imma change it up a lil
what happened to the #BLACquickies ?
CMS: Groom believes that UMW site should express what we DO, not just show what visitors EXPECT to see.
Hardcore brainstorming session with our dev team. We may have had way too much or we're just really hyped up, can't tell.
Category 27B: Jim Kirwan; Patrick Dahl
Maybe Oakland now drops out of bidding for Manny and he'll sign with
But it definitely out-performs the orginal function of a panopticon- so should definitely have new terminology.
“: Don’t judge my path if you haven’t walked my journey.”
yeah def! Lol that was not a good idea just now hahaa
can u please tell me when ur coming to florida? Im like about to cry cus idk? I'm honestly a huge fan! Please dahvie ur my idol
THANK GOD I don't have class on Mondays. I need 2 days to recover from a weekend like that one.
Thank you so much for the FF!! :-)
Any takers? The more embarrassing, the better. Got Spotify, will dance.
u unfollowed me first
CTFU This grown ass man tryna talk to me with some damn Sean John on. Gtf outta here man. >.<
I FUCKING HATE YOU RT : I FUCKING HATE CATS
The mild temperatures this fall are fabulous! However, the chill of cold Winter nights are nearby. Weatherize your home or your business?
Listening 2 future durty sprite-Stand this lijah song lol it just brings bacc all the memories he made people day!! The good go 1st.
Steven's response to caddy William's comments reflects an ungrateful athlete's attitude to their support people.
RT Why can't I sleep?! Fuuuuu!
no, I completely understand the sentiment.
Post half marathon breakfast at bunnys. You'd think I have never eaten before! The 55'er -
ok, I told Yvonne I was planning to come this month, let me know when you want to go.
Darvish better be lights out for Texas bc spending $111 mill to sign a guy from Japan is a huge risk. Just ask Boston (Daisuke Matsuzaka)
"refuse to complain about being cold when the sun is shining - better than cold, grey, and gloomy!"
Congrats to !! Keep it rolling.
It is awesome and this event will be a parade of fun. Come stop by and say hi at our booth.
Kickin it wit
Some great #nba hoops to open the season. Overall a great time of year for
Yeah , we were bestfriends . We hadd a fight , and we finally made up andd became friends . what dontt you get about thatt ?
#trend: increase in people searching twitter to find information they're looking for, example support due to recent diagnosis
I think you could hit 4 home runs easily tomorrow in San Diego.
Thank you, my friend! It's the 'nature of the beast' and I'm playing in its' cage....with bloody ribeyes hangin' from my belt!
good looking out...lots of Wisdom and Love in that album...hope you had a great day sweety!
and we allow up 7 days in advance
It was for the camera!
It's funny how people tweet Kay and I think they are saying my name. :o Im like 'What?' XD
You are very welcome. Tweeting is so much fun isn't it? You meet some really great people too.
Day 3 of the baggage hostage crisis. No one answers the phones at O'Hare, 1-800 customer service cannot/will not help.
You already know N.G. it's going to be one wild night. I haven't been out for a min too.
all day gaming.
"Er...you didn't follow to reprimand me about my pink/purple striped socks did you? #Guilty" <~Stripes?oHnO
you coming to again on Saturday ?
Colin Firth. Yes, please.
I wouldn't call them gay but I would call them overhyped and not as talented as other musicians I enjoy.
Ah that bvb song is stuck in my head now
Just edited an interesting story by about using magnets to treat depression. Look for it on Sunday.
Maybe its gonna be crazy tonight maybe not
No doubt.
Most of us are just about as happy as we make up our minds to be. - Abraham Lincoln
depends on if you want tee shirts (sun) or posters (sat)! Tell madison tweeps! :)
wats up my brother blessings in the new year to you & yours.
and we take take take it for granted that we'll be the same....but we're makin all the same mistake.
Starting trip to BTV to connect w/ #miamaustin and #laneytrue! College road trip not.
RT " is this one a 3-leaf?" #retardquotes " ....yep im stupid.
librarians, archivists and others: what are you favorite websites, tweeters, etc. for career development or mentoring?
Goodnight C:
Thank you for the RT! I hope you have a great wk!
Pgh debut of Scratch 59, Mighty Moose Mild, will be next wed during our beer pairing. Plenty of Tickets still available!
I'm still, big, BLUE!
Good Night <3! And Happy Birthday Prodigy :)!
Uwe Reinhardt: Democrats and Republicans agree on many aspects of healthcare--problem right now is purely political.
Hottest team in baseball - RT : After beating the #Mets today, 9 game lead, biggest in #Brewers history! #FeartheBeer!
u live in charlotte? lol
Wine Smarties WSET Alumni students have a Blind Tasting event tonight. 30 wines! Wish us luck!
Love on Top (beyonce) on repeat
Damn my cousin kayla beat this girls ass nd sent her to the hospital nd now shes going to court for battery :O
Most intense storm cell is just northeast of Watertown right now.
10 courses lunch at Salumi was divine. It also means no diner tonight.
prove it
what do you want me to do? Are you a friend on FB?
i am not able to follow now bc i have reached max. limit for today so please follow me and i will add you soon. I will not follow after 1000
sup foolie long time huh
a little b&e later?
it just reminds me of how much I love walking downtown... now for some coffee <3
Thx so much! Enjoyed meeting you too
It is hard to believe that my son Lee is 24 years old.
Haha I always save emails to my worst clients for 7:59 Friday night
Just realized I made Crafty tweeps list. I like!
Who wants my drake ticket for $45 ??
there has been talk of a jessica jones show which would feature a luke cage & iron fist based off bendis book
Kids, your pants should leave something to the imagination. Believe me, our imaginations are kinder.
07 Daou #Cabernet. Rich nose & flavors with heavy, course tannins. Cherry, smoke spice, plum peeking out. 88 pts
The only reason he loves you is because he knows how easy it is to get in your pants. Damn hoe.
Quick! I'm driving on the 5 in an hour and need music recommendations! QUICK!!
You're welcome!
Im Following All of Them Already lol
maybe a phone with internet capabilities.
thank you <3
Ok good! We're glad you got home safely :)
Starting this mornin off wit some coffee and a hookah bowl!x
did it!
Shoutout - Sacramento's Science & Technology center is underway; follow & Clean World Partners donates $1..love it!
I have great friends.
lol your very welcome! woof!
Torres actually won't lose as much as u think. Doesn't get paid anyway for playoffs. If they go to the finals he actually MAKES $$$.
This is my favorite part of the day - GYM TIME!
Hi! I'm excited for #NWSA2012! Are you going to be presenting? I'm presenting on an #asexuality panel.
Awesome day with student ambassadors:
Girardi with that slapper from the point
Thanks for the follow, Matt. Glad to have another Wordpress writer on board.
I just don't understand is there something wrong with me?
Testing! I'm now using cotweet.com to manage multiple accounts. Fun.
who needs guns?
Music link for sound track www.reverbnation.com/epidemicchroniclesoriginalsoundtrack
Those people that are in your life for a small reason but it means A LOT to your personally >>>>>>>>>>>>>> :)
u went mac?
because I was trying to contact as many as people about it,
is it me or is Adam's face looking a bit chubby?
two tattoos -- one read 'no apologies' the other said 'love is cursed by monogamy' ♥
Danny Waltman is single handedly keeping in this game. A series of unbelievable saves
“: Cam Barker scores for the Oilers and Ray Emery is now in goal for the #Blackhawks.” in first game since 11/10!
OH MY GOD BECKY LOOK AT HER BUTT...TOOCHIE(whos becky:){insider}
Goudelock held up four fingers lol
The past 12 months my life been very educational and self descovering. Love it!
I don't think #loonylo could hype Math 221 anymore.
great, great park.
How has traffic been for you guys so far? Superbowl craziness! :-)
great private marketplace conversations with publishers
Atlanta History Center exhibit "Atlanta's Book: The Lost Gone with The Wind Manuscript," 6/4-9/5/2011
the difference is how you act as an adult. Romney is still bullying gays 27 years later.
ACTUAL threats to marriage: narcissism, obsession with money, selfishness. Work on THOSE
Any sandwich shop that rocks out to Louie Prima is a-okay in my book.
For ever i will love u lord n be gratefull for my salvation amen.
Today is the day of the woman and my Birthday Day,if you follow me you make me happy :) 10
great site & awesome information. Thank You!
The feeling of wanting to give up but dont want to let go is such a torture
Great comeback from
Great time for your first goal Kreider.
good luck!!:)
#imightbelesbian...first PGA golf, now football! At least I drink ketel and not #budlite!!
There are too many doors in the world to give up and assume that all of them are closed
Thanks for the mention ! Looking forward to the 13th Annual Camden Ace Awards this week!
(That won't be me, by the way)
Well said
swag swag
positions himself for Sec of State if Romney wins?
Quick is the name -
okay. I will call you.
you bet! Our pleasure - we fully support language learning!
50 school days till summer.
“: So my friens got in car accident ans is going into work today . . . #whatatrooper I love youu”
Spread love not your legs!
the pic says friends no matter what color so I asked even if I'm green?
A designer and the community who knew a great designer like #mortepstein was in my little neighborhood
Looks like Spartans short of the goal line, but this is an impressive drive.
I can change - live out my imagination instead of my memory - tie myself to my limitless potential instead of my limiting past. S. Covey
I'm so tired.
YA: Great direction again ! YA wast flawed in writing and casting (Theron was terrible). Probably ur worst movie till date.
gorgeous beast!
Sunday morning , Santiam high school, mill city Oregon. Come through starts at 6:30 lol
haha of course jarred is going to come with us. :)
Thank you for following ;)
#crrunconf defining knowledge work: analytical, distinction between information and material goods, granular view, looks like writing
no age limit
vegas so stop by ill b here till eight then its off to stoney country bar on las vegas blvd see u there
Thank you Baton Rouge! Next stop Montreal.
I hope she's not a cubist.
uh what that didn't make sense haha?
yeah nigga im down as ever, we will win that hoe easy lol
RT "At concert with Susie!!!!! it's National take your friend to concert week!!! loving it:)"
sorry bout your Spartans Jemele....there is still some room on tge Orange bandwagon
Makes sense.
lol yeaa..but I'm going downtown tmrw I think!
The ball is about to get rolling on a Valentine's Day music video. Aww yeah.
University of Kentucky football welcomes them both.
": Jose Durate of joins us in the International Pavilion at 4! #BGTRavel" Paiche Amazon Demo, total success!
Thanks to my pals tweeting from the tonight. Next best thing to being there. #NextYear!
so you do that too??
First thing they'll likely tell you is there's no apostrophe in Bankers Hill.
Thanks much 4 RTs & mentions! Enjoy the long weekend!
Life is like a box of chocolates, ya never know what your gonna get
2 fouls to give
this week is just not my week, i want it to be over .
Let's start our campaign now!
just thinking about dragoncon
i'm here. Just had a nice nap.
omg me too
how r u doll??
Summer is writing time. I am teaching a short course and hope to make it back to S.A. & Belize.
Hahaha You Smart
Congrats to - Great job on #NBC's #Today show! #Socialist #Obama RT
“: Great having lunch with ! Thanks so much ! I am now Peter Gordon.” // Welcome!!
Oh but of course! ;)
I think where I am on any road should be none of your or the govt's concern. Since when did Conservative mean Sanctimonious.
Going into day 5 with this headache. When should I start to freak out?
I'm so with you. I cannot stomach their lies. It's disturbing on so many levels!
Live The Life you Love! ☮ ♥ (:
ha! Well, I'm going to need to rely on you for some SXSWness
the change to charge for team members and cutting number of streams is annoying. Would have been nice to know earlier
could this week get any worse? Think about it, guys we have spent more than the last decade with....
I need a good happy hour idea for today. Any ideas?
I just had a conversation with a woman in the Phillippines about iPhones. She was offended that I didn't think they had those.
I'm very quick to judge people by their writing in emails. Wonder what they think of mine...
#LSUARK Tyler Wilson is 8-11 for 94 yards while Jordan Jefferson is 12-16 for 126 yards. Haters can have a nice tall glass of STFU!
Government is like Social Net, they never ask us about NOTHING! Simple is better. What does it take for anyone to realize this.
are my idol I love you all the best luck at all,always remember that all your fans love you and always will,I love Avril ♥
i honestly just gave up hope.
Jacqueline Jules will be reading Picnic at Camp Shalom for storytime on 6/25 11 a.m. at One More Page Books in Arlington, VA. bit.ly/er8t7y
so what you're saying Jose, is you have no balls? Don't use #steroids kids.
How did my red boots break in my closet I didn't even wear them Lets C if the super glue works,If not gotta gettm fixd professionl
what do I need to do in life to become a philanthropist?
So glad to see so many of my friends are committed to vote in this November's election. November 2nd is only a week away
We are having our $140 buy in Bounty Tournament tonight at 7 pm.
I will miss #Delicious, Yahoo. 2 yrs of keeping track of all my work screens, logins, and school research - across all of my computers.
controlled and monitored SM should start young when parents and teachers can still have influence
When you purchase a lease from my site you get to download the beat(s) instantly ..
I can talk to hundreds of people in one day, but none of them compare to the smile you can give me in one minute.
Loved seeing 's beautiful face at work tonight <3 oh, and I guess it was nice to see too
Aud's unknowingly teaching herself imposition as she puts pages together to make a book...kind of makes me want to throw away my new Kindle.
sometimes life reminds you, you're in star wars.
right at 10 pm Central. Thanks!! I took about 230 photos last night, it was awesome.
lol no he is more north probably, but hey we could facetime a better pti
Smashed up what I believe in
I repeat, Marty knows you are f-ing with him.
"What the halibut?!" -- Mr. Krabs
Hey, just sent you a DM. Hope it's helpful.
I like your avi
Dat Ass will be my only playland by the time I get my hands on it. Hehehe.
A year ago today I married my best friend. We've spent 67 nonconsecutive days together. Wouldn't trade it for the world!
“ “ Kiss slowly, forgive quickly, play hard, take chances, give everything & have no regrets.””
Fighting only the easy battles insures us a place in obscurity.
Awesome! RT Reading Joshua chp10 and its so more rich for me, having read&heard 's Sun Stand Still!
This is taking so long .
hey pyro, I seen you tweet your looking for producers, I produce beats, may I send you a link to my site?
The three season New Orleans allegedly could eavesdrop on opponents? The Saints went 25-23 with 0 playoff appearances.
no there gonna be in a valado sneaker commercial
You can sit in on my Social Media Marketing class while at #CTConf tonight on Twitter using
Link dead.
Kicking kids off of #SNAP, free lunch, health insurance, & out of foster care will NOT LOWER #poverty!
At least I can watch some Along Came Polly before class
Who ever came up with 8 hour working days has really pissed me off.
Congrats to K. Theimer author of new book "Web 2.0 Tools and Strategies" on her election to the Society of American Archivists Council!
We suffer needlessly (1 Cor 11:30) when we're condemned & don't discern (understand) that Jesus was broken for our forgiveness.
Sitting in class trying not to fall asleep
I imagine that yes is the only living thing
Thanks ! See you at events very soon!
Facebook personalities are really totally separate from actual, real people personalities.
Yes, it does get easier. (Mary Stefanski, mom 2 Daniel Stefanski, author of "How to Talk to an Autistic Kid."
Rainy Night in SoHo
Behavioral economics also suggests that regulators will discount future benefits for current risks
Thanks for the mention and stay tuned. Lots on the way!
#Pottermore is legit!
It's the LOST syndrome. There was a time when death was off the table except in very rare circumstances. Now it's a trope.
yes you are following me sis
If I could just buy all the jackets, I would be completely at peace.
Process: Scan inbox, see emails I don't want to deal with, get anxious, do something else. Repeat.
Sensation drama is the new black. THE ELEVATED TRAIN CATASTROPHE 1921
would be way more surprised if this wasn't happening consistently
jchristianjr here responding back to leads for modeling and acting right now about to head out to get something to eat
haha let's bring it back cc/
If I have to work two jobs at 60 hours a week while having 2 college degrees, and barely have enough to get by.
Congrats on the new condo! Do you have the right kind of insurance for it yet?
you're such a freak.. Not even in the cheeky way.. You weirdo..
#Kobe with 24, isn't Coach Brown the same guy that lead the #Cavs & LBJ 2 the best record 2wice w/LBJ win'n 2MVP's?
Whitney Houston , is really dead ... Woah . :/
Have a great #filmfriday! *New
Thanks. Loved, loved, loved that book!
Have you purchased your tickets for the Women’s Success Summit that is going to be filled with smart, successful, influential women?...
Have made more soda bread to go with soup...and embarked on a daily vitamin supplement to see if I can improve my energy levels..
huge fan of yours in Portland! So very excited for your concert Friday!
LOVE SURPRISES, just don't like getting scared! :(
reversable suits: travelers best friend. I think you're on to something.
why does gluten intolerance seem to be on the tip of everyone's tongue these days? Did a new test come out??
Heard at the Net Lease Conference: Public/Private REITs driving pricing and demand for net lease product.
Not that im crazy enough to go bald , I would be ugly without hair lmao
thanks bro
2-1 to start the #NBA #Playoffs. yesterday.. Sunday. Utah +11 & Boston +1.5. Good Luck!!
imagine if you were walking to your parents car after school, you open the door. sit down. and Liam pops out of the trunk...
Puttin one in the air with the homies!
Whoa whoa whoa. Some dude just cut in line.
Thanks , have a safe trip home
Disappointing start to the Marlins season. I know its only been 2 games but their bats have been silent. #LetsgoMarlins!!!
You know it's whatever just gonna stay calm
New logo for whytheyteach.com is up and will be ready early next week. Anyone good with custom squarespace templates? I'm looking!
Enjoyed the tour of H-D's facilities today with and
RT How does the metro area LP still get me every time? Will this album ever be topped?
We are going to have a Blast<3
Thanks Trey! Email sent via DM
Q: When are you coming to Town Center at Aurora this week?
If Kimberly and Beck were to write the NY standardized tests, what questions would/should they ask? #ROC text us at 52545
The older you get the longer the list is of stuff to talk to the doctor about and less they seem to care about. Just getting old, no cure :)
What's up everybody Im back...
Ready for the day. Please let it be great!
no datsyuk? no lidstrom? no howard? no bertuzzi? no ericsson? no kindl? no abdelkater? NO PROBLEM.
Wow it's been a hot minute, been busy and that's always good! How are all my tweeps feeling this Valentines day?
RT If you LOVE THE GRAND MAN:}
It's official, NOTION3 is a huge success here at NAMM. More opportunities than we will be able to do, and still a day left. 2010 = HUGE
LOL..you called that one!!!! I would just have to sign my paycheck over to every month.
yum!! I want some !!! I'm already stuck with HW😥😰last 5 classes.3 state tests&internship deadlines
Too late; DEAD.
What are your #musthave #ipad Apps?
Nelson Cruz must love playing the #tigers. Crushing it this series
#EST IS ALL OVER MY TL INCLUDING imma smoke him out in Indy lol
I can already feel the pain of having to wake up in 6 hours.... Ugh
I want to go to YoYo Berri
Change is needed at the classroom and school level... But change is also needed at the district, state & national levels. –
Are you allowing enough time for your muscles to recover between training sessions? It can reduce injury risk and help you perform better
My teacher's interrupting my Greys Anatomy watching session with his lecture.
Glee cast ARE INSPIRATIONS!!!!!!!!!!!
How will a practical agenda of non-bureaucratic behavior help these students become entrepreneurial.
Getting my Instagram on :)
I hope your watching this game right now btw.. #OKC is SCARY good
You know it!
It was a great nap.
I heard from MAJ last night :) it is you... right?
Congrats- Allen Carpenter & Merilyn Fuller 4 winning Justin Bieber tixs on RoseQuarter.com! Enter-2-Win Jimmy Buffett & Celtic Woman tixs!
I just can't enjoy music that's not played loud.
If you're going to complain about how much drama there is, stop contributing.
Its a beautiful day out! And its Friday! And Jana comes home this afternoon!
Wow, I picked a terrible time to check the Brewers gamecast
haha then i have to edit it all 2
wish I was still there.
Four square
MIKE SNAER IS A BOSS
Nap and some George Strait and all is right in the world :)
Kobe Bryant: "I know how to score" that's definitely confidence.
Clearly they don't know good history! Did I ever tell you my BA thesis was on the history of women's shaving? Mostly C20 though.
Live jazz tonight at Burgundy Bistro featuring The Rose Colella and Dan Effland Duo from 5-8:30 burgundybistro.com
Congratulations to our new client Theresa & Phillip. We are so excited about planning your wedding. Nuff Love!
looks almost identical and ready to pop just like the prior level.
Without a doubt. We talked about that this morning.
Venmo is in great company! RT Products I have been introduced to in SF so far:
*unsheathes samurai sword*
It will be great to see you!
“It doesn't matter. With my neck around my neck around my neck”
Last Tuesday of every month... RT : When is the next Yappy Hour at ?
Where's the beer?
When in love it's good to think about how much you mean to the other person.
Start your Friday evening off with some food from paradise - Island Frydays!!
Thanks for all your work getting us set up with Ticketleap. I'll look into the things you emailed about. :)
where are the papers? i still haven't rec'd a link to them.
#UseTittiesInAMovieTitle I Know What Your Titties Did Last Summer
Today was going to be a productive errands day until I realized it's thanksgiving here today, eh?
I have this odd, totally out of the blue desire to go to Disney World. Like, right now.
Bout to head to stem excited to see my ladies
"Leaner, quicker, more responsive to American people" - Obama on federal gov
when a guy tickles you >>>> hsjshkahsjsgsjhsk
Arizona Cardinals at Washington Redskins kicking off at 1:00 PM ET #cardinals #redskins #nfl (Via )
Knew he hit one out - saw his Dad hit plenty. Makes sense he would have been to Nemo's back then
Keep voting for BTR!
can make anything happen
[a] Material upgrades can provide worthwhile improvements in fidelity, but sonic neutrality and transparency can only be achieved (cont...)
I hate losing a day once I lost a few days maybe I should change hair color! lol {{{HUGZ}}}
Hell yeah! Nascar is back.
i dont even read the comics, i just look at the pictures.
what's "The 0ffice" about?
Don't wanna go back to sac! Want to stay!!
so i hear ur skating now(; hows that coming along?(: you should try cruising! Its fun!
#ASTD tk12 now grandmaster of epic thumb wrestling Becky is now legendary GM Jane McGonigal led activity at ASTD TK
In case you think that some day it is going to occur, some day it most likely will happen.
Researching cocktails for an upcoming Baltimore restaurant. My goal is to tantalize, educate the imbiber's palate to long-forgotten flavors.
SO exciting! :) What a Thursday! RT We just got the good news! won two Telly awards!
Our meetup today for #Comm ECA is *at capacity* but if you see a 'er or Hi!
*New fact for the day*
Anyone want a card? I won't be needing it.
I enjoy playing Words With Friends on Facebook now......WHEN people are actually ONLINE to play.. :/
I kno u seen me call u twice 2day, I wanted my hair did n the am, must b boo'd up,lol!!!!
Up and playin with roxy and Finn :) mt dew for breakfast since I couldnt sleep to save my life last night.
lets see, quote for the day "Fuck HATERS, live your life cuz you only live once!" ONE LIFE, ONE GUY W/ ONE TRY TO GET IT RIGHT!!
can i pretty please get a follow? Love.....:)))) <333
is that a yes you'll think about it? :)
laying in bed. chill music. would enjoy a good conversation.
#FF My top followers this week:
CONGRATS! RT : A big thank you to for choosing me as a winner of a BridgeAbroad scholarship! So honored! :)"
I’ve learned that there is no elevator to success. You have to take the stairs.
DO YOU EVEN NO WHAT S>P>L>A>S>H LIFE STAND FOR ??? smfh
well well well, it's my old grammar student. What up?
Aforementioned major winter storm to bring potpourri of winter wx & likely large-scale travel woes to Midwest and Great Lakes Weds-X-Mas Day
Hell yeah! RT OMG AN ARCHIE FAN UR AWSOME WOW,
#ItsAWrap!!!... Today was a great day.. with great people... So... #WhosNext :)
#Word. RT : The sex made me cum, but the head made me stay
85 Cappers posted with the same 2 consensus from their pks which are on a 12-1 run last 4 days..back in an hour
Our sake bombs are...well....the bomb. Come by and try one ;)
I had a dream that I met Shaquille O'neal in a crowded mall. He posed for a photo with me, but it didn't turn out.
So angry :)
I hate coughing.
RT Chocolate Chip cookies in the am.... Smh what a diet!
omg, i read that as "i have to hit on you" and i got excited. then re-read it :/
good morning how is everything? “: sup ma”
Happy Birthday Dr. Montessori!
yes! all is well now.:) playing on bovada atm.
...But to love something despite. To know the flaws and love them too. That is rare and pure and perfect.” ~Patrick Rothfuss
because that honestly happened this morning. does she realize that ALL the people who created the ads were in the room?!
Just chilling in between stores
can i please get a happy birthday? i just turned 16 :)
My dad reading the ingrediants to his pickle in a puch "this says it has cucumber in it. How?" hahahah
Severe weather and heavy rain a distinct possibility close to SW and SC WI come Mon night - early Weds.
Why the hell would you dye your hair black?
Bryce Harper was 2 years old when Mariano Rivera made his major league debut.
Things don't change.
Are you a sweets lover? Then you'll love our chocolate and vanilla custard sauces!
I am so glad this week from hell is almost over. I'll escape and finish the short story - again - for the third time.
It's the truth before the lies.
Post work today and a small screening tonight. Hard work after Occupy Brentwood last night.
need to see a pic of your Harley...
I am in bloody dreamland!
Pedro, just listen to your heart
Somebody give me a subject... I need inspiration.
Wokeup with mystery finger and foot injury....sleepwalking???
I really think that we need to also figure the importance of sheer joy and FUN into the equation.
cum on me.
If I tell you I love you, can I keep you forever?
where can i go watch the fight
Love all the #teamtallgirls friends I've been making. :)
All lies yo
Getting closer to 200 followers, can we get there before the start of the spring semester?
I balance out my life better by not giving a fuck.
Use cozy, cotton slipcovers to freshen up sofas and chairs in guest rooms. Sheer draperies bring a crisp &clean ambiance
Yeah mine's doing the same thing ah!!! RT “: MacBook just went into cardiac arrest. Please get me through this next month!”
well said!!!
gtoy: gratuitous tweet of yourself. RT ": girls that can enjoy an ice cold beer every once in a while >"
just wanted to send you a SO saying I'm starting to apply your LinkedIn tips from #SoSlam. TY for the great advice!
Remove yourself from prideful investment in your projects and be slow to fall in love with your own ideas.
The truck just parked at Buffalo and Broadway. We'll be ready for orders in just a few minutes! Come and enjoy tasty food!
Worst pain that I've ever had.
Great thoughts! RT Connect them w/other cool/nice/interesting people while they're in your venue.
