I need a dress to wear to a wedding in two weeks. 3:00 ceremony, 5:00 reception in Annapolis.
it would be so easy. That is how I see them everyday of my life.
Steve Blake played good defense there, too.
o we're ready! It'll be a great game!
is the singer who sing " rolling in the deep"? I love this song!
I hope everyone is having a great morning and is going to get in some killer workouts today!!!
it looks like a penis omg
For juggling? :-D cc:
We saw the Jaws ride news on Facebook. It was posted by the "official" Jaws page.
:* I'm old been doing it for like 20 years. It's my special talent.
This is my other identity please jump in and follow. It's for THE AMERICAN DEBT FORGIVENESS ACT
So basically my professor lost my mid-term and now is trying to say that I didn't take it...super pissed right now
#TGIF up at Tailgator's for a cold one.
Thank you! I love hearing that. :)
Organize your tool box with this home tip: place a magnet with your small screws in a toolbox to help keep them together.
#ObamaForgot No matter what he do or say CONGRESS run &!#*
Big stuff going on!! Looks like we found a NEW place in San Antonio next to the airport. Stay tune for more details..... 877-527-5737
you're a goofy goober yeah!!
hell yea .. Got another little shorty today ctfu
UD will be closed Monday for the Memorial Day holiday. Enjoy!
Can hardly control my excitement for #TheHungerGames tonight with first a little Hip Hop Bingo with
Becoming TOTALLY OBSESSED with steampunk. Seriously, I think I might just die of inspiration over this.
Hello? Stock markets are just giant betting pools; the steep declines mean that gamblers—sorry, *investors*—are betting on the other team.
Tell me... Who is your favorite rock band of the 70's ?
Unreal. I tried to find the Chris Walken intro from SNL but I couldn't So I'll just say it....Ladies and Gentlemen The Foo Fightas
follow me Keno
all my followers should add or subscribe to me on facebook Devin Matthew Holbert i will accept anyones friend request....
My Helicopter is Awesome
this is so sad girl, are u kiddin?
We are not going to be privy to this information I take it?
I really need to run but to lazy how is it I can take the dog for 2 walks but am to lazy to run
It's never too late!
Ha. Yup. You called it!
"Let my meat cook good and well." - Dude ordering a sandwich, in public!
New passport arrived yesterday. Operation Dominican Republic is a go.
true story! smart people + a great party= deals getting done (magically, and organically!)
It has to be stadium sauce!
and now it IS Friday! Trek up to B'more and the beer is on us.
RT : If I'm reading this right,if you take every 17th letter of Gillis' statement so far, it spells "We're getting Weber"
I Know It Aint Ya First But Its Better Than Ya Last
�As social media, or whatever you want to label it, becomes more prevalent, there will be blunders
That awkward Moment when you call your teacher Mom...
hot damn haha. I usually finish last in bowl pics
"Screw Folgers, the best part of waking up is knowing I survived last night's drinking.” tonight
My biggest fear is to look out my window at night and see someone staring back at me.
Any landscape is composed not only of what lies before our eyes but what lies within our heads. – D.W. Meinig
Poor haha is taking over NYC!!!!
Hey :D
Happy B'day!! I'm rocking out with my 4 yr old boy to my Pink vinyl of "Beauty and the Beat" in honor of your day!
That was a less than impressive power play for the #Pens. Trying to feed Malkin too much.
what they say?
sadly, it seems like that always works.
Roses are red. Nuts are round. skirts go up. Panties go down. Belly to belly. Skin to skin. When it's stiff, stick it in.
First day of work in 2012 - no heat and sporadic internet. Not a great way to start the year. Today is another day! Hopefully better!
awesome, this bldg. is great! And what cool neighbors--nice!
How to work this
(x_x) lets see who bites my new trend settin as 4 2k12
I'm thinking broken nose just so I'm in the er all night
Follow & if you want some production get it while it's cheap
Yeah baby!
leaving my house now boys
I hate school.
it wouldn't go thru there other email I could use?
I love when people just assume things without knowing the whole story tho :/
i always do! , plus i am in studyhall
Everybody loves Raymond
Con't - Transformers 3 and that Spielberg movie Super 8. I am betting on the ladder. Spielberg has never disappointed! -
The Sad Facts of Life
as much as I wanted school to start... I miss my jazz!!!!!!!!!
Nice am waiting and will send more questions later
My Grandmom is back I kinda missed her lol
I'm trying to place my order, but it keeps telling me me zip code its wrong! I want my Y&R!!!
TIMEOUT EARL TIMEOUT
Had so much fun last night at the event "Zootini" Perfect ladies night with friends!
the chance you will actaully read this and respond back are slim to none, but the chances that you will seem better anyways!
health care practitioners: I would like to come and give a detox talk to your patients! Please contact me
I love the idea as well. Only thought is it should be a double header next year with 2 service academies opening.
Going to a thing where I have to dress nice. This kitty is gonna be a dress. Such a rarity. Picture soon
that just sounds awesome haha
ha ha! No its not! #dedicate yourself!
easy with that JUCO stuff bro lol
Up early worried about my grandma.
oh that car is so cute(;
a nigga almost there
I loved so I hope he doesn't stop singing! <3
Crazy day, right ?
Holy shit the Prometheus trailer looks amazing. I have to not get too excited. I always get disappointed.
Walking after you eat... Not a good idea
He Do Not Listen At All Smh
Setting up the Causality booth at The Washington State Nonprofit Conference...with coffee in hand.
Remember that little film called #Avatar? Disney buys up the rights to create Themed attractions in their parks.
#RIPWhitneyHouston "You're good enough" You'll be loved & treasured forever
Take some time to learn about all the Alper JCC has to offer—there's a program here for everyone!
For simplicity on this side of complexity, I would not give a fig. For the simplicity on the other side of complexity, I would give my life.
you looked great last night!
Allergies r killen me right now!.
Awesome, Maniac Cop is one of my favorites as well!
Happy Puppy Bowl Sunday to all Americans and your pets!
Nothing says "get the fuck out" quite like when someone starts vacuuming the entire floor except the small space where you're standing.
I haven't stopped smiling since this morning.
The new weekday is coming. May the coming New Day bring you joy, love and peace. #backtoschool deals are available in
/ #adaywelllived is all about being present, good or bad. I was present.
"The Artist" is this year's "Shakespeare in Love." In 2-3 years, we'll all be saying 'What were we thinking?'
When are we going channel cat fishing on the Wisconsin?
i'm still baffled that fox is allowed to put their lies on display as fact. HOW IS THAT RESPONSIBLE??
going to get my hair and nails done. It's good to be a girl
Lol fuck this. I can't ever sleep in this fucking room.
Who doesn't get tired? Nobody does. Everybody gets tired at one point but should we stop? We shouldn't, unless it's not worth fighting for.
Pay attention people, THAT is how you do a #halftime show.
what got u so wide awake
Aww, shucks! We wish you could have made it, too. How was #WestSideStory?
CPC 14000 at dinner break - I cant-get-no-chippie-action
People kill me with these tweets they call #random. Isn't Twitter about speaking your mind to whoever us listening?
Received a Facebook friend request from a drag queen named "Pickles Flambe." I love my life.
*Looks around, Missing *
=] following back
Any suggestions for dealing with a strained, maybe torn, calf muscle?
UTSA fouls on the in bounds, McNeese at the ft line...
And Enoch walked with God after he begat Methuselah three hundred years, and begat sons and daughters:
stick in the brown ale
2 Pac Life Goes On
Save the Date! April 19th on NBC's watch an inspiring story featuring our patients attending a prom for kids with cancer.
my boyfriend lives in Texas.
Hupy & Abraham's Watch for Motorcycles message began airing 3/12. Watch for contests to win prizes while spreading the awareness message.
bought a load of vitamins today, omega 3 and glucosamine, im good for a few months.
Rush Limbaugh does not understand international finance.
I miss how we used to be. I just want to talk to you so bad, but I'm scared to tell you how I feel.
I don't care what your race is, sexual orientation, wealth, status, age, skinny or fat. If you want to be my friend.. I'll be your friend.
make those people pay extra for the service charge!!
“: Oh. And my Patriots won yesterday! #teampatriots” go patriots!!
This MySQL lecture might kill me. Or should I say SELECT * FROM death.
you will be in Chicago this Friday so Excited love you mama
agree, esp. bc when FLA played OSU nobody gave MICH the chance for rematch, they lost to #1 and Gators lost by 10 to Auburn
was walking his dog in #Boston & I overheard this other guy saying how happy he was that the game got canceled. NESN ratings:(
Leaving Chicago with a head full of ideas. Thanks
Trivia time folks! In which state is a state highway named after me? What town is his birthplace museum located?
Visited grandma today. Found picture of grandpa with his "best friend" circa 1935. Make sure you read the photo comments...
studying logic at the blind pig w/ a duchess and an amazing pianist waxing jazzmatic. good subject, good beer, good jazz
Right now #weather maps are showing a high of 87 on mothers day for the #PDX area!!!
Two and half men is so damn funny!
i just watched you sing think of me on seths chatterbox and i have goosebumps!! Your like the best singer ive ever heard <3
F**k you I'm going to sleep
out of curiosity, are you wanting to be a published author someday? x
i talk to you later cause my mom said i cant be on now!:p bye!:)
Wow so many followers in such a short time
It's not WHAT you said, but the WAY you said it.
RT Preciate ya support pimp! >>: Listening to on
Gonna try this gym thing...I hear they help you stay in shape
what's your blog again? my friend is getting into gardening and she needs some resources.
Thanks for posting this. I saw it a long time ago. Great shot.
same here usually. experience tells me that you are just gunna get in trouble much after that.
Ilgauskas probably shouldn't even be the rotation. I'm not sure his health or spot is to important at this point.
#ThisYear i will try not to have any fights
This.RT : It seems the older you get, the unhappier you get.
ok great! I want to have everything in order. :-)
DON'T FOCUS ON THEM JUSTIN YOU HAVE PLENTY OF FANS WHO LOVE YOU DONT FOCUS ON THE ONES WHO DON'T.
#theresnothingilovemorethan watching movies :)
I'm turning into a groupie... lol no homo tho I just love HipHop
You know me den yu know i work hard on my off days
yeah, shaken up but ok. Thx
Yay! Didn't have to go to school today! I had a GREAT time just relaxing. I want more days like this to be away from school and everybody!:)
I'm taking egg drop soup for my lunch tomorrow. ^__^
The Savini Effect strikes again! The band performs at 10:30 before the Friday showing of THE BEYOND!
Missing you too Talia! Sorry that I'm not on a lot anymore :( xo♥
Watching some cheesy vids in preservation for my Preservation course!
Still time! Or come next week with me and
that song and acoustic ep is the only songs i listen to for now(: oh and i should've kissed u
Come get our Lasagna for dinner tonight! It's made with ricotta soprafino, mozzarella, provolone, & our home-made "smashed" sauce!
we do.
Why she be tryin to put me on blast #BLOCK?
Hungry as fawk! Any suggestions?
Chen Guangcheng looks like a Bond villian.
I'll take my 4th of July fireworks in homerun celebrations, thanks.
I gotta get to the paper. Even in the dark ima shine so bright!!! You know it going down
Another great day at the shop! Gotta love Fridays
Wondering how is doing.
Liam's accent >>
Everyone Follow The lady is totally on fire and seems to be wey groovy!
Well...not really enjoying but, I don't fucking know. Using it while I can?
"propose it, fund it, code it, test it, document it" - Go Koha!
Looking forward to a year from now when we will be tweeting about non stop before opener.
that's awesome. Looking forward to meeting you.
Those are the BEST books :)
Don't listen to the people saying your songs suck on Femme Fatale, if anything they're the best. :)
i want to meet my twin flame. thats going to be amazing
It's sitting on my bookshelf, bought it a few months ago. This is getting weird...
Knicks cannot and will not win a game. The NBA Refs will not allow it, it seems
I wonder how many people this goes to.
got you locked in...
When the weather is like this, all I want to do is listen to Pole and knit.
Thanks for the #FF nods!
thank you
Goodbye El Paso! Until next time...
You only encounter resistance if you're going towards something
And thanks for the feedback, missy. How's the term wrapping up for you?
Just started reading a horribly written book. Must read some Dickens or Wallace Stevens to make up for it.
That kid on the cover of Time is way too old to be doing that... or way too young.
I almost entered into a heated exchange just now and I too forgot to eat. Also like last February.
Sitting at your desk all day? Take this moment to stand up, stretch and walk around.
stinky ;p
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO THE GROUND!
What type of work?
new #job, I'm looking for an #iOS senior developer in #408 hot start-up in series A funding
Walmart has a dunking booth!:D Allissa's gunna dunk me. OneAndOnly<3
Love does not pass.
It's better to have 4 quarters than 100 pennies
Just saw the coolest diagram: Public floating school, Baltimore. Yes, it's a school on a boat.
no it's an example of a logo
"Elementary my dear Watson" > C.J. Watson
": #CIAWOF The Greek terms for greens is horta, which can refer to leafy greens as well as herbs."good to know
28 IM MISS YOU
"A positive attitude may not solve all your problems but it will annoy enough people to make it worth the effort."
RT : sorry, when was the. cut off date for making history?
I have not tweeted today. Ok.
Finally starting feel better after wkend in the hospital/surgery best nurse ever & gets man of the year award 4 this one ;)
Miller is really at the forefront of "getting drinker faster" innovation.
Working is such a drag. Why can't I be like the other Persian princesses in Beverly Hills that have money and like a rich daddy?
I'm fascinated by most rednecks, actually.
We just received our very first order from Ireland!! Great start for the week!! RT
"He got caught riding almost 30"! Yo, if Whitlock is on I'm watching
I KNEW the last crawl was missing something. A theme song. Obviously.
Time to play your favorite record/CD/casette/8 Track! CRANK IT UP!
. is my comic book store guy, but for music and YA fic.
the text I just got HAHAHAHAHA never in a million years!
Someone talk to me please? My buddy left. :(
Think like a man was to funny.. watched it and spent the wholleee day with. .. wonderful day it was
omg that's hard!!!! It like saying “Louis or Liam” lol
Chelsea win 3 games in a row in 3 different competitions under new manager RDM. We are back in business. :-D
hm experiments?
I can promote this for you to over 10k followers 4 tweets a day for 7 days for only $25 Let me know! I can start today.
I. Hate. Huskies. Go Green.
They get so much $$ from the big businesses & owe them not us. They have forgotten they are there to work for us. SAD
Thanks Jennie - I'll reach out!
5 more LIKES until we give away a free pair of denim!!
Ditto! Table for 35 for lunch ? :)
who does it remind you of? ;)
where the eff are you!!!! #nobodyshome #:-(
Marriage and Family Therapists Convention on March 4th and 5th - come by and say hi.
3rd WINNING PICK - #NFL WEEK 9...EAGLES/COWBOYS #TAKETHEOVER (50)...BATTLE OF THE GUNSLINGERS...BOTH TEAMS QUICK TO ABORT RUN GAME
thanks. unfortunately im severely restricted by the pre-made themes so can't control the black banner :(
yes, see you tomorrow!
Profs wnt bks they own digitized but don't want to use thr copy: makes sense if they're teaching a course w/that bk rght now
so you have dreams of him singing to you LOL
RT : I'm LIVE!!! on www.hooahradio.com - bridging the gap between our deployed Heroes and their families back hom… (cont)...
The countdown is on: 1 month 20 days till the Brantley Gilbert concert in Lexington, KY super excited about that :D
bring it!
Hey John, guess who's on here, your 2nd cousin Bri... Have a great night!
still need to see Cabin
Teen Wolf Season 2 June 3rd... LETS GO!!
My Christmas present to myself this year? Why, on Broadway, of course!
Constant Frustration, stimmin from a no end situation, Rushin Lustin fornication, adding to the complication,
Can't you just use a remote proxy? (I've heard rumors of people doing that with Netflix)
Yup. It's hard to watch after Bulls game. : ill see how late I stay up for this hawks game
tell him I said wassup cause I knw you prolly on the phone wit him ryte now,
I shall c what I can do :))
Didja try ? Delicious!
Any Underwriters out there in the mortgage industry! Long term contract position. Dallas TX send resume to
Thanks for the mention! Nice tone to your post as well.
thanks sweet girl!!! :)
That still counts!
A recent police study found that you’re much more likely to get shot by a fat cop if you run.-Dennis Miller
Watching "Air Force One" w/ rogue Secret Service agent. Not the best timing, but it gives u pause that Secret Service could be corrupt!
Great article, Peter! Thank you!
im workin on it! eek im soo excited. hahah
yeah they are!
Whew! That was a busy holiday season. Happy new year to everyone! We are back from vacation! p.s. The
RT : My penis is friendly WOW! That's awesome. Best. tweet. ever.
I wish every week was nationals on
Stoner Couture is looking for distributors. Come join our team and help market our brand. Contact me at for info
Dogfish Head Beer Dinner 1 week away!
damn. It's a thanksgiving day potter marathon!
Will there ever be an end to music?
Wow another great interview w/ #UltraViolet & her experiences with #AndyWarhol & #SalvadorDali. Cant wait to share this story w/ everyone!
you know what?
BOTH of their touchdowns came almost directly after awful calls by the ref. Unreal.
Nowadays the #greatdepression would be referred to as The Epic Depression. IT'S 2k11 BABY!!!!
Then we discovered we had a blender, rum, and a variety of fruit juices...our first overcast, rainy day..
Stressed spelled backwards is desserts.
She earned it! (Colorado Springs road trip sealing the deal as biggest #RITHocky fan! :-) But will share: DM e-mail
Just saw Wayne Newton's private jet... In his backyard WTF!
I wish Caddyshack never happened. There, I said it.
yeah when I hung out with chris In his bus. He showed me his jar of weed. But that doesn't really harm you, does it?
The cure for America's corruption begins with four simple words, "Jesus, be my Savior."
My timing was pretty deliberate to ensure uninterrupted health insurance. :-)
Just stop.
Back to work i go!
Excited to check out the Helmut Newton Exhibition in Paris on Friday. I know he's one ofyour inspirations.
Coming home? Pinky promise?
Got my moms gift ! :)
This time around I'm not going to allow you to piss me off I'll just get even !!
Omg I feel like listening to maroon 5
That's right girl... flip that neg energy:)! Merry Christmas mamaz:)!
You Just Did It Again, #Smh .
Good question. Actually, trans refers to the active form. Resveratrol is typically part trans and part sys (the inactive form).
Sunday! Come see and more at The Pike Room! $10 tickets!
and there are so many of them this time of year!
Alright Q2 up next -- off to an awesome start!
I wish you'd be there for me like u promised...
I got my phone back!! what I toll you is truer
is my sweetheart<3
We can't wait to see you and at the event.
What do y'all think of us bringing in Tim Tebow. All he does is win!
Oops. I didn't make it public. Try now.
Sad week, we lost #DickClark, #JonathanFrid & #LevonHelm. RIP dear gentlemen.
how was your Christmas eve?
I have no clue I gotta talk to my gma about it but ill let you know!
Berger's are so delicious! And come in lemon sometimes now too!
(days later) Yes! Soon!
John Paul "JP" Jones the Propmaster
Has anyone out there ever tried Joli OS? What did you think?
I need 2 dryers to my one washer! Next house/condo must have 2 dryers, or washer/dryer in master bedroom closet/bathroom and another.
Check your account Dave and change password. Got a suspicious DM from you buddy!
We did hand things in English class, for my favorite person I put :)
Thanks, Celtic Rose!
What did I miss from the forum?
Drupal 7.x is almost out. ;)
Bailed on the grocery store. So I can either eat something real weird, or order Chinese...
Absolutely! Isn't that one reason we got cell phones? Well, maybe not but it was a unintended benefit!
would u eat a dwarf's pussi
It was an email for the new Taruskin/Gibbs textbook: "Vintage T-Shirts Are Cool. Vintage Textbooks Aren't."
Speaking on panel on journalists and fair use at World's Fair Use Day on behalf of
Where the heck could Adam Levine find a payphone?
Nets now turn their attention to acquiring Eddy Curry
"I now realize that in life need to show UP like I've got back UP!" Ps 23.4 AGV (Alex Gee's Version)
quote of day from conference; Benjamin Mays (1953); "Nineteen centuries ago, an eternal light did come out of the East..
That weird moment when you get out of the shower and there's someone in your room . .
GREAT attitude. I think it invites more opportunities. :) I hope something wonderful happens for you! Rock on girl!!
Upgraded features, Upgraded chatting, we are working for you to make dating easier #1 free jewish dating website
where have you been all my life? can we plan a dinner date sometime soon??
Aww yay! It was a great conversation, our table got very lively!!
Someone needs to talk me out of wanting red hair again. Black to red is not an easy process.
Spending Saturday finishing your guys next song "Tongo"! Just for you all:)
Sneaking out cause I deserve that shit!!!!!!!!!
#OnceYou should be a tweet for #OnceUponATime but sadly it’s not until now!
NP. We love free web resources!
dont worry your still maa baby love !
Les, I am a persistant entrepreneur and I have a GREAT idea! I need help with funding or a partnership, what do I do?
In progress: strawberry vanilla bean jam & strawberry balsamic jam.
Yes, today is Friday actually!
sold out. I'm going to
EVERYONE like www.facebook.com/zakdowntown !
looking for The Colonial Estate 2004 Exile Shiraz for my collection...anyone looking to sell some?
Great to be with all of you. I love the SPARKS of energy that ignite from each person.
BOW BOW BOW BOW
:( plz follow me it will make my day =)
Guess whose drunk?! This boy right here ;)
If you see me, it's definitely ironic. Yeah...ironic.
I'm so screwed.
Hm is this what you really want;-)
Just had a great planning meeting with Art Milwaukee for an international art walk along National Avenue this fall!
This Bucks team is going to be good as soon as they have less than 10 players who don't suck.
I look forward to it! Are you getting early to the venue that day?
1 shoutout? Okay... that's cool to....
So many great resource and ideas for adapting to college life shared here tonight! Thank you!
man im waitin for this 10,000th tweet !!! lol i refuse to miss it !!
What's your favorite song at the moment and why?
Closely linked to obesity, type 2 diabetes was almost unheard of in children just a few decades ago.
Learn somethin new eryday I tell u
I know cough cough cough
I can also feel a #Wranglers Championship coming
Just picked tire and rims for the Challenge. Just 43 days 12 hrs to go!
happy birthday, Smooth!
our webhail is better. #justsaying:) RT : and here I was trying to webhail a flash cab!
Good afternoon. Awesome so far!
Wild Onion Brewery and Peter Janusas to bring their wild brew to Beer Hoptacular.
I like the young kids and the excitement. Rivalries will be formed.
that'll work bc my uniform is white...
aww :'] RT Good luck with those exams to all the students! Study hard so u can party harder!
somebody email me some beats
All I can smell is GiGis cupcakes and I've stuffed my face full of shrimp cocktails thanks to Sullivan's.
ha. Someone once asked me if I had to read every book in the library. I said, yes, of course.
Yes, I should clarify. It was @ Filling Station off Gillham
I just wish you would be nice to me
Sometimes I wonder why im still in Kc,i ain't got NOBODY in my corner....i might as well pack my bags &d leave FOREVER
Anybody else out there having issues opening links on twitter? Can't see instagram or links to news. :-(
im good thank for asking " its been a minute ..... how u been ?
i LOVE apples. but im SO picky when i eat them. they have to be red. and COLD. and hard. none of those mushy apples. thats gross. as hell.
Collard greens and cornbread, yeah! Boy, you're betta than my mama's collards and cornbread!!
Alison Krauss is sounding good lately!
“Without music, life would be a mistake.”
"yogie bear wants his berries back"
your reaction to me stealing your backpack today was priceless.
both, Twitter fiends often become friends...
Just Got In 4rm Dis Church Picnic. Id Waz Decent!. Im Tired Doe. 2 Busy Steppin 2 Some Music. Im Smootha Den Some Of Deez Adults Doe Lol
No matter what you go through that right person makes you forget all about it..
Brah I think I'm in love wit Rihanna
I AM THANKFUL I HAVE HAIR PERIOD!!
2all PR Peeps who keep contacting me please bugger off! U r paid liars&maipulating fabricators of info unable2glean my marketing algorithms.
RT : RIP Carlos Fuentes, one of the true greats of world literature
Point, story, action or "psa" needed for good story. Ties in with learning principles. Be clear about "change idea"
Happy Friday!
I just didn't think you would be just like your neighbor, you kno how sad that is?
Wanna be your victim!.
that doesn't make sense
Your biggest decision in life is the biggest decision you can make!!!!
That was disturbing what I just saw
they re-arranged the furniture in the house.
do you play MW3?!
Why do people like to debate with me? Just agree to disagree and sthu
i'm already in a bad mood shutup
If you purchase a $100 dollar gift card from bebe, you receive a $15 dollar bonus card! #FindersKeepersFriday so awesome!
I love meeting new people especially tourists :)
Some kid named Paco invaded my twitter
Exactly...let's get back to everyone understanding that I'm a genius and always have the team's interest in mind.
done and done. Thanks friends! Cannot wait to see the new Lakeview space and have some brunch!
on Chiller RIGHT NOW! Check it out!
Thanks, Machiko! For some reason I think I knew that. Maybe it was in your WaPo bio or something.
just here so far - We all needed a turn on Gustav ;)
Make sure your phone number is listed on your website...Email is convenient but the phone still reigns supreme
Thanks, y'all. There is a bartells, and it's on my path to lunch!
thanks for the support! we are fans of your work as well. RT : Back in Chicago, first stop
Pitchers and catchers report to spring training in 5 weeks!
I'm sure it is! The speaker saying how it only matters to those involved in the beginning not to buyers later
Giving a shout out to some great people and great friends. are touring constantly and working hard. Playing in a city nearyou
oh okay i see the connection there
saw her in dallas last sat...my guess is she is an animal
fuck you and Larry's garage ese
all the wwe superstars i wanted to win at #ExtremeRules won what are the odds of that happening lol #ExtremeRules Rocked
Im Being Dead Serious If i Had A Chose Between Yoy Or Justin Id Rather Pick You<3
no sweat myke, thank you!
Thanks for the shout out! This is one of the (many!) reasons why we libraries continue to do what we do.
I enjoyed your article this morning ! It will take #GreatParents like you plan on being to demand the
now thats a bad ass tattoo . million trillion thumbs up .
Money talk bullshit walk!
Me either! RT : I don't like the character Tank played in Preacher's Kid.
now following.. have a good number of friends and clients in Des Moines.. forwarded the info.. glad to connect
haha it's freezing rain over there?
we purchased ours from FSR here in Cville. Both men's and women's styles, good prices, wonderful service.
It's almost 9 pm...Chewie not looking ready to sleep...getting worried...
In the meantime, can we get some more followers!? #FollowWednesday?
Aw your so sweet! Thank you. :)
Cheer up. You're the only one here with a job. RT Been here since 6:30am. Workers pulling up carpets now. The day has sucked!
About half of the likes on that tacky flag dress are serious. Which is even better
So much football confusion! Lol! Big blow for teeeblow lol !
Omen much?? RT : BREAKING: French officials say new President Francois Hollande's plane hit by lightning, no one hurt. -EF
Persistent people begin their success where others end in failure. - Edward Eggleston
she said we are all too connected... she said your response time was quicker than McDonalds.
I'm sorry for constantly talking about dance... It's just kinda my life
You got to act like a woman and think like a man! ✌
you know... We do have similar hair styles ... ;)
The first step towards getting somewhere is to decide that you are not going to stay where you are. ~ Chauncey Depew
RT : if you need any graphic design work...flyers, logos....etc contact ! One of the best companies!
I've watched all of your videos (: your just amazing, I love you #MahomiesForLife I will dance if u follow me ;)
Year 3 of the ESBC is now over and now planning has started for ESBC VI 2013
I'm jealous.
Happy 4th of July!
hoping I feel less crappy tomorrow for the Renaissance Fair
STOP FIGHTING PLEASE
I have read that the numbers are increasing exponentially. But where are the twittering lawyers in Balt. DC area?
I can tell when people don't fuck with me, but oh well I'll be gone in less then a year anyway.
That moment when 4 guys buy 3 pizzas.
Faculty @ 5: The Great American Songbook Jan 25 5pm. Free. Jonsson Performance Hall. Join us for a free, informal presentation series...
hunger games
1/2 way through our Summer Dreamers music camp, & excited for upcoming shows: Alpine Lake, WV/Bethlehem PA/Brooklyn NY/Cleveland OH!
We are now accepting youth submissions for the film festival!! Submissions are free for middle and high school students!
RT : The Knicks' tonight had four scorers with 20 or more points in the same game. I haven't seen that in a while.
right message = right time - like music to our ears
Double OT, great game.
: RT "Operation", try studying forensic pathology or mortuary science.
you don't belong in the house anymore. Lamar was being a cry baby so we traded him to get under the tax. It's a business. D12 time.
dont tell me what to do.
misssin my baby eric so much <3
Food Truck Friday is on!!!!!!! #ComeGetYourSpuds !!!! We are here til 9pm with a ton of other trucks..
why would I lie about this..?
Pumped for my boy Kid is heating up! Must of had next summers Vegas trip in his head
Lil Boosie not guilty lock his ugly ass back in that cave sounding like a cartoon character when rapping lol
That's what I did for the last IUE. lol
i'm glad i didn't ... whateva
That last RT made me LOL, for real.
hey! good evening, haha. sorry I didn't see this all day :( how are you doing, jane?
Didn't know that existed
This 72° change in weather is much nicer than tropical hot-n-sticky.
Is this the latest idea for government pension financing reform?
Thanks. How about a follow?
All my police mug shots are exceptional.
please tell me about it?
Ooohhh... Leo would so LOVE that. He's a good writer! Plus everything he writes he wants to give away instantly...
haha tread carefully
I think sex is better than logic, but I can't prove it.
whoa man so much this morning. since when do I think I have the money?
I am so redeyed and sleepy! I couldn't sleep all night. I learn at Pubcon, go back to the hotel, and apply.
5 hours until our deadline! Gah!!!
haha clicked on to see what tinychat was. I heard you talking on his computer.. Im like.. what?? lol. He was the "guest"
Beautiful day in #ABQ Ready for March Madness to begin for the
haha Listening to music and obsessing over Romeo And Juliet
Thank you, those are great words of wisdom, the only thing left to say I guess is......Bite Me, and Mind your Own Damn Business hahaha!!
hope you didn't have them going really far. Very young team. Gonna be dangerous in the next couple yrs
#YouKnowShesTheOne When you can't see yourself with anybody but her,
its a shame how these niggaz be acting smh!
"Girl lemme see your body move" (women 50 and older shaking it)
Hahahahahahah!!!!!!!!!!! RT : Hold on I'm trying to think of something to make up about you.
That's what Pucillo said, so it's true.
thank you for following! Have a great weekend!
Lust of love & life with you.
Thinking is going to get the car fixed but instead he's getting a tattoo..???
who's down for Phil's after? #pussy OnDemand
When we compare ourselves to others, we compare our weaknesses against others strengths.We are all unique-Choose to live without comparison.
Hey thanks! Hope you end up trying it out regardless. :)
PickUpLine: If I flip a coin, what are my chances of getting head?
Faded in my house lmao
haha that's just post game bitterness talking. You know I don't mean it!
&%$# But also remember to not let your good have the appearance of evil, its a twoway street.
I just found out that everyone where I works gets free popcorn all day! #Seriously what took me so long to come here?
looking forward to showing BCAC and the impact we have to keep kids safe today
*pats your vagina* :O what's that bump?!?
Pandora > Slacker
Eatin rite now
I love this man RT : The weather in L.A. this week has been as consistent as the third season of LOST.
This is my second time too! I was lazy for a gew years :( It's a great program to get running again.
The best of all worlds
Court must consider basis of opinion even if RR > 2.0. Jones v. Owens-Corning Fiberglass Corp. 288 N.J.Super. 258
So, which signed KR from today starts? Asa Jackson or Jacoby Jones?
Richard Pryor just asked me what I want for my birthday I told him Bicentennial Nigger & Supper Nigger on LP.....
Very sad to hear about Adam Yauch's passing. First celebs passing I am actually sad about.
RT : "Don’t go through life, grow through life."
☼ Readiness of speech is often inability to hold the tongue. Jean Baptiste Rousseau
Modern #jobseekers->take chunky #resume summary & pare it down to 2 lines & tight presentation
"If you did not look after today's business then you might as well forget about tomorrow." --Isaac Mophatlane
Love your blog!
1 piece of the #EdTech "greatness" puzzle is thoughtful implementation. w/o clear goals, those devices mean nothing
your favorite word may be ecoplasm or whatever but OCTAPLOID is a much better word. OCTAPLOID hahahahaha
I wish you were mine and only mine.
Not sold on Dooling, but it's only 1 game
Today's dictionary, word of the day is gung-ho: wholeheartedly enthusiastic and loyal. I love the way gung-ho is spelled.
Denver, Colorado 's Polidori Chorizo is the perfect item to buy @ the grocer today to start making those delicious foods for
Roku. It IS the bomb. Wherever you are, don't pay for cable.
#thatawkwardmoment when you realize your older brother really does love you,and you thought he was out to ruin your life<3
what up Leah! how bout a follow and don't forget our 1st album is available on iTunes and you can peep us on Pandora.
Try not to wreck your car!
I'm sorry! I'm so sorry! I didnt mean to hurt you! I didn't mean to do anything! Please. Everyone fucks up..
This Monday had pretty much sucked!!
-bout to take my phanny back to bed tho'
Another beautiful day in the greatest city in the world! If you're in the French Quarter come by the spa and say hello!!
Models Monday Madness! Ladies complementary Drinks & Appetizers. Hampton Daze Magazine presents their giveaway and more today
RANGERS WIN!!! LETS GO RANGERS!
Bye! And good night!
#ThingsIHate Being ignored, especially if I'm trying to fix my mistake and I can't because you wont give me the time of day.
My daughter is being a bad influence on me..
All the ants in the world weigh approximately the same as all the human beings in the world.
hahaha, (: mrs fisses in a lot of pain, pay attention
Thank you both for coming!
Looking forward to play again. Tonight my official Bday party:-)
they should work still and let me know if they don't :)
I have a great free promotion site link on my profile if you need it. Do you follow for follow? i am intersted :)
Spitten some insane freestyles right now...
That was the point. <3 You know how I do. ;)
Main reason I don't like it is b/c seems based on notion that lack of money is the root cause of homelessness.
Saw Brad Garrett's show tonight. Very funny. Good friend, known him for 20 years. For dirty jokes, follow me
CAN U PLEASE FOLLOW ME PLEASSEE U WOULD SERIOUSLY MAKE MY DAY <3 AND CAN U PLEASE COME TO WAUKEGAN ILLINOIS AUGST 12 <3
Boyfriend by justin bieber <3 - world premier video lol
Biz Quote of the Day: "E-mails are for fully developed ideas, texts are for quick practical information, and the phone is still my best too…
Get Up, Get Out & Get Something
I gottah use the bathroom
#FF You too Sherri - I enjoy the tweets!
Lady Gaga Greets Fans At Born This Way Promo
i havnt texted tht much all year
IF YALL WANT TO GET INTERVIEWED BY THE FAMOUS ON CHOP SHOP RADIO CALL JENNIFER 2107846094 SHE WILL SET IT UP OR LEAVE MESSAGE
BTW, Paulie's slump is so bad that he was officially passed by Adam Dunn in the SSA Power Poll last night.
I'd rather loose an Argument than a Bestfriend..
Back in the city of brotherly love. NYC I'll be back soon
“ #Capricorn won't fall into romantic delusions of who we may think you are, we go off of what you show us.” Preach
If you think it's ok for #Syria to work w/ #Iran to arm #Hezbollah, you've got some serious jihadi issues.
Perfect and awesome. Now, will see HL every time I watch that Volkswagon commercial. : )
Spam me.
note the report time!
thanks, Ashik - noted! :)
Thanks for the shout out! If you ever need back ups, just let us know ;-)
My 30 day Challenge is starting in just over 2 weeks. Get on board before it's too late. Message me for details!
And P.S none of those tweets were even me.That very last tweet was me..So.an apology would be nice.
Pleased to report that has figured out that the pilot is always on. How do I know? Because she's sitting in the cast iron skillet.
Just finished uploading my circa 2000 CD to my iTunes. Luv him! If I'm 24, does this mean I get to be twice as 12?
Like the new blog design.
On what basis would you suggest this? Seems like an outlier position.
I've heard of Facebook trending more toward Pinterest w stronger imagery. We live in a visual world.
I call them flash drives
RT : I'd understand more if a team signed Kwame for $7 and a million years.
holy shit finally home feels good out all goddamn day
Check out P.O.P. Station on Pandora internet radio
After the longest week ever, I film tomorrow, photo shoot saturday and a workshop on Sunday.
Is that class open to non-portfolio students?
10 Facebook Tips if your face is bumpy don't take a pic close as fuck to your face
Why do a lot of people hate on Bryce Harper? Yes he's a bit cocky, but he rarely opens his mouth and says anything.
hope you rocked your exam, but how could you not rock it! :)
Just saw my reflection and I look like a teenager again!!!! Im def on that benjamin button type shit!!
quit your job and make more art #1982 RT : I was programmed for more important work
RT : Why do you niggas give such a fuck about gays getting married? They still kill niggas in America for sport. Worry about that.
& WHAT R U GUYS GETTIN READY FOR? LOL
will love this: RT "Well, it is what it is." --vacuous idiots
Niggas said bad news its a girl where is the trash can lmao
IS YOU OKAY? IS YOU GOOD? CAUSE I WANTED TO KNOW.
lol but I don't believe you :(
announces their music lineup today! excited to see what's up their sleeves.
Glad you had a good time!
So confused about people who are SO CRUEL, but then can't seem to see that their reactive comments are relationship-killing (or even rude).
Sure no problem, and if U see #balloonboy tell him to call home, his parents are worried sick about him...crazy ufo balloon!
going to be at a game tonight? Upload your pics to !
U are fine the way u are. To each his/her own. Stay beautiful
That did not look graceful.
LOL look at our mentions
O M G
Nice, great job yo!
Mother of god, so much pain.
MT Nice review paper on effects of in-store marketing on #food choices, Am Journal of Preventive
RT : wins over missouri and ohio st. for sure
Thank you #oscars for all the lovely traffic in west Hollywood and the non stop helicopters flying over our apartment... It's Oscar day
please do.
That's a great derby car - congratulations!
Let's hope my hack is over. I apologize for the messages sent your way. I'd say it individually but I'm maxed out thanks to my hacker.
Can you get away?
You need to get Coney on Twitter Michael
A million thanks to the 24th dist of for working so hard for us in the area! Your tireless work is appreciated!
I got coming through Wednesday #allegedly lol wanna work on that record...come through..
Sour D x OG Skywalker & instrumentals. New #ViBEMusic coming soon W &
YEA...VEGAS PIMPIN!!!
sorry... Fill me in?
Oh Channing tatum was in that commercial oh la fuckin la
Last Laptop Repair in #Pittsburgh: Dell Latitude D620 Windows XP w/SP3 Operating System re installation.
#Rappers, aspirng #rap artist & #music makers get at me-Iv got th edge 4 u 2 get heard &mybe go viral.Ull definitely B unique on this topic.
for monet to say
#ConfessionNight Girls at my school are stupid & enjoy starting rumors about me
lol no. Like action figures. And they sell cds, dvds, electronics and other shit
Bout to munch on this asada burrito
just did about 6 loads of it. Lemme tell ya it's just so rewarding. I feel myself becoming a stronger woman
Links are up at www.watchnhllive.com just come register and enjoy all the games live online enjoy and thanks for joining
I worry more for than myself.
Houston, it's been REAL! Great being here for Kick Off for Kids. Thank you & for a great time!
I wonder if she'll see me when she's here in August. I'll just love her and love her anyway.
best pick in my opinion
Shit I fell asleep in class. I just missed the entire fucking lesson lmfao and I'm wondering why I'm failing.
Liking someone you know you'll never get is the most frustrating thing ever.
ill go follow you hold on
Everytime I try to walk away something makes me turn around and stay. I cant tell you why!
the avengers but I didn't think it was very good :p
I received the same msg. No idea what it is but I changed my password to be safe
Is still having a concert on 8/3/2012 there?
May 5th isn't officially posted yet-that's why you can't find it. It will be at 7pm-tickets available at box office earlier in week
yo #squarespace you should let me win that iphone, cuz thats the only reason im updating my twitter
Are you ready for some #superbowl football?
RETWEET! We march at 4pm today! Meet at civic center
I need to dye my hair again -_______-
u sharing right
Rock on rest time !!!!
Sometimes squirrels confuse me.
Anyone heard of Esperanza Spalding?
Bout to go to bed long day tomorrow hope it doesnt rain lol
whyy cant i sleep?!?!?
7 deadly sins of web design: need more web design training in lib school
good morning sexy! ^_^
Not asleep as usual ;p
"All of the mice in here, extra white I want y'all to eat cheese"
We want to cooperate in every way we can, so I advise you to buy potatoes if - a great big if - the price is right. [1944]
Packed house at Janesville Craig, 10 min til tip. Good luck to the men in stripes!
you are adorable!
more yards than seconds at this point...
its spring break in the nation's capital and every student council and their moms showed up
RT My favorite machine in the gym is the water fountain.
you don't have to be afraid of what you are
I will have 3 sets of saints season tickets for sale! Club level seats and 2 sets of plaza level!
Reno 2020: Nevada education still far from an 'A' - Reno Gazette Journal
;-) no regrets.
working on a script, trying to finalize it for StoryPros!
Us. You. At Oak Grove Tavern Sat Mar 31st. FREE Admission. See you there.
Sounds good to me! The website said it's good for scabies too...good to know, just in case. :) seriously, i will try it!
": i love you! please follow back :)" i would prefer it of you didnt tweet my boyfriend,thanks.
I love you too.
Did you find your puppy?
Do you love any sport? Which one is it? Which team do you support?
heard great reviews regarding your book. Look forward to reading it! Doing a book tour?
Y everytime I go out bitches have to look like DOGS
it didnt work
beautiful day for classes! Excited for break!
he never used heroin, crack and cocaine
“: I'll find out after she's restored. I sure hope so.” Keeping our fingers crossed for her.
Every rising power has relied on the state to kickstart growth or protect fragile industries
It's plenty old heads in here lol
yep., I dream of your smile all the time ...
"retweet" sounds like a losing general with a speech impediment.
At the Girls Rock Camp showcase. So excited I'm gonna puke!
Your money comes through your dominant gift. Its not education that gets you there -its your decisions.
wow i had to take a 5 hr nap, well its gonna be a long long long nightt
Everyone say hi to my wife who is entering the
So far just "Secret Garden" and "Water for Elephants." Thinking about "Moonwalking with Einstein" which I believe U suggested?
It's funny how a single text from the wrong person can change your mood completely.
this would be a great night to do a patio gig
She's Not?
y do ppl keep talking about tht wat is it??
You seem like a decent person. By which, I obviously mean gay. Ha ha ha. Thank you for following me.
I bought Call Me Maybe. Go buy it on Itunes! is amazing!! :)
Most-Added Fantasy Baseball Batters from Week 3: Fan’s Review
Opening up for CHARLIE MURPHY!!! & Freeze Luv this weekend at the Palm Beach improv. Bring on the crowd of "DARKNESS"!!! PalmBeachImprov.com
ROTC trip was intense but interesting... learned tons... look for article in upcoming issue of The Bulletin.
Commissions to real estate professionals from home warranty companies are the subject of greater scrutiny these days.
4 tank tops have been claimed. 16 left. :]
It is Friday but I am a busy busy bee bee. My new iPhone should make my consumer gadget driven mind forget about it for a few minutes
For tips on basket weaving go to www.scoresluda.com
Those cute little texts that make you smile for ages
Second question is how disruptive it is. If you're still able to work, then maybe meds aren't needed.
preach “: If you'll spend a few moments in quiet, God will renew you. Burnout is avoidable.”
HELLO TWITTER WORLD! :D
what's a brews quintet? A drinking group of some sort?
Time for some Texas Cheese Steak Sandwich at Memphis Minnie's BBQ Joint !
Definitely just bought a Lasonic TRC-931 off the street corner for $30. God bless America, and the Original Ghetto Blaster From Japan.
Downton Abbey really IS the best show...ever. I know I've said that before but this time it's true.
I admit that Sofia Vergara has replaced my fascination with Christina Hendricks.
aww really that bus didn't look like it be bad. I had to cut my run short apparently were under another sever storm here
Mfs petty but i see how it is..... Pay backs a bitch and karma is my twin....
Nice! RT Like a daily devotional, I listen to a essay daily. It allows me to see life from another's eye
Back home. Now back to work.
I call em like I see em.
over 31k hits, heck yeah!
Tonight I wont go to hard! Lol
why am I a lier
so sweet!
I can't sleep
Hey non-profit people - anyone ever try adding a Tweet-the-Paddle along w/a traditional Raise-the-Paddle fundraiser? Hmm...
shoes made it safely to henderson co and escaped nashville floods. thank you fed ex!
Getting my white hair back, omg yes
Cool! Are Cricket and Danny back on? Haven't watched in a while.
Has anyone else ever noticed tthat every #Target smells EXACTLY the same?!
truth. RT The best thing about eating ice cream alone is that you can eat all the candy chunks and not feel bad
Strange thing about living in Madison, WI: wearing three long sleeve shirts today with a high temperature of 16. Wanna house-swap?
lol u know im down to help haha. when u looking to get it.
well man peeps have seen it now! Ill facebook it within a couple dayz!
swag swag swag <3
can you help me get followrs
Go with it, fuck with their minds about the true intention
Please marry me!!!
what makes your track so #DUCKSAUCE?
I like to give Pat a hard time. He's a sharp handicapper, though! We'll try again next year.
Birthday cake baked. Balloons have arrived. Champagne's in the fridge. Happy birthday little V. (How did that happen?)
email me rkhiles @ gmail. com
AWK everyone.. Well they don't have one where I live in chicago... :(
if a man likes a girl he'll act shy around the, be awkward, keep distance away and sometimes panic when getting close to
Concluding my first week as Senior #Psychologist at Insight Psychological Centers #Chicago. Lots of adjustments to make!
Don't seat Drunk Uncle next to your mom during Mother's Day dinner.
2 hour Glee?
well... did
Nicely written blog post.
"They didn't do this in my favorite match.... Melina vs. Alicia Fox!"
I wish I could have been there!!!!! RT : Just got off stage! Made it rain literally!
Thanks 2011 Women of the Year event for making tickets available to mentors & mentees! Last yr was so inspiring.
"The more we give love, the greater our capacity to do so." Dr. David Hawkins
Love me or hate me . I don't care©
writing about bobos.
My bro has a birthday coming up!! The big one!!! *pause*
Honored 2B serving brkfst & lunches at 's wk-long Land Care wrkshop. Their fave? Tied btwn Thai Pumpkin Curry & Wiki Wiki Pork
then go play somewhere else.
Ben Lawrence: Cooperatives and Democracy Are More Trusted - Blue MauMau
Toured 100 yr old Mineral Point Opera House & Library Tues & now to Water Summit at new HarleyD Museum in Milw today. I love WI!
Just hung out with , which I've decided stands for Master of Creative Horror for the 2000's. And were those pecs I saw before me?
I Love Tebow,but if he's not playing this year, He should be traded to a better team where he can develop...
Lmfao love this
even though i dont know you Happy Birthday(:
lol. Of course not. That was someone else XD
#WordsINeverWantToHear the vampire diaries has been cancelled.
Do you need an Inspiration Boost? Try my Spirit Spark! www.MeganGala.com/SpiritSpark.html
Booked an acting gig for MTV.
is god
compared the Arab women with the Wast women ?!! , maybe the West women are a rose, but everyone smell it !! (( You Know what I mean ))
Absolutely! She always looks so lovely!
Pretty good, just nommed! So YEE! You?
studying for first Marketing Management exam
Jonice Gray Tucker--Chairman Gray's daughter--just took the stage and promised results and the Chairman soon! Hang with us, DC!
First I said the wrong station number, then teased you about your shirt-Welcome to the family! :)
Goo Gle Dolls. God, I LOVE IT.
Don't known what to think no more.
Town's sewer pump malfunctioned & flooded this couple's family room - took 4 days to clean/clear out, that was last month
i spent christmas with louis tomlinson because he said he loves me
It can be deadly.=> “: Having a debate. How much money would it take for you to be tasered? I will reveal my price shortly.”
I do too! Come to a Bucs game!!
Anybody out there have a spare puppy? Think I'll adopt a puppy today...
You should neither impose taqwa nor oppose taqwa, rather inspire others towards it by setting a beautiful example.
With at Rep. Kuglitsch's luncheon, listening to Congressman Paul Ryan.
SMF nice gains!
what does tyrannical means?
me neither  well beside that shout out I got and a comment back on video but that's it
I think he's digging his hole deeper.
I love these kinda days.
2012 NFL Mock Draft: Ideal Draft Situations for Every 1st-Round Team
Finally found a toaster strudel I like lol
Fabulous movie! So inspiring...
My lips are burning :(
"Objectively...topic leads us to wonder whether there really is such a thing as fate or destiny..." ~ Thomas Dorkin (Subjected: Eye of God)
hey well let me know and I might try to stop by
Come check out our great selection of denim! Pair it with an easy top and you're ready to go
Killian's Irish Red & BBQ ribs
awh maybe we can sometime this week
Yup, we're social too - that is why you can book your #travel in your calendar by your preferences in mins - We don't waste your time!
Your welcome!
Wow! That's awesome. What an excellent cause. This is a really really good idea. Thank you! VERY heroic.
Feel better while enjoying Ellen Lois! Glad you got your smile back:)
Come visit booth #1201 at the #ncbshow! Moonshine for all!
:/ RT At #MediaSummit, Coach K says of Derrick Rose ACL injury: "Our hearts go out to him. It's a big loss for our team."
for every million bits we perceive, only 1 bit reaches consciousness.
This is one long ass work day!!! Ugh! Whr is 5 o'clock?!?!
hm sounds fishy!
thanks for the butt kickin' boot camp last night...I'm feeling it this morn for sure...ouch!
I will! Are you looking for just reporters to reply?
I just installed my first SSL certificate. In your face,
Look at you "3M!" We are going to turn this sucker out!!
juror #12 is mental defective
Rondo gets 15-20 assists a night! are we talking opinions or facts and stats? Cuz if it's facts & stats.....😲
O ya! Friggin love it! Can't gainsay it, it warms my heart to see you on it and active - nice job on the HuffPo pick-up
I have now moved onto the #CellBlockTango. I am in the loving mood if you cannot tell....
Oh that is wonderful. Hope she really enjoys the iPad.
Done With My Photoshoot On My Way Home.. Im Tired AF!
morning cutie. Is it friday yet? Lol
welcome night owl :)
Burnt Red Hair
Our family's first game of the year on Dinger's 18th birthday.
Who found a couple awesome sources for statistics of drug trafficking in Mexico and Colombia? This girl! (okay, coworker's LibGuide helped)
I know just perfect <3
Blueberry froyo @ Fenway ! A cool flavor for this cool weather! The best part: it won't melt on your walk back to work/class/life!
FROSTY FRESH STICKY ICKY SUPER POTENT DANK JUST IN: Blue Dream! A GREAT batch of everyone's favorite hybrid!!! Full Menu www.WEEDMAPS.com ;)
Love how Johnny Ace has the #Wrestlemania suit hanging on the wall.
Rayandoo el sol will forever be my favorite Mana song.
how's that thing w/ postman goin? Im trying work my way up to yall level. You are an inspiration 2 me as a fellow producer :)
Popcorn & a really good movie >>>
Hey ! We have our annual I HEAR MUSIC IN THE AIR Event on May 18-20! Kirk Franklin, Isaac Carree, Byron Cage and Amber Bullock!
Randy Newman wins #BestOriginalSong for "We Belong Together" in Toy Story 3
Anything Is Possible.
I was trying to make myself not like this guy and then he started talking in the accent in Ass Like That and I think I may have died..
the marriage ref¿
okay, just let us know! Ill text you around 3
Heading to the airport(:
#childhoodmemories only going to school for 3hrs.
Happy bday to my beautiful sister :)
smokin the best pot, rollin up kush blocks till my eyes blood shot
it corrected 'Lorax' to 'lorazepam' for me today.
Movie night wit :)
/11 You honored God & middle TN. Proud to call you one of ours. Your future is bright. A fan in Franklin & business owner in M'boro!
Haha. Will do, since it is that cool.
Just got home from a very event full thing.....
Chile, they have a million questions. If you came in the building instead of the curb you'd have all the answers.
You have a lake house on Table Rock?!
Welcome from RT : Please recommend this page!
Type of people i don't like, example: hoe: I hate hoes they need to keep their legs closed (coming from the biggest hoe in the world)
Vanessa's embarrased to drive in the car with me, I was just blasting Call Me Maybe and dancing obnoxiously.
was watching lord of the rings - fellowship part- & forgot how hopeful and sad the move made me. it was a good movie to start the new year
Don't look where you fall, but where you slipped. ~ African Proverb
jamie looks like hes on drugs every time hes on the show.
Ok thanks !
#WeWontWorkOutIf you aint got no job or aint n school
Dr. Jean Explains Homeopathy, Chinese Herbs, and Herbal Care
RT - Reds got lucky 1-5 vs Cleveland Indians this season.
agreed. As a Werder fan I will take their money. Decent player but only when he was playing with ozil but go isn't
shop girl! :) aha.
“: who's name starts with an "Sa"” ME
Agreed, that kills me! Need an iTune popup blocker.
It's weird to be home knowing I don't have to go back...
S/O to , We`ve known each other forever! I miss being close to you </3 And we used to have Chinese together last year(:
no sir keep the pics
row U seat 302 nut im sellin to get vip toma
Yeah, it has to do w the King, a coworker gave me a histor lesson just now. It's Castellano Spanish--Mexican Spanish is different
Thanks so much! Another blip on my odometer!
i just never did matter .
I forgot all about that. Sounds like we need a date.
already did :-)
oh its from whataburger! Duh! None here in Chicago ):
u ready to do the write thing next week?
Yipee! I get to see Suze Orman LIVE today! Woo Hoo! Cross your fingers she'll PASS out money in addition to her stellar advice! :)
Religious blog. One day it may support a specific ministry or a book or speaking engagements. Who knows?
hey sent you an email we will still see what we can do
How do rain drops marry?-They coalesce
“: Remember to always fight for your right to party! #ripmca”
At the airport leaving for Chicago in about an hour!
welcome to the wonderful world of BBQ twitter!
Spotted dog, huh? Really? LOL
McRoyalle for breakfast.......
OK, I love that! So bad it's good (wood)!
Ill crack an egg in ur basket u bastard
Pretty excited about my new shirts from and Cool stuff, but more importantly, supports life-changing causes.
My birthday is finally this month!
We deliver throughout San Diego!
I second that sentiment! I can't wait to celebrate and catch up!
Good night at the rave, today was amazing :D cant wait for the next concert with local bands though
Its ' last night in Chicago, making it count! Thanks for everything
Awww, Lima is so CUTE! mail her to me.... :)
We did it? Is that because it was in route to Hawaii or for some reason we just wanted to sink a ship?
I got that Madonna ask Mashonda, I get Keys - Cassidy
Send me a message cuz I think that i could only reply
"I never turned blue in somebody else's bathroom. I consider that the height of bad manners." - Keith Richards from the RollingStones
": I shouldve smoked a blunt before coming home", if u live by me im firing up na.
To do list will be accomplished today
Why wouldn't they?
haha so many damn People dressed up!!!
: Genesis "Momma"
A black person in a hoodie isn't automatically "suspicious." ..there just being a nigger
I am the real Roxanne.
Really? But the show was shot in 480i.
User:HolleyCullins430 - Pinnacle Game Profiler Wiki
Good morning!!!
cute mamas
who there's two ppl in this bee hive lol
RT : Spring and fall are my favorite seasons - I like times of transition. || Wholly agree.
Bday tomorrow. I'm calling it the 25th Re-do. In case you were wondering, yes, I can do that. :-)
She thought you were the real juicy j lmao 😂 I'm to gone for this
Hey I just listened, and it is so good. I love you so much, so tweet me maybe?
Ha! Are you at the DMV?
good point. FREE FOR YOU GLEN COCO.
No problem!
get the hell outta here with your bitchin'
Has worked 7 days in a row. Probably 65 hours this week. Weekends are unnecessary.... And silly. Um... Is it Friday yet?
Welp. Made it 7.5 hours as the head systems librarian until I crashed the system.
Love this stormy #Chicago #weather! Wish it was the wkend so I could lie in bed & listen 2 rain & thunder thru open windows :)
Dude it sounds like someone is under the tub!!:o
Are you ready for your close-up? :-)
I've had my dinner, Sunny D, and ice-cream. And now I'm off to bed! School should be fun tomorrow, I'm feeling a lot better. c: Goodnight!
Gooby!! I can't wait to hear about all your adventures!! Take good care of your mom and dad for us! xo
we are not open Sundays.
good luck with the move! Great day for it.
And yes I know how sad that is.
Happy #fucking New year! I'm Getting # fucked up! This is # fucking awesome! # fuck yeah! # Fuck yeah!
Y'all need to visit CO Hurry and come
never mind.... Lol
Don't die! Is wegs trying to kill you??
“: Can't sleep at night, Can't wake up in the morning.”
haha! Have I heard of it? Pretty sure there are pics somewhere out there proving I've participated
;) I can do tea or coffee. BTW, working on follow up blog post about unions & corp greed & wld like to include ur perspective.
This place is driving me crazy!!!
All I need is u for this night to be complete
What say you, occupy chapters? RT : Will be occupying the Bilderburg Group meeting?
If you can give your child only one gift, let it be enthusiasm
breaks attendance record: 85,000 plus rolled into Tower City for 36th fest. Zowie.
(totally hoping you didn't write it!) lol
You bet! Rock on!
wish I knew who those people were..
Haha well said! : Ok, gay people, time to get your heads out of those bridal registries and into the voter registry business!
I wish I had my sisters body.
Do you have all 4 years?
So I eat some of my nephew food so his 2 yr old brother talm bout don't eat that mia all extra loud! It wasn't posed 2 be heard! #snitchER!
Let's go New York Giants! Can't wait to see #Madonna at halftime!
blackbird singing in the dead of night...
I like the Marshalla book--not too expensive either. Easy to give a few pages to parents.
At the airport :)
Thanks for adding me...Only Good things for you!
Why isn't tonight's strategy just hit it in the air to right... Mother Earth will do the rest
lol awww i love you too (: * starts to wobble * haha
you would say that! Spoken like a true strength coach, let the ponys run
iconic boyz, iconic boyz, iconic boyz. back to that abdc stage! tonight 9pm central time.
": Nah sadly i dont....yet"wow..:-) well if u wanna talk sometimes hit my inbox wit ya numba
lol I just hit send before I was done :/ and why do I always have to be the hoe :(
: “There’s an argument to be made that all queer culture is copyright infringement”
tracked you down just to say that article about Pro gaming was beautiful. Excellent story telling.
text me now!! Hahah
Happy Birthday!(:
New Orleans Jazz Fest. Jimmy Buffett Poster 10% off,promo code KMP99 at www.vincentart.com OH the humanity!
Thank you!
did you see his mamas day video?
But i have a feeling he wont go jakarta soon.
Happy Mother's Day!
Doh! Just realized that I wasn't clicking the "Private" button when bookmarking stuff to Delicious. Sorry for all the unknown link posts.
#Favorite2011PackerMemories Every single time Donald Driver broke a Packer record, I love that man.
DON'T
Construction upstairs sounds suspiciously like an elephant attacking a whale. is that you making a movie?
The way to a man's heart is through his stomach.
I honestly think if everyone was as good kind and gentle at making love as Stella and Adam in "Python" what a wonderful world this would be
Work harder and work less hard.
Meek Mill
Sometimes I wish you never existed. Never had a crush on her. Never met her and that you weren't going out with her ..
KINGSPORT show November 23rd!!! At the Hog! For those that wanted another hometown show here ya go! You better be there! :)
ack! awakened with a start knowing I forgot margins on one page. all fixed, off I go...
I must have missed it...hey, you called me a "people!" Is that like a person? Makes my day!!!
Morning twitter
I can follow people now! WOOHOO
lol maybe I like ROAR better ;P
Lol nothing. Just me being an asshole.
OK. I thought you were just trying to drink 100oz. before 10:00am everyday.
Tonight at 10:30 PM EST, check out The Lottery Show w/ Sherrod Small streaming live!!! Go to: www.livestream.com/comicstriplivenyc
This Boy is My Life, iCan't Stop Thinkinq about him.. iThought it wouldn't be this hard buhh iRealize iCan't Be Without Him..</3 /':
It's time for a new car.
I just ate but I'm still hunger girl What you got ?
Great! Thank you! Look forward to seeing it soon.
If I didn't know you, I would think this referred to something more dangerous/romantic
is the sickest female rapper alive in my opinion, idgaf wtf errybody else talmbout!!!
Just because something doesn't do what you planned it to do doesn't imply it is useless.
Do it this way, #homedepot. They got back to me & fixed it fast! RT : Home Depot your customer service SUCKS!
there ya go(: haha
if i walked away, would you come after me?
ahh Your selling your bracelets now!! Ahh I gotta go find some money laying around the house! Haha
A bit uneasy about this deal RT : Will be interesting to see if Cain deal with #SFGIants (reported 5 yr/110M) pushes
Wireless keyboards, also know as reasons I want to murder things
#FF Terrific bad-guy actor because he is a nice guy in real life!
That's fine bout to have my pops come pick my car up today
I see your challenge and take it, wait until I get home and grab a glass of wine.
PEOPLE WILL DO ANYTHING TO BE FAMOUS.
I love u 137 year old
Buttermilk Pancakes Recipe Buttermilk in the batter makes these buttermilk pancakes exceptionally tender and fluffy. The trick with panca
so reviewing books went well. only lasted 2 minutes before i called it quits. it will be a miracle if i get a 3 or above!
lol!!! The day I'm that lucky, I'm buying a shit ton of lottery tickets!!
#confession I'm one of the easiest people to scare.
Real worried @ halftime but Pacers finally snap out of it. Time to do work in Orlando.
Thomas Robinson marry me?
I woulda pounded on the wall too but he wasn't making her moan loud enough, it was like hearing two mice get it on.
So 'Around the World in 80 Plates' might be the most brutal cooking competition I've seen in a while. I love it.
Avengers time!!!!! Go see that movie yall
This wind is killing me
if i'm home watching I will
You are surrounded by straightforward, apparent solutions that may dramatically increase your earnings, power, influence and success.
I wonder if it could go on cereal. Breakfast of champions!
