Carolyn Haywood was born on January 3, 1898. This Philadelphia native authored and illustrated over 47 books, including the 'Betsy' series.
“ If I wrote you a love letter would you write back?”
dropped Church Clothes the mixtape!!!
What's up y'all!
McRaeCreative will donate 10% of any new business booked in January to the Red Cross.
*awkward glance*
Tummy ache, so I'm staying in and watching JHutch interviews yum.
I am so NOT a morning person & there isn't enough coffee if the world to disguise the fact that this is a Monday.
When your dad comes home and starts bitching <<<<<< uhm no
then pounce.
Yo , did you get my e-mail about Saucesome sponsoring the MOKB taco party next year?
IU Health, Marion Co. Public Health Dept. and Positive Link are a few of the great sponsors who help to make the #INAIDSWALK happen. Thanks!
ZUZU IS OPEN AND SERVING HOT! FRESH MEXICAN FOOD COME AND SEE US.
Yay Florida bound tomorrow morning!!!!!
is getting ready for her birthday party!
Why did the Philharmonic disband? Excessive sax and violins
"I don't do drugs. I am drugs." Salvador Dali
What's in a name? that which we call a rose. By any other name would smell as sweet; - --- Shakespeare's Romeo and Juliet
Today we want to hear from you guys about events going on in the area that everyone should know about!
Love that outfit!
Consider me gone.. (;
Remember when you went through your baseball cards saying "don't know him, don't know him" That's the lineup today.
There's only one more thing I have to say ... Welcome to good burger , home of the good burger . Can I take your order ? *Cheesy smile*
Hot chocolate on a cold dreary night studying organic >>>>
Co worker just pissed in a.bucket
Owww HOOOOOTTTTTTT dang let the bad luck begin
EVOLUTION HOMES ...
Thanks for the spoiler!! West Coast
tell me about it my dog is shaking and hiding in bath tub sedated him which I hate to do seems to finally work(:
Got a B on my Calc AB Free Response.
Please follow me? I love your Videos on YouTube!<3
Look, if you still have curves, you shouldn't even sweat what people say.
I loved it for that reason, too (I'm a former art major). Everything's always so much more appealing with a picture!
A wise man said dont argue with fools...cause people from a distance cant tell who is who.
You should give me that Wednesday-Tuesday trade.. Let your litto friend watch the heat game and sleep 🙏😚❤
Oh no. I won't be here when it comes to the Frazier. CURSES!
dont feel bad its funny
You know who everyone really wants to perform the Superbowl halftime show? Betty White.
RT : “: When is the last time you took a chance on a young leader? Someone took a chance on you.”
Any English or Scots out there that will converse with a Yank?
im proud of youu, what an amazing song! #TurnToYou #WeLovePattie you have been given the greatest gift ever!
I’m so proud of my husband! He said to me today “I really love this job. I think I can do this for the rest of my life” #doit!
:) my dad is midget owner so would you be interest driving 2 race at indianapolis and ohio in the summer?
Possibly a slap on the ass with cupping too.
great idea! sorry for the unfollow. have to respect my followers
We are now on Facebook! Check us out.
woo hoo! x
If you ever call fans on New Year's Eve again next year, would love to chat, former radio announcer, myself :)
Books about kids chewing? #SLPeeps I've seen healthy eating kids books but not much else :-( Help!
Every thing looks boring. I guess ill watch some Friends.
In a blink of an eye, God’s magnificence and power can resurrect your situation. Look up and believe! Be Encouraged!
To be honest me and my ex are still good friends
“: That awkward moment when you see twins fighting and one of them calls the other ugly.”
Does anyone use a great task assignment system at work that ISN'T email?
Think a virtual jury could happen? # of ppl who watched every sec of the trial and posts from verdict make me think yes.
had quite the full moon day today...anyone else have a day like that?
spa at the del Monte, facial with Jenni. Well worth it.
"As I grow older, I pay less attention to what men say. I just watch what they do."
#ThatAwesomeMnt when your riding on a mini bus in full #HungerGamesAttire W/ your english class.
Happy Birthday beloved of God! Have the best day ever!!
Kenny Anderson sighting on mikedup. Memories of the 80's.
interviewing tonight, super pumped! Get ready for the full launch of the site later this week.
The goal wasn't to be a millionaire or to be a Hollywood star. --James Earl Jones
YOLO You Obviously Love Oreos
Im dangerous with the # sign now...
hahaha thats cause i never see you guys!
Angry. Angry. Angry. Annoyed.
#HIRING a HIGH ENERGY self starter SENIOR #ACCOUNTANT in Clearwater send me your resume
Maybe bc you slept on the couch and there are 87 empty beds here.
an wont let you see it until tomorrow. ;)
ohh PLEASE DO!!!!!
Dont blame my friends for something i wanted to do, and text them saying i cant go anywhere with them.
I had the chance to meet and interview Olympian Lopez Lomong. He's living in Portland area and training for London. Such an inspiration!
Hamilton pulled a quad Tuesday night in Baltimore...
May your neighbors respect you, trouble neglect you, angels protect you, and heaven accept you.
YES! RT : Q4: Sharing images, video from events post-event can also help build new SM connections
If karma is real Abe Vigoda will outlive Rupert Murdoch by a decade or three.
loves Justin Bieber. Follow her Justin Bieber lovers.
Keri Hulme~ Its the possibility that when youre dead you might still go on hurting that bothers me.
RT Off to Paris to conduct research on art, world-class parks, and underground public spaces. Ideas for ?
YOU'RE TELLING ME TO LET HIM GO BUT YOU AREN'T GIVING ME A REASON TO. STOP TESTING US & DO SOMETHING ALREADY. GO AHEAD GET MAD AT ME. IDC.
Got Tickets &Back Stage Passes to concert<3#exited<3
I essentially hate everything about teeth cleaning. I mean that in a holistic way. As in really everything.
That's too funny! Good thing it didn't get stuck on the ice!
The polls are now closed in all of the #IN02. Thank you to everyone who voted today to !
Follow 4 of Our Senior Company Girl's In Destined Dollz . , , & (:
But then again the weather channel be lien sometimes..
kings respect other kings while peasants do nothing but envy..
You'll never find a better sparring partner than adversity. -Walt Schmidt
#AskAlexConstancio why wont you follow me? ): ...
All you can do is support me and hope for the best. At the end of the day its
RT : I think two things can unify all of the Smithsonian's work: geospatial information, and gaming.
That's some good sports information right there
I think last fall's freak dog accident moved my septum. I hope are ready for show and tell :p
I agree with that, RACIST TO THE CORE.but Obama is about to go hard trust and believe..He play chess while they play checkers
In good ole hickory. where you at
I think I'm jus gonna go to sleep
Way to go NY Knicks!
Fun celeb sighting this am:Felicity Huffman and William Macy
I love getting drum lessons from Reo. dude makes me think out of the box that will effect everything I do artistically.
Join us for a day of service in celebration of Earth Day on Saturday, April 24th. Visit outwardbounddenver.org for more info...
Happy Mothers Day
Two auditions tomorrow an hour apart in the same building. That never happens, going to book 'em both!
Not impressed with Apple's new OS Lion. I for one am looking forward to their next OS incarnation. OS Tabby.
Dancing in the aisles here for the Cuban-Jewish All-Stars (or is it Samba?)
She's the only one on my twitter who has a color.
Have a great time at Mojave Oasis! We'll be there next year. :-) Looking forward to your photos.
: jeeze u too stop! Ur like my teenagers!
You looking beautiful and you are universal girl
The most essential factor, persistence: determination never to allow your enthusiasm to be dampened by the discouragement that must come.
Well put. Enjoy this one.
just made pear and pecan upside-down cake. With all of my free time baking is becoming a new hobby of mine!
Valentine's Day is for losers! :) chillin
Restless yet restful.
Early mornings suck
#10fbtips use woobox- it helps create application where you can include a redirect link.
what movie are you watching?? :)
That awkward moment when a persons laugh is funnier than the joke.
DAMNIT Vanessa & Ralph! Why do SA teams get so close and then LOSE?!
Goodnight. This better be some of the best 5 hours of sleep ever.
OK, my argument is, as said previously, you can do both of these in a film at the same time credibly.
Thanks for the follow! @ chai_haiku
OMG Thank you so much for this fantastic tip!!! My life just got easier! Kudos
Fake friends just wanna know your business to tell your business.
lmao =) u late
having the best girly vacay with Rachel!
Is there a way to make it so comment replies appear just below the comment they pertain to? Comment replies end up out of order
I just now discovered Billy Joel at the tender age of 34.
Man, Polish Adam has been popping up in my timeline is weekend and he's been saying some amazingly stupid stuff. Even by his standards.
Every time uses the word Customer, he capitalizes it - to signify priority. It sends msg to everyone.
Thanks for the smiles! Smiles and hearts right back at you!
#robertsfreaky .. super freaky!(;
My goal this week is to listen to everyday.
Bye!:] *BUSY FOR THIS DAYS!* See ya later!;)
popped off again last night! Join us on Thursday Nights @ QBar in Hotel #Albuquerque!
Teacher: Why is the Mississippi such an unusual river?Pupil: Because it has four eyes and can't see!
It took me four months, but I finally taught myself how to climb onto this damn chair that Billy put at the computer.
VEE CAN FIT HER MOUTH AROUND MY BOOB!!!
At avon high school with What?
Friendship goes two ways. Not one
I couldn't agree more! Just releasing something you feel so deeply is very powerful.
First Say Anything, now Pet Sematary...my childhood is speaking to me. Mandy, is that you?
I need a tan.
The amazing Elizabeth Smart wore wedges & a red bag during her talk at Youth Eastside Services fundraiser.
i see youre slowly crawling back to the social networking world.
“Things are so different these days as the worlds of museums and galleries keep getting closer and closer.” - John Elderfield
thanks. How are you doing?
Its Better To Be; Homless & Loved Than, Rich & Hated....
#WorstBreakUpExcuses I like you a lot, so I'm letting you go.
I'm sure they are designed for places that have at the door valet parking. ;)
THIS!!!!!!!! RT : “: I hate fighting with the one person I want to talk with the most.” :) hate it! Lol
I had a dream that my closet was full of 2% milk. I swear I dream the weirdest stuff.
5k I love you..
Thanks for the shout out. I've recently discovered and your work on MET. Trying it out. So far so good!
Growing my Hair out.
We gone be choppin all night!!!
SHe fine she mine ask her w ass t size she wur she'll tell u 9
. As I see it, it's not that they aren't speaking truth as making choices about which truth to speak
Hello ma'am...How have you been?
Celebrating my 120th follower with Thanks !
you need to learn communication ..before you get yourself hurt
Cool, the gale group offers mp3 files of journal articles. DL'ing J or Med Speech Lang Path mp3s
and who is really funding them?
Great lunch with my buddy. Nice way to break up the week!
makeup makes my heart happy...
"Go PUCK yourself!" -John Cena
Listening to Snowville Creamery's Warren Taylor talk about sustainable agriculture, dairy and business.
Wonder is oomf talking bout me
#Dog nose prints are as rare as human finger prints and can be used to identify them
nice change of pace from weekend blackouts?
What time is it? It's
Mitt Romney talking to the NRA. Did someone spy on my nightmares recently?
c u tomorow at skewl have fun and i no wat i needed at pe but now i hav it it was ur adres i dont have and ur fon # i have
We really enjoyed the texts from Hillary tumblr...sad to see it go!
damn bro, who passed?
No sir, not me!!!! #pause /rossvoice RT ": lol fag"
Somebody bout 2 get a beat down
A little over a week ago Kanye West announced that he would be remixing the (infectious) track "I Don't Like" from Chica
Spain is amazing! Wish I had more time to spend here, but excited for France. Life is good!
you've reached the max amount of comments for the giveaway! :( sad!!
awesome day
Reggie Miller and Don Nelson selected to #NBA #HOF still no Johnny Most so sad
Haha, I bet your ass would have been scared too!
me either!
Being excited that you have a jar of peanut butter to go with your pretzel chips at 1:20 in the morning...
Hallelujah! On to the House flr for the final vote on #civilunions followg tortuous, malicious #GOP footdragging
Whoa! is *packed* here !! I'm guessing it's that one day sale... :)
I want to see Germany before I lose my eyes 0.0 :) thats the 2nd time you said kids. More than one? ~~~~rich
Yeah. That part does suck.
So, now that my study guide is done, I don't want to actually study it.
follow she loves you too death+she would be buzzing if she was your first follower+if not she will end up like stan.28
Hey Frank, thanks for the follow.
Brie, Have you found a place in DC yet? You looking to rent or buy? I can definitely help you out! --Aaron
Me or you?
brainstorms with students, gets them to use index. Also takes pics in library to explain citations.
Anyone in #Boston planning something fun for #4sqday? Would love to be involved!
Are you going to be in San Diego mid-June? Love wine? Mark calendar for June 10 Wine & Roses Charity Wine Tasting & Sale at
Hey, who's a really big fan out there? i have a special surprise...be ready...SOON
Good Morning, World!
thankx imma hit ya email up!
A skeleton walks into a bar and says "Bartender I'll have a beer... and a mop"
Follow me Is an Hot account related to Sex Dating ;P
"If I make a million dollars a week and the average American earns a thousand dollars a week, then when I spend twenty thousand dollars on …
I would love to see that debate.
he's the resident douche here. Took over for Mariotti.
#dndnext The "Take 10" of auto kicking in a door with DC13 on Str 15 makes the math go wonky unless the increase the ability bonuses.
Happy Monday everyone!
Okay up early in the morning... Good morning time to get my day started goin jogging 😁🏃
oh i know why, BECAUSE OF YOU! jerk.
You judged him, and he proved you wrong. Tell him he isnt worth it, and watch where he ends up. #Mahomie<3
I've been spammed by LAP Lambert Academic Publishing for an article already committed to another publisher
I respect how u rep ur team sis
We shld be body 2 body
bad times.
S/o my bro salute!!
Student poetry reading starts in 1 hour in our East Rotunda! Refreshments served. Sponsored by UCLA's Journal of the Arts, Westwind.
Stranded outside my house because I have no keys. So I went to buy a Viet Sub. Yummy!
I will SASS at my own discretion. TYVM. Psshaw, I would eat all the cupcakes.
After Katrina the phones didn't work - I used MySpace and Facebook to find a job, an apartment, people...
i dont have computer smarts lol
great hearing your talk today at close playing panel! Looking forward to the Wii book!
I do admit taking citrus for granted before moving east. My lemon tree was producing the equivalent of $50/week here
Learn to act without perfect information. #bigomaha (Applies to more than entrepreneurship!)
now that you're home get some rest! you probably need it :)
Looked beautiful tonight. Hope you are having a great time.
is at work. What a busy night! Doesn't like that isn't up front! Not liking the arrangements on Friday nights anymore haha
Rise n grind..if your following me, theirs no reason why your not following
Insane double play by Minnesota!
Is there some sort of grand opening or something in downtown #vanwa or jantzen beach #pdx tonight? there's a #searchlight up. curious
the only thing that lessens the pain is the guy I dropped him for is Allen Craig. I should've dropped Dee Gordon instead
Yea baby do that dance...
That's also the name of Paula Dean's future post-mortem biopic.
Omfg i saw you and you didn't even tell me!
My baby got me over here blushing && shxt. Ain't that bout a bxtch ; I don't blush. Hmph! ^_^
rocks the braids! I want to be his drinking buddy.
Good morning tweety birds!
My show at Bunganut Pig for tonight is cancelled. But come to The Bluebird Cafe on Friday, May 20th, for the early round!!
i can't post to this thing!
Blueberry donuts >>>
I'm loving the new picture.....its awesome
nite nite all I am exhausted.... everyone have a blessed night!
Planning to check out your show tomorrow night at the #dcimprov Keep an eye out for me!!
And here comes the legalize #marijuana bit..."greatest danger is war on drugs, More than the drugs themselves"
one direction all the way and u know it
its the people who are far from perfect that change and make a relationship worth it
ayee mami im following you now. my bad i been slipping. hey yal follow her she da baddest whyte gurl we got in da 3d follow her
need more followers please thanks love ya
Just bit my tongue
yes I will right now- thanks!
haha yeaa so did you ever figure out your favorite color . ?
. The Romneys are tone deaf, condescending, entitled morons. Neither of them are very likeable.
coconut m&ms and trail mix should not be sold without a warning label #highlyaddictive eat with #caution!
Yes, but what can we do. :(
Front porch lookin out
alrite nice to see u too
Corporations are not people, and money is not speech..
"America was not built on labors of the cynic nor the critic" Col Steve Russell at
Hey! Does your diet have directions I can peruse? :)
Shit Talkers Don't Phase Me
If someone can tell me why and I have gotten 10+ subscribers in a day you get an e-cookie
Going to start following some authors
Things turn out the best for the people who make the best of the way things turn out.
Oh. Well then yes, of course.
no, he doesn't like pictures, that's why he's always hiding!
If I tell you that I'm married you still don't have the right to ask me to dinner at the damn DFAC! UGH
So apparently tomorrow is the finale of Fashion Star.. Where am I? Who am I? What year is it? WHAT DOES IT ALL MEAN?
Only recently discovered muesli, now most breakfasts have it in some form.
We're going to be in Virginia (Blacksburg + Richmond) over the next two weeks. Hit us up if you're building cool stuff!
you are so cute hah (: I'm watching Degrassi now :p
We train you to make your own lace wigs and/or packs of 100% human hair for sale. Go to www.drwiggys.com or email
Twitter attempt #2! Let's see how this goes...
I can't wait til school's over. Then I can move the fuck out & be with :/
I just got this huge urge to do an RP. Why is this happening STOP
I love the Spurs work ethic!! as soon as they found out who they were facing they went to practice
Thanks very much! We're happy to oblige and appreciate your patience.
starks has put this team on his back. He's big time right now
Ate something I'm allergic to almost died no big deal
who am I to judge?
does only WIAC winner qualify or can two go i think two can go correct
MY CRACKHEAD UNCLE....... THERE'S 1 IN EVERY FAMILY IS IN POST PRODUCTION ! IM HAVING LOTS OF SLEEPLESS NIGHTS! WWW.MYCRACKHEADUNCLE.COM
Some people grumble because roses have thorns, I am thankful that thorns have roses. - Jean-Baptiste Alphonse Karr
I know your rap and I'm gonna Kik it to you fool
Be more radical; spend more time understanding the other point of view. These are not exclusive.
Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: It's legal for anyone to record your conversation if you are speaking to them - be mindful as you interact!
Olive Garden , yum !.
Never had this much trouble parking in my neighborhood before. I dint know what to do.
Ha HA! Workout kicked my butt and I kicked BACK!! Awesome, killer workout. :-)
Salmon Creek Little League got to play their first game at the new Luke Jensen Sports Park in Hazel Dell! Very exciting!
So should I just blatantly blast you on here?
Being elite at one spot can cover some pretty severe weaknesses at other spots.
I'm an embarrasing boyfriend.
I've got to say 'no' to the good so I can say 'yes' to the best. - Zig Ziglar
This clippers n grizzlies best series in the 1st round
Who wants some details about Amurica Fest Part II?
Ice cream all around. Congrats!
#truth: Holy See: "There is no such thing as a safe abortion."
Amen, sister!
Excited for the May 8 panel w/ Christine Pelosi in Sacto - "Is Democracy too Slow?" Our fantastic co-host/partner:
Tonight the 9pm-1am fashion party in nyc is the thor lounge inside the hotel on rivington.
sad but true
Finally realistically talking about going abroad.
Take their money.
Decaf? Probably not. This place is nuts.
What a day this has been! Some highs and lows, but thankful that God allowed me and YOU to see this day. GN tweeps!
Anyone out there cut the cord on cable? Thinking of trading in cable for , , & Wife'll need some convincing.
Bought SPY Oct PUTS at .67, lots of selling eod. Enjoy the rest of your day everyone!
I want school to be over summer needs to come faster...22 more days of school for ME.
Yes we're so devastated!
Working on some ad possibilities for inside finishing magazine. www.brausse.com
hut sut raw
Feel like a diva having to sleep with an eye mask on
I hate everyone in my school. Every single one of you.
I hate it when people leave me voicemails. Ugh. Cause the little.notification thing NEVER goes away until I listen to it...
of course you do! It's yours.
Oh, I forgot to tell you last week I used to be a mailman. Don't know why I didn't bring it up.
Wow....I guess 24 hour news stations have to fill their time somehow.
few days without appetite + few more days of walking and jogging= slimmer, trimmer naomi! #breakupsarefun!
Goodnight tweethearts <3 love my hubby n kids
“: Listening to someone's story and thinking “lie, lie, lie, bullsh*t, lie, lie, lie and lie"”
I LOOOOVEE AUSTIN!
Depends on how ur files are set up. My guess is you have a folder called "erinronder.com" that has each of your web page files.
Ami Saraiya's cd release party was a huge success. Hooray for music!
RT RT : R.I.P Whitney Houston; one of the greatest musical talents to grace this Earth.
"A good plan vigorously executed right now is far better than a perfect plan executed next week." -General George Patton
- Rodgers is just ridiculous though - he's good for 30pts every game. Tebow had only 6pts till 3 mins in the 4th. here I come 1-6
Talking to my crush on the phone :)
I sometimes wonder when should I just contact and terminate a dead-weight project? 8-12 weeks?
Hahaha I know...it's weird...and of course I am! Are you?
Sub Rosa => Under the rose, secretly or in confidence
you should have #maang access now
I blame God given luck for helping CJ Watson with that shot
Houston Hoops sending positives for a W
i mean.. i am going to jamaica on sunday??
PickUpLine: Hi. I'm like a tropical island: hot, wet, and waiting for tourists.
Learning yoga. I already can tell I'm going to bite off all my fingernails before all star break, so I'll need some backups.
(1/2) the ONLY correlation between concussions & suicide than can be drawn is IF it's later found out that CONCLUSIVELY...
Oh God, there's some sort of sewage backup at work. Noxious fumes. X_x
we know u r more bummed. Even though we "own" you :) j/k thanks for a great season Crab, the fans appreciate the crap out of u
Sudden urge to eat manicotti in bed...
Huge Beer League Softball Game
RT : Walla Walla wins the fifth set vs MHCC,15-13. They advance to the championship game Sunday at 3pm.
Thank you!
...She's got '2 turn-tables and a microphone'...; that would be Kerry / on at 8am, hosting, 'Memphis Mystery Train'! lp
Thanks for the RT!
lmao, You're so dumb. (x
so basically i love my job.
thanks to everyone who was at last night's .NET User Group meeting--the big crowd was much appreciated
Shakespeare had long hair, a single gold earring, and pointy beard. He was rock ‘n’ roll before it was even invented!
nice love the pink on u :-)
regretful is what i currently am at this moment, for having yesterday missed and the chance i had was lost in the potential celebration of..
MANTRA # 5 - NEVER BE THE "PENCIL IN" BITCH
Taron got me over here sick.
gotta start somewhere
Either you run the day or the day runs you. - Jim Rohn
haha i was screaming, crying, fangirling, and just to much emotions!
BREAKING NEWS: is an official sponsor of #bloodybrunch holiday bash on 12/19! Yay! Check them out & thank them for donating!
Great basketball on tonight. Thunder vs Celtics and Lakers vs Mavericks
no reason to be a dick a out it they are in middle school and one of them is my sister, so watch it
It's such an awesome flavor combination. Enjoy!
Haha there's no way it should take that long!
He's still a professional arbitrator, so likely (unfortunately for us) nothing at all.
Gin is better than vodka. Vodka is a chicken breast and gin is a sirloin steak. I personally like red wine...which is red wine.
I just read Night sins and still waters. I have thin line and dust to dust. i am going to buy all of your books! i absolutely
R.I.P punk legend Poly Styrene. 1st Ari Up & now this? Oh my grrls ya gotta stay strong!
Hey Bishop Michael - great to find you in here & hoping all is well with you!
Page likes.
"Tell me who you slept with." Me "NO! He was an accident. TWICE. Let's just call him 'double oops.'" Night out
Good luck Scotty
Well, I sent you an invite anyways, you better accept it, and get on the damn
Suggestions... Are just another way of wanting someone else to make decisions for you.
Ah! :O today is the day! :D
if i broke my laptop i am screwed!!!
I know exactly where you are! It *is* a basement ... and a great one at that! Get the Chili Frito Pie!
Love is like a pizza, if it goes bad its still pretty good :)
I wish I had another jalapeno hot dog.. ish was good.
Preparing for Linda & John's Wedding on July 9th, finalizing all the last minute details....
And I thought I put in late hours. Is there any midnight oil left after last night? What's next? How can we help?
Seriously, can I fire Ellis yet?!
I thank God for success which brings problems....in any journey u will make few happy and a lot mad...At the end of day it's u and God
there's an interesting new ombre look that we've seen lately... light at the roots & dark at the ends!
Audition #5 with Adson Sondre with and ! This has been a great weekend of auditions!
Did you know the FDA voted against the artificial sweetener, Asparatame 3 times? Reason cited: it was linked to brain tumors!
his lips are dropping honey, but he'll stingg you like a bee.
Does anyone wanna go to the summer kick off concert with me....
Bring your mug and get free joe at Starbucks, celebrating earth day!
Hahaha! RT : Oh, you have a $500 car and a $3,500 sound system? Teach me how to properly budget and allocate my money like you do.
:...& , Angel's Cabana, Lardo... re: Best Food Carts
Listen in to AM @ 3:35PM TODAY. is going 2 b on. He'll talk football & matters. Woohoo. :)
you figure out how to use this thing yet?
That's too true. And you only need one stupid idiot to drink too much to wind up suing everyone.
b/c it's not a good short or long term football move? Or b/c it's not their style?
Since it's #nationalbestfriendday, I must declare that I have the most beautiful best friend in the world.
off to walmart we go!
That's great! I discovered new levels of beauty in depths of compassion while in Haiti. Hope to get pics & stories up soon
Welcome "anna's big sis"! :D R U Joining SpreeCast Chat 2night!! Registration starts 2night!
COOL pandora ads. Acting like I give a number 2
I also produce/direct music videos, commercials, TV, promos and new media content.
Enjoy the Bluff City!! (waves)
im supposed to be scared? Lol you need to choke Lamont since he a freshman again
Movie recommendation is the horror "28 Days Later"
Ask about our Valentine's Day Specials!!
oh my god me too!!! AAAHHHHHHH!!
Need a Color Seal fresh Grout? Let us show you the solution
In Sugata Mitra's talk he mentioned that if a teacher can be replaced by a computer, than the teacher should be. I agree!
thx as u probably figured, I am just so busy...
Allegro Dance Company will be at Wheeling Jesuit University on April 2 Sat. Come out and support the company !
I always feel better when I hear from him  Cant wait til he comes back from Oakland  *does happy dance*
You've obviously lost all sight of the point of this conversation.
nothing wrong with going a little retro bro. Nothing wrong.
#shitdigitalhumanistssay I was working on digital humanities projects before it was called digital humanities
seriously you look gorgeous in the picture.
I love my twitter friends.
Using just the 7 tangram pieces, you can create 100's of different pictures and shapes
This Single Bella is #Online who missed me
fyi, the twitter link on the top right of your site isn't a link, just a picture. Also: cool site :)
How can you not love ? Check out the great interview in progress
#ToMyUnbornChild be prepared to have some epic friends, family, and pets like ur Madre :3
Your house?
no one knows until folks say it. But it's not like she has any more to lose than Obama. Just sayin.
thanks Becky, your vote counts. we can vote as many times as you want. i know i got to #3 already, so, #1 is around the corner
u should get me a shirt
The Linguini This side-by-side canoodle creates incredible friction for him because your thighs are so close together.
Who doesn't have plans for tonight? This girl.
The OST Perm team is looking for both Financial Analysts and Finance Managers for spots in Newark, Delaware. Referrals are welcome. Thx.
Poverty is not just a social issue...it's a mentality. Cure the mind...change the world!
oh I can do it well.(;
follow me bacc son I need more followers
haha! Omg! She's adorable!!! :).. I love her eyes and face! :)
Work time
Duchesse is one of my favs but the sours make me weak & cause me to be less critical....because I love the style!
Oh. And then I just saw your whole exchange about it.
#6v81 question for everyone: why is it called "capital"? how is it similar to other types of capital?
Back downtown 2morrow 2nd & Lafayette. We'll bring eats, u bring appetite.
We're about to hit the air: first ever Timbers MLS television broadcast.
Draft articles of war Now!
Don't jump the gun. Wait until you hear "the rest of the story" :) you might like it......
Happy #MothersDay to NECB mothers and moms everywhere. Hope your day is relaxing!
It's official...better start learning nanji desu-ka
Summer officially started yesterday, great time to cook at home, what are you cooking today to keep your family healthy?
A&M is a traitor! Hope they will be the door mat of the SEC.
yeah, Drexel prof name dropped Toby. You got a crowd shout out after that.
yes :).. I was about to go buy like three pairs of thick boots! Lol
I'm using Corona for a project but I like Moai's design better. I'm concerned that the documentation is weak
Im getting an error when i try and create a new list. it tells me to refresh and try again...then still doesn't work
little sandwiches and cheesecake bites!
RT “: #Fact consuming more calories than you burn causes weight gain, which is independent of the time of day consumed”
My brother is still being a dick so I'll continue to ignore him!
How proud are you of austin out of 100000000000000000000?? (:
LOL! No lie!
you coming to Minneapolis soon? We would love to have you on ! Publicist's info please?
It's crazy how you can go months or years without talking to somebody, and they still cross your mind everyday.
your photo of the East Mountain just got me really excited for my annual trip to WMMR weekend with friends & fam. See u thurs.!
": MANSION PARTY is tonight. #Next2Naked, *drinks, *strippers, *2 levels, *Private rooms & More! - 5051 River Rd, Ellenwood 9pm pi."
not much, you?
Thinking about buying refurbished Macbook Air. Anyone have experience with Apple refurbished products?
happy mother's day!
I'm really feeling Honey Cocaine !
Hey #genblue, hope to see u all tonight at the closing party with my new wave crew!
just for that, I am going to secretly place it on your laptop's screensaver.
when u get there will u tell ne my schedule lol
Luckily, that's the only thing Walker's good at.
Wings Retaliate with goal by Merrill in the closing minutes of the first quarter.
I hate you everyday
Al was right,it was about getting shots for Melo.Hope D'Antoni has the guts to sit Melo and A'Mare.Trade A'Mare for Josh Smith!!!!
nice blog by the way. Hope you follow back
lol what movie?
Unrequited crush on Medea Benjamin?
i don't understand your love for me either
Driving to Carrollton. ETA 9:26 AM using Waze - Drive Social
We start guitars, tonight!
Happy Better Do The Perfect Thing For Your Wife Or Girlfriend, Or Risk Losing Her Forever Day!
i was trying to not be biased myself, lol. long-winded answers are great, but i like what she said in a few words.
I am a huge Denver Broncos fan. And i am glad they are getting rid of Tebow and getting Manning. Manning >>>>>> Tebow
Had a great time at the Kony's last night.
Nothing like closures inside of anonymous inner functions to make the brain hurt. Of course Javascript has nothing on LISP ...
I will just go ahead and assume she does the famous tongue sticking out as you, yes?
Never UNDER ESTIMATE YOURSELF !!
#middleschoolmemories Goin 2 Lakeside park nearby where teachers would instruct us all on how to fish.good times
AZ’s BIGGEST PARTY IS ON SATURDAY @ SKY LOUNGE DOWNTOWN!! 4 DJS IN THE MIX. FOR VIP OR TABLE RESERVATIONS CALL US AT (602)229-1110.
Indiana Jones and the Quest to Find Marcus in His Own Museum
Is is a big suprise or little? You can't seem to make up your mind?
thank you. We are blushing.
You suck at darts
definitely! Purely mind-blowing.
I feel some kind of wayy....
Twitter blast your state senators and reps @ 3 PM EST and ask them to
Really, it's that a couple of friends RT someone who is annoying (at least to me) & I'm wondering if this will fix the problem.
theres like a huge party on my birthday omg
Stop cyber bullying, poor girl is gonna end up hurting herself. This is how suicide victims are driven.
It is hot and sticky out
Daytona 500 now scheduled for 4pm today because of rain delays. The race will air live on Fox 12.
Solo really works best for me
haven't tweeted for days. missed it. but alas, work sometimes takes precedence, not even kept up with the news. i feel so out of the loop!
#twitterboo guess what....
Listen to me cunth!
& lots of literature, ads, etc to whip Walker voters into a frenzy so they actually go vote. Dems need GOTV in Milwaukee badly
it just took out the electricity!!! Go back home!!! Lol
how close was Payton and Williams in becoming coaches for the Pack? Could have been 'us'.....
Haha did you text her yet ? :)
thanks, I'll need it!
is back up, and nothing has been lost. Thank you to the team for working so hard to resolve that.
Hi there - glad to see you actually tweeted before you joined the flock:)
i hope u had fun on the scream tour and happy new year. im also srry for crying on u at te meet and greet yesterday lol
hey boobs! What are you up too?
yes it is how are we supposed to be getting sleep these 3 weeks! lol but yes 3 more weeks and we go back home <3
Human bowling ball with the carry
Hope everyone had a great weekend at Sheep to Blanket. We are closed today and will reopen on Thursday. See you then!
At some point, certainly. I don't think I'll get it first or second day, but soon. Or I'll watch it for options strategies.
Best 29 months I could ever ask for
they say in the sleep state..the brain thinks much more visually and intuitively....
Parenting tip 80: epic bicycle races on the telly knocks the little one out like a sack of roofies.
Pure is happening, its the place to be. via
But now that I get you, I now fear what it really was
haha whatever, but good one
#WooHoo is my new favorite phrase. Thank you for this great enlightenment:)<3
I've only been following for a couple days but you are killin it on twitter keep doing you! And maybe some other people too!
Alright! Sleep well! :) x
gunna redo my room what color should i paint? any ideas
I just went on YouTube to listen to some old songs and 's songs are still gone... :'(
you're right. Some of these situations are clearly the fault of the student.
90 degrees on May 5th in southern Illinois
Can't get ePub issues to stop buzzing around my head on wknd. Need a mental FocusFree-like program. Or better meditation practice.
MILEY IS THE ONLY QUEEN ♥
I talked to Breathe Carolina and they've agreed to perform at your birthday celebration. Get excited.
Brainstorming session: "insurance is a downer and boring." New guy: "Let's make it funny. People will LOVE it!"
The more I look at that replay it sure is a double. Very close.
Learn from your parents' mistakes - They Came Up WITH YOU!! except
If I'm Darryl Sutter, I would just bench Dustin Brown for the rest of the game. Coyotes are on the prowl, someone's trying to end his career
or maybe thats just me? yeah, its me.
You are doing fine! Just tweet and put #LNYHBT if you want folks in here to see it. as well to talk to Sean.
NWST: #Seahawks GM John Schneider on Football and Life, on Matt Flynn and #SB46 & another surgery for #GregOden 930pm
sorry dude... You still thinking about the air force too?
Sea World San Diego did sell Divvies cookies though.
Back in NC!!! On the Agenda: NOTHING!!!!! Dam I miss NYC already!!! However, I may go to The Rock Shop in the Ville tomorrow night!!
On this Veteran's Day, we remember those brave men & women who have fought and are still fighting for our country and our freedom!
Happy Friday! Woot!
Cedar Creek Friends, I hope you had a good time. Lock up when you leave. I'm sleepy. Merry Christmas!
hehe...I just love that quote!
Springfield, MO.... Where amazing might happen on December 19th...
;) my princess is sleeping <3
is sleep talking...
3RD WINNING PICK - #NFL WEEK 5...JETS/DOLPHINS #TAKETHEOVER (36)...THESE GUYS STILL BELONG TO THE AFC, THEY MUST GO OVER 36...RIGHT???
The more I talk to you, the more I want you. I'm just hoping I can have you ♥
“: Men have two emotions: Hungry and Horny. If you see him without an erection, make him a sandwich.” damn skippy
: RT Phase two is complete. BTW, you look very beautiful.
Them same niggas with their hand out be them same niggas who turn their back on you when your down.
Ride on mayne! is like a brother to me!
Yall killing me right now with these tweets about the lake game. Especially the Mike Brown joints lol
Heading to the Embassy of #Israel in DC with Looking forward to celebrating a year of success!
Hah! And get your fill of REAL Chicken Fried Steak... M, TX does have killer food! Then again, so does DC.
Nothing really. I'm just not in the mood. I apologize.
well Ima still be there lol
I heard food trucks and tailgating outside. Concessions but no alcohol inside. Parking lot isn't too crowded. C'mon down!
worked particularly well. Students & I fundamentally clicked as well & they were pretty much running the show by the end.
Um YES !
Happy Friday and happy to be here for today's chat.
Can invite J.Lo to be a presenter? Maybe Angelina Jolie? Just askin'
Not only do I never have to take another science class again but I made $90 on my textbook. Best day ever? I think so!
It's the weekend! Do you have plans?
We sould start a club!
John Rodgers on the scene of possible hazmat situation near UVa coordinating the coverage. Watch 19NewsNightcast for more info.
Scholarships now available! Young singers, audition Sat. 5/19 for YG's 2012-13 season. Call now for details and audition times: 972-439-9037
ATTN: Cloud Browse will be inaccessible for about an hour later on today. We are upgrading our web servers to handle more traffic.
How come i'm related to everybody '& they momma , somethin ain't rite .
Chillin' watching "Underworld: Rise of the Lycans"
I'm proud
i dont have cash!!
why me? I've been sick as fuck
OH MY GOSH HAVE FUN AT BAMBOOZLE.
RT "The best movie of the year"? It's mid-January...
Hey all you ALICE fans! What's your all time FAVORITE quote from Lewis Carroll's oh so wonderful #AliceinWonderland books?
Who would've thought that a member from the Dungeon Family would be performing at halftime. Go ahead Cee Lo. I'm a big Outkast fan btw.
lol hurry up and get off negro
what are you referring to...i know it's not David Hudson because that would be silly since you talk about the most banal shit
I hab a code
that's true!! Precisely right.
I love whenever I never planned to go somewhere. Then I find this great new breakfast spots! So on point.
thanks, I've been able to watch The Chew recently, great television, keep it up
I learned not to judge a woman off day shit dat she wear...if dats da case u shouldn't judge me off da shit dat u hear
Congrats, that's great news!
Got a substantial gift to support the film yesterday. Thank you! #indy #film #ufo Paulding (working title) is progressing well.
*Staring down and admiring the simplistic yet competent binds, tethering them together*
I just outplayed my junior year. My GOD please throw something serious at me. I'm looking for even a fraction of a challenge.
smh never fails... somebody ALWAYS says "i heard about .........."
About to go get XRays on my foot. Hoping it's not broken and ruins summer ball..
oh I've never been to a private school~~
Flip on Live at 11 this am to see an incredible performance w and talkin bout his piano!
just looked them up. They look familiar; I've likely seen some of their OEM stuff. Reminds me of Damiki.
“: they'll be plenty high on bell if he comes cheap enough” >> not so sure.
"In the last town/You should have seen what I was/If I was a stranger/I was worse than a stranger/I was well-known" -Smog's I Was Stranger
New on DVD only: "Sesame Street: Big Elmo Fun" (4-3) "When the Drum is Beating" (4-12) "Garbo: The Spy" (4-17) "Suits: Season One" (5-1)
Thank you very much
Stop watching before it destroys so many brain cells that you revert to being the Man of 1003 Holds
Did yhu see think like a man?
anxious for these next few weeks that will be filled with memorization and strategy. and i'm so sleepy.
Randolph vs. Reggie Evans is a heavyweight fight. Those dudes are wrecking balls.
Rockies interested in Carlos Beltran
#holiday work cards, someone sent my friend a card with there kids in gallows is that sick or is that just awesome
Wow I kicked ass today... Both jobs Golds Gym and Redstar! Will not stop til on the top!!! ;)
never lol I don't like compliments
Having an early meeting with the leaders of #westhillsdwtn talking about Jesus and his church!
Some relationships are like Tom & Jerry. They tease each other, knock down each other irritate each other but can’t live without each other
Guilty, but I'm closing in on Act 3 - will easily have a polished final draft by the time Carson reaches that point.
"I knew when we collided, you're the one I have decided who's one of my kind"
Not last night... I've done it many times before, so it wasn't a stretch for me. Did you? I left @ 10pm to tend to my shoulder.
So, what do you need out zip codes for?
I finally broke down and ordered a #Stylus pen from Amazon. Look out #DrawSomething no more fat fingered stick figures!
Check out 's music!
is in search of an attitude adjustment.
Awesome! Enjoy the new jacket and hope it keeps you warm over there :)
ugh im so pissed off at this country atm. JOSHUA LIVES IN MY STATE TOO. I BETTER MEET HIM. he deserved to win. so did colton.
the feeling you get when you know your not good enough for someonee .
In the music industry, you have to be constantly in the moment. Don't dwell on the past or future. Stay connected with the present.
Michele Lyons on anonymous authorship and its relationship to readers
very easy fix!!
If every word I said could make you laugh, I'd talk forever
Single for the summerr so I can go to Cali and talk to some hot guys
Just finished organizing our talk for next Monday @ noon w/ on the competitive edge of information based on
Thanks for the RT!
It's hard to #focus with to music video for #boyfriend coming out soon <3 <3 <3
yeah yeah 😏
Enjoyed American Idol Concert & seeing the new Halloween II this weekend!
Listen. I have one good eye. If it gets scratched out..I'm s.o.l. or else I'd reply.
I hate evaluation time
getting my shit all packed, one last dinner with the girls ah chicago here i come 4 days!
On the road back home #Atl was good to me I love you!
you mean buy me stuff
That piano recital was SO HORRIBLE....
My tweet deck is frozen on
Thats whats up my dude. School is always the way to success. I better see you on Sept 17TH at the Sex and the City II Event.
Deltas better start asking old heads for a donation or something #
Its 2am and I'm wide awake. I have to go to school tomorrow. FML. Words With Friends time.
I truly do not like hot coffee almost like a lava
I DONT EVEN WATCH BET MTV OR NONE THAT SHIT I TUNE IN 2 WHEN I WANNA BE ENTERTAINED
“The more passionate that someone is about something, the more you have to listen to them.” —Beth Comstock
i am not sure if we're going to eat Ethiopian or Mexican food tonight, but we are definitely not eating at home.
If you want to play a little footie tomorrow head to liberty memorial at 6 tomorrow. The weather will be perfect follow
Through Sin And Self Destruction on iTunes today. I think we finally have heaven on earth.
"Annie" is completely booked! We are starting a waiting list. May add another "Annie" session if we get enough people...
Diamond Herpanacine Associates Expand Their Superior Herbal Services - San Francisco Chronicle (press release)
RT : We donated our pink sparkly cowboy hats to the TLA bookstore & these lovely folks bought them. Thanks y'all!
Health Tips: vegetarians need 10% more grams of plant protein as it is absorbed 10% less than meat protein
You are welcome!
Drove past Cowboy stadium this evening and was wondering about the activity -- forgot the Pacquiao-Clottey was scheduled there tonight.
followed (: ive heard of her before shes wonderful.
you and can. I have Spiritualized tonight at T5.
If they rayz .single lol its not gonna work lol
The rain just means there is just a bit more fairy dust in the air...and Ariel's Grotto for the adults.
#GoodNight! As I'm in a good mood 2day, I'll follow everyone who follow me 4 a few hours from now! So let's go, follow me now
I so enjoy what I do the car business you gotta luv it!!!!
Discomfiting assurance on pizza box @ airport: we guarantee that each item is 100% accurate. Accurately what?
this is more like...random thoughts of what the $&?! are you talking about...
u dont think it makes a statement
My work here is drunk.
Thanks for the follow, A.J.
a DESCRIPTION of an API could be copyrighted, but not the functionality. Facts are not copyrightable.
Twitter just suggested I follow Iowa Wrestling ... this darn thing doesn't know me at all. NOT AT ALL!
home again home again jiggity jig
It is majestic how much I don't feel like doing my taxes.
I don't know what to do with myself right now.... Looking to go to sleep but can't, so wide awake...
That was just wrong on so many levels
- Ha, you could say that. That makes it # 11 or 12 I think. Ugh.
still my favorite by far!
Courtney Stodden Dons Skimpy Lingerie, Hooker Heels for Easter Egg Hunt
Is it bad that I can hear the dogs training whistle? ;)
that's coll!!
what's for dinner ?
That's our objective at least.
i know that but look it up. They have won like 15 and lost like 15
have fun ad enjoy happiness you 2. Treat him well
Church then work . That's my day .
no prob!! talk soon! :)
Can't wait to catch up on #DowntownAbbey after checking the fashions out on
I really hate this feeling..... Thi whole week needs to be overr
It's Sunday, Caitlin. Didn't you go to sunday mass this morning????? xDDDXD
Preparing to stay up for ustream tonight! Got my Nutella Monsters and Popcorn
great game tonight T-Allen! You had master lock defense and you were hustlin like a mad man.
Chillen, getting this work done. Cant wait for #school to be over!
Well done Newmy, I guess that explains your fumble at Cornell... Is that Newmy's car as well?
Go for the gold and don't let up till ya get it.
I need a 2nd look, although I heart anything with a peplum, I'm on the fence about this one
Crossing my fingers...I was suggested to endorse a local pizza place...I think I'm a perfect fit.
The hardest thing I ever had too dony was too let her Go..smh
scott walker. he reeks of desperation!
Dude who a month ago told me I should focus on toning because I couldn't put on much more muscle told me today he was totally wrong.
you're getting old :(
Come try our new Soppressata (Hot) Paninii !!! Yummmyy a'Salute
Testing some functionality with this one
:((( I'm sorry! Well it's amazing! You'll love it when u see it!!
I wanna give a minute to thnk all my wondeful followers, thnk you for everything nd thnk you for reaching one 100 nd almost 110
lol in Plano off of Preston.
Pizza of the Week: Meat Deluxe Sure to Fill a Hearty Appetite! Canadian bacon, sausage, pepperoni, beef & bacon
So first place wants 2 battle us @ 5 on the promenade! Smh
as someone who focuses on ed assessment, I appreciate that
less than 3wks for some of us to be in high #mlanet12 gear already ;)
I'm running a marathon too. Over the next 3 weeks or so, I'll run at least 26.2 miles. #Bostonmarathon Go Vihann Kong!
you're work is absolutely beautiful and amazing!
No matter how many games they win, Tom Crean will ALWAYS rub me the wrong way!
Lincoln continues: "Capital is only the fruit of labor, and could never have existed if labor had not first existed." discussion cont. L8er
5:30 a.m. workout finally caught up to me.
I just got a #Klout notification that I'm an influencer of Either means he likes my live-tweeting or I've become too cynical.
maybe now Merrill will shut up. Tebow just schooled #1 defense in NFL.
Happy Mother's Day to me mum I LOVE her with all my heart and I cant describe it in the few characters I have left but I can say I LOVE MUM!
Justin Bieber in Argentina ! woow !! argentine girls should be very excited! :D
oh wow... Sneaky sneaky young ladies ;) yet very sketchy...
People have one thing in common, they're all different.
Appears to be more to the #Trayvon case than originally thought. Glad I wasn't to quick to pass judgement...
Can you #FF a hashtag? If so, check out the good folks tweeting w/ #expandinglearning and #campaign4children. Great people there.
which one?? :D
but then you wouldn't be able to taste the warm, creamy goodness. :)
Falling in love at The Hudson
Do you know if the DC office evacuated? I'm out this week.
Nice job, Bucky!
RT : Such honor to hear him sing "God Gave Me You"!!!!
Don't bite any skunks, Carolyn! Okay?
When life gives you lemons, make data visualizations MT Looking forward to seeing what travel patterns look like with half a Bay Bridge
Happy moms day everyone!
RT: : Super stoked for reading of Nut City tonight!!
Tip 4: Power - Just being a semi-regular at the golf club restaurant or polo field where you are able to introduce your date to.
I do new product stuff @ Y. Startup-within-big-company-sort-of-thing. All on the QT right now.
take that NY! Not so great anymore, eh??
Thinking of moving to Little Italy in San Diego. Now that I work down here, I'm in love. What are the best buildings?
Acme Hotdogs is closed until Tuesday, January 10th, so we can spruce up at Acme Hotdogs! Thanks for your loyalty and we will see you soon!
RT Lakoff: If "ich bin ein Berliner"= "I am a jelly donut" then "I am a New Yorker"= "I am a magazine whose cartoons nobody gets"
it was delicious!
round here round here round here round here round here. nice1 here
Lol am not. He's rude. RT rude lol
in theory, i'm "talking" to you...haha!
me too she's nice
We had a great time at last night... ya'll should check out our other favorite monthly Thursday party.
yeah! love his voice and style.
Rip to this beat I'm about to kill it... lol not
Great Tee!
They would only have the right to pub if the books are in the public domain, or if okayed by the copyright holder
I tried to dress extra-blowjobable today. So far no one has noticed. :-/
hey buddy, nice to meet another producer. Whats on the slate? We should do a co-production.
Its officially my birthday! (:
I hate being home alone :/
I think you have done a great job with it so far.
This fight was decided in rounds 2 and 10...winner of those rounds wins fight, if split those rounds, prolly Mayweather
Haha yea..Did you get them anything?
i'm still pissed that Terrence Trent D'Arby is not on Twitter
Why does no one say hi anymore?
For real -- w/ a water hose running from the house to the tank's built-in drain: a huge, working, awesome hot tub … RT : what
hello world!
What do and MBG have in common? An awesome Brazilian Jiu Jitsu event of course! This Sunday 3:30-6pm!
well I would never underestimate your ability to out-troll me.
Money and hoes
Doh-- only follow you from UW-- just added you now! Sorry!
Hello to you+ from Maine. I use Twitter for professional development and to communicate with other educators
Angel is on TNT. How could they hold it against me if I am late?
no, major danger and drama. Nancy is super complex!
G's up hoes down
let me know what you discover. i have the same problem
i live in las vegas ;)
Christain just left. I didn't think I'd actually find a Summer love. <3
try scramble with friends... Its way more fun and addicting!
fml I'm going to have to wake up early
RT : Please don't distract me from work guys :) Cool group || ha get to work coming up w/ #signs4sanity slogans
"This is long division - You get the ocean...I get the mountains." ::slow runner::long division::
I checked. They are the exact measurements from the shirts themselves.
This is gonna be a crazy game tonight it's a shame half of Wisconsin doesn't know that it's on tonight
Good lord I'm buzzed off just one BBC beer lol
Just passed the unemployment office here in Denver. Approximately 40 people were lined up at 6:45 am...ALL MEN.
You know you've lost it when you title a doc: "Giving Program and the CRM - a Love Story".
good man, supply and demand, simple economics.
/ Right now, your mobile browser. The site is designed to scale down gracefully on small devices.
Loved seeing this on the #ACM broadcast: : ACM male vocalist of year is Blake Shelton. Represent!
Thanks for the follow Matt. Hope you're doing well.
Every weekend, I'm home alone all of the time
-Top 10 Cutest Girls That Likes My Status . *Make This Hard*xD!
Make sure you check out the creepy zombie clown baby profile pic. No more egg...just for you!
thx so much for the website!
A very Happy Birthday to my Manager Gerry!! Hooray!
Thanks for listening. Glad that you're enjoying what you hear!
A woman just told me I have a swag walk ( cc. )
Playtech to Partner with Mexico to offer a Better Rake for Casino Games and Poker.
The LZ is closed today due to a power outage, we hope to be back up and running tomorrow!
why is that awesome. it seems to me that this observation does not fit the definition of awesome
& myself getting ready for the show!
My ~zen~ morning came to a halt once the contractors started banging on my roof. Thank God I'm not hungover.
listening to your songs while on the bus <3. can't wait until you can release more!
send me an email, so I can draw it, scan it and send the sketch...if you like we go from there...I gotcha man
Good!!And yours!?
thanks for the shout out!
Forcing myself away from Led Zeppelin on my iMac and heading to sleep. Love listening to their music lately....great stuff indeed.
30 left, been nursing a small stack
Wow that's kinda hard to answer, maybe something like " You don't know my name"
I'm on my way
RT : Cincinnati RB coach Jim Anderson at Washington Pro Day to see Polk in action.
Dont feel like unloading these bags.
Finally got beaus$eros bitches. Thanks
ahaha how cute:)
*3AM phone call* "Hey are you asleep?" "NO I'M TANNING WITH #SarcasmQueenRightHere :)
With 12th person given immunity in #WalkerGate criminal probe, will #WalkerFailure answer ?'s about why he has legal defense fund?
Excellent. Have "penned" (not "pencilled") that into my appointment book.
Drive Safe CIP! RT Big Thanks to for powering the and Back to the BCS Food Drive
When we cross the street hold my hand. Life is what happens when youre busy making other plans.
crazy how I was one of your 200 followers and now I'm part of this BIG family of close to #18millionbeliebers.<3
Homer chewed off his hand for some candy... I couldn't go that far for it.
talks with and the about assisting youth and striving for excellence during a recent visit to D.C.
Yes! 110% in. You? Hope so!! Would be so fun to have you there!
Social Media has been outstanding for our business
Yes RT a patient should be given all choices available, even if not available at that hospital
Fire catches and fire spreads, let God set your heart on fire today!
I Need 10 People Follow She Follows Back #teamfollowback & You Get A Promo To her 80k Just REPLY " DONE" When Finished" x3
Fuck the horses ! It's Dustin Hoffman for godssake !
And sarcastic :-)
I sought The Lord and He heard me and delivered me from all of my fears -Psalm 34:4
How are you?
Is your family happy, or do you go home at night?
Ready to go home
Ah, night Cher! Thanks for being a compassionate soul for the Trayvon Martin cause and us gays. You're awesome! Mwah! Xoxo
The team has landed in
Too many iPhone games. I can't keep up...
Going to HOST this morning, tanning, school, work, then gym! luv ras!
Can your preschooler learn anything from an iPad app? - Bangor Daily News
Good Morning World! I great day to be alive! Praise Jesus!
Yayyyyyy!!! Welcome to Dallas!!
Eddie didn't rehearse today!!!
sextip you hold the ice up and you let the ice drip all over that clit all over them lips, then lick it off
Awesome! Looking forward to finding a time to meet up once we both get things rolling! Safe travels! :)
Ha! DM me your info. I will email you next wk
It is now the last weekend before my bday :(
Best friend award goes to for carrying me home last night 👍
At the New Frontiers of #Philanthropy event, Bank of America in partnership with the #GCN ...full house!!
A fellow alumn! RT : Vocal Vanguard- Mark Myers (Waubonsie Valley)
Heartfelt thanks for following!
kicking field goals like a champ tonight.
yeah he gon have do a lot of work in the offseason
I wish I was that guy because I 1) love tomatoes and 2) crave your disgust
out of meeting.
Excellent statement on failure! Good luck with the new school year.
Finally!!!!!!!! Online shopping in the U.S. for ZARA!!!!! This girl is about to go into fab Spanish retailer-induced debt :) www.zara.com
nope, just over that way writing
#Investment property profit is preserved by keeping expenses under revenues. For maintenance, you have to control costs. I can show you how
What do you think about the information leaked today? doesn't change my belief that Trayvon was the victim!
DROP DEAD tired. Sung, played keyboard, went to Cold Stone, all in all today was a good day. I'm about to pass out.
fellow nerds, it's free comic book day. go support your local shops.
She's actually Lisa Simpson, the voice of Bart is done by Nancy Cartwright.
Just saw Gordon Ramsay at The Americana in Glendale, cool. Should've asked him where to eat.
super jealous that got to visit the truck and I didn't!!!!!
Over/under 3: How many people will demand, as a listener, to know where Kim and Beck are today? They took a vaca day BTW, not in trouble.
There is no one higher, no one greater, no one like our God!
Mr kappas's mom died lat night!
what's going on
Km sorry for spamming ur notidications on fb ;( but its fanny ^.^
Happy Mifflin, Madison kids! Wish I was there.
somewhere that's easy to get to, cheaper, doesn't charge $9 for parking, more bike and train accessible, WINDOWS, etc...
Extra innings continue at
I wear my sunglasses at night
name seven
Cruel Intentions and My Best Friend's Wedding on Netflix
Going to QBar to night to plan out the awesome food and drink specials we're going to have from all of you. Gonna to be GOD!
I tried to come c u
i dont know , m where do u live??
beer and charity go hand in hand. more on the horizon surely.
I'm at Starbucks right now on Steinway. Where?
"Unfortunately, Lyuba is not fossilized...she's more like beef jerky". Earl Lock talking about making a mount for Lyuba the baby mammoth.
#ZombieFilm goes in Production today. The Pancake Zombie Says: "WTF!? I don't know my lines!" The Red Baby Says: "STFU!"
that shit was small ok!!! so calm ur self..
Carbs are sugar and sugar are carbs, so you have to look at both. And ignore fiber.
Surprised isn't all over the horse death on
BOTH! Level up. :)
Wow. The power of persuasion; the moon is nearly full.
Come on. You're not above the sport. RT : RT But for real, I really hope we didn't waste our time tonight.
NOTHING..cuz your just like me
not to mention depressing.
All men who have achieved great things have been great dreamers. -Orison Swett Marden
If they are a legitimate, authorized dealer, we usually will.
So pumped for #TotalBlackout, it looks hilarious. ;)
Checking out places in Florida
My first #Starbucks Iced Trenta, can this much caffeine cause instant kidney failure?
Was suppose to go to the ,all today but it got canceled... lol that sucks but im still chillin wit my niqqas..
hi, my name's Kalee. and i enjoy long walks to the fridge.
With all that ugly #playtex, it's no wonder bra burning became a thing.
So long, Brandon. It was a good run.
Plan to run next year!
Chili queso that tastes jst like Chili's- check! Minimozzerellaballs standng-in for cheese curds - check! Nachos- uh huh. Gumbo? Hell yeah!
#MacBook Amazon knocks $150 off some Macs: Airs from $849.99 MacBook Pros from $1049.99
I'm not feeling good right now !
damn you simple bitches
Many Thx for all the
I said today would be really good or bad. Leaning towards bad. We moved btw so much farther to sitter. About 25 min each way
with the possible exception of Jet Fuel. ; )
congrats... Wish i had some. (:
Just watched The Vow<3 one of the best movies ever<3 I cryer pretty hard though.. Such an amazing movie<3
My apologies, we aren't taught to succeed, we are taught to exist.
Will get to this later... thank you for letting me know about it.
whoever is worth my time
meet me up there.! If yhu can.
HAHAHAAH RT Sippin tequila. Thinkin of when tried to kill me with it.
so as a southerner, id hope it was at least sweet tea.
thank you Dr. Sherry. Someone just did.
DAM Hometown of Hall of Famer Ron Simmons:)
Happy birthday !!!!!
Have you ever wondered why sheep don't shrink when it rains? Hm?
VEVION=FOREVER ALONE!!!!
What is the most controversial news piece you have followed this year???
Youd think national, company-wide email server updates would be done OUTSIDE normal work hrs. Email down. I feel antsy
thank you so much. I enjoyed working with them
I would expect nothing less from those crazy Canadians.
Double the nipples. Double the fun.
THROW YOUR SETS UP! UTI OR DIE!
Metrics Metrics Metrics, they are always key to understanding your content and audience. YouTube launches new upgrades to its...
hey, that's great. "His approach to teaching is both classical and modernist." and again, you're not wearing a tie!
Urban Tour Host Suggests: Shantal's Lounge, Liberty City -Wed- Sun BBQ, Potatoe Salad, Conch Salad- Try it !
Hey man.. Did you get my mail?
I hate wakin up early for no fukn reason
I'm a cat person.
good news !
what's up doc
Its amazing what you can learn when you start thinking for yourself; listen to your own voice, form your own opinion, discover what you want
that's how you feelin
Join #EMchat tonight at 9PM EST as we discuss ways to break down silos on campus!
Anyway goodnight twitter ♡
Congrats to Drew & the Saints !!!!!
Body is back at work but mind is still on vacay.
Hey everyone hows it going follow me i follow back!!!!!:)$
Won a $26 satellite token last night, will see what I can do to work that up thru 4 levels and get into the bigger cash prizes.
Took two Ibuprofen 800MG. Hurry up & kick in already!!!
It's not the eyebrows that are the worst. Just trust me on this one...
Watching a show about rare ocean fish and these guys keep taking them out of the water and handling em.. Wtf put them back in the water dick
Off to Louisville for a girlfriend jaunt. Southwest Airline buddy pass. 21c Museum Hotel - awesome! Drinking Bourbon Barrel Stout! Yum!
I get verklempt just knowing you're on Twitter. <3
bring back janet jackson next year
Let's go #brewers! I'd love to see a win!
has a good point about Beavers coverage. They don't even have a tab on the oregonlive website - though the Timbers do.
same with mine!!! :(
I have a keeper homie! Hahah
Off to my exgirlfriends house(:
I know why they call it the cat's meow.
Talent is God given. Be humble. Fame is man-given. Be grateful. Conceit is self-given. Be careful.”
We make it a whole lot easier than having to paint!
Gorgeous! Where did that America go?
Great day today. Working more on getting the Exposure unit done for screen printing
RT : In case U haven't had the oppty2notice,the gr8 Man of combat journalism, , is doing the best work from Bangkok
Ay bay bay, let it play, that's my song turn it up
Always a bit giddy about going home from a long trip. Who cares that it may be raining in Seattle? It's home!
Just saw a dog sitting in a corvette...and it KNEW it was cooler than all the other dogs.
Unfortunately not! :( I'll be in the MKE area until the 15th or so though!
remember that time I was listening to Fey?
Time to put on the apron. As requested, friday night rack of lamb and artichoke dinner coming up people.
so I guess being a jerk makes you feel better about yourself. Can someone say
can you text me your address?
Fun night :)
"Party -- My Crib - Two A.M." (On a baby-size shirt)
hahah that sucks
hey pooh! Hows everything PS im mad with u ;(
Going to watch some Netflix. This means you try and talk to me, you'll get cussed out, :)
Things need to start looking up for us. If your a drummer and want a band let us know.
always collect string.
Also appropriate: The "Defibulation". RT : Was his Jersey Shore name "Salt n Peppa"?
What is this? LOL
AGREE! RT : with the roundabouts-springmill is faster during rush hr RT
I weighed in and lost 4 lbs.
RT Congrats to Andrew Hinrichsen on winning the second bracelet event at WSOP Europe and 148K euros
follow back please tx Eva!
can I explain how they got results in march, yet no reports until 2 weeks before fight??
what age class and service are you in? I'm Toddler B 3rd service. :-)
Drought in the Hill Country. When this happens, root development is reduced and wound formation restricted. Trees start to shut down ...
Haha kay I will! :)
Loyal Twitterites: I will be live tweeting the #ACMs tonight on ! Follow now, chuckle heartily later.
I really enjoy doing wrk majority of da times
and i deserve a i <3 skip bayless shirt.
hahaha "The wheels still turning, but the hamsters dead"
We'd love the support. We're always interested in learning more ab different NPOs & what they're doing in MD
It's a beautiful addiction, isn't it? #SigurRos #nowplaying "All alright"
do y'all know each other???
THAT'S a surprise...the the guy is good. Really good.
Just made this twitter! :) Follow me if you love <3<3
I cried when I couldnt see them
Morning, beautiful!!!!! :)
GALLO IS BEATEN. SIT HIM/
That's what the Rise Against Pandora channel is for. Despite it's tendency to throw Irish folk music in quite frequently.
Site Seeing - Toronto Star
I just got off the phone with Ian Astbury of Very interesting fellow. Full interview coming next week!
I concur. Think of all the extra cargo room.
Yesterday??? When?
Gotta check out on
Although Eddie Gossage is Mr. Ego ALL the time, I do agree with him on certain things about the IndyCar Series.
If the Lakers lose tonight, I will not watch another NBA game for the rest of the playoffs
Sobering. Here's to the ones that do.
Happy to be following #THATCamp and #lodlam activities. Thanks to all the twitterati in attendance!
feels so cool that is following me!
All you do is run through my head Are you getting tired yet?
Follow me of i like 2 party, i will follow u:-) .:-)
thanks for the shoutout :)
I like donuts and I like beer. So surely the combination of the two must be a glorious thing.
thanks hot stuff for the follow!
Isn't the Note only 5" ? I'm Thought a bit about the iPad 2 because of the price drop.
Happy Birthday ;)
Cant Help But Wait
- you too!
I drive to LSU today come back tomorrow work only tues and Sunday .
Quattro margarita type afternoon?
That moment when you realize you still have a ring pop in your purse from lunch>>>>>>
Always be sure to back up your photos early and often! You could be just one hard drive crash away from losing priceless memories forever.
First morning workout of the year...and all I want to do is crawl back in bed.
Happy birthday !!!! Hope it's lovely! Love ya!
