Today we're filming from Seattle Science Foundation an amazing facility at our Cherry Hill campus dedicated to medical training.
Thanks for the #FF! You're pretty "kind and badass" yourself! Happy holidays to you
k will do
are you home cuz?
And what phone do you have. because i can see it on my phone.
Don't you just love how 's mom ignores him when she is watching Lifetime? :D Lol #FizzyFamlyForever :3 <3
"Breathe Again" by has my heart tonight.
#ascj Just arrived to Homeboy Industries. Jobs not jail! I love it!
laying down watching tv...so sick today had to miss class:(
Thank's to god i got my break through i woke now let's get it !!!
That's the diff between #solar/RE FITs & corp welfare: FITs r/fair payment 4 energy while utility-scale renewables subsidize big bus
Some privileges that I state engender feelings of guilt...ones about having money always bring feelings of guilt
local news just reported forensic test results reveal human body decomposition in trunk of Casey Anthony's car... poor Caylee
I feel very lucky!
Chris! How are you?! What are the dates you will be in???
And she's taking questions/comments, because education is a 2-way street! RT : Gloria Steinem keynote speaker
so true! They can be pretty mean animals!
hahahaha me too
Before I forget, I want to send a special #HappyBirthday out to , tear it up!
I'm horrible at shopping for girls. I need help ladies! Ideas for a bday present?
ibeing to get excited but ti dont wanna set my self up for disappointment. it really sucks
"I know if I could do it over, I would trade give away all the words that I saved in my heart, That I left unspoken"
Or Dead Guy Ale would have been sufficient, I suppose. Guess I dropped the ball on the apropos pairing part of the equation.
I think it's bad that I have suicidal thoughts...
Going to eat one of subs later, and can't wait! Haha I love sub way!
Me too! Ooowee is all I can say!
it was so amazing!!! :)
I like these Glen Campbell covers better than the originals.
Oh I guess you think that's funny.
home from work it was a long day.
I was a librarian in my former life, I'm sure of it:)
Increase your pay, secure your position & earn more respect by getting advanced #nursing degree with no campus attendance...
Nice foto iceland!
I #amreading #AntarktosRising by #JeremyRobinson between bouts of working on my latest novel.
Emily and Iain are trick or treating. I'm the candy hander outer.
if you were a comedian your name would be Lady Haha.
I wish i could make it on thrusday, but i am singing on a live TV show that night.
IS IT CUPCAKE 443 WERE THE HERSHYS IS SHE OMG SO HAPPY
be safe<33 it was great meetings you tonight.
Tricky tricky!
Thank You Joan for your beautiful daughter that I'm proud to call my role model! ♥ XO
Just finished riding pocketbikes Sister fell off Lol
I worry bout things to much
Goldberg: shifted to Guantanamo 2012, think confounding grief of Guantanomo through mode of lament which "precedes form"
Totally excited about !
To the recording studio with producer Mitchie B!!!
have a fun time
And if our God is for us, then who could ever stop us, and if our God is with us, then what could stand against us?
Ladies, if the first place another WOMAN'S eyes goes is to your cleavage, then it's too much.
oh. wait. am i little confused?
The winner of our drawing for 2 VIP tickets to a game is ! DM us for more info on how to claim the tickets!
i miss my best friend already !
I wasn't that drunk? Dude, you threw goldfish at my blue rug screaming "swim bitches swim!"
Howdy new followers! Enjoying the break on the acting side, busy on the recruiting side! Need #iPhone and #Android pro's for new company!
RT : 2 Winners of DJ HERO will be picked next Friday from my followers. To win be eligible to win U must RT this.
Tired... Heading home
And u know this Man! Thanks let's get it!
Lets take for instance, Toyotas niche strategy
Oh my gosh we're getting soo fat.
Come grab a #Beer for the game tonight! Come Bounce with us :)
Oof, not that deep, no. Start my film work in June
awesome, snagged an audition tomorrow AM!
thanks cousin.
When God gives you a vision, it should not be debated.
Before the fight* "Don't be afraid to rip eachothers shirts off!"
literally.....hundreds
hahaha. Well if the gf ain't on twitta then I guess you're good! I'd love to go to Maine for a day
Happy Cinco de Mayo!!!
Thanks for the mentions:
Where my Spanish speaking people at? RT !
I actually heard the show is really good!
Thanks ! We had a wonderful dinner and it was great meeting you!
yes I would [: I'm married to Lil Wayne, sorry you missed the wedding bud. (;
hoe with a shotgun
Right? So many of our guys got drafted! Great for the #NFL and great for our program. But wait, is it football season yet?
RT cfaulkner --> still down in philadelphia area 18964. What's up!
Ahh congrats! Are you excited?
Love the technology-congrats on all the success! MT : As of today, has 2,511,194 downloads of its NFL+NHL team apps!
♬ August 4th 1984 Prince began 24 week run at top of U.S album charts with "Purple Rain" The album went on to sell in excess of 10m copies ♬
battier and miller can definitely get the job done if they show up tho
We love Rocky Horror! We'll be screening it June 2nd at midnight!
By far the youngest person at this show!! Ha ha
Thx for following please help me get followers :D
Heat up your night with our Sriracha Ketchup!
injuries are a killer. Jacoby is irreplaceable though for them. That would be like the tigers losing verlander
Happy New Year! Celebrate With These Celebrity Smooches (PHOTOS) It wouldn ’t be New Year ’s Eve without a little smooch at the strok
Need to look at an economic model that allows these different ways of delivering service.
thank you for the
I'm not selfish I just don't give a F••• what you're doing with ur life right now.. .
Welcome to the new twitter feed to Hybrid and Online Teaching at #Baruch College, CUNY. New info will be tweeted as it comes in, stay tuned!
awe thanks! Haha (not even close!!) (:
Always up for the Fish!! ": Top of the 12th, Fish still tied 2-2. RT if you're staying up late with the Fish! #LETSGOMARLINS!"
that looks like so much fun! Your photos look rad
Are you wearing a Packers Jersey?
We just met our 1st UPS man. Very nice guy but we had to bark at him because the package he brought was not for us or & he had no treats!!
Thanks a lot. Please spread the word about us to all of your friends!
Holy cats! #vegan green tea cupcakes with mandarin orange icing! They won't last long!
Johnny 5 is alive.
A positive about a negative isn't really a positive.
That's perfect, then we can hit the flee market.
That would mean interrupting the most important topic of his show...it's the same one everyday...himself
Sorry to hear that. Hope everything works out!!!!!!
Bryce Harper is an immature child. You are in the big leagues and you hit yourself in the head with a bat. Plus you are over-rated.
When I'll be missing you and I don't want to miss a thing comes on, I can't help but get goosebumps and think of , R.I.P Angel 💜👼
Atmosphere with Eyedea&Abilities tonight at HOB....jamz
Taking some much needed me time....with Super Mario 3.
He calls qj no H and I have him dead basically. 85k dinner break going to 1200.
20 minutes is up ):
I guess I should start working on updating my lab for Partner Exchange..
Wow really hung over,..,
2nd prettiest thing in the house! (okay, Sugar, the 3rd prettiest)
CALL ME IN THE MORNING YOU SLORE(;
I hate when you dont text me back.... -_-
Fandom>Freedom...only when it comes to Duke/UNC apparently
Good Morning Everyone!
: show some sign of life
Not the government what i tell you about that :-(
Best fun I have had in a while -- Googling images of STDs with my sex-crazed 14-year-old! The faces! The Horror!
Don't wanna play no games, I want you exclusive,
Oh great way to start off my morning, great thing to happen three days before graduation.
Nominated for "Best Soundtrack Producer" award by Indie Music Channel Award show at House Of Blues, Hollywood, April 29, 2012
Craving sushi
I am officially graduated from high school!!! :)
RT SYTTD on !!! (aka Say Yes to the Dress) You and should hang out.
It's a beautiful day in the neighborhood, I think I need to go skipping outside for a bit!
it is beautiful, what an upgrade!
Take a look at your company website on your smartphone. If it doesn't look good, consider developing a simple mobile version of your site.
Is it important to distinguish #genderqueer from #agender and #neutrois if we use #nonbinary?
Bocelli's new album rung sweetly as I walked to work this morning... so much left to accomplish.
GETTING IN BED WITH THE CLICKER...NOW...
suggest reading Clayton Christensen's "Innovator's Solution" for understanding corporate innovation.
yummy & no artificial color.
I only really use it online or on my iPad...sry :-/
I'm a female Fe=Iron Male=Man Therefore I'm Iron Man
Everything was so perfect and awesome!
Question for the tweeps: How do you think data.gov (U.S.) compares to data.gov.uk ?
"any chips or cookie drink" lady at subway gets me every time
It's the first official day of winter! Hopefully it doesn't get too cold over the holiday.
Hola, Ya'all! 2nite in The ATX - Saxon Pub 10pm - We wimmin' will be Rockin'. Hope to C YOU...Miss Z
"Im totally addicted!! I play it every time Im able and the farthest level I've gotten to is 7 lol best game ever! :)" by Stephanie
“: I so much prefer holding a print of my photos rather than looking at them on a screen.” agreed
Looks like im finally the friend that on the rise ;) i like this change
DEFINETLY AGREE! I THINK PPL THAT SAMPLE ARE MAINLY PEOPLE WHO'S NOT GOOD WITH CHORD PROGRESSION & MELODY! RT. I DO CONCUR!
you still going to Oshkosh?
For tax purposes, a limited liability company can elect to file as a C corporation or S corporation
of course...perfect so far....I got Harvard winning the "fencing four" (you'll see everything on espn later)
getting ready for the J-O-B...... i am so boring
I don't want that big shit! Need that young fly shit.
I ma happy. I've got my mommy!
are you coming down today?
Jim Nantz, please stick to golf cause it's ok to be boring in that & UConn, please put your ghetto kids in the back to hide them on stage!
Hah, you should hear how mad I get. I'm like that faggot on the other teams using the M16!
you have never given me a reason not to be. (OG stands for original gentleman) haha
Just registered for the American Psychological Association's national convention in Orlando..... But August seems such long time away.
no problem
Dennis the Menace is on!! Boy oh boy!!!!
hey I am trying to wake up. You look very beautiful today
Best concert Since red rocks!
Follow back, please?<3
If #Seattle is not deluged with snow tommorow, after 4 days of hype, I'll be VERY disappointed! Planning to build a big fat snowman ...
Flacco's 1st on the list of People Who Think They Should Be 1st.
Cool, I just ordered a bunch of free material and donation boxes for #Movember when we decide on this get-together.
RT : I love that one! RT : David Foster Wallace's classic essay about A must-read....
In Myrtle Beach for McLeod Health American Girl Fashion Show for the children's hospital. Then back to Florence for High Five Alive!
Are you crazy!!!? I was just saying how that was her best video ever!! That's crazy. We watched it at the same time lol.
The questions on stackoverflow about Android programming are way dumber than the questions about Haskell.
Happy Halloween!
Bahahaha I know. He's freaking out a little at my departure.
Today was an especially #goodday! This morning I was so sad and I ended the evening
Airport this early, not my thing, ill miss you dad.
On the way to Boston to visit family before I hit the road again
we here at domu love (we mean: LOVE) frozen desserts. And you can't beat a good discount.
Happy Christmas to you! Hope you're having a good one.
Next week is so crucial
Silver Stars are 4-0 for first time in franchise history after beating Phoenix Mercury 101-99.
Self-care--remember to schedule some down time for YOU so you can be a better parent for your children.
When verified "domestic," foxes will be reclassified as "Vulpes familiaris." Trut was very clear, despite journal papers.
- Very fascinating, I love my job...and that is awesome! I love sports memorabilia!
project today? Haha
Wahoooos! RT : So apparently it's national taco day I need some damn tacos
Another 2000th tweet dedication to for being such a sweet friend and letting me borrow 4 seasons of friends!!!
Also, yes, Song 1 has driven me to listen to "I Only Have Eyes for You" in, like, all of my spare time. Preferably with all the lights off.
praying away! NC weather is crazayyyyyy so I know we will be fine :)
Today in Literary History: On March 13, 1941 Elizabeth Madox Roberts (Kentucky novelist and poet who wrote UNDER THE TREE) died in Florida.
street food in LA is kind of cheap. Depends on what you're eating. Sushi? no. Tacos? Yes. cc;
Working on re-recording songs for the 'Thinly Veiled Album'...motivation level is low. :( Hopefully I will be able to bust out a few...
with a new twitcon as well!!! lol
“: Broncos meet with Center Jeff Saturday but no deal yet. Former CSU TE Joel Dreesen visits today.”
Working the rest of the day, Fairs & Festivals coachin with me starts This Sat!
Cool thank you!
Great way of putting it, I'd love to hear an example of one.
Wandering on a CA college campus today & thought I saw Michael Fitzsimmons reading poetry under a tree.
Grabbing a quick cup of coffee w/ my #EO buddy Always good to get his perspective.
Dont wanna be in my life ? Ill happily enough hold the door open and watch you fucking leave !!
see u soon beautiful man of my future
Trying my best;-)
Driver says someone coming from Embarcadero station. Glad there isn't an emergency!
great to see what you guys are doing! We're happy to help in any way we can
i am woman, see me rickroll
Advertising may be described as the science of arresting the human intelligence long enough to get money from it.
I heart super big time
So I only need 5 hours of sleep now. That's the plan? Just let me know. Kthxbai.
": waiting for you to text back << death"
I think as long as you still got it. It seems Paul does. RT : When is too old to perform? ever?
Someone once told me that I could be anyone I wanted to be... Turns out...that's called identity theft...
GooD MorninG,All,Love u So Much:/-i
So excited to begin Bud Not Buddy with iMacs this year...searching images about the Great Depression
Some people have asked about my other books being an Ebook-soon they will all be-it's a process yet...but give me about a month hopefully :)
tell her go home this is her 3rd day there lol jk but really she has haha
Got my new tattoo! :D it's not finished yet but the outline is done :)
get it
Thanks pumpkin. Cause u right though it ALL. I always stay TRUE 2 MYSELF! #Always!
Why am I watching Americas best dance crew, Is this really what my life has come down to?
favorite childhood memory ? shout out to roxana esquivias (:
Good morning everyone!
Lmfao! Get a hobby :D
Merry Xmas 2 those that make me better
Bodog Head Jim Philip Leaves Post at NovaGold Resources Inc
The feeling of knowing you can go home and not have to worry about school the next day
Nonsense. RT : ya!! What if they hate me and I'm not a favorite any longer!?!
RT Hold fast to your dreams, for without them life is a broken winged bird that cannot fly. -L. Hughes
what was it
The other 28% is skeleton(and she likes to bone), muscle&fat(the legend)
Yey babysitting my two year old niece :D
I swear I just saw Janet Jackson. Pretty sure it was just a homeless tranny...but I could have put money on it being Janet!
Songwriter round-robin shows are perfect. Dave Pahanish. Brian McComas. Chas Stanford. Aaron Benward. Nashville Unplugged shows = love.
oprah has a favorite tree.. o
will do girl! Xoxoxoxo
make me bitxch
Alright. Have a spot across the street from Met Gala. Here we go. Nina Dobrev just arrived.
you can never have too many boys.
Tent's going up!!!
ON MY WAY TO VIRGINIA WITH MY SCHOOL<3 16 hours to go(:
just heard via meghan and sarah that you're on Top Chef. Good luck! I've never watched, but i will now and cheer my face off!
thanks! it went well!
Our mission is to stregthen and grow the regions technology community through education and relationship development.
working on JSB sinfonias in spare time; u?
I DO LOL
literally tattooed on his dick, yeah. the "M" got fucked up cuz he got a boner. you should post a pic of your sleeve when its done
Should add, I have seen some in DALN that are pretty "colorful" in that regard. So well within possibility that it will be taken.
Hey buddy! Happy Birthday!!!!
sweet we shall have to meet and talk smack about
what's wrong with the white and pasty look?
Fleury is standing on his head
No worries, we're cool. Gotta do what I can to get my fix before I'm at Spring Training for 6 weeks.
Searching the library's catalog, you'd think "exile" is a word only used by scifi writers and Osama bin Laden's unofficial biographers.
Congratulations to youtube user: xxhaleyainnie4xx please email your address so we can ship you your game :D
#TheLabNYC is going to be JUMPING today, with 1st timer making an appearance, and alum dropping in :)
I will be cleaning windows in Santa Fe tomorrow. Snow Does not slow me down!
Y am I AWAKE!
isn't it past your bedtime??
personal reasons
So an atheist and a believer walk into a garden....
The Listerine Zero, Clean Mint is the freshest mouth rinse and no burning sensation because no alcohol!
Book looks great; been looking for a book like this for required reading for my frosh seminar.
Hey guys. I got you guys as a reference from Hunters. My band for my wedding dropped out and I am getting married in june.
I just need a hug
HEY! we have a NEW song called "Circuits" that going to be posted soon! our next tweet will have that song! SO listen to it and retweet it!!
So freakin mad
u found her
Ha ha. Conan just busted out the live-action Angry Birds. Awesome
#NM_Mania12 Hats and shirts are for sale! Contact AANM to reserve your hat/shirt combo today!
'Journalism is sometimes about footnotes, we write something small to say something big'
Yeah. Tweets are so much better. :-p
i can
Awesome : Get ready Baltimore: 5,000 pre-k kids heading out on a field trip...all on the same day! Thurs. is PreK
Thanks for the Happy B-Day ^.^
u know what i just thought of caden?
Missing #fye2012! Great friends, great presentations. So inspired. See you next year
I would like to echo 's statement earlier of "Merde," however instead I need to replace "France" with "coworkers"
Aw ((: Yayayay! I'm so excited!! I'm sure its going to be gorgeous!
Thanks for the follow, I love your bio as well!! Happy #FF!!
I know it's been too long!
Thank you for following us! Stay posted for updates leading us to our summit meeting in Boca Raton this October.
Thinking about Ghetto Shakespeare...a classical/modern mashup
you should creep on me! Haha
Awesome show last night! Heading now to Fort Meyers, Florida, then Disneyworld, and then a 24 hour drive to Texas....
I always wake up so cold 😔
uh oh those may be fightin words
You're welcome! You're going to have a blast and I'm confident the team will do well!
Even in a room full of ppl, mostly feel alone
I hate when I have breakdowns. =/
why are you stealing my Google search glory: Courtney Rowe Communism?
killin it tonight at One Eyed Jacks. Had a great time playing with yall!
#onlyratchetgirls go to store wit a night scarf on and house shoes
Finally able to make a Ducks hockey game against Columbus. Downhill racing tomorrow and Supercross tomorrow night then Hockey again Sunday.
I'm in Santee where it gets really hot. The pool sees a lot of action during those summer months.
N/P
UPDATE! BULLETIN PASS NOW GOOD UNTIL MIDNIGHT! Ignore the "11pm" cut-off....PRINT AND GET HERE NOW!!!
Whether it’s a treat for you or a gift for a client, much detail goes into selecting just the right look to complement our toffee.
Hi Jules, I hope you come by our booth! Lots of good gluten free cookies to sample =)
Come to charro, tamarind margaritas are good
your too blessed to be stressed. Let go and Let God!
Tip 7: Thank each other for the evening and make sure to let them know that you enjoyed your time together.
I like tht you should get tht
I love watching shitty movies.
Celebrate suds! Today is International Beer Day! Our craft-style beers are only $3 ea from 5-7pm
I can't fathom that being the reason why. can I phone you? or are you doing your stupid homework?
I need your take on Goodman saying www will decide on what mkg will do. Right or wrong tweeting that and does it hold water?
I just don't understand what I've done to make my life suck.
God does not expect us to always agree but He does expect us to love & respect each other.
I'm saying hello to me today. :)
my aunt said that it heels by itself
There are only two ways to live your life. One is as though nothing is a miracle. The other is as though everything is a miracle.
sounds good buddy!
I wonder what percentage of Terminal 5 should be labeled 'obstructed view' ie 'can't see fuckall'?
hits everyone the same way. The series finale will leave you feeling like you have nothing left to live for
love ya too. xx
Robert Cunard just saw the Editorial he booked for Runway Magazine Featuring his model Brian Patrick Kehoe and Stephanie Pratt.
Yes. All. Weekend. Long.
“It takes courage to grow up and turn out to be who you really are
Looking forward to meeting my neighbors this weekend - I'll be out and about...all over District 7
What would you do if I told you that I lalala love you?
Causing so much problems why you doing that? Ripping people's hearts out you too cute for that.
barely any snow during winter... heavy snow when it's almost spring...
Twitter > Facebook.
I also recommend Hikari Mart (S. Clinton & Gregory) to anyone who wants to get a house key cut but doesn't want to leave the city.
Knock knock
Playing with tomorrow night at !
that sounds delightful. Now I'm hungry again! Lol
Sick good #fringe finale but standard jj abrams cliffhanger
...ill be here
#MyResolution i will be more spontaneous!
Saw some dude running with a dozen eggs in his bath robe.
me too! One of these days all this useful information about celebrity nonsense will pay off for me, maybe.
Thanks. I was like c'mon!! How do I get them shits?
(they have multigrain ranch now.........)
30 minutes til I clock out !
Can't wait for tonight! It's gonna be poppin!!
Wish I could sing.
Chillin bout to go out looking crazy i hope no one sees me....but it never fails lol
Im not down to call her!
Few live male teens in evidnce - the "Grow yr own Boyfrnd" my teens now reconstituting in H2O doesn't hold mch promise
Some people are so fucking annoying
Listening to Hammy and Rosie on my iPad- Love it!
I just completed a 1.47 mi run with a 12:58 min/mile pace using
Enjoying some Barnes & Noble time with the fam
Accidentally erased my entire work inbox. Well, nuts. Good thing I was caught up on e-mails?
Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts. - Winston Churchill
Yes. Resveratrol is found in red wine. Many of the health benefits attributed to red wine can be credited to Resveratrol.
On my official FB Bandpage I got 14 tracks up feat Tilk, TFo, Mo Henni, meat, Rick da don the list goes on F#ck Wit Me ! FREE DOWNLOADS >GO!
Old n' busted: Running into your teacher at the grocery store. New hotness: Running into your bartender at the grocery store.
"Did you know you're only 229,500 points away from cool prizes?" .-. Cause that's so little.
NEW 2012 Price list. Find it at our website or request it to be sent via email.
yes, and I'm glad we're on the same page. I'm gonna go Back to watching the voice now.
It never surprises me now how low segments of humanity can go. I'm surprised when there's no sign of utter degradation. :)
I LOVE ONE DIRECTION! :D :D
If you're always guided by other people's thoughts, what is the point in having your own?
Happy #FF to these hooligans too!
Visiting #dharamsala in #india in a few weeks. Any suggestions for must-see spots or activities?
what the......nice dress, i'm jellous
yeah not rlly im waiting for tht day my dad says ok were going to new jersey but trust me i no im going but idk when
Now I will attempt to watch the dvr'd south park during halftime
sorry for your loss.
btw if you want to do another giveaway, please let me know.
Impressed...how do you make that lil "squiggly-thing" over the n in pinata? :-p
For the moment.
I feel so loved! 99 followers and I havent even had a twitter for 24 hrs! you guys sure know how to show love! --J
we realize we can look that way, but we're definitely not! are we causing slowness for your servers?
I'm honestly really smart. When you don't see me do shit in class, DONT assume I'm fucking dumb. I'm very intelligent.
Check out HD13 and Stan Helsing while at Comic-Con
Damn my grandmova mean as shit
RT!!!“: #Aries could stay up all night just thinking.”
Forecast for Rest Of The Overnight: Showers with a slight chance of thunderstorms. Lows in the mid 60s. Southeast...
All these couples in my school...like am I the only single freshman in this whole school!??
well they look awesome!
You're welcome
ROB WOUTAT | Of barbers, haircuts and heliocentrism - Kitsap Sun
"Darkness cannot drive out darkness; only light can do that. Hate cannot drive out hate; only love can do that."~ Martin Luther King Jr. ;)x
Boobs and games are fun, Your rack is amazeballs
ADD BOSTON! ADD BOSTON ADD BOSTON ADD BOSTON ADD BOSTON ADD BOSTON ADD BOSTON.. #1DBostonConcert 13
I have to keep turning off my car air conditioner because my contacts get dry when I drive
going swimming
my news channel showed owl and slam dunk guy this morning, weirdd.
Congrats Grad! (hated saying)RT : Just finished writing in my last blue book ever! So long #College! Hello whatever happens next!
RT : wnt something exciting for K Street? Check out at www.boqueriaca.com. Let the city & the mayor know yr opinion!
It's not flash versus html5. It's what best serves your need/purpose/audience.
My phone is really messed up -_-
Return to Moscow...
Yeah just read that. & we pick 2nd tomorrow. I like, I like. I can live w/ it too.
Attention #foodies - dinner at The Indigo Duck in Franklin was fantastic! Highly recommended.
Are you in town for it?
#whitesox hitting coach Jeff Manto and White Sox 3rd basecoach Joe McEwing were both born in Bristol, PA. Imagine that! .
Happy birthday to my beautiful bride and wonderful mama. Your the absolute best darlin.
Thanks Ben! I'll take you up on that.
Is everyone elses account acting crazy?
Did you get a chance to check our trax out? Orphanz™
Starbucks Coffee participates in Florida by offering FREE Cup of Coffee with no purchase necessary. Posting January, 2012
Aptar Pharma celebrates asthma day with a twister™ of innovation - Packaging Europe
lost 2.2 pounds since his last weigh-in! He's lost 22.8 pounds so far.
How awesome after baseball practice I sat on a fire ant hill
Adiós Thanks for coming to this year's #prsms!
I'm up :) we're almost the same age, I turn 19 next month. We could find stuff to talk about :) what's up girrrrlll?
right? The fact that they're all laughing and smiling around it all. Disgusting.
New fan of #meangirlsmassage in South Seattle. FTW
Yes I'm tawkin bout bitches
Happy Monday, tweeters! 4th of July is creeping up, what's your plan for the weekend?
Cant get KC tickets through ticketmaster, obvi....well, thats a bitch pain in the ass.
Noeleen: If kids are affected, pick a mom to speak.
Best of luck Brandon! You're going to do great today.
Well shit, I miss you.
It's 106 in Las Vegas (but only feels like 101....). The hacker crowd is starting to fill the hotel for Defcon.
Landed, now time to drive home, shower, change, head ti Christmas Party....
MERRY CHRISTMAS FROM NEKKIDTEES TO YOU AND YOUR FAMILY.
whos autograph is that because it looks just like how i sign my name
Glad to be followed by
what does that mean? Besides the part where it sounds like a slur?
On my way to independence Iowa
My sister said her friend took a pretty pic of a rainbow and my mom says "I can make a rainbow MYSELF"
Omg i gotta use the restroom now !
I think I just came up with a new level of journal article revisions--how does 'catastrophic revisions' sound?
Slept like all day.....not sleepy at all!
Have not forgotten about you. Want to follow up on E4E event in NYC and advisory panel. Interested in a concept paper on the former
Fakest of the fake
that's no way to treat your girlfriend
Sunday Funday! Come to Jon's Mat Pilates at 9am...
My mother produced, protected, pushed, and shaped me. Her love has been unconditional and inspirational. Thank you.
I just want to buy more and more shoes. 
There is obviously no stopping KNKT..
money over men, oh yea
I'm glad you lived to tell the tale. That guy's a real animal!
Don't know why I'm not on website but I'm.looking forward to letting know who I am today. As a vet I'm proud to b running
walk to work, so I feel more like Pete Campbell...
Hey Austenites, you all should check out My new favorite thing.
it was super fun.. girl I got bad news. DM Me
developing major affection for St. Lawrence Market neighborhood...reminiscent of Gansevoort...I have a weakness for industrial buildings!
John don't talk shit when you have the biggest fables
how my face looks to you&what you think of it!! can back me up if she wants!!
Love every other time they speak of Artest/World Peace - they say one name or the other...hilarious!
damn. they're getting everybody ! is syed in there? loll
Merry Christmas everyone...
#SignsAPersonCantCook if they say life without microwave would be meaningless
LOOOOL they are getting so famous here it sucks
Put something in your window so we can find it and throw pebbles to get your attention.
I'll be 20 minutes, I go to the store.
Man, calling in day two. This blows. No money in the bank this week 👎
Casey Coleman has arrived at Miller Park.
Supreme Court denies Psystar's appeal in Mac clone case (Josh Lowensohn/CNET)
congrats man. Enjoy your time off and best of luck to you both
Omg omg omg freaking out!
#twitterpeopleIlove Well this is easy! I love everyone! <3
Now, response from chair Anders Walker. For Gillmer: links betw marriage bans in Wash. & US South? Status of common law marriage?
Carol just walked by with cute curls to much compliment from us all, she responded by saying... "Bouncing and Behaving!" New fav quote!
Leaving for NYC on wed a few meetings with some major people.. Get at me if you are looking for that industry sound like no other...
Again, "Monkeys, cats and dogs" does not imply that each is all. It means that there are all 3 present.
Heading to NYC to tape an interview w/ re: Muhal Richard Abrams, then on to & Bill McHenry at the Vanguard.
So since the #FloridaPanthers are done - I am now officially a fan for the playoffs - gotta root for the local team.
Underground Television is on the air!
another story for another time but LOLING at your text still
#LiesGirlsTellForAttention I play call of duty.
Make sure you fill out our Cinco de Mayo survey to win a cool prize like free Sopaipillas a week until Mexican Independence Day in Sept.
editing more #MichaelsMatch and uploading the second #ZimboFilms production onto withoutabox.
Ephesians 1:20 "[God] worked in Christ when he raised him from the dead and seated him at his right hand in the heavenly places,"
Want autographed Ray Lewis jersey? Buy a grape slush@ Sonic #Baltimore #Annapolis >proceeds go2 Ray's Foundation+ chance 2win jersey
When I asked my boyfriend what he meant by MMORP, he gasped as if I'M the nerd in this relationship. I better learn to play
Feeling weird... but T.G.I.F.!
Cablevision Falls After Discounting Leads to Cash Flow Drop - BusinessWeek
Eat balls, Philly
Thanks for the follow!
Offered to take along in the Specs van, but he said he'd rather fly.
glad to know.
lakers will not trade Bynum specially not for a guard
Oh hush. (but thank you!)
well u seem excited
Your so mean what can I say it's
nope. he doesnt even know Im alive, sadly..
#BieberFact Once when Justin was walking with Jazzy, the paparazzi came...so he picked her up and ran home... Aw justin <3
Paul Silas is fired? Color me shocked.
I agree!
super shoutout to for running AMAZINGLY fast PRs in the 400
Hopefully, what are the dates? RT: Thanks for the shout out Bianca! Hope to see you this October at the...
Now a dude with a 10 million dollar pool
Follow me so I can DM you.
Remember people tweets are just general statements that you feel a lot of people would agree on, like open opinions nothing personal
“Nothing in life is to be feared, it is only to be understood.” ~ Marie Curie
i am saddened :C
welcome to MIAMI Dolphins
not good!!!
oh, good! you guys owe some percentage of $56 to French Paper.
#superfan #DogTheBountyHunter I'm waitin for those famous words "Git 'er Leland!" :) Love you guys
When's spring break??(: #curious 😝
actually you yelled it as us but still ;-)
Come on! School isn't THAT bad! Check out our site for resources to help you out!
lol -___-t but really tho idk how to turn them on.
Growing tip: Give trees that were planted within past three years 25 gallons of water a week, equal to 1.5" of rain.
Merry Merry Christmas DALE
It's all good. All grain is intimidating as well as fascinating. Part of the allure and the reason I'm doing mini-mash!
#weightloss philly peeps/non philly peeps interested in a weight loss challenge contact me
me too!
Planet of the Apps presentation with Ben Henderson of Firefly Logic
Getting some outback for dinner :)
STAY TRUE TO YOURSELF BECAUSE THERE ARE VERY FEW PEOPLE WHO WILL ALWAYS BE TRUE TO YOU.
sucks for you guys. I got paid lol
One must never, for whatever reason, turn his back on life
Today is gonna be hell.
trying to determine if sleeping would be a better choice than going to optional recitation to see my extremely attractive TA.
Thanks King Craig!
i was just gonna tweet Cawl me
"The key is not to prioritize what's on your schedule, but to schedule your priorities." - Stephen R. Covey
watching packers at up north bar- I'm sure some sort of hilarity is to follow. TJay look alike in bears shirt. Should be fun!
I just made risotto by putting microwave rice in creamy soup. James Beard award, please. I'll be at my desk.
oh you crack me up everytime!
I was under a 3 month sublet
- so you know?
Oh crap. What have I just gotten myself into?!?!
. If you already receive emails from us, you're signed up for #reverb11! We have just one email list.
for real!!!
Also, we have to recognize that at the time of the Founding Fathers, they DIDNT KNOW SQUAT ABOUT AUTISM
right here! What up, man?
Last night was fun Af, & all I could think about was my Summer nights gonna b full of those
Quick fact about me: if I try to take pics of anything but dogs or booze they come out blurry.
please take this time to rest, pray and reflect on what's important in life. Wishing you a full recovery!
Damn Game 1 was that important. Series changer and this time it went the way of #OKC. Game 2 not looking good...
Crap. Need to take a final progression shot for my blog... Should have done that this morning
11 days until our big concert! I'll be staying close to my to-do list.
Calling all blogueros(as)! For a limited time we will add your site's feed to a category of choice when you create a Kuento profile.
you got skype?
I'm not feelin this! Got a wicked headache and I'm tired, but I'm tryin to do this workout
Spectacular, Amazing, Beautiful, Extravagant... just of few (could list many more) adjectives to describe the ESTATE!...
Several new shirts being added this month. Designs already made, just working on the final products!
I get sad cause I miss what we had, I feel angry cause you betrayed me, I feel hopeful in finding someone that will value me.
can't wait to get my haircut.
No, I guess I signed up for that obnoxious troll site and that's what I got...notices of who unfollows me. And I don't care.:)
HA! Clam Jam. This Friday. One night only.
Can't believe the layout would perform perfectly in some bad one like IE6... I'm saying this cuz I've found this problem a couple of days...
The loss of Borders has struck a blow against bored husbands on shopping trips the world over.
Waited most of the evening trying get correct versions of ruby and ruby gems installed on my MacBook to run spree. No such luck.
You are very right Steven. It is very important society give them a chance on a normal life!
trying to fill the void with material things is not acceptable.
Oh Friday how I love thee!
Says prayer for What kinda show is this she got me watching? *folds prayer mat for comfort*
Completed analysis of oil industry. All were quick to shame oil co. profits. Reality is they pay 3x their profits in taxes and rights fees.
They told me to sell my mothafuckin soul, I asked what's the budget...
I don't even care about flowers. 😒
Thanks for spreading the word!
It's almost been 4 hours, missin' and :(
Who sleeping in late 2morrow?
Marine Corps birthday today. Ooorah!!
Lmao you a fool man
Copycats! Rice University sold it's radio station and hid it from students MONTHS ago!
Everyone has a photographic memory. Some just don't have film.
No! I don't hate RobPat but don't want him as Finnick. RT : Robert Pattinson. Catching Fire. Finnick?! NO. NEVER. PLEASE NO.
you're welcome! I've really enjoyed your music. Neko's band was backing up Dylan...they are great!
that's too bad. maybe another time.
well how do you know me?! I go to Hayes so Uhm?!
Justin is so amazing referee if you agree
dudes, i just carved the ugliest pumpkin. oh well.
I wouldn't miss the whole state of Minnesota if it burned to the ground. Sorry, but it would be no great loss
Straight home after work! No exceptions!
SAT analogy for the day: Triple-wide strollers : sidewalk :: SUV's : Road
Due to the problems reported last night, this afternoon's matinee of EVITA has been canceled. Performances will resume this evening.
Goodnight 💤💤💤 especially
High 5s to the beloved #Starbucks team:
We're talking #Dolphins and #Heat on the show. Call Troy now at 888-640-9385. Watch him online at
I like the look of that desk, but it's not exactly a work desk. More like, pay bills by hand desk. Not enough surface area.
UUUUUUUUUGGGGGHHHHHH. Fuck you 2000 word essay and double fuck you to my 4000 word essay. I can't write either of you.
just found out about ! Welcome to mommydom. You make a beautiful mom and made a beautiful baby boy.
who calls that with 10 seconds left!!!
Wahhhh… I can't sleep, anyone know a good lullaby???
What a great day to be a mobile computer technician in
Likewise! Thanks for your artful moderation of the panel! RT : Great meeting you yesterday!
haha I have a sigma dp2 and a lot of times I can't tell the difference from it and my 35mm
haha most definatley!! i bout cried i was laughin so much!!
is the gayest kid i know
Hey Austin Look at my profile @ SuzyMahone6 please and thanx and tell if u like what i say
Can't wait!
Lol oh you done got aggressive huh? nothing I can't handle. You never Dm your #
Trevor put his foot on this beat!!!
// that's both a relief and a bummer
I was maybe 8, suburb kid, visiting the city for a party, saw kids break dancing to MCA still hear the music. Thank you.
I'll be up at 2 for fire watch mise well not sleep since I'm not tired
Moving on Monday. I can hear/smell Wrigley from the new apartment's deck. It is amazing. Anyone wanna help us move? 11am at our place.
Pretty good, was little stressed with finals. but I'm good :)
Thanks And outstanding job by you during today's webcast on #LinkedIn adult recruitment.
I feel like FAB brushed it off and the real topics weren't touched...outcomes=how can we as artist contriube past music
Happy Star Wars Day..... May the 4th be with you!
what's goodie!
Does anyone know a way to view the activity of that external applications that I have 'connected' to my twitter account?
with a $200 million payroll, they should be winning!
True. And isolated failures are easily absorbed. But it's insane that VCs are throwing good money after bad product.
GET IN THE WATER!!
uhh ohh Daniel's about to go on a tweeting frenzy.
Took a "me" day. Mani, pedi, movie, took a bath. Time to celebrate life. Cheers!
I think it could go either way don't you? I know you are a Stanford fan!!
just catching up on your feed, so happy that you've met a nice guy! This is beautiful!!
Today's BTU inspiration: "The mind is not a vessel to be filled but a fire to be kindled." ~Plutarch
Hamels is all business today. I'd call it practically impossible to break this guy. #LETSGOPHILLIES !! !!!
That awkward moment when you’re spacing out, and then suddenly realizing you’re staring directly at a guy.
These people on my bus get on my LAST nerves.
OK now lets see if he will show up. That guy is a joke.
Never look back. If Cinderella went to pick up her shoe, she wouldn’t of become a princess.
HUGE FURNITURE SALE !!! up to 65% off!!! www.tinyurl.com/elegantlivingfurniture
Sore throat and cough you're wearing out your welcome. You've been around for over a week. Ugh!
Listening To Christmas Love:)!, Christmas Music In January:)..,Love It. I LOve FOLLOW ME:)
"I've got one good leg, two good ears, and a bag full of memories!" - 96 yr old grandma
RT NCMO (Nik-Mo) (n): non-committal make-out. The term is widely used at BYU over the seemingly "dirtier" term "hooking up."
Everything is a two way street. Figure it out.
Calling ALL #WorldHistory geeks. What's a good name for a cup that represents World History? Aka "Stanley Cup"?
I love Fizzy Family <3 follow me please? 18
Long eur/jpy and Short crude
today is a beautifull day
“: combing my hair is not a good time”
One of my favorite quotes is by "U win some & you lose some. It's important to move on & focus on new goals down the road".
RT : Kids are losing the concept of innovation. Sometimes kids are more creative when #gaming than in the classroom....
WSJ: Facebook's Wall Street Tour Kicks Off - Wall Street Journal
I'm NOW accepting new clients! Message me if you're interested.
Our group's company pitch won OVERALL FIRST PLACE in our entrepreneurship panel! Dream team magic with Pooja & !
Just did a webinar. Just when I hit my stride someone else started talking and we couldn't mute him. At least he was talking about work!
got one from you
"Rednecks" - Randy Newman
This isn't really a show about Sasquatch people on , is it?
ready to shop and get my girls pretty as A Daisy for Easter bunny day
#IHungUpBecause I was with friends and decided to stop being rude by being on the phone
NO I'm DVR it cause I'm watching my Cowboys.
Visual Effects will probably be Hugo... #Oscars... Maybe I'll get one right...
My 11th grade English teacher Jesse Hawkins wrote on my paper, "You're a gifted writer. Considered journalism?" It made all the difference.
Just because I am nice to you...does NOT mean I'm flirting with you...
RT : Bucks win 107-98. Ellis with 30. He will now fry a steak on his right hand and eat dinner.
Watching and his sons as they become men.
Can I just spend the next sixteen days at home watching Doctor Who and then show up at graduation?
Happy #FF to a new follower. Thx.
Look out for the KOOP Radio table at Barton Creek Sq. Mall Farmers Mkt today till 1pm. Plz stop by and say hello!
hi darling!!
Well, good for you. You might want to keep that to yourself! You make me cringe. What happened to self respect?
Sad to hear about Whitney Houston such a tragedy
Exec Editor Dan Flannery will present first Shadid Ethics Award to Steve Lovejoy
love that restaurant. You have to try the tequila flight
YES! That's my man!
You always have to have a Plan B. I have free gourmet samples for ya!
Thanks or following me on tweeter and add me as friends! =)
#favmoviequote "You Can't Handle The Truth!"
back to the hotel. Gangsta.
damn. Just left the house w/out the card. Im such a mess! Hope you have a great date tomorrow!
Happy Monday! What do you plan to accomplish today?
And who is that?
If I was told I could only get my news from I'd have no problem with that.
smoking tea? Like in a pipe?
Congratulations to Cedric Golden of the Austin American Statesman - Best Sportswriter according to readers of the Austin Chronicle, and us.
NY Rangers played thru a Game 7, and won the next game. Lakers played thru a Game 7, then got torched. I guess this doesn't work in the NBA.
Thanks! We're so happy to be part of the neighborhood!
I would but I'd pretty much watch any race
Happy Groundhog Day? What is a Groundhog anyway?? A squirrel?
Fuuuuuuuuuuuuh, I know I shudnt have gotten involved with u again....
no problem, I will miss your imagines a lot though :(
After the third time you ask someone to repeat something and you still can't understand them, just nod your head and smile.
Holla at ya boy Sunday 2-6pm Scottsdale AZ Metro Park DJ DBX Come through...PEACE
Tom, I'm not too excited about severe chances for us. Dew points will be very low.
cool, are you coming in for sxsw / interactive? I'm sure I'll be hanging around town, so feel free to hit me up anytime
Love the support!
Working with Cole Williams album cover photoshoot today! :-) whop whoop
Wasn't he a bishop in the early church?
Celebrate earth day tomorrow at Beehive Co-op (1831 Peachtree). Green living tips and a gift for any customer who comes to the store.
You should watch it, lol. I screamed.
For those who say that one can't be successful and have anything they want in life is clearly mistaken.
Made my night!
Oh! #AvengingSpiderMan looks f'n INSANE good. That teaser OBC on the Marvel books is a great teaser for the book. Well done.
Rick Siskey – Bigger is not better, it’s just bigger.
a Swedish massage with medium pressure would be perfect with someone with MS
Pizza on jeans from last night bad idea
Playing angry birds while sitting on a toilet
"Young Guard Money Hogs" is our name
awesome movie :)
You & are cutest couple ever. Awww, thanks for keeping our Jason happy. Love you Jordin :)
I'm gud but thanks
1 week till school....
Kristin Lavransdatter has been on my to-read list for *years* ... maybe I'll get to it this year. ;)
there are so many things I would rather be doing then homework....
A very tight handle indeed.
#FF Thanks for the mention!!
#NameTuesday second worst day of the week!
Lol, skidded across the road and almost died. Good day.
thnx and cool I'm excited
RT : According to tattoos, “Douchebag” is a tribe with many proud members.
What do you mean you can't ask Siri? HA!
Perhaps create a consortium for small nonprofits a la early United Way/Community Chest fundraising model
when u done nigga
Facebook is a personal portable panoptic hybrid. The platform is disciplinary, yet UI is indicative of control.
Our new Creative Director for Polar Graphics started today! So far, he seems like a really fun guy!
alright, you eating cactus? WTH?
Shame on AP Political leaders.. who don't have minimum concern about children's safety in SCHOOLS...
thanks for keeping up with us!!! New cd in the works, will be available soon!!!
you don't have to do it all in 1 day! Plenty of time to plan! I say the most important would be booking the venue first
Who handles the money? How is it apportioned? Was this a GA-approved decision? Can you point me to more details?
": #GolsonforNDquarterback2012" haha what time is you game on?
Just saw #Americanreunion...it was hilarious. It's been too long since the REAL last one...not counting the straight to DVD flicks.
The Devil Wears Nada
Cartoons: The only place you can wear the same outfit every single day and nobody cares
Demands??????? Better to eliminate myself from the problem
Are Americans the only ones with seasonal foods?? #deepthought 🍔🍦🍜🍝
it's funny how you're lieing to Laci & being shady and going behind everyones back.
sure you do...
Do you have any business women specials. Like, for business women?
Coffee & pandulce for breakfast. I love my grandma :)
debunked ? You have been debunked as human being.
Keeping up with the latest food/diet trends is impossible because it changes week to week. Do the correct and healthy low carb diet
Off to & Chad's. When I asked what I could bring, Sam said my pretty face & a good joke. Hm I need a good joke & fast... ;-)
RT : In 47 hours and 7 minutes, Teddy's Burger Joint In Plainfield will be open for business.
that child WILL be made fun of.
rap to the end of time lets go
Are you ever going to follow me? Because I'm starting to lose hope that you will...:(
Need prayers and healings for Cousin Ray still critical has a fever, still on respirator, dialysis, kidneys not working, trying to wake up.
Follow Your Dreams Nd Listen To Ur Heart? ... Right Right
I've been twice. First time was awesome. Second time was ... odd. Food was good but the waiter was a weirdo. Good food and wine.
RT : If coffee is how you begin each morning, make sure you do it right. Support your local coffee shops.
Brendon finally gave me my fone back :))))))))))
justin are u still in new york?
Thank you Secretary for tweeting abt National Teacher Day! There are MANY teachers at BAA deserving thanks!
yea thats wassup!!! I ain't even going in expecting nothin I ain't lookin for no money!!! All I want them to do is expose my music.
I AM tired of seeing everyone with their couples
Almost stopped there last night. We were at the Norwin Slow club for a b-day party. Been wanting to check that one out.
M bacon. Bacon good.
I know they both r selfless :) They do everything for everybody else to protect everyone.
You gotta past and I do too, we're perfect for each other..
I have no circle. What so ever
Just finished a great quarter at school. Good luck to any and all still studying!
The guys @ my new job just bought a giant gong.Every time a milestone is reached in the company they r going to ring it. Lol Love this place
The way it should be lol
there might have been a one direction song I kind of...really...maybe enjoyed.
Cecily:.. that's why I have to wait until morning Me: *types ok but auto correct messed up* Platter. *notices mistake* I meant okay
Beautiful day to have something to eat on the patio Breakfast is served, lunch is coming up. Dinner-n-drinks tonight!
don't we all? You live & learn.
that's true. We just need to win 1 at okc. I hate getting blown out though
Who in the fort is going down to B-town this weekend?
So who else wants to win a Free Dell Laptop? Sweepstakes will choose a winner on October 7th.....Get yourself entered in now : )
Hanging out with my boys and watching golf #good times
I ate Snickers Ice cream and bacon lmao! I burnt the popcorn on accident. I might go try again....
Thank you! I really appreciate it. Glad to know people are out supporting #LAthtr !
never gone change
Suite six flo. S/O and
House civil unions bill sponsor says he's unsure if much will change in special session, but has hope for a vote.
TIL half that people in Milwaukee smell like McDonalds.
Do you really think you can talk to me like that?
is polishing rocks, cushioning hard places, and waiting for the sun to rise.
Check out The Blackstone Hotel, a Sage Hospitality property
slept in a bit this morning...making up for yesterday i guess. #swaggie XD
Wish I could do something creative today.
There's nothing better than good drinks with good friends. It's #thelittlethings!
glad we could help! Contact us anytime with questions
Sorry.....i don't speak skank
yush and I guess
“Success is not the key to happiness. Happiness is the key to success. If you love what you are doing, you will be successful.” -Herman Cain
came across your blog today and have to say its looking good . Keep on moving, no pun intended.
In science class, he is so boring ._.
User:Vuu51no97 - Wiki of Indian Statutory Laws and the precedencs ...
everyday! I don't know why he thought that was a good idea.
We are so ready for Karaoke tonight! What's everyone's favorite songs to sing? - Bryan
Pain is something that hurts underneath the covers of skin.
She always fucking ruins everything.
they're yours! Just DM your email and I'll send them to you.
Don't forget this Feb 19th is VintageReggaeWinterFest in Miramar FL
Wishing all of our students, faculty, staff and friends a most happy and blessed Easter!
your only as old as you feel...
thanks Mark. a shot in the dark off a few descriptive words, let me know if he has something else in mind.
get it girl. STUDYY!
.all of a sudden everyone wants those LOngass nails Rihanna has (-.-)
I thought i was the only one with Kardashian intolerance. They assault me at Kroger!
so hype,going2 Manhattan Sunday feels like years i haven't gone.....
He is! I bet he has followed her around before......
John Koskinen, Chief Economist at the Wisconsin Department of Revenue, seems uncomfortable with random sampling.
After all said is done those who gave the most Are forgotten thank God I'm only here for a season time waits 4no1Custer had a last stand.
is wowing us!!!
Who's tried the Black Iron?
we should try to meet up tonight !
not even exagerating my stomach looks like i'm mixed and just went tanning...
Funny and true!
Wow, Paper from is the most beautiful sketching app I've ever seen. If you have an iPad it belongs on its home screen.
lmfao. just snapped on my 3 year old sister.
At the athletic banquet (:
Until you respect yourself your a bitch in my eyes"
New song commin out soon to YouTube Soulja boy Zan With That Lean Cover ...I'll update you all wen my new single land..
Let’s go see if we can make this little kitty purr.
Re: spider silk tapestry. Correction: opens Fri 6/3. Through Oct. See it!
#Health #Tip: Got more work than U can handle? Resist the urge 2 skip lunch. Taking breaks increases productivity & lowers stress!
10:01 pm time for some Chirimoya and White Chocolate Cremeux, Salted Caramel, Dark Chocolate Clouds and Crispy Meringue.
Thanks Will put this to good use on my blog.
RJ won't be playing tonight. He is attending a funeral.
Glad to see Dirk Nowitzki win NBA title. In sports, some players earn their title long before they hoist a trophy. He's one of those guys.
a team found their first site for the event in #RVA We'll keep the updates coming.
If you're joking around, wasting time and thinking shit is sweet, you probably haven't been tested. Today, I was... and I'm still here.
I like it! Thanks! You all are fast as a flash!
“Work spares us from three evils: boredom, vice, and need” Voltaire
sounds good to me! Looking forward to hearing back! #hublife =
psshhh later kid
Today was definitely an exhausting day
": Every girl should know that she deserves a man to love her the way she's suppose to be loved."
Matty is behind the bar until 9 with 2-4-1 everything! Come on down....
$PVSP offers a feature-rich, low-cost, high-quality alternative to traditional phone services
Check out Coco Crisp's new pet!: ttp://www.fangraphs.com/not/index.php/photo-coco-crisps-new-do/
you read my mind. im wearing that today... haha
Had a great skype session with my students and Saundra Mitchell author of Shadowed Summers.
I only have one class tomorrow :-)
can I get you guys on the phone today?
I wish someone would take the "make my life more difficult" sign off my back!
I'm getting depressed I'd love to have hill here but I don't think we're going WR here
JAMES FORD RHODES (:
okay...I was I was good looking enough to be recruited by major firms who solicit adult natured at-home productions...lol
Oh stuart, I could go on for days about how priveleged the kids are now. Old person mode: engaged.
I gotta ask you all one thing: what if that supermoon hits your eye like a supersized pizza pie, is that still amore or a mess on the face?
A coward is much more exposed to quarrels than a man of spirit - Thomas Jefferson
it's true she is a master hacker!!!!
Thanks for the RT! Hope you'll be able to make it out for a #Coke soon :)
Hey Lords of the Wheel, why must you tempt me with really nice Corvairs for sale in the Chicago area? Saw a nice red 65 convertible today.
did you get my txt?
The challenge is when a league creates games after a team has already done so....
Acrl sharing future planning academic niche networking
STOKED! RT : getting ready to head up to pitt and visit for a few days!
what doesn't kill you makes me want to freak out beacause your not dead
Thank you... I appreciate the follow...
Wearing a dgk varsity jacket with chuck taylors while skating makes you look confused..
hey. not sure if I know you :p whats up?
Lawd I forgot about my cake for the weekend O_O *Calls cake lady*
Twitter, don't look at it as spilled juice. Look at it as an opportunity to clean up that mysterious brown dot on the floor near the fridge.
WHAT TWEETUP? WHY WASN'T I TOLD?
yeah, you can't tweet something like big without checking the facts!
One of the penalties for refusing to participate in politics is that you end up being governed by your inferiors. -- Plato
When we look for the good in others, we discover the best in ourselves. ~Martin Walsh
KOMO-TV 4 at my home here in Portland... More cameras at PDX tomorrow... Producer in CA talking movie.
Lots of good pictures of the structures out there...may have been captured in the 1920 census, too.
anything TW goes=)
foundation - donated $13 million, match hours & dollars, volunteer teambuilders
We... Brave and Cubs lose. I think I will drink to that tonight. :)
If my music video made you laugh retweet it! I love you guys! Http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2U_Nm0nOTro
based on that size, I wouldnt be suprised if it could see the future.
Woke up with about 33 texts on my phone. All from twitter.
we must do ALOT better, no excuses for that kind of hatred, very sad
Looking for full time, part time or contract work. Please let me know if you have any leads! Much appreciated! Thanks!
Bobby Steele played on my amp once. It was pretty awesome.
Anyone doing the #PolarPlunge this Sunday in #Muskego? If so, text PLUNGE to 35350 for updates/last minute info! We'll be there with prizes!
We are very excited that owner Regis will be taping a segment for Sustainable Today TV! Stay tuned for broadcast times.
Oh dear.
but u know to me the #baddestchick was always the one I was with
OMG YOU GUYS I GOT KICKED OUT IF SCHOOL TODAY!
#nowplaying War --Summer.  I will never get tired of this song or War :')
Omg i have marta buses honking at me now -_-
A Sid without Geno is hardly a Sid at all:)
Aaaaannnnnndddddd the basketball tweets have started flooding my TL again............
Yes RT #mlamobiletech our IT prefer iOS over Android b/c there is too much variability w/n that OS for hosp security and support.
GOIN IN ON DIS RACKED UP SHAWTY!! S/O TO MY TEAM!!
I should have second breakfast more often.
Happy Mother's Day to the most amazing woman in my life. I owe everything I am to you.
yes! By 1 point. Rondo steals the inbound but C's couldn't get a shot!
Show me love, cause I thought it was all I needed"
Oh and I love my cat.
good game tonight, keep up the good work!!!!!
Fan me on a hot day...
Destroying rainforests for economic gain, is like burning a renaissance painting to cook a meal....
Sixers can win this tonight!
The first version is really just a test and then we will move into a more complex and well designed site. In any case, hope u enjoy for now.
The school I work for is up for re-accreditation next week. How am I preparing? Playing on Facebook.
I don't even know. I found a picture of Talladega Nights doin' the "shake and bake". Lol.
would love to see you & mix it up! Would make for exciting & bloody matchup!
Follow back cute :)
Everything popular is wrong. - Oscar Wilde
Author incentives: common advertising, usage logs for all authors.
So I leave at 10am tomorrow and I still need to wash all of my clothes and pack...
hey baby ¡¡¡ you're very pretty . What is your secret to always be perfect? ;) contest please
I typed 'dern' and it corrected it as dermis. da fuck is a dermis?
What's up with all the cops around? Its just rain
late nights with you 💜
Boston was built out in the 1800s but a city built in the last 50 years can't keep the lights on for system upgrades.
A few days ago, I ride in a helicopter for the first time. It was an experience.
Amen to that. I've checked out. I'm over it. Meh. I never want to see Miller's face/hear his voice ever again.
Wynn Board Concludes Investigation of Okada after Receiving Freeh Report Detailing Numerous Apparent Violations of the FCPA.
Whatever, just whatever
Hey Detroit, I guess I need a job....
Pjs on, Christmas lights lit, the final Harry Potter film about to play and my tissue box is at the ready.
>>> I got a track for you... That I want u to get on
drop-in from your room window.
Lebanon, PA is on showtime right now. We did the audio post on this movie... is an awesome director!
They're making Battier look like a low post All Star. This is so painful to watch.
We're excited to have you on board! Hope and you make it all the way to New York for the !
"A smile means something different in my country. Ya know, tears of joy a smile of sadness."- Raj
At least you don't have to worry about covering your own name.
new word of the day: #twackling thanx Brian
KUUUUUUU....oh my bad. Yeah, too soon. RT : KUHN! What? Too soon? Yeah, okay. Too soon.
I have loved you for a thousand years, I will love you for a thousand more.
really lee... smdh
I'm considering using Flash for a new project. It's a good fit in this case, but I'm sorta embarrassed to use it for anything these days.
WHAT IS THIS SONG???
ok I goin weh the tv
giving her a dozen roses, 11 real and 1 fake, say I will love you until the last rose dies.;)
Me n my brotha tryna figure where to go drank
First: myspace: with drama and little kids Then: Facebook: ruined relationships, trifelin hoes Now: Twitter:stingypeople tryna be known
Nice #Drupal site. I really like Omega in it's HTML5 / Responsive iteration.
Is it ok if we DL some of the flickr pictures from #AirAustin? I see that they have "all rights reserved" for the photos.
Fml! i woke up at 5 today and im on spring vacation!
Received final approval to use the House of Steep trademark today!
Who says Sunday can be a FUNDAY! Come to Longworths!
And only Louisville native Ralph Beard had more career victories at UK by a native Kentuckian than Maysville's own Darius Miller.
I would like to see the lane family ASAP let your pops know
FRIDAY THE 13TH is always my lucky days for sum reason!? guess when ppl have bad day i have a gr8 day!? embrace the day!?
Wishing everyone a FABULOUS St. Patrick's Day Weekend! How are you celebrating?
The more patient I am with this girl, the more I'll get to see it develop into something great rather than rushing it and watching it fail.
's team Is great but its hard to focus on them when she keeps looking so hot.
Your welcome
oh are we gonna have sexy time dom? No right? :p
we don't have any -.-
Maybe its pic time :p
I dont go the ac..& Prob the same ppl as usual hoopin at the y
Naw, discussing dinner plans.
That's awesome!
#good #morning .
hey welcome to twitter casey. also i am iamsporty657 on youtube, please follow me back. :)
HeLLo RT : ": Your support has been amazing. To my design & creative team & ...
Its so nice outside :3
awwh!! No problem! “: Hey beautiful thank you for following me! :D”
Just signed on to represent Comodo's line of info security solutions. More details to come next week.
If you're going to wear sweatpants in public, at least have the decency to tuck in the pockets.
All you Carmona supporters: Do you REALLY support someone who would caucus with Harry Reid? REALLY? Get real.
So inform me then.
Breaking the day into 2 hour blocks to get through things. 1st block down, here's to accomplishing much in the 2nd.
I love rock n' roll, So put another dime in, The jukebox baby.
"How could you do this to me? You got my hopes up so high then mugged and shot them in a alley way!" haha oh Holy Musical B is hilarious
See, Scott's point proved once again. Another beautiful conservative woman! ;-)
Props to you ladies:) Not only are you hiking the entire #PCT but boated n biked from the east coast. What an adventure:)
no way! That's crazy man. Your group?
#InCaseYouDidntKnow You Cant Trust Everyone You Meet .
[again]... Still awaiting the video on
SHE LYING SHE PUT THAT BECAUSE I PUT THAT
Logan or Dupont Circle!
says he will sign scholarship bill (single sales) if it gets to him but predicts passage will b difficult.
Those ninja moves you make when you go through a spiders web.
ewwwwwww, you said y'all..
Housee Party!!!! Crazier than our old ones Do-Do! Dude my phones dying but for real I miss you & you should be here!
that great bro so wyd
Good morning Marc, thank you so much for the RT!
Chinese New Years at tonigh! With ! Check out our work! See you tonight!
RT My city was so poor growing up that Planned Parenthood was just a bicycle without a seat.
Whoa. Principal Belding.
I've never heard that before. Worth a try LOL
I was woken up this morning by police pulling some kid out of the dumpster at White Cliffs in Dover New Hampshire...I think he robbed IRVING
Um who did I talk to recently that totally called Jessie's Girl being a song on #Glee this season!
woke up today and noticed that myphone was turned off. So no alarm -_- and now i just notice i forgot my folder uhh
Wow I just went into another world!
The Singing Bee rocks out again tonight at 8pm/7central. God only knows what I'm singing tonight, but you bet your butt I'm enjoying it!
All i wanna know girl what you name is :)
Nothing splendid has ever been achieved except by those who dared believe that something inside them was superior to circumstance.
My Twins! Of course!
There were 2 (kits? pups?) the other night coming out of their den. But they weren't raccoons so I didn't let them in my car
Methinks the #Twins deadline acquisition of Cabrera (.385, 8 RBI last 9 g) is paying big dividends! 1 game back!
oh ok
#wmata psa's are way too loud, too frequent, often irrelevant, sometimes misleading and wrong. please fix that to make trips less annoying.
Congratulations on the Pulitzer! WOW. Incredible storytelling with detail, emotion, fluidity. Thanks for writing her story
Wirtschaftsblatt? Yes, Austria's Business Daily just named The Secret of Teams to its Top 10 English Business Books list. Danke Schon!
congrats!!! Great play!
me too(;
I don't like the Minnesota Vikings, but it would hurt the if they left.
New show announcement! Playing Continental Club-Houston on July 9th! Hope to see many of you there, more details when we get them.
will u change where live on here?I don't want u to move to miami I want u to stay in San antonio alex needs u and we need u
lets go
this puppy keeps biting my toeeess! ouch!!!
PiG on tHe PaTio, sounds like summer in Philippines
Pimps don't cry.....
Really liking the new Xbox 360 Dashboard update
is headed to #dh2012 ! And and I will be evangelizing at #dhsi2012. Takin' it to the streets.
I'm good haven't talked to cody in a while tho :(
recorded with sarah quintana today. she is lovely and the world will be a better place with the release of this album. Ingrid Lucia too
why are you up? isn't it like two days from now where you are?
damn bored as shit, need someone to talk to
I'll probably be there around 11, so don't leave with mah cookies.
in the booth going crazy on this blow yo mind track
let us know how it goes!
if you ask me I'm ready
I Think its That and the MB Project
Where in the hell is
remember P.U.N.K.S ? Yeah it's on Netflix, I'll prob watch it tonight.
Woo! Nice going, mama!
I wanna have my own ranch and horses and shit but I also wanna live on the beach... Hmm
congrats on the new professor title. Well deserved.
if i had a dollar for everytime i think about u id be richer than bill gates:)
I hope I'm not getting sick
Time doesn't wait for you
she trains all the dogs that pass through my house to respect cats. Her nickname is the Queen of Sheba
FOLLOW STM ON TWITTER
hit me wit a follow mayne i gotta dm u.
when i cop the cd ima need a signed joint
Glad to see the #Bruins not letting down after making the playoffs. Still need to lock up 2nd place. Great spread of goal scorers/lines.
I can't even count the amount of times we locked ourselves out of our own house.
I'm totally down!!!!!. Ain't nothing gonna stand in my way lol
I see (hear) you rocking on big bro!! #cmonSon #90s #HipHop RT
* ,the out bursts of laughter in the middle of class
1st 6 wks are roughest. Hang in there. Sleep as much as possible *while* baby sleeps. 4 months is reward time: gurgly smiley...
"My body's calling for you" !
Thanks! That made my day! :)
You know you're old when you chuckle at the thought of being awake for a Midnight screening.
I get excited every time I'm alerted of a #JuicyCouture sale, and then I get disappointed when I realize it mostly consists of the velour.
My hotel in dc is just next to the. offices. I feel like.i should go in and have a talk with them about user interface.
oops. that last one was a retweet of rick's tweet
Dear autoincorrect, when referencing the Cubs, I'd appreciate it if you could kindly refrain from changing 'ew' to 'we.' Regards, Lauren.
It really pisses me off when someone is pumping gas and leaves their radio playing wide the hell open
Also, sat next to WWII Vet who was very encouraging re my WWII historical novel idea. :-)
WHEN IS MY KITTY READY? I WANT IT NOW
Whatever we put our attention on will grow stronger in our life. -Maharishi Mahesh Yogi
WAIT. Is she going on as Marilyn or DREAM Marilyn?
Get money , my nigga . Do good with ya people !!
He cleared the sheet, and was free to return, slightly downhill now, along the halyards to the mast
Dude, I can't wait. Happy Birthday, g.
I've tried to live without you...but tears fall from my eyes.
Access to an outlet is definitely a major status symbol. You win.
He posted it on his facebook a little while ago (: -Kayla
