I'm about to type things that drive m crazy or things that I hate
I can't even tell you the number of tweets I give up one before sending because I can't condense it it 140
Everybody talks but not everybody listens
Thanks for the retweet, Christine!
Hello AZ! For all those dads out there, drop by Lovesac today for $50 off and a free Sport Utility Cover!
go go power rangers >:D
hahaha yea good call
Pack a lunch! I don't go down easy ;-)
We are looking forward to our Jan. Meeting. RT : #ambientfindability + #smartthings = YES
loved seeing u last night!
Thanks for sharing!
I FORGOT ABOUT HER
I know. :3
is pretty good.
Skate session at the school..
#HollywoodPersonalTrainingwithAJ Tomorrow's training sessions include of
we missed you!!
when you coming back to the league big man?
Exciting things are happening at #VivreMusicale so stay tuned! for #bigannouncements!
with a smile on your face :-)
Don't forget to pick up your free copy of the 2012 Polity sociology catalogue at lunch today
"Ferdinand the Bull" b/c U are who U are & you have to remember to stop & smell flowers
Sixteen stories I'd rather burn than fall
Tkank you brother
Me too. Its been a while RT : I wanna play some Guitar Hero
Oakland pressuring here at the beginning of the third, trying to fins that important first goal.
That's great news! The Brewers Bar was the first baseball blog I ever read regularly.
misses the old #OldSpice guy, the one before Fabio.
MB were awaiting for that moment and preparing for more than 80 years. That is why they want elections in Egypt to be NOW
sex on a period.
On fucking Mars
her book idk if ur fam. know them she is the wife of Sao
Possibly to see the hats? haha RT : Interesting..“: Kentucky Derby audience was 51% female.”
I don't know where I'm standing right now, I don't know if I can trust you & I don't know if I should
Going back through all the old voicemails you've left me >>>>
RT UK to take champ trophy on tour thru out the commonwealth. knowing passion of folks, we think that is a great idea
Skype is gay.
We're taking your trivia questions on the Sporting Explore app. You'll get extra points if your question is selected!
Wanna Join the Vision team?!?!? Bartenders, waitresses, and bottle service girls send your photo and resume to
asks "What core beliefs are so central to your organization that you wld never cross them?"
The brother of the dead two year old told officials the two of them ingested gas.
Even then shows were archived but you needed Real Player or Windows Media Player. Which better, No Holds Barred or college?
Someone told me today ... Aahh this Chicago weather- it's like a woman! You never know how they're going to be the next day
was going to start from the queen's castle, but i think i'm going to start from the beginning! i hate the island tutorial level tho
May 21 is the last day to register to vote in San Diego. Please excercise your right. It's a privilege!
This better be who i think it is...
I'm already prepping for April Brew's Day this Saturday evening at the Farmer's Market. You're coming, right?
Very important to worry about what others think
Can't stop crying when I listen to #TurnToYou. sings with so much love, it's hard not to get emotional.
": New York, dinner w/Bevy, FINO group, twin, lol" < I figured that!!! I didn't see any glasses. Lol. U look Amazing!!!
News Woods's return to glory will have to wait for at least one more day Tiger Woods returned to the PGA Tour on Thursday wi
Booking our trip to Vegas for Angela's bachelorette!!
im wandering around getting free samples, hope to run into you!
Beez in the Trap.
After last night.. Im just tryin to chill today
I always hold off on tweets because I want to have something to actually say, but then I see the rambling stream of consciousness on my feed
#seniorconfessionhour I hate everyone at school
Being in a tribute band is like saying "I'd like to be a rockstar but I am lazy and lack originality, so I'll steal someone else's act"
if i get a ride, i will definitely be there any more near indy soon?
The quick answer: for very coarse hair we recom the 707 classic extensions. The 701 are very fine to men textured hair! :)
And hey, if C-3PO supports WQED FM, shouldn't you? We would love to keep bringing you great music like this. Please call 888-621-6900
Hey, those pants allow for a full range of movement.
you made it halfway through the week congratulations I'm proud of you
Thank you, Can you please help me make a list of the right people to ask? Happy Friday!
I'm glad you're doing well (sorry about the injuries). You, too. I'll be writing tonight or in the morning.
(Goodmoring) -RT: to say it back
it's all good, she wasn't the one. God has other people planned for me in life
How badly was Hernandez hurt ? Anybody know ?
Great night of music with at Waltz Astoria!!! My favorite songwriters!!!
The mcrib could help with barfing in the lavatory
Let me know If your band needs any photos or video!
Crankin' up the Chuck Berry as I prepare to hit King Sooper's. Nothing like a lil' Chuck Berry to clean yer slate and fuel ya up!
Glad we could warm you up today! :)
Why should i even waste my time responding to foolishness.
Crazy nice punt
rematch tmrw queers! time for another BALK OFF
#Weightloss and #fitness #motivations can include self-esteem. What motivates you?
been a long day
I am quite unappeased by appeasement bars.
ok i got 6 new followers
Illinois need to drive to the hoop and keep drawing fouls!
#Clinical Analyst. #Perm spot w/ Center City Health System. #Soarian installation required. Referrals encouraged and paid!
I know:( the episode ended with him completely covered in blood from being beaten up!I was shocked when the producers came in
you luv pussy. Fantastic.
Whitney Houston was an amazing talent... R.I.P.
I think he would do very well...I wish he would run.
Stop by when? I went to bed last night because I had work this morning && now I'm just about to make it home.
When I put God first, He helps me with all my other priorities. ~ Al Hartley
Anybody goin to butter 2 nite 2vip tables drinks on us come talk we talk back
It was great to see check in last week!
If the Rays were gonna take this one it was when they had 2-0 lead. No way this lineup can produce THREE more runs (at least).
Hey awesome drawings I especially like the Spawn and Court of Owls; Talon Drawing
ok I wanted to make sure lol
Hope Your Weekend Rocks! Our Apple A Day Giveaway Continues Tomorrow at 7 & 7:30!
I'm sorry to break this to you, but dinosaurs are cooler than you.
Happy Halloween
Wait what'd Ari do :0?
Life is set up to bring you every needed situation in its own right time.
It is never right to do wrong. It is never wrong to do right. - Robert Flatt
Florida is the 4th LEAST peaceful state in the country. Not surprised
i love your icon :D
Just got to the Crowne Plaza Hotel & Resort gonna #ustream the hotel in couple minutes.
I'm a just put the tip in
Damn my Lakers are 0 and 2 in the series
I think the belt shirts are #beltworthy. They look good!
You volunteering to host? Also, beer?
Question of the Day: "So, who's your boyfriend?" Well if I wanted you to know I would've told you by now. Only my close friends know.
just wait til android users get the app.
It's moving time...
I caved... I'm back for a while.
No longer using an iPad; but when I briefly did, GoodReader, was (is?) the best PDF app I'd ever used on any platform.
In 2010 student loan indebtedness surpassed credit card indebtedness.
I think a session is well overdue... make it happen!
MAN I want to get laid right
Hey guess what MKE Parking Enforcement? I can park on the other side of the street again! #NoMoreWinterParkingRegulations Booya!
Cutting & pasting into #Google #translator doesn't make you #bilingual, it makes you sound dumb.
whose side are you on anyway!?
Most poorly timed lawsuit of all time?
I like using our app's built-in foursquare to know what's around wherever I go. Great way to discover new places and hidden gems!
Must have rolling bag with the full rotating wheels, best travel invention ever!
Go back to being a train wreck Britt... This new you is pretty terrible.
StumbleUpon Offers Groups & Blogs Export Options Prior to Shutdown
trust me. Me and Mad ALWAYS have a good time ;)
Was this for grad or undergrad students?
look at mine.
lol i guess and i was high
Dear people younger than me, STOP GETTING MARRIED.
#Ward5se If you want a candidate that lies about corp. bundling, has limited policy experience, and is beholden than vote
Good night world wow I wish I had a winter formal :(
Yep. Ridiculous.
Believe in
Here at the #wbagala with Go team !
I've got class at 4, but I'll think about it..
I find them attractive.
Have you ever read Assassination Vacation by Sarah Vowell? I think you'd thoroughly enjoy it.
do you keep a record? I'd like to be that kind of person.
THANK YOU!
Best wishes...
hahaha thanx!!! I just had to have the mustache :D And I don't see you as the stalker type :P you too cool!
follow back
Awww :) REST always seems to make everyone more comfortable....yuk yuk
When your watchin tv and eatin then the UNICEF commercial comes on <
I wish!
PAUSE-faith friends and family. Pastor Miles shares on Fox5 about Junior Seau at 735.
hence the need for the streetcar so less people get towed from autozone...
"Was it hard when you learned to English?" -some kid in my math class.
middle of an abandonded barn in the middle of ghost country
that kids smart! :P haha
should probably do something about those 103 app updates
#kcroyals beat the angels 6-3 and the galaxy got beat by 1-0. #kc made all of #la their bitches today!
Feeling good! Progress on the new me has begun!
Thanks a lot! You too! I felt like the presentation went really well.
double chocolate makes for double happiness, glad you found your baking mojo!
Deputies issue silver alert: 72-year-old DeBary man returning from Orlando in ... - Headline Surfer
what would you do if someone broke my heart ?
Trying to make some difficult decisions.
... This is wonderful! Great energy!!!
Happy Birthday, George Calrin.
thanks a million for the follow
why you take it off so quick?
So tired!!
Goal of the day: good posture at day long seminar
Note to self: attend SXSW in 2013.
cool. where is it - nyc?
it don't help that she pregnant Smh
I too wondered how jalen rose felt to have 81 dropped in his grill by kb24 LOL now I know
spend shift 4: block party capitalism, consumers focus on supporting local businesses.
I don't think any female can compare to the amazing friendship and I have <3
“: morning Dex:-)”Hello, how's it going?
“: "Boonies with my goonies" - ” "Bitties and brews, kush and Coach"
I've caught you on the radio a few times a year-never knew your name-finally found you-awesome work!
gracias Stephen “: I miss Happy mothers day!!!!”
Great keynote by Jennifer Pahkla & glad and I got here extra early for #sxbourdain session
Missiles away!!!
"Boyfriend" by Justin Bieber is pretty catchy. Hmm.
HECK YES & you're defffffffff coming with me <3 but hey what are you doing the 19 of may?
when did it get to be 11?!
Thank u god for keep me safe
Best of luck to #terrencemalick tonight at the #Oscars for
RT : A typical #Pisces characteristic is their creativity, & their ability to make something out of nothing.
Much thanks to the spicy folks for playing my tune last night!
*dinging sound* *kissing sound* *champagne pop* *champagne bubbles*
joking. Where is that sense of honor we've all come to love?
Good morning everybody. Have a good one :-D
that is a terrible comparison
Better than a thousand hollow words, is one word that brings peace.
SWAG = Saved With Amazing Grace
Just found out classroom set of Chromebooks are on their way!!!
the has awarded Ohio $161,000 so more farmers' markets can accept EBT cards
Dodged tornado bullet in NE Kansas but a steady 24 mph wind, gusting to 40+, has blown all day and continues into the night. No complaints
God is AWESOME!
I'm gong to ! So excited!
round 2 is march 18 at the landis theatre in vineland new jersey !
Missing Milwaukee
Think about all the bad bodies out there and then reconsider that last tweet LOL
Can't believe #Chargers lost this 06 Playoff game vs #Patriots. Totally outplayed em but couldn't convert on opportunites.Feel bad for them.
There are 2 types of people from my church that I don't want to see in a swimsuit: those who don't look great in a swimsuit & those who do.
Michael Douglas turns 67 today. Did you know he was the producer of One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest?
E2onair Gospel Music Time. Check it out
I really wish would follow me, please!
"all the portly people, where do they all come from?"
y rnt u havin shots o tequila 4 Cinco de Mayo? Y don't u come 2 Chicago u'd look better in red njoy ur summer
pest control man actually sprayed ON the cat's food. that's why i like to be here, i want to say "just give me that and i'll do it."
* GRAND OPENING OF FLASH FRIDAYS @ ROYALE BOSTON T O N I G H T * Don't be left out...
listen, man, we were happy to have X-Men figures at all!
HAHAHAHAHA. im so embarrased, but i have to admit it was the funniest thing ever!
thank god for basketball and soccer but I do miss football foreal
Belichick Chokes on 4th Down again!
Dubois: "we (ie #Comm_College) need to step up&save the middle class we helped create"-Laware forum & Boston Foundation Report release
Can't you golf and play guitar on the iPad? Seems like an easy choice!
Wow Obama does not actually anser any questions he just tiptoes past them
IT'S NEW MENU DAY AT THE B!!!! We have Grassfed Beef, Brown Butter Rabbit and the B Veggie, and all new toppings and sauces!
Cara read me a little Faulkner last night. It started to seem very weird that he's the "kill your darlings" guy. It's all over the place.
cause you're in my brain!
Midlakes Basketball: Biggest game of the season tomorrow night.
Watching jersey shore
I would die (on TEMPLE RUN!) for you."
Airon T. Reyes~ Love cant be proven until you both die loving each other.
Have you checked out Ten Palms yet? It is 5 star trackside dining, featuring a breathtaking view of world class racing!
congratulations! Dammit, my "you don't have to read every tweet" policy failed me.
looks like no triple play tonight--service outage here in center city
well obviously thts y we gnna win the title
goat cheese kulcha? *drools*
Nicole Richie is ugly.
Getting up at six to go to a zoo in boston<<
did u get any???
Spring is coming...you should probably put down the cookies and pick up your dumbbells
Zach. Is a beast.
Lost my wallet. Proving my identity's been painful in all cases except Chase Bank, who gave me my money for an acct # and a smile. Scary.
it will be 20 yr on 4/4/2012 of being with your girl carol you saw me how to grow up into a real man i think you
My trusty #foodallergy travel snacks: dark chocolate, trail mix, peanut butter Larabars!
And I told him to kiss my ass. Later.
Is your major gift program an uninventive "Friends Circle" or have u given it a name that echoes who u r?
Thanks for the follow, Pastor Kip! I hope to inspire you with my tweets.
That moment when you remember DRAKE started playing a guy in a wheel chair on dagrassi :P before being a singer
hot then you're cold
Help im unemployed!
Guy I passed around midnight last night in Los Feliz, to his two friends: "It's like a potpourri night. Everything's on the table."
Be the first to answer this question correctly and win a oil change. Question ..what company is the world's number one tire manufacturer?
oh my god, look who took the plunge...
the only reason i can't swim is becasue im scared of water...im not weird okay? :(
I love your twitter profile pic!! :) how've you been old friend?
dude are u remember me? We play togheter on Unsilenihgt in Dallas, i am from Euoep, today i sent mail to Nanuk to u come play
back up in tha spot ! come through. ask me for address if you need..
RT I wish I hadn't agreed to going to the Tate now. I want a movie marathon with fresh popcorn & litres of diet coke :(
True dat. RT If you're brave enough to say good bye, life will reward you with a new hello. ~ Paulo Coelho
lol! He woulda been so confused! "Trevor the what? Who?!" Free advertising!! Lol
I tend to agree with Hitchens about M.T.
Be a person of impact today. Make a difference!
I can not figure out what email I used for my acct! My iPhone just keeps me logged in.. Help?!?!
Thank YOU for listening to ! We appreciate you!
At #SMWmiami and listening in to the Zen & Art of "Checking-in" panel!
whats up with the Shops at Georgetown "mall"? it's a ghost town in there.
RT : DAMN IT miss U 2 <- Awe, U R Sweet! Only 3 more days until Z-Day, then Christmas, Hong Kong, and #CES!
I think I would've liked "The Tree of Life" more if it'd had more dinosaurs. Or was perhaps all dinosaurs.
is there a place to nurse a baby in the Northborough store?
How many 13-year-olds working at foxconn did it take for Apple to sell that many iPhones last quarter?
Just got off the phone O_o I'm about to be tired as fuck tomorrow.
Sitting at the train station in a suit. I feel like an actual adult!
": To enter Heaven, God must enter you - but don't worry, God's love hasn't gotten anyone pregnant in thousands of years."
No more pain would be great!
True, true. But again - Colts lose Manning, and wheels came completely off the bus. Seems to be same as Bears situation.
I can't wait till summer! 
. I am so jealous! Really wanted to go. is one of my favorite podcasts!
Happy you all enjoyed that one, we did too
Have not tweeted in awhile
you can take the boy out of Clearwater, but...
I don't think I can do much with that one. The lady-dog was kind of uppity. I remember asking her if she was actually a cat.
thought so.
Michael is hating life since I've been making him sit here and watch it for 3 hours.
ha...perhaps...followers gain and regularly tweet to determined now .night last seminar media social a attended i #ashwednesday happy
aight..no doubt
So Sunday Funday continued.. 😍
Really not excited about studying and finishing a paper this week
Happy St. Paddy's Day!!! Enjoy being Irish for the day even if you aren't.
I agree with you completely that Palestinians have rights and lots of Israelis believe that Israel must do a better job on that.
RT : God I hope the word Twitter doesn’t end up in my obituary.
ew i hate everyone. people really piss me off. Never leaving my room!
do u have anything new. No samples though?
dwiggins: It just keeps getting better! Take a look at this, infopros: From Tech Crunch -Tweet Screencasts With Screenjelly #slail #slak ...
they only call games when there are 6 NBA players on 1 team
I'm about to drink a LOT of terrible coffee
great day for the phillies today, it's 105, no excuse for the padres if they don't wear the camaflauge, i can never spell camouflage right
Happy Monday!! Have an excellent week full of creativity and inspiration!
looking up!
": the bulls aren't a 1 seed w/o rose? But the spurs were still a 1 seed w manu w 1 elbow & Tim w a bad ankle & mem was a true 8?"
Hey Sam, just noticed your new handle, congrats on the gig with baseball prospectus! Hope all is well.
That's easy to remember! I will definitely look them up! Thanks for the heads up hun!
She Gone End Up Gettin Her Ass Beat
--> what??? Sleeping in ur car? I'll share my big ass bed with u :)
Back in Chicago. no more abuse of coffee and pomme frites.
that's BS. Fenway is historic, not trashy!
You sicken me
“: #tragicmoviedeathsJames Caan as Bryan in Bryan's Song”woops! Brian. What was I thinking !
"have you seen a Bassoon? That thing is sexy" -Ray Noon
Join my team! www.tinyurl.com/2011WisconsinChallengeWalk
Clever!Sean Duffy distracts from salary-related shennanigans by signing on2 PittsLetsWomenDie Act. Psbl to alienate entire district in 1 wk?
Fast pace. Like to have many conversations at once.
sex makes you crazy when you have me in it, wanna see?
True RT : . over 90% of tech articles are just press releases / marketing / link bait- startup market deserves some real journalism
I was named Jocelyn when I was born to nickname me Jolly; no one liked it so @ 3 mons changed my name to Nora!!!
You never mess with a bros ex girlfriend. EVER. That's
I hate to tell you this, but once you follow me on Twitter, you're not allowed to unfollow me! Unless you're a spammer, then by all means..
oh we have our share of NIMBYS too
Very possible.
Can I help you find your home you want to buy, or see.
Y'ALL, OMG LETS GET THE KARDASHIANS AND JENNERS TO TELL ME HAPPY BIRTHDAY.
Political tweets get u unfollowed. Miss me with that
Just got a call In the storms will be sent out to secular clubs per request of a guy in NJ who saw Godz Messenger I A P
It's Never too early to begin preparations for the holidays RT I ordered a giant oven today. Giant.
Not a bad tweet to read when you scroll to the top and have no context.
You are quite welcome! : )
I'm limiting myself to 30 tweets per day, which will start today. 29 more to go.
The Coastal Survey at War: NOAA&#39;s Charting a Perfect Union | To ...
In the spirit of celebrating things extremely late like little brother, I plan on having Christmas dinner tonight!
Baltimore theatre is about to blow up with the help of !!!
RT : New study: Best evidence yet that all infants should be screened for congenital heart defects using pulse-ox...
Thanks , I rocked it. :D
i know skateboarding is a mind thing bcuz i jus saw a nigga do a grind dwn a handrail and tre flip with his hands it was fuckin art
Tyler Posey I love you with all my heart,can you answer at least once,or follow Please!!!;)
Home in my own bed and cant get to sleep. Didn't sleep well at the hotel in Chicago either. Good thing this is a short work week.
: Crazy thing is...a friend I hadn't seen in 18 yrs asked if I had one. I LOL'd.
I'll be over there all the time since 1201s is officially closed
Suburbs is great for just about any task in life.
Watching The Curious Case Of Benjamin Buttons(:
No wait, I can believe that from him.
Michael, thanks for adding our story to your "Twitter Daily Journal" Have a great week!
Day #2 of the eBook sale for #Nook and #Kindle! Alan's best #thrillers for $1.99 and his new Karen Vail short: Fatal Twist!
Isn't that ironic..
: Bawww. Wait. So you're saying that it's not dumb to equate Chief Wahoo with Notre Dame's Fighting Irish logo?
I really love dirt sundaes
Kotchman has a damn fine glove at 1st base!
It's a beautiful morning at the St. Philips farmers market!
are you in the living room?
Any one watch "our america" on OWN with lisa ling? Most beautiful news/documentary photojournalism I've ever seen. stories are amazing too.
#SinonimosDePuta Los Raiders
holy crap
C'mon; how much trouble can you get into at Whole Foods? On second thought: never mind....
sometimes I wonder why I drink so much beer, then I pull my dick out from my Brita filter and realize I am hammered
S/o to my boys and for reviving billy a d bringing him back to life for the week
drop it like it's hott
I am feeling #frisky today.
things are going to heat up again tonight with dj moma at citrine nyc....
I'm pretty sure I didn't
Truth! RT : #Sagittarius walks away from stupid drama but loves drama when they're bored!
He has been oddly quiet. What gives? I hope he is okay??
Good luck today steps towards your dream!
What's happening to my family?
The text I just got from #oomf made me LOL!
Agreed, same here. I assume my parents views but don't inquire much into them. I would like to see age requirements change..
RT this & will donate $1 per tweet to today!
WIN. But enough #BUCN for the day,
Its colder than a witches titi on a brass bra today..... bur
When I say I don't give a fuck , I mean it.
Oh, great....lol
And I ain't too proud to tell ya that I cry sometimes I cry sometimes about it
what up peeps? Ready for the NFL draft Thursday? Can't wait to see who gets RG3. Gonna be killer!!!
A: There's a shortage of mental health pros in the military. Often a chaplain is sent in. "Which is great if you're religious"
Anyone for Sushi? That is a bronze trophy.
silence is the most powerful cry.
On the way to the MPR studio, pointed out to me a building he re-designed. I'm pretty sure he knows how business works.
follow me
Glad you enjoyed today!! Let's get all your friends to follow RT and Follow!!!!
Callback for a SAG project today!
Check your emails from colleges!
great talking to you im going to go finish studying bye talk to you tomorrow
Take Notes
Feels like I have fallen off the social networking planet lately. Hello everyone!
Thanks for the follow, all the best to ya .
what it do baby girl!
hahaha I wish! :D
Thank you for the mention!
LOUIE O!
Just remembered my dream! In it I remembered that I'd been wanting & needing to buy a hotgluegun & so I bought one! ADD don't stop me now!
kids, kids. To quote Rodney King, "can't we just get along?"
Wait the Apartment Therapy blogs finally made topical RSS feeds? YAY! Now I can subscribe w/o getting bombarded!
Always walk in constant forgiveness. Dont give others power over your thoughts! Besides u yourself probably need forgiveness right now.
that's the homie .. Why?
well technically tweeted at me, but we are the same person so it doesn't matter!! #GampoForLife!
And Anthony is just not gonna include me. *long sigh*
Ready to perform at the White House Easter Egg Roll this Monday?
didn't go to school today
u talk to the wrong people lol
Holy schnikes! is following me?? Thank you, VC, I am more than honored!!!
Excitement for Clio's pre-alpha demos is palpable. I could post screen shots, but it might max out your daily allowance of awesome.
An IT manager asked if we should have shorter timeouts for our "mobile apps". My question is what's a mobile device? Any thoughts?
HA! that does sound way more appealing.
Looking for a good downtown Phoenix restaurant that takes reservations and is easily accessible for my Gramma - ideas?
THANK YOU GOD FOR THIS DAY!!
+1> MT : We need a good #TopBlogueras Flash Mob for #LetsMove! Perhaps w/a little help from ? :)
It was great ... thanks for asking. I will let you know when we play
finally beautiful days in new york. but still the same shit......
if a girl hit you wit the "call me maybe" #nowyouknowitsreal (y)
to what show?
Famn I love hoarders
Thinking 8 entangled waveforms running parallel
cant wait to see Janet Jackson perform....
Sounds like a brilliant idea - what works for you? I have a call at 930 am until 10 am we can meet any other time
The key to sucess isnt always happiness because what if your succesfull but not happy? Think about it
First start of the year in the circle for Coates. Alyssa DiMartino (8-16, 4.26 ERA) gets the start for Liberty.
I eat Mozzarella today. Period ; )
A friend is someone who knows the song in your heart and can sing it back to you when you have forgotten the words.
Dont fucking throw my dog? Who the fuck are you bitch. He lives here.
this feels like single release weather what do you guys think?
nothing tonight. we're working on it. i will tweet and will tweet when it's up
Best supporting actress goes to Octavia Spencer - again what a shock
We need the Mets to get us back on track
Just received my second bootleg from . Maybe third times a charm?
Students have been asking for books that teach them how to speak languages like Greek, German and Spanish. Any suggestions?
yea man. I just want all of this nonsense to be over. I can't take these speeches inundated with misinformation.
Good night!! Early day tomorrow...:) be blessed!!
Sunny D is so good.
8 months of Tuesday night vollyball ends tonight. Getting to the Owl <11? Dinner dates? No way! (Oh crap, softball goes till August. Doh!)
it's true
Liberty Park is still ours despite mass arrests @
The newest episode of ' #99percentinvisible is especially interesting for those with a connection to
Where's Gabi? We need her too.
because the institution of marriage is such a sham. Im just gonna go ahead and marry a bag of weed.
Never get hurt when God takes something off your hands, it's sure that He leaving you empty handed to received something better.
real talk lol
Keg of Full House ale going on @ Vintage tonight...Malt House next week.
Many ppl will fb friend u/twitter follow u bc they THINK u r or will be great/imp-genuine ppl do so bc they KNOW u r great/imp
: Hey! I moved in September. How have you been?
Feel better soon! We miss you!
Is everyone ready for the Sherman Oaks FM today at 3pm? :D We've got a bunch of great vendors lined up! See you @ 3!
shoot me something good doggy!
RT : #sschat We would love to have a section where teachers talk about adapting our lessons --> That would be so helpful!
#favmoviequote 'Christ in a cartoon' Con Air/Nicholas Cage
Jeopardy video game for prizes on the big screen right now!
because she wasn't a regular cast mate that's why and she only made guest appearances
final drafts coming in from devil in civil war. They re all poole this and poole that!
Idea for vegetarian main dish has begun forming. Something with udon noodles...
So inspired by the amazing talent and hard work I witnessed tonight at AFI's Thesis Showcase at the Director's Guild of America.
Pets with flat faces,like Pugs and Persian cats,can't pant as efficiently.Keep your pet cool in air-conditioned areas to prevent heat stroke
M what is that sweet succulent smell wafting down the Avenue? OH it's rabbit fresh from the oven at the B, come try it 2day!
Lmaoooo look at all the spanish ppl mad
Enjoying some ice cream from the local shop in a homemade waffle bowl.
hey with 165k followers, you might want to turn off location-aware tweets. These are VERY ACCURATE.
has the best followers and fans they always show so much love
Feels like thursday
Haha broke a Frisbee #LikeABoss with , antonio,jacob, and Danny!
That sounds AWESOME! I miss
One without the threat of Monkey Pox!
Sippin on a nice bollini yum 😍
at least i can still talk on the phone :/ i need a phone that i can see the screen!!
i'll be waiting
awe Hugs.. it sucks to go through that.
Either he filled the bottle with another liquid, or some dude out my window is drinking straight up Sriracha
-- I LOVE this idea!! re: "sharing sessions" after conferences
ok Thank-you. I told Jason and he is satisfied with that
dad pulled me over :/
the flyaway. Why didn't I think of that?!
Happy birthday to a wonderful and and friend Hope you have a wonderful day
Alright. Gotta go to sleep. School tomorrow (: goodnight loves!
Thanks Amber!! Yes, definitely! RT : Congrats on a very successful #riseaustin12! I hope you're resting today :)
My kids rock at cleaning!
#RIPKeKePalmer Now yall know she probably ain't no where near dead.I might be wrong though.
Ty my love RT : how can people be so cruel I mean have some respect! Your a better person than them by far!
Times for food! Dewies in cinci baby.
KPerry/SDogg/Jim Iovine to be sued 4 Copyright Infringement & theft of the Simon Thunder 2008 song "Cali(fornia) Girl"! Details coming soon.
quit drinking then you won't lol
I wish someone would kiss me under the mistletoe.
#growatombstonemustache Can't...I'll have to borrow your Dads... no homo
New conference table is in! We moved it ourselves which proved to be a bigger challenge than we had predicted. ;-)
so sweet. Thanks Carly.
Walk The Moon!
or another anytweet anynotice anything in re mumford and sons or iron and wine...god, the inanity.
Wow, it looks gorgeous!
Heading to Brooklyn Teen Monologue competition! Make me tear up kids!
girl, you better win some money then! Psh
The multi-talented wins the Triple Crown tonight for covering news (tornado), weather (cut-in), and sports (anchoring).
best form of facial hair for Vegas?
#90slifelifelesson sometimes things aren't as bad as they seem. They turn out worse. lol :-)
Holy crap! It's hard to take a dashboard off!
Very interesting. I also think energy of good conductor somehow magically helps musicians. Inexplicable connection.
I hope you all have a very lovely feast today. So fill your bellies my mortal friends.
Missing an All American Rejects concert... to go to Disneyworld. If I complain I sound like a spoiled brat... Sigh.
A couple of weeks ago it was hot as hell! Now we got a storm! Cali, what's goin on?
Relationships come & go , but I'm looking for that relationship that will come & stay ♥
my Salsa radio show! Go Giants all the way bro!!!
#AtABlackChurch there is always this one woman that competes with the 1st lady in dressing
tru.... so where yall located, not an address, just a location.. im in kentcuky
RT : Thanks, we're excited as well!
haha me 2! btw i got my check for that book
To the lovely Irene, Please don't beat us to a pulp. We just had an earthquake, and I'm a touch hungover. Sincerely, The East Coast
have you gone to the Woodman exhibition yet? I really want to go, care to join me and get tea later? xx
haha, I`m from Tumblr so I saw it a few days ago. It is very great. did a great job on it.
lol well then there you go
You can only understand my pain when you go through it yourself until then, you have no idea
i really hope my mom come home with a new car !! im not feeling this carless-ness, 3 days has been too long -_- lol.
Heyy (: thanks for following! Let's not be strangers :3
What's up w/ old white evol biologists these days? Wow, giving evol thinking a bad name.
Yeah I've just replied. Man first Sam Riley now Benedict! I wish I lived in NYC!
she talk so much...
Shower flow
free things for PC's. But PC's gave me so much trouble -_-
I'm finding it hard to concentrate... Is this another chocolate withdrawal? :)
I'm refusing to read the "pink slime" articles.
Safe travels to all those driving to today for the State Conference. We're excited to see you!
bro u get tatted the other day?
I wonder who Michael Moore voted for in the Michigan GOP primary
What was the last thing you read?
Great! Thank you for your support and enjoy your Visa Gift Card!
i love taking massive shits
“: Penguins cannot walk backwards. They are too top heavy and would just fall down.”
Ship tour aboard the Carnival Ecstasy, Port Canaveral, Fl
Rain in the city + this humidity = -_-
I'm thinking of trimming my bangs but they look so amazing right now .
Best Internet cafes in the church market/mission area?
Brewers are kickin ass!!!
I just want to go home and sleep. Life is being a brat today.
Managing an amateur #baseball team is 1% managing a team, and 99% building a team.
happy birthday!
Forgive & forget
cool thanks
Not sure, but probably on their jobs website!
From Ducks radio: Question for Oregon coach Chip Kelly, "What's the depth chart for sideline card holder?"
What a great weekend in NY at the #cmaconference - inspiring music & new friends. Looking forward to next year already.
ugh...just got home
The foolishness right now on my TL....smh
Dignity will never be 'awarded' to the poor in America, and 'opportunity' has always been a lie.
Goodnight! Let's all try and make a positive impact on everyone we encounter the next 24 hours.. Either a friendly smile or support!
“All that is necessary for the triumph of evil is that good men do nothing.”
Fill your lungs with smoke for the last time.
least you know what to stay away from miss Shelly. Now you can focus on the real deal :D
when the fat ugly duckling becomes the HOLY SHIT HOT skinny swan
Badgers fighting back against MSU
"I'm in a fight with the world, but I'm winning".
US Olympic Team aren't the only Americans going to London. is coming to Kingsington High St. I hope my All Access works overseas!
“: Do let life turn into something your not”
clearwater is poppin right now
So damn bored ;x
Yes - he's some terrible Asian dictator, who I think is notorious for sodomizing people.
FOLLOW US ON TWITTER
Busy day at the #Atlanta #fhexpo! I was swamped at the Family Tree DNA booth and my presentation had a standing-room-only crowd!
Cheeseburger in paradise! (yeah, we're mixing)
Victory Against Chevron! Chevron was ordered to pay approx. 8 bn in environmental damage for contaminating the Amazon forest. Great News!
lol the studio not that bad jess i seen worst dude lol
Reality is that some people are selfish and self centered. The good news is I can concentrate on the positive and remove the negative!
Currently reading Eight Men Out detailing the1919 White Sox throwing the world series
Good afternoon, is everyone enjoying their day today?
is it possible to meet u? i'd love to <21
Thank You Joan!
hahha I know I'm just venting a Lil you gay check out my mitts ✊
Man that thing in them jeans to fat for it ;)
I'm studying UDC schema change, also wondering if your Universalism as Utopia diss. is online yet? I'm fascinated by Otlet.
thanks to for having me on the air this morning! i only get up at 4:30 a.m. for you! :)
and more than Florida, Florida st, and Texas.
new Asphyx: nice, straightforward, no nonsense. Deathhammer is a throwback. a lot of bands do this now...
haha cool!(: I'v seen that one before, but I'll go watch it again to see if I can find you!ツ
So many girls fall in love with the wrong guy, simply because the wrong guy usually says all the right things.
Trivia day: On April 7, 1988, Reprise Records released Wonderful. What was Rick’s original title for the album?
shut up
You have always been a hard worker! I don't know anyone who works as hard as you do.
you r so lucky u got to talk to him i wish i could that would be a dream come true <3 I luv ur backround by the way so cute!!
Such is masochism: in the hospital on a liquid diet waiting for the pain meds to kick in and watching
just bought one.
Beginning to understand Java geometry library JTS - somewhere James Gosling says in a deep voice, "The transformation is complete."
hmm i wonder if ever got a kink in his neck from flipping his hair all the time....HM
My day is almost over thank God.
lol love it!
thank you! Haha :)
I guess I gotta clear shit up???
Thanks! I did! Was on Sat weather was perfect!! : Lucky Lady have fun :)
I read this yesterday. It appears his mom/wife helped him w/the kidnappings/murders? What's relationship w/missing ppl & Mayes?
thank you :)
nice. Pretty good spring for your teams!
What's Denver?
Tony Dyer lol :)
I can host. Need to clear it first with my C.O.
is SPECULATING that a 1 yr deal for Prince. I know the #Brewers are way over budget, but 4 1 last shot, wouldn't it be worth it
you should have Bing'd it. Just joking. No one uses Bing!
sounds like a good night!
why you have picture of wolf lol
agreed but let us not attack one another here. Civil dialogue and discourse needed.
Watching Superbad! Dis sh*t is funny as hell!
Note to self: bring food with me on days where classes run from 12-9pm! any tips for food on the go?! :)
Steps to save the world: 1. Create a document 2. Save said document as "The World" 3....
actually I think they gave him the key to Prestige, TN too!
i just like spammed for facebook, sry
On My Way To School. :-)
Three baserunning outs today.
I'm gonna buy this dude some charmin to celebrate our first song together on
well I'm sorry
Tell New Orleans that I miss her.
"I am the light of the world. Whoever follows Me will never walk in darkness, but will have the light of life." -John 8:12
Greek yogurt, organic peanut butter and jelly sandwich and 16 oz of water....YUMMY lunch!
Netanyahu for president! ;)
Ah *jealous* Bwahahahaha
RT : Just remember, every day is a gift from God. Well except for Monday...Satan slips that one in. He's a sneaky bastard.
yep...we have a similar schedule but school year is over June 5, summer school starts June 25. Enjoy your last week!
Two more consults and booking into 2013! Awesome!
Arrrrrrrrrrgh. Goodwin drops a gift-wrapped TD. Kinda needed that one, dude.
Seeing and today is goin to be an emotional experience. i cant wait. <3
haha you knew he would! (:
Made it to Syracuse in one piece with Had an amazing realization that I'm quite the bumble thanks to her.
Thank God I won't be having any next quartet..!
I think standardized tests should end. We need to think of new ways help our kids get the learnin' they need yall
Designing 3 Trinket boxes with a vintage "Doris Day",Pirate themed and Tinker Bell inspired!
any up coming projects
I really think that you are amazing and you know what you're doing! I like your way iof thinking
What happened, is it still summer? Where's the sun?
Can we market...the academic "minor"... #dtl2011 #dietribes #
I like this game! I would walk backwards to Milwaukee and sleep on gravel to do another !
yeah well, I'm in trouble so I won't be there for awhile:P
quit lien bruh (: you know you don drunk something .
"The Pinky Swear Bitches ARE BACK! Same in-your-face badassitude, different songs."
is just the coolest. :D
Interview today? Good luck & travel safely!
No problem!
No tweeting during a chemistry lecture
Reading Kitchen House by Kathleen Grissom and Sarah's Key by de Rosnay.
My 75 year old father just used the sentence "I'm LOL!" in an email he sent me. I love that he opted for the more formal grammar.
Yes, until i find something eles and decide to sign-up for classes :s Pizza Hut :'c
Love it!
good one only a #fool that can't #Cap would be on the Under in this #Cards #Brave game we are over 8 and
I was just asking
Damn people still got BBM?!?! Blackberrys at that?!?! 😲😱
Was sieg being nice to me? or saying hi to be a smartass? i know he hates me
should i use to clips and clip my bangs to the side of my head... Lol.. Do you know what im referring ?
in staples dont no what we lookin for
The sun is rising on your dream casting beautiful orange & golden light warming your day.
Going to the Ritz Residences preview party tonight. Very excited to see the spaces!!
And "Give me all the luxeries I want, and I'll do without the neccesities---F.W. Wright
check out our new 4 pc Mineral Makeup trial kit. on special
Excellent! So glad to hear it. Come and see us again soon!
Great find!
I'm so excited! OMG
Who thinks what will look better bow tie or just a tie? Lol
<<< You are running a 5k today?
Yeah, I second this. Wish we took more time to cultivate young talent.
Special hair removal lasers are best for removing hair in more darkly pigmented patients-the Nd:YAG.
it was very good by the way and i have a question i know my bday was like 4 months ago but can u follow me plzz thx 143 <3 381
shoveling rock with my dad, ballcaps on, and sweat on our brows...doesnt get much better than this! I love daddy/daughter time :)
I think no one in government seems to know what they are doing, not even our president. Time to turn off the TV...click
recommend removing the hardware only if it causes a problem or pain
Google SPYW and What Marketers Need to Know: bit.ly/yBUFY6 with help from , and
Overwhelmed unpacking from not only our week away, but the kids week at grandmas/pas.
Hope you had a chance to view the HUD press release
Last Fri #real #estate wrd unscramble-freehold 2days WORD:nrcsgoie HINT:party "Its tngbl,its solid..its artstc..just luv real estate!" Trump
Try falling out of love . It's a challenge .
And the new novel just cruised past the 30k mark. Awww, it's getting so big. :D
they took breathe carolina.
That's true. Valentin brought Angie to the attention of Grusin & Rosen back in the '70's
Not getting 2 bed @ 2:15am after Sat night chaperoning? MT : 2 best things RE: DST: later daylight & clocks that change themselves
it would be one interesting t.v show
sweet! even higher prices... RT " gets new collaboration partner: Manolo Blahnik!"
To Sleepy.. I'm out #Lightbulb#
Or, you know, anything in Palladium's RIFTS ;)
If you are in Christ, you have a hope that is beyond comprehension, beyond imagination, and beyond anything humanity can create! Rejoice!
yeah but she doesn't look at all attractive. i was really shocked! you're WAY pretty
Councilman Olszewski says he will offer amendment to strike public accomodations from bill.
Vegas on Wednesday. It's about to get real.
Yay for getting the site up! :) When will we be able to register?
That black swan is like roach spray and the black swan 2 is gonna be the dust pan
You know Darius Miller had a great game, he is trending on twitter
Wanna be a robot in a song im working on? Send me a recording of yourself saying something crazy!
Individual Producer phone meetings this week. Kicking off the writing phase of '12 #apufringe. Yesterdays meeting w. went great!
What the Rondo is going on...
I'm pretty great...I just have a headache. Blah. What are you up to? x
Pam McGee is like a more annoying version of Ray Allen's mom. They always show the two..
. new version of grenade by: . then i throw the grenade for yah ! . i put ur hand on the blade oh yehh . ahhahah
Thank you so much for featuring the Warren parody clip! It was, in fact, made with much reverence.
Its so hot again -_-
Mexican Independence Day is today! A heartfelt thank you to all of our Mexican friends and customer who enrich our lives every day.
And on the eighth day God created meatloaf and mashed potatoes! Thanks, Babydoll, for an excellent dinner!
Juniors: Lol we're almost there. That's gotta count for something, right?
just sat down and listened the the mixtape...good stuff as always. Should update the website. lol
No clue how HHS plans to roll out exchange reg at Fragers. Used to live in that hood, it is filled with an unbelievable amount of stuff.
That's true too!
Hate sleepin alone
I hope to be seeing alot of you on the playground
"Have you tried our Timballo yet? Our customers are raving about the 5-layered ground beef, sausage, mozzarella, parmesan and ricotta dish!
": Their tears are filling up their glasses, no expression. No expression. #madworld" Love that song!
Thanks. Great to meet you!
& - are you keeping an eye on @ #SMBMAD - wish we were there!
Only if it doesn't involve the Cardinals. RT : RT if you're excited for the
Thought id go for a bit more of a smarter look.
Now watching... but for how long?
What are the top three music cities in the US?
Are you ready for the new #bitesize #resource to be uploaded??
yeah, i'm bummed too! gave you some shout outs tonight for sure! hope to catch up soon!
My 11:11 wish is that will notice me<33
I'm starting to get bored wit da dating scene
awesome video.
Moment of silence for all the lost soilders on 9\11
If I had a gun ..... I do. In fact I got 2 but that's ok man cause I love god.
Harry Melander from Building Trades thanks conference committee for their effort on stadium plan, what he calls jobs bill.
Apropos of nothing, ever notice how Fastball's "The Way" conjures up "Besame Mucho"?
O.m.g this.is.amazinng
#Learn from the experience of pivotal social leader Scott Beale and be an agent for
I've misplaced a dogwood tree. Also, I suppose I should double-check which trees were destroyed & update their records. :/
MAKING GOLD RECORDS BABY.
Your visit the for a Sunday matinee. Catch the action at 1pm on ABC.
Frank Francisco is the Mets' version of Wayne Hunter.
I'm looking forward to seeing Cults and Foster the People tonight at Terminal 5.
Where is your beer at the State Fair?
An Egg unfollowed...is that even possible?
dont ever lose hope..she will follow u :)
Closing time, every new beginning comes from some other beginnings end
Linking small group changes and systemic world-scale changes in relation to digital humanities issue.
Happy Monday! xoxo
Why thank ya so much!
Just wrapped a great night of shooting comedy pilot. Next week more great interviews for #LiteraryLA documentary.
see you there!
50 bringing out the gold
Finally going to bed after 13 hours of studying/ paper writing... Z
glossary: a bunch of definitions that are about as fun to read as they are to write.
thats crazy...can you go through fb?
Rejoice in the LORD, you who are righteous, and praise his holy name. Psalm 97:12
ANYONE REMEMBER WHEN WE WOULD TWEET LIKE THIS TO TRY AND GET THE BOYZ TO NOTICE US? :') #Memories <3
Sometimes, no matter how much you want it, you have to give it up. It isn't worth the heartache and one day, they'll regret losing you.
Dancing with 3 people? That just seems stupid.
Always thought Lin had talent but not completely sold yet. Want to see him cool off and do it again. Mavs tried to sign him btw.
blood orange Pellegrino at Publix these days, specifically Northlake.
7 episodes in and I still do not understand Game of Thrones.
check out our website: girlsrockhouston.org. we're moving on up!!!
the cases normally say on them that it has 2 complete sets with one chaser. Didn't notice what this one said.
That's great to hear. Thanks!
Had some weird virus today :O
cool thanks
Its gonna be crazy!! Rt just realised it's less than 2 weeks till i play Ultra in Miami. fuck i can't wait!!
if food prices had risen at medical inflation rates since the 1930's a pound of butter would cost $108.29.
I wanna talk on the phone
": We're going streaking!" We're going streaking thru the quad!" The infield is more of an oval than a quad
can I be totally nosey and ask how much? I'm going to look at running shoes next Saturday
ouch! 58 ???? I thought I had a lot! (~30) .. trim those down, it will help speed up WordPress for ya :)
I'll have a Hanson w ranch
No problem!(:
Sorry Mccartney but I prefer lennon
this bores me..is anyone up for a game of basketball ? *prince voice*
What? You get to hang out?? Jealous!
RT : It's for everybody! RT : Is #BlackinAmerica meant for Black ppl??? I'm confused as to why I would want to...
haha thanks! they'll look even better with the beads :)
im fine, you?
says we're a "nation that treats people fairly" but he & are being unfair to US religious ppl. RT
nope, but the dude who did Think Like A Man from what I heard did a good black movie minus all the coonery, so maybe he can
Excellent...we're still eager to participate!
I thought was strictly a cat person now?
Could you see me blushing?!? Wow....
You are Missing Nothing! Walmarts are not worth it. They used to be... years ago. Tarjay is better. ;)
hey, are you back from traveling yet? I want to shop with you AND drink fancy cocktails with you. maybe at the same time.
Recording an amazing podcast today about overcoming prescription drug abuse, and how to spot the signs. Audio to follow soon!
Thx man, it was fun. Glad you can be my date for Prometheus!
is that a good or bad thing?
What Christian bands do you guys listen to?
relaxing! You?
Follow: <<<needs NEW followers to talk about dif' things w/!! Make an impression
Award: , producing concerts for kids that will include pre-concert learning activities.
That's a hit mother bitch. We doggiee!!!
Watching Dazed and Confused... and I am.
O I'll have to go to the store and get some! Thanks!
Ron will be straight8 trippin when he see you!!
Rememeber Remember I Shot The Wrong Dude!
u read my mind:)
Since 1998 I have been trying to get people to ditch Powerpoint. i have not always been successful.
#ThingsILookFor in a Cigar the body, size, and taste..And this goes for women too!
Ain't shit in them streets for me
Pre-ball dinner at Paolo's with all the ladies! Tonight will be a blast, just wish it wasn't raining.
2 years ago I saw you at Arroyo Seco in PM, Brookside in AM, & Bristol Farms after the round. Didn't want to bug you though!
OK, so if you really think about it, folks, we're all working for free today. Just putting it out there.
Go #teamashley!! ": Almost #HARDCOREPAWN time. I'll be chatting live during the show on twitter. 9:30pm ET tonight.
Beware of things that look simple on the surface - they probably aren't once you get past the most trivial cases
Too few care to recall! The first Baedekers led to a spate of home gnomenapping felt round the world!
can't wait to watch you guys!
he then leveraged them, cashed out, made millions and... dammit this isn't a joke, this is fucked up
yeah dont forget me! !!!!
thanks Lance!
hey man, thanks for the follow. I'll work in any genre but mostly Rock/Pop/Country. I have some mixes up on my website...
I don't mean to critique on your seduction technique, but your money's impressing me; it's kinda weak.
Enjoyed it, Dalia. Great follow up for us after visiting Ceja Vineyards during April in Carneros
has 1 million followers
Kings-4 and Heat-5 in action currently
And i'm begging you, i'm begging you, i'm begging you to be my escape. <3
Liv on Sunday... The foyer of the Club was CRACKIN... We aint get in the reg club but you DEFINITELY gotta be on site fam
blogblackmiami District 17 race. Vereen is here. Wilson is absent ref the NAACP Forum in Miami-Dade county
Rocked at Cadillac Ranch with Curtis & Luckey and operation troop aid. Great CMA Fest this year!!!! Three more shows today...living a dream!
your so lucky i wish he would follow me and dm me And skype me (:
YES lol, that should not be your end goal!
definitely. she does an awesome job in that movie.
Yea i texted u 2 get it n follow me like a week ago. So go get it n follow me ;)
I know! I love summer!
Swimsuits & half tees for the ladies...COMING SOON!! With your own personal design or photography! That's how #1of1 get's down!!
come on bulls the sixers pretty much giving you this game
RT "A man paints with his brains + not with his hands." Michelangelo
Tell him to "put a ring on it" Peggy!
We are so excited to be going on a journey to the Their Holloween Machines will be up and awesome. Party there Oct 28 free!
then eat a "phillie" cheese steak lol...get it?
So your BabyDaddy/Boothang/Thug/Whatever is in jail...He shouldn't of been breaking the law
Usa sucks
finally!!! feel like i haven't seen you 4-EVA!
I think that the lions are ready to take the next step and the bears on Monday are a stepping stone key is to keep qb uprite
Would you find it strange to ask that you respond to my tweet to encourage this micro econ homework? If not, I understand.
I love the RED FACTION games. They're all about the player's ability to break stuff.
I need a nap 💤
u gne meet me half way for the price
Forget love, I'd rather fall in
Every high school student should bring a laptop to school. When do we start recommending that? (have to fix the bandwith issues in schools)
I abstain from coffee houses very abstemiously.
RT : Let's get together for an enjoyable evening of delicious food and great service here at Mesa Grill! See you!...
In Kerela, India wondering how many days of vacation it takes to switch off work
Could it be that you are who you are and where you are for a reason? Thank God for your life, exactly as it is right now.
Woke up with a headache
home opener tonight at 7pm. Come by before the game for $4 bar rail and 5$ Creemore and Steamwhistle pints!
lol. it probably is, and 21 is the lowest common denominator for "4G"
made fun of me with sarcasm.
A budget is the financial expression of the district's educational goals and aspirations
I'm truly in love with <3
Uhh. It's also the 2 year anniversary of when I first came to your house, you dick.
shits watts good in the hood
Hahahahaha touché! That was a good one. Shall we call it CoPaCabrerra?
I'm an independent but I can't wait for Obama to win again, so these bad teeth having morons on Fox News like Dick Morris would STFU.
Follow me please :D,,
good thing our panels are over cuz we'll be hoarse tomorrow. So much fun!
No its cool mom, I totally appreciate the un-needed attitude ur giving me.
sad....true colors of Flyers showing. Rinaldo is a punk
are you happy with police response times? do you feel safe in your park? do you like the condition of your roads? risk risk risk
I really love gummy bears. That is all.
Coming up at 1:30pm, I will be giving away spots to our "Red Solo Cup" party at the Vault Nightclub in Roseville!
I had to work, but we toasted at midnight with the night crew.
Fun fact: About 7 billion pounds of turkey are sold annually for Thanksgiving!
gaylor is so cute though :)
i havent seen that actually! I love it tho! great find, ill have to put it on pinterest haha
so you're lesbian?
appearance continues to be a conversation during this struggling job market. Another confirmation.
your mom is orange/pink
We are counting down the days!
#nowplaying Between the Lines,
you weird. how can you be depressed from this?
...and as a literature review, it still fails since it doesn't have footnotes -- only an appendix
Studio done!!
The lack of #Twins tweets in the last hour is a testament to how amazing we are playing
It seems like it's too mainstream to hate or love Valentine's Day, so I'm just gonna be indifferent.
grand ave mall
went too hard tonight..
i hope justin will tweet something like"Learning more stuff about myself everday #roomers ignore the haters smh IDGAF #believe coming soon"
nice Brannock device!
Dorthy, the little tugboat was recognized as a symbol of the quality workmanship for which Newport News is know throughout the world.
Will you be attending Disrupt? Unable to attend myself but will follow via Twitter
do u know where Richardson, Texas is?
Mary J Blige!!!! Wow!!! What an awesome performance of the Star Spanngled Banner!!!
But it's co-op Minecraft! That's pretty hot, right?
aww thanks Nicole that's good to hear :)
Everybody is voicing their opinions out loud like its important they entitle 2 their opinions its like the flu we're all caught it once
I'll be on talking about #NY27 at 8pm and 11:30pm tonight on New York statewide YNN/Time Warner Cable.
Good news. RT:" Please note that we are HOPING to re-open by Friday but do not have a firm date as of yet."
I hate it when people say i will follow you if you follow or i will dm you if you follow...like do they ever keep a promise?
I wonder who Mark is gonna trade... I'm SS anxious
please follow<3?
Sorry for the few retarded UK fans tweeting you s**t. Hope you do well wherever you end up. Good Luck next yr.
Confused point blank.
From what I gathered from all the talk the last few days. Either it was/is Geno or Brooks who has issues with Sid. #?
great season my bro! You killed it! Cant wait to see you tear up shit next season! Way to handle yourself with class!
So true!
Bank of Albuquerque has numerous Asst. Branch Manager (Traditional and In Store) openings available. 505.855.0845
I broke my glasses in half this morning while getting up for work :\
I had a very moving conversation with my sister Fay Coleman. I appreciate her support. She is wonderful. Keep up good work. C. Harris
2-9 seasons are not "hip" for any recruits!
Why is everyone in a hurry to dump Tebow somewhere. Why can't he stay in Denver and learn how to be a QB from one of the best?
I would love that pretty lady! You tell me when 😊
Did you get tickets to the D23 NYC Fanniversary event in May?
COME TO NASHVEGAS
Time for work :/
Actual quote "you look like a non profit prostitute" lol
hey justin i love u
If my search history is any indication, I'm either planning a wedding or attempting to pull off a massive heist.
nice input about heat press printing. interested to know name of heat press you prefer.
It is not power that corrupts but fear. ― Aung San Suu Kyi
#mvt121 VP story: In 2006 – 10 years after deciding to become a Christ-follower, I felt the discontent around my career escalating.
But if I go thru the hassle of getting there & it sucks, I will be bitterly disappointed. And I will rant about it at length ;-)
I started this journey alone - so it's only natural that I end it alone
In Indy. Gosh. Get out of my freaking way!!!!! Stupid people.
Kobe Bryant 5th on the NBA's all-time scoring leader.. He's now the true "Mamba #5".
- Sounds like fun! Thanks for following! Robin Lynch Aerialist
RT : Cronon's chapter on rise of Chicago's futures market in Nature's Metropolis is a must read for students of capitalism.
Isn't every week #RocketWeek? RT : Why is there a #SharkWeek? Why not a #RocketWeek? Or at least a #RocketShark week?
I'll send you the invite to the Google Group at lunch!
And people wonder WHY I do them.dirty. smh. Oh well
You gotta be fucking kidding me!
great! very similar family histories. this means we should be kindred spirits!
Go Dodgers!!!
She likes to stay in pocket IT MIGHT SEEM STRANGE TO YOU!
i need to myself smh
OMFG I love my amazing followers!
I knew you would...I always think back to your quote abt fb and engagement
his grandma was crckin me the fuck up
Tell all friends & fam to leave non perishable food at mailboxes, Sat. May 12 for largest 1 day food drive in US!
How Can You Build A Multimillion Dollar Catering Company Over And Over Again?
Word of advice.. put a condom over ya heart and fuck yo feelings
you're a great friend but really ??
Ford is rumored to be considering the development of a new full-size rear wheel drive platform to underpin a replacement
Positive small changes happen, but very few hear, see, or share them.
thank you
Champagne and bud... Keeping it classy
Just landed in DEN and I'm super excited to see what's in store
I wear my sunglasses at night...
Playing all morning.
Constructivism: Social structures matter as much in world politics.
Best hashtag of the week goes to for #bearlife. Check out for brunch, you're welcome in advance
Making a playlist of the set list and listening to it to get that experience.
Happy Cinco de Mayo! Looking foward to seeing everyone tonight at the show and enjoying a few beers.
Stop by our desk for a Turkish delight dessert and to say hello! #We're on the sidelines of the lunch hall
follow back I have followed you
BHRT is not just for women! Hieber’s compounds a variety of preparations to treat Andropause in men. Call 412-681-6400
You and The Grammy's put on a damn good show last night. Just bought my Mumford & Sons album. Ty guys!
Spring Forward Tonight!! Pace yourself in your partying tonight. Daylight Savings Time costs you a hour of sleep!
Wow - Transsiberian - God Movie.
crazy ass lmao
DEVO at Magpie!
Hey can u please follow us? :D
I already took it out and it's not good enough to wear in public hahah.
#NowFollowing → & sent me :)
I think I met my future husband tonight. He's a huge fan.
who is the rosin bag signed by?
Mobb deep in the building
Watching Limitless
President Calvin Coolidge reportedly said, If you don't say anything, you won't be called upon to repeat it
#NowPlaying 3LW :No More (Baby I'ma Do It Right)
Denial. Anger. Regret. Depression. Acceptance. Process you go through when your fucked in a situation.
really misses the late 90's- early 00's British band emergence. Well.. with the exception of Chumbawumba..
These artist constantly blaspheme God , and you respect that ? Come on when you gonna draw the line people
lol typical! Good luck bunny =)
Adam wasn't cool (not to me anyway), plus, I was more a fan of the Blue Ranger.
Ah Twitter, it's been too long. Let's get reacquainted.
they hatein cause they knw we getn it GET IT GANG ENT.
Life is crazy .
Me is hungry!!!!
all of you are
Fantastic lunch at Georges Ocean Terrace in La Jolla, followed by a win. Great day!
give me love... love's divine... love is what i need to help me know my name......
I'm so sick of all the political bullshit about middle east. We're stuck in there and we arn't leaving.
He did? Lol... He was so successful, we did not notice. :) Kind of sad that was your BEST moment of the artwalk.
One big room full of bad bitches : )
Agreed! RT “: Watching Mad Men. Can we PLEASE agree that Don's wife has jacked up teeth? Please people?”
Congrats to the DBU baseball team! So excited for you guys!
nah.. but the dude makes more arguments for sane composition (e.g. forms not tied to models) than he does for language features
You're insecure, dont know what for. You're turning heads when you walk through the do-o-or :)
I can honestly say I'm truly happy!!!
Hurr did party!
Hmm, what's your mood? Have you read any #TanaFrench or #SophieHannah Both technically whodunnits, but such quality writing.
So... haven't we known Idol was rigged for weeks? Why such a commotion tonight?
got a gym at st.joes on Washington st. $5 to play we got 11 could always use 1 or 2 more, starts at 7 over at 9:00
hit the jingle!
Thanks for the mention... we appreciate it.
If i had Prince Fielders money id give half to charity...JK id buy houses and put prostitutes in them.
Down at the finish line watching the steady stream of walkers getting their finisher medals! You guys rock.
Just chillaxin' at home till Justinian....
Everyday is Alex name day ! Thx for sharing: RT : Today is ALEX name day in Hungary, so HAPPY NAME DAY !!
Also a brainstormed idea in our second class! Though our had zip-off sleeves for those lighter travel days...
Change your thoughts and you change your world - Norman Vincent Peale
RT : FOLLOW THE OFFICIAL TWITTER PAGE OF Thanks SINN. will definately support the green eyed bandit
Lol, you suck.
Poor - still needs an Avatar. Any ideas? Any artists out there want to send us one? We're graphics-challenged. :=(
When I was little I used to want to be a fireman like my dad was, until I found out that I wouldn't be accepted since I see opposite colors.
I'll Still Turn Too You ♥
I wonder if my friend Greg ever sleeps or if he's a vampire?
May tomorrow be filled with hope, love and faith. Night people.
they do host it internally, I know someone who works there and asked them myself b/c of all the issues yesterday.
bulls heat tonight, statement game for my bulls. I smell a blowout
all of my most important life changes have begun with pickles.
i''m good ! thanks ! how about you luvie? <3
I just want somebody that's ready to do things out of the ordinary! If we gonna live this life let's live it tf UP!and let's do it together!
Good Morning world
": WHEN YOUR MOM THINKS you have a attitude but all you did was answer her question. -__-"
This is how colors get named. The color is "Hallway". Or maybe "Julie's Hallway" if it is that special.
And not 18 as it is in Europe
save the idjits! But mostly, save Bobby!!!!
I remember. I was the baseball PA announcer in high school...that would explain all the chicks that would flock my way back then
coach why did you have to go & make my farewell to M.I.C.K.E.Y seem so sappy lol. Im his pseudo apologist
If one were to rank this #RedSox season so far in terms of KISS solo albums, we'd be right around "Peter Criss" right now.
Loved that show, so smart and cool for kids. And me.
: argues for the engaged fandom of remix culture a la , but seems she does not know Jenkins work #NetworkedNY 1/2
where u located I am in Baton Rouge now originally Appleton
I love being able to joke around with people and know that both sides are always gonna be good.
My Friend said I'm boring ...at 2am...ok is it just me ....RT
thought fiffa was weak ? Haha bluff
Lol faith came in the clutch and made me happy didnt see it coming thanks faith!!!
Have u ever been real fucked up bout sum1 u can't have to urself cuz errrbody <3 them ? What do u do in that situation....
Their support of #SOPA is just the latest among so many good reasons to #boycottGoDaddy. Glad to see a bit of a groundswell underway.
Got a picture frame for Christmas and a hot guy is the sample picture. I'm not quite sure if I want to replace the picture yet(;
Hey austin(:
I love that! thanks!
I PROMISE I WILL BE AT SCHOOL TOMORROW!
Burdens of the World on my shoulders: heavy! visibly composed, my emotions buried.
Omr I'm moving to new york wanna come? Well u no wat nevermind #Gotcha April follz
Its funny how when I need you most, youre never here.
Booked the LEAD - a SoHo Gallery Owner/Artist struggling to stay on top - in a short film that challenges the lengths people go to succeed.
How about a telescope? Jumping Jupiter!
I missed my tapers :3 They weigh so much more than my rubber plugs.
#aupolisci 2 negative reviews=rejection letter. 20% submissions not appropriate for journal. Turnaround in 2011 about 40+ days.
On TV? RT ": Going to a soccer game as a fan tonight. I'm off the clock and ready to rock (responsibly). #USvCostaRica"
About to ride the bull with and
hopefully it's a clinching game
i love my sisters i dont know how i could make it without them <3
If life gives you lemons, make lemonade. Then use the profits to buy an assault rifle. See if life makes the same mistake twice.
Does deep fried s'mores, deep fried pickles and deep fried bacon count as a meal? Meat, veggie and dessert!
Become a member @ www.myfreegenealogy.com after three posts members will have full access to what the site has to offer.
Problem - it's hidden solutions
NICE!! ": WOW!!! 2800 followers!?!? Thank you all for #blessing me!!!! XO"
PTSD after Domestic Violence can re-occur without warning and put one in another state.
