great meeting you today at #cdmd12 thanks for the ribbons!
RT : For fulfilling #relationships, seek harmony, not control.
what about everyone else?! i see how it is
FOLLOW THE KID SO I CAN FOLLOW U BACK!
She ratchet!
Happy birthday to & Quiana(RIP)! Have a good one!
Sometimes I stumble on ideas and I wish they had been mine... today I discovered Jumping In Art Museums: Well done. Well. Done.
Thanks! Always great to hear from RIF Alum.
hi princess-all
Mm I have to google that RT : sorry Leno you still hold the record for worst whcd
are you home?
Im too pissed
Timing is everything.
The fact Justin had a beer before doesn't bother me. I'm so used to it because The Wanted are big partiers.
#Louisville ...great city!
Two more days until CATCHING JORDAN by ! Check out my blog for some fun CJ stuff!!
Chicken overtakes pepperoni as most popular pizza topping on restaurant menus
i would if i werent already =[ im sorry
we'll be waiting for you! let us know when you're ready to buy.
midday chats with my dad are my favorite
Appreciation. Nice SHARED vibrations. No exact words for it. But thank YOU!
Wow, this just in, Michael Francis leaving UNF for USF! No!
#NYTims #Trayvon story "specific intent" #zimmerrman left his Car w/a loaded weapon and used it to kill; his intent was
Be careful how you word it, if you haven't actually heard it... & don't be so fast to believe, if you didn't actually see... #quote me
I finished shooting for astorgos. I had so much fun. I can't wait for everyone to see it
you won't Wing tho lol RT “: I feel like 👊 someone .”
There are ~14 million college students in the US, if ALL of them received stafford loans the int. rate hike would raise ~14billion $
~ what's up bruh. When you get a chance call me.
I don't want to fail. :)
EJ manuel, sir, you are fun to watch
Great, thank you for the reply. Feel free to email me at to start a conversation or send me your email/ph
Maybe clean shaven with a dirty wrinkled "lucky" suit?!
lemme get a shout out for Jack Howkins, that boy turned 6!
Just found the long lost videos of me and cross country adventure lmao
"An author values a compliment even when it comes from a source of doubtful competency." Mark Twain, who died on this day in 1910.
Being Involved blows...
Got 9/11 on your mind? (Not hard to believe, what with all the media coverage.) Then don't forget to check out the CHNM 9/11 Digital Archive
Yes..And...Who is #Santorum? He's for the Blue team right?
Wilkinson: Went with a publisher after self-publishing because, well, "What did I have to lose?" Ironic reversal that.
Thanks to the Pike Prep Academy students - especially Mr. Stout & Principal Dobbs - for the warm yVote! welcome. Enjoyed our visit today.
#SomewhereInMilwaukee a Nigga is Ironing some Hard Stiff Creases in his Levi Jeans..
sounds like a rain check #timeout is in order. Feel better Rodney!
Add your favorite indie bookstore to #bkstoreluv and will add it to the list "Best Indie Bookstores" on Twitter!
That makes me happy to hear!! :)
Get wide awake peepers by concentrating your mascara just above the pupils and the outer corners of your eyes! 8-)
Happy 13th Birthday to my sister Erika (:
thanks babe :)
Oh so now is competing? e__e arre *puts sleeve up*
haven't heard back on lcd panel #fail on 2.6 y.o. tv. trans no. 3000619548. Was due response on Friday.
hey , i just ment you , this is crazy , but here's my number Call me Maybe (:
Watching The Shining.
MNL will be closed on Sat and reopen on Sun 1 pm- 11 pm. Take a day off and enjoy your Spring Break!!
Ah...Saturday night...how are you?
I try not to get my hopes up too much that way it won't be too much of a let down when it doesn't happen... I'm use to it by now :/
the problem for us is this case. If our transaction was with you, we can't invent an invoice for someone else.
When was the time when history could be captured?
haha u remember when u made Alex's toenail Bleed!!
Simply amazing
I miss you more:(
pretty cool, hunh? thanks!
Client testimonials & case studies are great sources for Social Media videos to post on Youtube, facebook, dailymotion, flickr & pthers.
God is Good remember Christmas is not about what u get its about Jesus Christ!!
Overslept. Looks like ima take a day off from school.
Walked into my band gig tonight and the DJ started the party with Kenny G...sigh
Beyond annoyed .
Please honor Mothers everywhere.
I agree w/ you make me giggle :)
Thank you to everyone who applied to the focus groups!! If you didn't get a call don't be discouraged... just keep trying
At the point where "whatever" can apply to everything.
I wonder how long I can keep this 4am wake-up time?
Tip off the day: if you are in pain then try painkillers. If you are not in pain then try not painkillers.
If you want to get your car looking its absolute best, then you should consider auto plastic headlight restoration along with a full detail.
At t-ball game in Fresno. Not sure any of these kids want to really be here. Brings back memories of my own parents forcing me to play.
Oh yeah, I forgot, you're the only person I know who says that.
thank you for the reality check.
why didnt you tell me you had a tumblr?! omg
Need Promotional Models for Events & Performances text or call 678.835.7625 for detail.
Watching the Bachelorette, and I am SO jealous!!!!!!
the zoo and the childrens museum this week? Why you so lucky?!
Awakening from my allergic, sinus clogged stupor to some really interesting news (I've RT'd). Among them, Prop 8 in CA is overturned! Yay!!!
Guess I'll go to the gym since sleep is not an option.
don't worry I'm gunna celebrate but not to hard cause it is a school night lmfao
Sally Draper, SNAP!
I'm proud that I only had to google two of the aforementioned four things.
Marry me?
answer the phone !!!!
Meeting the locals.
i dont like new twitter
have you hit someone like that? Seeing blood is disturbing
We got plenty liquor
I just finished a 376 km run with Nike+ GPS.
Bummer, man. Looks like you've been hacked.
RT“: Ali to Joe Frazier: "Don't you know I'm God?" Frazier: "God, you're gonna get your ass kicked tonight." #RIPSmokinJoe”
Only god can judge me.....? Why would he judge something he created?
I'm tired of you telling me that I'm special to you . Cuz clearly I'm not , if you say it to 20 other girls . Douche
He's Still Handsome !
no my friend tonight will be fun! If they sleep all day they will have to be up sometime :)
Why not do it here in MKE?
M gotta love it when food poisoning is on the menu!
hey Ken my friend how r u? CB new song is so cool! i love it!
So excited to watch UCLA take down USC at the laugh bowl tonight at the Laugh Factory!
Playing 10-20 with the and the Need to find an easier game!
So proud of our hermanas! RT : Congrats to for winning the King Cobra recognition award for diverse Greek org."
Need to wrestle up some food.
im quite forgetful. lol. sorry
Jigsaw vs Low Ki up next!
Me too.
Olive Garden with my twin/NFL! 😘😁
Was your avi taken on the roof?
8653638714 text me :)
How to Get Over Your Fear of Sales Every week as SmallBizLady, I conduct interviews with experts on my Twitter talk show #SmallBizChat. T
U can create a culture for those types of controls.How uniform you want it depends on what level you implement it @, i.e. Gov't,PTA,etc
#celticschat At least the Sixers lost. :) Look on the bright side
First ROYRIOLES series starts tonight! Time for my young son to learn about cognitive dissonance through baseball.
i wish he would text me :(
#HowToGetRejected ask me to hit it on the First Night.... After I hit it, I'm gone Bitch!
If Draymond Green keeps this up, he may have to take anger management classes.
will be there in a min or two. Black jacket, black shirt & jeans... so I probably look like almost everyone else, haha.
Big up to to the giants.
Aside from aholes who steal vans from our friends, dustys hate cancer. Tag yr posts with #beatcancer today and miler/eBay makes a donation
Make up is so expensive.....I just thank God I am naturally good looking
Remember the movie where Jim Carrey saw the number 23 everywhere? The same thing is happening with me and Angus T. Jones...
totally! DM me and I'll send you my contact info.
thanks for following!!!!
Anyone know of a Java Developer? I need one.
Theatre trivia! Who's most likely to be working on the catwalk? Hint - it's not a kitty... do you know?
Thanking God today for one more beautiful year of life! Every day is another miracle and I'm so thankful.
The shark has a heart! you saved his entire career because you helped redirect the path
How many junk drawers is too many? Whatever the limit... I think we've reached it.
ABA resolution calls for same-sex marriage in US
lol I already put it on twitter.....
Caught in traffic in poulsbo
In my way out the door but wanted to ask if anyone has an opinion about redgage.com????
Can u follow me? thanks :)
Anyone in the DC area been to the party on bbrt called CockParties? Looking to be an even bigger slut while I'm there later this month.
yes mom, i know i will never marry the boyz', god.
at least your trying :p. And um...I think the test is Tuesday and the paper is Thursday
Quin Snyder looks like he's stuck in the middle seat of an airplane between Kobe and Chuck Person on the bench. Little Guy!
she tries to put the I'm a female spin on why people hate her. If anybody acted like that, female or male they would be hated
Hot nutella!?! Is that a drink? I am intrigued!
Says who...
for ultimate VIP for one direction will you guys be putting more on today? cause you took it down from the seattle date.
Just dressing my Massie-kin for tomorrow. Wanna go shopping? I'm in a mood for it... :D
what do you mean loco
Shout out to all my monkeys.... Blodwyn is not a weather pig!
Great account executive? I'm going to have to read this!
Front-end developers: show us something you've done where you took a brilliant designer's UI and brought it to life.
WHERE in ATL???
The town I live in is on Richard Hammond's new show... What are they featuring? The dump. Nice.
I think it says "takin out my freak tonight"
love that buldge
No, he hasn't forgotten, but he will LIE about all of it & more if he thinks he can win one more vote.He thinks WE are stupid
If you have the day off, consider checking out at N. End Ave & Vesey St 11a-3p. Stroll along river & eat from 5 great trucks!
didnt you work with him ? “: Drew Brees is on fire and Wow Jimmy Graham is Better then Good”
It's my birthday... I luff you and Ghost Adventures. RT?
S/o to the whole 'cuse!
the juice revolution lives on!! in #milwaukee #organicjuice #juicing easiest way to feel good, always :)
wow school it's night time here lol night
listening to mac miller just reminds me of being in europe last summer
Sneak a bottle of Ango in with your pocket square The only reason to wear a tuxedo on a week night. #MCC2012 <2 weeks away.
Love ya !
Cliff Lee is killin' it.
i sure fucking do
Appreciate the post share. Enjoy your Monday!
Had that recently, one of their best, Enjoy!
Got the clothes in the washer now too -.-
RT I feel hood as shit whenever I listen to Gucci
Keep forgetting my window don't work....
Just like new year's eve...
I'm watchin!!
Really?! I'm going to check it out. I like watching dark films now and then
The sun goes down, the stars come out; and all that counts, is here and now...
They canceled England's football match tomorrow. Shit is about to get real.
Just uploaded a new track "Hot Pursuit"let me know what you think
It's going to be something when Wood strikes out 20 people in this game.
Ard. It's like 4 people on my TL now.
We got one lens donated that shoul be great for videos and maybe ok for video. Awesome
Couldn't smoke this morning# Shit fuck'd up
Getting ready to watch Grubby vs. Thorzain in #winterarena. Going to be a great game.
yay! and i could use some live pictures :) love u.
Went on major pot bust with Lincoln County Sheriff's and DEA - $55 million. Exlcusive story tonight at 10.
I want to do something to involve all my followers in the "Night Shades" release on 04/13/2012. What would y'all like to see happen?
you are welcome, glad you found it useful.
very cool. do you use a stylus as well?
Why you doin this to me -_-
Up too damn early!
you have a hermit crab?
Thank you to all who recently followed!
LMFAO you stupid! What you doing for memorial day weekend?
Doc: "I'm a Celtic and I love our guys." Who else is with him? Tweet if you're a Celtic with hashtag
Wow the Sixers called me and I gave them my honest opinion, No Star means no ring!
If you have to keep wondering where you stand with someone, perhaps it's time to stop standing and start walking..
Team IPhone Sike!! Team android over here
#WeWontWork if you a broke ass nigga widd no money .
My mother - "You had me at the Help so many People, then lost me at the free beer"
My own belief in lack and limitation is the only thing limiting me
Nothing but Chris cross apple sauce!!! The damn best!!! Lmfao
"Learning engages the entire being- mind, body, and spirit." -Anne Conzemius ()
Writing New Songs For The Next CD
fans WE DID IT! #SB46 Champions! Following back all fans tonight!
Bucknell for a track meet this weekend!
how could you get tired of me? I will never get tired of you bby. (;
i have missed so many episodes of glee
I may addicted to iPad and somebody do something....wait just don't do anything that I'd want to repin! lols
I hate resisting unhealthy food after i finish my workouts, runs, or swims.. lol i want to demolish some carne asada fries right now D:
3 places to get one document....
he is a nice man, don't hate! (:
I think it was so sweet that every single Brewer hugged Ryan Braun after his press conference. Go Brewers!!!
RT : Good eats = good recruiting? ...and the dominance of BBQ for the #SEC? (Enjoyed this read and u will too)...
who's going to austin's concert on feb. 14? have fun :) wish i could be able to go
#listen to 103.3 the edge! and are being played!
your likes lamp, anyone can turn you on
awesome jen! Hope I see u soon :)
Let's paint the town gay.
hope you're hiring some support personnel. I've been waiting for a response to a support request for a week now.
Can we get the log in info of a YT profile if the pg hasn't been updated in yrs& the prsn who made the pg doesn't work here NEmore?
WHEN football starts I think the Title Belt should be replaced by the Diamond Cutter. Thoughts?
Paying for a storage unit full of things you don’t need but no time to babysit an ad on Craigslist? Try the ServiceBox Market Place!...
who are you again? And why do you tweet at me?
McGhee: We are great at issues and constituencies. We are not great at talking about the system itself.
welcome back! THUNDERSTRUCK!
Watching the last waltz in memory of levon!
To honor those who serve our country, we are offering free admission to theNAT today for veterans and active-duty military.
Sometimes the bricks to the forehead really do help!
The firm foundation of God stands, having this seal, "The Lord know those who are His." -2 Timothy 2:19
Someone entertain me :(
Happy shopping!! Just stopped by in Little Italy they have the cutest spring clothes and accessories.
Cilantro, I believe..
Listening to panelists regarding , and
#ImHappy because God's plan of salvation was completed 2000 years ago. It's accessible to all! Its a
I think people thoroughly enjoy making fun of the fact that I literally cant go anywhere without running into someone I know
Good weekend , wish it didn't have to end thoughh .
Three abstracts done this week and a slot secured for ESA. I love my job!
found your replacement today! This chic I met looked exactly like you. Same makeup and style! I asked do u like bacon?
Invited to do a guest blog post, carte blanche on topic. That's the philosophical equivalent of the blank page. Where to begin?
Golf in Schools - one more day of putting at Virginia Court, next week short swing.
Every age needs men who will redeem the time by living with a vision of the things that are to be. -Adlai E. Stevenson
Up to 41% of colonial NYC households owned a slave. Check out www.slaveryinnewyork.org for more on #slavery in New York.
What have you pledged to do this year to save our earth? wants to know. I have pledged to conserve more water. Wish me luck!
Just watched a documentary on 9-11 that blew my mind
come visit me later
Now I know what the nail filing and mud mask was all about.
i bought your book online last week, any idea when they might be sending them out?
Bacon & avocado? Reasonable. MT Caught daydreaming in public. Sad part: was thinking about Corner Bakery's Anaheim Scrambler.
Some days taste like lemonade Some days feel like razor blades
YOOOOOO. I AM DETERMINED TO GET A TWEET FROM YOU, BRO
#dsoc #sal2010 we are in the cloud says Anne Caputo. vol and variety of info grows
she's doing awesome!!!! Yes we must get together soon!
and kick some serious butt! Thanks for supporting Initiate!
Okay! It's decided! I'm skipping the beginning altogether! >->
\ but then she wouldn't get to do the cool projects, she'd have to go to more meetings
I forgot that I have a wedding to go to today :/
like Sabrina and nikki
god any would be happy with you
aw not cool
seems like i always had crushes on chicks i couldn't have then end up fucken wit sumbody i shouldn't have
Attn bicycle riders, I'm all for sharing the road, but the same rules apply. Driving all over, skipping lights and such make me lose respect
Good to be back in Philly! We miss you Seattle! Great time at the Nat'l HS Journalism Convention.
Time for #Touch , I've missed the last few episodes but had no time to catch up oh well
Run and Own ebook membership site niche markets 27.00 a month , first 50 get in...
you know what else is fantastic? when someone else makes you late for doctor who
Watching Sarah, our Site Coordinator, try to get magnetic tape to work - the MOST entertaining way to pass the time EVER.
DJ Lucy Wrubel will be taking care of the music for #TXScotRiteAccessLux. So excited!
Cannot wait to see it! RT ": Watching Jules rehearse her ROA performance tonight ... So proud ! Superstar"
Got homecoming tonight, hope it will be a good night and not a disaster :P
Sex weirdos unfollow me because unless you play for the NBA or the NFL I don't want what your sellin.
Writing the screenplay for my novel 'The Faithful'. Does anybody else write both the book and the screenplay? Does it make you crazy??
CONGRATULATIONS! On to Atlanta!!
I may've not survived school if we had Twttr and FBook. Back in the day! My first intraction w/ 'puters involved IBM punch cards!
Got through that with only one hold, at Wheaton.
Can you feel the love tonight? -TheLionKing
Concrete jungle March 21 dinero dynasty mixtape straight fire
ozzy had a huge dog panic attack in a beautiful yard of my friend. figured out i am the security, not the yard.
I wish! Instead I will be tending to a house full of 8-year-old girls for a birthday slumber party ... (help!)
-__- you dont know what its like... #unless?
Dreams from My Father's Advisers
This is so much more caterpillar!
Coming your way end of this week, I am at The Metropolitan Room on the 28th, but seeing Nellie McKay on the 23rd.
Hilltop Hoods - The Underground Feat Classified amp Solo Drinking From The Sun - trolleys old
My 15-yr-old daughter is using an on-line algebra tutoring company called tutorvista.com while she travels/studies abroad.
Honestly, I can't wait to go to college.
It says "COBRA" on the right head cover, so probably a Mustang, aber sicher bin ich nicht.
Regardless, it needs a book! Are you going to illustrate it? Or all prose? Both?
Just starts Twitter Today! :DD
There is only one success: to be able to spend your life in your own way. -Christopher Morley
Watch for Schweikart's next book coming in July: 7 Events that Made America America
#happinessis finding a blanket. Seeing the sun rise.
No, thank you!
What is classmate research?!
Just caught a cramp in both of my calve muscles!!!! GIVE ME PICKLE JUICE!!!
Griffin - social protests in Israel an example of how people have more hope and believe they can make change.
Idl if i'm even going to youth group tonight.
IK JEZUZ I MISS YOU GUYS
check out leaguesafe.com, good way to handle fantasy finances...
You mentioned that your Dad's side of the family has members stationed there? Would they be willing to do a phone intv?
Take 15-30 minutes each Sunday to review your goals, set priorities & evaluate action plan for upcoming week.
I'm planning a Disney World vacation w/ my wife and 2 small children - Should we stay at Wilderness Lodge or Animal Kingdom Lodge?
awww no..I am sorry to hear that my friend. :(
Great to be back on the bike... Cycled to the office today...
Ooh. My time out in the sun today made my freckles connect.
. Haha, have never been to Fry's but it sounds like a certain Best Buy location I try to avoid.
thanks, kb!
Go broke on clothes bitch I cash out
Watching Robot Chicken. Have u seen the one about ?
Did you know June 6 will be five years since you were drafted to Raw.Don't know weather to give congrats or get mad.
yeah, I agree.
Happy "Tornado" Day!
McGahee's a must start. I don't trust PT or RG. PPR Helu is a solid bet, even not PPR maybe.
Expletive expletive expletive.
#WeWantLesnar has been answered
Captain Tees was an awesome venue!
Live off of whats in your pocket, dont count on money your getting in the near future.
The Amanda Knox railroad has come to a complete stop. Thank you for visiting Perugia, Italy.
Love the team leader role. Let me know if you need anything, and I will try to make it happen!
Session in E172 all the way at the end! Looking forward to hearing some new ideas on social education.
Tiato is good, on Colorado Ave. Thyme is also really good for sandwiches, or Fritto Misto for great pasta.
ill be sure to remember this when i do something to my hair again: /
Happy New Year, Long Beach! If we could see you through the fog, we'd give you a big Hearty hug! Be safe!
miss ya dog
I love this type of weather ^.^
- Thanx for rockin' on the Heckler episode U-ROCK! Have a Smoshing day Smodcaster and an awesome Smoonear!! see ya in 2012!
#FF to our new followers, looking forward to tweeting with you! , , , , ,
MARS makes a coconut Twix. The delicious coconut is ground into the chocolate and then the same caramel and cookie. IT'S GOOD
loving Chinese landlady. Never heard better. So funny!!!!
Games are goin, beer is flowin, beautiful weather. Tell your boss your sick, this day is too good to be sitting at work.
HAHAHA!! That is stunning. Now we can watch trends in design, just like fashion. That was the 80's of web design!
just blocked her RTs. am thinking its vodka induced; given some of my decisions made under the influence, i'll cut her some slack!
Please look at the bicycle lanes in Holland. They use a divided bike/car lane system with curbed bike lanes for safety. Good 4 ATX!
WALMART has been making donations to community groups and repeating the message that it will bring jobs & stimulate the local economy.
Gotta feel a little better now!
Anyone in the Albuquerque area free around 3pm to drive me to the airport?
Yay! RT today I walked across the Chicago Thtr stage, my mom's 20 hrs in town are complete & now I go to work for 1 hour
I want too hurt that skank so bad! Lolol & I love you too!!:)
Been on holiday and now back to it! Dedicated to looking younger!
Umm 31. RT : I kept hearing my mom in my head "Well you are 30 NOW!" smh
But I'm still staying inside! It's too dangerous to party with African Americans
Thank you<3
like i said, i don't need to listen to covers.
I loved Cross my Heart. Do you follow your fans?
Just heard Prof. Loconte articulate the King's Mission thru a story abt Cal Ripken's love 4 baseball that bred excellence in baseball.
nice, where do u live these days?
#SPEEDF1 Cheaper and more effective than therapy.
Oh man
Nothing WORSE than a San Antonio FAKER LAKER FAN!! GET OUTTA MY ARENA!!
- Thanks for the mention!
Staying home today, all the crazies are out today. Sad that material things are more important than someones life.
Indy Reads is at the Coovering Kids and Families event at the health department. Come see us and learn about IndyReads!
Yo Cena what the hell was dat green stuff he spit in your eyes?
Shout out to my dude for this opening vid mix, came in real handy last night.
Reheated Ginza is still delicious GInza
Hello thanks for checking us out. Would you ever be interested in guest blogging for The Advocator?
taking a season series doesnt mean jackshit trust me i know that. We beat the heat last 3-0 remember?
Awake is waiting on my DVR. Is it worth watching knowing it won't get renewed?
You just like being a quality person. And it shows! I always love what you make, even if I haven't read the story/comic...
Real question. What would you name your race horse?
Ep3 Remake Preview Plus Updates in Description - japanese hand saws
Thanks! Her name is Lennox Evangeline.
Best. Idea. Ever.
let's go buy sum
#stpoem:The sky is the color of a battleship./ Raindrops wait with heavy breath/ tense soldiers listening / for a general's barked command/
The Grizzlies only had one player in double figures in last night's game against the
Shhhh. Hear that? It's the sound of jr's sand volleyball exploding in Georgia! We've got some exciting news coming soon!
your video made me cry.. cause it showed how much u cared about audio.i seriously have repesct for u.
Don't imagine you can change a man - unless he's in diapers
If you're in Austin, look to the east. It's a spectacular lightning show right now! So soothing (cc )
I will let you know by tomorrow, not sure I will be able to make it...
your style is terrific. I pinned your "ten ways to have a good day" told my office it is our new motto!
Free 6:00 concert in Scripps Ranch tonight (Hoyt Park), Gary Seiler & the Coast Riders (Jimmy Buffet tribute band)
how was it meeting your nose last month? (;
I loved your winery. Thanks for a great time!
RT : FINALLY 2POSITIVE AFRICAN AMERICAN WOMEN/FAMILY IN A POSITIVE ROLE
This has been one of my best days in a while : )
Drink too much last night? Go to and keep drinking with a Hi-C and eggs benedict for breakfast. You'll feel much better!
Thanks for the follow, Anum! You seem to enjoy some of the same things we do!
my body is slowly getting back to normal....I needed that sleep!
Don't EVER make a #PromiseYouCan'tDeliver
Roger Goodell, Art Rooney: Today's meeting was productive.
Learn to Appreciate the ppl who always good to you ! #Silently I appreciate you!
"The farmer stares at his two worthless children. Both of them are adopted, and today he is convinced that’s the explanation."
thanks for the kind words!
Never knew my mom could be so mad on mothers day haha
hey brother, if your not busy April 27 we are opening for Mickey Avalon at Trees, can you spin?
Great speech (& intro) by I look forward to working w/ him on issues including managed comp and economic development # SDSOC
Totally! I think I'll end up switching back and forth between FF4 & Chrome a lot. What's your fave browser?
But since I'm talking about it, I might as well thank you for fucking me up.
girrrlllll! This is my ish LOL.... I literally just hollered.
Alpha three is looking good.
Did you pick up any souvenirs in Abbotabad?
“: I'm the type of person that will try to make everyone smile, but when i need a smile, no one is there for me.”
Why is Chidi taking her sweet time to open this door.
Opposite day. RT ": I expect LeBron to play PG and have double-digit asts, Wade to close, Heat to make 8 3s and Heat to win"
Once again, snippets are not expanding (iOS) Very frustrating. Do I need to delete and reinstall app again???
hello!:) can I ask you something?:)
After all is said and done there'll still be something left to say and do.
too much!
My little round face isnt as round!
my personal is no i dont follow back on my personal but im already following you on it so yeaah:)
people are just so fucking stupid
Maybe not
OMG they are so soft too @ i pet one once xD it was a baby penguin and was ADORABLE!!:3
I'm craving Starbucks & Chipotle, odd combination but whatever <3
I've been zonked out in bed on NyQuil for the last 27 hours. Sweet, delicious NyQuil.
Patricia Wettig. Enough said.
they didn't mention him at all?
Philly fans pelt Santa with snow balls. I'm not surprised
yes Sam !!! Lol don't hate
Cheese and almond biscotti for breakfast. What a life!
themiltonjones I drank the entire contents of my drinks cabinet one night, oh how I love a first class upgrade.....
It was great catching up with you today!! Hugs!!
thanks for telling your friends about Baby Time!
One of the best dining experiences Brandon and I have ever had. Tonight. Not an exaggeration.
Between university and state, so much narchy.
we have the weirdest youth pastor ever. Lol gotta love Eric
watching you :)
Fishing with my daddy and my boyfriend!
Great result to see for SKC! 15 Points and undefeated
Zumba is my stress reliever. :)
when girls tell you you have big tits <<<<<
shin splints <<<<<
we also have a cool sporty race car for an espresso machine. Gelato to boot!
Having And Awesome Time At Barbizon
Tequila shots were a bad idea last night.
I am so excited to hear him sing Gentle On My Mind and Galveston. Not even that bummed there won't be any alcohol.
today was the 1st time I heard #saysomething lemme tell you...very impressive! Sounds like a summer song.
thanks hay did you find out if the 15th is.cool for the movie?
#smmmQ In order to master social media does your content have to all be original or does retweeting and promoting others also work?
I concentrate on exercises from the waist down, since that is the laziest part of a woman's body
not sure why but we're following her now :)
THE ADULT DANCE CLASSES FOR TONIGHT ARE ADULT ZUMBA , & MODERN ! THERES A $15 CLASS DROP IN FEE
Money flowin like a slit wrist, no bandage
Sister watching TV me in my Laptop...
Figures (: im a sophmore
The World Is Not Against Me! We are one and the same, fighting the maddness!
I may have to stop using twitter in regards to my academic life. It's prolly the most unacademic thing abt me...which is maybe not good? Eh.
Do you do early mornings? I've got a 6AM flight out of O'Hare on 4/23.
that's
Just got this statement from Jan Goldsmith: “I do not have a position on whether being gay is a choice or not."
So thankful for the new follows! Always #TeamFollowBack 👋
I like what the Falcons have done thus far in Free Agency. I do think we will miss Michael Jenkins. We also need Antonio Cromartie!
Last fucking straw
TRAFFIC - Car vs Motorcycle crash - Williamson Street @ Brearly Street - Blockage
wonder if indiana can upset kentucky tonight??
when strength training, do your ab exercises last. you don't want to use up all your core energy before getting to other muscles
I fell off track with la savings because i went to jail recently and my car was towed!
Kill no more pigeons than you can eat.
After a wicked tritip roast on the grill last night, looking forward to Amy's pasta tonight :)
So yeah...when can I move?
This album will be recorded in front of a live studio audience.
Lebron Can't Close out Games either I see With his Choking Ass
Yeah I mean I'm going to school next year for journalism and I plan on making a career out of it.
I wish I could be the host of Punk'd !
Comply with These Excellent Hints On Health and fitness | Welcome ...
Going to find it hard to concentrate on Malay on this beautiful Friday. I'd rather go for a run.
The ones you least expect come thru in a time of need.
The weather at #ftknox has been crazy this week. However, so far today is a beautiful day to be in the
Oh, you breathe oxygen too? Cool, we already have a lot in common!
Gloating: Been chosen as 1 of 4 journalists in US to interview Tuesday in DC & cover soccer clinic
RT : Have you guys seen yet? Cool website for $20 classes in Milwaukee
I thought it was going to literally shoot up the charts.
Game of Thrones time...everybody hush.
Used to be a small world, now it's the size of a freaking grapefruit
hey if you wanna loose weight make sure you work out. Build muscle. It will help keep your boobs bigger!
Landing at a modern airport only to disembark via bus a mile from the terminal makes me unnecessarily cranky
Just booked multiple photo projects in San Diego and Los Angeles. February 5-15. I do still have a few open dates in anyone is interested.
Those cobblestones are as beautiful and treacherous as the sea.
#DASER Borgia "Runaway sexual selection is unlikely to explain bower evolution because...no clear supporting evidence after 30 years."
U can go your own way
#stm2012 PubMed experimenting with showing how many articles on specific topics are being published by journals as right side graph
If you enjoy Golf turn on the Zurich Classic now!!!
# of pieces of gum my co-worker chews in a day = # of times i want to chuck norris this cubicle wall & hope it crushes her face.
whats up when the sensitivity....come on jessie..lighten up! u dont look so hot//stop hattin...VOTE FOR JEFF!!! A REAL MAN!!
Keep in mind that neither success nor failure is ever final. ~ Roger Babson
Exclusive on NBC 7 at 11.. New allegations of officer misconduct at SDPD.. This time the accuser is a fellow cop.
Book-marathon is my idea to spend a Saturday afternoon :)
Layed up w. Him , shit qets worse before it gets better <3 &; said iLoveee him w/o my heart :*
I meant 10...
no lie! There are bad ass documentaries too.
not much to do tonight
June 2nd cannot come fast enough.
I thank you.
I just won't do my homework.
Waiting for the snow to start in SE Denver. No flakes yet.
it costs $99 to replace my ipod screen.... guess i'm stuck with a broken ipod.
Miley cyrus curls. All I assk for.
RB James went 49ers not Denver; but they got Ariz St. QB.
Yu best believe the NY vs MIA game is about go DOWN!!! (in my Kevin Hart voice)
6 Castleville requests in Facebook. Stop it.
Who's needs a significant other to cuddle with if you have a cat
hey there.. I'm not trying to bug you.. However being new in Chi Town n working weekends don't u get bored during the week..
The only thing worse than boring banter is dead air. We can confidently say that our shows will be better than dead air...
i mean i've been in the club ;)
SISTER I NEED YOU :(
Morning twitter let's make this a good monday.
Loves surprises from her fiance
Justin we love u with everything we have.<3 ;)
so soon!
Out. Wont bother you with the beat story. It was a bit brutal
"our entire generation is unemployable"
I hope they do something as godlike as the Suicide Mission score from ME2. That's no doubt one of the best songs in any game.
A woman's favorite position is...CEO!!!!!! ;-)
Thanks I do too. I went to get it and they didn't have cotton candy so I panicked and ran out
Bruh TMac might be the most clutch player they have.
The concert business is a horrible business of you like money.
hiya, interesting tweet, follow me & I'll follow you back
I knew it... Damn.
Could be worse, right? 8-)
I need to take a shower. But I don't want to go ask if anyone needs in the bathroom. Wah.
some of yall still living in the past.
Yay...ACT at plantation high
it does go faster!! Just like the crosswalk button ;)
Visit us this evening for our Chicken Pot Pie. It is the perfect comfort food for a chilly fall day.
Inspiring work mate! Can't wait for the re-imagined Dear Esther
It's not really an accent, it's just a different pronunciation, like, it's not how someone says adam, it's more like adem
If a company's research has not been scrutinized by peer-reviewed journals or objective peers then it is just marketing material.
u is stupid , Tf ever
Glad you got the confirm. What a waste of a morning. Bring back old system!
Great Jewish Deli & Cocktail Hour: 1 pm w/ Henry Hong & John Shields;
Ahh ... that Springsteen ... and that Church!! :)
I know UNLV beat LMU by 30 in '90 regional final. Not sure if that's the record but if it is I feel that record may be in jeopardy today
Francois Marie Arouet Voltaire~ A multitude of laws in a country is like a great number of physicians a sign of weakness and malady.
Nvm my ppls on they way. (:
Chiddy bang>>>>Sam Adams>>> Mac miller>>> everything else
It is better to be driven to drink than be drinking and driving.
Ugh!!!!!!! Can't sleep cause I keep calling the county closure line! Please close!!!! #waiting&waiting
Shout out to all the women wearing shape ups in public.
DMV is cool. DC itself isn't my fav :)
An #Arcade Fire note: Sprawl II is probably the best song on The Suburbs even though it's the least like their old stuff. It's very new wave
Never think you're not good enough yourself. A man should never think that. People will take you very much at your own reckoning. -- Anthony
Apparently not - , you have a great employee in Pittsburgh: Donna
Hey Frank, follow me so I can DM u
"Year of the Open Map" has enabled development community that will change things...
Yes, I received a message saying that stupid "someone is saying..."
freaking loves you!!
I'm behind on everything. How do I explain to that we're behind with that, too? *sigh*
He said, "sorry, man" you dont have to look at hi. Like he was dirt. You're not Jesus you ignorant mf.
Wow what a great game last night great win san jose state now off to the gym for some running.
no I'm new.at this just trying it out
where is this one from?
YAY!! are currently chatting with an awesome !
All star volleyball on Sunday , so excited ,(:
Have gotten a few requests to perform on the Friday Night Talent show... (by a few I mean a total of 1) any1 else requesting?
When we buy from farmers’ markets, and don’t spend money on unhealthy foods, corporations get the message loud and clear.
thanks so much! =] glad ya like em!
your too smart to give up. ppl will come back to wanting live original ROCK music.
"Do one thing everyday that scares you." ~Eleanor Roosevelt
Beautiful day
Duly noted!
Yikes! Yeah, 2013 for the next copy is about right! Our library isn't even carrying 50 Shades yet.
Also worth a follow: ! Meet us there for the opening of their latest reception, this Friday.
I'm opting for leftover cookies. (Told you I'd come back for round 2!)
I think you actually have to pay for that option now, too. My parents did that for a long time.
this thing called work is keeping me from doing so
I did detox a long time ago. It was so hard the first week or so, then it got better. But why would YOU diet? LOL. flawless.
Spirit World Just Got The New Skinny Girl Sangria In!!
bring me back a tshirt from sunny Miami! I wish I was there!
yeah I got you
It must be awkward when GPS navigation tells gay people to go straight.
Total bummer. I wish Ralph the best.
no worries hun! and yh sure :) x
I've never been late to work, but I still like to think that my punctuality award is in recognition of my clever wordplay.
shout out for all the power moves yall making and have made.
"i swear to drunk I'm not god"
For all the Dallas mav doubters. Think back to last year. They are never out of any series.
u don't seem excited at all...smfh.. Have a great day
The next person to use the term "brogrammer" is getting punched in the face. You've been warned.
Sorry - Shiraz and Sexy Beast Cabernet Sauvignon Very good wines from stellar winery Two Hands
mybad hah I ain't caller her creepy she chill I'm sayin the pic do
You should do a profile like that! Super slick.
im following =D
Girl in disgust working your stuff. Until he thinks about mine now he's feeling real high,you ask why cause he mine.
A over the counter will do it everytime frist (mj) and now (WH) fame got theses mother fuckers tripping watch I bet bobby going O/D crack
draw me back :P
hey, it was a great article -- thanks for posting it!
": Temple Run , boring AF now" I know how you feel!!! Temple Run be my last resort.
I just feel like you have no feelings for me what so ever,your just playing me.
Nice. Sometimes you just need to vent.
no one yet. I haven't even started looking yet.
THINKIN LIKE A MAN....
my dads gonna get in an accident like that.. he needs to stopbeing a bitch.
Do the right thing. It will gratify some people and astonish the rest. – Mark Twain
yippee it's Deano!! Yes will check it out I def need all the $ tips I can get!!
#Truth RT I am tired of ppl wanting religious ppl to change their way of thinking
Not to be mean or anything but I LOVE YOU! HAHAHAHAHA IM FUNNY jkjk(: PLEASE NOTICE ME(: Okay, okay(:
I don't know why, but I just randomly miss MASC State.
If they said wardrobe was track suit I don't know why people wouldn't be wearing them unless they don't own them...
Omg! *jimi jam please fuk my bitches friends!!
Watching Shake It Up makes me happy. Seeing Rocky and CeCe makes me smile.
Good bro just werking!!!!!
quite asking me to click on you spam a*holes!!!
Our PM, Will Anderson, giving a great presentation at #AgileUX event in
Brain Floss: 20% percentage of patients wear braces between the ages of twenty and sixty.
wanna ride on cee lo's broomstick, you know I got that harry potter on my mind
What Arabs you know make pizza.!?
good morning
I'm not surprised ya Smarty pants!
It certainly is not too soon!
Congrats - big news.
that was the doing of but great!
I would put money on it.
I know I'll be super productive tomorrow because the rum and coke told me so...:-/
Hey fellow student filmmakers! Who's going to this year? Looking forward to seeing everyone!
Ralph Waldo Emerson~ Let me never fall into the vulgar mistake of dreaming that I am persecuted whenever I am contradicted.
Never underestimate a girls ability to find out things..
Bleh. Bad sunburn.
Chilling watching the hustle
Dance is an art, paint your dream and follow it. -Steven Thompson
#thoughtsduringschool Cheating? Bitch please. If I was cheating I wouldn't be failing this class. Ha!
I can't loose bitch I'm so used to winning
Depends on source RE: #Q5: rate or value an art critique differently online than print? #ArtHour cc
. I know plenty of celebrities, like Red Skelton. Everyone loves the creatives. But it's the salesmen that make things happen.
Thats why I suggested sending to AD's Mailboxes and Emailboxes...but you are right MD's and Boards as well!
Idk what to say...
At least on one side. :)
I'm confused- never thought you did!
yes if I can still keep what little pride I have left afterwards
Great opportunity today to shoot a PSA on safe driving: Be smarter than your smart phone! *Buckle up - Phone away - Focus on...Driving!
But, you know, hurricanes. And 90+ degree weather plus humidity. Things I don't miss.
We're having a beautiful weekend in Seattle!
Letter from organizers of Carolina Rebellion will be read at 8:15 thurs morn with Woody&Wilcox. www.1065.com
Can't wait to watch fox tomorrow live? I think so! :)
Sometimes all it takes is a phone call - interviewing a National Geographic Librarian on Tuesday.
Think I have an ear infection. Ears are killing me. Def taking something tonight to sleep :/
Exhausted. Good night, Milwaukee.
In honor of the Kentucky Derby and Oreo's 100th Birthday- I'm eating an Oreo in a big floppy hat.
It's due preferably tomorrow at class time, but I'll take them up to 4pm at my office. MB hope for rogue asteroid? ;-)
“: I wish I had the opportunity to open for summerjam. hopefully by next year I will b on that level”keep
you are ridiculous. Happy Thanksgiving.
Sang Josh
we goin for a run
thanks will do!
Edit it down to about half and call it a short story.
$2.00 BEERS Tonight..Bottles & Drafts! Go Yankees!!
Thanks for following, Joel!
It's a good #hair Day!!!
#Marco's tonight!!! Then #GoBuckdGo! I like my boring life :-)
happened to catch a piece of a "hoarding" show. the common characteristics among these people is that they are all fat and stupid.
Thank you! Looking forward to seeing you next week!
Take a Chance, Lose Your Pants <-- I think this should be our new slogan :)
which game soccer or basket ball ?
im bored!
Shockra! no way #Everybodysgotapistol back in Portland ME when I was coming up. I see you're in Philly this wknd, how long?
Love our city : Good Morning, Sunshine :) Today will be 56°F and mostly sunny. Yeah. This weather rocks.
- Its Gorgeous<3
omg im so bored! can someone tell me what to do?! #help!
Dear puppy..... www.boydavid.net The Dear Abby of kink
All day in Eastern Market and almost 7 miles walked... Now we're trekking to Georgetown. Love days like this.
I have a few friends that are the best!
Time to snooze0;)
no ATL shows
haha! Hey its my off season. Give me a minute and I can get it ripped ;)
S/O to Cleveland! Am I wrong?
Well I am getting paid $2 dollars an hour to shop! I am on call tonight!
have you heard about that food that makes women not want to have sex anymore? It's called wedding cake
LOL that song doe
IT WAS A FIREFIGHT!
damn right.
Three biggest winners tonight: 1) Richard Murdouck, 2) Scott Walker, 3) federal prisoner
(Frank McKinney) Look out for the fellow who lets you do all the talking.
Lewin offers a model of change: unfreeze, movement, and "refreeze" - this concept seems applicable to both individuals and organizations.
: There are A LOT of things that make a BOSS a BOSS a lot of which can't be explained....(can't tell the unexplainable)
This week, Congressman Ed Perlmutter will join us to answer your questions. What should we ask him?
thinking of how I could have done it differently...and wondering if it hit the mark. You?
how's the processing speed on the Droid? Any freezes?
I heard what happened with Ur account. I feel so bad, I'm sorry that had to happened to u :(
Busy busy day today! Happy Friday!
i know:)
That is really awesome! So much for that million dollar idea - on to the next one. I will do this with Baby Reding for sure.
Of course: pinstagram.co
I feel a cold coming on strong Not good!
Now I'm hungry. MT Tonight: Jerk Baby Back Ribs, jicima slaw, potato salad; seared duck w/ fruit couscous; sausage penne bake
I wanna go to the movies tonight
It was at the Wool Warehouse. They were shooting some TV show there And we got to see them and some other bands, I was on TV!
!Es un placer!
Solid. You added a #skill or #hired someone?
loves November sunshine! Winner Winner ! Vitamin D anyone?
Pick flowers, not baby names.
It's happened to me, too. Sucks. Possible to find a replacement at a junkyard instead of buying new? Might save $$$.
I am hyped too man, follow me and earn a free doggy treat.
Allergies please go.
César Chavez Festival. Happening right now on 24thSt, btw Harrison & Bryant. Charros, music stages, food, arts & crafts. Mission. SF
I am lost ? what onlune exclusive show got picked up by broadcast tv ?
Breaking: #sabres commit to never winning a stanley cup by giving vote of confidence to a coach who is a proven loser.
Does Manu's ear injury count as a "west coast Willie"
Noah miller no he doesn't have facebook but I might have a pic of him hold on a min
Beyond Irritated :/
Kevin Gregg pitching in a tie ball-game. God help us.
with my boy vee and alex make sure to check out the site www.platinumposts.com
I've been looking for months man lol
hey.. Ricky is muhhh BFF. We're like spaghetti and syrup <3
Nf you back
We can extract the Cannabinoid that either makes you hungry, relieves stress, pain, And take away "negative" effects some don't like
Today, mostly, I will be doing a huge amount of nothing... Pass the remote honey...
didn't mean to unfollow you. Twitter is stoping folks off my list again.
how about we... read to each other from that new 'lost' Octavia Butler while we listen to some sweet jams from Fungus?
no it's just healing from the surgery
Yeahh keep sleepin on the Pacers
Scenes from travel, pt. II: Still metro: women from part I stops singing, pauses, loudly asks "Anyone here a Christian?" No one reacts.
I'm thankful for family, food, and...wait, what? It's CHRISTMAS?
Want to know where leads come from? Then change the client intake process to ask the question!
Taking 4 college classes in one day on Tuesdays and Thursdays. Oh boy.
Haha really?! lol what's her name?
Good morning world s/o
ok so the bulls lost......but i see fear in miami's play.....the upcoming final game will set the tone for the playoffs.......#paybacktime!!
I *curtsy* in your direction. Tis the only time I'll be lady-like. I promise. ;) Thanks for the follow.
you have twitter on fire tonight!
I miss good music man. I honestly don't vibe with much of anything that comes out nowadays... and damn sure don't dare buy an album.
Yeah, just lost my business, too. I'll be moving my sites as soon as they're back up.
Honestly, who the hell is Donna Summer?! I have never heard of her in my entire life.
Stretched, 50 push-ups, 50 sit-ups, and jogged for 30mins. Ready to bike later on #getfit >
I can't lose hre
I wonder what software Derek Blanks use. Dude is a Photography genius!
Come out to Minnesota AIDS Walk 2011 today. We're playing a free all ages show this afternoon at 12:15.
I can't WAIT for Memorial day with and two other losers 😁
and Please meet? :D
That shower >
Online tonight? @ reply me with Beth Week in your tweet for a bonus to be tweeted back to you! :)
Yep I know Christy. I think we met through
OH YEA - #BeerFriday time....
I find it amusing that there's a Kony 2012 poster on the corner where the guy had a naked freakout.
Did yall kno its legal to sell children in mississippi?
still don't understand why I've never heard "Love Never Dies" in the club or at festivals. Nice track!
#UpAllNightHP My mom signed up
i would but im on follow limit...its so dumb but when im off, when ever that is ill follow u back:)
“: I just dropped $2,200+ in lenses. Tough.” Doing it right. Props buddy.
awww thank you so much! We saw a huge boost in entries after you posted!
good choice.
It's ski day!!
Laser print, a toner dust used instead of ink has become very popular
Said it once, twice, 3 times a lady lol But really, The Harp has one of the best jukeboxes in town, as well as cheap Lone Star every night.
wtf is this demon child D:
Thanks, guys! I work at The Sound Emporium on Belmont Blvd, maybe we could grab some PM one afternoon?
Thanks, Melanie! Great to meet you, too. Will be fun to keep posted on each others careers. All good things in 2012!
Rain on your way to work this morning? Tune in now to NBC 6 and find out
I'm using the Blackberry ex. ROI and Social Media. Does your company measure the ROI on giving you a smart phone? Thanks
I really thought he might get it done!
that's deep. respect. 
Just curious...Who is this Briggs woman? Why is she being tweeted about?
Where will you be watching game? If not at the Forum tonite, swing by Bleu,enjoy a little bit of uptown while you're downtown.
Today in jazz: 1898 Drummer Zutty Singleton born in Bunkie, LA.
do you happen to have a extra pair of tickets for tommarow???....?
I remember one time in 7th grade when some kid snorted beer salt and his nose started bleeding. LOL
MAKE KONY FAMOUS! the worst.
Treading lightly...
yeahh that's the plan I think.
wonderous valentines day drama has begun near my stoop with weeping woman & drunken man fights...love, lust & votka is in the air.
but is it?
One way or another my dream is gong to come true!
That akward moment when I don't feel like shit !!
Bandits & Warped tickets this morning !
Need a little praise and worship music to prepare for the Word :) Glad we could be of assistance
Was that an earthquake or did you just rock my world? #idareyou to try this #badpickupline at the club tonight.
Just found my moms stash I solos This is gonna be a busy night..
#Poet, #SpokenWordArtist Host of The Lyrical Sublime Follow
Can't wait to get in the studio.
We catered the #AAJA Sacramento Media Access Workshop and missing you
I didn't hear that and I'm watching too haha
Amen! Perhaps Obama could wise up hearing such wisdom.
Love me some DEGA! #NASCAR #88 all the way
Breathe easy... today is another opportunity to mastermind how i'm going to win.
2 years ago today, our founder sketched first N100 drawing. 2 short years later, we have made a huge impact. Thank you for your efforts!
I spent the entire day at Lincolnwood mall. I had a lot of fun and ran into some old friends.
If i had a dollar for every time a country song says blue jeans or truck.
oh no! Are you ok? Your car?
Marcus Washington defends his 155 pound title!
Spent Cinco de Mayo at Cracker Barrel with no regrets and not a drunk in sight. May just make it an annual thing.
I was born in Beverly and grew up in Rose Hill so a niqqa better recognize. I grew up but I'm still a G at heart! Who gone check me niqqa!
Have a dose of a day to keep your mojo saying hey.
CONFESSIONS OF A DOG: 3+ hour scathing condemnation of Japanese police corruption and complacent journalism. Shun Sugata's a powerful actor.
Maui Academy of Performing Arts will be performing on Friday at 6:45 p.m. Great kids! Awesome talent!
it's ok
Our fee is based on a percentage of the first year's annual salary for each candidate upon commencement of employment.
Does Coach Leech have Twitter? Someone tell him they dropped the charges against Kaufusi so its all good now. Now let him play.
Chris Rix: Bobby Bowden was told if he would have been FSU HC next yr he would have to be in booth and not on sidelines.
In honor of our 3rd anniversary on Twitter, can you guess our top 3 most distributed fresh produce items from the past year?
You never realize how offensive your music is until your parents are sitting in the passenger seat.
Back to sleep I go
Hey! mind me asking where you and your bridesmaids got ready? :)
U.Va. rowing team and men’s soccer team honored for NCAA championships today at White House.
If you got an empty spot on your fantasy team, Fantasy Einstein says pick up Emmanuel Sanders, WR for the Steelers and stash him for a while
S/o to all my new followers....
Brek Shea&#39;s Blog: Trying to ignore the transfer rumors
40 pairs of boots just went out to the Front Range to help keep a bunch of 7th graders toes nice and cozy!
is that in phoenix?
when 's puppy is my background on my phone >>>>
Definitely! RT : All life is an experiment. The more experiments you make, the better – Ralph Waldo Emerson.
You're allowed to marry your fucking cousins in certain states, some of which still have yet to legalize gay marriage lmao
just made this up well with the help of the real version:D Hope u guys like itill send this in the next one tweet
watching Nathan
YouTube is down. What? -_-
you win!
lol when have you ever texted me ? I don't even have your number !
Who is Boy Howdy on the Brock and Salk show? I think u and Boy Howdy are much better than Brock and Salk.
That's it. You're out of the club.
It will be so awkward if I'm asked to join the war on women. Especially if the opposition has strap-on dildos.
We hope you can join us today at noon for Charlotte Silver's book talk on, Charlotte Au Chocolat: Memories of a Restaurant Girlhood.
CP3 won't allow a game 7. Too good.
already on it! Lol
Off to dinner with my wonderful wife!
Thanks for the encouragement!!
maybe they are Brewer's announcers. Hm! :-)
OMG i know! i'm chewing her ass out on facebook though
what? lol no u didn't I hit u back the last time. My b but Im comin to cuthbert to vision next Friday.
I WISH I WAS AS SUCCESSFUL AS YOU
I'm going to spend all day listening to the listing of OPB affiliates on repeat.
2 Finals tomorrow & I feel like it's already break...not good.
Filner says he says no to "further extortion" of taxpayers to build a stadium.
RT : runs errands all over #SF to prepare for the #Cotillion on March 31st! Couldn't have done it w/o awesome support from...
Osama bin Laden dead.
They're searching for someone who may have been part of a chase that ended behind Calvary in a self storage place.
“: RT too many people are morons today - anyone know which of my tweets this morning was an attack on Christians?” none!
New phone! Bout time
New #Sheen shirts at gotbaals.com :-)
Thanks for the follow bro!
Scrabble night returns from a hiatus TOMORROW at 7pm. Will we see you there?
should I stay or should I go?
Can anyone recall a more unlikable Boston team -- from management right down to the players -- than this Sox team? I can't.
Let a great opportunity slip right through my hands!!
If life had a reset button like games did.. I'd eventually get away with robbing a bank
5am wake up is much nicer than a 5am bedtime. It's nice to finally have a life again and be back on my daily regimen!
AAPT - WILL SEE DOLLAR LAND - Watch and learn :). Big accumulation happening in the .03's - about to pop. Called by me first at .0013!
Russell Westbrook actually looks like a grown up Russy from Runs House...
Use tools often? Try this: avoid rusting tools by placing mothballs or silica packets in the toolbox to absorb moisture.
next up: Gopaldhara Wonder Tea from India. The Ceylon OP left my mouth with a tannic residue. Wonder Tea promises a cleaner finish.
you so cute! Xo
Wyd": Followed :)": follow me boo""
Agreed. She is the Paula Abdul of the Academy Awards. Could they not get Rachel Zoe?!
I dun like it when older people come to me for relationship advice... Um, you're 27... I'm 20 0.0
Come see diary of a catholic school dropout sunday @ 6pm at the whitmore lindley theatre in north hollywood! Last show!!!
Thank you. will be requesting a meeting early next week to discuss all the new things we added in the past week.
At chocolate bar in cleveland. They are out of mint...so no mojitos and no chocolate candy bars...The chocolate bar with no candy bars...IDK
#FF Fellow Rice grad student, historian of material culture of Atlantic world, and good friend:
Welcome to Packer Nation! Ted couldn't have made a better pick.
i mean was he serious? too funny that was RT : #Cowboys' Tashard Choice gets Philadelphia Eagles' Michael Vick autograph
My suggestion would be to walk away from the 90% who don't and join the 10% who do. -Jim Rohn...
I can't wait for your music video to come out :)
What does not contain love must contain an illusion.
Gonna try that tomorrow am! Thanks hun!
well technically, does anyone ever say it out loud? It's mostly webspeak. I myself have eschewed nada for the holiday.
to get followers tell them what they want to hear.
#fannight ITS A GAME AGAIN!!!! ROSE! DENG!
what's a receiver? Like what do they do?
It's so... Every one in their last yr summer fits.. lmao
"It just won't fit." - Waitress to me, when putting the to-go top on my salad.
It is better to deserve honors and not have them than to have them and not deserve them.
Yes, a Great artist...and so talented! Love her beautiful voice!
Can't believe The guys on Mike and Mike are rationalizing the bounty system the Saints had and they think it's part of the game
Already did, follow back
as a really (I mean really!) amateur photographer who doesn't use photoshop etc, I set it to JPEG. Learning as I go..
No one is a virgin life screws us all.
This is not a good message - don't open it! We were hacked today! So sorry.
What is the source of your quote about jurisdictional aspects of #domain name regulation?
Looking for the best IDX solution for a real estate client website. Prefer PHP.
thanks big man
The greatest challenge in life is to decide what's important and to disregard everything else.
Gone with the Chocolate
what's your WWF name? I'm silver_sparrow
Cant wait to take my pictures next week
What do you think we'll be serving after the Deer Run?! Dr. Thunder, of course!
I see u boah
see iCare Family Health Services posting apply for provider positions in AZ to help consumers with disabilities.
early holiday shopping - every year this same weekend
I hope this means a San Francisco tour date coming soon!
You have got to go. Great food. Great bars. And the people are so nice and interesting. LOVE IT!
Thank you! Drinking good coffee every day is success in our book! Will you be in town for #SXSW?
yw! have a great weekend too!
caroline!! i know, i feel we are kindred spirits!! how is 1L? do you feel more lawyer-ly since the last time i saw you?
I'm sure a nice, long massage would calm you down! So if you just start on my shoulders
Houses specifically or apartments? My complex is pretty safe. . . but some people have said otherwise. I like it. =P
RT : Get your money up . Then y'all can beef by playing big bank take lil bank
Awww...I miss you friend! How are you?!
"and I know there's so much more to find, just in looking through myself and not at them..."
Long day of work, work, work again, and then a work meting...trip to california please hurry
Everything, gone.. cause of that one person, cant even tell her i love you anymore ? she doesnt know how hard that is too do
We're happy to welcome new #PENCILPartner Levi Eichenstein of Congrats on your partnership at P. 811 K in BK!
& Thank you for a wonderful event last night at The Palace Grocery in Santa Fe.
"no ill drop it off" can't you just bring it to school and give it to me?
Heard Netflix is losing the DVD portion of the company and just going streaming video. This will be the end of netflix. Better believe it
too bad, too b/c I might go meet Chi #OMPF alum at a famous gay show tunes bar: Marie's Crisis.
#Germany. General Hooker like to drink, gamble & womanize. Read all in GENERAL HOOKER'S GAL by CathyLLogan $2.99 Amazon/Kindle
#LetsGoOs Jake is balling. GO ORIOLES.
Miami Fade County
#highschoolmemories dipping a tampon in dr.pepper and throwing it at the white board.. it stuck!! ; D
lots of food!!
Agreed. Really enjoyed it. (Congrats on Stitches, by the way!)
Another confirmed T&I Member to speak! Thrilled to have Congresswoman Jean Schmidt speak again this year!
what do you play?!?!
Camp might have actually done that girl some good.
I'd give anything just to be by your side.
yeah. Always!
If you like our backpacks, you'll definitely love Hound Comics! Like their page on facebook, it would mean a lot to them and us.
1st day @ my new job after not working 4 over 20 years I have a management job doin wat I luv 2 do God is good
Uhhmm...apparently this dance is the Derek show...
Preschool daughter's favorite road trip game: Mama, guess if I'm looking at you!
how's the baby doing? Finding time to workout?
...meant learn *more* PHP and become better at it than chuck it and focus on Ruby from the ground up.
WTF! Tami come on man you gotta do better lol
not yet, not exactly, but def losing that client.
Lightening up business people's day by singing TSwift to them in the lobby. I am so going to heaven.
What was your most memorable part of Market Days and if you have outrageous pics, send them hehe.
The feeling you get when you understand something in math class..
Lizbeth, was that a hint?
Thanks! “: can collaborate as view only, edit & add only, & edit, add, & delete modes. found under "create".”
Fathers day is coming up, ties are the perfect gift! thesilktie.com
#whitepeople s #Lameassnigga tweets are funny.
#Apple = genius, right? So why cant I add a photo to an email I'm composing? We have #Siri but no in-email photo additions?
hahaha we thought you'd like that!!
Congrats to the Gotham All Stars!
yeah it was pretty much snow free January so can't complain.
I don't find the NFL draft boring.
opportunity is a given in life.
so tired :(
can you send me the pictures?
The Pigs At The Trough.....who NEVER get enough!
Midden family is hilarious
yes. Apes was great.
I got that same thing from the same number!
1) I see nothing wrong with pressuring Obama from left & expecting him to act like a Democrat in 2012 cc
1976, my bad.
You know it girl! I'm too excited! It's gonna be the best one yet! *happy dance*
Bravo and Congratulations on opening a your art gallery. Good luck at the opening tonight in Marina Del Rey, CA!
Looks like I've been hacked. Sorry.
Aaauuuggghhh my sinuses!
IBM analytics technology helps with MS research - Health Imaging
Burma! why'd you say Burma for? I panicked.
that is the most amazing thing I've seen omg I'm so jelly!!!! Ah
Happy bday to the most amazing awesomest coolest girl in the world
DAMN IT!! I am still on Twitter follow limit. Those bitches are doing this to me specifically, I mean come right, WTF here? THOSE BASTARDS!
Just discovered #Chocolove Cherries & Almonds in Dark Chocolate!!!!! Simply Amazing!
my puppy :o
Excellent post! Hourly rates tend to affect culture as well.. another harmful effect. Hope you are doing great.
& some chocolate <3
Traffic will be sumtin to look forward to when all cars r selfdriving. Til then Ill continue regretting owning a manual transmission
So good to see the great driving the #98 car at Daytona. It is going to be a big season!!
Aw, thanks. You might want to follow too—fellow NC'an (albeit in Asheville), writes about culture and politics.
Hey just too say change your password the dm is a hacker. Dont click on it hun!
OMG. How big is that burger? I feel sick just looking at it!
Tonight 6pm @ Culbreth Theater: Engaging the Mind features 3 UVa professors discussing Civil Rights, Women’s Rights and Human Rights.
thanks Harvey DM me real quick
If it feels good, your not doing it right.
Quicker path to the majors is Vitters. To me Flores has to hit double digit HR this season & not sure he can. I roll Vitters pal
I almost had a heart attack because I thought you followed me.,. It wasn't you... :(
Good Morning! Have a Super-Sensational Saturday..............Spread Love
This is gonna be good..
what flowers do you have tattooed on your arm??
I'm just throwing this out there, but is or is not "the crow's nest" an over-used codename for clandestine or secretive locations?
so what if Biden says... smartass...good for him..just keeping it real and real people can't handle it!!! Whatever
Which circle of hell is reserved for people who have the headsets and play video games online?
Don't invent in people what is not there.
lol I kno how he feels. But when ever u wanna get better hit me up hopefu;;y u got ps3
We will be open on Sunday,regular hours.
I miss my puppy.
howdy y'all!
Just finished d of e - oww my feet
Thinking of starting a band called The Fat Bettys.
Brr. Many fails today. No umbrella. Borrow someone else's. Wind turned it inside out. I'm very very wet anyway. No more short walks in rain.
I try to block out time each week to spend away from work, even if it is during normal "working hours".
oh no! Why?
Dinner and drinks at AND no work tomorrow?! Life is so good! A perfect way to start my weekend!
yeah. For the Zappos Vibram video.
I truly think Marshall and Lilly are one of the cutest couples ever...
Enjoyed my baby 2nite
the smaller your thumbs the better your hands are for 10-fingered typing. I rarely use only my thumbs to type.
#Dance History Fact|American #Dance & Screen LEGEND~Fred Astaire was born as Frederick Austerlitz on 5/10/1899 in Omaha #Neb~Via
One day you'll realize you miss me But just remember you left me and I never said Bye. <|3 Follow.? RT.?(:
bad karma
: looks like your talk was spectacular. Wish I'd been there to meet you!
At the Villa Merced Valentine's Event.
Kick Up Season
Out to walk before the snow descends.
Awesome girls night "out"! Mizzou wins! Kids quiet in bed, on the couch w/Hermione watching "A Fine Romance" w/Judi Dench life is good.
On a quest for sushi.... non non (hopefully)
Umm I'm hungry...and I wANT SOMETHING GREESY
KEEP TRYING!
: official sponsor of AA
"where the dmca was surgical, pipa and sopa are nuclear"
follow me please thk :)
If you're ever looking for a registered investment advisor to manage your 401(k), let us know. Happy to refer you to a proven firm we trust.
Ugh today is going to be a long as fuck day!!
This game is frustrating me. >:O
my favs r I love u death, ghostride the whip and whatcha gonna do with it. :D U?
the message! my secret? i adopted this thing pretty early. and sometimes I say clever things to celebrities.
Snuggling with my puppy! Time for some sleep!
just wait and see!
Me and my bestfrenn conversation right now >>
You are rubbing in the "i'm in NOLA and you are not"
it's gonna be so freakin' hot for pants and boots tho, thank god there isn't a dress code. Make it werk!!
To the people who have hired me, and not flaked, I wholeheartedly thank you.
I also have potato soup. SOUP SOLIDARITY!
Going to be in the 80's next week!
OKC Balln on dem bitches,,,,, K.D fa M.V.P!
well, I'll stay in Long Beach, from there it takes only 40mins to the inner-city of LA :)
#NYTM ...in the clever words of the CartoDB founder himself "SQL API is a real man's API"
awkward moment when your dog is staring at you when your eatting o.0
Google "yellow cake"
was going to write my commitment to the next book, but felt compelled to do 4 rewrites of the commitment. OMG, OCD? Nah, just picky.
The puppies & kitties are whining Happy Mother's Day at me. LOL
Anybody know anything about , the Association of California Insurance Companies? Want to do better with my money.
If you're white and don't know your privilege, then damn son. Open your eyes son.
Limiting access to advance study in the humanities is not the way to improve the job market in the humanities, says Berman.
I love S.A. so much I wish you were here! Training's still underconstruction lol...
