ALL I GOTTA SAY IS L.O. fuckin L
Home improvement always costs more, if you don't understand the way the contracts are structured to mislead you. I help you understand.
you are so attractive it isn't even funny
I can't deal. Smh,
My weather buddy says chance for some wet weather towards the end of the weekend - but dry conditions will be here until Sat.
The sages are correct: riches are not measured by wealth, but by deep, loving attachments.
pro tools and logic pro mostly. Mainstage for the live stuff :)
WHO DO YOUSE THINK I'M ROOTING FOR?!?!?
lmfaoo I know !
"The King is dead. Long life the King." I want to weep for King Kenny Dalglish.
Tonight at the Illusive Skull Costume Castle in Morgantown we will be playing an acoustic set.. GO!
My boyfriend is just so cute! <3 :)
I have a recurring dream where I buy a super nintendo and in a flea market and when I get home to play nothing works
One Direction is like family to me if you talk about them I will CUT you cause no one talk about them so bad (;
Came back from dance rehearsals and singing rehearsals !!! Wow I'm tired !!!! Good day , good life ! Thanks god !
Hi im hakim a new author I have a very interesting biblical book coming out late may I think u will enjoy call age of the beast
Thanks for being on the show Lots of great insight and tips for women in business.
if its top secret i can DM you my contact info... lol
GREEN FEST BABY!
thanks for abandoning me and letting me take all the heat !
how did you figure out it was me?
Walking aroun my house with my jewelry on and my hair done. I WANT TO PUT ON MY DRESS 👗
That sounds fun! Let us know when it is up!
1 word: styleguide. Or is that 2? : Amazing how many new terms can be debated for hyphens or spaces i.e. check-in
I'm here later than my boss. that never happens!
My body is aching
got ready and made it to school in 10 mins!
Have you gone to PAUL? I miss that place. Best croissants.
i just hate messi and barca, both in my opinion are equally good. everythings good, i have my exams this week.
Not soon enough
Don't forget we are still selling shirts and CD's!Let us know if you are interested! :)
Happy Monday!
is a co-sponsor of the Chinese Lunar New Year Fest at Fashion Square Mall, 2-4 p.m., February 20th.
I'm watching :D this is gonna be great !
I'm officially on board the "Sons of Anarchy" train. This show is incredible.
I don't really know what conference I'm supposed to cheer for... I just like "M" teams with the color gold
Romney goes from Super Tuesday's Big Mo to Big "Meh."
haven't seen it, heard its good. Have Fun!
#NowPlaying Hampton Hawes Quartet: All Night Sesison, Vol. 1 w/Jim Hall, guitar, Red Mitchell, bass n Bruz Freeman, drums on 11/12/56, wow!
We're at right now! Come by to pick up your shirt and have a warm up beer!
I have seen walk out of SDCC meetings w/out voting on SD issues.
Thanks for RTs, Bud!
oh cuz i have a friend who would like to talk to him for encouragement in her life her name is kaeley so if u talk to him
Now bouta chnge this diaper and put her to sleep cz we gt an early day 2mrw... Goodnite :)
Instead of calling playwright Mike Daisey a liar, shouldn't we call Ira Glass a lousy fact-checker?
Not here to listen to all these old men talk. #TheVoice please. Now.
Opening today: "IndiVisible: African-Native Lives in the Americas" Race&Family
lol, true! RT : 11 yr olds nowadays have a iPod touch, iPad, laptop, and a Facebook. When I was 11, I felt cool w/ new markers.
The fact mw and my niggas just made a dougie video in kroger tho
its no problem
#shehechat okay folks I'm off to bed.
Celebrate today. Thankful to be alive!
Can't wait!!
#ThingsThatINeed a nice long relaxing break
I'M WATCHING WAKAS MY PEEPS KEEP MAKING SHOWS WE LOVE PEACE
Lubbock tomorrow. After a trip to P. Terry's of course. Night y'all!
Everything I own has paint on it...
can I get a ShoutOut?
My team. We swaggin out. GET IT?!
Listening to Eminem before school <3 :)
(For your job,) they don't! I agree with you about that.
It better start thunderstorming.
its soo sunny mybe ill go out side;)!
YES. I still have my BU London student ID, maybe it still will work? hahah
Creating tag associations to replace the static meta tag keywords for my co. Allow for flexible assoc of content and canonical keywords.
More emails?! Jackpot! #signmeup “: RT : Coming your way: The best of Twitter in your inbox, via our new email digest”
saw the bleacherreport took down your offensive post about the Montana Little League team, but thought I'd warn you the word is out.
The Adamouski art competition--An International art competition for all emerging artists!
Not only has this been the bee's knees; it's been the bee's entire leg!
you give the best advice on visiting though!
I am convinced that some drunk tweeting is going on or people on Twitter or under age AF
They wanted a fight?
Please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please
thanks Wayne!!
Ari has a small car.
Will you get #dirtywaterhotdogs with me soon??
When I watch scary movies and the killer is right behind them I just want to slap them and say turn around!
#TextMessagesFromAStalker I don't like that color on you .. o_O
"Mum meet my boyfriend" *shows her my computer.* "He sings to me every day. His names Austin Mahone."
turkey burgers..but not for me..I don't eat meat :)
cool :D
thanks for the RT!!
true that!! And yes<333
There you go bruh I'm waiting to hear if I'm the list or not.
I've been meaning to come check out your place.....
Solve the jobs problem by having WalMart and Target build factories in the US for 30% of their products. Creates jobs,customers and taxes!
I get that it's 80 degrees outside but you're spending your entire day in an air-conditioned building so put on some clothes.
I feel weird asking, but is this the Sara Meehan I know, or someone else? Either way I'll still follow you, you have an SKC scarf
good morning DC WordCampers! Registration and breakfast is at 8:30 in the Research 1 building at GMU. Park in the sandy creek parking deck
Sinking in the couch with
no lo digas :(
internet business opportunities
I agree. It is way beyond a prank.
it's so nice outside
absolutely. It was superior.
Im From OKC :D
Hi. Can u DM me? It's important.
Now I feel like I'm the only one investing feelings..... Some things just shouldn't matter anymore.
Rayelle thought I was dumb enough to ride DEATH (Ring of Fire)!
Sorry and I love you are the same. They don't mean shit nowadays.
#AintNothingLike that early morning breakfast with your lil brother :)
A politician thinks of the next election - a statesman, of the next generation. -James Freeman Clarke
Love me some Pat Summit. She will be missed.
True or False: Men who classify themselves as liberal Democrats are more likely to have sex on the first date.
I could be here all day, but I've gotta paint.
I've been trying to contact since I placed my order. it took forever to get a response, & now thy say it's too late to do anything.
Too bad not true this time ... #WalkerFailure spins #divideconquer, "Most politicians say things and don't follow up on them."
We do not consider any volunteer hours in the total of company giving. Hope this helps!
I didn't make any reference to the stress of your sexuality dude
I'm watching Rocky(: <3
Awesome! : NYC cabbie totally chewing me if is very plain. Ugh, not leave them behind exchange.
I am so sick of school. I hate it i hate it ihate it i hate it.. -_-
thx i really want more followers
2 big wins for today. We shipped Alpha of a startup & close a deal on another very cool startup.
I'm all packed for the trip tomorrow. Going to see my Mosie Dog and prepare myself for her passing later in the week.
Orton can only take you so far before he crumbles under pressure...
"JanetJackson:Cesaria Evora, agreat talent who brought her African islands music to the world n 1of my favorites, will be missed."
I'm surviving... I hope to come visit soon so we can catch up! I miss our movie nights...
I LOVE SOMEDAY I LOVE IT IT SMELLS LIKE HEAVEN ♥
Hair scarfs in public :(
This in one wild debate. Every candidate fired up.
Stick a fork in Greg Oden
Congrats on the newborn ! Who's the father?
thank you :)
Do I have tests too?
Happy mother day mommies
that's so cool!
can i spam anyone with one direction songs ? <3
Main bedtime to send everything to Ebony and sleep peacefully.
where you work?
Let's hope the Lions can do well tomorrow. Either way, we have to restore our Nittany Pride.
Iowa GOP sets the Iowa Caucus date for January 3rd! Stay tuned for reax on ABC5 News on 10!
Traffic Shuffle
It is #MOBWIVES time!!! Rushed home to see my girls. Poor I still want to be Big Ang when I grow up.
Anyone else notice the frightening giant army guy?
I want some Eskamoes on the cool
College orientation has to be worse than hell. Fuh realz doe.
Marketing a brand is different than human to human contact... most time we walk in w/ preconceived notions.
(~Math 366 ^ ~work) is logically equivalent to (fun v weekend)
What Can Be Lurking down Thriller's Lane??? Something is but......
At s church in Chapel Hill for the ordination of Katie Ricks. Festive anticipation as we gather for worship.
RT : Thanks Joan and, of course, ACLS! It's super exciting!
can i get a few shoutouts? please <3
Happy February tweethearts I appreciate all my followers the new and the true!
finally has her dress and looks so beautiful! be ready
YES! :) RT : - next #beerclub field trip may be at my house to help me drink it all.
so yeah. 2 nights ago was tough for both teams...
.: Way to close out the game last night! That dive out of bounds is the definition of #scalabringing it.
I threw a bracelet I made that said "s my d" on stage but you didn't see it ): maybe it's still there, I wanted you to have it:p
medieval physicians who said the heart attracted poison by its actione and passione were right in more ways than they meant to be.
Bucs aren't done yet! We trade up to select RB Doug Martin from Boise St. 31st overall!
Yeah, I was there all last week for a conference in Haifa. It was pretty awesome.
i could of swore you were straight up four loko faded right now with them pokeball z tweets haha
Reading "The America that Made Steve Jobs"
u have a nice body frame
Ftw man.
How much money would it cost to power an automobile with only free sun/solar energy?
Professor teaching us off of #Wikipedia mmmmalright.
YES!! He's a lot younger in person.
Very proud to have three library cards now. It's like my bling.
have to tell u this story- friend from high school a few years ago left his wife of 22 years for a girl who has had 5 kids
omg its so hot here !!!!
So the NCAA tournament brackets have been revealed!!!! We'll be seeing our stud 2012 kids there next season
“ “ Just kidding = Saying what you really think and getting away with it.””
Family Sunday is July 17 with Discover Mingei Treasure Hunt and the first film in The Soul of Mexico series. 12-4 pm Film at 2
funny how that works!
I could use a house elf, extra day this weekend, someone else to share my chores with, or my research to do itself. Just one will do.
Lol thats not a band song! Itz a nationwide song!
Wepa! RT : Ok Miami, RT this to help support #Latism and #TopBlogueras to meet w at the on Monday! ;-}
Also below NYT article drove me mad b/c it bypasses the fact that Beastly was a film adaptation of a YA novel adaptation.
2 Hours of Glee tomorrow. OMFG I CANT WAIT.
#txla12 advocacy = let's sit down & talk with the publishers
we pitch around 11:30. Don't miss it :-)
Reminder: Grandparent Support Group Tonight 5:30pm at the #Autism Family Resource Center
no shows in AZ :"(
Today is splendid...but then again, so is every day. Life rocks.
We were nominated again for "Bar of the Year". Voting details coming soon!!
You think your hot,but you know the deal.It's me, & i'm keeping it real.
my new friend
“ When someone rings the doorbell why do dogs always assume its for them?”
While I would love to have some work today, I'm not going to complain about cancellations coming together to give me a 3-day weekend.
i spend way too much time on #karmaloop for a white girl..
Now My Day Messed Up..
Zaza Serious Italian Food
Light & fluffy peanut butter pie at ....yes, I saved some for the hubby...it was hard tho!
I'm sure. can give you skating lessons
There are those Mat Gamel wheels again...
Welcome beautiful! Be sure to get your fellow #Marlins to follow us! Time to start the revolution of baseball in So. FL!
Nope, I don't. I thought you had one.
rather watch paint dry
Stuck on the light rail. Haven't had coffee. Want waffles.
Alright so hows going to Skate Town friday? We can take pictures and stuff like that:D!
My yearly visit to = always something surprising. No exception this time.
I'm kind of in love with u
it's prob on the small side but again, so close to school would get lots of biz from students. Ever find out about the...
How do you find out which individual in an agency to impress by standing out? Too high/too low/non relevant individual to impress
And Happy Mother's Day to the greatest woman ill ever know! Wanda D. Jackson!
Good Night!
Sure you don't want to come back for 1 more week? Might be something interesting going on next week. Good luck anyways
... since Rudy Guiliani unfollowed me, I mean.
That awkward moment when your watching tv with someone you laugh at something funny & try and talk 2 them & realize their not there anymore.
Hearing my mom and step dad argue about shark tank<<
Hello Daisy! Love the shot you picked out as your new AVI! I'm doing great and yes I'm as horny as a billy goat tonight!
for the 1st time, i seriously read about basic principles of quantum theory:-)
I hate to say it, but Bama is playing an awesome game!They're confident at the plate and solid on D.Love me some SEC softball!
LiSten kitty.. Tonight's the night what are your whereabouts
It only took a year..but I've finally gotten some God-clarity on what this next season of music-making should look like. Anxious to write!
One class at nine then no more classes for the rest of the day
#freemannyparra (sarcasm font)
Home sweet home.
Audrey's new thing is to yell "NUH GUH!" I don't know where that came from and I don't know how to make it stop.
Night :) RT Goodnight sweetdreams ^-^ FOLLOW HIM !
thanks for the follow guys!
.: There may be a sweet surprise for you at home! (in addition, of course, to me).
Yes until Rosco yelled at me lol I m glad you got to smell what I was smokin on :)
American Idol is a hott mess tonight
hm okayz I'll be waiting to see the finally of the drawin love yah
Nice grand slam HR by Brian McCann in the bottom of the 5th off Roy Halladay!
Btw, that's me in the pro picture :) When am i ever going to see a picture of you?
": poor lou he gna talk u to sleep on a saturday nite!!" He cool though
Day 2 of Spider War. They have allied with a wasp. Called in feline troops to no avail. Wasp thought dead; was only feigning. Wasp now MIA.
AWP is almost here. It always seems to sneak up on me. This conference is ninja-like.
Walking to Lincoln center now. White shirt, blue jeans, black cat, Cadillac.
oh wow i love being on a diet! i'm drinking my breakfast as we speak D=
RT : Heading down to Wall St to ring the opening bell of the NYSE with the #BlueBloods cast, before the CBS Upfronts!!!
I didn't feel it! What woke me up was the cats freaking out.
henry's hat on ventura in studio city
Fernando Guerra joined our staff as Volunteer Coordinator. He will be recruiting volunteers to plant and maintain a healthy tree canopy.
Always nice to know the higher ups appreciate the work you do. Great meeting today
i wonder if is related to kevin. Look at his last name(;
See's candy butterscotch suckers. So bomb.
#Mio energy has a horrible ad campaign. Nothing shady about a bunch of guys putting drops in a drink at a bar.
will be out tonight. Hope you are still in town.
Why, why, why does my car smell like dogfood?
no Irish for me... Bahaha and I agree! I'll go stay with my cousins in England.. I'll bring home a Harry Styles for you..
Like last year I did a split in school and my jeans ripped.. That's why we girls don't do splits in jeans..
What's happening?
sorry, hit enter to soon. (are you watching the live stream? )
Hey thanks! Anything to promote community and the beautiful game!
Hi Mark, thanks for the RT.
Just the little things you do.<3
I miss you more okay~ and do you like lobster? XD
Key to predictable and profitable project work? Apply business analysis practices to your processes.
Does anyone know if he runs an affiliate program? Great stuff.
Conversation is beginning, we're going around the room introducing ourselves & talking about what we do.
hope all is well and that you are in good spirits...
This cat ain't leavin bro.. I'm lost like a mothafucka over here. #Clueless. I'm not even listening to what he's saying now ha
Remember when the History Channel used to actually do history? Yeah, I kinda miss that...
My Little Girl- James Harman starting out the day.
...I use Mbox with Logic on my Mac. Not sure about Cubase compatibility.
Neil this morning: "Do you think Pat Kiernan and Jamie Shupek are shagging?"
Fantastic! Here's hoping we have another book sale soon. We are always getting great books that don't fit our collections.
Pretty sure Corey Brewer fatigue is turned off ....... Only explanation for that much energy
If shawti ain't fine I don't mind 2 nickles make a dime everytime.....
Oh god, my Tumblr app updated itself... *prepares for disappointment*
get it done
Oh, crap. Sorry -- I saw that, but my slow brain didn't make the connection. I redact my earlier tweet :( Is she going to be OK?
Punxsutawney Phil saw his shadow-we're in for 6 more wks of winter. Or, maybe just 6 wks of winter considering how nice the weather's been.
I seen you in there“ Buffys was crowded as hell smh lol”
Trying to get a damn ride!
Dear mom and dad, Since when was it ever okay to sing and dance to Sexy & I know It? Sincerely, very disturbed daughter.
But the true template loading happens in template-loader.php. Those functions use locate_template() on line 1076 of theme.php.
Everyone ve their perfect match n everyone got their perfect game. Find the one that workz 4 you n stick 2 it like super glue
Hi Tiff, how are u? Miss you too. Comeback to the City. Shots shots shot. Lol.
: bibliographies are humanities "data"
Where do you listen to music the most?
They’re talking behind your back because you’re in front of them...
that indeed is the purpose of the event. "Best part of #PRSMS: very strategic, not just about shiny shininess." Thank you.
This is why I love my school. I get random gifts from my friend and then Sadie's crazy nature and Erin just going along with it.
I had caught that, just hoping people got what i said but thank you so very much Rt : * the Maine's
Not that I'm complaining, but 6-year olds are taught to look the ball into their glove.
I watch the debates,,,hilarious,,,and wonder why anyone would follow a party line to support Newt "The Lobbiest" or Mitt "The Corporation"
Young Jeezy Gets Presidential Love, Barack Obama Shouts Out The ...
Hey but lets not forget about the kabobs lol
If I didn't like so much, I'd not only unfollow him, I'd drive to Bama and punch him in the nose for tweeting gymnastic results.
The Silk Road Ensemble just completed first concert of its Asia tour to a sold-out cheering crowd in Hong Kong. On to Guangzhou tomorrow.
OMG! I am so glad today is a holiday I had a ball last night just ask my body it won't get out of bed...lol. More to come later.
Did you score in tonights #pens #Flyer game, I've lost track!
my deepest sympathy to u and ur family pretty lady. Prayers r with u.
...Thanks for the Retweet Sis! Pray me through.... I'm going for it!
That's too close to home! Need more patrolling.
In The Hood, No Shirt On Smoken Purp
True light shines when your doing something your best for something far more importabt than you
are you listening to it?!
New post: Rethinking content as a social discipline. Still king if creative first. onforb.es/wwZapV
I thought that was you in the good seats! Then I thought, Naw, that's Carlos the Jackal.
this catfish & hot sauce finna hit the spot .
Same to u! #followback please
[We live. We learn. We grow] It is not what we get. But who we become, what we contribute... that gives meaning to our lives. -Tony Robbins
Tweet me your name and ill ship you with one of the boys :)
I am still praying for Troy Davis despite the decline of his clemency! I sent another letter to the Georgia Parole Board for a new trial.
Now that the #Sixers won, it's all aboard the
Nothing like the weekend in the
great run FISH!!!!
Are you ready to ring in the New Year with your favorite gals at the Pike!!!
and now I will never be able to watch that movie quite the same way ever again. At least there's still the pretty
oh, now we have a craving for red velvet cake!
Clothes make the [person]. Naked people have little or no influence on society.
who is THAT stealthy?
"Help from my Friends" - Joe Cocker's version is playing on the intercom.
The $675 flight out of Raleigh (abt 90 min drive) - the cheapest - has two plane changes. Not going to do that!
Is that #edcafe? RT : I would love to see what would happen if we ran school as an #edcamp for a day
RT : Yikes... Should I be concerned?
thanks man, ready to make you some!
#Ignigte-example of living your brand_SW air NYSE symbol LUV-Company motto fun-LUVing attitude
We're featuring our Italian collection this month but our $5 footlong is the Jalapeno Tuna! It's fantastic so dive in to one for lunch!
The ones in the morning are easily eliminated. But as the day goes on, they will become more crafty.
Term that REALLY needs to change: "birth defect." What are you saying?
where were you at ?
what the heck is what?? #Freakedout about what????
. is making shit happen. It is clear to me because these seats are exemplary.
No, I do not, but maybe she knows me!
Just trynna calm myself down....music is my best friend right about now....
I gt ot my mom n dad krib wen I was 16 um21 now she dnt look like she plan on it anytime soon
Fantastic movie!!!
Not sure what you mean. With 18 restaurants, including a Starbucks in the main terminal, we have a popular mix of options.
Reading via kindle
tweet justin bieber to get him to number one
I blame Mike Brown lol
I would like to finally have my dream come true to meet and I really want a boyfriend, a puppy, and an iPhone 4s #AskSanta :)
7pm...shop's closed
I need to be sleep got to take zay to daycare early n da am!
So, what's YOUR take on the death of the iron mine project in northern Wisconsin?
" - I just saw a woman getting into a car the wrong way. Through the driver's door. "
- thanks for the RT yesterday!
I don't like there trucks only the cars. Nevermind your no help!
How the fuck is wearing a Whitney Houston wig while singing your own song considered a tasteful tribute, Rihanna?
One of my Artists, Kris Bell is being interviewed by the founder of Woodstock right now
Only a few days until #VMworld ! Join for the exciting release of the groundbreaking technology of #SkySAN booth # 1248
Hope everyone had a marvelous weekend! Back on the grind!
I just think it's the best theatrical experience I've ever had.
I saw the pennyfarthing dude at 5:30 pm.
Got punched in the face while moshing at a show
both mention intention to appoint conservative
April was....insane.
This downtown area of Atlanta by woodruff park and underground is super pissy.
I HAVE A ? R U GOING TO LEAVE ALL UR MAHOMIES PICS AT SAN ANTONIO?!! <33
For more info, visit www.hsaaa-classic.com best of
When the dances in choir are at a intermediate level.
Nobody likes a bitch wit dirt underneath her fingernails
I'm so excited! Thank you. I love works :-D
UGH the notebook<333333
On assessment, if the classroom is turned into a numbers game students will play the numbers game without regard to learning.
hi I'm a big fan I have a question about bully Is cuz I have a friend that she's bully and I want to help her wath can I do ?
Steelers get Sean Spence!
YOUTUBE.COM/KAEBELLTUNES
But regular everyday people aren't terrorists. I don't understand.
Thanks to for inviting us to ! Can't wait to see all the awesome speakers.
Coming up- what I thought about where I'm heading tonight.. Followed by where I'm headed
Hey - when will the scheduler be available? Trying to decide which day to leave, seeing the programs will help...
I wanna strangle you with the first object I find
You two better not make me come down there! ;)
:( hope everythings alright. Let's get a drink soon!
Juggling like mad, ^ag. Developer about done with my website, then I'll start blogging and guest blogging. You?
Hank and Cupcakes at Bug Jar on May 31. I'm so there!
Sucks to suck RT : Being forced to go to schooo tomorrow......
World Cup Wednesday: (7am - Spain/Switzerland) (11:30am - South Africa/Uruguay) (6:30pm - Honduras/Chile)
run. It's beautiful out!
Make 2012 the year your investment returns build your wealth rather than having 2-4% of your returns skimmed to build the wealth of Wall St.
Jeff says if you like that, go for Spaten Optimator. I'm partial to hoppier choices. Or La Folie.
Was that cayenne or paprika I just dumped into the soup? Good god I hope it was paprika because that was a lethal amount of cayenne.
Andres, stop making me hungry.
great quote
Boss me around
This day has sucked
Thoughts on how social media to strengthen connections to museums and communities. Audience research is needed
way cute picture of your group. You might have seen me prancing around the lobby in my ugly "costume" :)
all the wrong people are going home please send Juliette Simms home she sounds like a cat in a blender!
aw I got 's invitation in the mail aw aw
up . I dont wanna be tho.
so make 1 up
I wish we did a line of coke after singing Whitney at karaoke just now.
Are you home?
OMG that HURT!!!! ..I'm not going to lie lol
nothing, I liked it. Lol.
(it's so much nicer to read your tweets w/o that hideous sig appended. Pls make a habit of it)
To bad Tazz couldn't be there.
How did you like Espana Tapas? I've been wanting to try it out. So far, I've heard good things!
All black everything
#BlissingOut: "The Passing Measures" by
what the heck. Why isn't he with you. Is he nervous or something!!):
Your amazing!
YOU GO KARISSA WITH YOUR DILLON ANDERSON DAY GURL
Woo hoo! game is about to start!!!
Good pressure by Georgia disrupts the pass play. K Dan Conroy will be iced with UGA timeout.
sure you did, thanks so so much!!!!
So.. Nick told me it's inappropriate to burp .___. do u guys think it's inappropriate?..
I agree Austin is Austin and he will always live his Mahomies just cuz he gets his break doesn't mean he is any different
Thanks fo the #WW mentions! Cheers!
Much appreciation for your help
It is ridiculous that I've encountered three separate women named "Miss Bessie Brooks" in my research.
what up pimp...hows it going?
today was an awesome day! haven't had one of them in a long ass time.
I'm creeping on 's page, & I'm proud! Haha, do you see this tweet Austin?<3
Preproduction is the ideal time to start thinking of a marketing campaign for your film //
This week we are discussing arbitration and mediation on The DeWitt Law Review on AM 580 WDBO. Call us with your questions at 1800-329-5858
thank you Angela!
ha u wild...preciate da love...but umm u interested in modelin hit me up wit a message we can talk biz
Very anxious to hear more updates about a Chicago location!
As long as you have certain desires about how it ought to be you can't see how it is.” ― Ram Dass
Thanks for sending it across!
Missed this news, but yey! About time to get some good news about shows I like!
Every girl wants a perfect guy, a true best friend, and to eat without getting fat.
no probs man.
Scott, I might see you in Vegas. Going to #CES Tuesday, from #NAIAS. Is there a German word for fun + agony?
Stay home tomorrow!
haa I dont, I thought you said it was. But I am obviously confused
yeah, it comes through in his interviews too. Still, his crazy ass makes good music and puts on a killer live show.
How about the new background?
Damn im so determined 2get dis job.
TED2012 attendees; It's time to relax and have fun. Check out my party mix at the Gucci hosted event tonight!
yes exactly. BOYS, DO YOU HEAR THIS, YOU ARE AWFUL ACTORS except you lou, he was actually good.
#2011icf Brand: The way you want your clients to perceive, think and feel about you as a coach, in relation to other coaches.
At dq people make a change plzz
At the science fair😳😳😳 so nervous
Hey! I think you can just send my money back on the H2$ bracelets if they haven't come in yet. Thanks! :-)
I walk along these hillsides in the summer 'neath the sunshine, I am feathered by the moonlight fallin' down on me. Change.
I'm not one to claim home cooking but damn
getting ready to go home to rest and get ready for day 2 of 1K Homes RVA!
Great, thanks Jerry!
that's a cool looking bike!
Its raining... hard.
If you can look at a dog and not feel vicarious excitement and affection, you must be a cat. ~Author Unknown
Wow. RIP Junior Seau
oh, wait-- i can vi! cool.
I couldn't imagine being Sanchez with Tebow waiting behind now. Every NFL starting QB's worst nightmare. Times a thousand with NYC market.
I had a visitor on my blog from Myanmar. Didn't think they're given much access to the outside world I hope they didn't waste it on my site.
I love you baby!!! Last night was GREAT! !
#ff comics you gotta follow
Girl drop it to the floorx2"- [Chorus] WonderBroz Yao Ming
Ugh fine regulo
Yes Its HCastronovo
Green Bay Packers or New York Giants?
yes i did !
Got to love those people profiting from Swine already!
Shake yo money maker
#ITHANKGOD for setting me up for success
Job opportunity... Fingers crossed
tweeting and playing temple run Temple run is now my life thanks to both of you :)
The one person in my entire 20 person tent that snores sleeps right next to me... I hope you choke and die
Praise out of season, or tactlessly bestowed, can freeze the heart as much as blame. -Pearl S. Buck
I can't stand all this talk about the Giants. Just ready for Sunday so we can shut them up!
Barbra Streisand - In The Wee Small Hours Of The Morning - 11:49 PM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
#SomethingAboutMe I Will Always Have Respect For My GF <3
Ive refreshed the page like 15 times in the last minute.....its depressing to not see the little envelope thing
About to hit up the town.
You've got mail!
Wear a t-shirt? RT : Tomorrow is Jersey Shore Night at Municipal Stadium! Wear Jersey Shore attire & get 2 FREE future game tickets
sorry to hear about your "side-trip" - glad you finished - enjoy the recovery!
Watching secretariat! With my bestie!(: fixing to upload a video to YouTube!(:
do you like it and are you gonna put it as your icon?
oh shit. did you just reply to me?! Woaaaaaaah. I didn't know you knew I existed..
Now GAC is playing You Gonna Fly video by A Great Great Way to start the day:-)
That was a sick tip by hendricks
Psst. That's We're looking forward to it -- now having built the pipe-dream stuff I talked about @ my last #mithdd!
rewriting the crime and terrorists watch programsadding cert/community emergency response teams
Question for my Product friends > Any ideas 4 good reads / sources on Product Management for #Mobile apps dev???
Joseph so much fun and a great time Thank you for friendship and good times. You are the best. Your friend------
Poets have been curiously silent on the subject of cheese
#ThingsILookFor a girl that can take a joke...
that smirk gives before they perform WMYB.... too cute :)
I haven't played either of those. Thinking about buying Betrayal at House on the Hill, though. Played once & really enjoyed.
Rowand who? RT : The Giants have scored 12 runs over their last 5 1/2 games. Keppinger has driven in seven of them.
that's a person who has no body hair what so ever because of the disease.
munky, you're a cool as creative dude. much love
please choose me for my daughters :-)
Selling cells in my selling cell
That could be curtains for the caps
Yes. I used to work in Gierut's lab so it was personal to me.
No I haven't! I love the cover. It's on my ridiculously long to-read list :)
Heading down to the pier
Hope I get the non-tuberculosis counter
Congrats on 19yrs. Keep up the great work!
Thts Gr8, Chadda Saahab! Hope You are rocking it! By the way, You wear glasses? Tht is a very cool pic! Have fun, Ji! :)
The fundamental, Basic, Proven Anti-Aging Program- Aging is a Treatable Disease
Fresh oysters continued. Blue Points, Choptanks, Wellfleets, and mystery (I'm guessing Sewansecotts) oysters. Pair nicely with Riesling.
The Ghost of Oakland Avenue runs this account.
Happy Monday! Hope everyone has a great day!
I said shopping "cart" instead of trolley and was thoroughly disgusted with myself. I've never been to the US either. G. Nicholson, Glasgow
Home after attending a fundraising event. Getting ready to take a hot bath and relax. Sweet dreams dolls.
Can some of my amazing followers wish the most amazing girl happy birthday ?
The way I talk to my family......i would get my ass beat to DEATH....but they kno I cray cray & just leave it at that 😜😝☺
: where are you friend?! I've seen so many other friends! What's your first session?
I'm with you Carl. I've called every bar in town that might be showing the game and nobody has it. Can't even bootleg it online.
WHY is Lita Ford & Ozzy Osborne's "If I close my eyes forever" stuck in my head?
Happy Birthday Donnie D! :) Loved seeing the NKOTB shows in Washington, DC and Hershey. Hope to see you again soon! :)
Sjit, I was all kinds of wrong. just checked.
10:20 am : earliest planning of Friday drinks in the history of Kudos .
I feel horrible
well, honestly no...I mean they obviously LOvE madison tht they would cry
sometimes the best thing to do is just to cry
Yay for this beautiful day!!
The gas station near where my husband works ( and buys gas!) paid off 25 million in the lottery yesterday.
nah I don't have classes on mondays or Tuesdays
I don't want to go to school. :/
(: so how old are you?
All the waiters at Cheddars are feminine AF
love the pic of your dog. you should check out Norman the Frenchie, our company mascot. :)
RT : It is National Volunteer Week! What have u done to give back!
class 2nite Only $7.00 - Auditions for the 2012 Dance Crew is closer than you think! Be Ready!
#Ammunition go hard as hell.
lol we all do. RT Aw I love Ariana so much!!!!
RT : "What we’re witnessing is a bottom-up revolution in education: Learners, not institutions, are leading innovation." -
Happens all the time. Have fun!
Happy birthday to my dear friend (; 🎈🎉🎂
Signs of-Periodontal disease-in dogs-difficulty eating-inflamed gums & sensitive teeth cause pain/prevent dogs from eating
Harriet Fulbright College is very proud and excited to welcome our Summer School program students from Mongolia,Korea,Turkey,...etc
Great Activities planning meeting last night. Look for lots of announcements. The Jacket Backers are planning for a great season.
Let me get this straight: if I ride my bike to work next Fri, someone will give me bacon in the am, and then I get to go to a BBQ for lunch?
omfg i watched it like a month ago and i got like 30 min into it and i turned it off, it was so scary! i'll never do them. lol
Even if you fall on your face, you're still moving forward
but tomorrow is my last day of school with and I LOVE YOU ALL SO MUCH <3
Whoever She Is <3
#BecauseOfAlli I have a better fashion sense.
Amazed at the amount of people now reading A Song of Fire & ice. It takes me back to when a friend recommended it in HS.
OMG people are loving the connect to nature table
Thanks to my wife for wanting to play I'll Have Another... We nailed the #Exacta for the Second #KYDerby in a row...
So, what, big gov't is bad now? Aren't you being as hypocritical as the conservatives you're trying to call out?
Who loves sweet wines in the summer time?
thank you for the follow I am humbled and horny now
After two periods, the score remains 3-2, #Badgers will have 20 minutes to find an equalizer
Good morning everyone! But in my case goodnight!
I'll be glad if I'm with Phineas and Ferb everyday. Everyday Summer:)
Gonna be such a long week
Lmfao my auntie just said to mt uncle " You black muthafucka!!"
We decided to get past all the CoacHELLa mess and go this coming weekend, too!
"OMG Kony!" - Suburban, white girl.
L-L-L-London town!
Aint it the truth: RT : Do we all secretly not adore ramps but perpetuate some weird spring food fetishization of them each year?
#PlayingDoctor w/ = The only thing that could get me go to Buffalo in the winter ....
#NP J. Cole Friday Night Lights
well this kid is staying up!
Best gadget ever!
I love it when people talk about the singularity.
Why is my butt sore? Oh wait squads.
terry are we going to LMAO concert ? :)
teams work hard to maintain buses. If you have details: Rt#, location, time and bus number, we will look into it.
RT : Let's have sex likes we are playing tennis(:
ah ha, ok yeah it updated to my current networks that I have on web based hootsuite. Time to think about upgrading I suppose
Yay! So glad that you're apart of it. Nice to meet you on Mon -- see u tomorrow! - Anna Lyse
“: i don't remember ever NOT being skinny lmao” ugh youre beyond lucky
if my gram doesnt get out of my room im gonna snap the fuckk out!
Yes! Social Consciousness, not mere social work.
According to bay rap videos, youre not moving weight correctly unless you throw your money/drugs over a fence/wall.
We salute Dr. Martin Luther King Jr.'s legacy on this day. Swing Phi Sisters #Live4Service 365 days of the year!
spending on war, yes, but they are certainly not pro-spending on Social Sec. gen Welfare, education, employment bens etc
I loved that book so much. Still one of my favs after many years.
Sweet dreams!
working, but also enjoying the 73 degree sunshine on the back deck.. spring is finally here!
nope I always thought Trace Cyrus was hot and still do(:
The text I woke up to >
The only reason I'm still here is because things keep getting in my way...
I fuck wit real niggas, real niggas do real things so if swish ain't fuckin wit ya, what do you think that mean?
Pull up on them bitches, get out, walk. Way too many hoes like i play golf
Probably at some point, but not right off the bat. Gotta figure out who the real players are ;)
was god RockStar :p
My clients crack me up
Well, what you waitin on? RT : Glad to be home! Gotta get alot of work in for next season.
oh relax already with all your "musical taste"
Any of you tweeps seen the picture of one face-off dot in each zone? Why don't you just completely f it up and make it like a soccer pitch..
the new mag. fields single makes me so fucking happy.
Happy first day of Spring! Let's hope it gets warmer and no more snow please
Does Brodeur have gout? They pulled him again
#Ravens week 11-13 is brutal. Pitt-> Fly cross country to play SD -> Pitt again.
Snuggling with Owen.. I might even try to finish Old World Blues tonight..
I can't hold back whats deep in my soul.
damn... i have a needle and the ring could we possible do it in the bathroom ? I wanna get this donee aha
LET'S DO IT .
And that being able to ask the right questions is probably one of the most valuable skills you can have.
i love to dance! clubbin!
“: Bynum could greatly benefit from going to see Olajuwon.” Kobe Did
Coffee & I are totally like "this" today *crosses fingers*.
Its a perfect day to get in some trouble
it's just very very itchy, but I heard that's a good sign. It means it's healing. Today I pushed myself a bit too much bc no one
How in the hell is the moon like peanut butter
I some how unfollowed ALMOST DIED but its okay....I fixed!! <3 <3
Note to self: Remove plant from behind monitor. At night it looks like someone is peering at me from behind my desk.
see me walk, see me FUCK, see me suck a lollipop... *slurp* M, wanna get MESSY.
hello I'm a big big fan and can u please follow me or tweet me back please it will mean the world to me :)
You are gorgeous and amazing!!! We had a great time last night...see you at the next #teenhoot!!
ifucking deleted my twitter , now Im back - Hi BRI !
Monetization. Culture change. Learning curve. Decision scope. Step change. Flex and increment.
Made the 5:04 train. I ❤ Express Trains!!
Wow just saw Graphic novel adaptations of The Boxcar Children.
Omg. Earthquake in crystal city
is it just me.. or looks super hot in his icon..
Enjoying my all day Sunday Christmas shows.
hahaha every joke i want to make is hypocritical //RT 1,729 emails opposing the tax on health club memberships. Incredible.
Light that baby up!! Halos get a W and Big Ervin gets back on track.
Just don't let Mrs POTUS plan the menu!
I love all my haters
I love that movie♥, I seen it before, Thanks! :3
i doubt it but its getting rough to watch. Id prefer stammen and keep clipp for 8th
ha right!
lol I was thinking about it, but i forgot to record it
Lets go thunder!
"Young Adult" lol
well I'm better at tests
Tip: Retweet any concert announcements you find interesting in Plano!
The Packers will be on Vikings ASS next week!!!!
I will cry tomorrow at dance practice because I can't talk to
How many ways can I count the days, only 1 way - 14 days til Bonsallpalooza 2012...May 5th at Pala Casino
Another rainy day in Ohio. *Yawn* I'm going back to sleep.
Look, I am coming soon! My reward is with me, and I will give to everyone according to what they have done. -Revelation 22:12
Question from the couch: "Why are you tweeting so much?"
I WANT TO FUCK YOU!
Tensions running high - If they don't let us on the plane soon, might see what it looks like "When Hipsters Attack!"
Excellent, yes. I have a fantasy series coming out this month, so I'll be sending out a mail to potential reviewers soon.
Pandora got me on chill mode
scale of 1-10? 0 because it's meaningless now. Except for parties in Ari in Sep, NOLA in NOV, and TB in Dec!
Okay, I don't even think I need to join a sports team anymore. Walking up and down the stairs at my school is exercise enough..
I sense a new song? Maybe? ;)
#TONIGHT!!!: ClimaX Sundays - Hottest #Gay #Sunday Night Party in #SouthBeach!
Snaturally! RT : Phone autocorrects national mechanics to vaginal mechanics. So theres that.
Today was a regular day!
Just left the Boom Boom Room. Props 2 Simeon
Lol! How'd they get the keys?
Beautiful day in SF and I'm stuck inside doing online traffic school... Pretty much the last thing I want to be doing with my day grrrr
To quote #mrtony, "Good night, Canada."
RIP Melodie Wilson-- you will truly be missed!
So great to see my grad school pal Soumi today at (the grilled cheese was baller, too!)
"when he came out of his chloroform nap he found himself...dangling...over a cauldron of <em>boiling oil</em>, El Jefe standing nearby +
I know of SND's annual for newspaper design, but does anyone know of a good "best of" resource for newsletter design?
20% off your first order, coupon code "FIRSTORDER"
Waiting for my bestfriend, , in the locker room ;)
Since 2000, pregnancies among unmarried teens in TX rose 7 percent to over 44,000. Infant mortality rate was up 10 percent.
Sending you and Tamia a big Happy New Year be safe and enjoy!!!
I mean the rio or twin peaks and you can my meet my crazy friend from north Carolina
Curtis department is going there and they want him to go.
Outsourcing: all agree attys should have prospective duty to ensure competency of attys;disagree over post-work verifying
Today should be a good one.
Thanks for the RT Please pass along: 4wk beginner writing class, Tues nites, Feb Fun!
Regret is waking up and knowing u missed a new episode of #antiquesroadshow. One more reason to hate the BCS.
haha go for it !
I see your Imagination is all over the place my I dig it. Shows you hungry and being yourself.
I wanna be in my happy place; where i can fly over a rainbow, riding a unicorn and have pink cotton candy hair:) ya... Thats the life :D
I hate the fact we went to olive garden after 6 flags and we're starving and then my stomach starts to hurt and won't let me eat!! #WTF!!
I forget how many adorable old Ukrainian speed walkers there are in my neighborhood. I love them! Except they hate me. Sorry :/
fat mac is on a roll tonight
I played 95 dollars for this weave plus tax BOW
where is the event?
tumblr got over board... so hello :D
I don't know what a smart boot is. Do those talk? They had white soles so I would say casual.
SAME HERE ! like might cry or go crazy or both ! they bettet not, for eveyones sake
Life is too short to care.
We'll have some outdoor tables in the summer, plus a great overwater crab deck! But our view has changed a little bit! :)
cant wait to see your next movie big fan
Love a #lifestyle discount vacation $100 per night Caliente Resorts
tired....bout to take a power nap. birthday parties are a blast tho, so thank you and casey and hailey :)
Google plus. Google buzz. Google wave. I get them mixed up. #wha?
I am so there!
I 💟 Music
Thanks. That's the hope. Onward and upward.
Where do you find a virgin these days???
This is tweeting wit josh phn:)
Clear Channel Outdoor Holdings, Inc. Reports Results for First Quarter 2012
That whole Willy Wonka story seems like it was written by someone who really hates children.
Attention seekers r always losers :)
RT : Love is composed of a single soul inhabiting two bodies. ~Aristotle
Thanks for the inclusion in the #Genealogy Review.
GM Eric!
I am glad it's Friday baby!!
Weird calypso versions of donovan songs break my heart at karaoke, as always, nilsson mends it
having a final Friday sucks when it seems like everyone in your house is already drinking and going to the pool
RT : Grow it with the community ... start learning more by following #gardenchat <--- thank you!
Good dental health should begin at birth. After each feeding, gently wipe the baby's gums with a soft, clean and damp washcloth or gauze pad
that is funny... I close my eyes, but nothing happens.
so you know who is gonna die next o.O ?
Usher-Climax <3
Liking the Genesis framework from #Studiopress more and more for #WordPress development - and I seem to be doing a lot of WP sites lately
Headed to Gainesville
i remember at playlistlive you said youd follow me.. Still waiting.
realized the issue is on my end.
Off to last official committee mtg. This is shaping up to be a terrific event for a great cause. Hope you'll be there!
He took away pretty boy's bending oh wow
Why does it not feel like reading day?
agreed! would love to work with your organization in the future :)
“: The flu will knock u on ur ass! Ugh” Didn't you make fun of my pneumonia a few weeks back?
was this while we were waiting inside the room for Jessica to come out and start?? And was she black? Ha
Hey Madison peeps, I know someone looking for a manyonearketing or HR position here in town. Just a couple years out of college...
These should be good! San Diego auditions, here we go!
Time to plan a trip to vegas
Wish I had some Easter Sunday dinner
Dear LA city Parking enforcement. Thank you for your kind service to the community.
Great race this last weekend. Thanks Paddle Dynamics for getting everyone out on the water.
We're excited to see clarify his support for #marriageequality, which can benefit #LGBT individuals' and families' well-being.
hey did I miss anything in History & English? :)
Damn I wish they hurry up and see this lady
iknow , but i try not to tell myself that <3
told you I didn't die.
Muscle Milk is my go to at night.
I had a short story accepted! And tomorrow we're heading off on our trip to France! Life, you can keep on doin' what you're doin'.
In Hollywood a marriage is a success if it outlasts milk.
This is the MOST prim & proper bridal shower I've been to in a while, except everyone is sitting with their legs super uncrossed
Go vote for !! Austin , i know you're gonna win this one!
Hey u guys need to bring in for Spring Awakening!
Hop off my dick bro.
Man it feel like its been two months since I ain't had a phones but it's only two days
Collecting school supplies and backpacks for needy kids all weekend, come help and hang with us if u can www.963wdvd.com
I'm getting smarter, now every time I fart in the gym I make sure everyone's wearing headphones lol
Talking with #dickhaake about
Maybe that's why you have no girlfriends, because you "making friends" is you being a whore.
RT : Boutique crush: Dresses and purses and skirtts OH MY!
check out surrender tonight it's a new Thursday It's fall time Free admission just use my name Travis Sosa at the guestlist
Pageant Tip: Your interviews should be more like a conversation- unscripted.
I blame for us not being there tonight. RT $8 all you can eat buffet and cold beer specials for the game !
Thx for sharing. It's funny how we get so caught up in the never-ending debate of who's providing > value. Who cares?
Never underestimate the power of knowing who you are...it keeps you from settling for what you are not...
looks like another beat down in brewin at Fenway. Too bad it's the wrong team doing the damage.
my TiVo is full of Roseanne. I'm watching ballroom blitz now lol ;)
Wild Gems jewelry at St.Davids North in Austin today. Come by and see us!
got #ValLewton Horror Collection w/ Scorsese doc. true visionary & #horror prod. esp. w/ low $ - take notes filmmakers.
Congrats (and team) for a successful #SIC2011. Not easy to pull off that many moving parts. Well done.
Protesters in #Bahrain, attempting to reach #Lulu Square, chant "Down with Hamad" [King Hamad]
I'm actually pretty happy that we're not friends anymore. You're the biggest bitch/poser I've ever met.
Uncanny, wasn't it? Nice that they still hit it out of the park occasionally.
no problem :)
that's what we're going for!
Here's to you, guy with new, federal bailout-funded GM pickup truck with a Texas flag "secede" bumper sticker on the back.
And dumb fucks who don't realize it doesn't matter what he PERSONALLY believes. This issue will be handled at the state level.
If that's how you spell her name
All. Day. RT : new hall represent
The way I used to love you, Baby, that's how I hate you now.
Sometimes we wish we wouldnt be too happy with what is temporary becus we dont ever want to need something that we know we cant have forever
Enjoying Nashvegas with
Tomorrow is friday!
Why is everyone so hard on me?! I try the best I can, I'm fucking tired of everyone putting me down
I'm new to Fassbender appreciation, but have been a fan of Armitage for a long, LONG time. Definite winner for me.
Yup yup. Sometime today or tomorrowish.
Wow! You were in Hollywood and I was in Greece!! (with no internet). How was the finale of the show?
and I being dumb and hitting each other with rubber bands in history today xD lmao #GoodTimes (': <3
thank you sir check out our music www.wesofreshrecords.com and follow &
Bro as long as we believe that we can achieve our dreams, we'll make itt,, believe that..
Heading off to set up for the San Francisco History Expo at the Mint. See you all there!
Just saw bridesmaids with and So good, so good.
New shirt and bow for Derby party tonight!
Decisions, decisions.... Who to vote for at #ignitedetroit ??
Post an ad on Craigslist
chunky had a half glass
MLK Day of Service - Hands on Atlanta volunteering this morning!
‎ : Hey Madelyn; follow me here at Happy Tweeting!
A Beginner's Guide to Paid Search - Search Engine Watch
“: Too much low intensity cardio slows down your metabolic rate over time. Shown in several studies” Great info!
So great meeting you in person today my friend!
What do you call two mexicans playing basketball? Juan on Juan. Ha
Got 32 Flavaz And I Bet They All Taste Good.
My room is all f'ed up... I hate that I can't sleep unless it is in order... Now I must clean when I really just want to pass out
BTGamesStores Did I see that right, The Witcher 2 stock has arrived? That means it will be available on Tuesday?.
heard it all lol
yikes! Never had one myself - but have watched a loved one go through it and i literally thought they were having a heart attack
fresh #conchsalad at #coco's on #eluethra. Beautiful day. I am full, now time to sleep.
We're always open to suggestion in the hockey development department
The world would be a better place if everyone treated hearts and relationships like they are glass.
we finally got a twitter!
is @ eLCC's web 2.0 conference @ DU in a session on twitter (how meta)
you guys doing Danny James' "Pear" on lp?!
": Good morning gotta look for a mothers day gift for my mommy :)"
hey u Everything's been good I can't complain
Happy birthday ! 23 years...I've enjoyed em all.
We're happy to be running an ad from Broadview Press in the new issue. Click through and browse their great catalogue!
haha I LOVE how much you have been tweeting today. Love you
nope. We had a bunch of tickets and anth left them on a table and they were gone when we came back
...maybe we should start a band
just heard "Man in the Mirror"....lol reminded me of you..haha
Wow you guys have impressed me with 25 followers in the last 12hr! If we can get up to 200 by Friday I'll do a drawing for something epic!
sounds like an excellent plan
I just remebered lol I'm off tomorrow:) yayy
A trip to Classen Curve :-) // RT : How would you complete this sentence? "My favorite part of Mother's Day was __________"
Awe My Brother Is Receiving His First Communion He Looks So Handsome:)!
loves DjVenus!! I miss you baby!! Keep doin what you do cause one day your going to do it in chicago! With me
1896 - 1st horseless carriage show in #London. It featured 10 models.
The internet informs me that a "Cafeteria Plan" has nothing to do with cafeterias. That certainly made for an awkward recs mgmt discussion.
My book chapter is finished and has survived the editorial process. Next step, book proofs sometime at the end of they year! (^V^)/Wo0t!
PickUpLine: I'd like to get between your legs and eat my way straight to your heart
He might have 2 miss some of game! RT how are we going to keep B up to watch the #Badgers? What a long day in the hotel for
OOOMMMMGGGG at my new hot follower being a nurse :O!
Reviewing student GIS Analysts' applications for our #SummerofCode. Some really good stuff. Tough competition. Tough decision!
NC State Basketball: Wolfpack Need to Sign Amile Jefferson - Bleacher Report
Perhaps, someday. (all electronic devices be surrendered until the photo viewing has ended, no exceptions)
Im feelin good and good is feelin me too
This is juss not my daay.
for my BHL colleagues: “: Reprinted public domain books iffy. Bought Cardozo's Judicial Process. Facsimile very faint Unusable.”
saturday's supposed to be 22 celsius and sunny out.
Nice to see you again Alexa :)
My immediate response was "someone's been messing around with Firebug".
Nathan's birthday is on Saturday!<3
no chance. He's done
Good luck tomorrow and have fun with the meds.
Just finished a great day of map work for
Hi honey!
BREAKING: Downtown stabbings took place inside admissions office of Miami-Jacobs Career College, police say.
Yes! GM! RT Good morning, grateful for a new day. :)
: Now following
Every college coach has made it a bizz when they all started taking millions a year in salary.
So glad you share my enjoyment of all things twisted ;-)
RT : Love is taking a few steps backward to give way to the happiness of the person you love. Winnie the Pooh
Still working VERY HARD on our NEW site and very exciting summer launch. Please stay tuned, Thanks, Maine Global
Marathon studio session?
McSwain is GOOD people and his guitars are wicked. Love the small world that is LA
#snapplefacts Like fingerprints, everyone's tongue print is different.
Is surround sounds to audio the equivalent of 3D to video?
hey if you want you can stuff it in my mailbox im not going to be around
i wish school ended at like 5th grade :)
I just remembered I have a final at 5:30! I don't think our nail date is gonna work out 😢
Anybody like King Conquer?
We would love to have it up, It's a good opportunity. If you could put a copyright next to your name that'd be god for your safety.
God Morning fantastic people!! Blessings upon your Monday!
Made my night <3
how was it??
Night my followers. Ill tweet more tomorrow. See you (:
is the best music blog on the interwebz. It's REALLY just that simple!
“ Where the hell is the Business Building on UT campus lol???” Did you find it?
Thanks for the #mustfollow. Best wishes to you and your family. :-)
Hm interesting...
RT : song with B.O.B. now playing. Tweet back and tell us what you think of it? -Woody &amp; JIm
because I fucking despise you! what you did to me? makes me wanna fucking throw up! I never wanna look at you! nor' ----
I can respect that.
I'm so sleepy
Count me IN. I'll do anything to see my boyfriend Leo on the big screen. RT um titanic 3D wed?
movie in the park
thanks. what are they looking for?
I Wished I Could Get An Autograph Of You.!<3
Happy Friday everyone!
The husband is golfing; kiddo is bouncing around on inflatables. Later I get to grocery shop. Life is good....for them.
Custard: A detestable substance produced by a malevolent conspiracy of the hen, the cow, and the cook. ~Ambrose Bierce
How are the new shoes working out for you?
May the 4th be with you.
don't you even know me??? I don't use cream, 1 sweet n' low and that is all!
": Thank you." No prob
im out of creamer. half & half isnt really half breastmilk & half semen is it? im almost sure thats an urban legend but its not on snopes.
Don't*
n e weekend
Goalie match-ups remain the same - Scrivens to start for the #Marlies, Leggio for the
thanks bro. No i have not. Was going to try taurine
Here we go!
hey. are you ok? we've never talked but youre obviously really upset. im here to help or listen, if you want. <3 stay safe.
oh fun(:
Ok Michelle, I believe you Luv. Xoxo
#AirBnB/ Vayable party. Then on to #Zaarly. The night has begun...cheers!
T-minus one day til our Skype Prophetic Activation.
TITANS GLOBAL SUPPORT at TITANS GLOBAL ... - My Davao Jobs
Sounds yummy! Have fun =)
pissed off again!
Calling all aspiring models! are looking for ya! Come show us what ya got from 2-3 pm !
I haven't, but I love her so I'm excited to see the show. :D So happy I got tickets.
Buongiorno, Twitter famiglia. Yep, starting a class in Italian today :)
Why does Deadspin's mobile site keep redirecting to the desktop version? Other Gawker media sites are not doing this.
i feel so freakin mean... but um yeah
Our shower has been dripping for a week...Plumber was a no-show last night. Sorry rainforests!
.....everybody knows discharge is natures back up lubricate..everybody knows that, right?
has she ever been bullied? If so, does she have any advice for other kids?
wild boar is delish!
THATS NOT A GOOD CALL
Justin sucks live....:O & in everything else.
Good Night
We have to prepare people for careers, not just jobs. Today's job may not exist tomorrow. Ryan Hoyle, GalaxE.Solutions
Admit when you're wrong. Say sorry when you hurt somebody.
My ass is about to fall off...
thanks man for the s/o! If you want to grab anything, use code SENDIT. Free shipping on all US orders.
PickUpLine: Smash an ice cube and say, "Now that I've broken the ice, will you sleep with me?"
Trivia time! Tomorrow marks the anniversary of the opening of what famous European landmark?
well welcome back home my friend!
Amen to that. If I can't find you on the interwebs, I am instantly suspicious.
"What rhymes with I HATE THIS %^@<ing DARE RIGHT NOW?" (frustrated moment of #dareproject chatter...)
I LOVE how the Ravens season just ended in MAY....bye bye T. Sizzle, bye bye LMFAO 👋👏👍😝
Drunk yet? ;)
the link was on erik's twitter but he took it down.
Or is this inception and in fact you are not?
Boutta go to open gym
I just woke up, I gotta see if my baby girl str8
Now. You're. Talking.
You might...
I like the new jerseys, but can we please pull out a win in them? Go Romo!
Final: Dallas 56-Millsaps 55 in OT! Outstanding game by both teams. Our guys played very hard!
I can't wait to see hair cut tomorrow ! 💇😃
RT : #foursquare could really create some massive value by donating it's POI database to OSM, creating an open ID standard…
I also want to go :(
You're 16. You should be picking out prom dresses, not baby names.
I get to meet this week and next week a dream come true !!!
Thank you! Yay!
good, then I'll recycle that notion at once ;-)
I am made up of alter egos
Dear my neighborhood: It's 65 degrees and sunny. Put the knit caps away.
Love this tweet!!
Pandora has unlimited listening from now on. INTERESTING. Finally. Now it's time to get International!
Regardless of how things go down..life moves on..am I right?
fuck a laker and a thunder
My point: Lofton was very similar to Raines in *their* era; neither were under-appreciated. Your hostility speaks volumes.
I had no idea the band Sleigh Bells existed. And what were they doing on SNL, other than sucking?
Mo Vaughn hot dog eating contest.
The crazu hat lap just started!
Illinois can't afford the money to print the words "insurance exchanges" on an inkjet printer.
Sirius Black: If anyone's got a right to know it's Harry. If it wasn't for him we wouldn't even know Voldemort was back! He's not a child.
Beth Downs' site is coming along beautifully. Her site is going to be sophisticated & lovely, a reflection of her style & creativity.
actually getting a drink in the VIP by sahara
Hi Tim, Praying for you!
Dad, it mow appears, is probably not the guy to send for multiple generations worth of Mother's Day cards.
Not sure if I can get into Game of Thrones; #SPOILER one too many adorable dire-wolf puppies met death or uncertain fate in first two eps.
Great job by charlotte rogan at #aapdebut #pla12! Next up wiley cash
To swallow and follow, whether ord doctrine or new propaganda, is a weakness still dominating the human mind.
I remember #whenitwascoolto be on someone's top friends list
I think Yankee Candle needs to invent a "steakhouse" scented candle. m
Lol I don't normally eat "ships" neither ;)
GOOD MORNING MAMAB! THANKS FOR HAVING GREAT KIDS! THEY ROCK!
": Speaker didn't show for a workshop..Ended up teaching the whole thing...:) Always green light.. #NRB12". Well done, A.
Atlanta has some amazing homes.
Well, guess someone wasn't really paying very close attention, eh? Makes sense for Twitter revenue.. Maybe I need some candy...
that's what I'm talkin bout! I'll be here all summer. Come with perri when we get back from the Bahamas
2 weeks more, tahfidz exam: Al-Mumtahanah until An-Najm . and now, i haven't finish memorizing An-Najm yet. i'm stressed
Hooray! RT : making TweetDeck more consistent with Twitter.com & Twitter's mobile apps, we're removing deck.ly from our apps
Submit your unpublished stories (8,000 word max) to our annual Fiction Contest by Jan. 15!
I need a hero.
Like a cross between rabbit and calamari. Weirdest part: saw these up close in Everglades earlier today. Less scary on a plate.
Is it wrong that I think I support that goal?
": if u have swag i suggest u get away from me unless u want me to kick u in the esophagus"
What does your list look like?
Very shaky start for Higuera. Walks the leadoff man, gives up two singles and two runs. Early 2-0 hole to the Mariners.
Haa Gozi wudup!! What's the latest in your world? You know how I roll. 's "Exhibit F" in the headphones. Hustle
Enjoying my day off. Feels nice.
So cool how one random post can be encouraging to someone else, God works in awesome ways. Hope you have a great week as well!
#Foxtrot is great technology for revenue cycle management. Data maintenance in core systems is automated which saves time and makes money.
What the heck bro
Could be a multiple race weekend...hoping my right calf will hold up!
Have a hippity hoppity Easter Darlings, and a very Peaceful Passover!
At the same damn time.
I feel like some drop the sidewalk on my shoulders
how are you
Sorry to hear you have the JG Wentworth ads in Canada. I like the opera on the bus one though.
I love great posts too! :)
Hey, who needs a Fair Pay Act, if there is no fair pay problem?
it doesn't always come easy, i put time in
Clearing the space for a new beginning: A creative and financially blessed overflowing oasis.
Happy Birthday to my favorite Gronk of them all, ps- he's the cutest too ;)
Tere Macris and Opal Jones, you are so wonderful! Thank you so freaking much for rocking our world!!! We love you!
Only on song 3 and Im still in lubbock
Playing MW3 Crushing The Enemy
Yeah well he's Oden's friend, still he got him to open up in a way no one else has.
I didn't go home with them so I didn't know bubba was missing hahaha
Lolsx Me Miss U Too
Apparently my campus has its own meth lab. Who knew?
Thank goodness for #traderjoes lobster bisque!! Saved my day!! With a pretzel roll, makes the world feel alright.
Car Rides without Music = AWKWARD
OMG! I lost a day! I kept thinking it was Wednesday! Silly rabbit!
Damn 2k servers down. Guess not
McCain could do MUCH worse than Ed Harris (portraying him) in 'Game Change' - Julianne Moore superbly awesome as Sarah P
I try. I mean I'm hitting you up right now que no lol :b
yeah we should :] and no biggie, how was your birthday?
RT Call upon Me in the day of trouble; I shall rescue you, and you will honor Me." (Psalm 50:15 NASB)
we can only hope :)?
I hope that hashtag goes viral
Rick manages HubSpot's blog, community, and content creation efforts
I Think Should Come Out With A New Mixtape
OPENING DAY CINCY REDS/LOUISVILLE BATS....SIT BACK AND ENJOY!!!
wow I totally forgot to mention how great MSNBC #TrashInc was last night. A great view of the waste industry and its potential.
I woulda got you one girl!
will be keeping you in my thoughts for a speedy and FULL recovery :-)
im watching a john cusack movie
When you text me acting like we're fine and nothing happened <<<<
Gotta get 40 signatures from the freshman class
If I am a renter and can't install a home charger, does that mean I still have to pay $80/mo just to use public stations?
#pleasenote... In Santa Monica, if a parking garage says "FULL" it will always have about 20 spaces available.
Happy Valentine's Day 
Better than you? No. Equally good. Not that it matters, because I'm never traveling again - I feel HORRIBLE today.
back from lunch and it is quiet! maybe i'll get some work done.
Basic Insight and Guidance | Medical
Ai Weiwei was heard shouting "I RULE!" when he heard the news from Art Review. And doesn't "Power 100" sound like a radio station?
feel me!
n proud of it!
Thanks brotha', I'm just trying to be like Lenny, I wanna be, I wanna be like Lenny.
clearly they were imported from Chicago
#tragedy RT LAST OAKLAND LUNCH TODAY! Soldiers&Sailors, 11-2
But that doesn't mean we can try, right?
Family, Health, Wealth and Prosperity
thank you, darling! <3
I Hate Watching Anime And Being Completely Lost .-.
you missed the miz
Made myself some breakfast for dinner
Breaking out. This ish is for the birds.
Was he actually touched or did he flop like he did against Mike Scott in C'ville?
Does Justin go to school?
I freaking love Dr. Bailey.
Beautiful morning for an Inauguration
Taylor i love your voice and you songs!!!! <3 :) I love your song "Back to December!!!!" It's my favorite song of yours!!!!!!!!
Some exciting Halloween news, soon...
#reenvisioningnagel How much of an implementation dip can we handle?
The liitle bro is a college grad!!!!! So proud!! Now let's go !!!
#rephrased i dont see how girls can settle for being the jump off.... *cough* if the guy isnt rich as fuck *cough*
I don't use it, but always get sad when I read about a pot raid. We should be billing growers for water, energy, taxing it, spreading peace.
ah gotcha!
hey u should follow me:D
I am loving this idea. Let's make it happen!
Dat man had a long nose on dat guitar
tryna swoop.. boof on the way down
Late night tacos, a little more internet, then off to bed.
I think Sunday sales of alcohol in GA is convenient, but I could understand where the family of an alcoholic would see it as a disaster >_<
Oh you're naturally beautiful? Mind if I test that out with a wet wipe?
RT come in these neck of woods an get lost now
Merkel and Lagarde, better watch your back. After dumping Krawcheck & Bartz these guys might think: we stupid white men can fix our own mess
Wow that's gay.
lol then how you got it?
