When men fight against God, they do so by the power of God. - Paul Washer
lol that's what's up
Not early enough
HUH?? RT : RT : Justin Bieber is walking out with Floyd Mayweather. Now I've seen everything.
lets talk
Ta-da...Just voted on all June 5 primary issues by mail. All political mailers, TV ads and robo-calls to be ignored henceforth!
Coloring like a pro! 
yeah I think it would be like 3 Kilimanjaro's in a row. Level 15.
Just posted about GOOGLE turning 10 tomorrow. It's hard to believe how far they've gone.
but I am going to bed. Not cause you to me to.. Just because I do what I want 😊👽💤
Have fun!!!
after almost a year of apartment searching, I've settled on Woodley Park area, steps from the zoo!
And getting away with what most other people would get arrested for.
Daddy Day Care is a really funny movie
In the basement... scared..save me..
but still most trailers that i've seen that I liked, I usually liked the movie too!! I'm gonna have to check it out now!!
I still don't believe my reflection vhshjxvskhsdjk oh gosh
ha, you also should add people who have rolling luggage to the list
Back from the movies. Up fightin sleep for some reason.
last class
It seems to me they don't realize that a lot of the books they carry (in the poetry section especially) are anything *but*.
On my way to London to work for the day.. This is way too early in the morning to be traveling though!
#shehechat *taps fingers* waiting for you
You will ROCK it! Best of luck!
Holding an #Isagenix opportunity meeting at my place this Sunday. If you're near me in Washington, visit to learn about the business! :)
Booked hotel and registered for #slachicago. So excited to be in Chicago this summer!
A man suffered a heart attack while eating a Triple Bypass Burger at the Heart Attack Grill in Las Vegas.
Wis. Republican Party sends out statement reacting to Barrett primary win, even though polls are still open.
just did a shot of honey . I'm so fucking sick .
you going to the game?
are you drinking early today?
#DontTextMeTalkingAbout anything... If your texting me outa the blue then obv you need a ride or your keys are locked in your car wtf!!!
no way that must have been so nice! I'm sold! What street is the entrance on?
right here! Even if they win tonight it's too little to late they have 4 straight to win..
don't give me that face Andre. You be throw a smile up there and be happy :)
Wouldn't Dave Wallace be a nice fit? Was here before and worked with BV w/Mets.
breh, I mean. Breh. Seriously, breh. youre so not even listening to what I'm saying here, breh.
if i don't make cheer i swear ima feel so fucking stupid .
eChalkers - do you follow ? Great resources for your school sites and online classrooms!
#PeytonManning Orange #18. So excited for football!!
hell yes
My son Tristan
Take time to really develop a solid marketing funnel with a funded proposal in place to engage your list.
- Great changes when used properly. Boring and annoying when not.
I am! About 15 minutes! Haha I'm excited too but I will not read spoilers tonight! Let me know what you think. How's the day?
It's a true DH!
Day 3 of the busiest week of the year .
you should add in a piece of that lemon pound cake...so good.
Home to celebrate my brothers birthday!! 🎉🍻🎁🍸
Foster's Home for Imaginary Friends!!!!
Watching the State of the Union
What to do today - make pillows or garden?
RT Lets come together, show support & thank for taking a stand for #MarriageEquality today.
Don't forget to turn your clocks forward Sunday morning/Saturday Night or you will all be late your open houses and showings!
thank you love<3
The next time #KState pays off the refs, they need to make it less obvious.
Van = Scary.
Beth is my favorite on dog the bounty hunter. she's strong and opinionated.
I run new York.
If I do get murdered in this motel, will someone please deduct a star from my review over on Yelp? Thanks
you were right. U texted me everytime they scored.
Wanna know what you need to do?
I miss ya too man, and okay! Haha
yea both of them are
A whimsical "Barber" is in at
Fear - no. Respect - perhaps... but that is as far as I go..
OK THE BIG NEWS!!.. YOU READY??.. WE ARE OPENING FOR MSTRKRFT + BIRD PETERSON. on MARCH 13th DIG THAT//.we are very EXCITED.. Cheers!
a great reason to get out to the 1st Wit's End party of 2012 Saturday!
What's wrong?
Good thing Blake Griffin isnt in the Dunk Contest this year. Now we get some guys that can actually dunk, like Chase Budinger
Have you ever had sex in a movie theater? Reply to us with #YES or #NO to vote
Asap Rocky is
I am loyal but I want to give back some Klout love I've received lately - Twitter is all ab unique content & reciprocity :-)
It's people with your frame of mind that have created a two income home. Children are better off when mom stays home. PERIOD
Will you get marry?
how can you tweet with all these classes to worry bout smh
Congrats on the Madden cover! Represent the Lions and shut down that supposed curse.
Tip 3: Listening to a person can give you great insight into what kind of person they are.
Why is Curren$y only on for the west coast dates for Roc the Bells?.
can u do me a shoutout?thanks.(:&i heard bout the call!(:
LOVE YOU TOO MY SISTA!!!! It was so fun!!! I'm sitting here telling my bro about all your movies...that we didn't get to watch.
i swear #oomf was all about tennessee basketball untill kentucky won... now there "all big blue" ha.
Just finished the season 2 finale of #WalkingDead. Omg, why isn't it coming back sooner???
If you make extensive professional contacts via social networks, I don't see how you could avoid it
How are you tonight luv? [;
Thanks for Like-ing our Page, y'all!
#MCA was with it and he's my ace.
I'll be at mt vernon next week.... can't say I'm too excited
Hi Sonya, if you want to support The Nature Conservancy this holiday season, you can! With the pungle.me app. Check it out.
Life is very short and what we have to do must be done in the now
Who gives a shit if a guy wants to change his name, it's his choice i don't really give a fuck
I love you<3
I accidentally watched 20 seconds of glee.....kill me now
good morning!
they both haf the same pair of nike shocks in 6th grade!
#FF Following because if says they rock, they ROCK!
Happy 4th! We have a giant gift for you on Wednesday. Consider it a vindication of your requests for years.
Nope did you?
We get it..you model.
hey y'all sorry i havn't tweeted 4 a while i've been really busy
I used hairspray for the first time everr xD It's working good for me,which is great! It's Herbal Essences hairspray so yea... :P
life's a beach bro, and that's a full blown beard - dont hate on
RT : Sorry to be missing Pitch tonight. Keep rockin' those crazy-great ideas, #chicago #startups!
Hey are you guys coming over for tomorrow's Jazz lunch in the circle?!?
that's good hun :P<3
Happy Easter everyone! God Bless!!!
cool, kemey?R u going back to eri soon? Btw u r tsebakitey(cute),srry for my spelling, I'm bad at writing words in Tigrinya Lol
where do I need to drop in and what kinda grub?
Jesus' sacrifice on the Cross...... It is the death and resurrection that gives true life to those who follow Him.
Will anyone use Excel is pay comp in 20 years? Not one hand raised
well I think the corollary to the "trauma" is that parents try to heal undresolved trauma through their kids.
Do you ever sell film rights before you sell a manuscript to a publishing house? If so, does that help sell the manuscript?
Three day weekend! Any big plans?
I rather doing my father's (heavenly) business whatever he says I do. Ain(t easy but the savior has us. I go In the hood cause
This is NOT the Mets, things are different over here! #Yankees Universe!
what up!
Lmao on my last RT :D
Ceviche hit the spot!
One, two, three, four Get your booty on the dance floor. Work it out, shake it little momma c;
Wait, Norman Borlaug died in 2009? Where was I? Probably chowing down on some bread made from dwarf wheat or something
RT : No vote from Players, citing need to review/peruse more details. And so we wait. Labor pains continue, no baby yet.
Press conf in NM mass shooting delayed. Chief Schultz at crime lab.
Stayed up in a plank for 80 seconds on a wii balance board in a little tiny circle and never got out of it!(:
agreed! So sweet ;) an Caden i need to tell u something
maybe but im not going to like her like that and yes i did moved on ..
was told today they do not yet have plan for UNIV 1010 retake.
I Mean Its Only Common Sense . .
yea so not in the mood for this....
Thanks for the RT, friends!
Doing what homie wish he could.
My gurl ½ black & ½ cuban with green eyes with a nice personality, clearly I'm winning
My piano tuner is making my house sound like a Jazz Club in NOLA! Now all I need is a Cafe Au Lait and some Beignets.
Absolutely wonderful☺
what's good homie
Anyone watching American Idol tonight?
...and that's Day 2. Drums are done and James laid down some sweet sounds on a Hammond.
~All is well. Thanks. How "goes" your day? hehehe
Happy Friday! No triskaidekaphobia here. You?
I don't care how "sexy" you make that little car look. My 6'2" husband will never fit inside there comfortably. And I still think it's ugly.
Please follow // and i'll DM then :)
I was hoping you'd tell me you got it at Jumbars or some bakery in Bethlehem or something so I could go buy one
I like people that are their own individuals, their own person, that doesn't need anyone. #Independent... That's what i like.
so gettin ready for dis Climax Party....
i can c u enjoyin in yo eyes
you silly. Lmao
Out with a friend and his friends from law school...should be interesting...
So much to be thankful for this year. Gettin' all mushy and sh*t.
We are ready for demo day Great meeting tonight. folks from Sacramento scheduled to attend.
What said
Correction northern Alabama
Just arrived at #successinthecity downtown. Looking forward to the chick chat!
The novel still has plenty of time to find its Citizen Kane.
#Np : At Your Best !
That sounds scary!!!
I want company but everyone iz at work GrRr
2010: You're only cool if you have silly bandz. 2011: Planking is boss. 2012: HEY! Let's all choke on cinnamonn.
yepp thats not going to happen...
I can't watch the almost kiss at the end of the elt video. I emotionally just can't do it
haha i know right. Most of them don't know a damn thing about sports, much less even play.. Lol
the amends that i dont want to confront imma write em down n burn that bitch
I think the show is suffering from over exposure and over discussion. I also think it has to stand for too much.
Happy St. Patrick's Day, y'all...
Cam gigandet , why must your face look so amazing?
Follow AYo on Twitter and the team
has a date with Wharton's SBDC tomorrow. Swell.
In the
anyone wanna take us on in a game of basket ball? We go hard in the motha fucking paint !!!!
ROFL. You rock
OTN : Good Night :)
uh yahh , I hope youre NOT ! ! getting hair done (: ?
hey there :)
looking for a great burger? You'll have to check us out some time! We'll be in south side soon, too.
Pretty little liars c:
yea i bet it was :(
Totes! I'll bring my catalog to the office tomorrow!
Go down on ?
Refinancing and consolidating debt in Texas is our specialty! www.amcaphomeloans.com
thanks so much for your support Norris!
update please!
“: for real though! it was the best of times. it was the worst of times. #bus49” facts!
haha apparently XD It's the first thing some people tell me when they meet me =P
Feels good to be back in Colorado. Can't wait to see all the peeps... but man is it cold here!
You are welcome!
S/O to my new followers go follow themm
Add Toledo to the list of Division I schools offering a scholarship to Homestead junior Luke Worthington.
Lost in Translation, House and Battle Royale at the Castro tonight. Best triple feature ever. Anyone else going?
Census finds number of uninsured not statistically different from 2009 to 2010. Nearly 50 million Americans had no health insurance in 2010.
!!! Ha RT : They got swept... RT : Damn at least the Mavs put up a fuckin fight...
Big day tomorrow: starting to get really excited!
Sure ur the only nut w/glow sticks,haha
lol girl please
OMG i love under the mistletoe best song ever !!!! <3
oh yeah sorry ihavent been on myphne broke deffinately bouttah get anew one pretty soon
When nothing goes right, go left.
Stomach touching my back....
Look at all the followers you have!!!:)
BET YOU WONT FiGHT EM!👊
I'm stopping for now..
Damn thunder is taking it to them!
Hey. Kid. Walking down 5th ave snacking on a bag of carrots. Yeah, you...atta boy.
Nick! Do you feel better?! Hope you do! Have a good day!
always makes me nervous to turn in my edits to something.
no, but tempt me with a Dr. Pepper and see what happens :)
Just realized we have a four day week
Today is a great day to make fun of people.
That's because the only minority he wants to protect are white, christian, working males.
yeah i dont know if i can deal with opening weekend crowds
definitely a lot of germs flying around that pit. LOL
yeah no kidding, let him keep running his mouth...that's not our style, we'll be happy to shut it for him
Ann has NOT lost her touch! Still has range and that signature raspy voice!
#1DFact When Louis bored,he says he'll poke Harry to annoy him.
Watching breaking dawn while eating twinkies at 1am... Lololol
I don't really know what to say about the single life. I'm not looking, but it could help. :D
I'm thankful for falling asleep to the sound of rain
Say somethin' cause you're driving me crazy..
Today is our 3 year anniversary. Thank you for your support, #Indy!
SNOW DAY
Just watched Friday's episode of The Shark Tank and that last deal put a huge smile on my face. Way to go
So happy it's on again.
Just got a lesson in voice acting with Andrea Romano. Dream come true!
thanks gorgeous
Many people would give up their pups and dogs if appropriately-timed crating was not an option. Crates save many lives.
Watching Infested on animal planet. Ewwww.
wanted to kill the sexiest person alive…But suicide’s a crime
it sucks i got change a 8 year olds diaper this kid is a special needs kid but i love taking care of him :) he so sweet
I cant look at the news or anything I hate WOW! company and then they not even picking up when i calling them
Up and rolling since 0400.
Is there any way that Damon's clubhouse nickname can be anything other than "Crampa?"
Hello Seattle. If you need delivered lunch, just give us a call 206-441-9235. Or come downstairs for a nice break
#ThingsILookFor= New Exciting Ventures!:-)
Should states have short term marriage license? To help with the divorce rate.
: My point. That Nuggets team, like the other teams in the playoffs are more athletic than ANY team Jordan faced.
If you drink or smoke at all;
Congrats to my best friend getting the job at dillards...now buy me some shoes!
Our Hero appreciates you taking a break from tweeting about baking.
Five year olds make an earthquake from a shower curtain. Day made.
Whoa. Adam Yauch. Only 47. Such a loss.
you win this round..😏
thanks 4 the follow.....
We are interviewing for an internship for the summer 2011 season! Applicants may inquire further at
Thanks for helping answer one of life's persistent questions!
Stephen Colbert and General Odierno are singing "I'll Be Home For Christmas" in honor of the ending of the Iraq War.
"She going right, she going left. I can't help myself"
poor intern has to sit next to Lauren
Can you define "Soul Food" in 140 characters or less?
I hate my reeboks now
lol - ok i'll find something fun for us to do :) i owe you a call tomorrow anyway.
If you create your own duress, you usually have to suffer with it.
Let me know if you have any questions!
RT : "One thing I know is all the great writers I know have wrestled with the world."--junot Diaz, speaking at Trinity U
no we said Punk does it never said he was originator CazClown
hey tweeps my chard went bizurker with all the rain lately. what are your favorite recipes for chard?
I love those nights when you're sleeping and its raining outside. Cold. Quite. Dark. Peaceful. <3
HOW FREAKIN ADORABLE!!!! I wanna name her....MAHANA!!! :D
Fianl week of school before spring break
It’s wise to learn from experience, and it’s even wiser to learn from the experience of others! (via Rick Warren Purpose Driven Connection)
We need men and women who want a #liquidfacelift for a TV Show. We are #casting a show and need energetic people to star. Treatment is free!
Yep! They've been pretty short, although the discussion posts effectively double the amount of reading each module. Verbose class.
Yes, me too...we all crashed their site!
Needs some Ke$ha in his life right now!
Thanks for the RT yesterday.
Value and benefits of social engagement: #Brand Equity, loyalty, consumer insights, UGC, earned media, stories, sales and market share
hell yea man smh
Who was the snitch?
Out of nowhere & with no context, I told my beloved I wanted a flamethrower for Mother's Day and it didn't even faze him <3
that a girl a rangers fan
Don't forget what your committed to
Q1&2. Not clear how q re learning & comm r tethered to museum. In context of a particular exhib?
yup yup :D
nice I'm just eating some chicken fingers
is it just me who gets reeaaalllyyy pissed when someone types 1d and not 1D..? 😠
Decided to switch my beekeeping class to tomorrow w/ Super excited. Wish was here to provide tips.
I'm in India! Will be back in a month.
“The lack of a sense of history is the damnation of the modern world.” Robert Penn Warren
Yay my gym is back open - so I'm back to my morning workouts!
Status: updated
I know my momma gonna test me and see if I tell her happy mothers day... She gon get a text when she wakes up.
Stupid people that I don't know keep on calling me and I've had the same number for like 5yrs..! -__-
no!! The Pacers are my favorite team but Lebron is my favorite player... that's totally different
meth or Coke
Nothing like chasing nyquil with a jager bomb! Though, they do seem eerily similar... Its okay, won't remember it tomorrow!
The first sentence of a press release is key. That first sentence is much more important than the layout or its length.
just recieved my annual reminder from mom that today should have been my bday but as i ve been lazy from the start i was born a week late
#CorporateGreed where the fuck Obama at? I was about to post something about a Gat. Needed to make it less threatening, or Im dead like 2Pac
“: My sleep schedule is nonexistent.” my favorite fav of the day.
Thanks for the RT!
that would be the best place to start for sure... maybe more too!?
If your "just saying" is not the precursor to your..."just doing"...just keep quiet!
And the creative gears are turning! ...and once they start, there's no turning back. It's going to be a good weekend.
I have eaten my last snack. There is no more hope. I'm gonna die here.
Bristol TN/VA area tweeps - you MUST go visit the new Food City on Euclid. AND fill-up w/Value Card for $3.30/gallon!
#TNC10 Bizarre to come to conference in Florida - on health topics, no less - and have not a piece of fruit available for breakfast!
Hey Bob Ryan. Stop talking. Then go away like teenage girls in the 50's. Thank you for cutting him off!
can't wait to hang out and get my tan on with my sissy after walk for life (:
lol lets go
Use a problem my niggga
Don't get me started quoting that movie. I saw it in the theater!
Somebody give me a shoutout-_-
That sounds AWESOME! Follow me back & I will DM you my contact info so we can discuss more about your logo.
#EcoMonday - "Don't wait for someone to bring you flowers. Plant your own #garden and decorate your own #soul." Mario Quintana
Listen to #WBAT 1400 in Marion today at 4pm. Jack will be talking with today.
This conversation is going nowhere.
Happy Birthday Mikey!!!!!! Hope you have the best birthday ever! (:
Pleasure to meet u. Thank u for coming to my presentation on #ux study: analyzing large open card sort
Miss Virginia USA 2011 Drunkenly Threatens Gay Couple!
about 8 weeks old
Ah. See, I had this vision of it being in your actual apartment. "He's on your bike? Get 'im outta there!! Damn B&Eers!"
Of course when I try to go to bed for 5 hours of sleep in preparation for a 12 hour day tomorrow a thunderstorm hits. Just my damn luck.
shout out to for being great and letting me go on twitter on her iPod
For some sho nuff positive talk check out motivational speaker Les Brown on KFWB 980 AM M-F, 2:00-4pm.
I'm gonna buy my own suite at Lambeau, hell I'll buy 2!
Looking for someone to chair of a cult prop roundtable at the Joint L&S Conf in Honolulu, June 5-8 2012. Know of anyone? Thnx!
NaLee a vividly rich fantasy to tantalize all your senses! Check it out at NaLee2010.com
doctor said No more iconics jumping on stage!!! :D i made it up in class
awesome!!!! launches today in Delhi, India, with an amazing show featuring one of Indias biggest bands....INDIAN OCEAN!
thanks for the follow, Steve!
i did earlier.
I wonder though. I mean, ratings are good. It's culturally "cool." I think they know what they're into. Just fear reduced $.
Nice. Anytime a brick wall is knocked down is good.
"Lie to me," she said 'I love you," he replied.
Hi Kofi, was wondering if I could interview you about your #Celtics for Would you mind DM'ing me?
Heading to the 2011 World Horror Convention with my good friends from InCaseOfAttack.com tomorrow - going to do a raffle for a tiny zombie!
Booyah! That's as great as the Lighting Round, well pretty close anyways
About to follow some lucky fan!.. Anyone would like a follow?!? 💗
You know you can always count on me for a coffee run!
Please Please go vote for to be covered more at mmagazine here! #needsomevotes polls.m-mag.com/polls/253009 GO NOW!!
Off to catch a movie :)
Thanks for following & for an amazing party! <3
Privileged to visit partners in #boston today with folks from our brewed category team.
its hard if you write five to six page long chapters ;_;
No matter how loud you shout you will not drown out the voice of the people. William welberforce. :-)
Thanks for following my blog! You have a nice little set up there yourself!
Lmao at people who check your twitter everyday yet they don't follow you.
So who's the drummer?
Of course. Bring it.RT : Can I be on your side please? You sound much scarier than werewolves or hunters!
Michael Jordan sues the Chinese-based Qiaodan Sports Company over alleged illegal usage of his name.
Oh so now you care...i see.
Thanks for the RT! Have a great Friday!
I've become addicted to the snooze button. Any remedy to break this bad habit? :/ :)
I'm roasting the last of last summer's butternut squashes
I fucked up and I'm not afraid to admit my mistakes. #live&learn
Uh Oh! Newt got the Chuck Norris endorsement. Hope Big O didn't sell the house in Hyde Park. LOL
And they who for their country die shall fill an honored grave, for glory lights the soldier's tomb, and beauty weeps the brave. ~Joseph...
I have a lot of things to talk about!
Mad ups to Brauny for being the NL's greatest!
Been alone for a month now.
#thatawkwardmoment when someone knows you and you have know idea who they are
haha. Shopping. Abercrombie and Fitch is closed for another freakin hour so randomly buying clothes. Hahaha
Welcome to king burger where we do it your way but don't get crazy
Or a fine cognac RT : Cartier Martin sounds like a pair of really nice shoes
Happy #FacebookDay business friends! If you want the most reliable market news and opinions, I always trust &
don't let the door hit you in the ass asante
USATF's Stephanie Hightower: "We did our homework" in selecting Max Siegel. Adding, "I appreciate your angst."
Made it through all the levels of today's Universal Studios call back auditions! Really hoping they can accommodate my training schedule!
I dont think so.
In order to get random ringtones on my iPhone I have to jailbreak it.
Justin gets, Cody will never get it because no one knows who he is to say anything! :D lol
I got a weird butt dial vm with someone talking about "when the baby comes..."
Suppose to be at work forty five minutes early for an audit. I get here & the parking lot is empty -_-
In this case it is that I suspect I will incur the wrath of , that will probably mean I'm doing something right
The remix to ignition.
is about 50 away from 4,500 followers. Help us get there & RT - We look forward to continuing the conversation!
I literally almost cry every time I watch
The weather could not have been more perfect this weekend. Did you have a good trip? :)
My VIKINGS lookin' good! More positivity to come!!!
I would LOVE that list. As well as submit my suggestions.
If you think your nail polish is dry... Wait 10 more minutes. #lesson learned
The weather gods are smiling today...
you already know
yes. I wish I could get rid of mine.
I like Google+, but there is too much wasted real estate; would like to see more with less scrolling. Guess I should go add-on hunting
dude freaking call me, im bored!
Most do, perhaps I just devalue the RB position too much. I thought no. 1 priority for CLE should have been grabbing a top WR
See Video intro to "Family Learning in Interactive Galleries: A Cross-Museum Research Report "W.FamiliesInArtMuseums.org
SNOW BUD/BOO FROG/NAPALM BEACH-ALL IN THE NEXT 2 WEEKS
What a thrill! Congrats!! RT : I am holding my son. And I am ecstatic.
Oh. I don't know what that is.
the one that makes you sad for it
all my thoughts and prayers go to
I think there's room to land traditional museum job then lead innovation #notinjobdescription (maybe only way)Too optimistic?
LOL he DOES have a #12 jersey....just like P. Manning had #18 at his draft...
New album sounds amazing! Can't wait to see you guys!
dont worry u are beautiful :)
DUDE, WHERE'S MY ? No one can find you. Hit me up, homegirl.
okay when my dad reached his hand up there some vaginal fluid got on his hand and he licked it then we fucked! it was HOT! - lauren
If i can hear your headphones from 20 feet away then its too loud. You know who you are
RT Every 2 ounces of Henny adds 3 mins to your performance. Drink a fifth and u might as well change your name to Ron Jeremy.
“: Lmfaooo when's the last time you have done a dirt bag move?” Lmao
Just home from directing a shoot. An hour driving in snow. Blew off a Halloween party:-) Having a great pot pie and relaxing. Priceless.
if its not you who Is it then?
geezz we are cool as ice
If ya ain't got it in ya, ya can't blow it out.
Yup that was big new this morning for ESPN radio. Sad, but I don't have to change my presets.
thanks for spreading the word!
I'm very impressed by what Joss did juggling 7 characters and his framing of action sequences though.
A charming woman... doesn't follow the crowd. She is herself. - Loretta Young
Do you want your own show?
#kids Right Before Your Eyes - Children's Musical at Geyer Performing Arts Center, Sat, May 12 7:30p: "Right Before Your Eyes" is a...
If you're the only guy going out with a group of girls, you better have some deep pockets because you're about to hold all of our stuff
I will be in rare form tomorrow at Augusta Ga Mayfest! You don't want to miss it! I feel a move of the power of God!
Just Tebow'd
Watching the last episode of #madmen to refresh my memory. Cannot wait for the 2 hour premiere!!!!
follow me please?? (:
They've been around since the beginning of last semester, but I'm bearish on their prospects of lasting on campus.
Thanks for following! I just checked out Jane TV, awesome website! Looking forward to connecting soon!
NBA trade deadline...what's gonna happen? Orlando seems to be the only one who doesn't realize they need to trade Dwight.
Let's go Lakers!
Thanks. Maybe the park will happen tomorrow, maybe not
Just got to meet President and CEO's: James E. Rogers(Duke Energy), Joe Craft(Alliance Resource), and Dave Adkisson(KY Chamber of Commerce)
Where words fail, music speaks.
zeitoun, it's actually good but I just can't
Why does it take 15 mins to fill a prepackaged prescription?
Txting to central tweet command for confirmation
Latest endorsements: The Rev. Canon Mary Moreno Richardson an Episcopal Priest, The Interfaith Drug Policy Initiative, and L.E.A.P!
niall loves pints.
nothin much gettin ready to go out l8er(: lol tell all them i said HI(: lol
Its Friday Laser Tag at the Quad!!
I really burn 36 chamber more than my Frank Ocean Miles Davis & Marley 🙆
I can't wait to see Tea go off on him, just because I love her and she is so kickass.
Saw a Chevy Volt eastbound on 1-94 this AM. First one I've seen on the road so far.
thank you! “: I'm diggin' the new avatar.”
and a partridge in a pear tree...
BEST MUSIC EVER LUUVV UR SONGS!!!!!!:):)
After a complete rebuild, we had a nice run. With another year under all the young guys belts, next year will be great!
Still a few tickets available for tonight's performance of "Time Stands Still" by Donald Margulies. Come on down and join us! Starts at 8pm
Where are you planning on going for Thanksgiving?
I like my whisky old and my women young.
hey whens prom and who are you going with
IF YOU CAN MAKE A GIRL LAUGH, YOU CAN MAKE HER DO ANYTHING. - MARILYN MONROE
"Today is not a good day to fail. You can do that tomorrow!"—Delano Johnson Embrace your Creativity!™ ;-)
Over my gma house all I do is eat , it don't be s* else too do.
At SERU panel where co-chair of committee to draft user guidelines for electronic resources is uncomfortable w/ using computer.
": we got plans for Dang Girl pt II. Sorry for the wait. " YAYY! I thought hope was lost c,:
You are tweetastic!
should have a best of the web show. I think us librarians could take a few notes from him
I definitely needed sleep. Just woke up from a 3 hour nap. Yeah.
This weekend I have decided to take my talents to minnesota....see you at the EYBL haha.
Grant Parish photo contest is open now - Alexandria Town Talk
raining = movies + cuddling w. my babe !
Mixin a couple beatz b4 work.
NO PAULA ABDUL PLEASE COME BACK TO AL!!!! OH GOD WE WILL MISS YOU SO MUCH!!!!!!
thanks for putting the #sxswsea list together on twitter. :)
Thanks for the follow , and
« The aim of art is to represent not the outward appearance of things, but their inward significance. » Aristotle
Well...weren't we?
I knew karma was on her way she shoulda took longer though
: hold up! Changed one thing on the back. Front is still good 2 go. #sorry lol
So close to success :p
...or a lit candlestick.
relax! ha! well maybe at some point (it is good too) but I gotta keep moving to be happy :)
Hey Madison drivers. Turn on your freaking lights. Pretty crappy visibility.
whts up ? Nigga I be calling you
: no if that was the case would u have hot lemonade ? Ugh
Not feeling school at all today. I'm just going to throw something on. So darn tired.
To know your true friends is actually simple. Just remember who lift you when you fall. That's friendship is all about.
You lie about living that #thuglife but you
We were visited by last week! Thanks to all of our friends!
I'm sad because my mom is in the Hospital:(
so many people tweet and complain about justin trends - by tweeting you're just helping it trend more
Oh, I was just thinking about the same kind of list you have -- hoping to be able to connect more by exposing my schedule.
Top of the week mean more money to make
you are an awesome author, but I am more fearful of having to listen to Plossington cry.
if your brunch includes drinks, don't forget to see if the venue uses bartab to save $!
Who is in the picture?
yea...juss landed in Myrtle
Loving the cooler wind blowing in around San Antonio and surrounding areas. Perfect feel as the holidays get closer.
it does seem like thor is gonna be the heart of the sequel to cause u know he is gonna be in thor 2
Got some sweet stuff in the works! :)
Who wants a mailed letter with some stickers and art drawn on it? :p first one to reply gets that! Get their while you can!!!
what time does today's testing end?
Shut your non sequitur pie hole, Tony Perkins.
sweet dreams
u rock! Ur playing Sunday right?!
Do you have your banjo in L.A.?
Ready to get my uniform today!!!!!!
Thanks for the RT!
How was the Cole Porter? How was the Opera?
Aww, super cute! My son asked his daddy if he could by me beautiful flowers last week. Melted my heart! :)
“Dwell on the beauty of life. Watch the stars, and see yourself running with them.”
Not happening on my watch.
FF - YUMMY Italian food - cute quaint location!
Wish I could've been there to see it!
RT : Is the team of Roberto Ferrari or the UCI going to do the right thing? Other riders, including myself, have been sent...
Computer was trippin' so I'm posting via San Francisco time. Ok, now I see the irony...
#twittertips always spit on uR neighbors car
I am so glad Obamacare will not tax us, except for that line on the Tax Form that says something about" penalty for not having a HCP". Duh!
Commission meeting is in session. Watch live at www.wedrawthelines.ca.gov
Now they know kit kats are not that damn loud.
Upset my computer caught a virus
Today I realized again that the opposite of love may be fear, not hate. God is love. Love is real. God is real for anyone who chooses
Redlobster makes me happy
With all this football conference realignment going on, now would be a good time for the #Saints to join the SEC.
At Chacho's eating and having drinks with my lady!!
Was chilling at starbucks but it's no fun by yourself, so I'm headed back home to figure something out until the drive in
I am following you :)
4. Creature f/ Sinnagi - "Under The Lights"
Damn good night for an #Orioles game.
make sure your READY for the SEX..thats what they want...DONT be a selfish LOVER
your small what?
Go Follow for putting on an awesome show last night and to wish them luck on the rest of the tour!
Don't worry - I'm that person who gets paranoid and unplugs even the appliances with auto-shutoff. can verify.
worse than that is that the liar thinks you are so stupid you don't know you're being lied to
if I were your friend I would I had that nigga blasted real talk!, ill go cray if any one tried to hit my sis
Checking in what up doe
Thank you for your support with this situation Guardian Angels, y'all are amazing!!
I recommend vodka.
Signs you work too much? You go for a run and are so happy to be outside you gave to suppress the urge to roll in the grass like a dog.
Sleep between my teeth/I never chew
I don't know people could see that still.. How awkward..
thanks for following! youre quite the inspiration to me (: keep it up!
What in the HELL are the #Clippers doing???
Read quickly, and thought this was asking if you should bring your dog in! Looking forward to sharing, but I'm not in tonite...
Can we get a RT for $3 Microbrew Pints day?!
#WarpedTour in T minus 12 hours. Super stoked. i can't wait to see with &
your welcome :-)
Good to see someone respects a good dick joke when they hear one
#NightlockAwarenessMonth Save Panem Citizens From This Deadly Berry!!! RT
Mt. Tamalpais is razor sharp against the perfect blue sky, like an ad for HD TV. I love living & working in Mill Valley.
Kinda hurt a little inside tho
Pierced up!
What's that black cloud visible from I805 around highway 52?
dr.who...the original
that was the plan ... but sometimes they change. Recording may happen earlier.
Eric, how is Riverside doing in the tournament?
Things we do, we do for ourselves. But that which we love we have no choice but to give away. - Edmond Medina.
is it bad to have privilege? is it bad to have power?
I do pop and alternative and some rock
Why is my iPhone charger so short..😞
WOW! What was her major? I think my son did OK with his frosh year books, crossing fingers the next few years are sane too.
This is the only time you'll ever see that haha
good morning M&M!
Go get a lunch/early dinner at Joes!
pretty much tired as hell.just know getting off
Best Online Developers to Follow:
Wow i feel like a retard looking at this math homework.
Fell off the #Blog2012 wagon yesterday. Oops. Hope I don't disappoint my #jour111 students who are still kicking butt. I'll still blog tho!
Just got this new blkberrytorch. I'm finna be a beast on this twit game12 gat
#MAHOMIES r awesome
7 Ways Oracle Hurts Database Customers' Security
He said negotiations still going on; everything still on the tablr
Ah - the hopes of spring dashed with a March 1st blizzard: Maple sap's no longer flowing and the chickens are locked up in the coop!
Happy Free Comic Book Day, Y'all!
ur hubs is pretty clever :)
yes one of the March weekends, if not will be going April 4th
Hostess has filed for Chapter 11. What will we eat after the nuclear apocalypse if there aren't any Twinkies?
Someone tagged Dolphin with Pluto also, and a trippy shroom too. I don't know if they're related.
My feelings for you have always been true. This heart of mine only beats for you. ♥
she is so cute! And so long, I love it!
There just so happens to be a jungle gym across the street from my house
I mean I don't not not want KU to win ... Maybe...
You're right. Streets of Fire is a good movie.
gonna be a blowout...
i just wanted to mean something.
« « #Bears are holding a local Pro Day at Halas Hall today.»»
I loved the jacket, but needed another size.
What are you doing today?
Hoping to impress at dinner so & follow me. Wingmen=
Because David Simon's HOMICIDE is not yet on Instant even though it should be
Come to Holistic Arts Conference Feb 18, 10-6PM at 71 West 23rd Street, NYC. Enjoy a Day for Healing, Personal Transformation & Networking.
Cool! RT : Tech + #Logistics delivers help. UPS shares insights from Haiti relief Health + Humanitarian Log Conf today.
The cable box in my bedroom doesn't function on BET.... It's for the best.
lol what you been up to ?
Enjoying Joe Lovano's Bird Songs w/ Us Five. Saw Lovano and Us Five 2+ yrs ago in Village Vanguard. They have come a long way. Impressive!
IK!! Especially the bands
GUESS WHAT? I don't know.
its not a party till the cops show up!
Ok that answers my question :)
Pretty sure is the best place in Chicago for a quick lunch. Always delicious!
miss you too! I'm getting home sick I really miss y'all.
cause i can love you more than this<3
#QuarterbacksBetterThanRomo .. Stephen McGee!
#YouOuttaLine and now your house is in foreclosure; We can help!
Wow. I have my first basketball game tomarrow, and im sick. I feel like me head is gonna explode. Someones gonna have to hose me off the ...
Well my brother David's tennis team lost in the NCISAA state quarterfinals tonight. But they still had a great season with an 11-1 record.
Just hung out at the houston food bank. If you can donate time or food, please do. Visit www.houstonfoodbank.org to help.
I'm not even a Kobe fan. But seriously, the aren't down 50 and Lebron hasn't won THE hardware yet. Until then....
had a great time recapping the 300 !!!
"What happened to the French at Agincourt for $500, Alex."
thomas has his first TO of the game after matthews steals the ball
thanks for the 3 star review of Everytime We Say Goodbye in your March issue.
I like how every time the announcers say "New Mexico" it's like they're surprised to be saying it.
Sure. I'll send you my email address.
How many people can say that they have a relationship wher da love is present in everything that they do?
will i eat this whole bag of grapes in one day? maybe.
I'm stayin at the Cosmopolitan this time actually to check out their wrap around terrace suite
i hope i win that contest it would me the world to me n u followin me on twitter would mean alot to me<3
Drinking a hazed & infused w/ Great beer been wanting to try this for a while!
maybe cuz i chugged a medium iced coffee...
Looking for people to interview about policy decisions leading up to Proof Of Concept Centers @ universities
Great points, seriously and I will consider utilizing them. But Twitter is still the platform we choose to make it. Have a great day!
Fuck michigan state
Ill never lie to make you feel better, but Ill tell you the truth in hopes that it get's better!
"Don't be fooled by the calendar. There are only as many days in the year as you make use of."
To you im just another face in the crowd. To me your the only one I see <3
how do we get in touch w the kid who does those amazing books?
What you appreciate appreciates.
Thanks Tony! I am so looking forward to it too!
Awesome job compiling it all! Do you by chance have the data in a spreadsheet?
will start on borgias after I finish
you're right. I'm old; get confused.
Saints rocks!
1310 comes in just crappy enough in Wales that I can't understand any of the play by play for #badgers hockey.
you guessed it! But I love #MyBou!
I have to poop!
Thanks. I didn't know they had a public calendar option.
Niggas that act like girls <<<<< hell naaaaa
. Yeah, usually I'd say yes. But if he starts drinking, he won't remember if I was there or not. And it is our date night.
Picking Low-priced All inclusive vacation Vacation Packages ...
Politics? Don't even get me started...that's a subject that could be tweeted on from now until....Fact: They all Lie & we have to choose one
These songs are sounding killer.
the fam is doing well. My daughter is growing up. It's crazy man.
thanks got her she is such a great actress!
You know this is fault for saying UK might lose then would win a close one. Flip flopper.
I wish this weather was like this year round
And wow, not even your call center is helpful. Geico is over $100 less for the same coverage, sorry if you don't "believe it".
thinking of a father's day gift idea? go to www.threeapparel.com!
make two dreams come true but following me nd 38
I'm a prime candidate for the gene to receive the drug addict trait...
12 shots and no goals!! Go USA!!! #uswnt #world cup
ikr but no cz i mean he gt a history
I just saw 10 aligators within 1 minute... holy jesus.
I GET A COMPLIMENTARY BEAR??? Sign me up.
I see you everyday at school yet I've never talked to u. You want her, but I'd like to talk to you.msg me!!! <3
Its all in my head, I think about it over and over again
Today is 's bday!! Cheers to the man/assistant that would be lost without. Happy birthday sir :)
funny! hugs
don't be hatin *B rad voice*
Thats still in GA
If anybody at this awful kids party asks, my twitter name is unless that one is taken
“: All cows in the world have different patterns of spots and not a single one has them identical to another.” holy shit! $$$
5 more minutes! Hold on lads! I BELIEVE THAT WE WILL WIN! I BELEIVE THAT WE WILL WIN!
Bitches tryin to kick it like they Vicky B's husband
Officially missin' my baby. :\
wish I could have been there! Good luck in Oklahoma!
currently checking my Amazon account to see if a package has been delivered rather than going down the steps to the front door...
Lost my league with McGahee in it too
im aware
Just stepped out of the studio into Times Square for a break. The movie Soylent Green comes to mind.
Sometimes I rock at life. Sometimes I suck at life. Rarely am I just doing ok. Currently I suck - but storms always pass. :)
Thank you! see you soon. RT Fantastic lunch with the crew today.
def needa write a cover letter ------------blah. i dont wanna be a grown up..... not THIS soon anyways.
can I get a tweet for my birthday? :) <3 :D
Spinning at Skip Gibson's this Thursday along with resident DJ, Dj flashback. Get in free before 10. 18+
u ok?
Damn it, I'm catching a cold
Sometimes we have to take breaks from our hustle to make time for the important people in our lives.
Me n my bra fina get on des platniums
but cant sleep
Perfect “: Having a place to go is a home, having someone to love is a family, and having both is a blessing."
Cesare Lombroso~ Genius is one of the many forms of insanity.
Do you need Your Thoughts, LLC to #promote your #company every month? Contact us for details!
Tonight-Ashley's wine tasting; Wed-Erin Woods' open mic; Thurs-Young Jewish Professional Mixer; Fri-DJ Ryan Butcher, he's bad ass.
Thank You Love <3 XD YAY your my first follower for my Make-Up Artist page
Ill keep it simple for ya. Don't bother trying to play me, I'm a better player than you think. ;)
I'd be very leery taking advice that the #brewers season isn't over from anyone who writes blogs and wants people to read them all season.
Well, at least SOMEONE is happy about it...
i be following ppl then it unfollws on its own # sorry everyone
In the studio configuring simulated space for low toms, timpani and orchestral brass recorded in different sessions. The new track... holy.
i'm blessed taking care of my kids and taking care of bills. I'm good.
Thanks my friend :)
. not personally, though in some stores I have no signal, so maybe. #NewTech blocked signal discussion
are you going to see ? I wanna go.
E Young Jr slaps RBI single. No spot on roster secured, but is out of options.
Did you just say fried chicken cause I'm black? D;<
damn that tweet got so many retweets!
BOOM KD is the MAN nuff said
RT : if your "librarians still matter" argument doesn't mention readers advisory, you're doing librarians and readers a disservice
Break That Single is the business... We love indie music artist and would like to support in anyway possible...XRadio.Biz
Love me, maybe?
Ive got the red going w/ some chianti colli senesi, and I hope to mead the mead starter going w/ some craft beer.thnx agn!!
Having Barney Frank there makes me feel so much safer......What a relieve
$10 Discount on #OneMusicFest tickets thru the end of June. I'll be getting mine! It was one of the best concerts I attended last year.
Does it still count as a #Jerzdayyy celebration if I'm getting fucked up but going to miss the new episode?
Is your music writer Rob on Twitter? I need to give him an internet high-five about his choice for Album of the Year
Can I go home now?
The school's firewall SUCKS
rainy dayz go away so i can go outside and play! gonna work on cataloging my vinyl!
Was at 12th and Porter on Sunday to see & now, though.
which soundtrack album are you listening to?
Fuck the older guys that are more immature than my younger brother
I got that itis
well played, sir. :-)
Iight I'll talk to my mom this week and well figure out a good one...or three
#bullshit keep wishing I'm your momma at boxing. I OWN YOU.
Anothher days work : Helping with her metal work (decapitating people, worshiping satan, carving pentagrams in forehe ...
And posted it ONLINE.
How do I decide which events to attend at the ALA Annual Conference? Get help with this decision and more tomorrow at 4:30pm in Room P-206!
Hi Zach, thanks for the follow! Looking forward to your tweets. Like to be added to our public alumni twitter list?
Congratulations to the Carmel Winter Market at City Center. Great opening day! Over 500 visitors. Vendors pleased. Pedcor pleased.
President is in #SanDiego today! If you had the $38k required to ask him a question, what would you ask?
Thanks for the Mother's day wishes!
so the just stop in New Hampshire? No wonder NH motto is "Live Free or Die"makes sense
My pleasure! <3 ": Glad to know you're out there doing helping the cause!! Thanx!!”
. "Stress free" doesn't jibe with my experiences as a tech writer.
When I finally get to hang out with >>>>
if you say so.. I'm just thinking slightly overdone (possibly) I haven't fully decided yet!
This biology hallway smells like period blood tho.
haha yea man I miss it but the track coach didn't help me out
I don't follow and unfollow. I never go on this so i donno what it's doing.
My dad spells my name wrong. Shows how much we know each other.
We Love Janet Jackson T shirts!! Who wants Janet Jackson T-shirts????
I changed it immediately when I got first notification earlier today. Thanks for the note. Apologies for the DM...
Im 16 and im still getting dolls for christmas. I love my new ALOT!!!! <3 143!
RT : We rarely lose friends, we usually just figure out who our real ones are.
What does a girl have to do to get an interview with for her new show ? I mean seriously, what do I have to do?
Busy, busy day getting ready for the 3-to-6 Initiative Focus on Youth conference on Saturday!
calling reality show personalities fame whores and phonies is like saying the sun is too bright LOL
not sure on that one yet, but I'm thinking you should share if you find it!
Check out our new avator. It is so beautiful here.
I know haha. I follow him on fb because I liked his rap and he made a post today about his blog txt from bennett lol
Less is less...love that
I am the worst mechanic EVER!!
Paradise Fears, The Cab, The Summer Set, and Days Difference at The Emerson Theater on 1/31! Who is going? [=
Eating a salad is the same as working out, right? Don't answer that.
hanging at the lake
Does the viscosity of peanut butter not qualify as a liquid?
Hey penguins, it would be really awesome if you scored
keeps "accidentally" channel surfing by the Bikini All-Stars show..... ew
My lil bro haz a game 2day! If they lose , they go home. I hope they win!
They say that nobody is perfect. Then they tell you practice makes perfect. I wish they'd make up their minds.-- Wilt Chamberlain
ahh I'm so sorry <3
following me dats whats up young money cash money
Week 5- MindFirstFitness meets the Philosophy Day School Faculty. A discourse on 'contraindications for injuries and how to avoid them...'
your welcome
Why do I find these German E! Online headlines so amusing? Can't help it. "Werft einen Blick auf Kim Kardashians $7.000-Hochzeitstasche!"
RT : YouTube, Twitter, facebook and iTunes, Please let me sleep. sincerely, yours truly.
really really wish this series was avail on Netflix here.
music lacks substance nowadays think I heard all the #whippedkitchen music I can stand a oz is an oz f**k the cost..make it good and shut up
when a girl walks and a man whistles from his car i don't look back im human. not ur damn dog
Ok, whose idea was it to volunteer me to be fashion model today?! : Great turnout for fashion show at Simon Fashion Valley Mall
yeah yeah yeah, don't remind me!
Ohh man..sad face..
Thanks for following. Follow this guy and get some great tweets.
who could deny these butterflies. <3
you have come over to the dark side
I need to see that awesomeness in person someday. Not in a dark Chi nightclub either! lol
I know I'm pumped
Constructive thoughts reflect inner goodness aligned w/ angelic energy Constructive thoughts have color, shape and brilliance
Would love to partner with you, how can we move forward?
Either play the game or let the game play you and be that broke motherfucker talkn bout i stayed true-
There has never EVER been a day that I could just sit down and chill at home. There's always cleaning -.-
Well, you've ducked him like 4 times... RT I'm fighting Miguel Cotto on May 5th because Miss Pac Man is ducking me.
You know I'll want the "B" , necklace for sure, got my PayPal all figured out :) Soon, *few months* I'll want to commission you.
already said this.... but hey! :)
im dead serious if you say currdy it sounds like cody in an australian accent.
Ugh. Still tired despite coffee.
Well we could all see who the professor hates and adores
I wish I could say this was my last week of school.. #FML #SemesterExams :/
Great job w/ ...keep up the good work!!!
I don't know any other kind of nap! :p
My kids' idea of a hard life is to live in a house with only one phone. - George Foreman
Ahh! I was so confused, but thank yah! This is the first time I remember them blooming so much!
#followfriday worthy friends
Your My Backround On My Phone......I Bet You Feel Good
7th... when they realize its not just for the teacher the results are much better
6 out of 10 US consumers say they "Enjoy getting postal mail from brands about new product in the mail" Brandspark
heya wats up #bellathrone143 wat r u doing you rock can u tell me were you get ur clothes, cause you always dress fantastic LUV YA <3
Of "course!"
Sorry to hear that Brad Hamm, IU School of Journalism dean, is leaving for Northwestern. Enjoyed working with him on IN Journ. Hall of Fame.
Thanks for all the support from our followers!
"I been in this game for years, it made me a animal It's rules to this ish, I wrote me a manual"
RT : It's STC, not STW -- #lavacon communication is more than writing words
#IWantToBe getting ready for the Hunger Games premiere. But I'm not freaking going.
Ok, I admit it: I want Google+. An invite would be greatly appreciated if possible:
Omg! I can't wait to see our master piece!!! ❤ U!!! RT“: Total #FABULOUSNESS working w today!
stop talking about it :( I will give you some of my medicine and you will be fine tho ;)
Im kinda on some I dont give a fuck type shit...
is it me or did we somehow sneak over the 2000 threshold? don't tell MR Tweet Guy
yes. actually, i do know where you're going. you taught me these type of thins when i was 7...
good stuff, Deena. Hey, does "One Life, No Regrets" have a Kickstarter thing?
is she ok?
Keep Austin Archives: Dr. Gracy on the Texas Archives of 1842 and Today: bit.ly/n4u1Gh [via iSchool You and SAA-UT]
My wittle toes are cold
our poll in MD had 64% supporting a fee. I think these HI numbers are amazingly low.
There seems to be fewer places in the world to be a dictator of a country yet there are many still practicing at the individual level!
Congrats for turning "A New Turn in the South" into a James Beard Award!
More holistic vision for grad work? MT : students see chance for leadership as keeping them from finishing degrees?
i doubt hes just gonna come out and say hes bi
Wrestling in the am sure why not it's been a while.
Looking for oncoming traffic after you have crossed the street while talking on your phone is not the way it works!
alright John Q
Literally am going to kill my landlord for providing us with such SHITTY Internet.
When big music artists ask ya to "Ghost Write" for them, means they want the hit song with all the bragging rights.
Gasol can actually make shots
it would be awesome if u followed me :)
Mexican Fisherman Chorizo and Egg Party Platter
Sometimes it's great to watch a game with no rooting interest. This #Braves #Rockies game is insane.
u r right
Anyone selling a ticket for tonight??
Until they create working definitions for these NBA awards I really can't get too invested in their significance.
Our ferrets have a new home! Yaaay! (Also: THAT was quick!)
Have to give props to my entrepreneurship professor for his tailgate; never had gourmet omelets and orange juice mixed with champagne before
FYI I was joking about the first part well it would be nice to have one.
I was in stress lately but I'm doing good now.
A "squirm" of museum professionals.
Jailed again I see! lol You and I must tweet the same amount to get jailed at the same time lol
Always fall asleep with subtle thoughts of you right next to me...
Hey Los Angeles! Go check out tonight at The Satellite! They will be playing some new songs and it will be epic!
I like trains.
I wish I had more friends on twitter. :(
S/O to the gym door for fighting back against me and
Saw "Cabin In The Woods" today, and it was absolutely delightful! Thanks for not spoiling it for me, everybody!
With the coolest guy Ever
I get the NY times alerts . Really annoyed-nothing about #OWS protests but i get news about the Cardinals beating the Rangers?? WtF?
I hate running after the #mbta it's a bus STOP!
I DO NOT recommend red salsa day after anal...just sayin
That is a great idea, my friend! Enjoy :-)
What if...
Confirmed--all precincts reporting. >> Results from Dallas County show overwhelming support for Nowitzki.
How have you been hombre? We need to catch up ASAP fool!
got my first catalogue with special effects equipment and life casting materials. So excited. Wish I had money!
Boom One Records newest release by Hope Massive, "Itani" is now available on Beatport!
The Material Girl is singing at Super Bowl XLVI Halftime in 2012. That's right Madonna is performing and it will be LEGEND wait for it DARY!
LOL...please chk in on the regular so I know if I need to send 911
Now I think bout it, I wanna a basketball wife..
Anymore news on the Mets?
try not to call them ladies B's but them hoes swarming.
yo but Howard in the heat would be amazing lebron in the magics lol idk
I'm doing great.. just on the road to my birthplace
hah i dunno most Asian women i know age gracefully...my old professor she was in her 60s but looked super young for her age.
Happy Holidays everybody!!
Pushing dirt!
Happy #FF to you! Enjoy this beautiful day ;) RT :
Loving the beautiful weather here in DC.
knew two dis
I keep on dreaming about Hawaii idk why
but they didn't like that I was focusing energy on other girls... It was selfish
Thanks for RT and for the follow. Love the bio!
congrats on the lease. i'll raise a glass with you all on friday.
Catalog Now! #NDSA Jack Brighton's bumper sticker for radical librarians
I thought you must be watching this when I saw your fb status. #fullapproval :)
I just want to feel what it feel likes to have an older sibling because I'm the eldest.
And while we're on the topic, isn't the role of vs. American media a more interesting discussion than the tired topic of tweeting?
<---- this rain making me feels sleepy. *Shrugs*
other options: do more than one thing, do a very simple thing, change meaning of "wide", change your standards.
So know the feeling, but yes please do bother, so I can listen to you & think the same.
Another Day Another Dollar!!
Yeah there's quite a few Preds fans around here. You also get the big two regional teams (Hawks and Wings) fans too.
Bench all my own!
Hyper-Competition Returns to Enterprise Networking...
Hey - great meeting you. Love what you're doing with - everybody watch what they launch next!
Apple fights back! Makes fake commercial in which Ellen can't figure out her sexuality.
notice me out of 20million #BELIEVE 12
“I think there's just one kind of folks. Folks.” ―To Kill a Mockingbird; Happy Birthday, Harper Lee
I nailed it.
Annoyed that Twitter only lets us have 10 lists: I need like 15. I have a huge list in a text-file of all my peeps that are into
I'm the girl with the bacon tattoo.
Happy Birthday Mama G!
Feel free to send us a DM with details.
Good chance of showers today. -- Bathroom Forecast.
In these streets tonite!! Im too much like my mama..lol. Dont have to work till 9pm tmrw! Bang!
I bet! Especially if you are travelling.
Damn! 23.4K followers. Not bad! I think you only had a few hundred when I started following you. Nice work buddy
that's stupid I'm like the WHITE!!! Michael Jordan.
and you one in a billion<33
Good morning! I'm thinking brunch sounds delish.. Anyone else?! #brunch #it'sallgood
Baruch College students speak over 110 languages and represent 160 countries.
So exciting to have so much support! Love you guys! Muah!
And does fall asleep to Paul Simon music pretty consistently.
Obama, Boehner, Reid, McConnell & Pelosi must all appear together on Make a deal on live TV or explain this stalemate.
At Riverwest Public House for $10 all you can drink Sprecher / Great Lakes Distillery with
...so you can still ENJOY OUR LABOR DAY SALE and stock up on all your yoga/activewear essentials! stay safe!
working on May sweeps
So true. And now we're eating popcorn, so she's really playing up the puppy dog eyes!
checkout www.muzlink.com/ Amariah my email is
ok I'll check em. Dm me your email again
ABSOLUTELY! A good choice. So many books to choose from.
hoping the throwback jerseys and big silver chain makes a comeback this week for the rap...
#Beautiful pic...I wanna go!!!!!!
#StaySafe #Tip: Choose a study #abroad / #travel program that is willing to disclose their #safety record in full. If they won’t – don’t go.
Everyone follow He follows back!
Hello my wildcats!
An Actor's Mantra....ish RT : Language creates reality. Words have power. Speak always to create joy.
It aggravates me how much judgement and self-righteousness still exists in the world. Shame on those who said he deserved it RIP Joe Paterno
I hate it when people ask famous people to retweet there stuff about something stupid that prolly isn't even true...
My dad just told me I suck after posting that on FB! LOL.
how was your thanksgiving?<3
are you still in SEA tomorrow?
I hate when I get all panicky... I hope that I have no reason to be. #praying 🙏
Anything released in association with the RIAA is fair game for steals. Fuck those bastards.
The magic of twitter- discovered that was at the / Alere demo at #SHRM11 - SMALL WORLD! more to follow at the tweet-up
lawn isnt that bad. i had it at lil wayne! the concert's still a lot of fun <3
"Thats We Are The In Crowd." "No its potato." "Oh i love that band."
Going to go watch stupid television. Yes, at 2:40 in the morning. Because is the slowest slow thing to ever slow.
It's the Great Snowman, Charlie Brown
it'll be okay. It's nerves and apprehension. Deep breaths.
2 weeks before classes begin! Need to change a class/build a schedule? The Registrar's schedule Builder app in the student center can help.
Wanna b in Little Italy, and watch the National Championship Tonight, Check Maxi's Bar! Sip on a Cocktail, enjoy a Calamari, or Maxis Pizza
193 followers in just 3 days...wow...I am impressed! -Jared
open house 2day!
aww. thx for the weekend mentions you're the bestest!
imma kill you
it's LAKERS time
Who falls asleep in restaruants?
agree with worried about extending into highered
I won a free book! I never win free stuff. Like, ever. I usually win stuff that costs me money or blood.
DQ soft serve + succotash = welcome to Minnesota.
What's good yo? ... What does it take to get a beat from Gmo?
Tebow and Rex Ryan should be an interesting combo. NFL drama is the best reality TV anywhere.
hahahaha never that you look cute but young lol
The lyrics to this song is just too legit right now.
So tempting. Photoshop CS6 has some nice upgrades for web designers.
Wow! Percy Grainger's The Warriors. Who knew?
Day 2 tomorrow.
even the people who never frown eventually break down.
The weather is prime for that right now.
Tyler Perry said Whitney loves the Lord
This song rocks: just listening 2 #afterlife on
Thanks for the RT yesterday!
lol Yup!! Wow time flies when you're having fun!
Come on, lol.
Life isn't about waiting for the storm to pass... It's about learning to dance in the rain ~ Author Unknown |
well now you got me interested ;)
Especially mine. I'm not a delicate typist.
I like this move RT : Quinn Johnson traded to Titans for undisclosed draft pick, according to Titans.
Beautiful :) RT : Pause for Prayer: When I turn to you in prayer, God, you untie my burdens and heal my spirit. Glory be to you!
I want a statement shoe
runner up from last series. Haven't watched since. seems like a good choice?
Going to try to hammer through the rest of the walkthrough this weekend, then a 108 stars list guide
can i get a shout out :)?
Gas aint free!!!
Just came back from a #P90X #CoreSynergistics workout. Good change of pace for a weekend workout.
You're welcome - a great event! "Great job by on our #CITEconf app! Social, collaborative, & fun!"
probably not, but it does exist.
life doesn't always deal you a good hand, its up to you to learn how to play that bad hand well
Hell to the yeah.
Continuous playback is part of the #nextsoundcloud, allowing you to browse while listening
I still bump that mixtape like krazy
You will never know the true value of moment until it becomes a memory
thank you lenny for the trianing site and the calls you are really rocking peoplestring!
I think i love ice cream
You could always hire a consultant to teach the teachers, based on school policy and best practices.
Any time I see a beautiful, successful woman, I think, wow! Not too long ago you were just a rib who loved apples! Life, huh? What a thing!
Long but great day today. As always, God is at work. His winks were obvious. Oh...at what is on the horizon. Game changer...world changer.
hahahah! Love it. Sam is so cute, haha.
Today in school...Student: Mr. Roberts, why does everybody say "Lebron James doesn't have a ring"?
"We want to make sure contaminated reusable bags into restaurants". Um... there are germs everywhere all the time.
that was THE best wake up ever!
i love you man<3 we got plenty more fucking insane years ahead of us. this year was nuts.wouldnt change it in any way
Yay gonna go out to eat ^_^
Peace out #muncie... I'm not from #Houston but I rap a lot... Texas bound time to get warm
all good, have a safe trip! One of these days we will rock another show together I am sure. We will try and hold down SF for you!
What is the "cinnamon challenge"?
About an hour and a half to coach bus liberty? I hope so.
You've got to be kidding - RT : Vice President Joe Biden says the sitcom “Will & Grace” helped change perceptions about gay rights
really really well.... with a few glasses (read boxes) of wine ;)
Hey Michelle! :) Just wanted to swing by and say Hi to one of Dive's biggest supporters!
UPDATE please UPDATE: 0 A.D. The king killed all new borns 2000 AD You give them a nice dose of mercury to keep them like nice little sheep
Real eyes, Realize real lies.
Dude I'm with you my man. Those are some of the best songs of all time. Best Rapper Alive, Tha Mobb /Cc
is it true makes you money! Well damn merry Xmas spread the wealth! Ggggggguint
u should try out at alot of places
I'm doing well! Sorry for the late reply, I was in the car. I've gained weight too. I'm gonna hit it hard in January too
I'm good, how's Atlanta treating you so far?
he is doing some mean batting too
damn right. Sometimes it's cool and other times it just blows dick
“: Either you run the day or the day runs you. ~Jim Rohn #quotes”
I find it so cute when the whitest boys like mixed girls
Good to know! RT Vintage Brews appeared to have a soft launch last night.
😰 boo RT : Scalabrine in arena interview: "Don't know if that was my last shot, but it was same spot as MJ hit his last shot"
Nah, I'll just regret it in the morning.
Convincing yourself that you don't give a fuck anymore, is one of the hardest things you can ever do.
So you went while napping
Thank you, David! I truly love working for the Eden Prairie Fire Dept. A great organization, well-led at all levels.
Watching Iron Man with Viggle Sat | 19 | FX Get real rewards just for watching TV.
is it a comic adaptation?!
Scotty: "Captain Qirkzy Enterprise can not take it anymore...I'm givin' er all she's got."
O Frabjous day! Found the first bottle of Fluffy White Rabbits of the spring!
Even though I handled a sick daughter and put together her big-girl bed, I still managed to grade a revised draft. Woo!
Look like buffalo wild wings the movement for the night
Watching Get Smart.
I don't care what anyone thinks, I'm having chocolate chip ice cream for dinner. That said, I'm ready to dine!
damm u's bouta pull an all nighter? i cant be doing that anymore unless i'm with my girl or something. lmao real talk.
Some one should be hang at Penn state
We are the boys in motion
It was so great to see Kathy Fredgren. What a wonderful time we had!
Droideley seemed nice last time I used it. Let me know what you think.
Ooh, good to know! Thank you. I'll update that now.
Q. Why don't women wear watches? A. There's a clock on the stove!
Yay! So glad you like it, Thanks for coming out to see my little corner of the CSS world :).
June 1st! :) When's yours?
The Library Roadshow should come visit us at the Escondido Public Library.
Are you an employee or a mercenary? As fewer Americans are employees, the dyamics of the workplace change dramatically.
When will keep his old promise and move to France/Canada/somewhere else.
W.beyondthescoreboard.net where do people feel like this is so much of a revenge game when Kyle orton asked to leave
the tupac hologram at coachella strikes me as this generation's rock-a-fire explosion animatronics at showbiz pizza
give me a shout for PERM IT/Software folks!
I'm so excited about going all Andrew Jackson on BofA and calling them a many-headed hydra of corruption
let me see that when you finish up sir
CA tour and debut EP plans in the works! so far, April 27 at and April 28 at
please tell me your joking.
i just realized I missed DWTS tonight! Darn it. When you're busy u miss so much. A good reminder 2 slow down & enjoy what's around u! xo
S/o to u big bruh. the future is bright on both ends,just anxious to collab wit u and make HISTORY
#DCfunfact! The Statue of Freedom on the Capitol looks small, but it’s actually 19 feet 6 inches tall & weighs approximately 15,000 pounds!
So Happy! :D
I have never sleep this late..
Mcdonald's breakfast >>>
I love you too beautiful<3
hopefully tweets again tonight, but I dont know that will mean shes tweeted 3 days in a row, unusual 4 her
cool, well there has been 16 yrs of playoffs, and all I know about you making the playoffs is that we OWN you in them.
