hey check out , I created a directory of all the best tools that i keep updated
Of course I will, darling! You have a lovely weekend too :)
Red pepper flake to the eye. Win!
Horses weren't really built for swimming with skinny legs and all. And what if a shark had caught up with it?
Being married is like having beer on tap in your own home
goflgybkkbhuh i want to sleep 
Why do men find it difficult to make eye contact? Breasts don't have eyes.
We just booked 'Water Drops on Burning Rocks,' 'The Crying Game' & 'Aimee & Jaguar' for Fall. Spread the word!
So. Bright. Out.
Thank ya for the rt :)
Na' long story... I'm overcoming a stroke.
Enough drama for the day.
Fuck niggaz will always show themselves - no need 2 point them out
I feel the need to dramatically cut my hair now. brb
I am currently staffing an exclusive oppty for a PHP Developer in the Seminole County section of Florida. Let's talk...
We would love to thank all the artists that work with us. Without their great talents this would not be possible!
That'll do it for the Caps.
haha... It rains a lot here too, but i think its just cause mother nature hates us
You know how long it took me to get a rough take of every Saturday Morning beat? The same amt of time it took to make the last tiny tweaks.
Just a lazy day today. Might even watch some football.
our friend who is going to perform a show at WCG 2010 is performing in PDX #pdxevents Nov 11th check out Sink or Swim on itunes
Just had some Chinese food at the wok inn
- now #4 in the world and the top-ranked American in the world. Amazing to think where he was 4 years ago.
Have you ever met Fionna?
Trust me it'll be okay
Genesee sex resources needed for city hall fight could be used elsewhere
Scottsdale is HOT. Awesome party. fun crowd, and amazingly nice service
Thinking about klout, github, and other APIs that could be applied to large data sets of scholarly info. Brad Allen/Elsevier.
thanks pal!
Can't wait to see your face son!!!!
Are they chanting Dre Kirkpatrick for the Buccaneers? Wouldn't be the worst pickup.
Cure for tryptophan induced comas - Chocolate Peppermint Shakes & Smoothies at #Burgerville Buy one get one free today only!
I love watching athletes do stuff normal people can't at the olympics. I love watching dance their faces off for the same reason.
you're on my "I love you" list!
listened to Richard Tait (Cranium inventor) talk tonight about idea generation at UW, really inspiring
If you ever need anything please don't hesitate to ask someone else first. - Kurt Cobain
thank you sir! Much appreciated!
Thank you for installing confidence in today's youth. Her new book, 'The Drama Years,' was on NBC today
So glad I stayed up this late
girl you just graduated last year
You've practically made a career of it.
Go patriots ;)
guess I'll see y'all wen u get bac
I put, everything by the door My family lay down for the night My children were scared and were crying So I told them I'd leave on the light
lol! I don't come in until noon. I just got done working out
What ever you want shawty i'll give it 2 you ♥
what's the name of the video?(:
: Oh, I'd love that. Sounds like an open invite to me. We'll make it happen. ;D
Looking great! Congratulations!
Bro'n out watching blue mountain state. Funny show!
Waiting for my Droid to charge before I go running. How can I run without JogTracker and Pandora?!?
Can the #Blazers please have a good draft this year?
Ordering cat's Maalox. Seriously.
haha yea I get out at 3 :/
I've heard this rant many times from Soren over the years. He's always on point. Maybe the #Royals should start listening.
sarah connor chronicles then sleep
Cases require very close reading. They are complicated exemplars designed to challenge thinkinig of many concepts.
great! See you then!
I share the love but there IS such a thing as too much gold lamé. Even if it comes with a Lanvin tag
I mean I'm skinny and my parents' food doesnt make me fat :D
Have an awesome Wednesday :)
yeah i noticed that earlier, why did you lose it?
you weren't kidding... that is an awesome wallpaper background image!
Great to see ringside! #boxing -ms
I sent you DMs. Please read. I'm completely to blame but it was not intended. Sorry.
Next time you are having a bad day, think of those 33 Chilean minors who were trapped for so long but stayed in such good spirits. Amazing.
so many prom pictures on my facebook newsfeed...
The 8 hour plane ride was HELL. Tiny seats. Everyone packed in together. The dude next to me kept ignoring
how's life treating u
Already planning my new years bash!!!
On plane watching a woman read a book on her Ipad. She still licks her fingers to turn page.
Boredd as fuck :l someone should text me, 'cause I actually get service!
What a scary moment. Someone jumped in front of the train. Luckily the person is ok. Train driver braked extremely hard.
I've slept at The Lighting Field & searched for the lines of Las Vegas Piece. Can't wait to complete my de Maria trilogy !
I really really really want to, but I'll be coming home from a road trip then. :(
Hey, comic book shops. If I'm not following you, slap me in the back of the head and I will.
I saw it when it was called YOU INSTEAD. It was cute with great music, but I honestly didn't think it would get US release.
Mel Gibson, Jews, and Power - Tablet Magazine
I love assignments! I have no trouble being productive if someone else tells me what to do: 4 Weeks to a More Organized Home: Assignment
you're probably right.. #stupidbox lol
Zeus tricked, betrayed, and then ate Mētis. She still managed to birth Athena while inside him, who then sprang from Zeus' head.
Tell them you love them before it's too late.
If Game of Thrones starting season two tonight is an April Fools Joke, someone will pay.
How so?
that's disappointing. I don't think I've ever had a TJ rose. My go-to rose is Mulderbosch Cabernet Rose. Under $10 & delicious.
“: BYX SHIRTS ARE IN!!!! Come find me and Robby in the SUB If you want to buy one today!" WHAT HE SAID!!
Rehearsal is fun
am I just a tweeter to you? :'(
I like it, it must be a newer model visor. BMo won't have to worry about it fogging BUT it won't protect his schnoz either!
please follow she is you biggest fan!57
I'm off by 9 but w/e... my 1000th tweet goes to :) he's the reason i created a twitter, and I'm still hoping he'll follow me.
Follw #UWSMPHIC as Med 2s work on integrating healthcare and social media all day today.
thought I was dying today. like this was it. for real.
Congrats to for being drafted to the Houston Texans! You made it(: ; miss you ♥
Get on the list for Lottie's new year's eve bash w/ MC John Keister, and killer music w/ Johnson and The Hot Spots!
grab and hung me on your wall with ur arms, dive on my wet pussy
thx for all the support. finished with doc. no surgery! just physical therapy for a month. not even a sling to let the world know i'm hurt.
How sweet, teaching them young that life is a just one big crib cell and drugs occasionally. Miss ya.
not being able to go to a concert/ the concert you're suppose to go to sells out
Get me out of this house!
Thanks! We had fun putting it together and is a great partner to have. Have a great weekend!
you should drop Just sayin'.
I wanna take a hot one now =P
Well No sleep tonight!
I might regret this, but all of the sudden in-camera digital B+W feels more fun than fiddling in RAW.
You know very well that college is many times better than high school.
I know its appreciated so I'ma forget the other bull***.
Anybody want any suggestions on some tv series to watch online? I watch quite a few ranging from anime to sitcoms to competitions :)
lets take over #twitter brah
I thought it was interesting, if only because it shows the shrewd political side of Alicia that we don't get as much.
"The days will always be brighter because you existed." R.I.P. Joey 5-5-06
Good advice for anyone, truly. RT please don't pee on yourself
you deserve every follower you have. :))
Just made an old family Mexican dish passed from my grandma to me
so um just to tell you that kiss on your prof. pic is foooo me ;D
Failure is not fatal, but failure to change might be. John Wooden
Mera && this random dude in my mentions are funny! Lol
Trailer Park Girl Hoodie
And sorry folks, now jumping off! I'll catch up on the conversation later - happy holidays to all!
I was trying to get him over to the darkside. *wink*
Eating breakfast at Wilma's Patio on Baloboa Island with 13 other Earwickers!
I did 8)
You should get on warped tour like last year.
; I appreciate and love my mother for raising me alone and helping me with my son. She's the best!
Just learned you can break to a Pink song... I won't be trying it.
I have lost my voice. 5 days incubation period means I'm coming to look for whom ever I came in contact w/ 5 days ago. Run suckas. Run!
RIP the great trombonist, arranger and educator Bob Brookmeyer. His music and his influence will be sorely missed.
I see great tweets – sounds like an amazing conference! Another conf you might want to check out KISSpdx event for women
Quote of the Day: “I feel that books, just like people, have a destiny. Some invite sorrow, others joy, some both. ” - Elie Wiesel
"Better watch your BUTT ED!"
thanks for the info!
Breakfast burrito asap.
Philadelphia police have arrived at Occupy Philly's camp at Dilworth Plaza.
Wasn't that fan interference even worth an argument from Showalter?? Seemed pretty obvious to me.
#MKTG118 Find and follow & - Tweet with mention & about something positive related to MATC
I don't need you to tell me how good my fucking coffee is!
Came across an enormous sparkly, copper-topped building I've never seen before in Sioux Falls. I feel like the entire final season of Lost.
Sounds like we have some GSM interference on the mics
Pinto beans are a great cholesterol-free alternative to meat. If you have high cholesterol, try a bean burrito instead.
work with LMNL forcing him out of the XML space to find new possibilities and then returning with those new possibilities
What's up my little boogers I feel like I haven't tweeted in a long time !
Sex in the lounge gurl I'm gonna take you down
The phases or stages of thought correspond to the purposes of thought. These are: analysis, formulation, and assessment.
ur awesome and u r deff not anerexic anyone tht knows u knows tht u love ur food lol haters these days(:
"There is no reason not to follow your heart" - Steve Jobs RIP
i was hoping i'd click on that picture and she'd be in a birthday hat or something ;)
promote promote promote, thats the name of the game
I feel like Alex Smith. Two months into my internship, my boss leaves. Two months later, my next boss leaves.. Perhaps they're scared of me?
FYI is hiring 2 interns for Marketing, Social Media & Fashion blogging! Let me know if you know anyone! :)
and in the order they won the cup... what are these playoffs
I blame the other person.
I miss when I could say "I love One Direction" and people would be like "who?"
I'll get readyy let's chill right now ^_^
I have a cold. Ugh.
and their Greek brother
I takes me longer to get ready for a carwash than a normal day
I adore you........ You're so incredibly amazing and beautiful
We will be closing for a few months...if you would like to check out one cool underground venue. Do it within the next two weeks!
Where is the NY date? I assume you guys still have more shows to add for later this month?
Was jus outside wit tisha & shawn , they bout crazy
Thanks for replies and inspiration today! Goodnight!
W-Limo launches 10% HOLIDAY DISCOUNT starting today throughout December. 847.655.2559 for your discount! ANY RIDE!! www.w-limo.com
time for a long winter's nap...
thanks for the RT's!
For now, I find the conflation of Google Docs with Google Drive confusing.
Which ones? Can those with pink slips or their STUDENTS have "happy Friday"? #LAUSD Rescind, fire "Social Media" job.
RT : "We are meant to be in relationships with other people. It gives us meaning. We want to be part of a connection." Brene Brown
Nice day at the Getty Villa. Lovely museum, and the "Aztec Pantheon" is a great exhibit for all you culture vultures out there!
Here is all the Info for the SECRET SEMINAR on Friday, for entertainers looking for Labels, A&Rs and diff connects in casting. ....
Try the Apple Cider.I'm pretty sure it has real apple in it, and it's delicious!
Freakin love the guitar in your pic! Holy shiz!
the Wugazi album is quickly becoming my go to for background listening.
Looking for a 35 year old Hispanic Male #Actor in #Tallahassee area for an upcoming role! Know anyone?
*sits in corner* can't put on a dunce cap cause I just did my hur =-)
just read your smuggling...it's great until you get caught. i'm addicted also just like u r. excellent.
Roommate's comment during Breaking Dawn, Part 1: "There sure are a lot of Volvos in this movie."
I don't blame Liam for having a man crush on Taylor Lautner. He's a sexy dude.
I love to sing!!!
thank you!!!!
RT : Everyone is fucking annoying. Hope they all get in a bus for a trip and it catches fire.
Thank you dear
LOL No...not rrreallyyy...I'm just tired of the bs.
Im so hyped for this draft its not even right!!! Im gonna go ahead and hope the bears find a way to get 2 first rounders. No pressure phil!!
if you were asked about "application of metadata to the virtual world" & you scan books for a living what would you think it meant?
Steak and spinach!
At home bored lets talk....<3
Pulled my back doing dead lifts last night. A humbling experience that not everyone has the same mobility as I hobble around my house. Ice.
Me neither. It's not a good way to engage about anything when it's not necessary to use that language.
There is a certain joy in watching a match where you know that you personally could have done at least as well.
I doubt it - it's a dumbass move by both sides. KY needs to play the IUs, the NCs, the KUs, the ULs, the UCLAs & the Dukes.
Thomas Sowell, Foxnews, says Herman Cain is "blacker" than Obama. Wonder if MLK ever envisioned a day when a president wasn't black enough?
Wow. I always imagined it as completely fictional.
what's in them then!?
50 cent right ???
Happy to! Looking forward to connecting. Working away today as well, plus class. :)
instead of this morning, I think I'll be in this afternoon.
Cabin in the Woods was awesome.
I never wanna see you crying, I never wanna see you suffer <3
seems like we are tweeting each others thoughts tonight!
Read my mind... Yup dats right!
I'm failing English woo!
No question here, I got the President's back. I support the Affordable Care Act.
What's everyone listening too?
But I can't blame you baby, it's me that's done wrong, cause I broke the skies that shine above.
ann thats the wrong usage of the word their/there epic fail
if you love Christian then follow for amazing tweets & facts about Christian
#truth RT Listened to the Adele record. What a lovely album. Damn she can sing...
Happy he's happy RT : your thoughts Montel Harris' dismissal?
"NOTHING has ever worked for me. But FINALLY, I found a weight-loss pill that WORKS. All Natural, Safe & Effective" - Your Weight-Loss Coach
Tweet tweet tweet! (A voicegram)
You cannot plough a field by turning it over in your mind.
Thank you, much appreciated!
Great to meet you Lara! Looking forward to hearing what you're up to...
Even with it being a rainy day...I am so grateful for today...and the simple joy it has given me.
It's nothing short of amazing how much better electric shavers are in 2012 than they were in 2002.
Went to Water St. for my report tonight. It was my 1st time there on St. Patrick's Day. When people are drinking & see a news crew...wow.
In Seattle
follow us please !!
Reunited with & <3
Hey - help me get sold on tweeting - imagine all those golden nuggets!
Progressive #Democrat in Virginia? Live in the 7th District? make sure to follow , candidate for Congress!
just finished their simply amazing set here at
RT : Leonard Cohen coming to #AUSTIN! What. Seriously, this is good y'all. On Halloween nonetheless!
Questions about the services we offer or dentistry in general? www.kravitzdental.com
Can't wait!! “ is on fire! "By The Bar", "Burn" and "Amen" #May7Dreamchasers”
I don't know if you remember/were aware of Dan Savage being a racist, sexist, transphobic and biphobic asshole.
The Kentucky Derby Is coming up? #ineed2keepupwiththetimes!!
really interested in promoting engaged pedagogies - Academics partnering with people outside in workplace through interns etc.
;O we needa spam him when hes on again :P haha
The President is catching some shit
#AmatuerHour: MT : Latest numbers on #Mifflin2012 are 282 arrests, mostly underage drinking, trespassing, and open intoxicants”
that's false just last night on the Louisville game they said Rick pitino is the ONLY coach to take 3 different schools
I'm still tight about my ribs i want the dog to suffer now i wanna crytho
haha y'all retarded... that shit on her right hand & bird finger.. calm down
Thanks for the recco : ) - following & looking forward to keeping up with what's happening Great stuff.
#FALALA is #AMAZING! YOUR #AMAZING! I LOVE #UNDERTHEMISTLETOE!! best album
oh, I see. Nice game, man.
Help: My name is incorrectly being indexed as "Marlo Dell&#39;Antonio" due to the apostrophe in my name. Can this please be fixed?
Ha! Whered he the blazer? #menswarehouse RT Hershel looks mighty snappily dressed for the zombie Apocalypse.
What was the best thing you tasted?
Kidding aside, good series. Pens need more grit and fire. Add in offseason. Find hungry players. Need 1 or 2 D men imo.
love u
A life worth living is a life worth recording. ~Tony Robbins rt
idk if that will catch on lol
Do you ever talk to your stuffed animals?
Bumming it for the OAA's tomorrow.
it's going to be long one! shooting time lapse all day and all night...and tomorrow? right back into the same!
That's what happens!
If you believe in a drug free home and want protect your family through early discovery you need to follow.
I love the kindle app on my iPad. But it is amusing when i have to stop to recharge my "book".
Columbus Furniture Store - Sofa Sectional Sale - ashley sofas
The #snow is really coming down; I hope the shipment of prizes for the #hunt doesn’t get
We're glad you were here.
you are a bad friend. You never come to our shows. <3
Beginning of 4th Q. Too bad we can't hear the band play victory at sea because the score board blasted music at the same time.
Looking forward to Pins, Pints & People at 's 2nd Anniversary on May 21st
Tweet #StudentsSpeak with your age and amount of debt you're in already from an education. Mine is...
no hands <3
Now errbody wants a damn hologram smdh...
No, actually I was just filling in for Elfman on that. Not on the dayclub beat just yet. :)
thank you captain obvious
In a really good mood :D
Hey Let's Follow Each Other!
What do you all think now that Timeline is active for businesses?
Tomorrow's WOD at is gonna
When life gives you a hundred reasons to cry, show life that you have a thousand reasons to smile.
Im about to be up editing pics all night lol.......
To keep your pet from using your carpet as a toilet again and again, you need your carpet cleaned extremely well.
it's good I promise
just said his biggest frustration in teaching is kids not being completely bought in. No goals.
Merchant advances up to $1M easy qualify 95% approval..contact for details at 888-819-6660
I'm penniless buy happy.
Of course none of those things happened! She was quite happy in your arms. I know Jack is jealous.
I've been fucking sick since last week,ugh.
Love is always subversive!
Tickets still avail for ASMAC's Holiday Celebration & Benefit! Also benefits LA Jazz Society-Dec. 6- For tickets/info: www.asmac.org
the stupid micro sd card broke!! it still has some good games in it though.
beer Olympics.
“An ant on the move does more than a dozing ox. ” Lao Tzu
Just installed Tor...and now Google thinks that I am Dutch and want to see my weather forecasts in Celsius.
Italy, I'm in love with you.
Tomorrow is going to be a long ass day, gonna literally run around town
"four year strong album, bottle of mountain dew and I'm ready to dick this essay. If this cunt ever moves the bus towards my uni that is."
wish i could share with ya, but I don't think any of this will make it out of my office!
I hear you busted out some SWEET moves on Friday!
How do I get an EHD?
Julyan did awesome out there tonight I am glad I got to see him play on the big stage. Hope you see the pictures soon too
That quote = EPIC
Very poorly! They've been all boxed up and stacked in the hall.
is not your problem nasty ass
I hadn't had fun in years... I live in Baltimore.
When Monday Night Football is on, people take a much longer time to get to the door for trick or treaters.
yeah fucks with school not these boys
Since it's Cinco de Mayo and I don't feel like leaving my apartment, I'm just going to have Mexican food delivered.
Brees is picking apart San Fran's secondary.
Also, stay tuned for pictures and a review from our last show with Elephant Doorstep, The Roxy Gunn Project, and AEthereal!! <3 <3 <3
just pronounced thai food "thigh" food and asked what it was....
Accident @ WB Beltline on ramp from Stoughton Road
Thanks for the follow. What kind of writing do you do?
Epic basketball games in S'Port last night as TWU prevails in 3 (yes 3) overtimes against #6 LSU Shreveport. Rams come from 18 down to win
CANT WAIT
Are you standing outside our house?
#Seminar was wonderful. Really great theater. Performances very nice especially Nicely done sir.
RT "At the to see Front row, baby!" Have a great time tonight, Paul! Should be fun!
That's the truth RT Steak ain't right without the A1..
lmaooooo I'm so stupid ahaha I literally peed my self laughing but wait the were here in miami wa (liam and miley)!? Lol
←←←Has NEVER seen ghetto stories
it's a fair amount of work getting a new computer from factory defaults to how you want/need it to be.
is so damn beautiful<3
it was great to see you and be bad minglers together! Even if there were no mummies. I guess there can't always be mummies.
"Going to Walmart, yolo" yeah. Not sure that's very 'yolo'.
whoa chill the Fuck out don't tryna start no shit u can't finish
how long you in socal?
Mf's Lame as hell nowadays & this city is boring as hell..
It feels good having a day without your phone ringing every two minutes with a Bbm
I lovee it when white people try to speak Spanish
haha hot to trot. Isn't that a saying or something?
better than any recipe I've tried in the past
good seen u to bro. glad ur feeling better.
Good parties this weekend! AND Lady Antebellum next week wants to sit and eat and watch the concert with me?
ewwww I think I just went straight!!!
Had a feeling that it was going to be tour footage
WWU prez stepping down in July. Search committee interviewing Pr Bryan of univ church, Dave Thomas & an assit vp from Union.
you're in 8th grade you probably already have skin cancer, you drink every weekend, & you look like you're 20 #GreatAccomplishments!
schooled JR
Only support he needs is prodding to come clean about what really happened. The guy is a coward & murderer
Guess what? There is such a thing as preventive medicine. Don't wait until that pain is disabling, make appt. now: www.drbradfarra.com
thanks for the follow. Looking forward for your tweets
Back in Connecticut.
#What2ChainsWouldSay Tity 2 necklaces , 2 tone fur coat lookin like byson, 2 fruity stones in my ear makes ya girl wanna bite it. Mike TYSON
No, does not want to be in your mafia family. We have our own...
Will BEM be giving a seminar on Google+? Thanks!
Don't let these Twitter players mess up your flow!
watching the rock on WWE.
You want what you can't have
Why was 6 afraid of 7. Because 7 8 9!!! Damn, y'all! R-T if you get it ;-)
#ohio does it again! Off to #ncaa #sweet16 after beating south fla
Sporting a dozen jealousy-boners over this twet
Would settle for the Dad though. That is a somewhat humorous role. I think.
HOW ABOUT ME DADA?
#first40songsonshuffle 19. Ass Like That - Eminem
Singing the national anthem for a grade school bball tourney today. Yeah i'm big time. Haha. :)
a fast driver.
Karaoke tonight at loaded slate and at vintage!
Pumpkin soup, cream biscuits, brussels sprouts, sweet potatoes, green beans, mac and cheese, cranberry sauce. A very veggie thanksgiving!
Just bacon love my friends, bacon love.
Working on my line or Organic Soaps - simple ingredients - why? I got tired of store soap...ingredients I can't pronounce? Nope no more.
if someone refers to monona terrace as 'the terrace', they're doing it wrong.
especially when it's something I make :)
awww man. we're in different time zones RT : Well hello there vacation o'clock. I've been waiting for you...
i was just holding my bunny and i thought of "i like girls who eat carrots" -
...And we're still here, but we are still working on switching our site to a more user-friendly model. Happy Spring, almost, and stay tuned.
I have high expectations for the next hour and a half of my life: Will Ferrell is the guest host on SNL.
I could use some wine coolers right about now.
It's funny how we as people always think we know what's good for someone else.
saw your bio & thought "I only know of one Cushman that would follow Rog & is into dirty art." It's a small venn overlap.
i wanna learn a thing or two lol maybe wat u think
LICKER album listening party date announced later tonight! ...Hopefully
Besides, its easier to smile than frown.
Oh pedicure, how I needed you!
RT2WIN CONTEST! RT the next tweet for your chance to win 2 tickets to see & at on 4/21!!
#Nw The temptations.... CLASSIC
Good plan!
#RIP #JuniorSeau... #Football says thank you.
Straight pull emmmmm
followed!(: hope your day gets better
En la escena wants to know, what country has the hottest beach bodies?, send in your favorite locations
class it is
Been looking for my navy tank-top for the past half an hour amidst my dorm room packing chaos... I'm wearing my navy tank top-_-
cheer up buttercup! :)
I won't let you close enough to hurt me<<<
Just trying to grow my small company in the worst economy in 75 years. You?
Right back atchya!
Also, #FF because I'm happy to finally "meet" someone who loves pizza as much as I love pizza!
Free Food,, watch www.downow.info watch "Welcome" enroll www.dowsite.info my contact #'s on site, 125 leads per week !
I hate when my mom makes thing more complicated than they are -__-
enjoy your week of fun in the sun
Taking a study break....
Early 90's club music. oh, I wish I was a teen at that time.....
Looks like MSN & hotmail are currently blocking ALL emails from those with AT&T or Bellsouth accounts. Thanks a lot, spammers!
my friend doesn't think british accents are hot......... such an indirect to zayn maliiiikkkkkkk. but she's crazy.
In-store demo today from 11-2 at the Wylie Wagg Arlington location! Come see us and be sure to bring your pooch for lots of sampling!
RT : Big Redneck Vacation returns Wednesday June 6, right after the CMT Music Awards. They are going to England!!
yes sir, just did...
Mighty Tanaka X Verge Art Fair: Artwork will include pieces by Ellis Gallagher, JMR, Skewville, Veng RWK and others. www.mightytanaka.com
Congrats to Andrew F Griffin for lighting design for King Lear at Synetic Theatre.
Looking for an outdoor wireless webcam w/ night vision. Prefer < $100. Any recommendations and experiences?
Fail UFC needs to put a title Match in its place this is what is wrong with UFC
they give me. Why should my faith be in the creation when the creator, that being in purity, is the one who is there for me.
yeah trying... I need to do somethin soon
it's for a contest..?
im watching an episode of international. fuuuuuck these dorks.
pretty delicious :) as was the jaRRRRRitos
Glory Foods CEO blogs about racial stereotypes but dropped the ball when it came to the #taketheglory commercials.
I'm going through thoroughly modern millie withdrawls...
That's bcs TMD is considering signing contract very soon for min. 1 yr for SEO services, even tho TMD could be disestablished in July.
RIP Dan Sicko . Your words have inspired many and will continue to inspire many more. Your family is in our thoughts.
I fight for individual liberty, #smallgovernment, and freedom for our citizens. Let’s restore the #American Dream.
Slaughtered Toy Story characters?
during the believe tour you should have justin go to small towns and give free tickets (; ill DM you my address, just
Hey birthday girl. I hope it's a great one.
aah, FFT=Twin! But that's not $5. Only One is $5.
Thanks Sarah & Ariel!!
muahahahaha oh yes ;)
Scott I apologize, I think I need an assistant LOL
I have a thousand followers! Yeah Thx fans
thanks man, it means so much getting feedback from fans! Rock on dude!
Yea!!! Colts on the clock who will be Luck-y and get first pick?
hahah! This must be some sorta Freaky Friday fashion swap.
thank u 4 being the heart & soul. Going 2 miss u next year but you'll always be remembered. Remember me when u get 2 the NFL lol.
Joey V. Timmy G. 11 hour drive myrtle beach to ocean city
yea you do! To the ones you follow, tweet, DM, rt, or fav. I don't know what that feels like. Show me?
Multitasking between teaching #Chemistry with an #art emphasis & preparing for my last lecture for
not so busy right now. Trying to find a job, have like 6 photo shoots next week then fall classes start.
RIP Steve Jobs a TRUE pioneer, innovator, and all around GENIUS..You have changed the world in a way FEW can/will...#THANKYOUSTEVE!!
everyone go FOLLOW NOW she has so funny tweets AND she FOLLOWS back 1
nice to see tamba is still getting held every play and they still aren't call anything
What's good everybody!!!
It's 3pm! That means the Exhibit Hall is open, with Clothing Swap and Acoustic Cafe in L4 (In the back)!
It takes a system to address climate change.
not sure about that- plenty of users (not a yr old yet) & ppl I know on it see much more engagement there than FB...give it time
Awesome! Recording?
I fully expect you, in true Mac style, to become a wheeler and dealer on the floor
man funny thing is you love the shit out of me
Austin's mom's name is Michele Lee Mahone (: RT if you love Mama Mahone<33 ohh, follow her.. (:
#slcwebinar In networks, sharing is building trust.
Hope you like it! If not, hope it makes someone some decent martinis! ;)
Idk I'm just thinking it will effect on ours too.
Next Gen of #Cloud panel moderator
Any tweeps play Minecraft? How do I play Multiplayer?
haha I'm waiting...
Be sure to "Power-Up" while at SXSWi at the lounge, AT&T Center, Room 301.
#alistbabynet is doing our #holidaygiftguide for babies and parents. Have any good #gift ideas for us? Getting excited for #present time!
thanks for the wrangler shot out
I saw the paperback edition at B&N last week with It's pretty awesome!
thx Tim! Kinda excited to get all rugged and dirty lol
My mother thinks we're on episode of montel, and I'm just waiting for someone with a van and a straight jacket to come on the show
Get down to the Ground Noob!!! Good D Pats!!!
Awesome! Make some noise! RT : I was waiting 4 a mobile hackaton in Chicago... I'm in!
They're reaaalllyyy in here debating starbux cup sizes? Word!?
did you do good.?? Ima dm you my raw score form the mc 😢
Yay!! Bring me back a souvenier! :P
RT : AND Saturday is 10th Anniversary Party!!! Congrats. Catering from 630 PM
Pack up and go home and go back to bed! Very productive day!
nothing just tweeting about how much i lovve you lmfao , and u ? :)
I've been trying to go to sleep since 11:30.. WHY CANT I FALL ASLEEP :(
I don't wanna be on a plane with somebody who apparently owns sweatsuits but no deodorant.
the #unemployment rate in #RI is staggering, at a rate of 11.1% almost 3 points higher the the #U.S. #national average
They found my brown feather earring that I had lost at work last night and put it up for me :)
who is that? you?
I'm sorry :c
I was just being silly today. lol
Lopez Lamong FTW twice in one race
SADFACE that season finales are tomorrow night. All my favorite things will be gone!
can't believe its already May. 😱 one more month until summer! 😍☀❤
24 hours in a day, 24 beers in a case. Coincidence? -Stephen Wright
Did u do dat song today?
Reading As I Lay Dying by William Faulkner on a subway caused some man to sit down next to me and give me a whole speech on the book
big daddy just sayin sup
Loeb's presentation for re-inventing Overton Square as THE arts & theatre district-tonight Public meeting for Memphis.
Can you please follow my other account --->
Who is ready to present on May 7? I know I am!
1br in Lower Haight SF, $1000/mo +utilities at friends 4br apartment. LMK if you or friend is interested.
True! But it's still a scam. I'd round after office hours.
very good article today. Looking forward to
Dumb questions but it's on the 16th, right?
My Wii's fan isn't working anymore. What do I do?
Pretty excited to quit one of my two jobs today! haha
Bad mood :/
Come on super impact people check it out and follow us
Mom has an ipad! She's more techy then me!
I got mine! It's waiting for me at my house!:)
not feeling it
i DO like birds...
Trying to forget someone you love is like trying to remember someone you never knew.
NOW: Media Briefing on U.S. long-term partnership with #Iraq. WATCH at www.pentagonchannel.mil
it's defiantly different looking, but no multiplayer yet. Hard to tell what its gonna be like.
25% off for those who want to order some of our gear today. RT and we'll DM you the code. Good till tomorrow.
thanks for sendin that kev i was already asleep last night. Very good article too.
Nicely stated.
Anderson Cooper please marry me. ♥
No more than 100 in Lafayette Square around 2:00PM. re: #OccupyNOLA. Rough, unofficial crowd estimate of about 400 folks
hahaha alright, I take that back then. --- Go to as many Cubs/Cards game...please?!! :)
Greetings, Silvie's Lounge is welcoming you and your bands to schedule your upcoming events. We look forward to hearing from you. Thanks
Tip 1: If you are met in person, just make sure that you will be meeting in a public place.
Damn it Marty, yer killin' me!!!
We waste time looking for the perfect lover, instead of creating the perfect love
USALLY I LOVE EVEYONES FUNNY QUOTES AND JOKES CAUSE THERE FUNNY
Yung Bambino "The Intro 2: Start From The Top" Coming SOON!!!
I don't know why, but I can't keep my eyes off of YOU! (;
Where do you go "when you know you deserve less that what you've already left behind?" - Thomas Cooper, 'Another Long Haul', OA
Then, be sure to see the Babelgum video on New Urbanism/Mobile Office: www.babelgum.com/4007138/new-urbanism-13-mobile-office.html
Today was a good day! Now to eat some dinner, wind down, and get some rest before it all happens on repeat
"Your account may not be allowed to perform this action. Please refresh the page and try again." -- a sublimely, perfectly vague error.
You get too school yet?
I'm like the grinch for Thanksgiving, but I'm still going to enjoy family and friends.
Wish I was as beautiful as all the girls on twitter:/
no prob! I'll be looking for them at
Thanks RT : #inspirational Just watched #theinterrupters in the UK!
I am fine thanks
Between tony crashing, the storm, and my illness, you'd think I would have not come to norberts for the Olympics but I'm
that's more like it.
kan penguins fly????
Oh please, I love the idea of sharing with 7,665 other domains! does that come with a free invite to VPN?
Hanging With Devoughn Tomorrow .
what a catch, Repko!
mine would be Eddie, Ricky, Bo, Dickerson, Peterson in no order.
no, we had to do some filming today but I don't feel good. I have womanly problems.
enjoy it, it doesn't happen all too often haha
It's hard to believe this will be my 13th signing day with you and the guys from WC tomorrow. Thanks so much and GO NOLES!!
Some people are like Santa Claus.....you really really want to believe in them, but eventually you feel like an ass for doing so
An hour left of work =)
this is the longest I been on Facebook in a long time!
Are you headed downtown for mothers day?
Hanging with the Palm Beach #drupal slingers at the meetup tonight.
WOW!": “: "Missouri had 2nd pro day & receiver Jerrell Jackson stole the show, posting an official 40 time 4.37 sec”
No, thank you! You provided needed insights.
Reliable source that a flight plan has been filed Centennial Airport to Raleigh-Durham Int'l. Broncos plane to NC. #Manning Latest
haha no doubt bud
Thanks to the whole community that made it a huge success!
Ozzie Guillen had a great playing career, respect that..but he quit w 2 games to go? He made the playoffs 2 out of 7 years, haha. No class.
Off to work!! 63 days till Spencer arrives!! :)
TONIGHT! VIBE W/ DJ BIG MIKE @ 16TH ANNIVERSARY FOR LAST BAND ON EARTH! FREE COVER AGES 21+ 2432 W Colorado
Don't be afraid of loneliness because everything is a door; even loneliness is a door; it opens to somewhere
Very important question....to get the shirt or the shirt? Decisions. Decisions.
sounds like the hs I went to, Sacred Heart in Kingston, MA. If you're out as gay, or pregnant, they kicked you out.
Unemployed 20-somethings are the target? Fascinating economic model.
Alexander Hamilton.
Tweet tweet tweet.
Rock a bye eagle, in the tree top. When the wind blows, the recall will drop.
The #Gators end the first period leading the #Buckeyes 2-1 in the #ALC semifinal game.
Looking to hire someone to do some administrative tasks and footwork. Mailing samplers, hanging posters etc.
Down with fever :(
You know what a Canadian is, don't you? A Canadian is an unarmed American with a health plan.
": Thanks people for the support," Ill be coming out Thurs. Good to see so much support on the road.
Just bkuz you rob, hit licks, got shot I can still tel YOU ain't bou tht life.
you're my main man!!!
black. It was a no brainer really.
after #Raw went off the air lastnite all the wwe Superstars song #HappyBirthday to
Suree i can for alittle but than i have hw
Holy s*. Let us know what we can do... RT : My wife has been diagnosed with leukemia.
Well I hope time starts to speed up for me like it is for them!:)
Smile. Laugh. Be Silly. Practice being happy. Have a great weekend.
Damn bitch, you need to replace your Chapstick with a glue stick and shut the fuck up. Why be FAKE?
been a bit out of the loop lately, trying to get some hard work started. balance is an ongoing struggle.
I was partial to Jason Aldean, but agreed, all good
The best educational academy is a motherhood, happy mothers day!!!!!
Headed to for Spring Break? Party the night away Contact me for #VIP tables and information about upcoming events
Happy 1'St Day of May and Happy National Chocolate Parfait Day!
yep be easy chaunny. U need me I got u but I guess I gitta do wut good for me also
Thanks. We are
Wishing I was in DC for the
Is there any neutral watching the Championship play-off Final who won't want more Ian Holloway?
free my niggas & rip to those who've already fallen.
lmao I find that funny. Because my friends call me Barbie and my boyfriend Ken ! Funny(:
Breaker 1-9 we're having a beach party. Snow castle competition at 4pm. Over.
congrats!!! Hello to my friend Dawn who does women's
YO! We so under underground we're going to FOLLOW a million people. WHAT!
yeah, they are
Yes, enjoy life! We've been given it again. Stay well, Christopher.
Failures do what is tension relieving, while winners do what is goal achieving. ~ Dennis Waitley
are you moving on from AFTA? Where are you headed??
OH: there's something about singing birds that gets me every time.
Tune in to @ 8:45 will be on!! He'll be talking about what ROCK THIS RESTAURANT is really all about!!
not. That's you bro haha
Just played with PicLits
QR (Quick Response) Codes, rorschach-like boxes are everywhere. Let's challenge the design world to come up with QR 2.0 that looks great.
Thanks for the follow!
Watching 20/20 with Viggle Fri | 10PM | ABC Get real rewards just for watching TV.
What's up Koreatown!
Thanks to for figuring out a way around Slideshare's limits on upload size.
Yes! Please do...but if you do come up here don't make fun of the mess at my desk, please :P
whoo in a good way right? I'll have to check her out!
What does your local library do that's frustrating?
Hi folks--just an invite to follow the Twitter feed of my new outfit-- Thanks!
Is today Wednesday? If it is I'm in trouble.
Yes indeed non-profit is a tax status it is not a business model
I need one for myself too. Long day of rehersal. RT : Just got an hour long foot rub! O ya life is good!!
nice rhyme unc
lol wait till she see's the surprise I've got waiting for her WUAHAHAHAHA :D
A day after out own hearts.... A day to join the Mexicans and rejoice in a beer! Many beers! :) see you at the Road!
Finally rain in Austin! It's not enough to stop the Texas wildfires, but I hope it brings some relief to your trees and lawn.
I love when people talk shit and you prove them wrong :)
me I DDOOOOOOOO!!
You ten and only then you will know the lonely is and never were the lonely in the first place.
as you should be.
Thanks to for getting us up and running on Social Media.
GUYS IM A HUFFLEPUFF
ugh yes. "to dream the impossible dream"
Getting mad, because your celebrity crush is cheating on you LOL
it's AMAZING love you! C:
TURN OFF THE LOVE---- WHO'S GONNA SAVE THE WORLD TONIGHT :/ #
Welcome here: early registration ends 21 may : yes, the local factor definitely tempted me more this year :-)"
glad someone else enjoys my somewhat lacking sense of humor :D
Hilarious. Keep moving!
Even had a big smiled 'Goodnight Lee nice meeting you as she turned to leave' while I sat there frozen
OK Mark – Obviously selling today is MUCH different than it was a few years ago. Why? Have customers changed?
I voted for you <3 no hesitation!! YAY your winning and by the way im listening to 11:11 repetitave and my parents go they *1*
Inspire. Encourage. Lead.
I missed the announcement. What’s the new gig?
Can't wait for these cowgirls to lose.
haha me to!
Commuting more than an hour today...how do people do it? So happy I live in the city
If your in a relationship on 4/1/12 lmbo your relationship is uh joke !
thank you for following me.I do and will follow back, have a good day today and a better tomorrow.
RT : had class tonight. Sorry I missed it! :( //It would be very good to see you stranger!
they are gonna luv him at SC if he wins but those fans don't wait long
lmao u got 5 slow ass seconds to get up out of dat dark whole
it was liquor tho
please follow me
howdy pattern :D
awl, and you're funny too!!
Wishing wasn't Always at her boyfriends all weekend
I didn't ask for an apology and you gave me and explanation anyways
Sunday #DedicateMLK in DC #CNN highlighting symbolism of event with special coverage BUILDING THE DREAM
Saturday breakfast special - strawberry and mango crepes!
I wish u follow me back so I can put my order on I need a sexy dress ASAP
it was I am really excited about this and want to share but so few want to try
We keep coming back to each other when are we gonna realize its not gonna work out not now not ever again </3
Fox's Pizza in Tipp City, OH May 7th! Starts at 5! BE THERE OR BE SQUARE.
That would be awesome.
creates them
What's good
fUCK dEM fOLKS
My considered opinion is to disapprove of those sporting a Packers tshirt @ Brewers games, but in practice it's somewhat lovable & difficult
Just always trying to elevate beyond flaws and faults, always be humble of course... Thats my mantra.
Happy National Pancake day! Get your free pancakes from
Tomorrow is Rubie Tuesday! That means two piercings for the price of one! All day with our piercer Ruben!
God made me stronger today the devil tried make me forget my oath to The Great God but he failed my love is stronger the Devils power
Congrats! RT With Labor Day just around there is lots of buzz, in just 4 short months we are over HALF sold at The Enclave!
At a cute coffee shop having a green tea chai bout to head to the McNay museum!
They were talking about Demi's tweet on the news n_n
When my creative writing teacher hugs me because I finally speak out and open new doors for myself >>>
We hate that you're missing it also, but we'll have the transcript up tomorrow!!
This was last July
Frank Ocean l whip appeal
You're welcome, Melody! I honestly thought I was already following you here... so I apologize for taking so long!
Hi Laura & team - how much would a dozen of your leap day frog cupcakes be? Any ready-made or can I pick the flavor(s)?
looks forwarding to delivering a talk at the Morgan State University History Day on April 18.
Happy Mommy's Day to all you moms : )
Thank you as always for your support and the #FF mention! Take good care!
Its sad that when in Marion I have to force myself into exhaustion to get some shut eye
My sense of time seems to be slightly skewed from the rest of the world.
What an awesome game its been for Cliff. Now the drizzle starts to fall again at CBP. #PHILLIES lead 3-1 headed to the 9th.
it's hard for me to imagine a uniform rule that wouldn't shred the financial stability of public community colleges 1/2
Amen to that, ! You're one of those women. Keep doing what you do.
Clint Eastwood just saved the half time festivities.
Easter at my house used to mean, two weeks of stinking rotten eggs because they were too pretty to eat!
loves the warm sunny weather outside! and my new 3 dollar pair of pants
Harden teeth fucked up!
yeah buddy!
Eff the giants
no why?
at Sao Paulo cafe in Rio LV. Call of Keno girl echoing off columns. Conferencees migrating past, to keynote. Breakfast b4
is so addicting and my favorite show! I can watch that show al dayy long(: Zak, Aaron && Nick are just awesome(:
got your texts, but am too lazy to get my phone from the other room to respond. Sad, I know.
You are like school on Saturday; no class.
Lmao watching cheaters & Joey just said "slow down Dave chapelle" 2 this dude 😂😂
Hope the appt goes well. I had my f/u appt today too. Better now that staples are out?
Finished for the day, at one with nature. Ready for a good night.
hahha! Well I hope it becomes FINAL! Or LA.. Would be nice! Lol
Merry Christmas to all! Please travel safely over the holidays. May God bless you all.
A round-up of all the goings on at Jogscotland Stonehaven - Mearns Leader
Our own Dr. Mike Nelson will be speaking on KPBS midday on the newest autism research from a pediatrician's perspective. Tune in!
IM #UNPRANKABLE TODAY #APRILFOOLS watch it ima come after ya!!
for a "fair budget" im not horribly expensive... infact im looking for steady work right now & they are setting the rate not me
If you go I oak hill or went to oak hill you got ice in your veins
They say money talks so tell these otha niggas speak up
Oh , I love you.
There are no hopeless situations. ~Clare Boothe Luce
Hard to focus on anything but the game Thursday night.
any advice ?
Agreed. Spain in worse shape. But EPL not the "any given Sunday" league people make it out to be. RT : and spain?
chick-fil-a date with !
thanks dudes! We'll bust all over this place.
Eventually you'll always see who cares and who doesn't.
No one expects the Orlovsky...
What season are you on? good shit innit?
Again theology questioned Cain, "Where is your brother Abel?" At which he asserted, "I know not. Am I my brother's keeper?"
me and my sisters have stuck in your head.....stuck in our heads!!!!! and our singing it over and over again!!!!
Blown away at how many rows Rock Solid Youth takes up on Sunday morning. Such incredible young men and women earnestly seeking God.
Your everywhere I look and idk what to do about that >.<
Blah :P fun day.No,AMAZING day(: well was.Haha (:
I hate it when people don't use smiley faces when they're texting you. It makes me think they're emotionless robots. :)
And onward to the SEL. The night has just begun
Chilln'...Trying to get it going this morning. Plans for the weekend?
Congratluations to for making the #40Under40 Crain's New York Business list!!
Watching all these criminal minds and csi kind of stuff makes me think that I could kill someone and not get caught like these people do
yea, man-woman
There you go!
A personal favorite of mine, too (she said while batting her eyes)! And I just love
We will make them comfy !
Indeed. He's such a transcendently awful filmmaker. "Taiwanese Wong Jing" he ain't. Wong's actually made good films.
Uh, let's get back to what's really important #packers and
Real creative lyrics Taylor. So inspiring.
I guess
U sick sick basrard 😱 lol RT : I see a lot of mature older women in here that don't have rings on their fingers. 😏
I don't have to ask anyone. I am a victim of it. Wtf
Good Job Jags. One of the steals in the draft!
You'll either find a way or an excuse. Either way, the choice is yours.
Contact Portland School Board now an oppose PE cuts!
Im glad we followed through. Also, your mom looks hella young, I really thought she was a friend.
I will come back in like July! I'm gonna miss you though! 😞
funny army music video "Steel Ding Dong": via
whoop whoop!! Free snowcone~ Thanks for being a regular :) see you tomorrow & Friday :P
Officially a soph in college!!! This is what i call
What Do a Man have to do to Get Some Attention Around Here (n my Sheriff voice frm Chain Saw Mascre)
I hate kids who can't put together the shrine of the silver monkey.
Some assets that are pledged for lines of credit can be trademarks, equipment, real estate, inventory and even office furniture.
no wrong just picked perry
Buying a foreclosure or short sale home ? It's probably going to need a lot of work. Call Mr.D's we have the experiance you're looking for.
well I'm going to Paris Monday then get back home the 19th but leave to brazil (the motherland) on the 20th until the 6th
Everyone deserves the best in men's clothing.
In fact, this is so true that it deserves its own hashtag:
RT Can't wait to hear it: : Just did an AWESOME interview with for the upcoming Escaping the 9 to 5 podcast!
I just want the boyz' to come to hawaii. I don't care if I don't meet them, I just wanna go to a concert or a show or anything.
Seriously how can a major leaguer forget how many outs there are?! In a tight one, Ramirez's mistake could cost the Brewers the game.
hahaha and really? Omg thank you!!! AH sorry a bit excited here haha
I'm hanging out with the KCrew from 12:00 - 12:30 today signing autographs just inside Gate A, come one, come all and get an autograph!
Tell me what song you hate/don't like because it reminds you of your "EX"?
It's fun to view the eye candy that was. Even if they're dead now.
People who don't brush they teeth and wash they face before they tweet<<<<<<<<<<<<
I hope the Clippers don't disappoint L.A. like this tomorrow!
Lebron missed both, ouch
no doubt!
no blame, no shame, there is always tomorrow! :)
4 meetings, 5 lines of code -- but only because I forgot to show up for my last meeting.
follow Friday - recommendations of ppl to follow
All of my followers should watch music video on my site www.teamkproductions.com
was stunned by Austin's blaming Kaylie n am filling out app for "Mr Kaylie Cruz " right now
Almost just choked on some spinach. It would have been an appropriate way to go, surrounded by ungraded papers in the ILA lounge.
Day off and some how can't pull myself away from #dogs101. Adorable!!
well at least just start something first. don't worry about finishing till later
i'm pretty sure i'm not legally allowed to even joke about that.
I'm a first timer too...this place is huge!
what's up in your life?
Duly noted: - Before submitting your story about Batman or Superman, make sure it's not an imaginary story.
What if we got #MahoneOnEllen, #DylanHollandOnEllen, and #PsandersOnEllen trending all at the same time!!!??? amazing thought<3
Whenever I try cleaning my room I either end up making a bigger mess, or just playing with the stuff I thought I lost.
You can give your number to or go to www.rocksteadydance.org to learn more
haha nah, just went to the Stewart rally in DC.
#GreatestAlbumsofAllTime American Idiot, by Green Day
Rain/snow in Hampden!
Sitting waiting for the dr getting frustrated
In the spirit of made-up holidays ... looking forward to 2/16: "Intranational Say 'Blow Me, Pilgrim' to Someone You Kind of Dislike Day"
Lighting thunder rain im scared! D: make me unscared :p
Today was successful, but scary.
thank you so much!! (:
Lol! Thanks Michael. Hope you like the assessment plan I'm drafting. Maybe I could give it to ALT on the 28th.
Good Morning Arizona Sun, Are you going to be HOT AGAIN today?, even if i'm nice today? Oh well, gave it a shot
who you talking bout?
you might lose your virginity tho it's a big night, I'm going over and taking pictures of you guys :')
then their retarded for blowing u off ur beautiful
we got #Natitude bring on the
Junior Seau is gone! God Bless his family!
Exactly, Coach! Boys haven't been the same since you left.
Interesting new term. How about "coffeecide" for someone who suddenly stops caffeinating? :-|
X-Men tomorrow. Can't wait!!
Peach clobber with fresh Georgia peaches 😱😱😍
Can you be my 100th follower? (:
Tonight , Norman Doray takes over!
Finally went blonder.
Besides the big wedding, it is Arbor Day. Please plant a tree for the future.
My cousin is growling ((x She sounds so funny!
Lyin ass bitch
Met Brad Adam once. Told him he was awesome & did a great job on the Pre & Post Game show. That's pretty much it, really. End of story.
The AP has not reported on Davy Jones' death yet. I am holding out hope the reports are untrue.
I'd rather Slip and Fall in Shit then Fall in Love with You.
oops sorry - I'm in NY! Lol its almost 2pm
I need some to text.
Happytown, another one in recent seasons
all over u?
Troy should definitely solidify his future and enroll in air conditioner repair school. I watch too much
you think haha? Itll be ok...time will heal, gotta give it 5 minutes. they will be back
I think that is where he slates as well. Very good 2. I'm *hopeful* that Cosart can be a 1 still though!
think they will trade jamal charles straight up for knowshon? :)
Hopefully that will happen one day
PP's race for the cure = kill them before they become women. And Komen supports that!!!
That was just solid and clever humor! Gio and I are a team
it's a good weekend @ San Diego's Petco Park. Saturday it's then Sunday it's Oh yeah, the Padres will be there too!
At #nodesummit reminds us that implementing the http spec in our apps means major refactoring when we want to switch to SPDY.
and screaming for a rematch
sweet dreams
lol online is better but the app is pretty decent
Photodune is awesome! I miss the $1 stock photo days; glad they're bringing it back.
I am putting together a panel of LMP listeners to help us improve our content. To participate please email me:
well my aunt buys so many!!
it goes live on Sunday. We are still working on it... thanks for the heads up though
That's really cute.
Cmon #Heat play with some guts
Is stressed beyond repair.
Not terribly impressed with Twitter location app. Lists me as being in two different places at the same time. BILOCATION PERFECTED!
doing well!! JB had mentioned he was out there! be good! hope to see you soon
Cincinnati Bearcats Football is ranked 24 in the AP Top 25 and 23 in the USA Today Poll. Woohoo!!!
Nancy got a new job, a new lawyer and a new client base in this week's episode of 'Weeds.'
I'm giving up coffee for Lent. This is going to be a very long 40 days.
Better on Can't leave out zombie blood. I'll be sad when Unicorn George kills Zombie Ryne Sandberg
Totally agree. Along with Beck's 'Sea Change' and Ryan Adams' 'Heartbreaker.'
THIS IS NOT OKAY! THAT IS NOT A REAL THING! #copyright RT I'm at Cheese Stoop #on the reg
WOW that caller is off the chains....yall should have hung up on her ass...!
And I wonder, Do I ever cross your mind?
Kyrie Irving a well deserved R.O.Y.
Go Pack and Brew Crew!
I got into comedy because I don't like being told what to do. You wag your finger in my face & you risk drawing back a nub.
WE ARE BACK TO BROADCASTING!
I walk alone in the corridor , and listen the music that can make me calm
Sweet! Jealous of your travels!
Taylor i swear on my life . why would i lie about that ????
..but what they decide to edit or not edit is completely up to them (vh1).
Creamy tomato ad garlic soup!
And roasted hot dogs!
Welcome to the Third Ward! We'll stop by and say hi soon, we want to check out the new shop and those killer
Wow talk about a panty raid!
Learning to build cold frame at garden club+my seedlings have made it past awkward toddler stage. Going to be good gardening year, I hope!
Good morning! My manager is wearing jeans today. I didn't think she OWNED jeans!
#milwaukee 8"-9" of snow fall for tomorrow and into Friday! Looks like the main snow fall will start around noon tomorrow! #wegotyoucovered!
partying like a rock star!
yes, please cite me! :) I feel you on the airfare. Ouch and ouch!! Just booked mine. Gawd.
Don't be fooled by short term solutions... your SMILE is for life!
every minute further i get from the moment last night when someone dropped a suitcase on my head is a little victory.
Awkward moment when you have more followers on twitter than you have friends on Facebook....
Ashley benson will notice me one day!
I'm a tad tipsy!!!! :D lolol tummys hurting
talking about social media patterns #infoneeds highlights his breath and knowledge
from : Just downloaded the Kristen Stewart emoticon pack. Sad :| Happy :| Scared :| Surprised :| Giving birth ;|
!!DENVER!! This Sunday Feb 26th, Gothic Theater... BE THERE!!!
plead not guilty yall got to feel me
- Oh dear… Caffeine (Champagne) High…
I don't even care anymore I'm going to the gym! I'm tired of feeling like shit
WV WHO? | Fans upset announcer confused W.Va. and Va. If only they'd find such conviction over real state issues.
yeah, so much for #Aquafina. All the bottles are all wobbly and falling over in my fridge. bummer
Thank you for the info #TechSmith! We hope to see your team at #UPA2012 this June. Let us know if you need a booth!
Focus on being productive, not busy.
If opportunity doesn't knock, build a door. Milton Berle
"Laugh at yourself once in awhile; give yourself a break." --Greg Evans (American cartoonist)
I feel like such an amateur for not using link shorteners on a regular basis. But I am pretty lazy.
#thatjam RT : The mothership can't save you so your ass is gon get left..
are the green Foamposites really that dope?
just spent my last bucks purchasing this book to study the business of the music industry to further my knowledge, im excited
Hey, I really enjoy your posts and the Mens Fitness article you posted yesterday. Thank you!
BTW, every time I say "Let's do this" I think of Ed.
": "Morn'ting sistergirl" RT : Good morning to all tweeters"what's new in divine apparel
we're a bit behind, but thanks for the retweet last week
so if I DO come on saturday, does that mean I can get a hug from you or...?
watching my li'l one dance around like a silly little monkey
Don't hate the player, hate the game
really? "Grow" as a transitive verb, in a headline? And in the art section, no less?
You have a great weekend, too. I hear you've got a hot date tonight. Be careful, she's a wild woman on the dance floor. :)
Screening Horrible Bosses tonight. Reliving my Jason Bateman moments in Silver Spoons. Looking forward to writing the review
Be friends! Remember that until you are married the person you are dating could be someone else's future mate.
Nice picture.
Be waiting 14 years for these 40 minutes of this game GO BIG BLUE WE LOVE U THIS IS FOR YOU MR. WILDCAT BILL KEIGHTLY
U know ur sex life is slow when ur best action comes from your iPhone's vibrate setting.
my cousin says this is all she&her friends talk about. there r comm coalitions in 12 pub schls now 2 improv them
#interfaceUF thoroughly agree about Twitter bridge
interested in selling one of them?
Baltimore Airport Hotel Connects Guests With Faster Internet
My coke exploded. Time to clean the couch..........and the dog. :\
food coma after the most amazing homemade chili cheese fries! now i just need a big bowl of ice cream.
We just made it to memphis stop for dinner and 30 misitos got into the car and my son was trying to kill one and smack the shit out of me LO
first 100 people who add or follow will win V_day tickets to playboy mansion only 35 spots left follow asap
I'm not a control freak nor am I a bitch... But nice try
is staying till the end of the school year yaaayyyyyyyyyy:):):)
we also need to avoid fear mongering. Calling psychiatric medication "drugging" is propaganda.
Looks like free backpack day to me….
i don't remember why i asked. but cool 😚
there's probably nothing to do and a scarcity of available women in those places.
dm me your number, ill text you.
I really don't give a shit what you're saying right now. I hate you
your responce has nothing to do with what I just said but ok man
We will create a custom twitter background just like the ones our Pro Athletes use for one lucky follower tonight. Follow & RT 2 be eligible
off to find more coffee
ha ha! I have to work it out first!!!
I'm working on websites and developing a presence on the internet for the topics of children, education and retirees making money on the web
You Are Pretty and Yeah I Am
Is it necessary for me to drink my own urine? No, but I do it anyway because it's sterile and I like the taste.
your pics are killing me. I miss Boston!
well im
Aw no bueno... What kind of car is it?
about time!!! Do you still want me to text you when I finish my notes?
"You must trust and believe in people or life becomes impossible." Anton Chekhov
Christmas shopping is done! Now it's time to enjoy the holiday ;)
Hola, beautiful! I think it will be! You make sure you have a blast, whatever you get into ;)
AB481 not discussed last night because of the late hour. Assembly returns next week.. will u help stop this bill by calling your State Rep?
Wewant to extend our network of individuals who would want to cooperate in building independent music! Is that you?
space tonight !!!!!
R, elected in 2010. I met him a few times
Alright guys we hit 700 yesterday let's keep adding followers today!!
Just munched a 'Pink heart' road goodie worth 2 points!
just witnessed an Asian women aimlessly wheeling around a grocery store cart in the bank parking lot for 5 minutes..No grocery store around
a Jerry Lee Lewis Moment.
White Castle for life? That'd be dope.
:( your so mean cutter :(
Hotlines: #ACFE reports tips expose #fraud 3x as often as do management reviews, Get with the times & use text messaging. Office Depot does!
HGD lol and OMM bro RT : Wen its ur birthday everybody be nice as hell like u dont be on they TL any other day
Damn my mom is loud.
is that appropriate? After what yours have been through?
It's Friday, time to follow the Cigarette Cinemans crew
Man this joint burns a lot of gas!
searching for an HR GENERALIST in TAMPA $40k send resumes to
thank you 4 shoutout! RUT is here to help!
I'm petite, bite-sized, fun-sized, short, etc...
Ps, I was getting my tweets sent to my phone...thats, um, why it says GO. lol
Excited for this! " #Crowdsourcing session a 'go' for #nema2012; case studies by , Concord Museum, "
Had a great time in Nashville
In peaceful awareness of you dear God, I open my heart to your healing, guiding presence.
that run/workout very nearly killed me! it hurts to stand D=
Got to run out for some errands & Shopping! Lol Then find something to wear tonight!
On my to the barber shop
#west are u and j fighting who can get wat tended?
Yeah ride was one of the hottest video ever! :)
My phone never rings or even lights up! And when it does it says 1 new text from Mom or #embarrassing #lonerville 
I love Date Night (:
Speaking of #dcflacks, we are just ONE member away from 800 flacks! Wow!
Chicago style pizza SOON
I will probably be there this weekend
RT You teach someone how to treat you by the things you put up with. << so true
Good day, and thank you for the Follow. May I ask who manages your online marketing services?
That's great, thanks for staying with us! Come see us again soon! :)
watching judicial indiscretion about to get ready for work
Today is the only day we can actually change the direction of our life. We cannot change Yesterday nor Tomorrow so let's use our day wisely.
New topic - Another E-3 challenge winner
My world ends when i forget mine:s : Cool forgot my Chapstick -.-
:( We're losing control of the Battlefield to cheaters! :-/ So dang frustrating when 1 guy ruins a game for 63 others.
#SomeWhereOutThere is a dude that just tried marijuana for the first time and almost died. Crazy thing is......he wants to try it again tho
Easter, kind of the weirdest mainstream Holiday? You know: bunny rabbits, chocolate eggs . . . the son of a deity being killed and reborn...
having a blast!
CMON PATRIOTS...SIGN UP WHILE IT'S FREE ...WE SUPPORT THE CAUSE www.plegde4patriots.com
Band of Horses is rocking Madison Square Garden tonight!
Overslept today but made it before math was over lol
if Nashville loses this series there'll have 2 b major changes there after going all in. Hmm Suter u sure would look good in Hawks jersey
sometimes I just want to punch you in the uterus ronald!
At danger house studios with and MCSA in Cleveland!
The worst is over, you can have the best of me.
I always eat the last slice...hahahaha and its the one that taste better.
I've felt awful all day...should really be in bed, and I stayed up for that, and now feel worse.
Lol I dnt know if u know dis but there be ppl up in yo class dat be cheatin dawg! I anit gone say no names cuz I'm no snitch! Kay?!
LOL i've been catching up! Wish I hadn't missed it ;)
I also "love" some big biz owners in my area (most of which live far out in x-burbs) but erect large signs here.
Thanks for your review! Unfortunately, we don't post video reviews on our site, but we're glad you love your Brown Betty :)
oh, yes it is !
ignore the bigger pictures of society as a whole. But this is the age of social media and they will see pushback
The Landen PNC Bank should get an award for best bank ever.
OOC: I just got my Dance Crew jacket!!!!! :D
i need a pic of this
you are gonna like one of our other topics tonight!
Shawnee Mission East & Saint Thomas Aquinas are playing now at LSP for the first Lacrosse Association of Kansas City semifinal of the night!
hey did we spy you on the D ?
“: Pacers won't win a game next round” I'm tempted to put money on that lol
gotta tag Cassie anytime I quote Kanye.
ikr same here! But who shoot Blaine?
do you think they'll be back in NY during the tour? Sorry for so many q's!
32 days until i see justin again. ah ksgskdjsjsjgsiaksgnsgskgss well i hope i make it in since so many people are going to the today show.
TAUGHT TO NEVER FOLLOW, YALL MUSTVE MISSED THAT LECTURE
I think everyone is jumping the gun a bit on the Boise State staying in MWC story. The TV money is still too good to pass up in the Big East
Are you free tomorrow? Naw im pretty expensive
PS I just want to thank you for always being so kind and supportive.
"Ziggy Red Hair" =))
I texted you..
i certainly believe that. Patience is one thing I've learned... because sometimes it's all in the timing. Be blessed, brotha.
You got that right! Going to spring training?
happy to have you aboard, Vickie!
I was at the Marlins come from behind win in '08 and today's gem! Unbelievable!
Someone please buy me a caramel frappe & i'll love you forever!
You gotta work like you never been hurt, f*** like you don't need the money, and scratch like nobody's watchin. -Krystal
Sunday - Thursday $99 a night Special! Also on Weekends when available! Come stay with us!! Bring your puppies!
If not Lebron then who? Who had a better year? Statistically or otherwise?
I've got a lot of time to think about things. Maybe I should get another hobby. Besides scrimshaw. And mass murder.
he makes Kevin Gregg look good
thanks for the follow
"SSDs as boot drives for my MBP"?! No idea what that tech talk means. Sometimes I cant believe I am allowed to work here.
Ugh, feeling sick today! And exhausted. I slept only about four hours. #naptime?
What are your favorites after prelims?
yes she is amazing. I don't think she has a personal twitter though. :(
that can ride with us probably 5, but id say 10 or 15 lol.
Wanna know a secret? Somebody out there can't stop thinking about you. You are beautiful. Don't ever believe differently. ♥
I'm not sure, but I think the guy selling sunsetter retractable awnings is Joel Osteen, but less terrifying.
I miss our stupid, funny conversations
Cleaning while I listen to Al Green's "Let's Stay Together".....I love this music!
I dont even think he cares...
Enjoying the Michigan snow!
Wow! Windows 7 is so awesome!
same deal here. It's got its charm
Leaving the office after deadline for a story tomorrow, going to get into bed with a late stew supper, as is my classy wont
Tell a friend about POWER this week! Share this page with your networks and let's see if we can reach 600 "likes" by Friday!
Oh snap!
It is EASY to stop a nosebleed with Tranexamic Acid – no pain or taste – 1 or 2 sprays will stop your nosebleed! Call 412-681-6400
RT : #Zumba Marathon tonight to raise money for #Nashville #Flood victims. Beech Cumberland Presbyterian $10
There are only 2 ways to live your life. One is as though nothing is a miracle. The other is as though everything is a miracle. -A Einstein
RT : Q1 via : What special travel moment do you most want to relive?
It's a pretty cool gig, to be honest. Being around baseball all day is great
Empowering #students, #parents, #teachers to Delete #Cyberbullying. Check out www.powertolearn.com
tonights the night fam! make sure to watch #AmateurMillionairesClub premiers tonight 10:30pm on WATL-TV. let us know what u think
I'm not good at telling people how I feel... Unless they tell me first... Or unless I try really hard to just let it out..
very cool. Sign me up.
are you at the new exhibit on unbuilt Washington? Sounds amazing!
i was just talkn bou that i want sum corn!
Be anything but boring!
#bucks don't deserve the playoffs of they lose to the 2nd worst team in the NBA. thank god they didn't waste tonight's crew coverage!
Few years back a non-citizen was also summoned 4 dury duty. Staff shortages is no excuse 4 these errors.
