Finances
Ok so at first I was trying to make this cool 3-d tree. I had made a smaller one for this cool swap I was doing and it stood up perfectly.. well I thought I want a giant tree.. I did FIT TO PAGE on my Cricut. That sucker was over 9 inches!! I inked it and stickled it and made cute spiders and bats and my words were dangling from the tree.. only to watch it FALL OVER. ......... sad face.. So in an effort to save my tree I tried to take pictures of it. Here are my attempts.. using my super cool stamps..
Here's the inside of the card showing the pocket with the insert pulled out. I left my flowers colorless on the inside, but had some club members color theirs! It was pretty both ways. I love the way this DSP uses the colors I wanted, I didn't have to work around a pre-printed paper! Now, don't get me wrong, I love DSP as much as the next stamper, but sometimes I want it in exact colors, that's where this comes in!
Here are some of the releases we will have, please note there are VERY FEW of some of these releases here, we do our best to order wisely but many of these were allocated pretty close to the bone for stores.
But, the thing that keeps reeling me in, are their great discounts & offers.
In order to understand what this movement really represented or, possibly, is still representing, we consulted the well-known Swiss historian Daniel Ganser, who has published a book about the secret army.
We will be selling our famous,
- John Saunders
Example: Announcer: “That’s one thing I don’t agree with, Jim. As a fan you should never boo your team. Never.” You: “I was saying boo-urns.”
Taking solace in the home of a U.S. Peace Corps volunteer, a surprise attack by Vuto's husband leads to murder and an adventure neither the volunteer or Vuto herself had planned for.
Oh, and, remember that "chair" that was recommended for me to have
head over to the site and take a look around and
Some time in the spring my son, Alex, asked me if I wanted to travel with him to Tales of the Cocktail, a bartenders' convention. In New Orleans. In late July. I scoffed.
Christ Almighty
I don't have a photo for this one. I was pregnant with Jack so we didn't have anyone at our house to take our requisite photo. Jason wasn't actually working at Middleton, Burns & Davis yet. He had been hired but wouldn't begin work till after his graduation six months later. The party was at the Omni Mandalay in Las Colinas.
“Something that’s mediocre, just OK, not great or above anything else. See, when you have great ideas that are above the box and not inside it, it makes you different, it makes you not mediocre, not just like everyone else. Oh, people will come around eventually and adopt or even steal your great ideas, but not right away.
As to how successful Bersih 3.0 was as well as the brutality of the authorities, I will reserve that for others to comment.
I worked on several things. I did finish the crown princess mini album but have not taken the pictures. I will share that tomorrow. Sorry forgot and I was already loading the other pictures.
IU included the government’s written response in a statement.
#Turn me…
2. They are dubbed in Spanish. Which makes it especially hard for this young Spanish speaker because I hear them speak in Spanish but I see their lips move in English. So it’s a lot of Spanglish going on in my head. Which is quite entertaining.
This is a very small part of my life insurance. Nicole thinks this is a small part of her inheritance. I have her fooled. I have determined that I can't die until I've finished every WIP in my possession that I have started. This includes any new things I may obtain. That pile alone insures a very long life.
Reverence to the Gods
258The torch of Venus burns not for the dead.
After previously reincarnating my great aunt Ruthie, Rosie the Riveter, and Lady Bird Johnson, Peach made the next most logical choice for this year – John Muir. Of course. Not that she was the only transgender ghost, but she was certainly the only one with a giant Billy Gibbons beard. She handled it well, and I’m just sure everyone in that muggy auditorium was inspired, educated, and entertained by her portrayal.
Bring me to a place that
For £250,000—approximately $398,000—you can be the owner of "a wonderful and remote island group... a small archipelego centred around two main islands 25 miles north east of Lerwick, Shetland and extending to about 600 acres in all." It comes complete with a "private airstrip" and seasonal wild flowers.
Date of Origin: Monday June 13th, 2011 approx. 02:15 PM
Klimt's contributions to the dining room,
He’s good, he’s very good.
A family. A farm. A heart. All in need of repair.
No, I don’t think I’ll sew it again, not because I dislike this dress at all or don’t think I’ll get any wear from it, but because it is such a distinctive design that more than one would be a bit pointless. If I were more into the puff sleeves or the funny flap alternatives, maybe I could make another that looked sufficiently different.
The context: I received a message on Scruff from someone who didn’t show his face (bad sign) but said “hi”. Being a polite Midwesterner I replied back ‘hello and how are you’. He immediately responded with photos of various parts of his body. He wanted to know if I was ‘hosting’ or “traveling”. Not familiar with these terms I asked him explain what that means. After he enlightened me, I replied I was neither; I was at work. He became annoyed at this, and texted why I was leading him on. I didn’t state the obvious - he was the one who immediately dropped his pants in the conversation AND if he read my profile it says my partner and I are looking for friends (not hook ups). I forget what I actually said next, something apologetic I suppose. Then came his response:
But at the movies? At the grocery store? At restaurants? Seems like everywhere you go, people are yakking--loudly--on their damned cell phones. And yes, even at church. I'm probably going to hell because someone at church a good while back wouldn't shut up and my message to him wasn't exactly Christian.
Witbier
Judge Mr Justice Ronald Weatherup told Black: “You have been convicted by a jury of murder. There is only one sentence that will be imposed by law.
We'll, I am off to see The Avengers in a few hours and from what I have read, it will not disappoint. It will be great to see the characters interacting with one another, but the one story line I am really looking forward to seeing continued is Captain America's. His film left off on such a cliffhanger moment, I really wanted to see how they handled Cap's transition into modern life. It'll be fun to see the follow through on that.
here's
I picked up the fabric (see below) at JoAnn Fabrics for under $10. Once we get another layer of paint on the cart, I'll cut the fabric to fit in the inset areas and glue it to the panels, then modge podge overtop (I hope that works well). If all else fails, I can just add some kind of cording to the edges if I can't cut straight.
The time can shred on the hardened lava,
Bear in mind, in the revolutionary struggles of France before and after the Napoleonic era, a 'Republican' was a revolutionary, almost the same thing as a Communist of the modern era.
Thankfully the rest of the trip went much smoother!
Becoming a more environmentally conscious shopper is a great way to counter global waste accumulation and resource depletion. As you can see from the graph below, household waste remains one of the leading ingredients in today’s landfills. Luckily these numbers are moving down, and by doing my best to shop green -hopefully those numbers will continue their descent!
The ANC should wake up and learn from recent history. They forget how Idi Amin, Ferdinand Marcos, Jean-Bertrand Aristide, etc. were humiliated and kicked out of their countries…by the very sheep their sheepdogs attacked.
I ive on Eastern Long Island, NY and teach English/Special Education. I am wife to a wonderful husband for 23 years. I am mother to Tim, stepmom to Stacey (husband Phil) and proud "Nana" to Chloe and Jake. My mother taught me to crochet when I was a young girl and it continues to bring me great joy. She also introduced me to quilting years later. My interest in papercrafts began about 7 years ago when I took a rubber stamp class at my local library. From that moment on, I became completely and totally addicted to cardmaking and rubber stamping. I must say that of all three passions, papercrafting is the one that I love the most. My craftroom is truly my sanctuary! I am very blessed to have such a supportive family, inspiring teachers, and wonderful friends with whom I share my love and creative expression. I am currently, and proudly, a design team member for Just Inklined, Stamptacular Sundays and Fashionista Challenge Blogs.
One thing that I dislike about America (besides our reputation for being a nation unable to stop large-scale environmental disasters that we, in effect, have caused) is the fact that soccer is but marginalia in our sports encyclopedia. American club teams are treated like annoying little brothers. The New York Red Bulls? As in they give you wings? Un. Real.
Fact; I like cats! ;D
I have used a domain model and marked it as a non persistable.
Standard Edition (Edited) – Digital & Physical – 11 tracks
Final Jeopardy for May 2, 2012 Teen Week
And then he was gone.
I am convinced that before Carpe Diem, it was Zeno that propagated this philosophy. Every single one of his thought experiments imagines the world as it were in a single moment – with no concern for anything but the very immediate, yet still dwindling future. The end was never in his sights. His life was dedicated to the the journey to that end. He divided space and time into smaller and smaller halves until he visualized moments outside time, instants that are outside this mortal coil itself. That is why his ideas are paradoxes. They are not of this world. Zeno’s Paradoxes are a journey to a world where the things that seem so important here mean nothing.
not quite there
Not long ago, a friend of mine gave me a copy of The Sexual Life of Catherine M and said, “Now Literary Kitty, don’t be shocked!” so I was quite curious as to what all the fuss was about. It seems I wasn’t the only one. This book caused quite a sensation when it was originally published in France and has since been translated into several languages. The front cover boasts Edmund White’s quote that it is ‘One of the most explicit books about sex ever written by a woman’. Well OK Edmund, it’s explicit. I’d guessed that from the titty on the front cover. But is it any good?
pictures, then put one suitcase with clothes in the trunk of my car and took
Another day older and deeper and debt
My plans for a online magazine have been over shadowed by the new store & wedding.
Tender red-brown pollen-tipped locust fingers in pale green hoods.
I have a friend who thinks the ghost of Bob Dole is stalking the Republican Party and Dole isn’t even dead! What he means, of course, is that, at this point, the present batch of candidates are not that inspiring. The Party needs to articulate a distinct, conservative agenda and have the guts to stick with it.
Tickets for the event are $35 for U.F.O. Club members and $40 for non-members. Early purchases are suggested as tickets are limited and the event will reach capacity.
Mama...Cocoa...gave birth.
Cook the pancake 2 to 3 minutes, or until the bubbles begin popping on top of the pancake and it's golden brown on the bottom. Flip the pancake. Cook an additional 2 to 3 minutes, until the other side is golden as well. When you flip the pancake onto a plate, you will see that the cinnamon filling has created a crater-swirl of cinnamon. Wipe out the pan with a paper towel, and repeat with the remaining pancake batter and cinnamon filling. Serve pancakes topped with a drizzle of warm glaze.
Is There a Solution?
My schedule is now completely opposite of what it used to be for the past eight years. Instead of getting off work at 3 am, I'm now getting up at 3 am to get ready for work for the East Coast clients. Its extremely hard going from being a night owl to a morning person. Even though I have had my "new" schedule for the past nine months, I am still struggling to get used to the early mornings. I'm just not a morning person.
37. Despise You - You Can't...
Most people are familiar with a paper version of a book. It has a cover – maybe hard, maybe soft - with some cover art. Inside it has paper pages bound together (hopefully) strongly enough so you can open the book and read them and close the book again, and keep doing this as many times as you like. Books do not go off like milk. They might go yellow and smell a bit, but they can still be read many years after they have been published. You can fold down the corners of the pages (Muse: barbarians!) to keep your place, and even scribble in the margins if you haven’t borrowed it from the library. Or even if you have borrowed it, if you're a barbarian. Oh yes, and you can lend it, or pass it on to a friend after you’ve read it, or give it to a charity shop. The only thing you really need to read a paper book is eyes capable of seeing the print and hands to turn the pages. There are even special books for the blind, with the words in Braille for reading by touch.
By and large, that analysis remains true more than two decades later. I am not arguing that there should not be short-range goals — tangible goals that can be obtained and create a real advance are indispensable and create their own momentum during periods of movement upsurge. Any movement, especially one that confronts a global hegemonic system, must have attainable short-term victories. But to concentrate only on reforms, and not necessarily big reforms, is a short-term strategy that isn’t viable over the long term.
Setting aside the earlier version (with it's revolutionary use of naughty language) - what you have here is the distilled essence of what this brewery's marketing strategy is all about.
What three qualities matter most to you in the people you hang around with? For me, it'd have to be kindness, intelligence, and a good sense of humor. But lately, I've begun to question the quality of my sense of humor, because I must admit; few things are off-limits to me when it comes to cracking a joke or twisting words into a groan-worthy pun, and it doesn't take a lot to make me laugh.
Original illustrations from my books MERMAIDS ON PARADE, A CITY IS, and DOWN IN THE SUBWAY.
1. Where do you go when you want to get away from the pressures of life, family, work, etc?
Long-time readers of this blog might remember an incident I recounted of coming face to face with this fear of Travellers when my truck-house was parked in an orchard in Kent. A woman whose house overlooked the orchard one day hurled abusive language and fearful assumptions like "well you might have dogs, you just don't know do you", "I just don't like having to look at you" and fears that many more vehicle-dwellers might turn up the following summer! I was amazed at the reluctance of people to just come and talk, to see what kinds of people were over there, to ask them questions, to give fellow human beings the benefit of the doubt... but the fear was stronger, and the next day a council official with a clipboard heralded the subsequent leave-taking.
Just a little freedom to find myself.
Nothing could be more right.
About 2 years ago I ordered a book from Amazon.com using an echeck payment. After a few days, I noticed that the money never came out of my account, so after about 2 hours of searching Amazon.com's extremely un-user-friendly site, I sent them an email that said, "I received this book, but I do not believe it was paid for". The fine folks in the customer service department sent me an email telling me, the book had in fact been paid for. Great!
Last March, as we were just getting Daredevil under way, I spent a month at my parents' home in Florida. Below is a pic of me trying to get the right pose from behind. I often have trouble with backs (backs pain?), especially when the arm begins to overlap the latissimus dorsi. I also took reference for the right hand, but it was more critical for a close-up on a subsequent page.
We got to see her the first day we arrived and to our surprise she honestly didn't seem to remember us. My heart kind of stopped, i was just so ready for her to run to us and hug us but the opposite happened. Now.... some factors played in to her probably being like this, there were a lot of people in the room, and she is in a new orphanage(she has been in there for a week). But it still broke my heart a little, but the joy of seeing her out weighed any other emotions that i was feeling. She is beautiful and perfect! My heart melts at the sight of her...beautiful blue eyes, chubby cheeks, dimples that could melt the coldest heart, and that is the precious baby girl that God has given us to take care of. Ohhhhh...how blessed and honored we are and no matter how challenging it gets, God will only give us what we can handle and He promises to never leave us or forsake us! What an amazing promise to cling to.
Okay.
z..J﻿
‘…doctor says his veins are clogged…’
Much more debating, yelling, paradoxes and ironic scenes play out right up to the last minutes until a squadron of zeroes close in from the horizon and Yelland stands poised to give the order....
Marital Status: Single
It's fascinating, humbling and awe-inspiring all at once. I particularly like the ability to click on every object to find out more about them. Viewing things like this really helps put things into perspective.
Continuing with the living room re-decorate, I pulled out the trusty sewing machine, and sewed me up some pillows!
7:45- Get the kids' jammies on, brush teeth and read 2 books. 2 books is our standard, so that gives me some room if the kids aren't behaving during their bath or getting dressed, I take one book away. I hate to take the books away all together, because they really love their book time, and I value it as a way to connect with them during the short hours that I do have with them each day. And I also will let them have an extra book if they've been extra cooperative during the bedtime routine.
Also, much thanks to The Last Classic who, though we have never actually met in person, has provided a great deal of encouragement simply by demonstrating the kind of honesty to herself and others that I have always lacked. You have no idea what an impact you have made, and I thank you for that.
In a medium sauce pan heat the oil and then add the tempering items one by one slowly without burning them.
I really like this combo too... It reminds me of salt and pepper. For this combo I used four generous coats of Zoya Kate, one coat of Nubar White Polka Dots & one coat of Nubar Black Polka Dots, then I topped it off with another thick coat of Kate.
This is me with my brother and sister, and Nana and Pa. We hardly ever get photos together.I hate getting photos taken, and I’m sure Stevie was just wanting to go back to the bar!
coriander powder 1 tbsp
Clearly each wardrobe will be as individual as the person building it. Nonetheless, I would hope that at the end of year 1 your wardrobe will include a small collection of decent shirts, suits, ties and shoes. If it’s been a good year you will have accomplished this under budget and learnt a little more about yourself in the process. Happy hunting.
Our challenges will now be TWO-WEEK challenges.
E-mail: info@christianaction.org.za
Collage, paper or digital
Makes you wonder what else is out there about old tabula rasa Obama that the media never bothered to check out, doesn't it?
-Bobby Mack (USA Cross Country champion and 27:52 10k)
One possibility is to only take DNA when a suspect is charged - making it harder for police to target innocents for their DNA.
to all and think, I’ve done right,
Hiked from Chat w/ Joe before scrambling two laps on Flattie2 in the 1010s. We downclimbed the face in between before heading down the trail after the second one. Not true summits because we didn't scale the Pullman Car either time--not skilled enough to solo that.
Aerosmith was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 2001.
The harm the Goldstone libel has done to Israel is incalculable. It has strengthened the country's genocidal Arab enemies, provided a foundation for continued diplomatic attacks on Israel's legitimacy as a nation, a precedent for the perversion of international law and continued fodder for the continued myth of 'fascist, apartheid Israel' to be recycled over and over again.
Happy New Year's Eve!
For at least 10 years now, I had been using the mobile telecom services of Vodafone (and Orange and Hutch before the rechristening). Recently, owing to bad service and more, I ported from Vodafone to Airtel, taking three post-paid numbers to it.
Jesus Christ is the King of the nations. He is the Creator, the Eternal Judge, the only Mediator between God and man (1 Timothy 2:5-6). Jesus Christ is the Way, the Truth and the Life, no one comes to the Father except through Him (John 14:6). There is no other Name given under Heaven by which we must be saved (Acts 4:12). The only one to whom South Africa should be dedicated is our Creator God, the only Redeemer and Saviour,as was done when the Afrikaners established the Day of the Covenant.
Today I am sharing a rather simple looking card, unfortunately it took me 3 hours to put together. How is that even possible?
Under the baton of Maestro Lim Soon Lee, the NUS Symphony Orchestra will perform Tchaikovsky’s Symphony No. 5, a majestic work revolving around the theme of fate and providence. The Orchestra will also be joined by teenage violinist Selina Tang, winner of the 2009 National Piano & Violin Competition, on Mozart’s Violin Concerto No. 3 in G Major. The evening’s programme also includes Suppé’s Overture to Poet and Peasant, a light-hearted classic bound to thrill and enchant.
Textron’s Cessna Aircraft believes its agreement with Aviation Industry Corporation of China (Avic) will position the company to become a dominant player in the burgeoning Chinese aviation market, says Textron chief Scott Donnelly, dismissing concerns that the technology transfer involved could come with intellectual property risks.
We need to define the characteristics of Icelandic design based on our culture and customs – i.e. we need to find the Icelandic pitch. Distinctive Icelandic design is still rather scarce but there are abundant prospects and a lot of interest from abroad. We need to draw attention abroad on the basis of our uniqueness and follow through with comprehensive and focused marketing of Icelandic design. Ties between progressive design and both domestic and foreign markets also need to be strengthened. Marketing abroad of Icelandic design can be boosted by establishing agencies that can take care of various assignments and handlings. The Iceland Design Centre and the Trade Council of Iceland have already taken steps in this direction, but more is needed.
I can saw with out a doubt that this book is a value in the challenges and the doors it opens when the quotes are revealed. I can see the value in the e-book as well.
Today is Sunday Morning on Indonesian time table,
‘So tell me how they work,’ she said, deciding to humour him for a little longer.
What have they got to fear from Muslims in Britain who simply want to uphold family values which were once held so dear in British communities before binge drinking, promiscuity and pill-popping became so commonplace? There is no reason why Muslims can not contribute positively to Britain and elsewhere in the West without diluting their faith. It is not asked of other communities so why single Muslims out for special treatment?
Even though we are about a month into the DWTS season, this was by far the worst perforamance show thus far. There were outright mess ups, awkward mishaps, and good old fashioned sloppy dances. The judges shouldve put away their 10 and 9 paddles because the MOST anyone shouldve received was an 8. But these are celebrities, they need to be reassured every 5 seconds that they are ‘enough’ and ‘special’.
Over medium high heat add olive oil to a 12 inch skillet. Saute sofrito and steak for about 5-7 minutes. Add potatoes to skillet, mixing well. Pat evenly across pan and season with salt and pepper. Cook for 4 minutes without stirring to start browning potatoes. Flip and repeat about four more times. The potatoes will be noticeably brown. Plate and top with fried egg. Enjoy!
Like the champers we are brimming and bubbling with excitement about the coming year and sharing all our prospective adventures into the land of tea parties and vintage passions with you,
"Tell me what?"
On the April 2010 Hope2Africa Masi trip we learned that Thembi and her siblings were being evicted. They could not afford the rent and had no where else to go. God provided the financial resources for our team to purchase a shack for Thembi, her sister, brother and cousins. They were so excited to have a shack of their own and tears of joy were shed as she exclaimed “we have our very own shack now, just like everyone else.”
- dried kiwi fruit (for palm tree top)
Dump the cranberries and jalapeno in a food processor, pulse the living shit out of them, and scrape them out into a small pot. Stir in the orange juice, brown sugar, and cornstarch. Simmer over low heat until thickened; this will take a fair amount of time. While that crap is going, cut up your apples and toss them with the remaining ingredients.
Sitting down tends to be a posture that says, "I recieve. I rest" Maybe my constant producing and dis-taste for sitting has more to do with trust. Babyboy loves to do everything for himself. At thirty-something I still like to do everything myself. When I sit, I can't produce. I have to trust someone else to do, to produce, and to provide for me.
- Jessica
Begin by crushing the vanilla wafers in a food processor (or by placing them in a large plastic bag and crushing them with the back of a spatula or rolling pin).
Add to this the fact that retirement, particularly for women, who tend to live longer, can now last for up to thirty years or so and women may look with horror at the prospect of relinquishing an income, social relationships and recognition for many potentially unfulfilling years ahead.
Though the Bengalis proved themselves to be equally, if not more, patriotic than the West Pakistanis during the 65 war with India, yet the state of mutual confidence between the two left more to be desired. By 1971 the relations deteriorated further and irreversibly. The last straw that broke the proverbial camel’s back was Bhutto’s rejection of 1970 election results which had given Shaikh Mujib ur Rehman’s Awami League a clear cut majority to form the government at the centre.
After I got past the first week and a half of uncomfortability, of shame over what I saw inside and of inability to embrace His invitation to deeper communion, I enjoyed the remaining three weeks with thoroughness! Perhaps the biggest thing He spoke to me, that He’s still outworking, is that He’s “bringing to death the silence” in me. Here’s what I mean.
Then I masked off the table tops and sprayed the body of the tables ivory. After that had thoroughly dried, I hand-distressed with some fine sandpaper until some of the gray primer showed through in places and on the edges.
Jungleland 11:03
Do not assume meanings hidden from you:
So when does this burst of green happen, you know, or didn’t you have to read, “Le Rayon vert (1882)” by Jules Verne in French class. Well, after what seemed like endless, unsuccessful attempts, by various experiments, they finally saw visible green flashes of light – well, not everyone saw – the heros, too busy finding love in each other’s eyes, certainly were not paying attention to the results of various experiments, or the setting sun. This may be why you have never seen the green burst of the setting sun!
First, it looks like Coach Taylor is going to be getting his fair share of spoken, yet unspoken threats from the boosters. He’s already had to deal with his first from Buddy Garrity, Lyla’s father, and it makes me really not like the guy. I feel like he’s going to be sticking his nose where it doesn’t belong and causing trouble for Coach in coming episodes.
He was just another stray dog, never knew where he belonged or where he came from. All he ever sought all his life was a home, someone to love him and care for him and he thought he found it in her. She was unlike any human he had ever seen before in his life. He followed her home just because he saw what he wished. At first she like every other girl was delighted with the knowledge of a lost puppy following her home. She took care of him, fed him and gave him somewhat of a shelter in a broken wooden box. But he didn’t mind, he was finally somewhere he belonged. Someone for once wanted him in life.
So, then it came to sophomore year. Sophomore year I chose the more traditional route: Domino's, Papa John's or pizza from one of our great local places. I hoarded coupons to keep things cheap. By sophomore year you scoff at the freshmen ordering Pokey's and pretend like you weren't doing the same thing a year before. Junior year I discovered pizza bread. That's when I started making my own pizza...all. the. time. That's healthy. A week ago (aka one week to go in my senior year) I discovered these. Good heavens. It was a long and, at times, treacherous journey, but it was all worth it if this is the pinnacle of pizza perfection. Yes, I know I could go and get amazing pizza from a restaurant, but I'm young and broke.
He goes on to raise appropriate cautions about the city today, and implores us to understand that just because its reputation has changed, the underlying fissures of race and class still exist: “But the scars, emotions, and underlying causes are still present. They remain embedded below the surface of the city like a dormant but smoldering volcano, one that could rumble to life at any time… Lift up the rock and you will see,” he concludes.
Wait – I hear the phone.
Ever thought about giving up your familiar life and career to farm a patch of land organically and become self-sufficient? I have three reasons for never fully engaging with this fantasy: I like thinking hard more than physical work (I’m also fantastically clumsy), I like my creature comforts and hate being cold/wet for more than the duration of a minimalist walk with the dog, and I would become far too attached to farm animals to slaughter them, regardless of whether that would be to spare them from suffering or for food. Although I reckon I could get over the last one if I had to.
Have I said yet how much I LOVE my little girl? I love her more than I love anything else in the world. And for the simplest of reasons....
Sorry was moving about earlier than me; she usually was. I found her poking around the beach, looking in the tidal pools for a stranded soul. She looked over her shoulder, not willing to share this time. I couldn't blame her, so I wandered further down the beach. After finding two soft squigglers I was sated and curled up in a bed of dried seaweed. The sand was warming and I could feel the cold slipping from my bones. I sighed. She must have found her own breakfast, because soon Sorry was curled at my back again and snoring. I felt the heat of her body, and a part of me stirred that could not be ignored. She breathed heavily as I rolled over onto her and pressed her into the sand.
This weekend we will be blessed with a visit from my cousin Jane and her family and my Great Aunt Bernice! We are not ready at all- but I'm sure we'll pull it together tonight.
Food Zone: selling local, organic & homegrown food and drinks. Café-bar and gallery. Designated Picnic Area.
I dropped by the World Treasures mall to check on my booth there, and while it didn't look like anything had sold, the records showed I have sold $18.00 so far this month. If I can do the same in the second half of the month, then I won't have to pay my rent! :)
Another interesting situation developed - again very, very different from the other colonized continents. We DID NOT diminished or destroyed the 'natives' of Southern Africa. In all of these other continents you search hard to find a true native - they have nearly all gone - THEY ARE THE MINORITIES in their own countries. It is true that there are very few Bushmen left and it is true that my ancestors had an impact on their already limited numbers. It is also well known that the true destruction of the African Bushmen everywhere in Africa was due to the blacks that slowly moved southwards in Africa. They nearly wiped the Bushmen of the face of the earth - the Bushmen were forced into the desert and remote areas of southern Africa.
Red ink correcting with-
1 novel
and whom his gifts would thrill.
You know what? Fuck you.
She sprinted upstairs. As you do when your two-year-old is AWOL and there’s water running.
Bags and gloves will be provided.
Of course, I thought, a wife cooks, cleans, drives children to appointments, picks up groceries and dry cleaning, pays the bills, and entertains the husband's boss.
The man she worked on grunted, trying not to move, as she continued, adding ink and
Splendor Head - Mirth (CFY)
Happy Sunday, Everyone!!
So why? Why didn't Dave just tell Hunt to resign last week when the whole sorry mess happened?
if she permitted my fingers roam
The w*nker hopped on his moto, zipped down the road, and jumped off a further 100 yards in front of me and proceeded to whip out his todger and start bashing away again. I was aghast at the cheek of it!
Wrapping last-minute presents
When Jeff wasn’t looking my co-worker and I looked at eachother. We were both thinking the same thing. Poor bastard. We have his stereo.
Who is your audience?
The long run builds your endurance – When training for a marathon, the long run is a must for building endurance both physically and mentally. Being on your feet that long and getting used to it is crucial.
Opposite the bed, you might recognize the antique chairs upholstered in Diamond and Baratta's "London Plaid" -as they were a big part of the photo shoot at the house last year . . . and now these two chairs rest underneath another of the over-sized theatrical backdrops that I had framed for the house.
I would never fight dehydration by taking one sip of ice water, then one sip of Dr. Pepper. That's just stupid.
This is the chicken man. He is the most incredible butcher of poultry I have ever seen. His ability to de-bone and prepare a chicken breast sotille (very thin) is nothing short of mastery.
Wish list item: cashmere
Poof! Tinkle, sprinkle fairy dust. A whirl of bluish smoke. A sparkly explosion.
Computer generated sentiment
I had fun this month, that's for sure, I just wasn't all that productive in crossing things off my list. You know what I was productive about though? Reading everything there is to know about the African continent, writing papers about sex trafficking and all things grad school. I always make sarcastic comments about how uplifting my graduate program is but truth be told, I love learning about all of this stuff. I feed off it. You can ask my poor boyfriend how many times we've been out to dinner and I start going off about human rights violations in Sudan and the fact that World Cup soccer brings along with it a huge increase in the sex trade (which is the current topic of the paper I'm writing). I love this stuff. I love sitting down with these issues and striving to find a way to bring about change. I could not have chosen a better topic for my Master's.
The random access memory storage space for the normal hardware settings wоuld bе 1 gigabyte of space. The ultra settings would be double thе normal hardware settings and bе twо gigabytes.To process the data quickly еnоugh fоr the normal gaming experience thе Central Processing Unit speed wоuld bе аt the minimum оne thousand, ѕix hundred megahertz. For the ultra setthngs it should be аbove оnе thousand eіght hundred megahertz.
Coupe coupe
All of our snow was gone... until this morning! I love the abstract look of the snow nestled in the branches of our backyard apple tree.
Assistant District Attorney, Mecklenburg County , 1971 – 1974
of those cinnamon apples
Today’s Simply Solo spotlight is brought to you by Carey McHutchen, a contributor at WWW Dating Guide, where she gives dating tips and advice to those submerging themselves in the scary world of online dating.
For those who qualify, a special needs trust can substantially improve a disabled person’s quality of life. Through a special needs trust, a parent can make sure their disabled child is not disqualified from public benefits like medicaid and supplemental security income. A parent can also make sure the inheritance they leave their child will be managed properly and in a way that enhances their child’s life.
Giordano is from a half-Jewish family persecuted by the Nazis, who eventually hid out until 1945 because the mother was in danger of deportation or worse. Broder is from a Polish Jewish family that survived the concentration camps and later came to Germany by way of Vienna.
The phrase that jumps out at me here is the part I have italicised. If the place was possessed of more than mere aesthetic charm then I would expect more people of a sensitive nature to pick up on it and sensitivity doesn’t belong merely to writers and artists. Places can refresh us; I give you that. As a young teenager I was to be regularly found out wandering through the countryside or along the beach, the kind of “undemonstrative, rural places” mentioned above. Hard to imagine that when you see me now. But when I look at what I was writing back then there isn’t exactly a huge amount of nature poetry. There is some – I’ve been writing for forty years and there’s not much I haven’t written about at some time or other – but no one would ever call me a nature poet or at least not a poet of the natural world; nature fascinates me – human nature.
With the skateboard generation trucking into school yards all over the nation, what’s a futuristic Poet to do? Well, how does an Ipod app, the Poet’s Pad sound to you? Designed for either texting or digital recording poetry on the go, the Poet’s Pad is an indication smartphone application developers are not leaving Poetry behind….the full story: Old-Fashioned and New-Fangled Tools for Poets at Bob and Margery’s Poetry Blog.
I thought we were right on track to get rid of one of the other cats, as he was ingratiating himself with my brother's in-laws, who live next door, but then he had to go and claw my niece, who was visiting them next door. Every time I see him now, I kick him, just because of that little episode. If it wasn't for that, they would have taken him home by now, and I'd be rid of him.
1 listing
I wondered what he meant by "huge tip." I have seen other people's "huge tips" be two or three dollars.
On Tuesday the 18th, we left. Late. I think we got out of the house at 3:00 in the afternoon, or close to it! But, once we actually got on the road, we were cheerful. The three of us enjoy traveling together.
“Did Zanoni belong to this mystical Fraternity, who, in an earlier age, boasted of secrets of which the Philosopher’s Stone was but the least; who considered themselves the heirs of all that the Chaldeans, the Magi, the Gymnosophists, and the Platonists had taught; and who differed from all the darker Sons of Magic in the virtue of their lives, the purity of their doctrines, and their insisting, as the foundation of all wisdom, on the subjugation of the sense, and the intensity of Religious Faith?”
stand unrecognizable
Friday, 04 May 2012
I hope you enjoy our proposals.
The gift will add $15 million to the existing Karsh Scholarship Fund for financial aid for U. S. students, and will also create a $10 million dollar-for-dollar challenge to encourage other donors to establish their own named, need-based undergraduate scholarships for U.S. students.
War Horse
-You will regret calling that girl a “slut” to her face.
Memory and perception are the apparatus by which we construct a narrative through perceiving these works. Along with Bergson (In his Matter and Memory), the inventive capacity of our cognition, our action in thinking, lies within our ability to forget – our short term memory – which in turn forces us to invent. Henri Bergson defines memory itself as an image that intervenes in active perceptions as we experience the world. Memories become the residual of our affective experience of the world about. These memories are “materially” perceived. By attaching memory and consciousness to a physical process of perception, I believe Bergson allows for the materialization of not only matter but identity itself to be rendered comprehensible even in art. “Matter can be impressed with a form, and the source of ontogenesis can be derived from this matter – form relation. Indeed, if haecceities were not somehow inherent within the atom, or matter, or indeed form, it would be impossible to find a principle of individuation in any . . . realities. To seek the principle of individuation in something that preexists this same individuation is tantamount to reducing individuation to nothing more than ontogenesis. The principle of individuation here is the source of haecceity”[8]. This formation of matter is the beginning of our material perception of our milieu and the beginning of how we can enter into interactivity with the world and in this case this exhibit. Our memory (in the long-term) can no longer be perceived as a latent vegetative contemplation or “image”. “In truth, it no longer represents our past to us, it acts it; and if it still deserves the name of memory, it is not because it conserves bygone images, but because it prolongs their useful effect into the present moment”.[9] This expressive transformation of memory as images and its becoming active in the present is exactly what Zoe’s aim becomes as she spatially gives voice to those within her photographs throughout the city and the art gallery. Our perception of these elements, interwoven into the social fabric of the urban landscape, and the socio-political and economic landscape of the art gallery, allow for a prolonging, and vivification of our experiences long gone but brought to the for.
When the emptiness of the void is at last reached and understood and the capability of generating things out of the void itself becomes possible we will certainly enter a new world for us living beings. The void brought us into being but it is impossible to know what this presently unknowable thing is or the limits of what it is capable of. For non-theists the void may be the ultimate supernatural entity and it is the thing to which they must turn for ultimate answers and help. This is possibly the supernatural thing which is testable and provable as opposed to the various god concepts which so far have failed the various tests.
As a parent, sets high standards and wants everything done right.
When I began blogging, my full, God-honest intention was to put myself out there. My motivation was my decision to become a serious writer, published and beyond. I figured meeting other writers and learning more about our craft was the way to forge ahead.
~~ anon
Lehrer explains:
We dropped off Riley and got to the hospital. I went into Triage and checked with an amnio swab to see if it was my water that was broken, and it was. I was admitted to 4620 and the girls got things organized. They started me on antibiotics because we didn’t know my GBS status, and the cramping seemed to settle down. Dr. Joutsi was on call - the ironic thing is that he was on call when my water broke with Jackson. This time it was a much happier encounter. We decided to wait things out and see what happened over the next few hours. We wanted to make sure I got the antibiotic coverage I needed so we both tried to get some sleep.
Poke a few fork pokes into to to let steam out while baking. Lay the second dough next to the first, fold and crease, open up so half lays over onto 1st dough, fill, fold over and crimp, poke with fork.Place onto center of rack and bake 25-30 minutes or until golden brown. Cool 5 minutes before cutting.
Grace To Carry is the real life story of me and my best friend, Joan, who died of colon cancer. We met by chance . . . she was bigger than life--outgoing, strong, but reluctant to trust. I was timid but trusted all who crossed my path. The journey through her cancer reversed our roles. She became trusting, and I gained strength beyond what I thought possible. What developed was the beautiful spirit of friendship; personal growth, and the strength to persevere through life's most challenging adversity . . . a lesson that's carried me long after her death.
kindness.
The other day I hit an all time low when after setting the alarm and herding the kids to the car I get myself almost buckled in when I realized I wasn't wearing a shirt! Really?? Now, I was going to the gym so arriving in only a sports bra would not have been a completely inappropriate but it is the closest I have come to being issued a declaration of insanity.
After my small ‘who am I?’ ‘what do I do?’ worthless breakdown yesterday ending in no revision, a pair of cropped gingham (pink ladies style) pants, a Nandos with three Perinaise dips, and a viewing of the documentary style film on Bob Marley’s life ‘Marley’. – I have made feeble tries to find out who I am again.
For twelve long years, she suffered with a condition, a hemorrhage of blood, one that the doctors could not cure. She spent all her money on their lack of knowledge.
Second, does it have any connection with appearance? As we have seen in the previous paragraph it does. Does the clothing have to meet a certain standard? The only standard that I am aware is that standard that expresses itself in godliness. There is no certain length to a skirt, no certain arrangement to a blouse top, and neither is there an exhortation that a man must wear a shirt. But there is a connection to apparel that has propriety in view, something that is respectable, suitable, and decent. In the end, the individual will have to judge what is best, but they need to do so in accordance with godliness. If one does not use this standard, then the only standard remaining is one’s own. Can one be pleasing to God with such a standard? Moreover, if godliness has its start in the heart, it can’t help but to come out in the appearance.
The images I made are the film strip, the typewriter keys and the documented sentiments in the typewriter script the rest are brilliantly made my Joslyn..
Johnny is doing alright out in Afghanistan. He works about 12 hours a day - so he mostly just works, eats, and sleeps - so he has limited time to write to me. I email him at least once a day (usually more hee hee) and he's able to email me once maybe twice a week. I'd post our letters, but they are fairly boring. Hahaha! I tell him about the cats and he tells me that he's doing alright and just tired and hot over there. And then we say how much we miss each other and love each other over and over and that's about it. xD I talk about the cats on here so much that I think y'all would get tired of it real quick if I posted everything they do. Hahaha.
It's so exciting to see this piece really coming together and looking like something. Those who've been following on this long (years) journey of mine probably remember when it wasn't much more than blue or green blob (much like Soul Mates is now, lol).
~I'm so tired of the same 3 songs on Emma's Taylor Swift CD. Time to move to the next track, girl, or I'm gonna make sure your disc has an "accident"
I had a Movie Date with a GF yesterday, and we went to see Iron Lady, about Margaret Thatcher.
ingesting droning, buzzy flies.
Their neighbours rarely think of them at all, except in a comic context, but if pushed will say they distrust them as sly and two-faced.
After lunch, the now grassed over Seville station makes a nice place to sit and watch the horses in the paddocks beyond. Also, there are plenty of great produce suppliers only a short drive away so make sure you pick up some fresh fruit and veg on your way home.
Under the act, the government is also given the power to bring charges against Americans engaged in political protest anywhere in the country.
-Luke Henery (personal interview August 19, 2011.)
Gripes about Margaret's editing generally focus on three aspects of the film, each of which I find integral in context: subplots, transition shots, and "choppiness". Let me take a brief look at each of these three, starting with subplots. Yes, Margaret contains a great number of characters, subplots and scenes which do not seem to support the main thread of the film: how Lisa deals with her role in Monica's death. There are long conversations with parents, teachers, police officers, and others, which do not necessarily advance this storyline, or could do so far more briefly. But the film is as much about how Lisa does not deal with her shared responsibility for the bus accident as it is how she does deal with it. In order for the intensity of her interest in the lawsuit to make sense, we need to see her attempt to live life for a while --for a good chunk of the film, really-- by ignoring it. It's a sad but human truth that sometimes the most effective way to cope with a tragedy is to move on with our lives as if it never happened. It doesn't always work, as when Lisa goes on a date the night of the accident. But this instinct cannot be summed up in a single scene; we have to feel a sense of the duration of her trying to live life without dealing, before it makes sense to see her deal.
3rd CFL-1 Jaric Fink
My second contribution uses some rescued components from last week's challenge. The woodgrain and script stamping was cut from a one layer card that was slightly off square and mounted onto this one with the Memory Box die cut added.
Top trays have green peppers, rosemary, and blue sage. Since this was taken, the top trays have been mulched with straw to keep moisture close to the roots.
Overall Impression: An intensely hoppy, very strong pale/amber ale with maltiness and deep malt flavors. Strongly hopped but clean, lacking any harsh bitterness, this is our tribute to historical ESBs.
I am making the changes. I am healing. I am living.
bear it without repining.
On workers’ rights at employment tribunals, you would think a basic principle of justice for those aggrieved at work, the self-important ex-BP economist Vince Cable has led the charge to deprive the most put upon workers of the most elementary rights and to charge them thousands of pounds into the bargain for the privilege of enforcing such things as the right to be free from sexual or racial harassment.
Perhaps you go on a camping trip to a distant country, where you hike deep into the desert, heading for a series of abandoned villages beyond the mountains northwest of the airport. They are Roman sites, some say, but others suggest a 2500-year old fringe culture outside imperial reach. Either way, as the group of you sits down to cook dinner around a fire—flames lighting up a circle of illegible building forms eroding back into sand—your guide starts to tell a story. The only thing he's describing, however, is an imaginary building that looms around you, he says, on all sides, with rooms, spiral stairways and halls, and the occasional door resting alone somewhere in the darkness, that no one has yet to open. Temples form in the outline of his story: things that used to be but are no longer. The description goes on for hours. You realize, when the moon disappears behind the mountains and your campfire has burned out, that you've been taken several hundred rooms deep into some massive, impromptu architectural edifice produced on the spot by the guide.
But in the end, our government officials are responsible--or not.
At that point I knew I had to read the rest of the book. I needed to see Olivia get revenge on Brynne. And thankfully, she does. Big time.
You always knew an Apple spot when you saw one. These things are from a different land. They have the "almost-funny" quality of something from Microsoft or Taco Bell.
Now for the fun part!
So Dee was a pretty cool guy (and in my story his niece, Sophia, is pretty awesome herself!), and when he talked, Queen Elizabeth listened—she even changed the date of her coronation to coincide with an astrologically ideal date, based on his recommendation. And, arguably, that worked out for her. :)
According to the man’s account of the story, “she seemed to pick me out from the group of journalists at the front line because I was the only obvious foreigner among them. She began shouting at me, (she had been shouting about various things from the beginning, like pushing the protesters to enter Dataran Merdeka)”.
3) The Power of Interest. Most financial institutions will stress the power of interest both negatively, when your paying interest on debt, and positively, when your earning money for doing nothing.
November 18, 2005
Basically all you need to do is click on the thumbnail of one of my paintings (they have 10 up there more but we have many more designs in the works coming soon). Even though they only show the Square crop at first, be assured that the full versions of the artwork are on the products! From there you can select the type of device, and then the make & model of the device from the dropdown selection. Voila!
An archeological dig on the site in 2005 found, among other things, lots of liquor bottles and a large number of rouge pots.
It was a perfect day to see the gardens. Their naturally austere and rectilinear nature is exaggerated to an extreme state of at this time of year. It is a garden, made of things that we think of as 'nature' - trees, grass, other plants, water. Yet it doesn't really feel like a garden, more like some strange abstract world of planes and lines. A giant minimalist sculpture.
Level 2: MP Cost: 20, Duration: 72 seconds, Defense: +10%, Abnormal Status Resistance: +6%, Elemental Resistance: +6%.
In doing this I broke through the $65-for-a-bicycle-tyre barrier for the first time. Not cool. $69.95 for a “Michelin Krylion carbon.” Whatever the hell that is. I assume it’s a derivative of Kryptonite or some other rare intergalactic elemental-type substance. The packaging came with some weird-arsed space-hieroglyphics that meant nothing to me.
"Y'all are my favorite nuts.", (hardy har har, I thought I was so funny)
The one with the white beads is out of the Little Twin Star box I got the other day. :)
I love marshmallows, but even I found myself a little daunted by possession of a whole tin of home made (and thus more perishable) ones. I feel like, on the whole, this is less of a baking project for a casual Thursday night, and more one for when you have to impress someone or amuse a child (or impress an amused child). I will, however, be making cocoa tonight.
an ATC. Then afterwards i wrote "i heart my dress" on a piece of white card then layered it on red. Last i punched a red love heart and glued it on the waist of the dress.
We have just 21 months to go before she starts kindergarten. That's probably the length of the waiting lists for the daycares I'm most interested in.
A very proper looking young boy (shorts and jumper, black shoes white socks, bow ties and parted hair) visits his Aunty May and helps clean up her house. He sweeps, cleans, dusts, fixes sinks and does the washing up, the vacuuming and all other manner of helpful things around the house. The problem is that his helpfulness results in little catastrophes -- an antique vase being broken, pipes bursting and flooding rooms, red ink being spilt and a whole lot more. Of course the boy is rather proud of all his helpfulness. He recognises the catastrophes but they are just small mishaps along the way.
I’ve been reading, studying, watching and observing graffiti art for years by Now.
1. Relationships between colleages are always fertile ground. Write about the ‘alleged’ affair between your physics teacher and your economics teacher.
I talked last week about the new chocolate frosting recipe I used on the rose cake, but I forgot to post it! As I mentioned, I don't often find a great chocolate frosting recipe. Many are made with only cocoa, and they're not chocolaty enough; others taste nice but are too thin to pipe (to be fair, that works fine for certain cakes, but I usually need to be able to fancy up my cakes, so I want that thicker consistency that holds a shape).
But, a few years later, Eddie had competition in deepest Hampshire, from Robin Cousins the Cossack Dancing Ice Skater no less :)
woman be happy with whom she is.
If anyone is interested in my personal definition of what marriage is – or should be – then it’d be something like this.
-define the color palette
The British Met Office has Europe’s biggest computer.
to comment on other people's writing.
‘You can argue, discuss and scientifically examine all you like, but it comes down to the same thing: Nobody understands what is happening. Not Buddhists, not Christians, not Government scientists, not anyone you know. So forget ideologies. They betray, they limit, they lead astray. Just deal with the raw data and TRUST YOURSELF. Liberate yourself from the Illusion of Culture. Take responsibility for what you think and what you do.’
So this diversity nonsense is being pulled anywhere that is White and no where that is non-White.
And maybe it's okay to be desperately needy...as long as we are desperately needy for the right reasons, and for the right Person. It is often in the times of desperation that the Lord teaches me and reminds me just how desperately I need HIM.
The bedraggled war veteran smiled.
Convincing his coach to put him back in the game, Chris Paul helped rally the Clippers from as much as 27 points down, to a thrilling win, 99-98. The win tied the NBA playoff record for the largest come from behind win from a 21 point deficit.
Most level-headed Brits have already resigned themselves to the notion that we’ll be lucky if we get to play a quarter final game. While the kids may still believe that Stevie G. has a hope of lifting that trophy, they may just be the only ones. Call me cynical, but improving public perception of our chances is becoming a bigger challenge with every passing day.
Check back in six years and we’ll see who won the deal. But for now, I see it as a trade that needed to happen.
Haiti
2 small thin sliced spam and i bet that 2 eggs were old.
The political and security landscape in Afghanistan in November 2009 will be very similar to 2008, although security will probably be worse. The international military forces will have spent the summer of 2009 grappling with the Taliban-led insurgency. A ‘surge’ of US-led forces and renewed efforts to tackle the Taliban looks to be the theme for 2009-2010. Parliament will be weak and only partially effective. All aspects of the narcotics industry will continue to flourish across large parts of the country. Pakistan and its lack of control over an insurgency in the west of the country will remain a negative influence on Afghanistan’s development.
Last week, Kupros Bistro in Sacramento (I won't link to them for reasons soon to be obvious) got a keg of Pliney the Younger, the limited release from Russian River Brewing Company. Knowing that Beer Geeks go mad for this beer, Kupros decided to have a special event. For a $45 ticket, a beer lover would get one 12 oz pour of Pliny the Younger, one of their $14 burgers, and a buck off any other tap beer for the rest of the event. A lot of people complained that Russian River was price gouging.
As a man who is at heart a tabloid muck-raker, Murdoch has the most to gain from an end to super-injunctions. We would all gain from that of course (gagging orders are little better than the Bourbons’ widely used lettres de cachet) but the plain fact is that super-injunctions tend to be issued on behalf of wayward celebrities, and finding out what they’re up to is the bedrock of Newscorp’s business. Rupert Murdoch cares nothing for personal liberty and privacy – Hackgate has proved that beyond reasonable doubt: what he wants is license to make the genuinely private public – as part of his endless pursuit of money….and the powerful influence that comes with it.
My numerous inquiries has led me me to realize that the explanations I seek might be as versatile as trusting this is only a natural statistical phenomenon or the revelation of our subconscious conveying hidden messages to believing that this is indeed a form of communication by someone divine, the angels.
It’s interesting how differently you are treated when the medical professionals helping you, discover that the damage is self inflicted.
Front: small pieced squares (5 1/2") 85 total- (80 orange, 5 gray)
Pardon, O infinite goodness, what none else will. You have writ my pardon in bloody characters, let not the black ingratitude of my sins have force to blot it out. Had I as many lives to give as you have received wounds, all would be too small a ransom to redeem my sins, and too poor an offering of thanksgiving for my redemption and your sufferings.
He was back to watching her, candlelight softening the harsher lines of his face, head tilted ever so slightly sideways. Dark eyes played host to a reflected sparkle, and gave nothing else away. Perhaps Rel might be able to make something of the man just by looking at him, but he was away on a mission to Vessit, of all places.
L and I went to the mall on Friday morning. She bought a really cute pair of boots that were maked down to 5 lb wich was about $7.50! They were originally over $60.
So you have not heard about my two little loves that really are my heart's companions. They give me peace, calm and love. Not quite so unconditional, but more than your average cat. They are the BEST cats I've ever had. And I've had many.
Carpet Cleaning Methods That Work
Item: A 55-year-old husband and father, the widely respected teacher of honors English in a Charlotte-area high school, is arrested by police after allegedly using the camera on his cell phone to take “upskirt” photos of a woman and her daughter shopping at the grocery store.
And while I’m sure Connor loves having the same lunch everyday (Because really, who doesn’t?), perhaps I should switch it up some. But what to substitute, that is the question!
Erik Adigard
Okay, this is weird. I'm pulling a Beth today, rushing rushing rushing to get to my computer and now that I'm here and finally sat down to log in, I find that the entire blogspot interface has changed! Ellie? Beth? Did you know this? Be warned.
I think this fight will really show us how Khan does against someone with equivalent speed and a good tight defense. Not only is Zab good at neutralizing his opponents offense with his speedy counter punches but now he actually fights a lot like Pernell Whitaker, with the good philly shell defense and good head movement. This should be a very interesting fight.
Connemara distinguishes itself away from the Scotch peated whiskies as being produced in rural areas, not coastal, so there’s no powering hit of sea spray or iodine. On the nose it gives you a balance of dried fruits, honey and wild flower. The palate however gives you a silky smooth start of honey, with a more powerful and intense taste of fruit and peat coming through giving it a long finish.
This definitely helps my creativity. And "comfy" it is!! From my cushy chair,
At least in Spain business does get done. Meetings with a client I had in Saudi many years ago involved lots of chat and gossip and time restraints might mean the business would not be concluded that day and I would have to return again – and again! It once took me three days to present an invoice, but then, anything that involves a Saudi actually paying for services rendered is fraught with difficulty.
The Board welcomes public input on these draft strategic goals, as well as any additional suggestions. To complete the survey before the deadline of Friday, April 20, 2012, visit the Halton District School Board website’s homepage.
LAst weeks Assignment:
He popped off the top and took a long swallow, then let out a grateful sigh. “Pool makes me thirsty, thanks. And no, I don’t own this place, but your parents do and they like me.”
It is a long process but I did this during the day, while carrying out my regular errands. I just put a hat on my head and went on with my business. When I woke up the next day my hair was soft and fluffy. I was very impressed. When preparing for bed I twisted my hair in big sections, sometimes applying shea butter. I did not use the Shea butter every night because I did not want my hair to be oily. And as you can see from the steps above, I used quite a lot of oil! On day 3, the top section of my hair, which has a looser curl pattern was getting frizzy so that night I lightly misted it with my conditioner/water mix, and sealed it with some olive oil and twisted it in smaller sections compared to the rest of my hair. That helped and produced the results you can see in the picture I provided. I did not do it on the 4th night because I was tired and the next day had very frizzy hair. But it was good. By the end of the week my hair was still happy. No dryness and no single strand knots formed. I was very happy.
I am having a bit of a Fringe Problem. I’m growing it out at the moment, but this means that it just falls over one eye most of the time. Paul, my hairdresser, assures me that once it grows another inch, it will be long enough to sweep glamorously to one side and – hopefully – stay there. But until then, it just stays stubbornly glued to my left cheek. This effectively means that I am having a problem with depth perception and spend a lot of time walking into things. It also means that when its windy, my fringe covers my entire face and I am temporarily blinded.
I won’t speak for women in general but I think what makes me so attracted to fictional men like this is as follows:
A lot has been written about activism and how people do their bit of shouting and slogan chanting and go back to their normal lives, soon forgetting what they had demanded while they were doing it. They were giving their 2 paise towards the cause. I would like to give my 2 paise worth of opinion on the same thing.
the pillow
EAST BRUNSWICK, N.J.—By the time this is posted, the last two hours ever of the TV series 24 will have aired. I have a bit more to say about the series as a whole, but I figured I'd wait 'til it was all over before offering an appreciation/eulogy of sorts for a show that, this finale made me realize, I may miss more than I was expecting after basically tuning in and out this season. Jack Bauer, you will be missed...at least, until that oft-discussed big-screen movie of yours comes along.
Only yesterday it was the time of our lives
Hope you had a great time playing Vingo! I did! Next, we will be raffling off a necklace to benefit Granting Hope Ministries. Check back here for details soon! You won't want to miss this. It's a great deal for you, and helping out a great cause. :)
rambling summer days
Bad move?: Some celebrities slammed Chris Brown after he performed twice at the awards ceremony
Remember that photo I showed you all, of my little girl having an environmental allergy reaction? Hard to believe, but it got worse. If you missed it, you can see it here.
You can help people affected by disasters by making a donation to support American Red Cross Disaster Relief. You may donate at www.redcross.org or call 1-800-733-2767. Contributions may also be sent to your local chapter or American Red Cross, P. O. Box 37243, Washington, DC 20013. On rare occasions when donations exceed Red Cross expenses for a specific disaster, contributions are used to prepare for and serve victims of other disasters.
Lee Hoiby (below), a composer who was born and educated in Madison and who was especially known for his lyrical songs and operas as well as his outstanding craftsmanship, died Monday in New York. He was 85.
“178-88-4953” was Olivia’s quiet reply.
Sue should also of had a new Inkylicious order in now too and she has some fab new embossing folders and dies.
Just to put it right up front and centre, I haven’t read the books and I don’t really want to. However I saw the trailers and I was intrigued. Knowing that this movie is based off a book aimed at teenagers; can The Hunger Games be anything meaningful? As of writing this review the movie has made a heap of cash and so it’s apparent that the other two books will be adapted. So is this saga destined to be the next Harry Potter or the next Twilight?
The Christmas Secret ... INSP ... 8 PM
Buck Teeth Novelty Fun Baby Pacifier
Hominids have developed a nifty attribute through evolution, called a sentient brain. Call me crazy, but rather than throw away the work of a million years of evolution, why not use this quirk of biology to, yes, be skeptical of the unknown, but instead of going into blind panic and creation of boogeymen, to actually talk with, understand, figure out what the different people think, feel, believe and use that brain to reason out if there is a real threat, instead of pointing in fear and crying "Ah! Different! Bad! Kill it!"
December 8, 1985, and is available on DVD. The World
"Sam, over here!" Her father thundered. "The stand's over here!"
#4: There is STILL a pile of stuff that needs my attention in the corner.
Remove 2 cups of the broth and set aside for roux.
It had been well below freezing in South Louisiana for a whole week, and that does not happen very often.
This is admirable on one count, in that a Holllywood treatment would have insisted on a schmaltzier finale than the heartbreaking end of the original. This had me in tears when I read it but , sadly for the film, there was a dry eye in my house.
Sometimes curve balls are thrown our way in life, and it's all part of the journey. We certainly did NOT see this coming, we know God is in control, and it's all part of His divine plan. Big things are happening with my family and I will share soon. We have total faith in God that He has an amazing plan!!
Its a process, if done right, need only be done once. Everything after that would be tweaking and trimming. A gentle upkeep, to ensure habits dont creep back, and solidify into traits.
I was talking to a couple of guys at the beach Sunday and the wife of one of them was reading a book. I glanced at the book cover and, yes, it was Fifty Shades of Grey.
Visit williamsbrides.com for more information and to order tickets -- the price is higher if you wait to get them at the door on Sunday. After the event you can wander around Williamsburg, one of the city's hippest neighborhoods, or nabes if you're really cool.
got the smallest﻿ dick of the world! the﻿ 3 guys go to Guinness World
One for Peter, two for Paul,
The weight of the world leads to death, as no man on his own is able to bear it. Only Jesus, was able to take on the weight of the world for all time, as He extended His arms and allowed them to be nailed to the cross. In that moment, the time had come, where our burdens of sin and shame no longer remained before us to bear. The weight of our scorn, was eternally lifted from our shoulders, if we choose to bow before Him, granting Him access as Savior and Lord, to take away all of our trash.
You can find the EagleCam here; bookmark it if you want to see the fun. The moderated discussion, where you can find out what’s been happening, is to the right of the video. The cam is down right now, but should be fixed soon.
It takes a lot to pick up your feet after being dropped from one of the most renowned alternative rock labels in the US, but it takes something else altogether to come back bigger and more triumphant than before. Vegas pop rock heroes The Cab did exactly that after leaving Fueled By Ramen last year with the summer release of their immaculate sophomore record Symphony Soldier, paid for entirely out of their pocket and boasting co-writes with the likes of Bruno Mars and Adam Levine of Maroon 5. Fresh off their US co-headlining tour with The Summer Set, the band have released a live footage video for the song ‘La La’, the follow-up to lead single ‘Bad’, which was accompanied by a ‘video’ (the video was made up of stills of lead singer Alex DeLeon sharing a text conversation with a flirtatious lover) that went somewhat viral at the time of its release, gaining 2 million views in just 2 days. ‘La La’ is an ideal choice for a second single, particularly because it has a hooked so massive it’ll be firmly lodged in your brains for days on end. Switching between funky guitar led verses with breathy vocals and a chorus filled to the brim with burlesque-style piano glides, the song is reminiscent of a racier and edgier version of a Justin Timberlake song, which is by no means a bad thing, judging by the amount of global success the popstar has amounted through his career.
Oh! And later, after Daddy came home and we finished dinner and she was thinking it might be close to snack time, she crawled all over me purring! Do you think she's been into my drugs?
Jeans, daisy fuentes - Goodwill (A bit long, but that is my deal at 5'4")
That Braun came in the last pack of the box! I did get shorted a Relic (gee, wonder who's mutant boxes that fell into?) but between the Braun, Carpenter and Lincecum can I really complain?
If you need to mow the lawn, think of it as an exercise activity and make it fun. To work the lower body, take longer strides when pushing the lawn mower. Pushing the lawn mower works the chest and triceps muscles. Mowing a lawn can burn several hundred calories per hour. If you have any hills in your yard, the extra exertion means more calories burned.
Scatter the chocolate pieces on top of the pear and top with the the brown. Spread using a silicone spoon and top with almonds. Bake in the oven for 25-30 minutes. Serve warm.
Dress, Joe Fresh; skirt, thrifted; leggings, ???; shoes, Fly London; watch, Ushuaïa; out of focus photo, the fact that it was misting and I wanted to get inside ASAP
Did I mention that after Dad went to prison, Papa became disabled with arthritis and Mama trained and became a nurse? Sorry, I guess I have to backtrack a little again. I didn’t know at the time that Papa started drinking again when Dad went to Kilby, and wouldn’t until Mama started working the night shift at the hospital when I was 12. With Mama working at night, it fell to me to do a lot more of the housework, and when sweeping under Papa’s bed one day, I raked out 3 empty pint liquor bottles. When Mama was home, I asked her about them and she looked ashamed as she told me that Papa drank to ease the pain of the arthritis. That kite flew for a few months, but eventually I was getting up frequently during the night to get Papa up off the floor where he fell, get him into clean underwear, wipe the urine off the floor, and listen to Papa call me everything but a child of God. If I complained to Mama, she would say that it would get better (but she never clarified what “it” was) and things got so bad that I started asking her to take me and leave Papa. Her response to that was to tell me things weren’t “that bad.” Well, hell, how bad did “it” or “things” have to get? Because of Papa’s drinking and Mama’s night shifts, I was not allowed to have girl friends sleep over and consequently was rarely invited to sleep over with them. I resented Mama and Papa deeply for all the above and their inability or unwillingness to change anything. It didn’t dawn on me that Mama was just plain overwhelmed (and sick in the head from living with alcoholics) and that Papa was an alcoholic who didn’t know how to stop drinking. It didn’t dawn on me because I was just barely keeping my own head above water – socially, psychologically, and keeping family secrets, particularly about Papa’s drinking.
I heard Jim muttering about how I wouldn't really get good health care there, it's damp, and the Brit-ish aren't funny, and then he became one with his idiot box.
The next hour or so is all a haze! I'm at the round table, in the toilet again, I think! I even vaguely recall myself dancing with Karen Carpenter to a Wham song!
You know that Moen commercial where the lady plunks the faucet down on the table and tells the architect, "Design the house around THIS."
The ECJ had the possibility of clarifying an important matter and of establishing a uniform interpretation of EU Regulations 3295/94 and 1383/2003. It is now clear that customs authorities cannot suspend the release or detain goods (in order to immobilize them pending the determination to be made by the authority competent to take a substantive decision) under a suspensive customs procedure, which does not imply goods to be put into the EU market, unless there are indications giving rise to suspicion of fraudulent diversion into the EU market.
However, if we do science on the basis of consciousness, on the primacy of consciousness, then we can see in this phenomenon creativity, real creativity of consciousness. In other words, we can truly see that consciousness is operating creatively even in biology, even in the evolution of species. And so we can now fill up these gaps that conventional biology cannot explain with ideas which are essentially spiritual ideas, such as consciousness as the creator of the world.
Lastly, I want to make an additional smart remark about the office sign in the photo at the top of this post. If you look closely in the upper left-hand corner, you’ll see the Access logo — a family of four that’s either very close to each other or else congenitally conjoined. I thought such a rare condition as the latter could only be repaired by 20-hour-long separation surgery, but if it’s something that chiropractics can take care of, I’m all in favor of the less-traumatic course of treatment.
‘For as the Father has life in himself, so he has granted the Son to have life in himself’ John 5.26 NIV.
"Fine!" I huffed, and (in a word) I told him what he'd handed me.
Next, open your mind to the possibility that all those experts running our schools don't know everything about how kids learn, and they certainly don't know about *your kids*. You are the expert there. You know best how to engage your kids, what will intrigue them, and how to make learning fun and rewarding for them.
Obsessive is a bit of a recurring theme in my life. Beer. Pies. Music. In particular the sort of stuff the NME liked in my formative years. (Meat and potato, that's what the NME recommended. None of that revisionist beef and onion crap.)
Old Age versus new Age
This is another page and I got to use one of the all over punches that Martha Stewart makes. They are very cool and work really, really well.
YOU ARE IN COURT GET OFF YOUR GODDAMN CELL PHONE YOU DUMB FUCK.
The first normal day for a little while.‭ ‬I knew this was going to be the case when a jet powered bird erupted into flight from it’s hiding place in the herbaceous border.‭ ‬It streaked up into the sky leaving a trail of plastic bubbles behind it.‭ ‬I thought these would prove to be crisp packets but they turned out to be encapsulated snatches of song.‭ ‬Like islands it should be possible to swim between them.
can do anything. Estimates have a way of shaving the corners off dreams, if not scooping out their insides.
I can't believe we have been together that long and that I still haven't finished the poor guy's quilt!
But, first you must subscribe to this blog, so if you have been invited, please confirm. If not, you can subscribe to it yourself.
I really hope you liked my layout! If you get a chance to pick up some of My Mind's Eye, do it! It's so fun and cute. I could really see this being used for a little girl or an anniversary. It's just so soft and feminine. If you want to be updated when I make a new project, make sure to click the follow button on the right or enter your email address. Thanks for stopping by!
Serving suggestions
Laughter follows, they’re amateurs I have no doubt
Creative Living Room 1st Friday Storytime
Catharsis. I read Anne Carson's essay "Gender of Sound" on the plane - she spoke of a ritual that women of ancient Greece were allowed to undergo. A holiday where they were allowed to speak abuse, to make dirty jokes, to vomit at each other. One corraled-off space. Only one corraled-off day. Otherwise they were disciplined, asked to be quiet, policed for their behavior, for their wild open mouths, for their rawness, their emotion.
Patrick's talk was in Hall 2, where there was also an App Zone and a Digital Zone. Not to mention a Digital Lounge and a Digital Zone theatre. It was clear what the theme of the future was to be, even if agents and publishers were all beavering away in Hall 1 selling Rights on primarily paper books, with electronic Rights as a sort of add-on
If what I’ve written about God is true, then my 7 year old self had no reason to worry that there was a higher being who enjoyed seeing her suffer.
"And if I don't?"
the form c#, example c3, c11 etc. Enter ‘all’ to exclude all paths on all
The Hydraulic clamps are the strongest among other quick release clamps. These clamps are composed of hydraulic swing for power clamping. Their duty is mostly on pipe lines and other construction project.
Who Can Use It: Small and midsize businesses have the most to gain from guerilla marketing. However, even large companies with multiple, niche brands that have smaller target markets may employ guerilla marketing techniques to market their products and services. Any individual or company with a relatively small budget and lots of creativity, energy and time can implement a guerilla marketing campaign.
The V.I.P.s (Anthony Asquith, 1963)
I rate Father Melancholy's Daughter 9 of 10, an excellent book.
Crazy lady, livin' in a bag
White long-sleeve t-shirt.... that I cut slits into
Jim Gordon drums
13. Bruce Springsteen "Mary Queen of Arkansas" 5:22
This brew poured out of the can with a one finger white head that dissipated almost instantly after I poured it. It left no lacing on the glass. The body was a clear straw yellow with moderate carbonation, but not as much as I expected from the style. The nose was grass and a bit of spicy hops. It was definitely more fragrant than I’m used to from the style. The taste started with a bit of spicy hops and moved into earthy sweetness. The body as thicker than I’m used to for the style with generous carbonation. This brew was definitely crisp with low booze, making this a really easy drinker. The finish was relatively long with some spicy hops. For a style that I’m not a huge fan of, I would definitely have this again. It would go down easy on a summer day. Get this one, especially when it’s warm.
The tangy and delicious flavor is actually inspired by my blog buddy Kim at Stirring the Pot. She talks often about her love for mustard, and has even featured an amazing Dragon Ale mustard cheese from Whole Foods, which I now purchase every Christmas. While I was making the potatoes I felt the sauce was a bit bland and definitely needed a kick. In goes the rest of that creamy Dragon Ale cheese, along with a couple tablespoons of yellow mustard and we were all in cheesy, hammy (it's a word), heaven. Thanks Kim, your love for mustard saved our meal!
But I know everything happens for a reason. I feel it all of the time now. Too many things come together and make too much sense. I wish I could make sense of all these happenings. I wish I could read these signs. I like having control over my life. I like knowing where I’m going, where I’m headed. Change is coming, but what will it be?
Me: “It doesn’t matter. I’m working. I’m trying to WORK! I work from home and I can’t do it with you interrupting me all the time.”
Leviticus explains:
Barney is a talented abstract expressionist painter. He was diagnosed with schizophrenia nearly 35 years ago, at the age of 18. He became ill while studying art in New York City. Though his disease has taken a severe toll on his life and overall health, Barney has been able to paint off and on through most of it. It’s as though his talent was somehow sacred ground, and his disease circled around it but couldn’t steal it away. Still, Barney never finished college, has never held a job, had a relationship with a woman, or lived on his own. He’s been in and out of psych wards, residential inpatient facilities, and group boarding homes his entire adult life. My parents, my husband, my son, and I have all fumbled and bumbled our way through his illness, trying to come to terms with it – wrestling the beast to the ground. There have been many chapters of confusion, grief, anger, and exhaustion. I’ll spare you the details of our toil and sorrow, because in the bigger picture, Barney is a sweet success story. Here’s why.
I had orientation for my new job this past week so Naaman took care of both boys for three days in a row. Granted, it is not a very nice thing to be ripped apart very suddenly from your 7-week-old. I think Brigham was probably like, "Hey, WTF? Where's the boobs?" Naaman said he cried and fussed all day. I don't think I realized how much nursing is a comfort to him in addition to being his food source. But there's nothing I can do about that. He's going to have to get used to the bottle.
Welcome to the Accounts and Payroll blog page for the Voluntary and Community Sector within Stoke-on-Trent. The blog has been set up by VAST and is currently administrated by our Marketing Department.
“By getting the substantial shareholders to agree on a share sale proper, Sime Darby avoided facing a hostile takeover situation,” she said.
341From op'ning skies may streaming glories shine,
You might not think there’s any wisdom in a fucked up punk rock song
There's no easy way of living
It starts on Feb. 13th and goes to Feb. 18th.
Brien Jones is a fraud. He has deceived so many people that I’ve even lost count. And when he fails, rather than accept responsibility, whose fault is it? Bonnie Kaye’s. Yep, it is all my fault. I have become his modern day Snowball.
Cry out from crinkled lungs,
Saying it out loud reminded me of my failures, so tears came up again, salty and sore. I blinked hard and took a deep breath so I could stuff everything back down again.
Weight : 365g
yield: three 101/2-in crusts or four 8-in crusts
COOKED OVER AN OPEN FIRE
M. C. Pearson graduated from San Jose State University with a B. A. in art, served as a multi-media illustrator in the United States Army, earning the rank of sergeant, and spent four years as a house parent for at-risk youth. Now married over 20 years, she homeschools her two children, volunteers with her church youth group, and runs a book review blog alliance (FIRST Wild Card Tours) while writing and drawing. F.A.I.R.I.E.S.: Baptism by Fire is her first novel.
Remember: Costume jewelry wasn’t meant to last. Department stores had scads of options, and it was expected that women would buy at least one set of jewelry per outfit. This jewelry was meant to be lovely and rich looking – but disposable. The fact that a lot of the costume pieces out there today still exist is remarkable in itself. Add to that the craftsmanship, attention to detail, rich rhinestones, and general scarcity – and you have the perfect reason to get interested and start collecting!
“Pretty interesting work.You live in the valley here?”
The whole problem with the world is that fools and fanatics are always so certain of themselves, but wiser people so full of doubts-
If you want to know, read on. If not, stop here and go eat a cupcake. Actually, everyone should eat a cupcake while reading this. It'll take the edge off.
I was able to get 12 cards and 1-6x6 Scrap Page out of the kit
Does the gentleman on the right look familiar? You may remember the Timex commercials. He was their spokeman for twenty years. That's him, John Cameron Swayze.
“No, I’m not noteworthy,” Lewis Schaffer replied absentmindedly. “Anyway there’s one more. But there’s not enough room in this country for even four, because they hate American comedians here because we’re not one of the tribe… So I was working with Reg over at the Arts Theatre… I liked Reg. Same as Peter,” he said, nodding at the young guy sitting opposite him. “Just as soon as I met Peter, I liked the guy. Did you sense Lewis Schaffer liked you?”
The tour features additional support from A Skylit Drive, Stick To Your Guns, MyChildren MyBride and Make Me Famous. Full tour dates will be announced soon. Click HERE to watch a tour video with more info on the “Fight The Silence Tour.”
I am amazed not only by his fictional writings, but his writings on Christianity and theology as well. Lately, I have been jumping between his "Space Trilogy" and "Mere Christianity". Both wonderful and challenging in their own ways. I really think he hits so many things square on the head.
But first I want to show you my new nails! *3*
Ask my sister Sandy, who raised 3 ornery boys, before her easy daughter came. Nearly drove her up the wall. MAYBE, JUST MAYBE, it's the parents who need medication. She'd have enjoyed parenting a lot more, I'm sure. When I started medicating my son, in the ninety's, she told me that she could have chosen to medicate her children, but she chose not to. Today, they are all successful college graduates, living in fear that their own children will be just like them (every parent's effective curse upon their children).
So yeah, 2 months since my last post. What a blog winner I am. I think I always kinda sucked at journaling. I would keep a diary when I was younger and only last about 2 weeks and forget about it. I see a trend here, people.
here is why you should do the craftsy bom. it's free. seriously- a free sampler pattern is nothing to sneeze at! and- there are videos with amy making the blocks so it's like having help right there. my mom loves craftsy- and honestly- i'm a little slow. it's taken me a while to actually discover it's awesomeness. but i think i'm converted.
If you want your information removed from spokeo.com, there is a "Privacy" button on the bottom right of the page. Click on it and follow the information. You have to copy and paste the URL (web address) of your page, provide your e-mail address, and enter a code. Follow the steps to remove your info from the website. Unfortunately, I don't know if there are other similar websites which have our information. If you know of any, please let me know in the "comments" section so I can pass on the information to everyone.
How are you all?
Though I hadn’t asked,
When at last they had the chance to get out from under the socialist jackboot and vote for a superior and optimistic future, fewer than one in three could be bothered to get off their lardy arses and do it. Why not? Was there something good on 'Eastenders', that their Sky boxes paid for, by the rest of us workers couldn't record? Or were they just too thick to stand up for themselves like the rest of Scotland and see what damage has been done to their community over the years by Labour? That is the Labour who have used the tried and tested, 'mushroom' theory of keeping them in the dark and feeding them shit, over the last 60 years. It makes you wonder how many election irregularities will be picked up this time? Aye, but they'll tell you, "my family has always voted Labour since we came from the Irish potato famine/the Ayrshire coalmines/the Great Depression/the General Strike/the siege of Calcutta" and what is it you do now? "Well, I run my own business/I'm a university professor/I'm a senior manager/I'm a company director, etc, etc. Pricks!
We swept, raked and pitched hay for hours. It was dirty, dusty work but so worth it!
38.) I Have Always Supported Universal Health Care - NOT EXACTLY, your plan
“Oh man, that’s AWESOME. Best present of the year, hands down” he tooted not realizing that his wife looked down upon him with a cold stare that could freeze-kill most babies. Once he caught wind of the stare in his keen peripheral vision, he assured the crowd, “… after the Snuggie that my wife gave me, of course. Let’s reiterate shall we, number one present of the year, Snuggie from wife, number two, this amazing thoughtful present.”
Eggs for breakfast, or egg on my face?! Seems like we have both goin' on around here....
· Cheese
‘Gangsters de Paris’ was the evening’s theme, a look back at some famous affairs from the beginning of the 20th century. The venue was well chosen as it is situated close to the home of the first topic discussed, the infamous ‘Apache’ gangs who stalked Belleville at the turning of the new century. Sylvanie de Lutèce was able to point out local landmarks that featured in her story, and kept the audience gripped with tales of sharp-dressed hoodlums and ‘marmites’, the girlfriends of the gang members who often gave as good as they got.
I'm taking my Scottish theme deadly seriously. Just a warning. There will be lots, lots more in the coming weeks.
So no comic tomorrow and next Monday begins Semester Two.
So, let’s begin with Webster’s definition of the word exotic –
What I don't need are so called "professionals" who know absolutely nothing about attachment or therapeutic parenting or really anything about how to "handle" kids with anything other than threats and punishment - I don't need those people making insinuations and assumptions about my parenting. Even more so I need to remind myself that I don't care what they think - I know I am doing right by my son. I will pray that one day they will understand what we are trying to do. I will pray that they will reign in their harmful practices. I will pray that when they do one day realize how different their approach could have been that they will be able to forgive themselves because just as sure as I am that they are doing incredible harm I also know that their hearts are in the right place and they really believe they are doing good.
Use your utility knife to cut through the end paper and stitches holding the cover to the pages. But, carefully, so as not to cut any pages or the spine binding itself. Because we are going to recover that book when we're done, are we not?
The little butterflies are the leftovers from the Martha Stewart edger punch Pop up Butterfly. The bling and seam binding (Coloured with Crushed olive and Peeled paint) are from my stash.
How many should we target to email? Should we stick to a certain number of hits?
Goose Island Bourbon County Stout; Chicago, IL, Imperial Stout, 13% abv
Agnetha Faltskog - One Way Love (1985). Although this track from her second solo album conspicuously failed to bother the chart scorers over here, it sounds rather good to me, and certainly deserved better. She may well be singing over the top of a backing track here but who cares? It's Agnetha off of ABBA!
* A fifth bill mandates that the City Planning Commission analyze the economic impact of designation on the development potential of proposed landmark and instructs City Council to strongly weight this analysis.
(1) Real estate property subject to loans in NAMA to which receivers have been appointed. The receiver’s website is shown against each property.
It is endless and exhausting.
Food-wise, two purchases puffed up this figure. Earlier in the month, a mild playtime injury revealed that Bowdu was no longer as young and limber as he used to be, so we are introducing canine glucosamine, chondroiton, and MSM to his diet. At $12.99 for an 8 fl. oz bottle of K9 Glucosamine from Liquid Health from my local pet store, it’s certainly not as inexpensive as I had hoped it would be, particularly if we will be adding this long-term. Bowdu’s condition did improve with both time and supplements, so I think we should keep it up while I research other options.
From my vantage point, in central Alabama, the day began, literally, with pre-dawn tornado warnings and news that major damage had occurred in and around the Vestavia neighborhood of Cahaba Heights.
“If you remain in my word, you will truly be my disciples,
Please post your questions here and I’ll do my best to answer, or go to ‘contact’ and email me.
A few chips and my homemade choc chip cookies and the picnic was complete.
He saw the mob departing and came to make issues with me convincing him and me that it was my mistake to stand at the side of the road when he was travelling with his family. I had no words to revert and answered him that he should renew his licence if it was issued in mistake. People gathered again and he left.
There has been so much going on that I don't think I've even had time to breathe...
But nothing I do seems to please.
Various Artists - Hicks From The Sticks
Have a great weekend beauties!
In keeping with their goal to promote cultural integration and diversity, Culture Connect wish to bring communities from different ethnic and cultural groups together.''
1/2 cup corn flour
The access to this temple is to take an Enoshima Dentetsu train from Kamakura Station and get off at the 3rd station called “Hase-eki (Hase Station)”. You might recognize the name of the station as the word “Hase” is also in the temple located near the station. Hasedera will be on your left if you walk towards north from the station.
I can spot a cheap pen from a mile away and it kills me when I see people who spend a lot of time writing suffering with a trade show giveaway or a pen found in a box in the basement. Bad pens are easy to spot, journals are a little more difficult. An unlined journal that runs away yipping when faced with fountain pen ink might be perfect for someone out there… and on the other hand…a lined, heavy-weight, bleed-proof journal would not be appreciated by someone who uses those CVS pens.
Long term…I am thinking about working in missions. Not as a missionary per se, but as a counselor for the missionaries. This is a new thought and a new field which I’ve discovered. I don’t know entirely what a practice like this would look like yet, but every time I think about it, I feel excited, even refreshed. So I will researching this possibility.
- The explosion of Kindergarten to Grade12 online schooling
Well.. I am afraid that after a good few hours of research, that was all of the interesting Google related factoids that I was able to represent accurately. I hope that you have learned something interesting about the company whose awesomeness is directly proportional to their umm… AWESOMENESS!!
At this point, Lexi looked at me with fear. She looked as if she wanted to say something, so I just nodded at her.
change = opportunity...
She is the bravest person I know, physically, mentally, and emotionally. I’ll tell you one illustrative story. In the Fall of 2005 after hurricanes Katrina and Rita, we finally managed to get our family sailboat, the Zombie Princess, under the multiple bridges keeping us in New Orleans and escape to the open water of the Gulf of Mexico. We spent a couple of days resting at anchor behind a Mississippi barrier island waiting for a good weather window to make our crossing from there to Naples, Florida, then tucked in behind a squall front which was heading in our direction but ahead/away from us.
No, you are a living relic. It is my prayer this week, as you read about how the church assembled the sacred Scriptures, about those who contended for the faith, and those who died for it, that you will take comfort in this notion. And remember that your job is to make more relics just like you.
The Gaultier exhibition Jean Paul Gaultier From Sidewalk To Catwalk is currently in Montreal but will travel internationally over the next couple of years. It's not to be missed.
Place the baking sheet back in the fridge so that the chocolate can set.
In the May 19 issue of the Philadelphia Inquirer, he writes in a piece titled "Keep Beer in Beer Stores," "Now, I can't be the only person who sees a problem with making it easy to buy beer and gasoline in one convenient location."No, you're not, but just because two people think french-kissing makes girls pregnant doesn't mean we're going to be overrun with babies. People drive to gas stations to buy gas, sure, but they also drive to Beer Super to buy beer. Are the gasoline fumes going to drive them to drink to excess on the way home? There's nothing about buying gas that makes people more likely to drink. Is it the "ice-cold sixpack" "waved in their face" that Shipula brings up that's the problem at the gas station? Funny, because he also lauds people buying six-packs at Pennsylvania's restaurants and bars, most of which they're driving away with, judging by the parking lots at so many of them. I know there's no bar within walking distance of my house. Beer at gas stations driving people to drink is a bogeyman. It makes no sense in the light of day, or reason.
“We are so grateful for all of the love, support and prayers we have received,” Simpson said in a statement on her website. “This has been the greatest experience of our lives!!”
_____see.. i'm not just a funny sexy intelligent interesting and overall awesome guy.. I'm also modest.... wait what were we talking about (funny modesty quote status)
I keep reading through my posts, and all that has happened since…
But in the secret we discover,
Then he went to this verse in Isaiah:
‘F*** off! That’s entirely unacceptable, it’s not what we signed up for and is entirely non-negotiable,’ I calmly and politely express without raising my voice even a little bit. (The last bit is a blatant lie: Ange)
Querida família,
Arik stepped outside, and looking at Bantum with his hand covered in snow, shouted “What in the name of Omri’s beard is going on out here?!”
Often, our response to the mess is to create compartments in our hearts. We make the lists: house, marriage, kids, extended family, schedules, friends, food, hobbies . . . and Jesus. (Interesting how Jesus gets his own separate compartment.)
These whole wheat noodles were coated with a sesame-peanut sauce and mixed with snow peas, carrots, cucumbers, and seitan. Delicious! I wish the book had more than 10 recipes, but I know it's intended to be a supermarket guide rather than a cookbook.
The Realtor's Hymn. .........................I've Got a Mansion Just over
When I was a child in New Mexico, the highway north of El Paso was no highway. It was a mostly two-way dirt road that wound among the sand dunes between the city and Alamogordo, established by the railroad in 1899. When that perfectly straight Highway 54 was built, those responsible were mighty proud. Sand dunes had to be moved for some distance in order to build. Spring winds would shove the sand back in the path of the builders. It was an onerous task.
Nick and I have been going through some major growing pains together in the past few months. I have been feeling pretty empty and run down and it was affecting everything and everyone around me. I have been blessed with a pretty patient guy though so we had some long talks and probably longer arguments. I have taken steps to get myself out of my funk and get filled back up spiritually. Of course, school being back in session is really helping also. It has given me some breathing room.
Have a great smelling day!
Edward F. Geraghty, 45, Rockville Centre, N.Y.
Culture changes sex and love. In the west we can sleep with whoever we want within reason and no one thinks anything about you. If you do this in China you’ll soon find yourself with a reputation that wouldn’t even spark interest at home. I find sex in China has a real hypocritical tone to it. Men go to prostitutes all the time, cheat on their wives frequently (Not all men of course) yet it’s not ever frowned upon. Just leaving wives and girlfriends suffering in silence. If a Chinese woman pulled these tricks they’d find themselves unable to find a boyfriend, too many dirty things being said about them to count and a reputation that will follow them as long as they stick around.
"No other magazine has put a woman who's nearly seven feel tall on the cover," Editor Paul Merrill said, and he's probably correct in that assumption.
As we walked next door to the Surgicenter, I felt defeated, I was so embarassed and wanted to wear a shirt saying "failure to concieve" so everyone could see it and I didn't have to tell my story. At the surgericenter ... I felt terribly out of place, people coming in and out like no big deal, getting a tumor removed, or a toe fixed, but me... I felt like I was going to an abortion clinic. Not that there was anything I was doing that was causing an abortion, I just felt like this "quick, easy, and expensive way" that my Dr. suggested to get quick closer and get on with my life was not the right answer for me. Charles and I kept it as an option. Once we left, we continued to make phone calls and consult family, friends and Dr. on what to do next. We kept saying... "why us!?" why in the world did God decide this path for us, we were upset and frustrated. Once we notified my work of this, my boss brought me my laptop and wished us well. The overwhelming support from family, friends and the amazing scripture shared was so comforting, and still is. Once again guys, this is still very fresh on my mind and I am still in a battle here. We appreciate all the prayers we can get!
Brown-Forman's Jack Daniel's and Diageo's George Dickel are the only Tennessee whiskeys, except for some emerging micros, but Jack is the best-selling American whiskey in the world and George is no slouch either.
Ok, fast forward to today. The final muffin recipe I came up with is a light, not too sweet muffin that you can add just about anything you like. Nuts, chopped apples, granola, berries, raisins or even chocolate chips.
Why is that? Sin is always directly against God. GotQuestions.org puts it this way, "God is an eternal and infinite Being (Psalm 90:2). As a result, all sin requires an eternal punishment. God’s holy, perfect, and infinite character has been offended by our sin. Although to our finite minds our sin is limited in time, to God—who is outside of time—the sin He hates goes on and on. Our sin is eternally before Him and must be eternally punished in order to satisfy His holy justice."
When my son walked by, his jacket and tie were off,
The girls, hubby, Farouk & Alif's dad like the 'Asam Pedas Ikan Tenggiri' better. Farouk is very choosy about fish that he eats and like 'Ikan Tenggiri' (Mackerel) best. Noormy like 'Asam Pedas' with any fish as long as I add fresh pineapple slices into it. Soraya is not in favor of meat.
Duration: 1 hour
1 237 07:58
“Recovering our heritage is not the same thing as worshipping the past. We are committed to improving people’s quality of life,” said Millán. This has awakened interest in conservation and restoration work in Cienfuegos, he said.
To peep through pretend glasses, sprinkled with rhinestones, and tortouise shell rims.
4) Add ghee and mix using finger tips.
you want flowers, gifts, pedicures, manicures, candy and dates, but those things are
or the mouth or face of prisoners. I didn't mean to spray those women,
The powdered raspberries have returned and this time I'm using them to edge the glass, much like you'd use salt with a margarita.
” There’s more to it,Bhartii.Do you want to talk it out right now ?
Sandra Carey
But thank goodness for the wonders of technology today, we can email or even talk using a webcam and Skype to stay in touch when we can't be together in person.
He may not be in the picture but he is still there, travelling on ahead, making sure those metaphorical gates are still open for me.
Tra-la.
- typing @ in front of their user name
Yes, that is the general idea, we are out there to catch criminals, that is people who commit an offence so by saying that when you have been stopped for committing an offence doesn’t really wash. Are you saying that speeding or talking on a mobile phone whilst driving, which could kill someone, isn’t an offence? Please
Is there?
No outwardly impressing altruistic minds.
Furthermore, in the same article, USA Truck noted the scarcity of drivers. They reported a “$4.3 million loss; said 10% of its fleet of more than 2,200 trucks don’t have drivers.” Other carriers that have driver-related issues are Heartland Express and Knight Transportation among others.
Cook till it turns a light brown, about 10 to 12 minutes on medium heat.
Here are some of the products I used:
CoM: What are the most common newbie iPhone photographer mistakes?
This is a photograph taken back in the Summer of 2008.
Hey, calling it your job, ol’ hoss, sure don’t make it right
Earlier in the week, I shared my little wogging adventures with my iPod. If I have time and child care each day, my waddles through the soybean field provide daily fiber and keep writer’s blockage at bay. No matter how much fiber I take in, sometimes I just have to sit at this computer and strain. And it hurts!
C’MON!
Look at how Gibson Guitars has been treated. They have been raided multiple times, but they can’t defend themselves because in the last three years, this administration won’t say what crime they are charging them with. They are destroying a good and honest company that creates jobs and does business production here in America. Their crime – successful capitalism. Something Obama will not tolerate.
Nineteen local teens have curated an exhibit for the Brooklyn Historical Society that will open this Friday, June 5. "Pages of the Past: The Breukelen Adventures of Jasper Danckaerts" chronicles the voyage of Jasper Danckaerts through 17th century Brooklyn.
They loved to talk down the other person to us, “your mother does this,” “the bastard,” “the son of a bitch,” and so on. As my eldest brother got older, he began to try to protect me when my father’s anger was directed at me. But, this meant my dad trying to get physical with him, although my brother never gave in. There is one memory I confess I have no picture of, but my brother’s wife brought it up to me recently, saying he told her. I on the floor, very young, and my dad on top of me, inches from my face, yelling at me with his beat-red, as it gets when he yells. When Levi and Mitchell, the second eldest, stepped in my dad got a folding chair and chased them to their room with it, hollering at them when they locked themselves in. I remember the chair part, not me being yelled at.
like any other student at Brushwood High, awaits the start of the school year with a certain measure of dread. Worse, she is being threatened by a voice that only she can hear—a voice that lurks at the edges of her awareness, haunting her and warning her of something unknown. She has always been able to count on her two best friends,
Third.
but not long enough to meet and chat with all the people that I have connected with over the blogosphere during the past 10 months.
This backgrounder is called Shady Daisy, I know I love it!!!!! It is one of those backgrounders that can stand alone on a card. I did something different with mine, I stamped on canvas. You might also notice that I frayed the edges of the canvas before I adhered it to my card.
The 2 little boys and I are enjoying our morning walks.
“I didn’t realize that all that traffic was going to courthouse,” Ralph said.
I think I was about 14years old- sooooo long ago, when I saw, brought and got completely hooked on Betty. I was at the local markets with my mum and saw a long sleeved T-shirt with BB printed on it Wow-wee I spent entire months pocket money on it ($15) and I can proudly say I still have that shirt even if I cant squeeze into it any more :(
"I know you didn't, I didn't want you to."
Dialogue: 6,0:09:16.56,0:09:19.05,Default,,0000,0000,0000,,and the Manninbashi family that owns the mountainside.
There, I admitted it! Today, January 8th, it will be 70 degrees. I am in heaven.
I went to water this morning before work, and I saw I forgot to turn on the electric fence. The next thing I saw was the baby deer in my bean patch. It dashed out, and I plugged in the fence when I was done. I saw no damage since the beans haven’t sprouted, yet. My cukes are sprouting, already.
Air Force One landed at the Bagram base just north of Kabul and Obama was then flown by helicopter to President Hamid Karzai’s palace in the Afghan capital where the two leaders signed the partnership pact.
"This is just what we need," he said as the black and red engine car rumbled into view and blew its whistle twice. "A ride."
Yes. (sniff)
i’m not certain of what came through my mind when i said yes to that simple yet complicated question but i’m certain that i made the right decision.
"You must use extraordinary measures to tell an extraordinary story. This book might be a novel and it might not be a novel. The characters might be real and they might be fictions. Many of the events described happened or they did not.
If you would like to be featured on Small Review, please email me with the following information:
Shiner, TX 77984
This is a very easy meal to put together. If you are trying to save some time right before dinner, peel and devein your shrimp and chop your tomatoes and parsley ahead of time.
I took the kids inside and told The Agent what happened. He didn’t believe me. “DD#1 has never hurt anyone. That’s not what happened.” But then he took the kids outside the next day. BK happened to be bending over to pick up a toy and DD#1 rushed at him, snarling and snapping, scaring the bejesus out of everyone. The Agent thinks DD#1 must have thought that BK was going for the (empty) dog food dish, which was still a good two feet away from him. Maybe.
I love Quamichan Lake because you never know what you will see from one moment to the next.
Well, still at training and still having a wonderful week- all in all!
So, here's a little inspiration from Sassy Judy and the rest of the VERY SASSY design team to get you in the mood. Aren't they simply AMAZING! They should really put you in the mood for creating something AMAZING too!
Note: This review is based on an advanced reader's copy. I received a complimentary copy of this book to review.
The original rule (to the extent that it existed) was one disc, one slot, so I generally went with one disc from multi-disc compilations. But that rule annoyed me, so I have scrapped it in favor of No Compilations With More Than Two Discs And Keep Those To A Minimum. Here's what's different:
prides itself on its ethnic and cultural diversity. That's why it
We want to hear from you: What can we do to better represent the many people, departments, institutes, divisions and schools that make up the Quinnipiac community? In addition to contacting us through our social media platforms, you can call me at 203-582-3479 or email me at jamie.deloma@quinnipiac.edu.
On Friday night I went to a concert called "Do You Hear The People Sing".
3) Pain happens. What are you going to do about it? I really don’t like it when people say that they don’t like going through a hard time, or complain about it like they’re born with the right to always have it easy. No, you’re not. You have to have it as hard as the next person. No body LIKES to be hurt and no body likes for things to be difficult, but only you can shape the outcome of your pain and your hardships. One thing I realized is that being happy and for things to be good and perfect… well that’s amazing. Theoretically, that’s perfect. But I want you to honestly look at the moments that defined you in your life; the moments that shook you to your core, that made you question your values- were they ever the happy moments in your life? The lessons we learn, the moments that cause us to define who we are- are we honest? are we loyal? are we kind? are we judgmental?- are never the happy preppy moments. Pain pushes your limits, explodes your boundaries, tests your patience… it pushes you to be better, it pushes you to work harder and to never settle for anything than the best. Life taught me to embrace my pain, to look for the positive outcomes of it, and to allow it to push me way out of my comfort zone.
The rest of the Reds appearance hostility comes from University of Cincinnati fans – a fan base that may well have the biggest inferiority complex in the history of sports. That can happen when you are perpetually the second best football program in your state (third best probably when Jim Tressel had Youngstown State rolling) and have been the second best basketball team in your own city for the lion’s share of the last two decades (Go Muskies!). Plus it’s almost like Bearcats fans still blame UK for them having to hold the ball for hours on end when the basketball teams met in that 24-11, 1983 thriller. Yeah, you read that right. It happened in NINETEEN 83, not 1883 and I said basketball, not foootball.
Last year, Representative Barney Frank, (D-MA) sponsored a bill, H.R.2306- Ending Federal Marijuana Prohibition Act of 2011. The bill would amend the Controlled Substances Act so that marijuana would no longer be considered a scheduled drug, allowing states to establish their own laws and regulations. The only federal authority that would remain would be prevention of marijuana traveling over state borders in violation of the individual states’ laws.
I'm the type of person who doesn't sort of make decisions or have epiphanies in one fell swoop. So I would have to say there were a number of moments when I sort of realized that I was in love with Julie... I think when I had a wonderful moment when I had this gut reaction was when Julie had just gotten back from the airport from visiting her sisters, and she had all her luggage, and she just looked so beautiful and she had this big smile on her face and we hugged and she gave me a kiss on the cheek and I had that butterfly feeling and I started thinking about dating Julie right at that very moment. I had liked Julie before that but I hadn't sustained the emotion before that previous moment. I had thought about it before, but I hadn't known. But then that moment, when you walked in, you were radiant and smiling and I felt all light hearted and I couldn't think about other things for awhile and I was just thinking about you.
The two Italian beat scientists Colossius and UXO have come together to form Agents of Decay, a sound experiment akin to a distant broadcast of some sort of post-apocalyptic radio show, that somehow got filtered through Europe in the 80's before being picked up on the emergency radio that you were hoping to hear important news on.
After a bout of self-doubt, some intense deliberation and a few glasses of amaretto on the rocks, I decided the sprained neck story was too good to withhold. The best part? It was so terribly awkward and ridiculous that my best friend, who went to film school, decided to make an entire short film based on the incident. Who starred in that film you ask? MOI! So not only can I tell you the story, but I also have the benefit of having screen shots for look-at-the-picture types like myself.
Before I show you I went to a copic class yesterday and had a great time learning how to use copic's. The lady that taught was very pleasant and a very good teacher. Whether I get Copic's is another matter but will surely think about it in the future. I have just got myself some Promarkers so the lessons were very helpful for them as well. Her name is Jenny and she has now become a follower on my blog. How nice is that.
While we realise this will be disappointing for our eligible policyholders, it does reflect the nature of the current exceptional investment market conditions. We expect to be able to update policyholders in the next few months."
CHEERS to the New Year!
So, why is it that so many people love a children's book in which a parent is celebrated for acting in exactly the same way as our imaginary father on the basketball court?
Solar particles by themselves don’t cause severe space weather, but they get energized when the solar magnetic field becomes oppositely-directed to Earth’s own field and reconnects, rather like a load of iron filings in the proximity of a magnet.
The passel of hogs,
Can't wait to hear what you think!
I’d say that a little more then half of women in my neighborhood are stay at home moms, and the ones who work wish they didn’t have to. The cost of living around here is high, so many women have to return to work full time after maternity leave runs out. Women with relatively wealthy husbands and/or trust funds, as many liberals are, stay home. Unless they have truly illustrious careers, which, by definition, few do, there is no point. Who wants to go back to that associate position, putting in 80 hours a week, while pumping and freezing and worrying herself silly about that diaper rash?
you hear that far too much when you try to talk about this sport. I’ll be the first to admit that it really isn’t much in the way of motorsports, but the competition is fierce. People often assume that you need high speeds to get that “sweaty palm” sensation when racing. What I like about auto crossing is that it is a sport that demands precision driving over raw speed. Each course is supposed to be unique, but we do repeat our favorite course layouts every now and then to see if we can better our previous results. The driving precision and unique course designs really lead to some significant challenges to the driver. When you are participating in an event, you typically get 3 runs. Like baseball, you get 3 strikes to get on base, you have 3 runs to get your best time.
Sierra Nevada Brewer's Reserve Grand Cru
There are four categories for which one may sew and each entrant is welcome to submit as many projects as desired within each category. Each entry will be judged according to quality of construction (as best we can tell online!) and creativity.
Inspiration is the urge,
How did it become normal, or for that matter even acceptable, to refer to medical patients as “consumers”? The relationship between patient and doctor used to be considered something special, almost sacred. Now politicians and supposed reformers talk about the act of receiving care as if it were no different from a commercial transaction, like buying a car — and their only complaint is that it isn’t commercial enough.What has gone wrong with us?
At the federal level, Sen. Dick Durbin has introduced S. 1452, the “Main Street Fairness Act” and has sponsored S. 1832, the “Marketplace Fairness Act.” Any time you see or hear the words “fair” or “fairness” it is a subterfuge for the redistribution of your wealth and the right of the government to know every aspect of your life. The Durbin legislation would require online retailers to pay sale tax on their transactions, thus yield million for state government.
An essential feature of internalism is that it makes a subject's actual or potential awareness of some justification-contributor a necessary condition for the justification of any belief held by that subject.
They live in lovely areas or safely in gated communities and this shows their real motive - loathing of their own people and fear of offending other ethnic groups. The profession of guilt is egotistical and makes them feel virtuous.
What is that sound high in the air
*I like using my heavy-duty mixer to make my breads, so that’s the technique described in the recipe. The recipe will work equally well if you knead by hand or use the dough cycle on your bread machine. Use whichever technique works best for you.
MUST MUST MUST READ!
I will praise You, for I am fearfully and wonderfully made; Marvelous are Your works, And that my soul knows very well.
It just so happens that all of today’s picks are Nature themed…
Doug Holder: Both of you seem to be all about community--and this of course is strongly expressed in the Mass. Poetry Festival.
of years ago on opencourtresources.com.
* Activate a loud alarm, even if your phone or tablet is on silent
All these years, I have been swimming in that ocean trying to go against the flow….
All the bedside curtains in the hospital have this lovely map of local landmarks printed on them – I’m not sure where to start with how wrong it all is. The colour scheme is not very easy on the eye, and because only three shades are in use, Castell Coch (Red Castle) has ended up being sky blue.
I know that many of us are gearing up for standardized testing this month (or maybe have just finished testing). Honestly, I'm dreading giving the test to my students. My students are at least a grade level below in reading ability, and it feels like I'm torturing them to give them the test. They've made so much progress this year, but I don't know if the FCAT (our state test) will show how much progress they've made since they're below grade level. All I can do is hope for the best for them and try to make their experience positive.
Philosopher, psychonaut and astral traveler, Terence McKenna, before he died in 2000, believed that we would become consistently and more purposefully attracted by the Eschaton — his anomalous state of ‘unknowing’, a ‘transcendental object at the End of Time’, which draws us into awareness of the ‘New’ — and that time would speed up to such an extent that in those End-days, we might be unable to experience the passage of time in the same way we did even one decade ago; indeed, compared with the concept of time of a generation, a century ago, we are already surpassing such reckoning monthly, weekly, daily. He believed this ‘Attractor’ will speed us up even more. Hence those of us aware that the phenomenon is happening are better equipped to handle the transition from ‘old human’ to New Human.
2) Observe and Report
Julia Quinn kept the characters going with Simon’s past haunting him and Daphne’s over protective family hounding her every step.
As Mr. Wolf (of Pulp Fiction fame) would say: "Stay out of trouble, you crazy kids."
It's just such a wonderful piece. The colors are amazing and subtle, and it's much lighter than I thought it would be. This is going to make a truly fantastic beaded necklace, and something that I intend to wear to remind myself to lighten up once in a while and to let myself smile!
The purity aspect was not easy. Because vodka is colorless and odorless people assume it must be pure. But in many cases it is far from it. Chemicals and oils are used to “smooth out” the product. As you can imagine I too was shocked to learn this. I was like everyone else. I believed vodka must be pure. When I found out that it wasn’t, it seemed natural to produce completely pure and clean vodka for people to enjoy. We did a lot of taste testing. The challenge for us was to produce a pure product yet still have incredible smoothness and mouth-feel and to have minimal burn on the throat.
No, I didn’t have an editor, but I did use lots of critical friends and used the pupils in my class to test out the books. I also had the great Herbie Brennan, best selling international author of Faerie Wars. I sent the first book to him and he loved it. He gave me a lovely quote to put on the front cover - wonderful accolade that no editor could have provided.
The Bourne version, on the other hand, ultimately lets Kim and, since they are not as popular or revered as her, the Suburbanites off for their crimes. By having Edward evaporate at the end of the dance kills the emotional impact of the production because Edward ceases to be what he had to be all along, a real person capable of being harmed. Bourne’s version is much more gilded with pleasure, more candyland than Goth. Edward gets lost in it.
with the Americans.”
Since I was working out on my back deck I didn't feel like hauling the stability ball outside (nevermind that I brought my yoga mat and my handweights out there). So I just did my crunches on the floor. I did two sets of each move and my abs were burning by the end.
Fuel.ph is an advocacy cafe that calls for the courage to pursue one’s passion! I met the team behind this in the EntrepreneurShift event a month ago, and was utterly delighted to know that such a group is cultivating a community space for the “cultural creatives” of Iloilo!
LSU gave the numbnuts (Haas) permission to speak, but not a burn permit. When the graduate communication student got up to speak in the "free speech" area, he basically got his commie ass chased off the campus--literally--by an angry mob.
It was during this period of optimism that we joined friends on a sunny, Sunday afternoon for drinks and food in a beautiful garden. I was with a group of people I felt at ease with. Some of these friends knew how bad I had been. Others simply knew I hadn’t been right. But in the warmth of that garden all seemed well. My world that day did appear to be rose tinted.
Hi Friend,
Those, who had walked with him in the rain.
WASHINGTON, DC – The Pentagon was inundated with so many studies in 2010 that it commissioned a study to determined how much it cost to produce all those studies.
— Recognize that private people have a greater right to control information about themselves than do public officials and others who seek power, influence or attention. Only an overriding public need can justify intrusion into anyone’s privacy.
But now the time has come for her to give it a try, and she really has a good hand at it!
I hope you all had a wonderful Christmas! Ours was fabulous once Superman finally made it home. I'm finally able to catch my breath and start to think beyond the holiday, however, and thought I'd share with you the t-shirt project I did to go with the Christmas pajamas I told you about last week.
Good morning friends and welcome to my little blog, a blog that wordpress has apparently decided to use its ‘visual’ writing system on, which has a lot of problems, and probably means that whatever videos I post in future are going to be a bitch to make appear on the page. Thank you wordpress for your infallible creative choices!
This variety is on the list of great plant picks. It is suitable for the landscape or container use.
Serendipity 7 is my venture with my soul friend, Marcie. It is all things vintage, up cycled and good. I love it....we are getting ready for our first vintage sale on April 21st....this is working for me. I am loving everything about it! Time with my soul friend, a new challenge, creating awesomeness.
Recently I received an e-mail from an up-and-comer, a newbie biker training to take on the heavy-weight roadway of the world, the one, the only, the formidable Panamericana. Jab, jab, feint. Yeah, Alaska to southern Argentina like it’s its job. Jab, jab, uppercut. Spit.
It seems like it should be so simple, and yet every so often I still find myself out and about without a water bottle. I know it's totally illogical, but I cannot bring myself to buy water - it just seems too pathetic. So what do I do? I buy some kind of flavoured drink instead - which is actually worse for me, more of a waste, and doesn't even work as well as a thirst quencher - numbers, sugar, packaging, and marketing. But at least I'm not buying water!
This week a dear bloggy friend, Jedjidja, wrote a post on a memory of her grandparents visting her as a child. This reminded me of my great grandmother. For those who do not know, I was raised by my grandparents. So my relationsip with them is more of a child/parent relationship. My relationship with my great grandmother (my maternal grandmother's mom) is the relationship I think of when I think grandparent relationship.
Authorities say all of the girls have been found safe.
But the German-funded project, initiated by Israeli volunteers, is now in danger. Israeli authorities are threatening to demolish the installations in six of the 16 remote West Bank communities being illuminated by alternative energy, arguing the panels and turbines were installed without permits.
My idea for this year was that I would spread the prints out on the carpet and we would take some time to freely examine and talk about them. I've found that, as I did with Josephine, talking to the children about the "stories" we may or may not see in the paintings is a good way to start a dialog. Sometimes, of course, there is something in the subject matter that the kids want to start with (the depiction of guns or crowns often does this), but almost always, if the painting is going to hold their interest, there must be a way to support some sort of narrative. And I will freely admit that this may simply be a function of me being the teacher, a guy for whom literature sits on the throne in the hierarchy of art-forms.
The present government, after a rare consensus based agreement, with all opposition political groups including the Gorkha Janmukti Morhca in tow, decided to officially rename West Bengal as Paschim Banga ( pronounced Poshchim Bwango). This name is simply a translation of the name West Bengal in Bangla. To me, this name brings more respite than elation. Name changing exercises are either cosmetic or cheap tricks to serve reactionary political agendas. In this case, the dropping of the reference to ‘West’ could have achieved something silently damaging.That this was thwarted is a big respite. Not that I would mind if ‘West Bengal’ was not perturbed. As Ashis Nandy often states, all cosmopolitan geographies have multiple names. Calcutta, Kolkata and Kalkatta may be geographically similar, but they reflect differently poised parts of the city and indeed different cities within the city. Such is the name for West Bengal. Poshchim Bwango is the name by which a large number of its inhabitants are used to calling it anyway.The popular constituency of Poshchim Bawngo is clearly larger than that of West Bengal, and in that sense, the ‘official’ political name now is more aligned to what most people call it in real-life, Poshchim Bawngo or Poshchim Bangla, rather than West Bengal. Not that I would mind if ‘West Bengal’ was not perturbed. I come exactly from the social milieu who do daily treks between ‘West Bengal’ and ‘Poshchim Bawngo’, depending on the situation. ‘West Bengal’ is a name that is inaccessible to a large portion of the population.
If you want your relationship to work, never exacerbate the problem, always deal the problem from the time it started to creep in, otherwise it will eat you up. Working out your problem doesn’t mean you will agree with your partner, but you need to understand. If you truly love your partner it will be easy to do what your partner wants you to do, pleasing your partner is your top priority.
With a small bowl of cold water beside you, wet hands and quickly roll about a teaspoon of the matzoh ball mixture between your palms into a ball and place on a plate.
If it's after 12:00 noon where you live, I won't tell anybody if you grab a beer...
Good Luck to you all with this challenge!
Charlotte has a humid subtropical climate … in normal words? It has 4 distinct seasons. Average highs range from 50-90 and average lows range from -5-50. Overall more temperate and less precipitation than Chicago.
my skin is so white,
I tried to make the top of the bag to mimic somewhat of a rooftop like where a Fairy might be found living...lol. I thought the paper was perfect because it gave kind of a Fairyland vibe. I added Stickles to most of the little purple dots around the Wand so as when she Wobbles she will sprinkle fairy dust all around....wow, I should write a story...lol...lol..lol. I really do like the way this turned out and will definitely be making more.﻿
‘are you a Nigerian’
“The Lord is my strength and my shield; my heart trusts in him and I am helped. My heart leaps for joy and I will give thanks to him in song.” – Psalm 28:7
good to be true, we'll just have to wait and see. The best result of this
My shins were hurting and it was time to get all Dr Google on their ass.
In the next I would try to commit more errors.
Served it with tossed salad and had a fantastic meal with leftovers to spare.
- green roof with plantings to reduce heating and cooling costs
I very much disliked my doctor in Yakima. I went to him a couple days after the emergency room visit, and felt like he was not concerned about me, and wasn't taking my worries seriously (like I was overreacting to the obviously fine situation). Brian thinks I was too judgemental on the doctor, but I have assured him that it is my right to like my doctor, and feel like he is taking care of me and the baby. So bravely, (unlike my usual) I asked him to refer me to a specialist who deals with high risk pregnancy. He told me that everything was fine, and I didn't need it, but if it would make me feel better he could refer me. It did make me feel better.
I wonder how reflective this is of mealtimes across Scotland these days, and what The Bard might have made of it all…
The third annual Asian Food Fest will be held on May 19 & 20, 2012 on Freedom Way at The Banks, located between Paul Brown Stadium and the Great American Ball Park in downtown Cincinnati. The festival will feature food from various countries such as Vietnam, Thailand, Philippines, India, Indonesia, and many more. There will also be local craft and Asian beer, live entertainment, children games, and fireworks by Arthur Rozzi Pyrotechnics on Saturday night.
Instead, I took a look down at the poor fluff that I'm always ripping out and suddenly felt quite sorry for it: 'You know what? I think it could do with a wee tartan bow and some glitter.'
There has long been a debate about wether or not to include sex scenes in YA books, and I am of the mindset that teens are not as niave as parents would like to think. They are surrounded by sex. TV, movies, music, music videos, books. It's everywhere. They are thinking about it. They're talking about it. Some are already doing it. When I was 14 I was devouring my mom's romance novels. So, I write my scenes with that knowledge. I feel I owe it to my readers to be true to the characters. To follow the scene through. Not just fade to black, like some writers do. Keep in mind my love scenes in my YA are very different than my adult work, but the act is still there. I also feel it's my responsibility to show it in a responsible way. The purpose of the scene isn't to titilate the reader, but to show the growing and changing love between the two characters.
So is everybody tired of seeing these boots? Sorry, I apologize. It's really to bad though because I am completely in love with them right now. I think I may have been having boot withdrawals worse than I thought over the summer. Every morning after reading all of you lovelies I go to my closet with every intention of wearing something else. I try and I try to wear some other form of shoery, (not a word, I know) but they call to me in this alluring voice and I just can't help myself.
Aside from a 15 minute period where he went off to do his morning prayers, we hung out at the airplane and watched the sun finally rise. And yes, he is Muslim and no, he wasn't trying to blow me up or chop my head off. Which sort of lends credence to all Muslims are not fanatic jihadist theories.
~ My tribe. It sounds cliché, but I have an incredible group of girlfriends. Its true that you need a village and I have one.
"What does she do, teleport?" Sam fought a chuckle as she pictured her mum vanishing, bit by bit, like a Star Trek character.
kk well I am starving, I'm gonna go grab some lunch!
~ Chef Megs
Now on to this week's challenge - it's an ABC Challenge. Here is what you have to include in your project:
LGBT community
The previous Saturday a package arrived from England, it was my winnings from Jeanne’s give-away at Collage of Life. The package, to no fault of Jeanne’s husband who mailed all five for her, appears to have taken the long way via the Panama Canal, whereas Donna’s traveled over the North Pole, for hers arrived one week before mine and we are practically neighbors. Later I learned from Jeanne that one of the remaining three packages arrived in Australia while the other two to Germany and France were also delayed, making it seem they were being hand delivered by row boat over the English Channel. So trying to figure out the postal delivery system is best left to the bureaucracy who really never know what is going on anyway. All in all, you see the package arrived safely and with no damage.
make his
3 - Bill Anderson - Still - 2:50
the awakening of dormant stones,
So having regrets is definitely tied into the decision making process and the ability to have confidence in yourself. And, if it doesn't work out, we have to learn how to deal with it better. Anger and frustration are a fiesty pair that lead you down a tumultuous path. You're better off not inviting them into your lives.
First I mixed up my favorite Buttercream Recipe, shared with me by my dear friend Amy. Next, I assembled the materials for piping: piping bag, a coupler and large star tip, small paintbrush, and gel coloring.
Golden King – 1500 gold + Guild level 25
The total kit, with shipping and punch, was under 140 bucks. If a person were to also order a pre-post travel adjustable trigger from CZ-custom at the same time, they could go from a pretty good stock trigger to an excellent one in about an hour with well under 200 bucks invested.
Acts 22:22
This is our third week of donors and I want to give a special shout out to some of you who can't donate but are doing what you can to help spread the word about the drive:
Narrative of the former boss of the company that controls gas about the difference in the principles of construction of the gas transport systems of Russia and the USA.
“We cannot be unanimous on the balance of probabilities whether or not there was an opportunity to attempt arrest in accordance with the Yellow Card (British Army rules on soldiers opening fire) prior to the soldiers feeling compromised.
see what the commotion was. I think they were warning each other about
Hi Readers — Here’s a New York Times piece about a reporter’s adventures in babyproofing. She sort of laments the idea that parents hire pricey professional babyproofers as a way to feel “officially” safe.
The group remains active and still frequently tours the Globe.
The Voters, who were Quite Uncouth,
And after the Office Christmas Bake-Off came the Office Christmas Lunch.
Various Orks
In the course of this post I’ve tried to clarify my approach to the philosophy of normativity. In doing so I’ve sketched my explanatory strategy for dealing with the various different normative notions and the relations I see them standing in. I’ve tried to show how a Kantian approach to the relation between the two ways of conceiving the ought (in terms of obligations to act and in terms of ideal states) is situated in relation to its historical alternatives, and suggested why such an approach is preferable to these alternatives. I’ve then shown how Brandom’s account of practical reasoning allows us to understand the ought of action, and suggested how this can be used to explain the relationship between the notions of correctness and value.
The best of British at the V&A this April and beyond. Focusing on the period from when London first hosted the Olympic games in 1948, the ‘Innovation in the Modern Age’ exhibition draws on design from all quarters. With architecture, graphics, even an E-type Jag on display, and with more than a nod to the political world, this exhibition is worth a wander for the over 300 iconic designs on show.
Jordan EK, et al. Fetal damage caused by parvoviral infections. Reprod Toxicol 1994; 8: 161-189.
Anah Daata Sukhi Bhava!!!
Augusto Pinochet: murderer, tyrant. Believed in Jesus.
- A D-ring to attach a small zipped clutch for valuables
I recently realized that I have a back log of half-written articles. In an attempt to get most of these out of the “draft” pile, I’ve started creating shorter, informal posts that I’ll publish as “Ramblings.” These are much less researched or fleshed out than my other posts, and are more opinion pieces written in a more free-flowing style. I welcome any feedback or corrections.
So Today is the day for the Writer's Voice competition. I'm participating because it's different than any other contest I've seen on the blogosphere and it sounds like a lot of fun. Here's hoping I get picked.
Only recently have I tried an archaeology addon to help things out, because I didn’t think I needed to. While that is definitely true, as for the most part it’s just a matter of flying around, the one that I picked up is a very nice addition.
out his tool shed
Put yourself in their place what would you do if you were them? Are you too special to think for yourself. Chosen to have a constantly repeated reduced set of instructions to shamble through every day. Driven to reduce all others to that simple set of rules. Ancient and backward. Simplified jinnbitchboys on Darkness’ monotonous chessboard.
Home cooking is the key. I want to order in, have my life delivered to the door. The takeout menus entice me. From three courses on china to burgers handed through sliding windows, it all sounds good and I request all for take home. But this is not the way. I must light the flame and chop the veg. I can’t have a life prepared by others. I can share recipes and suggestions; this is help not displacement. I can stand and cook with others and together make the feast. I cannot sit and wait to be served. I stand at the range while the sauce simmers and it comes clear; I am my own meal.
And she took a swipe at the goings on during the Polokwane elective conference in 2007 which saw Jacob Zuma turn the table on Thabo Mbeki. Hani said she was not ashamed to say that “what happened in Polokwane was wrong because we look stupid. Today we want Zuma then the next day we do not want Zuma. We love the ANC but the problem is greed for power, money and positions”.
Called an Alcubierre drive, named after the physicist who first proposed it, the effect would really be a kind of mathematically augmented architecture that alters the local structure of the universe.
This is probably the corniest disaster movie I have ever seen in my life. I didn't think such a thing was possible without Irwin Allen somewhere nearby, but I guess Ronald Neame will do. The director of this disastrous disaster is ALSO the man who lensed films like The Prime of Miss Jean Brodie, The Poseidon Adventure, The Odessa File, and even two great Walter Matthau films (Hopscotch, First Monday In October). That being said, Meteor looks like something that has the earmarks of a made-for-TV movie with a cast that would have made Michael Todd salivate. Even when buildings collapse, subways crumble into muddy blobs and explosions bloom here and there, there's something kind of "off" about what's happening in front of us. I have a theory about that, but I'll get there....
For Easter I spent the weekend visiting family. There was a big family dinner and at some point during the evening my son, who is almost two and a half, was stacking small paint containers to make a tower. His intention was to stack them as high as he could and then watch them topple. Now these paint containers were fairly narrow, just slim cylinders, and not very stable… he had to stack them top to top and then bottom to bottom. However he would consistently stack four and on the fifth intentionally make it topple. After a while another family member joined in stacking their own tower. However, unlike my son who would simply stack up the tower the other family member would cautiously take their time so as to be sure the tower wouldn’t topple. How was it that my two and a half year old son could consistently stack the tower without even stopping for a moment to consider if it was stable or not?
Me: (still smiling) it’s the word we use to say it goes around the sun.
Without question, the Beatles’ interest in Krsna Consciousness helped to spark this revolution. But it was also the presence of the devotees, who brought Lord Caitanya’s Sankirtana mission to towns and villages on every continent, that caused this Krsna Conscious musical proliferation to occur.
“Fine.”
Even worse the so-called "Reformed" churches these days are to one degree or another liberal. Most have either deleted or added to the classical confessions of faith which are supposed to provide a catholic or universal basis for Christian doctrine and fellowship. Most modern Reformed churches have either caved to a form of semi-neo-orthodoxy or semi-Arminianism (read three points of common grace, God's unfulfilled desire to save the reprobate, the well meant offer).
May 15th is the anniversary date of my ACL surgery. I almost forgot about writing my anniversary post! I remembered yesterday when I saw a person walking around the grocery store with an ACL brace.
I came across lots of other roses away from the river in Olde Towne (I hate this spelling). The ones below are more Knockouts and what I think are Graham Thomas, one of the David Austin roses. These were growing behind the Pass House where 150 years ago citizens in Union occupied Portsmouth obtained a pass to travel across the river to Confederate Norfolk.
As a matter of fact.
Gerald gazed into the middle distance… Life was made you made of it, wasn’t it…? Well, if it was a test - and it probably was – he’d show them. If they weren’t going to take him seriously then he’d have to encourage them to do so. He’d elevate himself a bit, do something dramatic and spectacular so they couldn’t help but pay attention and invite him to join them. Gerald’s beady black eyes glinted. Yes, he’d make something of himself. Of course just how he’d do it eluded him for the moment. But something was bound to turn up. He heaved himself off his red velvet chaise-longue and waddled over across the room.
Thought 3. I believe Thought 2 firmly until the crispy turkey skin smell starts invading the house. Then Thought 2 becomes downright silly, and what am I saying? Of course I'm going to eat what I cooked. The turkey skin is my favorite part. Stuffing has now become Second Favorite Food.
The same goes for publishing: the changes that have been rocking the industry for years are constantly producing opportunities. Borders went out of business; some independent stores are seeing growth as a result. The industry is transitioning over to a digital format for a substantial subset of its titles; some authors have found new audiences in the e-book format. And so on and so forth.
Rapidly crossing the West with springy gait and descending the
Matt: Have you seen a 9-volt battery?
Next stop was the Provinciehuis, a pavilion built at the end of the 18th century to house the art and antique collection of Henri Hope, an Amsterdam banker. It is now the home of the Noord-Holland provincial council.
Still, I’m happy in this undemonstrative, rural place. In my conversations with it, I know, once more, who I am. It inundates me continually with mystery, because its nature is too complex to be fully known. (italics mine)[5]
“Even a Child is known by his deeds”. Proverbs 20:11
Level 16: MP Cost: 15, Duration: 160 seconds.
We shot in different places and put them all together. The interiors of the homes were in Pollachi in Tamil Nadu. The exteriors were in Kasargod in Kerala. The first half has a lot of blues. I remember watching British films shot in winter that would set navy blue against green.
It’s your job to sometimes think out loud, to initiate interesting conversations, and to be open for discussion where you may have just shut the door before. It’s your job to realize that your child will have different opinions and thoughts than you do, and to respect that and perhaps even broaden your own world from it.
Which I guess is alright enough.
Boehner promoted that strategy on Fox News Sunday, telling host Chris Wallace that “there’s going to be a two-stage process. It’s not physically possible to do all of this in one step.” In a barbed aside, he added: “I know the president’s worried about his next election. But my God, shouldn’t we be worried about the country?”… – WaPo, 7-24-11
But, you know, I’ve been sitting in this chair for too long and that’s not healthy. I feel the need to…dance! Yeah! Come on…everybody dance! Watusi! Yay!
I can tell you that our God made Himself known this morning. We saw His grace all around us from the moment we woke up. Thank you ladies for holding us up today.
The whole idea of this expedition is to help to socialise rescue cats, so they can get used to nice people and then go on to nice people’s homes. There must be about thirty of them, and they smell. Not so much of cat, but because it’s dinner time and there are bowls of steaming cat food everywhere being eagerly gobbled up by little furry critters. Plus, I think, the odd accident. Ms M and me spend half an hour stroking every cat that’ll come near us. Surprisingly, they’re all purry and friendly and seem to be happy to gather in our laps. Ms M is entranced. “They’re so unbelievably cute!”
“Ok, let’s go home.”
Tim Wise,
That’s the secret, flavourful gentle kicker that is both east-west mysterious. I have even tried peeled and seeded ripe lichees also –lovely. They are married with fresh blueberries or another berry. Lichees taste like a fragrant grape.
The reason for these high sequence similarities is that the ampliconic region is mostly composed of eight large palindromes spanning 5.7Mb (or roughly 25% of the MSY) across the long arm.The two arms of the palindromes display arm-to-arm sequence similarities between 99.94 and 99.997%. The largest palindrome, P1, is a staggering 2.9Mb long and also contains two 24kb palindromes within itself. Each palindrome has a spacer in its center which ranges from 2-170kb which form hairpins in gene conversion (which we will discuss in a later post – it’s really cool!). Six of these palindromes contain protein-coding genes with at least two copies per gene (one on each arm). Of the nine gene families, six are exclusive to the palindromes.
"How?"
Scared to be honest
Note that consent does not necessarily imply approval here. It only suggests that, at the very least, the authorities have conducted some sort of cost-benefit analysis on the crushing and dispersal of Antifa and decided that the costs outweigh the benefits. Whether approval exists or not would have to be judged on a case-by-case basis.
Bron – Just as the eyes are the window to the soul, so is the gut the answering machine for the heart. Check your messages; you’ll know what to do.
I was giving some away to my friend who gave me the zucchini so I decorated it cute to give it to her!
In my case I found these videos in a fan blog about SuJu. And well this guy just blows my mind.
Joy is used to Hearing Whispers. She's used to walking down the street and instantly knowing people's deepest, darkest desires. She uses this talent for good—to make people happy and give them what they want. But for her older sister, Jessica, the family gift is a curse, and she uses it to make people's lives—especially Joy's—miserable. Still, when Joy Hears Jessica Whisper I want to kill my Hearing dead, and kill me too if that's what it takes, she knows she has to save her sister, even if it means deserting her friends, stealing a car, and running away with a boy she barely knows—a boy who may have a dark secret of his own.
I love you, Aimee
Runner Up:
It is official. Rylie has her first crush. And if this is any predictor of the teen years, well Adam and I are in for it.
Vidura was an incarnation of Yāma, the god of death. After finishing his term as Vidura he returned to his place among the exalted deceased (the Pitṛ) and resumed his responsibilities as Yāma. But as a result of his tenure as Vidura, his consciousness was now completely wrapped around Kṛṣṇa.
The cave was awesome!
"We have won a great victory, thanks to you, Jillian." Indigo rested a paw on Jillian's knee. "And you have discovered your own power. Zephyr, the healing wind."
Attention one and all. His Royal Highness, Prince Randolph of Petersbourg, will set sail for London in early June and reside at St. James Palace for one full month…Some say the true motive for the prince’s visit to our fair country is to seek and marry his future queen. I will therefore pose the question to our devoted and reflective readers: Who among us will be the chosen one? —From the London Ballroom Society Pages
I have been laughing while dusting. I wonder if I should write to Proctor & Gamble and tell them the lavender and vanilla reminds me of powdered old ladies woowoos.
Stage 1: Relief – “OH THANK GOD! I’ve had to pee since last Tuesday…”
on his grave
None of these states have the kind of hype associated with them as does Mr Modi’s Gujarat, which is often called the most business friendly state in India. So is Gujarat really the “breakout” state that Mr Modi wants the world to believe?
“Since the choking game can be played in groups, youth’s friends may have signs, too,” Butkus said. “As a good rule of thumb, parents should always know what their children are doing and don’t hesitate to ask questions and probe in spite of the youth’s protestations.”
If I don’t get my daily amount of black tea I get cranky, and my motto is to always have a good picnic, nevertheless what else the day would bring to me. And I love baking.
Gosh I wouldn't want that anyway
Obama’s Sneaky Treatises Can Be Blocked By The States & The U.S. Courts If They Contravene The U.S. Constitution.
ITS BEEN A lot of fun unwrapping the new (to us) Simms kicks this week, and with the improvements in Simms wading boots over the past few years, I’ve been expecting big things.
Mister Man: (giving me a weird look) Mommy, that is not a tv.
‘People can have strong viewpoints but we all get along. The culture is such that it’s OK to disagree.
“One of them said that Ken Kisamore has posted on my Wall. What’s my Wall?”
When sheep are hefted they stick to their area of the fell, and the ewes show the lambs where that area is so that the knowledge passes from generation to generation. The Marston's can't buy in sheep and introduce them to the hefted flock, it is something they have to be born into.
KRIS: Nothing. G’night, Pa!
Professor Phil Blythe and his team are investigating in-vehicle technology to help older drivers continue using their cars into later life.These include bespoke navigation tools, night vision systems and intelligent speed adaptations. More
As always, if you don't have a certain shape, feel free to substitute. For my original card I used a heart shape, but for this week's sample I went with a circle. The most important thing is to make the sketch work for you and to have fun!
the sunday just gone was a glorious and scorchin’ one so i decided to take a bike on boat tour to the gap of dunloe. i thought, i’ll cycle around the gap for a couple of hours and come back to killarney before dusk. Somehow.. somehow, i missed the turn to the gap of dunloe + ended up doing half of the ring of kerry. the road was so busy and it was pretty scary but for an absolute rookie in cycling, i think i did pretty well. captivated + allured by the beauty of my surroundings, i took endless stops for photographs and took about mmm.. about 400 pictures i think, a few i’ve posted below. hope u like them! am quite proud to show snaps of the county where i live now. in my head as i took the photographs i pondered, kerry should be a new synonym for beautiful.. the landscapes are just mind-blowing!
but Citizen Union would like to remind you that no matter who wins today, it won’t change the fact that a growing number of lawmakers are elected with just these kinds of special elections.
Hatha Yoga: 189 calories. Hatha yoga is an umbrella term for what Westerners consider yoga. In truth, Hatha yoga is the actual physical practice of yoga postures, plain and simple. This is the basic, run-of-the-mill yoga class you may find at your gym or local studio if not noted otherwise. While part of the class may contain constant movement, a lot of it is also holding balance poses. Hatha classes are perfect for those who want to dip their toes in the yoga pool and get a great, relaxing flexibility workout.
Even the rawest frontier towns could have a middle class. Auraria, a Georgia town that appeared on the Cherokee frontier to exploit the gold found in the Southern Appalachians, had at least twelve law offices to hash out questions of land claims, deeds, and sales. Teachers and clergy came later, as the first generation of prospectors settled into homesteaders.
A scream of rage
I have been wanting to make a layout to document Lilah's "language" for awhile, and these Chat Clouds from Pink Paislee were just perfect for this!
Today the Ridgeway and Icknield Way paths meet nearby, making this a landmark for long distance ramblers and a destination for daytrippers, but even in the 1920s people were visiting the hills and woods in increasing numbers. A national preoccupation with prehistory had been growing since the Victorian era and, in the aftermath of the Great War, books like H. J. Massingham’s Downland Man (1926) encouraged readers to explore the landscape of the ancient past. As aerial photography offered a new perspective on earthworks and monuments, the rise of motor transport turned sites like Ivinghoe Beacon into tourist attractions.
Objections can also be raised against the measurement of the land, enhancement of compensation or apportionment of the compensation by filing a written application before the Deputy Commissioner, as provided under section 18 of the Act, requesting the authority to refer the matter to the court for determination of the grounds raised in the application. An application to that effect has to be filed by the person who was personally present when the award was passed, within six weeks from the date of the award passed by the Collector. In other cases, the application will have to be made within six weeks from the date of receipt of the notice issued under section 12(2) or within six months from the date of the award passed by Deputy Commissioner, whichever is earlier.
* my daughter and her willingness to help
They were arrested with her handbag and the money.
Introduction 7
Srinagar has the privilege of having a multifaceted and unique cultural blend, making it different from the rest of the country, not only from the cultural front, but in point of geography, demography, ethics and social entities. as well. With its beautiful picturesque Himalayan backdrop, the crowning glory of hill stations Srinagar is enticed by the colourful houseboats , shikaras and the grandeur of Mughal sense of style.
BILLY BOB THORNTON (Sling Blade)
Ten years ago.
All in all, an amazing meal that inspired us with its creativity on all levels - creativity backed by taste and talent both in the kitchen and out. No wonder the private kitchen became fairly public knowledge (and objects of desire) pretty much instantly.
I’ve got my motivation going full on right now. I’ll probably have an album in 1 to 2 months that will be ready for mixing and mastering. I’m psyched. I’m starting the creative processes really soon, I have two more items to integrate into my studio and I’m also blocking it off from my bedroom so I feel more isolated and immersed in my work. I have so many inspirations for this album, so many channels I will be exploring. I am really excited to begin working on it. The games first level has also come to a new stage. It’s now being programmed. So far things are working out beautifully.
When I started my blog I got really into it, and had lots of ideas about what to post next.
Chicken fillet (I used 2 legs and a thigh), chopped
The very propaganda that taught them to believe that the enemy was pure evil, would torture them upon surrender, that it was better to kill themselves than be captured – ended in the loss of their own humanity and life. An illogical education resulted in a tragedy.
It’s easy to understand why comedians get a little depressed when the Michele Bachmans, the Herman Cains, the Rick Perrys, and so on quit the republican presidential primary.
By the time the sun was on their end of the continent, Edith had reenforced the fortitude of some agents and accepted the resignations of a few. She’d never imagined herself in charge, especially not in such a difficult time, but she had stepped forward before she realized what was happening. She could only do her best to hold the department together until the permanent replacement arrived. The selection shouldn’t take long, but that did not mean that Edith could take the responsibility lightly.
The practice of making beer at home for personal consumption was legal even back during Prohibition, when the production and sale of commercially brewed beer, wine and spirits were outlawed. Homebrewing has enjoyed the federal government's expressed blessing since the late 1970s, when President Jimmy Carter signed legislation to that effect.
Then Detective Martin White attempted to clear up the mystery of the woman in white.
Frequently the message we send to outsiders is act like a believer before you become a believer. Not only is it foolish, it’s selfish. We demand comfort for ourselves while making others uncomfortable. It’s disgusting!
She felt his chin
I sponged a little around my tigerlilies and cut it out with Small Oval Nestabilities and matted it with Pumpkin Pie cut with Label 10 Nestabilities and popped it up on foam tape. To finish I added a black satin bow made with my bow easy and a couple of black pearls.
Other ideas I love: anything outside in a huge field or on a lake. My sister has a lake with a deck that I always think would be perfect for a photographer to be able to take a shot from... but I'm not sure about the logistics of it all!
“It’s more than just a local pool hall. It’s one of many contact points of The Fox Hole Syndicate. The hall is a front for back room gambling,” Luther explained.
Somehow, I have misplaced my camera in my apartment (are we surprised?), so the only picture I can offer you is actually sans bride.
So why still go to conferences then?
And since I started early they gave me the choice of getting an hour of overtime or going home an hour early. Since there was nothing going on in 25 house tonight I took the option and burnt out an hour earlier than usual.
Bette Davis, played an old maid in the movie, The Old Maid.
The report was first made available online on Hornbill Unleashed.
Ours was very inexpensive, but cost can be prohibitive because some tufted ottomans can be over a $1000. Wow. Luckily, there are a ton of fabulous tutorials for DIY tufted ottomans. I think next time I might try making my own, so I rounded up my favorite projects:
And the women always look amazing, straight from the beauty parlor. I assume straight from the salon, since that is what I would do if I only got my hair done once a week. That must have been a busy time for the salons in Fort Collins. I would schedule my appointment the day before and sleep in a chair that night.
Thank you so much Ann!!!
(They won the tournament by the way!!)
Cons: I have to step on a chair to reach the top of the alphabet and also sometimes the space can get limited towards the middle to end of the school year. Also, my Word Wall is located at the back of the room, this is a good thing and bad thing because my students have to turn around to see it BUT it helps them start to memorize how to spell their high frequency words.
The concept is simply whack
I love my little baby computer. It does everything that my MacBook does, but it only weighs 2 pounds. It is a Nate-sized computer, with Arnold-sized power. (good analogy?) I generally refer to it as my MBA, or MB Air. I love this thing.
But with me it is a very small thing . . . or of man’s judgment. The Latin version give “of man’s day.” The meaning is the same; for the “day of the Lord” is frequently put for the “judgment of the Lord,” and a day is commonly named for defendants to appear for judgment. Cf. S. Jerome (ad Algas. qu. x.). He adds that Paul, as a native of the Cilician Tarsus, used the Greek idiom common there, and called “human judgment” “man’s day.”
Company or store name. “Title of Commericial (if possible).” Network. Date you saw it. Television Commercial.
So there you go peeps - can't wait to see all your beautiful ribbony twiny creations.
Anywho, as those classic Warner Bros cartoons were wont to tell us:
I cut out the image and layered it using one of my labels nestabilities, the celery background was embossed with the CB circles folder. I coloured in the image to sort of match my patterned paper (an MME (I think) scrap from loooooooong ago). I'm not thrilled with the colouring under the feet, it looks kinda blotchy...but I don't think a 5 year old will really care anyway!!
again he comes up with the most beautiful tags and amazing tips - trics and video tutorials.
Here are the ATCs that I sent Jordan in the swop. The one on the left has a cupcake theme and it says 'truly scrumptious' and the one on the right is a Margaret Sherry design of a cute Easter chick (from Cross Stitcher magazine last year). I'm pleased to say that Jordan loved her ATCs :-) I really enjoyed making them.
Case in point: one Saturday night I was having a rather smooth and painless evening behind the bar. The bar was fairly busy, people were tipping and we hadn't ran out of glassware (yet). As soon as the DJ announced Last Call, the night instantly turned from peace into total chaos in a matter of seconds. It seems that whenever the DJ calls Last Lall, people rush the bar to get in their last minute drink orders. I love inflated crowd. The more people ordering drinks means the more tips the bar will make.
It's a lot and it isn't easy writing.
I know. I do. I blame the mother-in-law. Maybe you should too.
Oh, you don't have to buy all those colors either...you can get any size in any color in any amount...just convo her and she will set up a special listing just for you... That's great customer service....
It truly is my destiny and my focus.
My outfit! Wanted something cute&girly, it was quite cold day so I had to dress up bit warmer already.
Inspiration can come from anything! I think its hard to pinpoint inspiration, but I think this queastion relates back to the previous question in a way, in that all the designs are a piece of my mind. So I guess that you could say the inspiration for Hero&Cape is everything I've ever seen, heard and experienced! If I had to name things that inspire me I'd say the mind and its ability to create, and things I see everyday, I think its important to actually see things, not just look, but really see whatever you're looking at is about. Most of the time there's a reason why every product looks the way it does, and in nature everything has a meaning.
9. Accomplished a lot of virtual farming in FarmVille. Belted cows are a very good thing.
Sprinkle the biscuits with the remaining tablespoon of sugar. Bake until the biscuits are golden brown, about 15 minutes. Transfer to a rack to cool. (These can be baked up to 8 hours ahead of serving time.) Let stand at room temperature.
Results: Oh.My. Seriously. This was delicious! It tasted like something you could order at a restaurant. I know, I know…”Don’t hurt yourself patting your own back, Michelle.” But seriously…if you like fish, you must add this to your menu. Writing this post makes me want to eat this again tonight!
This useful little exercise has at least three effects. First of all, it very quickly becomes apparent to the student just how much binary thinking goes on in the average human society. Second, it very quickly becomes at least as apparent to the student how much of an effort it takes, at least at first, to snap out of binary thinking. Third and most crucial is the discovery, which usually comes in short order, that once you find a third option, it’s very easy to find more—a fourth, a ninety-fourth, and so on—and they don’t have to fit between the two ends of the binary, as most beginners assume. Take any political debate you care to name; inevitably, there are possible choices more extreme than either of the two sides, as well as choices in the space in between, and still other choices that aren’t in the same continuum at all. Ternary thinking helps you pop out of the binary mode long enough to see this.
We were happy the beets were finally ready to harvest. This year we grew three different kinds of Beets,Golden,traditional red, and a pink striped variety.I don't remember the specific names of them at the moment.We like the color it adds to the table and the different flavors.
* 1 roughly diced green bell pepper
But it’s fine because hey, YOU’RE ONLY IN GREECE ONCE!
¾ cup very warm water
Season with garlic, chili powder, cumin, parsley, oregano, basil (and cilantro if using). Cook for about 6 hours on low.
A Solihull meeting will be arranged for shortly after the election and plans are already in place to spread our message in Birmingham and Solihull throughout the summer.
Using your hands (time to get dirty!) form into large balls and then smoosh flat onto a greased cookie sheet.
Mom - He was burping? I thought he was snoring loudly.
By Blair McDowell
Rotten Tomatoes: 20%
What do Bettle, Ky, Wink, TX, Searchlight, NV, Santa Claus, IN, Sandwich, NH, Iceberg, PA, Sunflower, KS, Money, MS, and Toast, NC all have in common? They were on my favorite thermos and lunch box set from the mid-1960′s. I think I had this in 3rd grade.
appropriation and due process certification by the relevant
Dear Dharma, the four legs on which you stand spread happiness throughout the worlds. I will enlighten you about all that you have asked.
To me, the “memories” of objects can be seen as the virtual in Deleuze. They lay latent in the object until made actual by audiences, and because there are multiple meanings, they can be in varying degrees of becoming. Wilson writes, “Meanings, like memories, don’t go away. They can be suppressed, but they remain within, waiting for someone to reveal them.”(Wilson and Graham 214). The meanings of objects are imbedded in an immanent plain of existence and shift between virtual and actual as revealed by Wilson and his varying audiences. Wilson uses the metaphor of memory to evoke a meaning without implying an autonomy of objects that imbues them with the sort of cognitive power Frampton gives film.
Another 4 months apart, and in 2005, I flew back to Belgium. It was Autumn. I was having a bad day as had just had to basically turn down the opportunity to work as a conservator in Antarctica for 6 months. I would have gone, it had been a long held dream of mine, I was itching to go, it was such a brilliant opportunity and I was soooo lucky. But my Mum was very sick with breast cancer, which had just been found in her brain as well, and I didn't want to be literally stuck in Antarctica at that time. There would be no flights out, at all. Plus, Hans had just resigned from his job and made plans to move to Australia, and it would be nice if I was there. So, I was a bit out of sorts.
The magazine cover, incidentally (photographed just after we had excavated along that very verge), has a wonderful caption. “Some of the smaller ‘Blue Stones’… were transported from as far as Wales by some unknown form of ancient transport – doubtless very much slower that the ultramodern, 110 bhp Pearl Metallic Scirocco GLi!”. They don’t write em like they used to.
Varies, depending on the style.
Getting to know you,
Here is a picture of three of the above tags. The one on the left - the heart is a piece of chipboard covered in some DP from SEI and a button ribbon tag using the sentiment: "together forever". The one in the middle has a frame from the Love Story stamp - but the sentiment is from the Love Notes stamp set. The last one is a really simple tag - with sentiment and image from the Love Story stamp set. I attached the tags with a bit of twine since her wedding theme is an outside elegant vintagey wedding.
One of the themes of our return to the beaches of the Corleone family was facing our fears. Or put another way, we learned that when life gives you jellyfish, make jellyfish salad.
Scientists, engineers, and like minded people will often describe things (equipment, procedures, results, etc.) in mind numbing detail. This is to ensure that there is no ambiguity in their message. They don’t say, “It was big.” They say, “It was 832.6 meters measured with a 420angstrom laser rangefinder (model SX-420A11 by LightDyne systems inc.) calibrated using the IEEE standards one day before testing took place.”
CCTV has rendered all such confusing factors obsolete. The jury could barely have a better view of events if they had been there at the time. So, therefore, it must be an incontrovertible 'good thing', yes?
Twixt wake and sleep, eyelids flutter
With all of the inner battles he’s going through he decides to keep on working at the hospital because he has an unlimited supply of blood whenever he needs it, but Sang-hyun is slowly drifting away from his faith and the church. Which all starts when he’s reunited with Kang-woo (Shin Ha-kyun) who he hasn’t seen since he was a child when they used to play together. Kang-woo is admitted to the hospital because of a serious illness, and Kang-woo’s eccentric and emasculating mother finds out that the “bandaged saint” is working there and hunts him down to pray for her son. During the prayer she recognizes him from when he used to come over and play as a boy, and after a brief conversation they invite him over to play their favorite game Mahjong (which I think is something like the card game rummy). So when he comes over one night he also sees Tae-ju (Kim Ok-bin), the girl he used to play with who’s now Kang-woo’s wife, but she lives in a miserable situation with her bratty and spoiled husband and her mother-in-law who baby’s him constantly but treats her like a dog. Sang-hyun unexpectedly starts to fall for her, and soon the two of them sneak off and have an affair which becomes an ongoing thing. So much so that Tae-ju tells her mother-in-law she wants to volunteer at the hospital helping the needy so they can keep seeing each other. And this is the beginning of the turning point for Sang-hyun, because he is still holding on to some semblance of faith. But when Tae-ju finds out he’s a vampire she’s terrified of him, which is the breaking point for Sang-hyun’s faith that causes him completely embrace his vampire side and turn away from God and the church. Then once Tae-ju has had some time to think things over she becomes fascinated with him and once again wants to spend all her time with him. Luckily that is an easy thing to do because her family takes him in after he renounces his faith.
- In Bahrain it is illegal for a doctor to look directly at a woman's genitals while he is examining her although he is permitted to see their reflection in a mirror.
The victory is won
Let’s face it, not all of us have a secure attachment style. But if you don’t fall into this category, don’t fret. Based on our changing life experiences and deepening self-awareness (and often therapy ), you can shift your attachment style. It’s not rigid or immobile. Our relationship patterns constantly evolve and change.
Be a part of the WBC decision making process!
Ostracizing Islamist groups who, despite their embrace throughout the Obama administration as "allies" in the war against terrorism, is necessary to stop the perpetuation of hate against the United States. No matter what the Obama administration claims about its achievements in defeating terrorism, it is actually enabling of Islamic terrorism by embracing radical Islamist groups who issue the same hateful narrative against the United States that Secretary Clinton has decried overseas as "painful."
And for the cartoon enthusiasts out there, if you remember the character Jenny Juggs… We didn’t realize it until she started crying and sobbing, but she is the crazy homeless cat Tabitha from the short-lived Slacker Cats cartoon! Carolyn totally recognized her crazy pleading! Kiersten Warren (Alex Tabor from Saved By The Bell:The College Years, Life Goes On, 13 Going On 30, Intolerable Cruelty, Bicentennial Man, Independence day) looks nothing like her voice!
and stereo, and iPhone, and iPod, and my laptop.
Removed for some tweaking…might send this one out soon.
These are the times you have been waiting for, for it means that you are all getting closer to the remembrance of your reason for being here in this Cosmic moment of the cyclic movement from one age to another. From this point onward, life will take on an impetus of one revelation after another coming into the Light of each person’s consciousness. Many of you will have your ‘aha!’ moments as the pieces of the puzzle start to fall into place and all the mysteries of your life become more clear. There is now an unstoppable awakening Light that is inundating this Planet and it is a peaceful, loving and powerful energy.
these are not just quotes.
I pray that those who can, will take action,
Pours a clear coppery brown with a nice tan head. Very malty smell, with a hint of the standard Shiner smell that most of their beers have. Still nice.
The Lord laughed up to the sky, "That's what they want you to think, whether you're adventuring with that hodge-podge of miscreants or giving speeches to rioters, out there to them you're under someone's command. We can change that together."
“Just as in classical economic Marxism certain groups, i.e. workers and peasants, are a priori good, and other groups, i.e., the bourgeoisie and capital owners, are evil. In the cultural Marxism of Political Correctness certain groups are good,” for instance feminist women. Similarly, “white males are determined automatically to be evil, thereby becoming the equivalent of the bourgeoisie in economic Marxism.” Both economic and cultural Marxism “have a method of analysis that automatically gives the answers they want. For the classical Marxist, it’s Marxist economics. For the cultural Marxist, it’s deconstruction. Deconstruction essentially takes any text, removes all meaning from it and re-inserts any meaning desired.”
Well, here’s the answer: making my 2013 bird of prey calendar.
How you interpret the theme is entirely up to you, whether you use a floral image, go for a groovy 70`s feel or just stick flowers on it - we really don't care! We're happy to see any kind of creation from cards, scrapbook pages, altered art, handmade gifts etc - as long as it fits the theme!
Your front door is one of the first things people see when they arrive at your home and it should be a reflection of your style. Here are some simple things you can do to re-vamp your casa.
Hope you're all well.
So how different is Bersih 3.0?
But before we even really got started, Goober, my youngest child at only eight years old decided he wanted to ride the Drop of Fear.
1070 *D-III/29/1990. “Law, Literature and Judge Posner.” The School of Law, Loyola University of Chicago, Chicago, Illinois. (With Richard A. Posner, William T. Braithwaite, and Linda Hirshman.) (Incorporated in Item C-1992(5), above.)
Shallots, 5 pcs
Not Another Remake! (Room 152, 8-9PM) -- Join Arizona's top Horror Film aficionados for a spirited discussion of the pros and cons of the Horror Film movement of remakes. Hot on the release of the "Nightmare on Elm Street" remake, the discourse is sure to be lively! Why so many remakes? Panelists: Danny Marianino, Nate Yapp, Jeff Dolniak, David Hayes Saturday:
Son: "But Dad!"
As I wrote, I started to think about the phrase:
There was one author who said that if you would have asked him a couple years ago what he thought about self publishing, he would have said that it was a ridiculous idea. But now his view point has changed, among many other people.
TBN had (I don’t know if they still do) a program called Christian Celebrity Showcase. Famous people who claim to be Christians appear to tell of their great worldly success. On this show they earnestly and fervently praise and worship the gods of wood and stone. To them Egypt is the place to be. Thank you Pharaoh for all you have done for me is basically their message.
Johnny Fontanes is a place where you can have some fun! And that's all that really need be said. I don't think I've been somewhere where I can get milkshakes, freshly squeezed lemonade and a double 18yr Glenlivet Single Malt in one place before.
“We’re too far north to merit dipping into the trend,” advised the friend. “No teaming of fuchsia and green will mitigate being pelted with lifesize hailstones in the middle of summer. Leave it to those living in St. Tropez.” True.
I offer this casual set of photographs affectionately. I love the place and love and admire the people.
His longest sentence was 30 months for a burglary. He was also separately given eight weeks in jail for theft, five months for robbery, five months for assault, four months for burglary and another four months for burglary. He served less than a year.
The theme for this weeks challenges is USE BUTTONS.
Here are some highlights of our nature walk:
So I sat in the back. Trying to blink in the colours of the deepening sky and the sparse trees that doubled in number and then grew into a forest of greenery the longer we travelled. All those colours clashed and collided inside of my head. I tried in vain, to count the number of guideposts that it took to get there, in case I should not like it and wished to return back to my other home. But there were too many and they flew by my eyes like hail.
Divide into 2 with a dough scrape or knife and place into 2 loaf tins, and sit in a warm kitchen to rise for 40 minutes.
Colour: distress inkt Walnut Stain, copic markers
My doctor had speculated that it might be that from the beginning. I didn't think that was a big deal. Unusual perhaps... that's what old people get right? But I thought that was nothing. I'd be fine. I'm young and healthy. I'll kick this in no time. I knew nothing.
Steffy says she is a better person. I do think loving Liam has brought back Steffy’s sensitive side that she seemed to lose after her twin died. It makes me sad that her marriage seems destined to failure, though. I think it means a lot to her, which is rare for a soap opera. Liam, on the other hand, seemed to regress when he went back to Hope. I’ve felt the urge to smack him upside the head more than once. If it weren’t for Steffy, they’d be fast forward material for sure. Well, they would be if I weren’t blogging about them.
At night, like this, the crickets and grasshoppers make such a racket. The yard feels like a fishbowl and everyone is watching us. Little reflective eyes pop in and out, smells are bringing them.
And I also got to meet my new 'granddaughter' in the form of a Jack Russell mix.
“The Enterprise Job.”
Of various species
I am so glad that I have had only one husband and that he has had only one wife (me) and that our parents stuck with each other through ‘sickness and health, richer and poorer, forsaking all others until death do us part, etc’….
This is week two which marks the beginning of “Release” week and that means poo powder. It’s nasty and thick and looks like dirt and hasn’t exactly been the most effective producer of elimination in the world. Next week is “Reclaim” which means big ol’ horse pills full of stuff. At least it’s not another powder is all I’m saying. And…I’m actually looking forward to maybe being able to work out which is not normal for me. Guess it really is a reset!
The fact that both Markelov and Khutorskoi were killed with guns in contract-style murders has ominous overtones for future confrontations between the two groups. Knives and baseball bats, rather than guns, had until now been the weapons of choice for right-wing groups, Mr Verkhovsky said. “You can’t say that they’ve completely switched to guns, but some people are clearly using them.” continues here
Let not the church suffer dishonour at any time, but may her garments be
He added that his decision will also depend if the website takes down the article and apologises, stressing that he hopes no legal action will be required.
One can only deploy so many rotting carcasses - what else can she conceive of? Body modification? Mutilation? Madonna, a deeper person, began to transform her inner self - becoming a mother ('Ray of Light') and later a seeker after mystic truths. It may be time for Gaga (soon, not yet we assume) to look beyond the sheer surface spectacle of clothing and nudity for her chic Warholian garb. Peeping Tom may go blind with boredom otherwise.
Perhaps Carden’s buyers were in a hurry, he had what they wanted, so he saved them time. Maybe Carden looks like a trustworthy fellow, had a big smile on his face and his buyers got some value out of his charm. Or maybe, they saw him speak the day before, and thought that he was up to something clever, so they thought they’d play along.
I should also have remembered my previous attempts at knitting in the dark and not tried to be thrifty on the illumination front as last night this led to my ripping back my Ten O'Clock scarf twice over (and it is a very simple pattern, honestly), so that all I have to show for an evening's work is one small repeat (possibly thrifty, definitely stressful).
I wondered about ABBA's Fernando but I'm not convinced it's about Spain.
Moon looked at him but it was too late, Shag HAD seen it...and was shagging it!
Author: Becky Wade
I can see where my attempts here are progressing,and hopefully by next year I will be hosting teaching classes here at home to help local area residents learn to be more self sufficient and self reliant.I'd like to be able to teach people one on one how to do a lot of the things that I do here.
1. The buzz on campus is about your performance—it was fantastic! How did you and your band mates come up with the name House of Waters?
So, naturally, it didn't even cross my mind that D wouldn't recognize me. That the last time she saw me, I was a man. Sure, there was the odd chance that the rumor had gotten to her... but it hadn't. And that was even more obvious as I tried to make the best of the situation. What was I to do? Run, or try to explain who I was? Either way, the damage was done, and since I'm not a coward...
Things are going well for Souichiro, who is that old guy who’s talked with Haruka a few times. But then the best thing ever happens when Segai threatens Haruka with death:
But you are stronger, stronger than you know
It's interesting to read her profile, and know how she arrived blogging.
she made sure to get the pleases in -- that's my girl!
Once the candy has firmed up, line a baking sheet with waxed paper or nonstick aluminum foil. Using a teaspoon or small cookie scoop, scoop small balls of the coconut mixture and flatten them into discs between your palms. Place the discs on the baking sheet, and place sheet in freezer while you prepare the melted chocolate.
For what it’s worth, I’m sorry. I never intended to hurt anyone and I can only claim that my entire parenting career has been marked by mistakes from which I later learned lessons. I was not born knowing how to do this and most of the books on the subject are rubbish. It’s trial and error.
This entire process takes about a week.
Of all the images of young Drake on the Internet, Elf Drake is the one that best captures the essence of Aubrey Graham. Much like the Game’s appearance on Change of Heart, it’s a visual that can forever change your perspective on rappers. This one would rank higher except elves are still a little niche, though Christmas could give it a nice little bump.
Today, son Chris, daughter Jenn, son-in-law Marty and friends Ryan & Mike took to the streets of downtown St. Paul to serve freshly grilled hot dogs to those in need. I'm quite certain Jim was right there with them serving in spirit while I ("Grandma") stayed and played with the kids.
I also had a Square arrive from Lynn in Canada this morning. Lynn took part in our 'One Heart From Around The World' Challenge. We made the first Heart blanket a few weeks ago and I am collecting Squares for the second one now. If you would like to take part please follow the link.
My favorite obsession has to be books. I seem to have been looking at everything differently lately and trying to find the possibility of turning it into a book. I discovered some scrap wood in the garage and have mad several tunnel books. There is a lot to explore with this concept.
Pioneer Woman
Was this your first performance at Icelandic Opera House?
Personification: Love In order to love like God loves, I must be focused on what he wills for me and not what other people will for me. I think that God loves me even though I spent so many years not remembering that His call for my life should lead my every decision, especially as it pertains to tithing or giving of my first fruits.
Ugh!, what model is it?
Categories
I kinda had the same feeling about running shoes. Seriously - how different can shoes be??
You’ve worked too hard to plant, weed and nurture your dreams to burn them down with negative words, leaving only a waste land of smoldering ashes. Determine today to EXCHANGE your NEGATIVE talk with POSITIVE words of life and blessing. In the words of Smokey the Bear, “Only You Can Prevent Forest Fires!”
-Letter From Greg Watchman, Acting Sec'y, OSHA, To Leroy J Pletten, PHD, July 8, 1997
A1: "Mama! They said Jacob! My Jacob, at church?"
Zanzibar, 27th August 1896, 9:00
Industrial steel, glossy white paint & marble mixed together on the vanity.
Suggestions: Serve with homemade corn tortilla chips. A young woman suggested that I might want to add this to cooked pasta for a wonderful macaroni salad. I’m thinking I will try that next. If you want the salsa spicier use the entire jalapeno with seeds and core. Try using this salsa on baked fish, chicken or pork.
Instead of merely jeering Dr Wee, the audience should allow time and opportunity for the 8-point formula prepared by the Education Ministry’s committee on addressing teacher shortage in Chinese schools headed by Dr Wee to work. To be dismissive of the measures undertaken by the Education Ministry without even giving time to see the results means one is already clouded with biasedness and will fault-find no matter how much effort is initiated.
there's nothing like
It is important to note that this is not cash -- it is a commercial paper that may be exchanged into cash, but not itself cash. Although it is sometimes used like cash, many places of business would refuse to take banker's check as a form of payment. (For example, more of than not, you would not be able to use the banker's check to pay for your meal at a restaurant.)
I've made blog friends all over the world now, but never did I imagine I would find one in my own back yard!
2. Spread small pieces of garlic as deep as possible into the flesh of fish.
I also have a card to share today that used the December sketch. Most of the products are by Basic Grey, Lily Bee Designs, Maya Road and Prima. For a full supply list, please visit the Emma's Paperie blog here.
== Consistency: A Litmus of Madness ==
Joe’s mother, Rachel, said “we started to see his character coming back” after he was fitted with the Berlin heart. But this was the start of a long wait for a heart donor.
It's easy, simply use our mosaic tiles to dress up something in your home, like a vase or a photo frame. Other rules are use your creativity and don't limit your imagination. There are no prizes (it's all for the love of the art) but bragging rights and a warm feeling of self-satisfaction is yours if you wish to participate. Then, send us a picture of your item with a mini description and we will post them up on our blog! Easy peasy!
“Maybe Andy murdered someone for it!”
vibration as others continue to do the right thing by you.. Treating
This year, everyone arrives late, so that Mr Young and I have already sampled a quite a few glasses of his famous mulled wine and I have had to slap his hand away from the Pringles bowl fifteen times.
So what, Manish, are the big issues here?
FINAL RATING: 4/10
Mr. Brandt has been photographing the threatened wildlife of Kenya and Tanzania for more than a decade and has released his work in two volumes: “On This Earth” (2005) and “A Shadow Falls” (2009). He’s now halfway through shooting the final volume, and a selection of that new work opens at the Fotografiska Museum in Stockholm on Oct. 6.
Sophie Ristelhueber/_Portrait.
Introducing: New Authors
I have been putting the finishing touches on my class that I plan on teaching at Scrapfest next weekend. I can't believe that it is a week away now!
But then the project is revealed a decade later, unexpectedly, in an exclusive interview with Artforum. All ten rooms have been installed, and their locations are made known, complete with an interactive map posted on artforum.com; one of the rooms, however, was demolished in 2011 when the building it was in was taken down (...or was it?, PhD students ask, writing term papers at Princeton).
A GHOSTLY VOICE: Baaaaaaarrrrrraaaaaaacccccccccccck! Wake uuuuuuuuuuuuuup!
And the faint irritability is compounded out of having to fetch my own logs in (definitely down to HC), and skies turned grey (well, nobody can help that one, but if anyone was at home, they might well find themselves in the firing line), and finding the chicken water frozen, which meant plodding back to the house to look for the plastic jug which was hiding (definitely HC's fault), and taking hot water back to fill up the drinkers, and a nagging feeling that I should be doing some housework even thought the sewing cupboard's siren call is tempting me.
Such glorious faith as fills your limpid eyes,
I don't remember much about the start, just the halo of the headlamp and the dust as the I followed the footsteps and the pace of Toby, Mike and Jess down the Bright Angel trail in the dark, jumping over rocks and wooden beams probably placed there to prevent erosion or to piss off the runners trying to keep the pace. I remember feeling good and hoping I wouldn't twist an ankle in the first couple of dark miles, prematurely ending the journey, thinking we were probably going too fast, but feeling good, excited and glad to be starting the journey.
I have a busy mind and don’t want to miss anything I think.
Should I tell you about the time I walked barefoot and pregnant over sharp lava rock through Hale a ka la (House of the Sun) Crater on Maui, Hawaii, past black cinder cones that looked like we’d taken a wrong turn and ended up on the moon…. And, did I mention with my son in a pack on my back? And that we ran out of food so had to forage for mountain apples after we descended slipping and sliding, muscles screaming on the Hana side? Or, the even more unbelievable story of trudging on and on in the dark; although the moon was there in the sky; and the ocean was glistening blue-black with white froth breakers off to the right in the velvet night; hoping to come upon a ride (no dice) and each time I stopped to rest my feet, they would tingle? I thought it must be exhaustion; the tingle would move up my bare legs, (no shoes) and it felt strange, so we’d walk on. When we finally emerged into a very moony section of the road we were shocked to see millions of ants scurrying around in a fairly organized and uniform manner. So many millions it looked as though the road were alive. I don’t know why they were up so late, or if they were performing their usual routine. But, this was the tingling. As soon as we stopped, they’d rush onto our feet and dash up over ankles and calves like a shallow river running the wrong way, racing determinedly up, up, to who knows where or what they had on their agenda, or in their itinerary…needless to say, we started walking again.
"So you failed. Alright you really failed. You failed. You failed. You failed. You failed... You wanna be really great? Then have the courage to fail big and stick around. Make them wonder why you're still smiling."
It was a singularly unpleasant experience from start to finish, but it is DONE.
Putting on my travelling shoes,
Tom Hiddleston is a highlight as Loki, it’s the subtle smirks whilst he conducts his tyrannical mischief that really leaves an impression, he plays the vengeful maniac well, playing the team against each other. The actor really does shine through for me.
1 (15 oz) can garbanzo beans, rinsed and drained
Anyway, I finally watched Nemesis on DVD quietly one night on DVD. I did not like it. I wanted to like it. This was going to be the last hurrah for TNG and I wanted it to go out with a bang. But just could not pull it off. Nemesis failure comes down to three problems: continuity errors, Brent Spiner’s vanity, and logical flaws.
The GM Military Discount is available to active, reserve and retired members and spouses of the U.S. Air Force, Army, Navy, Marines, National Guard and Coast Guard. The discount, ranging from $400 to $4,000, is available on most Chevrolet cars, trucks and crossovers, depending on the model and options selected. The discount can be combined with most current incentives.
The Federal Government is committed in its efforts of steering Nigeria towards becoming the top 20 global economy by the year 2020. It has since 1999 liberalized its economy and have made huge strides in reducing corruption and improving its financial institutions to a level which is comparable to the rest of the world.
They all face the normal challenges of going out in the world. Emily goes to a bakery with her friends, but although she is tempted, she only orders tea. Buddy buys a full fast food meal just to look at it and smell is and see if he is tempted, which of course he is. He ends up throwing it away, but damn, what a waste of money that was! Jeremy goes to play pool with his friends and has to watch them all eat steak and chicken fingers. But he still behaves. He has water instead of beer. Cassandra’s family loves to bake together, so she makes up a batch of cookies and manages to only eat one. How she did that, I have no clue! I mean, they were peanut blossoms (peanut butter cookies with Hershey kisses on top)! Everyone does a great job.
This isn’t any kind of a loophole around the laws of thermodynamics, but maybe you don’t need to circumvent them, if energy can be grabbed from plausible sources, in such quantities that it might seem effectively free to us. I can’t rule that out, but the problem then comes back to the perennial sticking point: if you want to be taken seriously, publish some damn science. If you actually do an experiment, and find something to support your claims, and then tell other people what you did so that they can try it too and see if you’re still right, then vindication surely awaits. But what you’re saying sounds unlikely, and it sounds very similar to some other unlikely-sounding things, which are demonstrable nonsense and which break many well established laws of science. You’re going to have to actually show us something impressive.
“Ooh, yeah, if we want to touch on the super-sensitive topic of S-E-X,” continued Khairul, whispering the letters S, E and X, “then here’s OKC’s principle: we think kids should NOT engage in any sexual activities or even be exposed to it! HAH! That should rile up some children’s rights activists, yes?” he laughed.
I see you standing on the other side
EV9 - Paul Ringer - Something To Live For / Scarlet Ribbons (Dec 1980)
The FMS designed by Gray Cook and Lee Burton is one of the most highly regarded movement screens in the industry.
How to Give the Perfect Man Hug. Hello and welcome to videojug. The modern world is a complex place for many men. You are expected to be in touch with your feminine side but never to a point which compromises your masc ulinity. And to make things even more confusing, along comes the man hug, an unabash show of affection to your fellow men. If you don’t hug, you maybe accused of not being secure in your sexuality. This isn’t the case. You’ve just never been shown exactly how to carry out the man to man hug. Watch and learn.
I always remember thinking how ironic it was that the Easter Bunny had the same handwriting as my mother. Santa Claus had the same handwriting as Dad. When my sister and I had finally outgrown the Easter hunt, I often asked my parents how they pulled that off every year. Mom would always insist, "I don't know what you're talking about. The Easter Bunny did it." Dad would just shrug.
Realities live within a time frame, they are not inevitably eternal and many one time realities have gone on to become historical anachronisms. The brave Czechs fought hard and finally shook off the yoke of Communism, they are now a free nation and their president is one of the few great statesmen and defenders of freedom left in Europe. The Czech reality has changed, and surely we all hope that the Congo, Afghanistan and Zimbabwe will also, in time, find new realities.
Reading this book made me angry. It riled me. It made me dream of a society where women were in charge, rather than men. And I found that someone else had already "dreamed up" such a society and had written it into a well-known book. I got that book from my library and read it immediately after The War Against Women. It was sort of an antidote for my frustrations and will be the next book I review. Oh, you want to know which book that is? The Gate to Women's Country by Sheri S. Tepper. I'll come back here and provide a link as soon as I review that book.
4. Red Stripe
The first box I am selling for $120 (including shipping)... all together it is $193 worth of stuff (which is half off the retail price)... not including shipping. So... big price but pretty good deal for like new/new supplies.
at their foundations
2075.***E-XII/29/1998. On misleading the Kurds to their ruin. Chicago Sun-Times, December 29, 1998, p. 22; Hickory Daily Record, Hickory, North Carolina, December 29, 1998, p. A-4. See, also, Item E-X/27/1992, above. (Incorporated in Item B-14 (Projected), above, Letter C-6.)
Lost love taps at my door to speak
for always there will be greater and lesser persons than yourself.
Where: The Gardens Hotel, Mid Valley (This is RIGHT NEXT DOOR to the awesome Midvalley Megamall Shops :D That means you have direct access to the train, various options for accommodation if you are coming from out of town, shopping, and lots of food :D )
Against GOP objections, Secretary of State Hillary Clinton has announced that the Obama administration is sending $147 million in funding to the West Bank and Hamas-run Gaza.
Here's a video of my son's first crack at eggs. It was taken last year and I thought it seemed appropriate to share it all with you now. It makes me laugh every. single. time. Enjoy.
AVOID THE TEMPTATION to quit too soon. History books, story books and movies are filled with illustrations and parables of people who quit “three feet too soon digging for gold.” Just one more try to complete an invention; just one more call to make a sale
Afterwards, I commented, “Dude, that was pretty funny… language was a little in your face though”. I said this for my mother’s benefit, because there were some words and phrases in there that I really am sure she hasn’t had too much experience with. Her response:
This giveaway ends on Monday, April 19th, at noon and the winner will be announced at this post and on facebook. The winner will also be notified and the prize will be shipped out shortly thereafter.
I figured, "Why not?" It would at least give me something to go by size wise. The pattern number is Simplicity E1952 (in case you can't read it on the picture).
Funny thing, I was trying to explain this realiztion to Stuart that night and was a blubbering mess. Tears filled my eyes as I explained how mean I had been to young Kateka. Stuart was confused by my tears and though I shouldn't speak for him, I wouldn't be surprised if he thought I was a little bit crazy. But, you get me, right?
I was telling my freelance journalist and author pal, Michelle Goodman, about how we are getting more and more inquiries from people thinking they want to be freelance writers. Some of the folks have been laid off from corporate jobs and dream of the autonomy and freedom that freelance writing work brings. Others are stuck in a rut and are dying on the vine at their current job and are considering career change despite the fact they might have a secure position right now — they simply hate it that much.
Jackman's American Pale Ale
Voice Call: in trip repeat a high-pitched, slightly squeaky chee-jit. Song: a long series of squeaky warbling phrases, spread with a nose grating shake.
Monroe recognizes a mold derivative called J – lethal to humans but has opiate effects on Wesen and highly addictive. Rosalee stays behind to catalogue anything Wesen would kill over. She finds a connection with Monroe after the two show their animal form. I like this greeting and bonding gesture. It’s very animalistic – like dogs sniffing each other’s butts.
Welcome, Friday.
10.) Do you follow up with editors who haven't responded to a submission? How much time do you allow them?
Once the charcoal was ready, I spread it around the outside of the brazier so there were no coals directly beneath the chicken. Otherwise the bird would burn and a fat fire would be inevitable. I placed a few rocks in the centre beneath the chicken to absorb the dripping fat and retain some heat.
Roger was visibly agitated, hopping around on one leg and scratching himself unpleasantly.
So, my friends, I wish you the very merriest of Christmasses, and the most wonderful of New Years. In summary, 2011 can suck it. But at least, on Xmas day, I’ll look fabulous.
18. knowing how much better my life is after divorce (ASIDE FROM LOSING JORDAN)
Pagdating sa office, I asked my staff kung meron na sa kanila nakapag donate ng dugo.
One month, nothing but water and tea... YOU WILL LOVE THE RESULTS!!!
-strategy guide lookups
And here are the finished pages for week 14. This was one of those weeks were I didn't take a ton of photos - good for quick pages but not so good for mom's conscience! Once again you can click to get a closer look. Sorry for the glare :)
A cup of muesli with low-fat yogurt.
I made a 5-Layer Valentine's Jello using the three "red" jellos I could find: Strawberry, Cherry and Raspberry. Except I couldn't find my heart shaped cookie cutter! Oh well, you get the idea! :)
The theories:
“different fingers on the same hand,” which was a good analogy.
Okay, so to the tacos already.
It all started during a lunch break sitting in the cafeteria at work. Just sitting reading the Hutt News and flicking through the pages at a rapid pace, as you do when on limited time. Just about at the end of the paper and I spot what looked to be a familiar house in the realty section. On closer inspection it is indeed the house we grew up and it was up for mortgagee sale. What a hoot, and it had some photos of the inside as well, not alot appears to have changed since we moved out 30 odd years ago, talk about de ja vu....so funny. It sat with me all day with thought inside my head about the potential a place like that had for the right buyers, never for one moment believing this was where we heading!
Jack was at work, reading over some complaints when his cell phone rang. He picked up his phone in his pocket, and the first words he heard from Tori were “Jack, I’m having second thoughts.”
He was what was called a "Laborer"......
What’s up? How have you been? How’s the wife and kids? Or the cats? Or the nothing?
It arrived this week all the way from French France and I couldn't wait to rip it open. I bought it from Sharon Santini whose blog My French Country Home is delicious. She has a shop stocked with all sorts of wonderfulness. I had to have this cushion as it is sporting my initials, there was no talking myself out of it. Anyway I love it and once I manage to buy the right size cushion pad it will live on my bed alongside this...
So, have I become bitchy? Yea, probably. Am I ALWAYS bitchy? No way. But believe it or not, I do have quite a bit on my mind and try as I may, sometimes I become bitchy. Deal with it.
the rotten and the riches,
D1 isn’t worth it.
All that useable, enjoyable performance combined with practicality. There are a demanding bunch. Merely having top line safety and reliability isn't enough. On top of this kind, a smoother and more economical. As a result, theyre an increasingly popular choice for supermini buyers especially those who have deeper pockets than most.
1. Alexis Hios (R) 37; 2. Jen Lee (R) 38; 3. Christiani Villani (R) 49; 4. Frida Henningssonn (R) 50; 5. Sarah Reback (Ed) 56; 6. Christiana Liu (Ed) 59; 7. Vienna Chiu (Ed) 60; 8. Alex Ostan (R) 66; 9. Aelish Aoki (Ed) 67; 10. Kyoka Suzuki (Ed) 68.
19. Take It Easy
The bout of worry that plagued me today was wondering if I would have the mental clarity to know what measures to take once this baby is born. We have been told by the doctors, and read in other’s accounts that the medical community is not enthusiastic about rescusitating T18 babies. In most cases, the attempts are futile. I understand that. But at the end of the day, these doctors and nurses get to go home to their families and our situation was simply just chalked up to one of those sad days that goes along with the territory of being in the medical field. This isn’t going to be just a “sad day” for us that we can brush ourselves off and walk away from. Every decision we make that day will live with us for the rest of our lives. Will we be inflicting unnecessary pain and suffering on this child if we insist on surgery to repair the heart defect? Or will we be okay with solely offering care and comfort (DNR), letting nature take its course?
The big problem with the review screens on older DSLRs was that they were very small and were of low picture quality. The review screen on my old Canon 10D is just 1 inch by 1.5 inches. One would never use it to make a determination of the quality of a photo, solely based on what was on the review screen.
The problem is compounded by the fact that many states have dramatically reduced their own emergency management spending in recent years, as the federal government has shown itself willing to shoulder the burden. Basic political truth: Once funding is taken away from a program and spent elsewhere, it becomes extremely difficult to reclaim.
I love the thick dense fur on this beautiful bear.
Don't forget our other New Products and Fall Designs:
i have never seen her so happy.
And if that idea – the idea that intercollegiate teams are made up of beginner through advanced riders – doesn’t blow your mind, try this one on for size: At the end of many intercollegiate horse shows, a team’s chances at overall victory often come to rest on the shoulders of their walk-trot rider(s).
1. Clip fingernails or toenails at your desk. This is an important little task, but it is something that should be done in the comfort of your own home. The little click, click, click sound is annoying, and no one wants to see your little nasty nail shards all over the place. Save your manicure for after hours.
I feel that we have both learned a lesson from this. Or rather we should have learned a lesson. But we probably haven’t.
Using the cold-forged weapons of facts on logic, he shut down my argument thusly: "Heron invented a steam engine, but it was never exploited as anything more than a curiosity in his day. As such, it had no affect on society until the industrial revolution. I must say that I find your argument to be a tad disingenuous and a non sequitur."
It takes about 10-15 minutes to complete each lesson, which is one of the reasons why my kids like this program so well. It's short, fast & fun! Yes, I said fun! They have fun while they are learning.
This set belongs to some dear friends of our family. I was so tickled when she asked me to refinish them for her.
Watching the movie Super 8 recently set off one of my regular and fuzzy waves of nostalgia about the low budget films I used to make as a student. I’ve talked about some of them on this blog before – links below if you’re interested. This time I’ve dusted off a still from a 16mm movie made by friends Phil Tuppin and Andy Wicks during their time on the Film and Photographic Arts course at the Polytechnic of Central London, way back in the mid-1980s: an Orwellian future-fable called This Bloodless Age. On this occasion my contribution was mostly limited to a bit of casting and location support, but I also supplied the film’s opening shot of a futuristic building. (Please forgive the quality of this particular image – all I had to hand was the DVD transfer. Trust me when I say the original looks a lot cleaner.)
Our new little church, Baker Street Community Church, which averages less than 100 on Sunday morning even counting the as yet unborn - - - is very aware of meeting the needs of the sick, naked, lonely, and hungry in our community.
I Am Creating Light
In the second instance, Jesus makes the net or the relationships stronger. Little wonder that three weeks later, Peter is able to preach and influence 3000 Jews to follow him.
(Hey, we didn't get that nice included poster!)
Here is a slightly funny story which may or may not contain more information than you wanted to know:
Love everyone one you can. At times, try to love your enemy too. Because once you lose the people who are part of your life, you will miss them lot more than you can imagine. This is true because we are made up of all the experiences we have had in our life, and every single person who we have interacted with have shaped us in one way or another. Cherish their momentary purpose in your life and let them be. Loosing someone from your life will always leave a wound that can never be healed.
- 2 tbsp lemon juice
be our safeguard against the wickedness
“Campfire”
Me: … … … D: D: D:
“He put off the faith of his childhood quite simply, like a cloak that he no longer needed. At first life seemed strange and lonely without the belief which, though he never realized it, had been an unfailing support. He felt like a man who has leaned on a stick and finds himself forced suddenly to walk without assistance. It really seemed as though the days were colder and the nights more solitary. But he was upheld by the excitement; it seemed to make life a more thrilling adventure; and in a little while the stick which he had throw aside, the cloak which had fallen from his shoulders, seemed an intolerable burden of which he had been eased.”
When talking with an editor at Kensington I learned more details about what is working in their erotic Aphrodisia line. When it comes to erotica and erotic romance they are seeing the greatest success with paranormal and historical stories. Futuristic and fantasy is also starting to move ahead, while SF is not. Interestingly enough, contemporary seems to be working, but it’s on an author-by-author basis. In other words, they haven’t really pinpointed specifics, but it does seem to depend on the appeal of certain authors. Sadly, multicultural isn’t working as well for them as they would have hoped. They also find that fetish or fantasy books seem to work. In other words, you cowboy lovers are gravitating toward erotic cowboy collections, and the same holds true for firefighters, etc.
Colton said he met his miscarried sister, whom no one had told him about, and his great grandfather who died 30 years before Colton was born, then shared impossible-to-know details about each. He describes the horse that only Jesus could ride, about how “reaaally big” God and his chair are, and how the Holy Spirit “shoots down power” from heaven to help us.
In the context where we expect the military to make mistakes (that is what the military does, and is best at doing), and governments to cover-up, the long-stop is parliament, represented in particular by the select committee system. And on this issue – as with many others – it has failed. But Arbuthnot is one of the "good ol' boys", part of the Tory defence claque, who certainly weren't going to let Lady Ann rain on their self-congratulatory parade, much less listen to "voices off" from the far North.
I love the fact that the most basic issues are addressed in detail in these chapters. As anyone who has worked with metal clay knows - it can dry out quite quickly. She not only recommends her favorite storage method to keep the clay fresh over time, but instructs the reader on proper, minimal handling of the clay, and, again, why it's important to develop these handling techniques to extend the life of the clay to its maximum. Although taking up just a small section of the book, the topic is important, and it's clearly presented.
Welcome to my silly life
# 9: Issuing founder shares without vesting.
North Carolina closed its polls at 5:30 PM. Romney appears to have won by a wide margin. It was a semi-closed primary. Romney 65.74%. Paul 10.90%. Santorum 10.39%. Gingrich 7.14% No Preference 5.14%. The at-large state delegates will be elected at convention on June 3. North Carolina is a proportional state. It has 3 superdelegates (who are party officials and can do whatever they want), and 52 bound at-large delegates selected by the state committee. Paul will likely take a few delegates given that there are more than 50 of them and he came in second place.
6AM UPDATE. So I completely forgot that the whole point of this interlude was this question that I wanted people to answer. Early birds did not get to see the last paragraph (here). I’ve been struggling with this part of the character and any thoughts/insights would be very much appreciated. :)
After having lost their lives on this land, they have
As always, the night is not about looking for subtle flavour nuances in the beer that lap gently at the edges of the high notes in each dish or striving to find the apparent apricot note in the hops and the digestive biscuit sweetness in the malt. It’s all just about finding for yourself that beer and food actually work quite well together without looking for indicated cues.
this book! Cedella has so wonderfully adapted the words
I sliced the top of the pumkins off, scraped out the pumpkin flesh and put it aside for later (- pumpkin soup ! mmmm !! ) then put within both the pumpkins a bowl with water so it could work as a vase.
Fast forward, 2 New Years later,the Big Guy, our then 18 month old Bella and myself sit in our second home... in Indiana. Again, I am sitting with a burgeoning belly and a bursting heart. We are expecting our second child and all is right in the world. What more could I want out of this world? My cup of life overflowed with love. At that moment, I felt like I had everything that I had ever imagined I could need in my life. People spend their entire lives searching for the kind of relationship that the Big Guy and I have together.To me our girls were the living, breathing manifestation of all that love and respect that we have for one another. I sat there, fat and happy to be exactly in that moment.
I was fortunate to meet the GORGEOUS Leah a little over a year & half ago when Callie & I attended Fryerstown for the first time as vendors & shared a space....Leah happened to be next door to us which made for a WONDERFUL treat as her passion for Vintage Fashion made for a YUMMY place to visit during quite moments....!
Meaning, two long edges are endgrain.
There are many odds and ends to each adventure, but on this particular one, I feel there are a lot of pictures to help. So I hope you enjoy the ridiculous amounts of photos of Lysefjord. Trust me, I have only posted a fraction of the same shots taken 20 times over.
Ahi tuna served rare with edamame slaw, pickled ginger, wasabi and citrus-soy dipping sauce (regularly $11.95)
was a man of few words: he never lectured me on the
TCI: Crucial in studio presents?
The Culver City Public Theatre's (CCPT) 2009 season opens July 18 in Carlson Park. The Ancient One has been in rehearsal in the role of Grandpa In Hart and Kaufman's, You Can't Take it With You, a delightfully raucous comedy first staged on Broadway in 1936.
Rumours of how the French had murdered their own people reached me long before I’d arrived at Soissons. Even as an Englishman, and despite the never-ending conflicts between our countries, I couldn’t accept that the French would do such a thing. But when I walked through the city’s open gates and saw the multitude of bodies lying side by side, I believed.
Those who are regular participants in moderate to vigorous activities have the ability to deal with the stresses of daily life and are less likely than non-exercisers to suffer from anxiety and depression. An added outcome of regular exercise is the ability to control your weight.
I want to use some of the tweets I found when I searched for #graciasreyes with my Reyes Magos lesson in level 2. I’ll have to teach the lesson on Monday because my son is sick today, so we are at home. I decided that the best way to show the students would be to put the tweets into a Power Point for them to read and then create their own tweet about their Christmas. I searched for Power Point templates that looked like a Twitter page but couldn’t find any, so I made my own.
“It means he is happy being a chameleon, like you’re happy being a boy named Sam.”
NISA makes preference for participants who have already obtained their MA degrees or are in the process of MA or PhD researches.
To protect the Palace were used American special forces, which came into violent collision with the leaders of the coup.
As the Gateway Pundit notes, it’s almost impossible to watch the video and not see the striking similarities between what happened in Wisconsin and what’s going on right now with the “grassroots” Occupy Wall Street movement.
7. Clean my room, which is not done very frequently, but is now occuring at the slow slow rate of our friend the limpet.
The San Diego Chargers have been hot and cold in the draft. Lately, it’s been cold in the early rounds. General manager A.J. Smith could care less what the consensus might be around the league. He has his own player rankings and he sticks to them. It makes for some unpredictable drafts. While most fans cheer–or boo–their team’s draft selections, Charger fans tend to respond with “uhh…okay…” or “what?!” Overall the Chargers have drafted well, especially in the later rounds, so I can’t complain too much.
With my priorities settled, I turned my attention back to cars.
amongst the growing things and with the best of company. This past Friday brought me the unbridled joy of seeing my dear friend Ms. Bosworth and her dear fiancé arrive safely at the plantation. I had spent my entire day in fits of anxiety, fearing every hour brought a new set of dangers, and that indeed something ill had befallen them. Gladly, as the hour of five approached, my heart was set at ease in spying their carriage from my bedroom window approach. I am amazed I did not do harm to myself as I ran down the stairs in my haste to greet them; all the while calling through the house “They have come! They have come! Ms. Bosworth is safely arrived!” I caused such a commotion I suspect nearly every servant stopped what task they were conducting to observe what is was. Mrs. Hegwood stepped from the parlor and Mr. Hegwood from his study, each looking bewildered and perturbed at my behavior. I gave not the time for Nigel to execute his task of announcing them, for I was out of the door and to their carriage before it could even stop rightly, calling to them and projecting my well-wishing sentiments at the top of my voice. I confess my conduct in no way reflected the state of my expensive and exhausted up-bringing.
From the Huffington Post in 2010:
Parallels are not a part of my mission.
She blogs at:
There were all sorts of reasons the Gift-Givers might want to keep a Sherim secret, and a similar number of reasons why Rissad might want to expose them. He was, after all, a Gifted, charged with defending mankind against the Second Realm. And if, unlike his brother, he hadn't betrayed his species, he had information Rel needed.
“Too many people over-value what they are not and under-value what they are.” Malcolm Forbes
Pack 8: Lee Evans, Jon Beason, Jordan Shipley Autographed Patch Refractor #125/500, Arrelious Benn RC
