(10) We must all appear before the judgment seat of Christ, so that everyone may receive the things done in his body, according as he has done either good or bad” (II Cor. 5:10). Since, however, there is then to be satisfaction according to men’s merits, how will anyone be able to reckon with God? By mentioning both the judgment seat and the distinction between good and bad works, he sets before us a Judge who is to award both sentences. He has thereby affirmed that all will have to be present at the tribunal in their bodies.
The game times out with the Vikings only losing a total of 5 bases and not one single battle group, The French suffered badly losing 5 battle groups, four I think were Nights. So a good win for the Vikings … Whaoooo. Using the tournament scoring it would have been a 15 to 5 win for the Vikings.
First I'll start off showing you the camera I used for all of them. It's made out of wood with foam on the inside to make it light tight. To take a picture, you have to use a 4x5 negative carrier which we borrowed from our teacher and had to return so I don't have them anymore.
Come on now, it's 2012. Although Ghanaians might know that GHANA is the gateway to West Africa while Nigerians believe their country to be the destination, I think it is only fair to doff
Saturday, April 21, 2012
We bring our big water coolers and a little folding table, two big canopy tents with sides and tarps for the ground, and a few camping chairs. We get to the meets early, which really does mean early--most meets are on Saturday mornings, with the runners needing to report in time to walk/jog the course, stretch, warm up with their team, and prepare mentally and physically...which means they're usually arriving about 90 minutes before their race begins. We get things set up for them so that when they arrive, they can relax, get into their warm up shoes, and stay warm while they wait to run their respective races. Last year, when I was carrying my little Gingersnap beneath my heart, I stayed home with little ones (or sometimes alone!!), and now I see what I was missing out on. Even with a very small team (we have about 15 runners all together), the kids have a wonderful time.
Listening to music by Explosions In The Sky – I vote that we listen to that at work because it is so peaceful and calming. I need peaceful. I crave it. When I get home from work, I somewhat dread it. Not that I don’t like our apartment (who am I kidding, my boyfriend and I hate it) but it’s a total wasteland. We have too much stuff. We’re not hoarders by any means, but the last thing I want to do after getting home is sort an area of a room and hope it’ll stay like that for at least a month. I’m partly to blame on this, because when we do clean/straighten up, it doesn’t last. We’re hoping by the time we move into THE BEST PLACE EVER things will change. As in, no clutter. Anywhere. During the moving process, I’ll be going through a major purging. I cannot wait to get rid of a lot of my stuff. Clothes that I don’t wear/no longer fit/not me; bookcase that I still like very much but it won’t match our decor. It cost me maybe $50 at Target in 2005, so it isn’t a big investment at all. It’s just survived all the moves I’ve made since then. I have a hard time of letting things go.
A picture of the entrance of our old apartmentin KC. It was our very first home together, so it holds a pretty special place in our hearts.
We were told that the offenders can purchase small flat screen type televisions through the commissary for $160.00.
As luck would have it there was a group of young Frenchmen in Madrid. It was not John’s wish to lean on friends for assistance. However, after a few weeks of living on next to nothing John was becoming desperate. His outgoing personality allowed him to make friends quite quickly. Among those young Frenchmen were some on the king’s personal guard. The Spanish royal family preferred the French for that security force.
Turning to Molly, Brian observed, “And, you’ve been here a lot, though. You’ve been on the weekends quite often.” Smiling, Molly answered, “Yeah, I’ve been doing the weekends with Clayton and Dave. It’s been great. Everybody’s been wonderful.”
Apart from catching the beautiful sunrise and beating the 10 AM - 1 PM Machu Picchu tour group rush hour, the reason most people head up to the site so early is to get a stamp on their ticket to climb Wayna Picchu. They only allow 400 people per day to hike this mountain with a shift at 7:00 AM and at 10:00 AM. All early AM hikers and the first few bus passengers have their choice of time, but people on the buses a bit later get stuck with the 7:00 AM slot and then soon all 400 places run out while people are still in line.
But man has free will. He can and does chose to reject the gospel of Jesus Christ.
Sorry for the absence, but I had a temporary reassignment that put me in a position that didn't exactly give me a wealth of tales to relate, but now I'm back on the street with a new squad of officers and the stories are about to start rolling again because these guys are kicking ass and taking names out there. So stay tuned and I promise to make up for the dearth of posts these last several months.
As to what exactly what "get bin Laden" meant. I think most all reasonable people understand it meant to take him out. To rid society of a major terrorist who was responsible for the death of over 3,000 of our fellow Americans. End of discussion.
TV host: How can you reconstruct the hymen without surgery?
Not everyone in this room will return here next year,
It flayed open my chest and showed me my own diamond bones.
I immediately sat up on the sofa. I rubbed my eyes and realised that it was really all a dream. But everything seemed so realistic. It seemed almost like I was physically there. Then, I heard the same loud sound again.
1. Brussels sprouts.
The next morning, I took off again for the ride to Ho. This was a spectacular part of the country, with small villages lining the roads and mountain vistas in the background. I had all day to get to Ho and made the most of it, stopping often to take pictures and meet people – probably important since I didn’t have a map and needed to make sure I wasn’t going to the wrong way. The highlight of this part was taking the switchbacks to cross the mountains. When I finally did get to Ho in the early afternoon, I couldn’t find the guesthouse I was looking for and got lost. Ended up taking a wrong turn and riding through the Ho market on market day, which was an intense experience. One of the reasons I didn’t want to make the first part of the journey with the rest of the guys was because I didn’t feel I had enough stop-and-go experience in the bigger cities. My trials in Ho definitely gave me that, and burned any doubts out of my system.
Returning from the Easter holiday break, investors pushed shares in Chile, Argentina and the United States lower after the U.S. Labor Department said Friday that the economy added 120,000 jobs, lower than the 210,000 projected by economists in a MarketWatch survey.
I have just purchased two books on de-cluttering your home (what do I need a book for! I know what to do, I just need to get on with it). So I will be posting before and after shots as my home cluttering goes along!
Let’s start with Gene.
forth your heart. I have heard your
In addition, we have a child, and I guess it is best that he grows up without the wrong influences around him. Although, given how so many children rebel against their parents, our decision to quit may well result in him becoming a sixty a day tobacco baron.
I am suffering greatly from allergies right now
Welcome Linda!!!
How will the bond markets react as the real state of Spanish debt starts to emerge? The property market is already collapsing, unemployment is high, already some municipalities can't pay their bills.
As a teacher, I really didn't like parents that bribed their children. What does it teach them? To expect something for doing something they should be doing anyway. I vowed every day that I dealt with a bribed child that I would never, ever, ever bribe my child. You really don't know anything until you have kids.
Christian Zionist leaders like Gary Bauer, John Hagee and Pat Robertson are not the only ones who believe the Christian Zionist vote controls the USA. Politician Tom Delay who was an ardent supporter of every war against Islam, recently was quoted as saying at John Hagee’s Night to Honor Israel in Washington DC, that he not only “believes in the Rapture, I live for it” Too bad Delay left the world in such a mess just before his anticipated departure.(8)
Whatever you teach is based on the highest tattva or principles of absolute truth. Hence, when you speak about bogus gurus, you include the entire gamut of gurus, both within and outside of Vaishnava sampradaya. Generally one tends to think that you are referring to cheaters outside of the Vaishnava sampradaya. But in order to teach us deviations in our own sampradaya, you even point out specific examples of Vaishnavas posing as acaryas though not qualified. But unfortunately this is one issue in your movement that had been and is being compromised repeatedly after your Samadhi eating into the purity of your transcendental mission.
Nowhere is the dreamer or the misfit so alone. . .
We've tried various things that troubleshooters recommend, but had to come to the conclusion that this particular fridge needs some serious help. Luckily, the big-box hardware store we purchased it from is willing to swap the fridge out for us rather than make us try to fix an appliance that has only been in our house since Monday; unluckily, no one around here has the model we bought, so we have to go pick a totally different one and then pray (and you know I mean that literally--who's the patron saint of appliances?) that this time around the refrigerator will work.
Recognize that transgender rights are an important part of LGBT rights as a whole because when someone is being attacked for being gay or lesbian it is because they are being attacked for being gender variant—such as butch or effeminate men. There is a definite connection between misogyny and gender variance. It’s the men that do not try to meet the type of masculinity–the men that don’t accept masculinity as being socially superior that get attacked more. Everyone is unique. We all share a DNA profile and just because we all don’t conform to a certain gender we should not be ostracized. There is a reason why we have the It Gets Better Campaign, its not just society that is rejecting children, but families rejecting their children. It is important that our stories get on to Daily Kos because this is a democratic blog that does have the readership and it is vitally important that people know we do exist, or we can be easily dismissed. What goes on with us effects more than just us.
But, now, the acts of desecration have reduced such potential to nothing. The absence of tuyilam illam, in other words, will serve as a focal point for enhanced embitterment towards the government.
In his voice.
And I thought, what more appropriate time to tell it than on or around the twentieth
Be realistic. Set goals that are attainable. If you don't read your Bible regularly now, don't set a goal to read the entire Bible in three months. Instead commit to read it three to five times per week.
it helped me reframe it.
Darice Embossing folder- Dot
8:40pm – Post Game Ceremony on field
How to spot
My biggest obsession for journaling is copic markers. I am totally addicted to them. Non-artists think I'm crazy when I wax sentimental on the incredible awesomeness of these markers. And my family never listens to me when I ask for them as birthday or Christmas gifts. I think they think I'm kidding. But I never kid when it comes to my markers.
Back!
Have you seen it? Did you love?
I've tried, you know. I've really tried to get the enthusiasm back for this blogging malarkey, but it just isn't happening. So I think I'll set myself up with a New Year's Resolution that I can almost certainly stick to - no more blogging here. As such, this is the last post that will be published here.
The “M2″ money supply includes everything in the “M1″ money supply plus most other savings accounts, money market accounts, retail money market mutual funds, and small denomination time deposits (certificates of deposit of under $100,000). In June 2011 the M2 money supply was $9.11 trillion.
How about you? How do you prefer to have your Nachos? Do you have other unique yet healthy recipes? (Oh my! Am I turning to a food and cook blogger?)
Charles Stade, who travelled from Tanzania to join Occupy Toronto, was denied access to the meeting after trying to gain entry with a share under another person’s name.
Enes Kanter – (Under Armour) Various – size 16
When I woke early this morning to the sound of rain and leftover feelings from some unsettling dreams, I thought again of that poorly placed brush pile and decided I should move it as soon as possible. I didn't want anything obstructing my view of the flowers. And as much as I actually like brush piles and the notion that they can be habitat for a variety of creatures, I knew this one needed moving.
My current book, ABSOLUTE ZERO COOL, has a bit of fun with the notion of agit-prop, setting up a hospital as a metaphor for the country itself, with a demented hospital porter hell-bent on blowing it up in order to alert the nation to the dangers of depending too heavily on the kindness of strangers. My new book, SLAUGHTER’S HOUND, which I’ve just finished, is also influenced by current events - I find it very difficult to ignore that kind of thing, simply because it would be unrealistic for characters not to be engaged on a daily basis with the wider context of how their lives are being lived, or - more accurately, perhaps - how they are forced to live their lives.
Okay–now I’m done for tonight.
Happy Mother's Day !!
More than thirty-five years ago, Gordon Meyers, an aspiring writer with a low number in the draft lottery, packed his belongings and reluctantly drove away, leaving behind Glenna Rising, the sexy, sharp-witted med student he couldn’t imagine living without.
And yes, the first draft is a bunch of rubbish.
laugh if they read this because I'm not typically quiet but the
My hat will go off to the person who can correctly answer all 30, but I’m not quite sure if any of my guests will be able to pull that off.
1 stamp set - Hero Arts Clings - Framed Messages
A very pretty lemon-yellow.
Unfortunately, her produce record hasn’t come close to matching her performance on the track (albeit, it is a rare case when it does) and it is starting to appear her greatest legacy in her second career might come as a second dam.
The third major character, Hrathen, could technically be considered a villain. He is a priest/warrior-monk who has been sent to convert Arelon to the Fjordell religion. If Arelon isn’t converted within three months, his superiors will destroy it. However, conversion to the Fjordell religion would mean a loss of Arelon’s autonomy, as the religion is based on hierarchy and obedience. I thought that it was a very interesting choice to use a villain as a major protagonist. It definitely made the book more interesting, especially as we came to understand Hrathen’s motives and his own misgivings.
Coriander seeds - 1 and 1/2 tablespoons
Tea was finally made.
Keep your eye on this one. Rather than the rococo climate models, brimming with epicyclic escape clauses, "gridding", "adjusting", and "smoothing", you have a simple hypothesis that maps very, very closely to a data set that stretches back a half billion years.
Jared: Yep. I love tobogganing.
Anyway, so day one of the first Yellow Ribbon Event, I dutifully packed my knitting in my purse. I almost always have a project with me and this was no exception. (See? Told ya. Knitting!) During the big auditorium presentations, I pulled out my simple stockinette sock and worked a few rows. I love stockinette socks for times like these because I can work on them and still make eye contact. Later, in our smaller group presentations, I left the knitting in my purse. There were only 4-20 people in each group and it just seemed rude to pull out the knitting. You and I both know that I can and do pay attention while I knit, but most muggles just don't understand that, and I'd hate to insult anyone, ya know?
Is it crunchy?
it’s just, each day, i do more
**I keep going back and forth on the "next baby" thing. I'd love to have them three or so years apart, but these old eggs ain't getting any younger, so I've been thinking 18-24 months apart (if I have the luxury of deciding/planning, which I may not). I'd love three kids, and that's going to be pushing it, even with them two years apart. We're already out of the 18-month end of things, and I'm keeping my fingers crossed that we can sneak one in there to get in on the 24 months apart timeline.
I really enjoyed this book and it was a real page turner. I thought that the characters were developed and you really felt connected to Daisy, the main character. You really felt bad for her because of the situation that she got herself into with telling just one lie.
Most cities and towns have a "Main Street", but back in the day, many had a "Race Street" and/or "Trotter's Alley" as well.
Thinking about this, I’ve decided if I take it slowly, as it’s my group, I’m not under any particular time constraints and if I have support and assistance, this might be a positive distraction from my own disabilities and the depression that I constantly battle. I’ll have to be aware of not taking on the stress of other parents, practice putting boundaries in place and maintaining them. I’ll need to designate time each month to work on the support group and stress that I’m not in the business of actively advocating for anyone any longer, my physical limitations prevent me from attending meetings with families and my short term memory loss gets in the way of me acting on behalf of other families appropriately.
And the goose isn't the only thing getting fat. As Younger Daughter said a few minutes ago (with a beatific look on her face), "Chocolate truffles for breakfast, turkey with gravy for lunch, and did you say there's pie left? Do we have any whipped cream, or shall I go get some?"
To Whomever Decided It Was A Good Idea To Show A Mom Cleaning Up After Her Entire Family:
I was still worried, but continued, adding the dry ingredients, and mixing up the dough to what was supposed to be “firm”. But it was nowhere near firm. Not even in the same universe as firm. Just sloppy and sticky. I was sure it was ruined, so I made a judgment call to start over, and spooned the sticky goo onto a cookie sheet, which later became some plain old butter cookies. (Pretty good, by the way, especially with a milk dunk.)
“Jimmy Dickens is uniquely and forever tied to the Grand Ole Opry,” said Pete Fisher, Opry vice president and general manager. “He is one of the most beloved and respected people in the history of not only the Opry, but all of country music, and we are thrilled to celebrate this landmark anniversary with him.”
Source:Sarah Maid Of Albion Blog
The festive season is upon us and I'm getting rather excited. I'm working on lots of new things. I made a special Ragdoll for Christmas but I sold her before I could even take a picture.
It seemed weird to me that Mike wanted to have lunch with me alone, since he, John, and I had been long time friends and something of a "Three Musketeers" act at the company where we all worked. None the less, I accompanied Mike to a very nice local restaurant. (This also seemed weird to me because we generally went to dives that were cheap but had good food.)
Chicory
1/2 cup cream
Logan’s reaction is fairly typical as well, almost trite, for he dumps Curtis and succumbs to this hunk’s manipulation like smitten spinster; eventually ending up in his bed. However, I hasten to add that it is Eric’s skill and wit as a writer that makes this seems fresh and above all entertaining.
He makes a decent case for Romney, discusses what he considers to be President Obama's failures domestically and abroad and in particular, discusses the Hispanic vote and how to win it in a sensible way. Worth watching, definitely.
“Make sure you stretch out the elastic before snapping in order to get a good fit.”
Here are the last of our holiday photos (well the ones I'm sharing with you).
A huge collection of rare catalogs and posters is also stored, as is virtually every works manual. Original works drawings are kept in a separate archive in Weissach, Germany. Porsche is not convinced of the longevity of digital storage, so all original drawings are also photographed using traditional cameras. New material is always being added, including rare collections of racing posters from around the world, sometimes donated by collectors. A varied collection of memorabilia is stored.
2011 saw the release of my third book after a gap of over two years, and it was a relief and a joy to get my place in the nation's bookshops back again. That's the main landmark, and that's how I'll probably always think of 2011, the year of Shadows on the Moon. Highlights included getting a five star review from Books For Keeps, getting shortlisted for the St Helen's Book Award, and seeing the amazing book trailer for the first time.
Many of us are in awe of the French woman's style....whatever that may be defined as...but let's just say that most of us agree that there is something tres chic about the Parisian woman. There are a million and one opinions out there about the hows and the whys (myself included) of that indefinable je ne sais quoi but recently Vogue Paris have cut to the chase and created a very simple list of ten essential items for any self respecting woman who would like to dress in the French way. This is a simple no-nonsense list that makes sense. These are pieces of clothing that we can all wear, whatever our age....and isn't that the important point and the point of difference with French women....classic with a twist...a little like a martini...shaken and not stirred. We all want to dress French so here is the how....
05.Blistering Subconscious Mind (03:53)
Todd and Leslie had both been very successful lawyers and had scrimped and saved every penny they made, Nancy knew she wouldn’t ever have to worry about money after the parents passed away. Nevertheless, she knew everything they had, would eventually be hers. Nancy was self-sufficient and liked being independent. Although she wouldn’t have a choice after her parents passed away, she didn’t like the idea of taking money from them. They had already paid a massive amount of money just raising her and paying for her education. They had been excellent parents, and she didn’t want anything more from them. When her parents lost their battle with The Grim Riper, Nancy decided she would go all out and get everything she ever wanted out of life.
It is therefore opportune, at this juncture, that we remind ourselves the basic principles of democracy, that the “People are the Boss”.
4. Make Friends with the Nurses – I quickly learned that if you have a good nurse, you’ll be much happier for it! I’m chatty and made friends with Nurse Angie, who went out of her way to get me “upgraded” to a nicer room. It was a quiet flat-screen TV, wood floors, a couch and table, not to mention a much better bathroom situation (upgraded features). Also, there are different levels of hospital rooms?
Little did I know, Jordan actually liked me too. Go figure. He would take me home every day from swim practice and cheer me on at meets. I would (try to) flirt with him and he would respond.
Anti-abortion activists hailed the arrests of Brigham and Riley.
There I was ruminating over the Illustration Friday theme - dusty. I just didn't know what to do with myself. My mind wandered into old book shops with wizened old men sitting on stools in the corner surrounded by piles of dusty volumes... I dreamt of vintage bottles of vin rouge gathering a murky outside coating in the cellars of French Chateaux. I even contemplated sketching something in the dust on the TV. Until, at last the Muse rapped on the back of my eyelids then started singing something into the windmills of my mind. I think she was rather wishin and a hopin that I'd listen. She knows I'll try anything and, given that my weekly Sunday Sketch is beginning to have a theme of boundary pushing, then an attempt at an accurate portrait seemed perfect.
in a giant bubble to protect her from the outside world.
I’ll come right out and say it—this is a film adaptation that surpasses the book it’s based on. As Cleolinda Jones points out in her casual and brilliant “numbered thoughts”, “a story about a visual medium in a visual medium is just naturally going to be more effective. I mean, is there a book about books and the reading of them that has been more artistically successful as a movie adaptation?” By removing Katniss’ internal dialogue (which makes her a more ambiguous and dynamic character) and pulling back to examine the entire system, it’s more politically focused. The love triangle, which I found so incredibly awkward and forced in the novel, becomes a distant third to the dystopia itself and Katniss’ relationship with her family, and the ambiguity that comes with the removal of Katniss’ internal monologue makes it engaging and, occasionally, thrilling—are Katniss and Peeta attracted to each other, trying to game the system, or on different points on a spectrum between the two? All of it—the story, the love triangle, the dystopia—is just so much more affecting here. I’m still hesitant about whether or not I want to continue the books (more on that in a bit), but I will be seeing the other movies (which, considering the box office for this past weekend, are definitely happening). This is the rare case where the movie is better than the book.
Maybe I'm the canary in the cole mine.
Draft #4 has already been handed off to the last two readers it will see before I query agents. I’m working on the edits from one of those readers today. Luckily, it’s a small pile of fixes. Mostly typos.
To fight for our rights back at home while we're gone,
This month, we have a slight change in our venue. One of our members, Ray, is also owner of PA BBQ - now the only BBQ restaurant in Indiana. The club will meet on Tuesday, Sept 14 at PA BBQ, starting after 7pm. This is a BYOB event, whether homebrew or a commercial example. Ray will provide a small buffet of ribs, pulled pork, and some other goodies, and asks only for a $5 payment to cover the cost of food. Thanks Ray!
I have to clock in at 7am. Meaning I have to leave the apartment no later than 6:10am (and that’s pushing it), meaning I have to be away by 5am. I wake up and shower/spend zero time on myself because sleep is so much more precious. We cover our hair with a hair cap and our face with a mask anyone, so no one sees you. I prefer my oatmeal to be made in a pot over the stove… cooking oatmeal in the microwave just gives it this flavor and texture I do not like… So waiting until I get to work and eating is not an option. So I am eating around 6am. I then drive to work and clock in and am going going going going until I maybe get a break at 10 something to quickly pee and then finally get a lunch break around noon. This means a few things (especially on days that I have to scrub in and am in the sterile field passing instruments)…. 1. I am no longer able to drink a crap ton of water, at least in the morning through early afternoon. You cannot leave the OR to pee every half hour, or hour, or three hours. 2. I’m going for quite some time without eating until I eat something on my 10 o’clock pee break…. side note on that in a second. and 3. I am absolute starving by noon. Starving.
So, if my way of life is supposed to be without love of money and not greedy, then how can I justify a lifestyle of buying new clothes for every season, having 14 pairs of shoes in my closet, and planning a future around career goals instead of spiritual goals? Can I look myself straight on in the mirror and honestly say that my lifestyle is without greediness?
Isn't it gorgeous? And though a few of the Ameliaranne stories are available as downloads, what a shame it would be to miss the visceral experience of holding this beautiful small book! And smelling it - it has a wonderful scent of bookcloth, glossy paper, and time. And love.
Elizabeth Carolyn Miller — Associate Professor of English
13th June – London, The Macbeth – Single launch show – w/ T.W.I.N.S
i mean c'mon. it's all about papi really, right?
The faith that men and women in the Bible show at times of difficulty and uncertainty is sometimes very surprising. Watching how they heroically act makes us forget at times that they were human beings just like us. Maybe that’s why, in their stories, the bible also mentions their flaws so we’re reminded then that they had fears, dreams, families, flaws –lives, just like we do. It is then that we are able to see that these people could only have this kind of faith by beholding a great God.
Those are the times you think you don't want to be wearing your Bridget Jones knickers, but I would have killed for them instead of the red thong I did have on. Thongs do not offer much in the way of coverage, that's why I wear them - no 4 cheeked arse pantie lines.
I started laughing at her. She was still frozen, crying out for me to help her. I thought I could make a deal. “If I help you, will you promise to share the noodles with me?” She nodded yes. So,I scraped the noodles off of her arms and legs and she really did have red marks. Felt a little bad. Not really.
and he was like "hmmm. maybe?? it'd have to be about something fun."
What did you think of Michael Stuart-Ware's book Pegasus Carousel, detailing his time as Love's drummer during their "classic" 1966-69 period? The book varied wildly in my opinion between being a fascinating read into Love and the L.A. music scene circa 1967-68, and Ware reliving too many dull moments in his daily routine. He really takes leader Arthur Lee down a few pegs with various stories detailing Arthur's flakiness in canceling big money gigs at the drop of a hat, and his chronic / caustic put downs of other band members and fans. I think Ware was pissed off that everyone looked at Love as only being "Arthur Lee", and that the other guys didn't really matter regardless of how much they contributed to the songs.
Sweaters: 3
What do you do for fun?
With that whole build-up, it’s crazy that I wouldn’t sample a plate of macarons after enjoying a beautiful lunch at the Champs-Elysée location and rhapsodize here about the flavors. But, you see, I haven’t even touched on Ladurée’s pastries and cakes yet. For as wonderful as the macarons are, the desserts are really something to be savored.
“No longer will you be trying to lock people up. You will be trying to prevent children from being locked up.”
As an adult adoptee–I am not confused about this. This is true. It is no one’s responsibility and not even within anyone’s capability to heal my hurts. It is my own journey, and only God has true healing for me. That much I know. Whew! I’m glad I know something!
- the visit from our home health nurse today! Henry seems to be doing just fine after this last shot! Praise God!
Anna Gare, is best known as a Judge on Junior Masterchef Australia
1) The closet was dripping, the coats were mushy, and I looked like I fell in a lake. Brenda looked mad. John looked mad. My classmate looked mad. The customers looked confused.
Rather, the timing of the LSWR’s approach to the Midland and SDR were determined by the GWR and B&ER’s actions. The LSWR's trade could have been potentially disadvantaged if they had taken over the line, and Portal, the LSWR Deputy-Chairman, stated that the GWR and B&ER’s proposals were ‘highly injurious to the interests of the public, contrary to the interests of Parliament and hurtful to the South
What happens the rest of the time?
Stomp, stomp, thomp thomp that’s the sound of my feet . Pound pound that is the sound of my heart as it skips and jumps to the beat. Heat, fears, fear blood rushing through my veins is the sound in my ears.!
1 expressed
Sorry its been so long since I have posted or visited any other blogs. Been too busy for my own good. . .
- Several hundred thousand rocky asteroids
Shisha has dangerous effects on the body because it exposes the smoker to a much larger volume of smoke than what would be inhaled from a cigarette. Not only that, but shisha smokers are exposed to other toxins such as carbon monoxide, heavy metals, and a variety of cancer causing chemicals which are no less dangerous than those found in cigarette smoke.
Applying the doctrine of foreign equivalents, the Board found that "'Fiore' is an Italian word that is listed as the only translation of the common English word 'flower.' It is the type of term that potential customers would stop and translate. Italian, as a major, modern language, is not an obscure language such as Old English." The Board had no doubt that "the term would be recognized as the Italian word for 'flower.'"
through your air and brushing
Some did so out of fear for their jobs. Some did so out of concern for the way their public personas would be perceived. Some did so to preserve the prestige of the football program, or the university. Some did it because their relative power led to hubris. Some did it to preserve an "all for one, one for all" code. But they all did it.
Bubba (his sitter's son's nickname)
You should only stockpile items that you find a great deal on and you use those items on a regular basis. Don't stockpile items that you never use, or something you just use every now and then. Unless, it's Free of course. If it's Free, you could purchase it, then donate it to someone in need. Example: I found a great deal on cat food awhile back. I purchased it (it was free after coupon) although I don't have a cat. Then, I gave it to my friend, who has a cat. I have also been able to make money by purchasing baby formula, although I don't have a baby, my kids are older! I donated the formula to a local pregnancy crisis center. Always remember that items can be donated, or given away!
China has a history of being a very controlling and violent regime, but I doubt serious harm will be inflicted upon Ai Weiwei in detention. There are too many eyes on China at this point and I'm sure he's a "cash cow" of sorts for many influential art affiliates in China. I do not see the spirit of Ai to be one that will succumb to authority. I just hope that he will be released quickly to a body of people, stronger and greater in number and spirit.
Anaru: Jintan is Jintan! You call him so, too, don’t you?! Anything wrong with me!?
We Stayed: Hostal Colibri
CAN Price: $40.00
So I've been considering what I should do. Boycott all chocolate? The problem with that is pulling money out of the cocoa industry completely certainly isn't going to help the economic situation that contributes to these problems. Besides that, I'm already totally addicted. So I started reading up on fair-trade cocoa. The fair trade certification indicates that the farmers are paid a fair price (i.e. a higher price) for their cocoa and in return, they allow inspections to be sure their workers are being treated fairly. In the case of chocolate, I've read organic chocolate can be considered fair trade as well because the Ivory Coast does not produce organic chocolate.
“The Frog Prince” by Playhouse on the Square
That’s why stuff like Guernica is so great. It takes a really specific thing- the bombing of a specific town, in a specific war- and makes it about universal issues. Death, cruelty, sorrow and on. It also makes it aesthetic, but not in a way that diminishes the message. Political art is not doing that now at all. And it certainly wasn’t doing it at the fairs.
Following his successful 2004 release, Garifuna Soul, Aurelio spent four years in Honduran congress “advocating for his people in the political sphere”. Laru Beya marks his return to music, but in many ways, this album is a departure. It exudes confidence and floats freely. Whether this is freedom from the marginalization that all too often comes with being Garifuna, or freedom from the the constraints of an increasingly formulaic genre, Aurelio’s voice is powerful and earnest.
Here is the recipe for my dhaba's home-made fried fish fingers. Do try this at your home. Take our word for it - you, family members, or your friends would devour it all in one go :-) Enjoy!
Last week, South Africa's ruling African National Congress (ANC) finally told its members to stop singing the song "Kill the Boer" -- that is, murder white South Africans. ("Boer" is Afrikaans for "farmer," but colloquially, it is a disparaging term for any white South African.) This came after ANC Youth League leader Julius Malema defied a court ruling and kept singing the song (he still refuses to stop), and after Eugene Terreblanche, leader of the noxious and hateful neo-Nazi Afrikaner Resistance Movement (AWB), was found savagely bludgeoned to death at his farm in South Africa's North West province.
We decided not to pass up the opportunity to snag one of these beauties, for a couple of reasons. We had originally thought of doing a DIY option, but we were getting more limited on time for scouring thrift stores. And we had seen some options online and on eBay for similar types, but they were up in the $60-$70 range. This one was coming in at $40 smackaroos, so again, we were sold on checking this off on the list.
I was LOST last week without it. My trigger finger was getting itchy without our handy prompts to be on the look out for. (On a related note, I need to get a life!)
Forest City Ratner is trying to have it both ways: on the one hand, this building seems blighted (and thus a justification for the exercise of eminent domain); on the other, this was a building where condo owners, according to the New York Times, doubled their money. Forest City Ratner wasn't paying handsomely for an empty shell; they were paying some upper middle-class residents who had invested in a nice apartment to hand over their apartments and to desist from any support of groups opposing the Atlantic Yards project.
Yes, you know I am married. But that leaves you wondering who I am proposing to and why would a married woman blast her extra-marital business across the internet for everyone to judge...
The ring of fire
Visitations are not always seeing the individual. Some are feelings or a smell such as the scent of the perfume worn by the deceased. Others are arrangements of objects that were important to the person who has passed. There have been instances of collections that belonged to the deceased being re-arranged even though no one was near them.
So, it was a very pleasant surprise when a few weeks before Christmas, I received a copy of the new book in the mail. I opened it to discover that it was divided into sections. Each section discussed common ailments and which foods could be used to address them and why. At the end of each section was a diet plan based on the recipes in the back of the book. The five recipes I provided were included in many of the plans. One in particular is this recipe for Spicy Biscotti.
"Sure", I mumbled in my sleep-induced haze.
He re-learned how to write a letter (and that he should mail it right away so he doesn’t lose it), go ice-skating, re-introduce himself to the people nearest to him, enjoy a bike ride or a day in the park, have breakfast with friends, and have an enviably solid work session without the distractions of social networking. I loved that he discovered who his true friends were, versus the acquaintances who wanted him to be always available in case they got bored.
Good posture while sitting, standing and lifting can help you avoid pain, make your life more comfortable and avoid injury.
Nobody knows, but
“ground-breaking book, Peter McManners shines a spotlight on some of the most intractable and important issues of the current age…should be compulsory reading for policy makers and students of international affairs.” by Paul Taylor, Emeritus Professor of International Relations, London School of Economics
Coat: D&G by Dolce & Gabbana
Finally a special hello the the best motor mechanic in Kinross
The Tribunal also stated, without substantiation, that white people in authority have "an expectation of docility and compliance" from black people they encounter.
And this is coming from someone who absolutely loves Cobra , which actually should have had less going for it than Over The Top!
There are plenty of alcoholics in my family, but I've experienced them at a distance. They aren't my mom or dad, they are jovial uncles, and one now-recovered aunt. As a result, I've just heard snatches about alcoholism. "It's a disease just like any other." "You can be high-functioning." "You can't just go cold turkey, you have to ease off or your body will go into shock."
To be so drawn into it you just cannot put it down.
Deanna Parkton suggests asking the interviewer if they need any additional qualifications or information so your message has an additional, helpful purposes as well.
The next seed actually came with a little fertilizer and watering as well. A young lady in my Speech class at college gave her speech on why it was better to run for exercise outside, rather than indoors on a treadmill. Again – doesn’t apply, I never run for exercise and don’t have a treadmill or a gym membership. Still, she said a few things that intrigued me.
Now if I can just get the 14 year old to eat something other than chicken, mashed potatoes, and mac and cheese we'll be in business . . .
2) In the meantime juice the watermelon in a juicing machine. "If you don't
There is no frigate like a book
mitchy-matchy christmas outfits
As I finally got around to just sitting, here she came…with ‘the paw’…and soft brown eyes…and guilt for me
A. Correct.
LECTURES include - Deeper into Nothing - How to Build a House for €25,000
It was with great pleasure that 3XWrestling contacted MWR to work together to give back to the hundreds of fans that have been packing ALL-PLAY to see many of the best in the Midwest battle it out.
Light Pink CS for the base & the layer.....
1) It was pink. I am a man-child, and being seen with a fuchsia colored laptop is not exactly "manly." My current laptop is jet black, like my heart.
You see, the shields they were packing will hold off most turret fire and high explosives without fail for an extended period of time, but the Alliance scrimped a little on the walker’s budget, I heard. They never bothered once to try and make those same beehive barriers of theirs dense enough to stop a bullet from a handgun or a rifle. And when I wasn’t being penalised for calling the top brass a bunch of spineless cravens and pencil-pushers, I was the sharpest shot this side of the Horsehead Nebula.
A place that is cozy,
Pink long sleeve top
"Ok. Then come get me and I'll bring her to the nursery."
If you can see, you have to help.
Ryan is determined to get this basement done, especially with the mudding and sanding. I am ready for it to be done too and I'm not even doing any of the dirty work. We have drywall dust in every crevice of our house and all I can keep doing is whipping down the kitchen counters and saying "I'm ready for this to be over!!!" Mudding isn't even the slightest bit fun, you cant see any change except for smoother white walls instead of dry wall (again, I'm talking like I'm actually doing the mudding)
The underlying themes become isolation, civilisational collapse, energies not of this plane and other-dimensional beings. Barker was a professor of Urdu and South Asian studies, and well-thought-out societies and constructed languages are a feature of the setting, with Mesoamerican influences clear too, and more in there besides.
Other tricks I’ve learned to get over weight loss jealousy:
After the truth of its asserted values
Get innocuous!
I understand that most people in America, including Catholics, have a hard time believing or understanding that contraception hurts them and their marriages. This is a bigger issue and one that I will not take on right now; but I would suggest that the church has many reasons for this controversial position, which it has held firmly after Protestants abandoned it in 1930 and even after it was urged from within the church in the 1960s to change the teaching.
Plus on the couch and chair
....so funny
‘i wish.’
Therefore, when ever I want my children to eat their greens, I would cut them into small pieces or small strips. Cutting cabbage into small strips also make it soaked up all the nice and flavourful gravy. I guess it taste better this way.
Katy and Emily walked with Jimmy and I to Laurie's house to retrieve my other kids around dinner time. They were said that they had to go, but I needed to get them home and fed before scouts. Poor Joe. He SO wanted to join their family. He told me he wished that he'd been in Laurie's tummy so he could have been born into her family. Nice. And what am I, chopped liver? Where's the love, Joe? I'm sure not feeling it - hehehe.
And now, three and a half years late, she's trying desperately to latch back on as an Obama critic!
Paul in I Corinthians drastically redefines the “Body” metaphor by showing that the weaker members, the less respectable members, the less honorable are placed in the Body as primary focal points for the Body’s operation. “God has so arranged the body, giving the greater honor to the inferior member, that there may be no dissension within the body, but the members may have the same care for one another” (I Corinthians 12:24b-25). Thus, the Body’s health, vitality, and harmony will develop to the degree that the weaker members are given a place at the table in the work of the community. A cursory reading of I Corinthians 13:4-7 reveals that in no wise can a top down control style be operational for a transforming Body of Christ.
“But now in Christ Jesus, ye who sometimes were far off are made nigh by the blood of Christ.”
Quite purposefully, I told my son very little about what he might expect to see. My only advice: “Look at each of the tombstones. Look at the ages of the men who lie buried there.”
Don't know what happened to the morning, before I knew it, it was over.
Also, if you are in the New York area, just FYI...
“When good is found and we embrace it with abandon, we embrace the Giver of it…Yes, in church on Sunday at 9:00 AM, but also in the seemingly mundane. In traffic at 5:15 PM. In a parent-teacher meeting. In the colors of a sunset. On the other end of a tragic phone call. Every second is an opportunity for praise. There is a choosing to be made. A choosing at each moment. This is the habit of praise. Finding God moment by revelatory moment, in the sacred and the mundane, in the valley and on the hill, in triumph and tragedy, and living praise erupting because of it. This is what we were made for.”–David Crowder, Praise Habit: Finding God in Sunsets and Sushi, 13-14
16. Overall, which show has the better cast, 3 or 5?
How much fun is it to run across an online friend from a past design team after loosing track of them for awhile! That is exactly what I have done with Lelia (Green Goddess Creations). AND ... I'm thrilled to say that she's asked me to be a Guest Designer on the Can You Dig It Challenge Blog.
This is what I'm telling myself.
doing a film like this, one that's partly based around tracks
Odell Brewing Company Odell Isolation Ale
you moved house, made wed
for this card. With 4 grandsons, I tend to lean towards boy cards.
Maoists kidnapped four people on March 14 from a jungle on Kandhamal-Ganjam border, including two Italians, Bosusco Paolo and Claudio Colangelo, both of whom remain untraceable. Benjamin said ‘Foreign and Commonwealth office’, a London-based organization that reviews situations in other countries and issues advisories to prospective tourists, has ‘advised against all travel to specific regions of India and against all but essential travel to other specific regions of India’. “There is a high threat from terrorism throughout India. Terrorists have targeted places in the past which Westerners are known to visit, including public places such as restaurants, hotels, railway stations, markets, places of worship and sporting venues,” Benjamin quoted the advisory note as saying. “Violent extremist groups are also active in rural areas of Bihar, Jharkhand, Chhattisgarh, West Bengal and Odisha. Two Italian tourists were reportedly abducted by a group of Maoists from Daringbadi area of Kandhamal district, in Orissa on 14 March 2012. Foreign visitors have not previously been targeted by Maoists. The Orissa government has recently imposed severe restrictions on the movement of tourists, especially foreign tourists, inside areas inhabited by tribes people,” the advisory added.
Go on, see what you are missing, on this showing these wines are a little fresher and lighter than many examples from Alsace, have lovely balance, just the right amount of concentration and, unlike many Alsace wines nowadays, are bone dry.
They are privatising our NHS, all in the name of 'patient choice'. Apparently GP's are the most trusted people in the medical profession. Aside from the fact that I know several GP's who are terrible and made me feel like I was wasting their time, if they want GP's and patients to have more say why don't they put some of them on the boards of the PCT's, instead of spending £3 billion on abolishing them?
Growing up I had a childhood that no kid should have, I had a step dad that..well he tortured us in many ways, had a babysitter that should never be wround children and should be in prison, a mom who shut down completely and never ever went to one school thing, she never talked to us...add to that growing up in the ghetto and bam, ya got my life. No wonder I cant sleep. I have made sure Ashley never had any of those things in her life, I went to everything at her school, even when it was just for her friends, I played with her all the time, read to her non stop, tried to always let her know she could talk to me, and I have made sure no man ever hurt her like that...but even though I am 100% better than my mom was, I still am not the best mom, I used to be, but when I started getting sicker and the pain started getting worse I am not able to do the things I used to, and sometimes the pain is all my brain can focus on so I dont hcatch everything thats said, and because of an old head injury I forget alot of what I did catch...I just feel like I have failed her.
Saturday Sarah and I had our first adventure together at Garden Ridge. I had never been and can I just say that I am in love? They have soooo many neat things there!!!
-moved to Oakland to be even closer
20-something: I really hope he likes me. If he doesn’t, I’ll just die. I mean what’s wrong with me?
I want to explore “promo Indonesia” at my articles in bahasa Indonesia or english.
225g plain flour
Notice that Bob has admitted that my interpretation is possible. By so doing, he’s already given the game away because he claims that this is the clearest magisterial statement establishing geocentrism. If this is the clearest statement he’s got, then it’s his burden to show that his interpretation is right and mine is wrong. Otherwise, he’s effectively admitted that he’s building his case on a very flimsy foundation.
I am quite a good editor and perhaps I edit my memory too tightly. Perhaps I too quickly discard into the forgotten recesses of my mind’s filing cabinet seemingly irrelevant things which I think will be of no practical use to me in the future and I only keep in my immediate frontal memory things which I think may have some relevant cross-referencing value later on.
I added Want2Scrap Nestabling Fancy Tags Two to my fancy tag, then created a sentiment strip using JustRite Papercraft Autumn Words. All of my layers were popped up for extra dimension. I added a pretty lacy wired ribbon bow, then topped that off with a soft silk ribbon fork bow from Stamp Simply Ribbon Store. My designer paper is from Tim Holtz's Ideaology paper stack which I wrapped with more lacy and satin blue ribbon. My final touch was to adhere the piece to a blue panel, then to an ivory card.
After about 10 coats (seriously) of Behr's paint + primer...
Yet let’s focus on the real issue of the week, shall we? Which is this: why won’t Posh smile? Why? Why won’t she do it?
Ullyot
Mr Anwar informed the audience that it was his and Tom Watson MP’s complaint to the information commissioner about emails supposedly “lost” by News International that led to the discovery of the data at the company’s Wapping HQ. The data found he claimed had been responsible for setting off the “avalanche” of revelations now dominating the media. He also stated that while the News International employees who testified in court that the data had been lost in Mumbai India were “entitled to the presumption of innocence” if they had knowingly lied they should be charged with perjury. Mr Anwar reminded the meeting that allegations of perjury against Mr Sheridan had led to an inquiry costing over two million pounds and taking up 52,000 hours of police time, and demanded a similar “transparent and robust investigation” into the testimony given at the Sheridan trial by Bob Bird.
Today was one of the most fabulous days I've had in a while. I went shopping - FOR CLASS!! We were talking about Haussmanization and the introduction of the department store to Paris, and we actually had class in the stores! A little tip for those heading to Paris in the near future - at the department store Printemps on Boulevard Haussmann there's a rooftop terrace cafe with AMAZING views of the city. I never knew it existed until today!
The full results for Zurich can be found here. This next week will be a busy one with meets in Berlin, Rieti and Roverto before the Diamond League concludes in Brussels on Friday. Between now and then I will be taking a few more looks at some of the happenings from Daegu.
I entered the private room with all this paperwork and the envelop,of the sacred kind,not the normal one.
I am waiting for my orangery to arrive so while I wait I have started work on the inside. First of all I had to decide once and for all the layout of the shop floor and what to do with the tiny passage way that would appear if I went with my preferred layout.
03. Bitter Youth
Methylsulfonylmethane, or MSM as it is most commonly known as, is a naturally occurring, sulfur compound found in plants, fruits, vegetables, meats, and dairy products. It is a naturally occurring compound in the human body as well, although the body’s production of it does tend to diminish as we age. MSM taken internally or applied topically supplies sulfur to the body and skin which allows it to heal and regenerate itself. It’s an anti-inflammatory and an anti-microbial. It also acts as a deep delivery system when used in body care products, helping to carry nutrients and other beneficial attributes from the other ingredients into the deepest layers of the skin. It’s water-soluble, making it easy to dissolve in non-oil liquids. It’s molecular structure makes it easy to absorb into tissue and through the skin. It’s gentle to the body and skin but big on benefits.
This is a Valentine card. ;)
Did you hear that noise, the sound of the ticking biological clock?
After the tour, we met with the men's soccer coach who was friendly and honest about what he is looking for in a player. He will see Jeremy play this summer when Jeremy attends a four day soccer camp in June.
Rosa’s novel, The Directive, “gives a face and personality to a disorder that is often misunderstood. It exposes the world of Crohn’s disease and its prognosis, treatments, and concerns through humor, science, and the deep insights of its youthful characters.” Rosa was kind enough to take some time to talk about her book, her disease, and her journey through life and words with the semicolon in this exclusive interview with Do I Look Sick.
So, if your budget calls for an inexpensive rug, then go with a natural fiber rug like sisal, jute, or wool in a non-traditional style. What I mean is that you should completely avoid the cheap, knock-off versions of Oriental/Persian rugs. Nearly all of them are a waste of money and just look tacky...also it's pretty likely that they'll shed like crazy.
2006- Donovan McNabb: Suffered a sports hernia in week one. He missed seven games and also had to endure a very public fued with his old pal Terrell Owens. A five time pro bowler, none of McNabb’s pro-bowls occured after his cover season.
Of the car door,
After a slightly slow start this morning (this working as doorman at weekends as well as gardening and forestry 6 days a week is beginning to tire me out) I set to my own garden. Now you might think that with me being a gardener to trade, my garden is immaculate - nothing could be further from the truth - after working in other peoples gardens all week, the last thing I feel like doing is gardening on my day off. However, having been all but ignored for several years, it has got into such a state that I decided (actually , truth be told, my daughters decided) that I should do something about it this year. So we had a massive bonfire as I set about hacking back the shrubs and trees - the fire was lit at 11am and is still burning now at 5pm. I then started dismantling the fences that marked out the borders and the paths and cut up the posts for the woodburner. In between times I pottered about in the greenhouse, drank copious cups of coffee and smoked a few ciggies.
After the body’s needs are fulfilled, what is the universal human desire?
The Black Star
Nutmeg powder (jayphal pud) - 1 Tea spoon
“Ignore them kid – just don’t bleed on your interviewee.”
In part one of this series I’m going to focus mostly on my own experiences over the past two months. If you’ve been following the blog at all you probably know that I’m prepping for my first bodybuilding competition this May. Obviously one of the biggest components of contest prep is diet. For the past 8 weeks I’ve been in calorie deficit about 95% of the time. This means I’m expending more energy than I’m taking in.
big boy bed
With yarn in your choice of color
2) Place cheese mixtures on cookie sheet. Shape each half into cone shape to look like a pine tree.
You don’t know how many times a day I wish you were all my neighbors so we could hang out in person all day long. I know if that ever happened I would probably get zero work done a day!
He was right there when they were cutting the cake, he was in the forefront of the napkin-waving game (eh?). He even managed to get into the bride’s dressing room before the ceremony, grinning away among all the bridesmaids and tulle.
I accepted that I had some issues, I acknowledged them and understood the lessons they had to offer me and then I released them consciously. I’ve elaborated this method of releasing blockages in my previous post.
But! The important part of PAX is: to what games should you focus your rapt attention? What things will go from unknown to complete must haves right now?
2 char-engine
Today I am linking up with these great blogs, check them out!
AFC Wimbledon do not challenge this.
Bucket filler board
I was delighted to have lunch with him a few weeks ago at a literary function when he let me know about his branching out onto the stage -
Like so many others I have chosen not to make any resolutions this year. It is my firm belief that by doing so I set my self up for failure and that is something I do not need help in doing. I don't want to feel the feeling of defeat and frustration or the incredible shame I feel in myself when I fail.
So I am making some changes to Lime Tree.
We had lunch in Gusto, one of Japan's many chains of family restaurants. I'm very fond of family restaurants! They serve supposedly Western-style food, but the dishes tend to be rather unique to Japan (such as omu-rice, and katsu-sando). I had Hamburg steak :D Oh dear, I need to cultivate a more established taste in food! I did have more refined things on other days though, don't worry.
sinfulness, not holding me in captivity but showering me with so many
The Flipped Classroom method is not entirely new, but it has become increasingly relevant in an age where technology is easily accessible by even the most disadvantaged of youths. In the past 10 years the world has seen numerous organizations build entire networks of content designed for digital learners. Additionally, we have seen the rise of many applications designed to facilitate web based learning.
I'm going home and I'm lost, even in the idea!
It is a really unique piece. The drawers are not dovetailed ~ rather, they are attached in a wave pattern, with wooden pegs/nails. I've never seen anything like it!
'I knew my wife couldn't cope with losing me, so I told him to amputate my leg.
Why choose this book? For a number of reasons:
On top of that I've been trying to get to packing for our weekend away this weekend (actually did get probably more than halfway packed for me and the girls today, which is a very good start) AND I've been trying to start planning a Disneyland vacation for August. Haven't gotten very far on that one but I'm feeling stress about it since I know that it's a little crazy to be trying to get rooms at an actual Disney hotel this late in the year.
We also ate some, and it was pretty tasty! They crust was a little too thick, but the filling had a pleasant white chocolate flavour and the strawberries gave it a nice fresh taste, too! I did alter the recipe based on thoughts by eat me, delicious, who made it quite a while ago and thought that the white chocolate flavour was a little weak. All I did was increase the white chocolate by 2 ounces and decrease the whipping cream by 2 ounces. It worked out just fine!
My namesake, Kenji Mizoguchi knows what I mean:
__________________________________________________________________
But I miss you like I’ve never missed anything else.
No physical evidence linking the men to the guard’s murder has ever been found, while potentially exculpatory DNA evidence has been lost.
My beautiful friend, Jane Park painted my boys for me. Aren't they amazing?
We pray for healing, for prosperity
Annabel opens her mouth, but can't think of anything to say.
Terriers keen on sniffing, running, weeing and chasing do not notice such things: they are far too engrossed in spotting and then catching the young rabbits that – this being Spring – are everywhere in profusion. What these small bunnies lack in experience, they make up for with incredible speed, so none of the pack bagged any prey. Which was a blessing, because there was far too much beauty around for that sort of thing.
Chlorella cream is a wonderful addition to smoothies.
Labour Pain Getting hurt at work
3-10-2011
I haven’t been posting much in the past 2 weeks….I’m having a really wonderful time reading, studying, reflecting and learning…sooooo much….my guess is that a very quiet spot within me and pages will emerge…my own form of “translation” from words and studying to images…. but that seems to happen when there are many solitary, quiet days….
What else makes your photography interesting?
Those writings I composed in Croatia, Slovenia and Italy were very lonely. It was a month of separation from humanity, apart from occasional brave chance grabbed conversations with Lena Bauhaus, Renee de Nazelle or Fraulein Michelle, which has perhaps left me with this quiet, introspective and humbler side. It feels that my old verboseness has not been present for years and wained that September. It is like the more I fail the more difficult I find it to bridge the verbal gap between me and the world and as a result I more often run and hide whenever I feel unsafe and unsteady. Am I staring at my own conclusion: am I the other side of my life’s peak and coming back down to nothing?
I took out from my refrigerator the very basics for a good hearty, spicy vegetable soup. There was a half of a large butternut squash sitting quietly in my refrigerator along with a large bag of carrots. I discovered a half of a large onion just waiting to jump into a food creation of mine. Supporting the major components of this throw-together soup are my spices always ready to flavor-up a dish.
‘The ancient theological problem of “faith” and “knowledge”– or more clearly, of instinct and reason– in other words, the question whether regarding the valuation of things instinct deserves more authority than rationality, which wants us to evaluate and act in accordance with reasons, with a “why?”– in other words in accordance with expedience and utility– this is still the ancient moral problem…’ In an interestingly roundabout way, N- tells us to think of “faith” as “instinct” and “knowledge” as “reason”, and “reason” as “pragmatic answers to why questions”, and both as an existential “choice” about “values” which is declared itself to be a “moral” problem. In the light of this, N- writes of Socrates’ evolution as a dialectician, who began by ‘laughing at the awkward incapacity of noble Athenians who, like all noble men, were men of instinct and never could give sufficient information about the reasons of their actions…’ But in time, N- thinks, Socrates found through self-examination that he too suffered from the same difficulty, which engendered what N- calls ‘the real falseness of that great ironic…he got his conscience to be satisfied with a kind of self-trickery,’ when he chose to ‘follow the instincts but persuade reason to assist them with good reasons.’ I get the impression that perhaps, though it sounds on first reading as a condemnation, that this description by N- of Socrates, is actually high praise. I think N- wants us all to admit that this is our situation; as R.A. Wilson describes it, our ego includes a ‘thinker’ and a ‘prover’, N-’s ‘instinct’ and ‘reason’, and the prover proves what the thinker thinks, and at bottom we are ‘morally’ compelled by ‘instinct’, and rationality is a sort of ‘self-trickery’ that we rhetorically apply to paint a veneer over what must be our ‘animal’ state of ‘instinct’ and ‘faith’.
Medela is well known for their breastfeeding equipment. They have quality products out on the market, but they are pricey. With my second child, I bought a Medela Pump in Style backpack breastpump. My little greedy eater wanted nothing to do with a bottle, so it was hardly used. The story with number 3 isn't much different, so my pump made a better doorstop then a milk maker.
Where did I go wrong that I can’t understand this- we must stand together and things will improve?
Legal Aid: Social Welfare Law
Bitter and hateful, the Grinch is irritated at the thought of the nearby village having a happy time celebrating Christmas. So disguised as Santa Claus, with his dog made to look like a reindeer, he raids the village to steal all the Christmas things. The village is sure to have a sad Christmas this year.
But before I go, I have my question of the day for you: What has been annoying you lately? That’s just about it, see you guys. Goodnight!
Definitely a great overview of Australian History, a good place to start with, the section on the First Fleet really had the kids imagining what it would have been like back then.
2-3 cloves garlic, minced
According to Joy Subido, a known environmentalist and travel writer, a growing body of scientific evidence has shown that contact with nature and natural elements helps people become more socially connected. Exposure to purely man-made elements, on the other hand, tends to lead to more selfish goals and concerns.
My bottle of salvation,
I’m not sure what everyone’s idea of a “Perfect Chocolate Chip Cookie” may be, but if it’s crispy, chewy and just sweet enough, then I think this really is it! I don’t habitually make chocolate chip cookies, so I’m glad my first real attempt was this one!
pig-headed chaos
My son often has wet socks at school, either from sweaty feet or soccer on a wet field.
Pictures at bottom vvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvv
Active intra-abdominal hemorrhage ,intrauterine pregnancy.breast feeding;
but at least I don't have to wear the panel jeans anymore.
As with any large financing endeavor, we want to remind you that your elected officials are ultimately accountable and will have to take a stand on this issue in legislature before laws for tolling existing bridges and infrastructure pass. So we ask you, if you have not already done so, let your legislative representatives know that tolls are unacceptable funding methods for the Ohio River Bridges Project.
Now, a couple of weeks ago I went to the Quai des Bulles festival (I'm going to write more on that in another post quite soon, I promise) which is in St Malo (the picture at the top here is one I drew at the festival and brought home and colored up - now I got my scanner working again! YAY!). Right up to that point I was working crazy hours getting A Princess of Mars done. And about a week before the trip to France (my only break since April really) I was thinking 'this is great, this is going great. I'm gonna get the book done and have time to relax a little and unwind before I go away. I've got DAYS left! Everything is gonna be just fine.' What could possibly go wrong, right?
Next to the beach.
Conspires
The StampFairies created an amazing selection of eye candy and inspiration using this new set. Pop on over to StampFairy World and see their cards - you won't want to miss it.
Our boy is happy. That's what counts. And, he knows his parents are his partners. We've shown it in action. Words are easy, it's what we *do* that shows the people we love what we're really all about.
In stories with a twist finish, the twist can be a happy one as in “May the Fourth Be With You” and “Ghost”—happy stories cluster around the first half of the book and include “Norman the Conqueror,” “Do It Right Or Get Off the Horse,” and “Whatever You Say.” In the second half of the book, the twist tends to be a puzzling one as in “The Case that Sherlock Couldn’t Crack” or “The Lake at Dusk.”
The gift, to BIG OIL of Iraq’s oil might satisfy the greed of some but greedy bastards are a different sort. What can the neocons do as an encore that might satisfy greedy bastards?
Renting a "luxury trailer" ~
Because of the tight balance between potassium and sodium, it is important to consume these minerals in the right amounts. In our often salt-laden diets, we consume nearly twice the amount of sodium than potassium, throwing this balance out of whack and increasing the need for our forgotten mineral friend. Luckily, this is an easy fix. Lighten up on refined and packaged foods, as these almost always carry mother loads of sodium (check the labels!). Instead munch on whole, unprocessed goodies like fruits and veggies, which contain an abundance of potassium that is easily used by the body.
A couple of days back I was caught up in the usual traffic snarl on the BRT corridor between Sheikh Sarai and Chirag Delhi. An Innova stood beside me. The driver, the head of the family, was busy with the internet on his Blackberry. His wife, who sat beside him, was hurriedly typing out a message on her mobile phone. Their daughter sat in the back and was talking with someone on her phone. They were all trying to connect with somebody, while persons who should have mattered the most to each of them, sat just by the side!
Shooting Parrots - Car Maintenance, Was Bessie Braddock a Sex Symbol?... and Why Manchester people talk in nasal monotones
So far, I've hardly mentioned the worst parts of executive functioning difficulties, distractions and unexpected change but both of these can be deadly.. Driving aged teens rarely seem to drive alone and the distraction of their passengers can be enough to have serious consequences.
Lee Mi Do as Yoo Jin
In the bathroom mirror I couldn’t escape a glance at myself. I’m almost 60; I’m not pretty; I do work out, which means I don’t look as shitty as I could.
Going to other churches is problematic in other ways too … since what is preached … is often in direct opposition to authentic Catholic beliefs and practices.
As the months get pulled from the pages of our life calendars and the years start rushing by faster than you can hold on to them, you start having a nasty thought running round your head: Need to do more stuff and make it count. So you end up bungee jumping from bridges, leaping out of planes strapped to a stranger called Steve with a fake look of fun smeared all over your screaming facehole, or just simply start getting parts of your body pierced that really shouldn’t be. You start to cram in all this living in to whatever time you think you have left because you feel you have too. Everything must be done right this minute, otherwise you will just end up hurtling towards your own demise and the only thing that you would have really acheived with your life was assembling an Ikea Runtra coffee table.
Communication breaks down when people forget to listen when they are reading. When you deliberately listen to the words you avoid the trap of replying at the same time as reading. When your mind is busy coming up with a response before you have finished reading then you have missed the concept of communication.
ITGMFLAA – It stands for “The IT Guy Made Me Feel Like an A**hole Again.”
so stay tuned....but aren't they cute?
I decided to just cut them up and freeze them because I didn't have time to do anything else after getting home from our trip. I ended up with 6 big freezer bags full plus some to stick in the fridge. I think I will be good for a long while.
So, I crawled out of bed at 4:39 this morning. It was so early, Roman had to be coaxed from his bed, too. Luckily I had the presence of mind to set out my running gear the night before so i didn't have to waste time digging in the drawers trying to find a pair of matching socks. I got dressed, fed the cats, and took Roman for a quick lap around the block so he could do his business. Just as I was heading back inside to put Roman back in bed, Allison pulled up. Perfect timing.
Okay, so far so good. I am not sure I follow Khan’s story thereafter.
1 large onion, finely chopped
Those saintly fires you lit
1 tablespoon sesame oil
I’m going through my bucket list. It’s also easy to delay this until it’s too late. That’s not going to happen to me.
Enjoying my new nook even though the interface takes some getting used to. I am interested in seeing how it changes my reading habits. Someone mentioned that he has been reading more of the classics because they are free and easily available. The free samples will probably have a bigger effect.
Metallic ring with blue/white stone, approximate size 6
Eddie Murphy (stand up, not singing--thank God)
Thank you for looking.
6. Glue the last piece to the second piece, as shown in the photo.
I don't even know where to start. Or if I should start or just call it a day and hang up the sparkly red shoes, thank you all for your love, verbal kicks in the pants, the laughs you have given me and call it a day?
a sensitivity to wheat.
I’ve decided that I want to stop talking about doing things and DO them. So one of the things I decided to DO – after a year and a half of sitting on it – is a short novel for my friend Nige in support of a product he sells. Nige, I’m sorry it took so long – I would’ve been quicker if you’d given me money to write it, but am very grateful for the firewood and black stockings. Thank you. And if you illustrate my erotic stories, I’ll be even MORE grateful . The first draft is now complete. Does this count for points? Probably not.
Me – “I stand on the platform and ask the people milling around to spare his life. I say that this man is clearly worth more to us alive then dead with the recent lack of able bodies around. I will assume responsibility for any actions the man will do as long as you spare his life.”
My apology for the long silence.
This card was inspired by the following challenges:
There will never be a film adaptation of this story that will satisfy me. Most on-screen renderings mix together Wonderland and the sequel Alice Through the Looking Glass. Props to Tim Burton for getting creative and making the film a follow-up rather than trying to re-render it (like he did and failed miserably with Charlie and the Chocolate Factory).
Bidding starts at just ONE PENNY! The auction runs for 10 days and will end on 10-day Wednesday, October 5th at 6:32 PM Central Time. You can see her below:
So, I would tell my mom about this, I'm pretty sure she doesn't know you can cook stuff other than plain white rice in the rice cooker, but I'd risk having to eat Arroz Con Pollo next time I go over for dinner. Let's keep it between you and me, alright?
Joe Pasco said that as a child, his daughter hated to get dirty.
Just an alert about a ripoff and how positive thinking can get you what you need..
There are two very well known communist journalists in Australia’s past. One is the often villified, but extremely important Wilfred Burchett; the other is lesser-known, but equally important Rupert Lockwood. Burchett was hounded out of Australia and accused of being a Chinese spy. I think that charge is unfair and that he should be remembered more for his fantastic reporting from Hiroshima after the American atomic bomb attack.
Have a charming day!
7/28 Des Moines, IA- Stars in the Park
Sister Jamie Gee
I don't plan on linking the new site here. I would like to keep it a little more anonymous for the time being, but if you are interested, please send me an email!
You should have been there, it was glorious.
Kelly was my first major film crush. Seeing her on the big screen in Peter Weir’s classic Witness with Harrison Ford, I was immediately enchanted. There’s something about the intimacy created when you see a beautiful woman on a 40-foot high screen. For me at least, Kelly was the answer to a young boy’s conception of qualities the perfect woman embodied. Qualities like wholesomeness, integrity, intelligence and a smile that lights up an entire room. Kelly has all of these qualities, both as an actress and a person. She’s persevered through so much pain in her life, that for me her inner beauty transcends time.
This variety makes it possible for people to wear them with skirts, leggings, jeans and even formal trousers. Yes, womens sweaters have come a long way from the days when knitted varieties were available only in limited colours and it was generally the elderly folks who wore them.
home, none less than filled with mystery, sorrow,
Lately the swimming bored me and I only did it for exercise. I scowled at the thought of going into the water again because of the many sunburns I’d received. My skin ached in remembrance of the last one I’d received two weeks ago, with blisters the size of quarters and skin as red as a hot poker made it hurt to be touched.
Thank you again and we’re looking forward to working with our summer volunteers!
I say that hating is when you insult somebody in any other way. When you’re insulting and hating on somebody, things as little as just the TONE of your voice and your body language will send things toppling downward. Especially when you…let’s see…
½ to 1 cup water
So if you are one who routinely shoots during the middle of the day, I’d suggest you try working more around the fringes of the day and see if you aren’t a bit more pleased with your results. Webster’s Dictionary defines photography as follows: the art or process of producing images by the action of radiant energy and especially light on a sensitive surface (as film or a CCD/CMOS chip). Remember, we are really painting with light. Start with quality light and watch your photographic paintings improve accordingly!
Watermelon or Strawberry
You don’t have to cry for me.
This car and
Hey, can I come out of here? I won’t bother you… I just don’t like looking through the wires…
and while he’s not the Special One
American Psychiatric Association. (2000). Diagnostic and statistical manual of mental
Decrease rounds
dragging a piece of grass along the sidewalk until a strong wind blows it away.
Bantum dutifully closed his eyes and held the chicken up toward Hermel, who held up two fingers. Dr. Chickenhiemer, slumped, lolled his head and rolled his eyes at the outrageous indignity of being asked to count two whole fingers.
Notes: Kyle Williams is actually a father, so I kinda feel bad about this one. But not enough to edit it out.
4. I Am The Dance Of Ages (White, Argent) 8:52
The food for the office Thanksgiving luncheon was all set up and ready to be eaten. Workers summoned for the feast from different departments stood about awkwardly, hungry but mindful of the need to wait for some kind of “GO!” command.
- 1/2 tsp finely grated lemon zest
Combining aggression and screaming with hooks and catchy melodies, I Am Bones have a talent for combining the humourous with the serious in a way that allows you to both feel it and laugh at it. Think of every single band you’ve ever loved and you’ve played to death, and then times that by ten. I Am Bones aren’t just special. They’re more than that. They’re one of the reasons we started this whole thing. Don’t miss them, or you’re likely to miss something very, very special… Visit www.iambones.dk or www.myspace.com/iambonestheband for 11 slaps in the face to 1 pat on the back.
*Disclaimer: These products were sent to me free in exchange for my honest review. All opinions are my own. Also, I am an affiliate for Dayspring and links within this post are affiliate links.
No, I did not!
“My most recent personal, emotional loss of a relationship, has led me on this continual quest to find answers. I’m sorry, dammit, but I need closure…
Is there a defining moment when you think your friend could be more than just a friend? Or does it really just boil down to a spontaneous hormonal moment that takes over? Two members of the opposite sex that spend a lot of time together are bound to, overtime get a jolt or two…right?
"Whatever does she see in me after all these 50 years? I will never be able to figure that out, Sharon."
Bryce shows up in this ad for D’Addario & Company, “an American manufacturer of high quality musical accessories including strings for all stringed instruments, cables, drum heads, drum sticks, reeds & many more.”
Drop Dead Gore-geous: 3/10 Overall Rating
I love going to the nursery with Peggy to buy plants for our garden. I also love it when we go to Costco and say we’re having a “date.”
You must score at least 70% on each module quiz to move forward in the course. You will be given up to THREE opportunities to pass each module quiz.
"gift" from. The company also offered to take Phil
*getting on my (wee, tiny) soapbox*
“It is a free press…There are laws to protect the freedom of the press’s speech, but none that are worth anything to protect the people from the press.” – Mark Twain
All night, I kept hearing, “Kill her, Mommy! Kill her!” She was coming after me. So was the dead boy in the water. CBF slept soundly. I didn’t dare wake up her parents. CBF would get in big trouble, and I would forever be known as a wimp. I was eleven. And eleven year olds are supposed to be able to take it.
1 moonshine
2 ideal
The appeal for Abdulhadi al-Khawaja, along with 20 other activists, was adjourned to April 30.
Once they blackened they are ready to be pickled.
Transfer chicken to a plastic food storage bag. Add marinade ingredients and toss to coat thoroughly. Let stand for at least 30 minutes or overnight.
According to reports, deputies didn't believe Anthony Fernandez's claim that someone else was behind the wheel. They arrested the 49-year-old Key West man on charges of fleeing and eluding police, running a red light, speeding and driving with a suspended license.
Adoption update: we traveled to St. Louis last week for our fingerprints. Our I-600A is almost or should be complete soon. Things are movin right along :) Rich leaves in 18 days for Sierra Leone. I am anxious and excited for him. I can't wait for him to meet all 84 kids and love on one special little boy this momma misses very much!! I must admit the kids and Sierra Leone, Kevin is all I can think about lately, my heart misses them so much!! I can't wait to go back, I'm possibly going to go on the January trip, I will let everyone know forsure once we get a little closer.
When one experiences cognitive dissonance, the rational knowledge about psychopathy doesn’t fully sink in on an emotional level. Consequently, the victim moves constantly back and forth between the idealized fantasy and the pathetic reality of the psychopath. This is a very confusing process and an emotionally draining one as well. Initially, when you’re the one being idealized by him, the fantasy is that a psychopath can love you and that he is committed to you and respects you. Then, once you’ve been devalued and/or discarded, the fantasy remains that he is capable of loving others, just not you. That you in particular weren’t right for him, but others can be. This is the fantasy that the psychopath tries to convince every victim once they enter the devalue phase. Psychopaths truly believe this because they never see anything wrong with themselves or their behavior, so if they’re no longer excited by a person, they conclude it must be her (or his) fault; that she (or he) is deficient.
December 13th my builder said they had in fact spoken to the on-site manager, that he said everything had been looked after as far as credits went. I told him I could fax him a copy of me questioning where the $3500 credit for my living room window was back quite a few months ago, I kept scrupulous notes. The builder was not budging, said they’d refund $1300 for two other items, but not the $3500 for the windows, and if I wanted the $1300 I’d have to sign a waiver for any further amounts. I clarified once more what the conditions were and then told them I’d contact my lawyer and get back to them.
On the third day, the water had receded enough that the occasional silvery fin would flip into the sunlight during the spawning process. I saw six knots of fish on that day, but the weather forecast indicated rain for that evening. I said goodbye to the trout, thanking them for sharing this portion of their path with me. That evening, as I watched the rain skid across my porch, I thought of the trout advancing upstream, progressing in their life cycle, and I rejoiced.
stages of development
I wonder if the girl’s question has sent the mind of the reader racing. A little bit of explanation regarding the seats on European trains will help the reader interpret her intentions. The opposite seats on a train can be extended and joined to form a bed for three. There were no other passengers in the compartment. So we could have a comfortable sleep by joining the seats. Words still continued to fail me. I mutely nodded by head and got up to help them join the seats. And soon I was sleeping with two pretty European girls! And by the time I woke up, there was no sign of either of the girls. As I got up, my hand reached to my back pocket and I discovered that there was no sign of my wallet either. Immediately my suspicions fell on the two girls. Had I been 'honey trapped ' as they call it in the newspapers?
So, this card should be right up his, erm, Case Study...!
Indonesia’s Consumer Price Index (inflation) data for April increased to 4.5 percen, above expectations of 4.46 percent vs 3.97 percent in March.
ALTEC 32
That night I mounted Jon. I rode him like a unicycle over a cobblestone street. In the morning, when he saw me, he ran out to catch the train. I checked the sheets to see if there was any extra I could stuff back up inside myself, but thankfully I think I had got it all last night. My tank was full up.
I'm more than halfway through Barack Obama's book "The Audacity of Hope," and it is some of the most compelling reading of any political manifesto in decades (unless you're firmly in the religious right/ultra-conservative/Atilla-the-Hun-was-a-wimp camp). He is articulate in the expressions of his views. He posesses great intellect; he thinks and speaks well on the fly. What is most compelling is that he shuns any sort of divisive qualities. He speaks well of George Bush the man, even as he disagrees with his policies. He bemoans his party's inability to find anything of value in Republican viewpoints, and praises those who find common ground. Even in his "rebuttal" interview after Bush's address about increasing troops in Iraq, Barack went out of his way to say that, even though he disagreed, the President was doing what he truly believed is the best for the country. He also singled out Republicans who feel as Obama does. He is charismatic, articulate, reasoned, and sincere. But...
Leaf number two.
Even though most of my art ends up on the computer, I still always start with handmade art.
_____Sometimes less is more....The less you say, the more I like you. (funny less is more)
5 previous
So that basically tells the last few days. Things are going well. She is in her big girl bed and loves it. The first day (we tried it at nap before all night) Rob told her when he got her up from nap she could get up on her own. I think that is what happened that night she got up on her own, and then found the door blocked by the baby gate. She could not get up onto the bed so she went ahead and fell back asleep on the floor. She has not gotten out on her own since then until we come in the room. Last night I put the bathroom step stool in front of the bed and that made her very happy to easily climb in and out on her own. I think today I will be purchasing another step stool for her room.
In fact a wheeling group of seagulls above the dump was a constant in Prince Rupert. They follow the ferries waiting for people to throw them a scrap. And when I worked in a downtown office building some years ago, there was one that came to the window every day at lunchtime for the crust of my sandwich. He'd rap with his beak on the glass if I was tardy.
I am friendly and kind as long as I could because I can easily give my trust to anybody since I reached my grade school years until now.
After seeing the Beatles perform on the Ed Sullivan show when he was just 10 years old, Jim Keller knew he wanted to be a musician. Having been drawn to Ringo, Jim started drumming along to songs on the radio on a makeshift drum set that was comprised of upside down wastebaskets until his parents set him up with formal lessons. While in junior high, he played percussion in the school's marching band and by the age of 12 he was making $25 on Saturday nights performing at weddings. Then in high school he was in the jazz ensemble and orchestra.
Anthony J. Fallone, 39, New York, N.Y.
“The full veil is contrary to the dignity of women,” he said. “The response is to ban it. The Government will table a draft law prohibiting it.”
“We tried a variety of new parts and it felt like we may have found a couple of things that we can take to the next race. You can never tell just how much of an improvement something has been until you go through all the data, but the fact we’ve brought new parts that feel like a step forward is good. It shows we’re pushing as hard as we can and that’s what we need to do to achieve the goals this year.”
Lilly is a ham! and obsessed with our pool. I am so nervous, John even had to go to Lowes tonight and bought 3 padlocks so we can lock all of our gates because she was trying to get a chair to the gate to open the latch today!
I leave my room after reading the first chapter of my book (Harry Potter & The Order of The Phoenix), to get a glass of juice. My Mom’s boyfriend Rooney came over tonight to visit for a bit. Mind you, we live in a two bedroom apartment, so my Mom sleeps on a pull-out couch in the living room. So while they were supposed to be watching a movie, I see through the hallway mirror those two getting at it like rabbits! I was utterly repulsed. I quickly got my juice and ran for my room. I was afraid to tell them I was there. I didn’t want to hear or see them at all.
With this in mind I went to Food Blogger Camp 2011 at Grand Vales Riveira Maya, half an hour from Cancun airport at Playa del Carmen. It was a long haul for me to get there from Provence and took three days with stops in London and New York; but the long journey was forgotten once I was there. It was a beautiful, all-inclusive, resort with two huge pool areas. Every morning I swam in one of the pools and wondered how rich I had to be to have a pool like this in my garden. It was very long, so I had a lot of time to ponder on it.
Secretive, oh so sweet
She glanced up at Midget. His eyes seemed sad, and she knew he hadn’t been referring to intrusive noises in the desert.
That was 12 years ago.
Wednesday – Pasta with a fresh homemade tomato and basil sauce
Busiek, Kurt and George Pérez “Too Many Avengers!” Avengers #4. 1998. Marvel Comics.
Ginger - 1/8-inch piece, finely chopped and crushed
PHEW. 10 points for you if you're still reading this.
Fort Collins - Wilbur's
Last time on Birth of a Chaos Dread Reloaded, we looked at my inability to guess the correct size for my Dreadnought’s head. Fortunately, that issue has been resolved, and so this instalment of my ongoing series can focus on finalising the models pose and building and detailing the body. Enjoy!
I hate on haters.
So there, I’ve said it. Enough with the dark and the gritty and the troubled, I’m off to find me some love, some light, some laughter.
I like to think lemon curd is a bit more nutritious than jam. It has eggs in after all and therefore protein :o)
The hair has now grown to nearly 10 inches. In fact, the hair is so long he has to shampoo and comb it.
But before speaking of the game, a little about what was before and behind us on that cold November afternoon: Both sides were were nearly the same in stature, but the SSJ Arsenal team had what appeared to be a greater number of bodies to throw into the match, something that might prove critical if the game went into overtime. With only three girls to sub in, Diablo FC U9 Girls have made do with fewer players than most every team they played in the last year. Made do, and more. They are a team: playing, laughing, pushing through together under the steady guidance of their coaching staff. All the time spent listening to their coaches, all the play, all the practices and games spent on the field under a searing sun or enduring cold winds, all of it was to come down to forty minutes and more of hard, heavily-contested play.
From the second he walked in the room, he made me uneasy. It could have been how intent he was on closing the door behind him. It could have been the way he walked, like a ballerina trying to be less graceful, but struggling. It could have been a lot of things, but it hit me the most when we shared glances.
There are conflicting stories as to which of the buildings on the campus were used as the hospital. but due to the fact that both sides occupied the campus thruoghout the war, and the number of wounded and dead that came to the campus throughout the occupations, all of the buildings that stood during the war have the possibility of having been used as hospital facilities. Some sources report that the Lyceum building was the hospital.
Apple, however, does not plan to go quietly into the good tax-reduction night. NYT, in the spirit of fairness, published the corporate response to this patently unfair situation. Here’s the heart of it:
I love to sit outside, even in my own backyard, and feel the sun on my face and enjoy the blue skies. I like to see the wind rippling the water of our pool. I love my little visitors, the lizards racing along the concrete wall or sunning themselves in the morning. I love to hear the songs of birds through an open window as I walk by. I love, love, love, the smell of orange blossoms in the Spring, the bright colors of flowers blooming, and the sight of butterflies and dragon flies fluttering by. I like to discover grasshoppers and praying mantises camouflaged in the garden greenery who have given themselves away by a slight motion that catches my eye. I love walking to get the mail and seeing the snow-capped mountains on the horizon, sometimes bathed in purple with the setting sun.
the designer (Kay Whitt, author of Sew Serendipity) includes tons
As far as the kids behavior, the behave better in the car because they have more room to move around and more space for toys. Also, when the tantrums do manifest themselves, I can just ignore it and tune them out until it passes without worrying about what the other passengers may think of me or them.
Department of Transportation Testing the Roosevelt Island Bridge
First of all, a million "Sorry" buddies, for not catching up with any of your posts of late. I would like to give the due credit to none other than my own "Laptop"...Argggghhhhh.... Somehow my laptop has gotten an idea that it is a 6 months old baby and it is craaaaaaawwwwwliiiiiing! (I feel even babies nowadays are faster!) Every single page/blog takes nearly 20 minutes to load, and if I start punching in the comments, that is another 20 minutes! I sometimes feel like throwing the laptop out of my balcony and happily wait for someone to take it away! :(
1. Don’t answer the phone.
Painstakingly transcribed by Paul McConville
3. What is the water above the sky in Verse 6?
Zabaleta then wasted a golden chance to cancel out Surman’s goal after eluding Adam Drury at the back post. He only had the keeper to beat but he fired it into Ruddy who made himself big to get the block in.
How about two truths and a lie?
Second course: Jerk spiced yellow tail glazed in an orange and white wine sauce with oven baked brussels sprouts and grapes dressed in thyme.
I have denied my hippie roots to some extent during this illness, buckling and having Rob pick up some Ibuprofen, Theraflu and Chloraseptic when the vitamin C, D and gargling with saltwater didn’t seem to be doing enough. I took Tylenol PM last night, hoping to get some solid rest so that I could force myself to work on a proposal for public art I’ve known about for a couple of weeks. The deadline was 4 pm… today. This elicited a “last minute Maries” chastising from Rob, but to be fair, I would have had it done much earlier had I not been struck down with sickness all week.
As Staff. Sgt. Robert Bales is charged with murdering 17 Afghans, we speak with reporter Mark Benjamin, who revealed the Pentagon recently launched an emergency review of a controversial anti-malaria drug known to induce psychotic behavior. Mefloquine, also called Lariam, is used to protect soldiers from malaria, but has been known to have side effects including paranoia and hallucinations. It has been implicated in a number of suicides and homicides, including within the U.S. military ranks. In 2009, the army decreed that soldiers who’ve suffered traumatic brain injuries should not be given the drug. But this month, just nine days after Bales’ shooting rampage, the army issued an emergency decree calling for the review to be expedited. “The military announced that this drug should not be given to people who have brain problems like traumatic brain injuries,” Benjamin says. “What the military has discovered is that out on the battlefield, those rules aren’t being followed and some soldiers who do have these kinds of problems are getting this drug.” The Pentagon says there’s no connection between its review of Mefloquine and the murders, but it’s refused to confirm or deny whether Bales was given the drug. Benjamin reports for the Huffington Post that the Pentagon initially ordered the review of Mefloquine in January.
Each promise has a short “note” from Dr. Chapman on topic, along with three Scripture verses on the topic. It is not necessary to begin at the first page and read straight through. I enjoyed using the Scripture index in the back and searching that way for topics/life promises to read.
We are not evolving to a pre-ordained end, but a wholesome culture does improve people and thus the community whereas contemporary art and popular culture is destroying our higher artistic traditions and is a part of our contemporary descent into decadence. This regression will be made worse with the peak oil crisis which Progressives view this as just a potential hiccup in inevitable progress or “historicism.”
She caught her breath. He just said I belong with him.
Q098) Tell us one secret!
Overall I thought the event was great. Lines were ridiculous as always, but I thought moving the picnic tables out of the middle and cycling the guest taps more frequently by offering less at a time were big improvements. It was also nice that they had 12+ 3 Floyds beers on at the other stations, instead of just the 4 standards.
I now have a yellow and gold wall instead of orange and copper. My kitchen walls are brownish instead of blue. Our front door is reddish. Our back door is reddish. I have some curtains.
By now Dean has mercifully answered though I cannot fill him in on what is going down, and he is saying, “What ARE you talking about, Mo? Are you ok? Where ARE you?…”
I won’t go into every hill and valley this little boy traveled, but I will point out some severe hiccoughs in his childhood. Besides having colic most of his infancy, he had dyslexia, ADHD (if you believe in this disorder. I don’t), and at 12, he developed Type 1 Diabetes. Life simply handed Dj a ton more crap than it did Rebekkah or Caitlyn.
The darkness shines and uploads my heart, to rhythms felt from my toes to dipper’s kingdom.
Name: Vallenfyre
Jerry Spinner - and he'll bring 3 or 4 friends
The RCD, number 000122189-0001(reproduced below), "merely discloses a pot made of transparent material containing one or two sources of light. There is no evidence to suggest that the illumination is integrated and closed in between a double bottom." These features were present in the Bloom product, and indeed may have been invented by the plaintiff, but since they were not explicitly visible they were not taken into account in assessing the design.
Do you have to lock yourself in the supply closet or bathroom on a regular basis in order to make phone calls?
Seven and half thousand kilometers away and, on that very same day, it was more or less ‘all quiet on the Western Front’. The Ronde Van Vlannderen was just two-years old and had just been put on pause – the ‘war to end all wars’ had been raging barely a year.
4, He is so much like a parents, ya know when you're younger and you break one of the houserules, there are consequences right? Well God does provide consequences, also what some people term as "Karma", ALL actions have consequences...If you lie...It is going to be found out...Either sooner or later but soon everyone is going to know. Would you rather tell the truth now, and save yourself grief or wait and deal with the stress of 'Hey! someone is going to find out!!!' and be freaked by that? I don't know about you..but I've been there, I've lied and spent A LOT of time freaking out over if my parents were going to find out or not. I just found it easier, admit when you screwed up, always tell the truth. And life goes better...Trust me.
unchain’d;
boil 10 mins 2.0 Warrior pellet 15.0
HG World was nominated for the PARSEC by fans and finalists were chosen by a yearly steering committee. Those finalists were then voted on by an independent panel of judges from outside of podcasting. Awards are given in several categories ranging from content to audio quality. The award was accepted by show producers Scott Pigg and Bryan Lincoln (who also won a PARSEC for Best Podcast about Speculative Fiction Content Creation – Fullcast Podcast). Mur Lafferty, Michael R. Mennenga & Tracy Hickman founded The Parsec Awards in 2006 to celebrate Speculative Fiction Podcasting, under the banner of Farpoint Media.
But maybe I’m being too harsh. What do you all think?
Keeping future tourists in mind, Lewis (or Clark, who knows?) made sure to set up a plaque describing the cairn. Or maybe it was the Lions Club in 1955. You know. One of those.
But to the rest of the Republican Party, the Newt supporters, the Santorum supporters (those who aren’t Democrats), the Paul supporters, we need to talk. Guys, look, you’re just not going to get it. The wins tonight give Romney another boost and hurt your guys even more. Before tonight he had 99 delegates. Tonight he got 29 from Arizona and will probably get around 15 for Michigan. Add to that he’s ahead in Puerto Rico (23 delegates), Maryland (37), D.C. (19), Delaware (17), California (172), New Jersey (50), and Utah (40) and those are all winner-take-all primaries. That’s 501 delegates of the needed 1144. Wisconsin is the only other winner-take-all state with only 42 delegates. Now add in his commanding leads in Massachusetts (41) and Virginia (49) and Mitt’s already got over half of the votes he needs locked down. (When you factor in all the proportional votes from Super Tuesday (480, counting MA and VA which we know Mitt’s going to win) and add in all the other winner-take-all states Mitt will likely have close to 700 (quite possibly well over 700, but I’m being generous to Newt and Rick) delegates locked down by the end of Super Tuesday. Which would mean of the 1103 delegates up for grabs Mitt would only have to get another 444 (give or take how many off from 700 he has) . Wow, only 40% of the delegates. I’m sure that will be so difficult especially after Newt and Rick go bankrupt as they’re about to any day now. Face it. Romney is going to be the nominee. There will be no brokered convention, there will be no split party. Romney’s it. He’s also the one that Obama is afraid of!
Thanks to all of our leaders and parents for their support and guidance this past year! Without you the Pack couldn’t move forward. THANK YOU!!
This puzzled Riley because if Nico or any neighbor for that matter had stopped by, then why wasn’t
As a former CEO and Operations Consultant, I get that this could look attractive from a cost savings perspective, and altruistic if one believes that encouraging employee thinness is the same as supporting employee health goals. But I also know better than to buy into the latest thing without doing my research. It turns out, in the long term, these programs are most likely to leave employees less healthy, less productive and cost more.
I have then been forced (absolutely forced, you know how much I dislike a night at the movies!) to go see the movie. The only problem that can result from this is that I have no choice….I will have to compare the two to see who came out the victor!
For preparing soft puttu, put equal amount of cooked rice (I use Kerala kuthari), roasted rice flour and salt in a mixie and grind it just once or twice. Don't grind it continuously or too much. Transfer it to a bowl and add half of the coconut and mix well. Check the salt.
Emphasis on music as part of worship
Bronze: Sticke Alt, Rock Bottom Breweries, Louisville, CO
"Such trauma-injuries ‘do not occur in peacetime condition."
It should be going on at the time of writing (10am Wednesday).
One of their adventures has them meeting some trippy half naked women with leaves as pasties. The men are put in a trance just by looking at the girls. Really it was no different than a gentlemen’s club. Darn good thing Loa was there to save them and drag them out before all their money was gone or they’re sacrificed…whichever.
Sad to say, most of the writers I met as a teenager had shoulder chips and cruel streaks and lousy interpersonal skills, so I thought learning through humiliation was the norm for the field. In six years of university, I only took one class that involved writing in a group setting – and I can still picture the prof cutting down a student (the sweetest one, of course), calling him a one-dimensional man. In my limited experience, writing teachers did not attack bad writing. They attacked other writers. (And they weren’t very interesting, either - while the biologists at school were all talking about how fascinating the world was, the writers were all talking about themselves. Yawn.) I didn’t want to sit through their classes.
What we need to do is figure out what God would have us do with our day, our lives and then go DO IT. If we are carrying out HIS orders, it matters nothing what other mortals may think of us or our work, as we will have the confirmation from on high to sustain us as we complete our divinely-mandated works.
PS 139 Co-President and actor, Christine Siracusa, will read popular books from the Scholastic collection.
In the interstices of this polemic, the reader will find my story and the story of those I love and had to leave behind. Above all, this tome is a labor of love to my homelands, old and new.
Wolf begins by painting a surprisingly quaint picture of the scene of the execution which I won't quote in depth; peaceful, gentle, humane. Lovely in all aspects really, with only the minor niggle of a man being slowly killed by the state having to be glossed over. "Putting down the family dog would have been a lot worse", claims Wolf, before embarking on one of those sentences you have to read numerous times, from different angles, possibly getting a trained professional to confirm that you just saw it;Far from an execution, this was more like state-ordered euthanasia.So...an execution, then? I'm not sure how something can be 'far from' being the thing that it is, but then I guess that's why I don't get paid the big bucks to write for the Daily Mail. It takes a special breed of...well, something. I kind of wonder why he stopped at 'euthanasia' in his brazen attempt to cutesify the fact though. Why not call it 'judge-encouraged natural causes'? Or 'state-nudged endless sleepytime'? I worry that some of these writers lack ambition.
They seemed to forget that when we signed our contract they assured us the
He checks the stats
2-billion TV viewers, and the largest gathering of Westerners outside the US and Western Europe…
I’m not sure about you, but just as men look forward to Fall for sporting events that keep them on the couch, I look forward to Fall for my own selfish reasons......adding to my closet collection! If you enjoy sipping a cup of coffee while you browse your favorite online shopping sites, or if you prefer to rise with the sun to open the doors of your favorite Mall, Fall shopping is the time for you. Thanks to Fashion Week, we have all had a chance to peek at the newest clothing, boots and accessories that will be filling up retail stores everywhere this season.
1 ascension
To say I grew up around some pretty superstitious people would be, at the very least, a monumental understatement. Yes ma’am, just take your pick from the Paranormal Encyclopedia and I’m sure I’ll recall at least one person from my childhood who claimed definitive “experteze” in that area. And, as anyone who’s followed this blog for a while can attest, the struggle to keep my head above water while being repeatedly dunked in that river of superstition has had a profound impact on my life.
A commonality that we all share on this magical journey of soul perfection is the awareness that we are continuous students. Many ancient texts make reference to man’s inner yearning to communicate directly with the gods, which many contend is the soul making itself heard and felt. A deep longing as we look into a star lit sky, our imagination drifting to wonder at what is truly out there. To some in recent times, a belief has arisen that earth has been seeded with souls fragments of beings from other galactic species, including angels, ascended masters and even dragons. Mozart was a rare example of his time, a period of enlightenment, but that type of genius is now becoming commonplace. Children are displaying some incredible talents, some observed personally by Drunvalo Melchezidec and writers for OMNI magazine in China. Special schools were even established to train these “super-psychic kids” and their abilities were quite incredible, breaking the laws of physics as we understand them. It has been said that during times of greatest darkness on the earth, a great surge of souls are incarnated. These times of darkness they well recognize as the times of greatest spiritual education and perfection, including the karmic aspects and the chance to balance the scales. At these times, as well, when the Principle of Rhythm takes full effect, it has been quite effectively used as a means to keep the masses unbalanced. But inevitably, as history records the rise and fall and nations, this age will swing back like a pendulum from the dark polarity to that of the Light. NASA confirms that our sun is radiating unknown particles and that there particles “invading” our solar system from a source they cannot determine which are helping to alter our DNA. It would seem we are receiving a helping hand in this ascension process.
Why is it that as soon as budgets get tight staff training is cut?
Once browned, pour sauce over pork chops, then bring to a boil.
2 cloves garlic, minced or pressed
buuuut it has been beautiful listening to the rain while laying bed
Now the focus in the Morton case shifts to District Judge Ken Anderson. The court of inquiry to measure his culpability will take place September 11 in Georgetown: Be there or be square!
Owner: Seamus Murphy Trainer: Nigel Twiston-Davies
In 1914, Eugene Bremond, Jr. went with a group of friends to spend the summer in Europe, only to run face first into World War I. Though he had letters of credit and traveler’s checks with him, he was unable to use them to book passage back home and had to get the US Postmaster General to wire him money through the American Consulate in Bremen, Germany. He managed to re-cross the Atlantic safely in a Dutch freighter without getting fired upon.
“There is an online medium known as Saharareporters who have their office in New York, and who have made their site as a platform for attack against Islam. So we are warning them to stop making their site an avenue for attacking Islam, otherwise we will find a way of attacking them too.
I do look on the bright side of things and when he came he told me something which I will pass on to you now.
My brewhouse is human, even as I, because it is my life. Thus, I will learn it as a brother. I will learn its weaknesses, its strength, its parts, its accessories, its sights and its barrel capacity. I will ever guard it against the ravages of weather and damage as I will ever guard my legs, my arms, my eyes and my heart against damage. I will keep my brewhouse clean and ready. We will become part of each other. We will hit our target O.G...
- Fruit Terrine w/ Black Tulip Sabayon (Paired w/ Black Tulip Belgian Tripel)
I sat in my dressing room watching the tv monitor. Bill and Ray were slaughtering all of the other teams. I kept thinking that there is no way that I could win against them. They has just won $250,000 in the bonus round because they were able to name all of the U.S. States and Territories that didn’t have an A in their name.
And yet the fight continues. A conversation with friends who live in the 7th and 8th criticized a recent exhibit on the Commune at the Hotel de Ville as being predictably skewed towards the revolutionaries, the mayor of Paris being after all a Socialist. In the 20th, the mairie sanctioned creation of a mural celebrating the anniversary. (To fully appreciate this mural, click on the picture below and it will enlarge.)
The “ACTIVISTS” sites will address any issue to do with Human Rights, Civil Rights, Constitutional Rights, Second Amendment, “Bill of Rights”, Religious Rights, Ecological-all aspects including Coal Fired Energy, Mountain Top Removal, etc., Police Brutality, Prisoners Rights, other Political Issues and anything else that comes up as needing to be addressed.
On one particular cold winter night, the wind was blowing hard as I rode my bicycle to church. It seemed that the wind of the Spirit also blew powerfully at the prayer meeting, and was still stirring inside of me when I left. I noticed as I climbed on my bicycle to go home that it no longer felt cold to me. My whole body was very warm. At our house, it seemed that the heat was increasing as the night progressed, and I kept looking at the thermostat to see if someone had turned up the temperature but it hadn’t changed.
“I cannot influence the conduct of others as I could wish, but I have one life to sacrifice to my country’s safety and I shall not spare it.”
Johann Strauss II: Tales from the Vienna Woods
The House of Sampoerna is the headquarter of the Surabaya Heritage Track. This is a free sightseeing tour around Old Surabaya in a very nice tram. A tour guide points out and describes the most important historical buildings in the city in very decent English and we get to enjoy a nice ride around the city for free! It makes two stops: one in the Surabaya Tourist Information Office and the second at the Cultural Center where you will occasionally be able to see music and dance performances. Both Evan and Josh loved riding on the tram and were very attentively looking out the window. They both made very good friends in the tram and it seemed like everyone wanted to hold them and take pictures of them. Although the tour is free, you need to make a reservation beforehand for any of the three departure times 9:00 AM, 1:00PM or 3:00PM.
I'm not one to go all cooking blog on you but I just have too much love for this leafy green and since I finally have access to it for one day, I present to you the very easy and simple but tasty, Raw Kale Salad. It's nothing I created but one of the dishes I hold nearest and dearest to my heart.
Milena Oda
If that’s true, then can someone explain to me why Terrance Cody showed up at the Senior Bowl, weighing in at a super-flabby 374 lbs? And that isn’t good.
I am aware that this sort of cell phone eavesdropping is somewhat akin to rubbernecking at an accident sight. Hey, a middle-aged medical consultant gleans what excitement she can since some aspects of the job(read:the bulk)are similar to being dosed with IV lidocaine. All we need are carbon-based compounds & water for primitive life, but for cell phone use we also apparently need at least a small supply of stupidity:
I consider myself to be a very ethical person. I know that all industries have opportunities for temptation and the hospitality industry is no exception. Lately, there seems to be a lot of online discussions on ethics as they pertain to issues like FAM trips (destination familiarization trips) site inspections and the like. Is it ethical to ask to extend your site inspection to include a weekend for personal recreation? Is it ethical to take family members along on a FAM trip? Is it ethical to even attend the destination FAM if you do not have current or foresee having future business for the destination? I have heard both sides of the argument. As a whole, our industry seems to be coming together more in the last few years. There has been a code of ethics published by the Convention Industry Council (CIC) www.conventionindustry.org/CMP/Ethics.aspx,
Regardless, the video is awesome and the pair gets a "Firefighter of the Shift Award" from Capt. Schmoe. Strong work ladies er..I mean laddies.
Life is too short – take the time to love yourself – you’ll look good and feel even better.
The violets are blooming and they’re all over the yard. And I’m totally crushing on the dreamy manor house bokeh here. It was exactly what I was trying to achieve as I laid on the ground and adjusted my aperture dial.
So, I’m in a.. not so great mood right now. There have been three opportunities in the past few weeks that just really haven’t worked out for me. I mean, obviously not everything that you do will work out, but I haven’t accomplished ANYTHING the the past few months and its hard to stay super positive and stuff. People I know say i come off as a very focused and ambitious person.
It’s time she gets even.
just a bit
To my relief, he went on to explain that the daisys were actually manzanilla (camomile) and the bag was full of dried camomile ready to make tea. Phew!!!
Hackworth was arrested and transported to the Charlotte County Jail where he remains on no bond.
Catania, Sicily Street Fashion:
Surt – According the Eddas, which detail the Norse version of the end times, Surt or Surtr was known as the Destroyer and plays a key role when Ragnarok begins. Experience Festival gives this brief description: “A Norse fire giant, the world-destroyer in the Edda. In the Norse myths Surt will lead the hosts of Muspellsheim (home of fire) at Ragnarok, when the gods depart the realms of life, and the worlds perish in universal conflagration. Surt himself will slay Frey, the bright god, and when all the combatants are slain, Surt will fling his firebrand, and everything animate or inanimate will be plunged into an ocean of fire, and the nine homes will be no more.
So Josh got to the hospital. I wish he was there sooner during the whole hooking up process. But he made it. So we just sat there and hung out. And then my friend Stephanie came too. Turns out I couldn't eat anything but liquids and clear stuff! Which totally stunk! I didnt even eat anything all day. Oh well I enjoyed my cherry jello. It was good too. And I sat there wondering how in the world does there jello turn out? When ever I make jello it always has weird rubbery hard spots... HA.. Stephanie left around 6ish, still didn't feel anything. I did feel a little bit of pressure. But that wasnt really anything new. I had a big baby pressing down on my organs and stuff so I was used to feeling uncomfortable.
Recipe is easy. I noticed that there's typo error in the metric measurement. I suppose..it is to read grams instead of ounces for the weight of sugar and cake flour. I was lazy to use vanilla bean, so i used bottled vanilla bean paste instead. However, i used vanilla sugar in place of rubbing the vanilla beans onto the sugar. I didn't make the vanilla cognac syrup, i took the short cut and added cognac to my already triple-sec syrup which i had in the fridge...somehow i like the combo of triple-sec and cognac!
Reclining while the tail end of the shower finishes Her glimmering rhapsody
"We don't want to impose things and we don't want the ANC to impose things on us. This alliance has survived on a particular style of inclusive consultation leadership, and we'd like to be heard because this has been rudely interrupted in the last 10 years leading up to Polokwane", Nzimande said.
Using HypnoBirthing I ended up having the dream labour. Contractions started at midnight. We arrived at hospital about 4 o’clock 5 cm dilated. I was in the birthing pool by 6 AM and to the surprise of my midwives gave birth at 7:23 AM with no drugs required not even gas and air. I would describe the pain as uncomfortable, but my birthing plan indicated that the midwives not offer me pain relief unless I asked, and the uncomfortable feeling was not significant enough for it to cross my mind to ask. Clearly HypnoBirthing had a big part to play in achieving this. Additionally I did not tear at all and have not been sore since. I put this down to the perineal massage suggested by HypnoBirthing.
A loyal and wise reader hooked me up with THIS LINK to an LA Times article about the popularity of both teams and venues for LA based sports. The Dallas-based research firm that exists solely to help advertisers figure out where to spend their money relayed some really interesting results. The article is mostly about how last year the Dodgers slipped to the 4th most popular team in Los Angeles even though Dodger Stadium remained the top venue.
This got a slight laugh out of him. “Well, actually, in my line of business you become a little bit of everything, I guess.”
We HAND Made This was formed in early 2012 due to a love of vintage and an appreciation of all things handmade. We personally hand-make each item we sell. Customization is one of our favorite things. Have an idea for a custom project? We’d love to discuss it with you. You can reach us via email at info@weHANDmadethis.com or by phone (904) 351 MADE. You can also stop by our booth at Art Walk on the first Wednesday of each month in Hemming Plaza.
But it looks as though faith alone won't sustain us no more
Takaki Toono: What do you mean?
I feel great, so when it comes to workouts- change is good!
I do not know whether a man or a woman
It’s often claimed by supporters of the smoking ban in pubs that it is supported by a majority of the population. Sometimes the likes of fake charity Action on Smoking and Health (ASH) go so far as to say that it enjoys “overwhelming” support.
What led you to self-publish?
Four was the year that you strived. Why, look at you now, you're already five.
Macedonian police on Tuesday arrested 20, allegedly radicalised, Muslims in an operation in several villages around the capital. The police believe that the murderers are among those arrested.
The timing of last night's Panorama TV investigation, targeting the very officials deciding England's fate, seemed calculated to inflict maximum damage on our bid.
I was exhausted, so my house is a wreck. None of my children are doing chores, because someone destroyed the chore chart. Gggrrrr! So, I really need to make a new one to help my children remember this is everyone's house.
Afterwards, sat in on questions and the first four speeches in the debate on the draft House of Lords Reform Bill. The Labour Party manifesto called for an all-elected upper House, but they see that because no two people agree on what is to be done, the issue is a perfect opportunity for making political mischief. Jan Royall's speech dwelt on the public's lack of interest in reform, particularly when so many are facing serious economic problems. Of course, the time is never right for boring constitutional changes, so we'd better leave the undemocratic appointed Lords alone for another few decades.
There were a few evenings where were still up at the café talking until far too late and there was a big rush to feed the kids and shower before the sun set (it gets cold out there in our outdoor shower once the sun is gone!).
Serve with chapathi or any best combination
The “why” of America, who we are as a people, is in the Declaration of Independence, “We hold these truths to be self-evident that all men are created equal and endowed by their creator with certain unalienable rights.”
Marge knew what I was thinking. He knew what I was thinking because he knew what he was doing. “You're worried about the needle aren't you? God, I wish I'd have let you open it now. It's clean, Dear... you saw me throw the packet away.”
The ladies meed some Russian gentlemen and decide to have a little get together with them. Now since they have been drinking and are not very used to it, This becomes a problem because they start to get stick from it. Well it also becomes a life saver at another point. This part I am going to be a little vague with. I do not want to kill to much of the story for people
Oh – and am I pulling my hem stitches too tightly? Or is that simply the light’s reflection making the skirt appear puckered? Or perhaps I need to press. I’ve learned to NOT press my hems but to allow them to hang as turned. I think I may have neglected to press the hem stitching.
I was a bit doubtful about 'sondear'. I wondered if the translator was seeing both "delve" and "spin" as metaphors for some kind of deep thought. They're not - they mean using a spade and a spindle, respectively, to grow food and make textiles. In this English sentence, neither of them can possibly be taken in any other sense.
I struggled all night. The people-pleaser me was devastated by her attack. The fearful me was afraid of more attacks. The insecure me shamed myself for not having more control over my tongue and ruining everything. The Spirit in me prayed.
Attention job hunters!
Anyways so here it is up to month 4 (today).
Big Shikes comes in at 8.7 percent ABV and 73 IBUs, so we are indeed talking about a big beer here. It would be illegal in some states.
“During the last year of college and particularly after having graduated, I was internally prompted to thank God for his graces and the blessings of my life. I had come to realize that there had to be an appropriate response on my part.” So Benjamin began to pray and to ask God for guidance.
Only one presentation in the Communist history stream, that by Kunal Chattopadhyay (Jadavpur University, Calcutta), had a cultural focus: how Bengali Communists utilised traditional forms of peasant cultural expression to win a mass following during the famine years of the early 1940s. The importance of cultural studies, however, figured in several other presentations.
Kiss my forehead, smile and stroke my hair out of my face. You don’t even have to say the words, you’ll just simply stay.
They reexamined their spending and their priorities.
As a promotional stunt, however, the Katy's well laid plans turned sadly sour. At the instant of impact, one of the boilers unexpectedly exploded. As a result, bolts and scraps of iron and debris were hurled hundreds of yards, some into the spectator area. Two spectators were killed and a few more seriously injured.
There are literally generations who have never seen a silent film and hope they give this one a chance. And look at it this way, at least you won't have to worry about missing a line of dialogue due to the inconsiderate jerks talking and chomping on popcorn behind you.
Tom Bleigh, Brew Master
Lissa studied with Caroline Leavitt, Donald Maass and Janet Fitch, and read at the Iowa Summer Workshop. She’s a member of SCBWI, SFWA, ITW, as well as one of the Apocalypsies, a group of 2012 debut YA authors. In 2012 she joined Beth Revis and the talented gang of ten YA dystopian and science fiction authors at The League of Extraordinary Writers . Lissa is hard at work finishing the sequel, ENDERS, due out in December.
I used the paperclip to attach the straw to the diver by first clipping one side of the straw and then clipping that onto the diver. I then gave the diver some clay boots to weigh it down a little but not have it sink altogether. You can see in the picture that when I put it into the water it bobbed at the top; I just pushed it in a little and put the cap on.
Let’s be honest. Don’t we all make Martha’s mistake? We mean well. We want to help out in our children’s school and be active in our communities and do our part at church. As with Martha’s cooking and cleaning, there’s nothing inherently wrong with any of these activities. The problem is when they become a hindrance and keep us from doing what really matters—spending quality time with our Lord and the people He puts in our path.
thereunto, with my person and estate, as in equity I am bound!
Humble? Huh? Well look at all these books that are about “self-help” and “seven ways to living effectively” or whatever other nonsense is out there… how arrogant!
14. Ain't No Use Crying (Oberg, Christiansen, La Grand, v. Buuren) 4:05
un-silenced.
I constructed the skirt in the style of an 18th century petticoat. This is basically two rectangles attached to twill or linen tape, which are then tied around the waist. The advantage of this is that it creates two openings on the side through which you can access your pockets that are tied on underneath. Koshka the Cat has an excellent tutorial, titled, An Easy, Authentic Eighteenth Century Petticoat. The skirt is edged in 4 yards of gathered black lace. In addition to making the skirt cocktail length I decided to give it a little bit of kick with a net petticoat underneath. I already had a black net petticoat in the stash that I purchased at a theater costume sale. The skirt had one opening in the back and I converted it to the 18th c. petticoat style and adde a yoke at the top to give it more length. Since this is a pirate costume I used a scrap piece of skull print cotton that I can't remember why I bought it. They kind of look like tiny TIE fighters in this picture but are really kind of blobby skulls.
DW: Oh, like scalar technology kind of stuff. Yeah.
I personally just feel like if you are unsure about what a baby is then just shut your mouth and don't say anything. Tonight was the second time it happened and the old lady went out of her way to come over and comment on how it wasn't fair that we were making --"her it's a girl right?" uh no lady he's all boy--eat cheerios while we had wings. It's like really just really? My husband was like Seriously he doesn't look anything like a girl... oh well I guess I would rather have him referred to as a girl than fat any day.
There’s one last impression from my first Moscow day, one I’d almost forgotten; but it seems, only in retrospect, to eerily portend what would become of the last Russian revolution. Young black marketeers approached us in Red Square and invited us to either 1. purchase military hats or 2. dine with them at the Hotel Rossiya. We chose the latter.
Cuz we DO! We're communicators! We talk and we laugh, and we, well, you know ...
By Lourdes Venard
There is a huge shopping centre next to immigration (random I know but that’s how they roll in China) filled with small shops with shoes and bags and everything you could imagine. Some of it is junk but if you look in the right places you can definitely score some ok finds.
I was so VERY proud of my girls…they speculated on how “The Mama” would feel, when she knew people that she didn’t know , loved her and her babies, that she might feel a little bit better, maybe.
in a future that has yet to arrive
Well, last time I posted on this blog, it was about my series of failed relationships, and how I’m pretty much content to let love go, provided I don’t have to go through such pain ever again…
And a father.
I never in a million years would have guessed that in the span of one week that I would be lucky enough to have two dream jobs. Unfortunately I only can do one. I wish I had a time machine to be able to do them both... But due to my NDA I cant reveal what I leaving Motorcity for :(
Aside from being a horribly clichéd action-movie pose, there was no goddamn reason for it. They had just defeated all the enemies, quite clearly. They weren’t even close enough to fall into it naturally, Ayase slid backwards really quite far to do it. And because they’ve defeated everybody they just kinda… stand there for a bit. It is an utterly awful attempt at trying to make the characters seem ‘cool’, and my lord did it fail miserably.
What gives? Or has given, or something in that vein, you might be wondering.
Yet he added: ‘After I had a day to sleep, I just sat there and said: ‘That’s perfect.”
Vader: Oh, God, those things are ugly. I can't tell you how many times I tried to get your mother to get someone to change the designs on those things, but she wouldn't budge. She said it was her planet, she'd run it how she saw fit. shakes head
The alternatives have been tried, and their disastrous consequences make even our present horrors look a price worth paying by comparison.Thank fuck you finally said that - I really was beginning to worry. But you've still missed the important point that it is not capitalism that's in crisis because what's brought us to this point is a twisted and bastardised version of it. Capitalism's evil twin if you like.** In fact I'd say that what we have is in fact one of the alternatives that so horrifies you (and me for that matter).So self-evidently desirable and beneficial are these pillars of the market economy that even China, after years of fighting them, is embracing them as quickly as it dares. But China wants the benefits, not the excesses, and so far, in this giant experiment in market liberalisation, it seems to be getting them.I'm just speculating here, but I wonder if the Chinese government would bail out failed businesses. If so maybe it's that knowledge that the government will not be there to help sticks in the minds of the new Chinese capitalists and encourages a more cautious approach.Indeed, the self-confidence of Chinese leaders, and those from other emerging markets in Davos this week, is in marked contrast to the self-loathing and disharmony which has engulfed the advanced economies. China has had a good crisis, and has plenty it can now teach the West about the merits of hard work over entitlement, long-term thinking over short-term gain, saving over borrowing, and investment over debt-fuelled consumption.
Not possible. Why? The idiot at the warehouse could not explain why. Why? Because the less the people answering those calls for complaints know, the better for the people higher up. All they care about is that they don't have to go an extra inch, let alone a mile for a customer.
McKellen
I can't believe it happened to me. I lost my baby girl at 33 weeks. Her name is Gabriella Eve. I love her with all my might and everyday without her is like an eternity. I look in the mirror and see a flat stomach. No more bump, or round belly to show for my months of care and nurturing.
Very, clean and pretty dry with a silky texture and a tiny hint of cream and chocolate which add to the satin sensation. Medium to long finish with hint of juniper and citrus, very easy to drink and up there with the best.
apart?
Cheerful, chirpy, Callum the cuddler, confident and calm.
being removed.
“It is not our feelings themselves that cause us difficulty in life, but the repression or judgment of our feelings.” Pg 52
Nothing too big or small (It does not matter what it is you can have it)
It co-ordinates with the lovely Aviary stamp set – some of the other designs of paper feature the same birds and owl of the stamp set. But here I’ve just selected a few of the more geometric patterns to create strips across my card.
More than anything, Green Jersey is a celebration of the heroes and characters of the 2011 Tour. It’s needed more than ever now, in the midst of incredible betrayals, crashing disappointments and bare-faced cheek. I’d started to feel that the Tour was that flamboyant, sexy exchange student who whisked me off my feet, promised me an exotic new life in the sun, sweet-talked me into a quick knee-trembler and ran off with my handbag. This book reminds me why it’s still worth being a cycling fan.
To round out my garden shopping, I also purchased some poppy and amaranthus seeds. I would have loved to get ferns and hostas, but I have no shade back there!
Presents to wrap, cookies to bake, house to clean, laundry to do, oh and on top of that we have had sickness here this week. Jason got sick Tuesday and it is slowly making it's rounds. I refuse to get it, of course :) I have been taking Oil of Oregano since Friday and praying hard!
‘Yes. From eating your burger.’
Director: Michael Greenspan
When my sister moved into her little house, long before she met Brad, and long, long before either of us planned to become mothers, I told her that the little door under the stairs in her new little house was where the gnomes lived. She laughed politely, then went on with her life, painting over the little door.
As for how much capital you need to hold in order to trade microlots, it depends on your desired strategy. The given strategy I laid out, I’d start with a minimum of $1500, just to be safe for those unusual market conditions where it’s dropping and you need to buy in on a number of consecutive days. But you could start with a smaller amount and just decide not to trade nearly as much.
If this sorry bunch of shiny, bland, balls of steel wool, smart suits, shields and shite, deserve anything then it should be the indifference of history. I can see it now, a classroom a hundred years hence: "Oh yes the Blair Governments? Well, they were essentially Thatcherite in all but name. Certainly many of the founders and stalwarts of the Labour Party wouldn't have recognised the sleazy, profit-fixated, ego-centric non-entities of the Blair/Brown years as socialists or, moreover, nice people to live next door to. I mean.....Margaret Hodge for fuck's sake? Charles Clarke? Hewitt? Phil Woolas!!!!!
This will also help repopulate parts of Siberia.
A very Happy Birthday to you Pat !
....and just in case I forget: The Hairy Bikers were wearing, according to Sonshine 'hoderlesen' as they yodelled their way through Austria.
I have had at least one message in the past day or two that suggests that living a minimalist lifestyle will hurt the chances of an economic recovery.
As you can image, the $22 billion retail packaged-water industry in the U.S. is not thrilled with this movement to ban plastic water bottles on college campuses. They’ve upped their marketing efforts in college towns, stating that bottled water is a safe, convenient product that is “one of the healthiest drinks on the shelf” and that its packaging is recyclable.
Warbling Vireo 1
Good morning. Today meets me in a pensive state of mine. The art, the writing, the marketing; I won’t nosh about any of the three. At least too much. Just enough to count as a blog post. The art: I’m on. I do it every day and I still have a ways to go. I am progressing and I am satisfied with that progression. The writing: other than here, I’ve not done no writing. I understand it all takes time, I’ll take my time with it. That said, still gonna aspire for better. The marketing: Uhg, the one task I still shrink in front of. This one is gonna take a while. I’ll visit my therapist and support groups I’ll cry a little and maybe then, maybe, I’ll get my butt out there. We’ll see.
Stampin' Up is a great company to work for one of the greatest things is " Share what we love, & love what we do" this is never truer than at a Stampin' Up event. After registration one of the first activities is swapping, the theme for this event was " Summer Mini ".
Best for you, you mean, Damien thought, staring daggers into the back of his stepdad’s skull.
In other words, you can put your fate in the hands of the readers, or a group of dinosaurs who are making themselves extinct.
Publisher: Broadway Books; (December 24, 2002)
“Mom, I want that.”
"By his own admission, the Patentee has submitted the number of patients eligible for Sorafenib is 8842 per year. Hence, the Patentee has made available the drug only to a little above 2% of the eligible patients. ....
I’m a swirl of ideas this lovely, overcast, chilly Saturday afternoon. I could talk about my mother, my schedule, or my belly some more. (I just talked to my mother, I spent scads of time tweaking my schedule yesterday, and my belly’s still there!) But that would be boring.
I do understand they are trying to cover everything but then when they are covering a football match what do you think the fan reaction would be if they should start talking about formula 1 as both teams were about to toss for who gets to kick the ball first, or worse still just randomly go over to the news ?
Yeah, vomiting on myself in the 3rd grade waiting for the school bus was bad timing too. The time I freaked out and ran off the stage in the 7th grade while giving a “VOTE FOR ME” campaign speech to the entire middle school was bad timing too.
So Sunday is my last official day of being a smoker. I have been mentally preparing myself for 2 weeks now. Telling myself I am GOING to quit, everytime I smoke I curse the cigarette out telling it that I will not use it anymore after Sunday and just preparing myself in general that I can and will do this. I am scared to death more than anything. Scared of failing but how am I going to know if I will succeed if I don't try it? Worst case like my mom said I try and fail and I just have to try again. I am just hoping and praying for the best. I know the first few days and the first week is going to be the toughest but I have been putting a plan in place.
Here is what we ended up with. I have mad face painting skills at 6:30am.....
Me, I don't think pleasure is particularly sinful, and so, I took this photo for you.
K (1): David Akers, Ryan Succop
- Yes, brilliant, says Dan. (Maybe he didn't say the word brilliant as such...) Yes, convection. The wine comes up from all around equally, falls back again, and you get, the wine gets a completely equal exposure to the lees. In a barrel, it horizontal and the ends of the barrel don't get exposure to the lees. And the concrete is slightly porous, like the barrel oak, so a slow micro-oxygenation…
The Independent: “There is a fine line between fearless and reckless. Rick Kordowski appears to have ignored the line completely, inviting the fury of 120,000 of Britain’s lawyers, who are threatening to drag him before the courts. The 50-year-old from Essex provoked the anger of solicitors up and down the country when he set up his website Solicitors from Hell, which names and shames those members of the profession who are alleged to have provided a shoddy service. Thus far he has fought off repeated attempts by individual solicitors to shut the site down. Now, using their collective might, more than 100,000 solicitors represented by the Law Society have threatened him with legal action unless he shuts down once and for all.”
Today sees a PanPastel UK challenge that focusses on a girly or Mother's day project. Mine is a straightforward card using DP with girly colours and embellishments.
As I reflect on my time here at Milano, there are a few things that I think about. One is that I’m going to miss many of the people here after we go our different ways. I’ve met some brilliant, kind, passionate people here. Another thing is that the policy analysis framework is something that I anticipate will be useful far down the road.
*Must be 18+ to enter this giveaway!
Matthew
Trevor and Curtis - She would be Heather! Heather is our Project Coordinator and plays a significant role in managing all of our projects, clients and assisting us with the day to day requirements of our firm. We have expanded our offices to include a "Design Showroom" showcasing the best wallpaper and fabric books in the city. Heather assists customers who are designing on their own with access to our great collection of designer exclusive products.
Next says that Tesco’s Cherokee shoes are based on its own Trekker sandals and that its Strike Babes trainers, crocodile shorts, a hooded cardigan, combat jeans plus two "tractor and a car" clothing motifs have also been unlawfully appropriated. Tesco, itself a significant intellectual property owner, has declined to make specific omment on the infringement allegations.
**If you are in your 30's and beyond you might remember that the Long, Hot Summer was made into a made for TV movie (original was a scathing version in the theater in 1958) with Cybil Shepherd and Don Johnson. It was almost too hot for TV. I remember watching it from the top of the stairs outside my bedroom while my Mom had it on in the basement.**
Brodsky again asked if eminent domain could achieve the project more quickly and effectively.
The theme is PEACOCK, suggested by Linda.
It is not my first priority, so it may take a few months.
If this problem is not fixed, things will just get worse and worse.
I was adorable, cute and fun...*cough*
She has heard a whisper say,
this seems a quality product made in Japan. I have considered a cordless version but since I only need this occasionally I don’t want to maintain batteries so this would be good choice that will last…
Robert Brown is dragging around a lot of history. He was once a sideman with the great Howlin’ Wolf, and in the 1950s, he recorded two solo albums, “A Minor Blues” and “Whiskey Talking.” Both of these albums were once considered to be blues classics. Now, mostly forgotten, he works as a bar musician playing a style of blues shaped by the great Mississippi Delta players like Charley Patton - one man with an acoustic guitar - nowhere to hide.
About 10 pieces of clothing, valued at between $1,500 and $2,000, were damaged, according to the report.
2010.09.17 Iraq Hawija 4 9 Jihadi bombers take down four civilians with a roadside blast.
Can't I find a way to say "yes" just one more time?
When I think of the IP marketplace I envision sales and acquisitions of IP and not the roll of IP within the marketplace (i.e. technology). The closest embodyment so far would be Ocean Tomo, which seem to have hit a slump with its last auction being seen as a failure (see here and here). In recent years we have seen a surge of different players entering the market (Ocean Tomo being one) and I am a firm believer that this is a field in its infancy, which I have written about here and here.
My fingers redden the moon.
fragrance, I like to smell a lily note brightened with leafy-green
By Ryan Jones.
This new addition to the Dolly Wink lower lash collection stays true to the older series of bottom lashes which were very natural and wearable. The lashes have a gradient length, extending further as you move from the inner to the outer portion of the lash band. Volume is concentrated towards the middle of the lash band, giving more definition to the iris when worn. The style also utilises a wispy lashed look, giving a cute, natural feel.
We both continue to find meaning in religious rituals, and we both read and explore theological and spiritual themes, but Girlie and I share what we may describe as a “secular sensibility.”
It is a good idea to practice grounding and quieting ourselves as we begin our days-as well as providing ourselves with physical outlets to blow off steam–so that we can utilize this gift of energy in a focused and productive way-rather than letting it scatter our efforts or overwhelm and our systems, leading to an excess of aggression, distress, or anxiety. This conjunction is a gift, if we utilize it appropriately
I think I'm losing the idealist in me. And it's for that I cry.
1 tablespoon peanut or safflower oil
Now, this threw me a wee bit when I initially thought it I had to pick a song that is happy and I quickly thought, 'fuck, I don't know many of them' but panic over, we're all good.
This is probably an elaborate hoax, but equally probably contains several very accurate allegations.
Confit Tomato, Niçoise Pearl Onions
Just before we left for our wedding night gift at a nice hotel, we discovered that the nieces and nephews decorated up the car with signs and cans. Except it was my mother's car which looked just like our car in the dusk. So they begged us to wait until they changed it. Couldn't hurt their feelings but we were laughing out butts off in the house.
Yesterday was entertaining, to say the least. By the time it was over I told Rachel to file this one under “Homeschool Sex Ed.”
We, therefore, conclude the Board did not err in holding that the prior district court litigation did not prevent the Deutsch reference from raising a "substantial new question of patentability" under § 303(a). As properly interpreted a "substantial new question of patentability" refers to a question which has never been considered by the PTO; thus, a substantial new question can exist even if a federal court previously considered the question.
is not fair because he is not a jerk
I would like to get these components done and a full release on the Mochi Media Network out to the public soon. At this time I still can not provide a date for this update, but I will keep everyone posted on the progress.
More green juice
Here are 7 things I learned this week.
5And put old stitched-up shoes on their feet, and old clothing on their backs; and all the food they had with them was dry and broken up.
While i did a another pink and green look just a few posts ago, I feel that this one looks better, and feels much cleaner in my opinion. Also i thought I'd show you guys a simple way to wear bright colour as eyeliner. Since bright colours are very popular on the runway, if you decide to wear a bright pink top, you can also try to match it with a bright eyeliner. The key to bright eyeliner is that, in my opinion, not over do it. While we need the pop of colour, it needs to be minimal and neat, but still noticeable.
on the Water Tower waiting.
It's all part of the new age of Idiot Journalism being practiced in the advertising and marketing press. Here's how it works. You work for some kind of web marketing outfit. You're looking to drum up business. You write a piece called "________ Is Dead." The only requirement is that whatever it is that is dead had to be slayed by the web, and preferably by social media.
I'm really tired of people who don't take responsibility for their lives and actions. I'm tired of hearing them blame the government, or discrimination or big-whatever for their problems.
the entire track was lined with luminaries and different names. i know that this night was one of intense sorrow and pain for those who have lost someone close to them from cancer. my heartaches for you in that and reminds me to continue to fight towards living in a place of thankfulness. thankfulness for everyday and thankful for how our story ended. that the luminary with my name on it...was about remembering where we have been, where we are going, and how if we choose...if we are able...we don't have to waste our cancer. i am certainly glad we didn't waste ours.
PrettySweetBoy
But for once, I convinced myself to hold off and, especially tonight, set a better example to myself.
I'm enjoying being mindful of what I can find blooming at this time of year. On the way to the mailbox this morning, I spied this dandelion. A little while later, I saw a honeybee on another, which made me happy.
I’ll never understand why people stay in those homes. Call me a wuss but even if the house is free like it was to Wayne’s family I wouldn’t last there. Me, “I love our new free house”, “you will die” said the ghost, “Son, put the F’ing boxes back in the moving truck WE’RE OTTA HERE” casually screamed me.
-1 bunch cilantro, chopped, with 1 tbsp set aside
photo credits: style.com
Sometimes this bit is done several times before I actually see bottom of bucket as it’s knackering & I have to keep laying down between bits so I don’t *cross the line*.
3:30-3:45 Coffee
With the sugar loaded candy cane!
Interviewer: There is an issue that some people may find strange. If homosexuals and lesbians belong to the same category – an inclination towards the same sex – why are there different punishments for men and women, for homosexuals and lesbians?
Religious ‘moving beyond Jesus’
1. Goin' Out Of My Head
Wine glasses
However, sometimes users may have simply spread the pellets on the ground, where dogs could eat them, or “even with correct application, dogs might be exposed while digging in treated areas with their paws or by consuming poisoned prey,” the CDC team noted.
Is Everyone Ready for Fun? encourages little ones to move and shake along as the cows dance, wiggle, and jump up and down on chicken’s sofa. This book is an excellent read along and the narrative is great for funny voices. The illustrations are very bright and bold and the text is done in bold speech bubbles.
I want to dip back into my photos for March 23 (or whatever week I am doing) and find photos from that day from other years. Or as close to that day as I happened to blog/take photos.
But I am that which unseen comes and sings, sings, sings,
but some things
God's presence is ever beside you,
An Invasion-era beat group on the brink of disbandment give it one more try, and create a pop marvel. The theme, whether intended or not, alternates between desire/longing and resignation/acceptance. Seems to summarize The Zombies own career, sadly.
It gives me a great pleasure to share some of the finest posts from bloggers who have made their mark with their great writing. These are friends, fellow writers and people who have help me take those initial steps when I started as a blogger. Each one of them has something unique to offer.
Let me be clear about something: the teens who did the actual bullying, set up the hate websites, made the hateful phone calls, tormented 14-year-old Kenneth James Weishuhn Jr. literally to death, need to be tracked down and prosecuted. Their actions need to have consequences. This investigation needs to be removed (if it hasn’t already) from local authorities who are going to be too tied into the various families and local institutions, and handed over to state investigators and attorneys. Any accordance that needs to be given to their status as juveniles is already built into the legal system.
From the kitchen of The Huthers
Brand new Car DVD Nvigtion Bluetooth Microphone Mic Assembly ,
Pop the whole thing onto an orange card base, and you're set!
Coincidentally, one of the keystones of permaculture is to 'value the marginal'. In permaculture terms, the marginal is the place where two eco-systems or habitats meet, woodland and meadow for instance, which can be more productive and richer in species than either habitat on its own.
Could you imagine a scenario like that? Imagine someone says about you "yeah, we're good friends. He's a good guy. You know, turn your back for two seconds and he'll be ass-raping your kids, but other than that. . ." Is there any chance you'd ever be friends with that person?
“I’m Carlos,” said brown hair.
then contact Glenda to make your purchase.
- Let me smell your dick first, - she said.
Harlan Ellison – Mefisto In Onyx
If I'd had a deeper knowledge, a deeper respect for my ancestry, I almost certainly would not wear the Irish Drinking Socks. But there they are; you see them on my skinny ankles.
This life is a gift, struggles and all.
Oh well. Communication breakdown, it's always the same. Communication breakdown, a-drive me insane.
So as all my loved ones gather round for my final words, I might just say something to mess with their heads: I just want to state for the record that you’re all bastards, or if I disliked the woman that my son married, I would point a shaky finger at her and say: I know about the poison and then snuff it as the rest of my family look at her with evil eyes.
“a naked attempt by the producers to rope in viewers whose experience of United States history may be limited to their school history classes. “In that attempt to make it feel epic, it’s actually quite refreshing to see big personalities commenting on what history means to them and what that moment in the story means to them, and how that has inspired them,” said Nancy Dubuc, the president and general manager of the History channel. “It sort of ups the entertainment value of the show.”
Those reprobate Gentiles didn’t even deserve consideration by God. They were infidels.
I should say, for clarity's sake, that some free material on the net is marketing. For instance a musician might put up some music to tempt the folk awards judges - should any of them happened to have access to the interweb - to listen to an entire album. Or perhaps to entice music-lovers to a gig (which is, in turn, one of the most successful ways to enthuse people about buying a CD these days). But on the whole you can tell which is marketing and which is "piracy" because the marketing will be done by the band or film-maker themself on their own website, or somewhere else reputable, and what you see is unlikely to represent the entirety of their output. It's one of those "know it when you see it" situations.
Through a series of unfortunate circumstances, Kid Chameleon finds himself on board a train in the company of a runaway convict Slugger Sankey. The criminal hijacks the train and runs it into a tanker train with thousands of gallons of petrol standing in the station of a town. Kid and Sankey jump out as the two trains collide and explode. News come through that Kid and Sankey are responsible for hijacking the train and causing the accident. The police move in and cordon off
I got mad skillz. Plus I’m training Esme the cat to be a zombie-killing ninja.
1/4 cup fresh lime juice
The next day we received a call from Gongzhon— our Chinese connection from the Gladney Adoption Agency- that “they” had begun “mixing and matching” adoptive parents and babies in Nanchang, China, and that any day now we would be receiving “official confirmation,” so I wrote to her again:
Sound checks – A Before the show, getting there, loading in, setting up, check list.
As I observe the creation, I may ask, “How did all these things come into existence? Or what is the source of all these things? Was there anything that preceded all the material things, all the matter that now exists? Is it reasonable to believe that a Creator with intelligence and wisdom created the matter that now exists?”
This verse paraphrases the lesson in Phillipians 2:6 which talks about Jesus not regarding equality with God something to be grasped, though He was in the form of God. How much more mere humans?
Last night, the boys decided to put the mattress against the wall and spread out all of the soft things on the floor directly in front of it. We then took turns - many, many, MANY turns - running into the mattress at full speed, then bouncing off to a relatively soft landing. We started off relatively slow, and got progressively faster and louder, squealing with each bounce onto the floor. We laughed until we cried, sweated up a storm, and eventually all took a break for milk and juice before starting up all over again. As I watched them, I was struck by the innate pursuit of pleasure they have; we did not have to label this as "play" or "fun" in order to have it be enjoyable, it just simply was. Their desire for fun was unalterable, uncontrollable, and unfettered. It was brilliant.
I've been battling a bit of an addiction.
Second: following the blogs of others has lead me to a (rather stupidly obvious) conclusion, one that I should have reached once I had bothered to clear the froth from my mouth -- there are more enlightening things elsewhere. In particular, I've recently nostalgia'd pretty hard and re-exposed my roots as a gamer, which is just one avenue I could spend all day talking about.
Just looking and smelling the bottles of disgusting ingredients was a hit. Labels were downloaded from HERE. I ended up doing a bit of my own interpretation of the different ingredients. My motto-think outside the box and use your imagination!
The students worked really hard on the film, recording the voice-over, writing the titles, drawing the backgrounds and models, animating the stories, and finally editing the film. We were also very lucky to find the perfect soundtrack, a song called “Lizzie Wards Elephant” by a songwriter called Steve Birks (you can see his MySpace page here). He very kindly gave permission for the song to be used in the film.
Gold Thornbridge Chiron 5.0
It will be a little bit of time before they open their doors to the world. But for now they have an option to get fresh organic foods to the neighborhood. When you join, you can sign up for the Buying Club and get your order every other week. See you in the aisles, soon!
That desire is there in his curt “don’t” when Dall tries to switch on the light after the murder. And it’s even more apparent when amateur psychic Constance Collier, when asked how his piano concert will go, tells him “these hands will bring you great fame”--Granger’s expression is not fear, but remorse. The steadily rising hysteria of Philip’s behavior is such that he’d have to be an idiot not to know that he’s giving the game away, and Philip is no idiot. He’s working toward his goal, using the weak person’s tools of manipulation and provocation.
I have decided that another way to kick start my career, in addition to applying for jobs and taking civil service exams - by the way, I scored only 80 or so on the state test. What was wrong with me? I know that I got that "1/8 = 0.125" question right. And the cat/veterinarian one.
Then add 1 cup of corn flour mix (mix 1 tbsp of corn flour in 1 cup of water) .Mix well …Allow to boil and cook the corn flour ..
The Bee Gees were one of the few legitimately great disco artists, but there is a reason most of us have moved on from disco.
I think I go there too often, as we're on first name terms...
Quite apart from the financial side, another major frustration was not being able to photograph all these amazing looking people. I couldn’t do it for free, as that would have undermined the entire point of being there, but I’m a portrait photographer because I love photographing people. So to sit there, watching all these people with colourful skin, radical hairstyles and multiple piercings, just walking around without being able to lift my camera, was particularly disappointing.
Most major brands have some kind of social media program. But never before, to my knowledge, has a major consumer brand made a social media program the centerpiece of its advertising and marketing.
This has been done with a solid image stamp however you can achieve a similar effect by stamping with a white pigment ink pad and colouring in with a white gel pen - this looks great on Kraft card stock.
Obviously, if you read the wrong sort of book, you aren't going to like it. If you like a book with a lot of description and complex prose and you pick up a book with a terse, direct voice, you may find it overly simplistic. If you wanted a character-driven story, and you read something that is all about the plot, you're going to be unhappy with your selection.
We first practice History of EXO-K then talk about the plan while waiting for others then Practice again and vice versa.
Now having felt the serenity of being balanced, I can't get enough. When I don't get to go to my classes I feel strange and I don't like it. When you get used to being in homeostasis, and you suddenly find you are there no longer, it's all you crave! I realized how easy it was to get me time and I actually over-did it. I am ashamed to admit it, but I did. I started scheduling myself for all these amazing things I had always wanted to do. I signed up for a photography class, I planned dates with my friends and I considered attending any event that seemed appealing.
Pray for me next weekend. I'll have to average a 9:08 mile pace to sneak under that two hour mark. Oy. I'm scared.
Tickets Reservation Local Flights
LuAnn was able to make five bags using 45"-wide fabric. My fabric wasn't that wide, so I could make only four bags. You can see I turned fabric different directions to assemble the bags. I also changed zipper directions, and added ribbon and beads to the zipper pull tabs.
Doll By Doll: Gypsy Blood
A pitcher who hasn't control hasn't anything.
Evelina and the Time Pirates by Rachel Donnelly
Nepal
Manibukers supported by almost all poker rooms, only exception is Romania with a software Kriptolodzhik and Boss Media.
3. Summer Camp Cafeteria Lady, age 16. This was a quick job, only a few weeks at the end of a summer when one of the staff cooks bailed on short notice and they needed someone, and my sister happened to work there as a nature guide already. Have you ever seen Wet Hot American Summer? It was actually kind of like that. I fried 400 burgers in a row for an outdoor picnic, and ruined my favorite tank top with burger grease. I loved that job!
In other words he retains the coercive instruments of real executive power.
6. The Food: Now that my stomach has recovered from the early days in China I am once again enjoying the food here. I have always loved Asian Cuisine and living in China and getting to eat the food ALL the time is such a treat. From Eggplant to Noodles, to the ridiculous amounts of different types of mushrooms and various seafood-the food is great. And for those of you who are wondering, I am a PRO at using kuaizi(chopsticks).
...oops, i think i forgot to turn mcqueen on...oh well...SLEEP ANYWAY!
Corruption and lack of understanding of REAL values in wasting money on things like cigars much like 100K luxury handbags or 150K champagnes while 99% of the population starves, is partly why the Manchu led Qing Manchu minority led Dynasty led China to the 1911 colonization situation.
Group #12
Another factor that raises serious doubts about the Norwegian authorities’ view on terrorism and organizations that advocate such measures is its preferential treatment of well-known terrorists living in the country. The most famous example is of course Mullah Krekar, who has been residing in Norway for nearly twenty years, and who is constantly praising the use of terrorist attacks and is a passionate advocate of the introduction of a worldwide Islamic Caliphate. Norwegian authorities have numerous times stated that they don’t intend to deport him, nor do they intend to place him under arrest. Mullah Krekar is a free man living on Norwegian welfare benefits, and according to some he is still running his vast terrorist network from the relative safe haven of Norway. If Norway had been a serious partner in the fight against international terrorism, and if Norwegian authorities had been truly opposed to all types of terrorist activities, Mullah Krekar would have been extradited to the US a long time ago enabling US intelligence agencies to interrogate him, something which they have requested numerous times, but which the Norwegian authorities have declined.
8. Writing is a habit. Writing every day, even if the product is sometimes—even often—terrible, is useful. I think it produces stronger long-term results than waiting for the proverbial Muse to move you.
In that case, how does he get round the Grand National size and number of hurdles as described by commenters yesterday?
Other criticisms I have heard leveled at Silko pertain to her 1991 opus Almanac of the Dead, which many say contains homophobic stereotypes. I have yet to crack open the behemoth, which my Native American Literature Professor once described as a literary attempt to undo colonialism, but I am very disheartened to hear that such a great writer would commit such an ugly act.
Austra – Feel it Break
July 13 – Holmdel, NJ @ PNC Bank Arts Center
The Eagles, Tina Turner, Led Zeppelin, ZZ Top, Bob Seger, Creedence Clearwater Revival, Bachman-Turner Overdrive, Deep Purple, Waylon Jennings, Willie Nelson, Jerry Jeff Walker, Merle Haggard, Hank Williams, Jr., Lynyrd Skynyrd, Charlie Daniels, Grand Funk Railroad, Heart, Fleetwood Mac, Stevie Ray Vaughn, the Atlanta Rhythm Section. . .
Again we come back to the same question, why do we need this pantomime, why do we need state officials telling us that the document exists? why doesn't Obama just release the damn thing?
26th Feb 1982 Bristol Trinity Hall
“Only those who are countercultural by way of being other-worldly have what modern culture most needs to hear—a Word from God that can cut through the deceits of modernity to reach the hearts that lie within. These are the people for whom God has weight, and, because of this, they themselves have weight. In contrast, it is this-worldly Christianity, no merely in the old liberal forms but increasingly in the evangelical church today, that produces weightlessness in God and in its purveyors. It spreads something light and superficial, a mere gloss on modernity, under the illusion that it is actually offering the antidote to modernity. So it is that evangelical faith and practice have unaccountably run aground in the shallow waters of modernity. If we are to survive, we most return to the deep waters of God’s otherness—his holiness and truth—for that is where our safety lies.” (151)
Sistahs, I call you to heel. We shall sway them on the beaches, enthrall them in the supermarket and seduce them in the manner to which we have become accustomed. Armani yourselves, oh poor besmirched wearers of Ballbags, grab your moobs.....the Sisters of the Pointy Heel are here!
Health-based drinking water guidelines are available for several of the organic chemicals detected in Cape public drinking water. No samples exceeded the health-based guidelines for these chemicals. For the two perfluorinated compounds and one of the organophosphate flame retardants we detected, federal and regional U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) offices15, 16 and several states17, 18 have developed health-based guidelines, which are not enforced but provide a recommended level designed to protect human
From my opinion, I think Apple did a good job in offering SIRI in the early stages of development because voice recognition software hasn’t been the most accurate thing I’ve used on Windows computers, let alone any device before the iPhone 4s. Plus, with the amount of ways the English language can be spoken with so many accents, I believe it was the right thing to bring out Siri in the perpetual beta stage so that data can be collected about how Siri responds to accents from the English language. If you want to know more about data being the intelligence inside, check out my previous blog post.
“All children are artists. The problem is how to remain an artist once he grows up.” (Pablo Picasso)
Here's what I bought so far
The New York Tribune from Christmas Eve 1912 cheerfully attempted to use the symbol of the Christmas tree as totem for class struggles between the rich and poor. In case you missed what they were doing, the headline proclaimed: "HOW THE CHILDREN OF THE RICH AND POOR ENJOYED XMAS TREES -- BUT IN DIFFERENT WAYS."
The problem is that, at three years old, when he gets frustrated with his inability to make something work, his final solution is to throw it across the room.
I was there again at 7am, sneaking a quick peek – even though the temperature was still at 54 degrees centigrade, and I have to be careful not to shock my glass with a cold draught – but it was the glass that shocked me – in those few seconds, I hit the slough of despondency (Yes Mrs Ware I still remember you making me read Pilgrim’s progress at Junior School).
Here are the bags I will be making for our Long Beach Ronald McDonald House. I'll put some chocolates, hand cream and lip gloss in these little Fancy Favor boxes. This is a hybrid of both stamping and My Digital Studio. I am just loving MDS and can't wait for the new improved MDS 2 coming later this year.
R21: *Sc 2, dec 1*, rep 6 times. (18 sts)
- Piezo (maybe alert on high temp?)
The whole reason I like watching the finale is to see the After the Final Rose special, and based on last night's "re-proposal" I doubt Ben and Courtney will make it until Memorial Day. There tears did seem genuine, I just think that there is way too much water under the bridge with them. I also think they both didn't go in looking to find love in the first place. I think Ben wanted to promte his winery and Courtney just wanted to be famous. I will say that I thought Courtney's makeup artist did an incredible job last night as she looked really pretty on the special. Who knows? Maybe these two are perfect for each other and deserve each other. Regardless, Ben is just kind of boring and I'm not a fan of his hair at all. I'm just looking forward to the Bachelorette!
Sure enough, as we made it to the back of the store, two six-packs of the good stuff were sitting there on the shelf.
Life is beautiful.
Furthermore, with a quarter of the two parties votes at 7.5% or 3 seats, the British National Party should now have 9 or 10 councillors if the results of the previous three years were combined.
What I did do was knit that sock, and as I did so, I reflected yet again on how very soothing an activity that is. Not just knitting – sock-knitting. It has turned me from a whimpering coward into an intrepid birdman, when long-distance travel is called for. And it helped a lot on Sunday evening.
Besides, it's ALWAYS good to reconnect with your girlfriends and have a good laugh because that's the best medicine. And boy, does it feel good when my cheeks hurt!
*We took a fun filled trip to Disneyland in July 2011. We were supposed to make it to Sea World, but most of us got extremely ill and spent a lot of our vacation in the bathroom taking turns puking or, well you know.
May 17 (8 p.m. – 9 p.m. ET)
There are no applicant fees, and participation in The Malko Competition is free for all conductors selected by the pre-jury.
Everyone is welcome to join us
It's tough to remember that things don't happen over night, so you don't reap the benefits of eating like a perfect person the week after - you often have to wait several weeks to see the effect of this - so therefore, you need to spend a month eating like a perfect person to notice something, and the minute you stop- you know in a few weeks time you will undo all the good work.
The official line of the red clawed multiculturalists, currently holding prominent positions in our country is that the British Islands have no indigenous people and that we are a shifting race of intermingling immigrants with no ancestral roots into into the soil of our homeland. Similar arguments are made against the claims of many native people's across Europe, for instance , as Dr. D a regular commentator at Sarah Maid of Albion recently put it, it is now all but official policy in Sweden that “there is no Swedish identity, no Swedish history, no Swedish way of life. Everything is given over to the Other, the Other that is superior to all things native.” Sweden is an extreme case but the same is happening in country after country across the continent.
The Paris Apartment book by Claudia Strasser
talk with me
But being the workaholic that I am (or should I say the "Social Butterfly" that I am), of course I have to try to squeeze in some time within the 2-1/2 days that I am there to visit with my wedding colleagues as well. I will have a full report on that when I return next Tuesday. Ahhh... wish I have my new DSLR already!
Things have gone down hill rapidly. The four year old needed to get past the yoga posing toddler and "accidentally" pushed her over. Into.... you guessed it. The deuce.
However, quilty friend Charla hosted us for a sew day at her house yesterday because she is an "opening-weekend-of-deer-season" widow. I think we all ate way too much but had a great time!
1 tablespoon rosemary, minced
I have an interactive, Zentangle, coloring book due next week! It's called the "Tangled Fashionista". I can't run away to Maine in the middle of Beach Season so I had better get to work! I have a gazillion other ideas too.
Rating: 8 out of 10
So I am mountain biking out in the woods and before too long I come up on an old rusted washing machine sitting out in the middle of nowhere. I find it peculiar and then wonder if there is anywhere in the world left untainted by human beings. Is there anywhere that has been left natural without human disturbance? I keep riding and come up on an old chair tossed away, and then, and old worn out couch. I am saddened at first because I feel disregard and disconnect for nature. When I see this I feel a lack of respect for Mother Earth which provides EVERYTHING we need for life. Then after a moment, I begin to be amused and chuckle.
Part of that process, you may have experienced, involves making sure the stuff with family history — and stories attached — is passed out among the children. I'm eager to share my wares: She handed off two beautiful tea sets from her side of the clan. There's this set, from which I'm drinking keemun right now as I write ...
I attempted to pull the bar stool back until it dawned on me it was attached to the deck.
I love this method (similar to a CSA, really) because I end up getting vegetables I wouldn't normally think to pick up (this week, that was turnips). New veggies usually lead me to new recipes- and on cool days, that means new soups. I like to use the vegetables as the center of the dish- not just the side show. The method for this soup is typical- saute some onion and herbs, add your firmer veggies with liquid and simmer for a while, then add your greens and beans and heat through. The result is a nice balance of savory flavors with a light sweetness from the squash and turnips.
Hey guys and gals,
Sediment cores from the mouth of the Congo River—the deepest river in the world—suggest that humans may have played a significant role in changing the landscapes of Central Africa. That river curves through the world’s second-biggest lingering tropical forest, but it and its tributaries also flow through the savannas so prized by modern-day safaris.
I certainly can't imagine a funny side to having to keep her nil by mouth from 8am tomorrow morning until her procedure at 2, or to having to hold her while they put her under, or reassure her when she wakes up pissed off and hungry.
Now i have to dash as ive a meeting to go to with Soph - with
“The time to begin writing an article is when you have finished it to your satisfaction. By that time you begin to clearly and logically perceive what it is you really want to say.” ~Mark Twain
Still sleeping in his crib,
Taken from 'It's Blitz' (released April 2009)
she showered in smiles and laughs
Ugh - Kya grabbed the wrong camera cord! lol! However, these are from my phone and they will have to do for now :). (b/c of the situation, delegation of parental powers were signed today by the birth parents just in case - thus I can post pictures ... and make medical decisions ... you know, the important stuff! :)).
But then something interesting happens. As I become more and more powerful I start to observe the internal shit that piled up in these years. The external conditioning isn’t the cause – it’s just a reminder that I’ve been educated in such a way to conform.
Kompany rose above the Manchester United defence to head in from a David Silva centre in first-half injury-time.
I won't add anything to this just yet, I'm going to wait until I bake something afresh (this Saturday actually). But in the mean time, here are some pics of my past cakes.
I've discovered that if I'm going to get anything done--anything written, that is--I need to be in the Zone.
So, did Mr Masing declare this interest and how did he acquire his 67,700 shares in this Malaysian subsidiary of the international oil exploration giant? The issue raises questions for the global company, as to why it considered it appropriate to hire a sitting local politician (whose qualifications are in anthropology) to head up its local division?
Me: (smiling) Yes, it actually ‘revolves’ around the sun, but yes.
by Renee French, 2007
Two for flying,
1. First, the award goes to this New Jersey mom who brought her 5-year-old to a tanning bed, causing severe burns. As you can see from the video, this woman (along with being a liar) has some issues that should probably be dealt with. Poor little girl.
What are y’all up to this weekend? We have a wedding to attend tonight, and I am hoping to finally get around to adding some fall decor to our home. We’re expected to finally get our first cool front this week! Yay!!!
I decided to go back to coxing after my completing my masters. After four and a half years in Central London, two of which spent doing my masters at University College London (UCL), I began to miss the life that I had when I first arrived in the UK: walks in the moor, a slow drive through the Chilterns, watching paragliders at Dunstable Downs, coxing and sculling. Or rather, going straight to the riverbank backwards and ruining someone’s fishing experience.
Those who say “they could have voted BNP” are fooling themselves. The BNP have never yet found a means of disproving the media lies about them. In fact, in many ways despite the herculean efforts of many activists, too many BNP members (and their leaders) have done everything in their power to prove the liars right
It says:
Copyright:2012 Universal Studios
Truly, everything happens for a reason and each encounter that we face has a very beautiful story to tell, if we only allow ourselves to introspect.
And remember, It's just a great new job that I love very much.
Turmeric powder:1/2 tsp
Now I'm verbally pleading, begging, and threatening my body to get me up the four stairs at the front of the house so I can get inside where the temperature is more moderate, where the bathroom, bed, computer, etc are. It seems a million years ago that it wasn't really so bad until the sixth or seventh chair. Now my downfall is the third.
Recently, I met my dear friend, Tricia Crisafulli, an accomplished author and businesswoman at Tea Lula, our favorite gathering place in Park Ridge.
Sunday, as you can imagine, was all about the Super Bowl. Tired from the night before, I stayed in my pjs until the game started. As I admitted in this post, I'm not a huge football fan so I mostly read magazines or was on Pinterest during the game but rest be assured, I celebrated the day in my own way. Mostly with guacamole and seven layer dip, but hey, is that not the best part?
On the other hand, at close to two and a half hours long already, it’s hard to imagine how every detail could have been fit into the movie. So that’s understandable, I suppose.
What about Spain’s new government? Not much difference! It has been unable to avoid a double-dip recession. And it has been powerless to stop an exodus of foreign investors from Spanish government bonds.
TYBOP3 has created its very own ‘Page 3′ and we are already having lots of activist fun with them; including sneaking them into sleeve of The Sun in your local newsagent or supermarket. Send your photographed back (and full head) with the campaign slogan on (name, age, location are optional) and a brief quote explaining why you’re protesting to: turnyourbackonpage3@hotmai​l.com. And don’t forget to write to your MP TODAY at www.writetothem.com
Law of Attraction and Mindful Parenting
However, as this year's summer festival season approaches it's twilight, there's one more beer event to tick off my list before I trim my beard, polish my pewter and put my sandals away for another year. To bring the season to an end I'll be heading up to the Black Isle Brewery, just north of Inverness, on the 9th and 10th of September for their Jocktoberfest beer jamboree.
In the book, where she mentions the article, she is relating what happened during a family ‘gathering’ not reunion, in 1992 and as part of her narrative, of how Ruth and Gert didn’t care of know what she was doing, Joan give a THROW AWAY line…meaning…that she DIDN’T WANT TO BE TOO MUCH ATTENTION ON TO THE FACT THAT SHE WAS TALKING ABOUT AN ARTICLE IN WHICH SHE NAMED US ALL! By doing that she thought she could get away with naming us! But, then she footnoted it and gave ALL INFORMATION ON HOW TO GET THAT ARTICLE. fool…she never thought that we would actually READ THE BOOK. But we have and we took action and it is the action that we took that PISSED Joan off…no one gets to write a lying libelous book and get away with it.
One more fun thing for the day. I took cookies (orange vanilla ones, of course) and a card to Station 8 tonight. I met Will, the firefighter who answered the door. He invited us in the lobby of the station and we chatted for about 10 minutes. He has a deep respect and appreciation for the Buffs, and I shared that I (and also the rest of the buffs) also have a deep appreciation for the ones out there doing the job of saving lives and property. He was humble, as most firefighters are and downplayed it. He engaged my hubby in conversation some too and my hubby said something that surprised me. Will said that he looked forward to seeing us on the canteen unit. As I started to say that my husband wasn't really into the whole gig he was just along for the ride with me, my hubby said, "I haven't gotten that far into it... yet." YET!!! He said, "YET"!!! Maybe someday? =) That would be SO cool to share this with him!!
Glass of wine in hand, we circled through Gumps bewitched the beautiful holiday trappings throughout the store (see more here). I had to tear myself away to get into what was becoming a quite lengthy book signing line.
Soooooooo...
Many wonder why the news media lie so much to support and protect the Democrats. It is because the pope's Jesuits have thoroughly infiltrated the news media. The news media and schools and colleges, with their lies and propaganda, have so conditioned the people of the country that they are unable to recognize what has been done to them. Victory for the Jesuits seems very near. The Jesuits are like a cancer that has pervaded nearly every fiber of the society of the United States. We are being defeated by the enemy within.
He starts a new picture that day. This one is still exactly the view from her window, but he isn’t in it, painted or otherwise. Something else is, though. Behind the paint. When he finishes he sends it straight to her house, though she never gave him her address.
FiftyFifty Brewing - This sweet, inky brew will give your palate something different to chew on than the hop monsters next door. Eleven different grains (including hand-toasted oats) and a dose of molasses provide its rich flavor and body. Three shots of hops give it just enough bitterness and hop flavor. If the Donner Party would have had this, there would have been no problem surviving the winter's cold.
The little boy in the striped shirt was alone in the slums.
Roger Deakins (cinematographer- Revolutionary Road, Doubt; visual consultant- WALL*E)
He began to recite a long list of V-6, Turbo Diesel, blah-blah, boring stuff, I really should check my e-mail, options. I retreated to the happy place in my head, nodding politely when there was a lull. When we arrived at the car show we looked at Volkswagens and Toyotas, Kias and Hondas; common folk cars.
For anyone new to the Hexie swap, please see the tutorials Jane has listed in the upper right corner!
finally, right?
and women open your purses,
20 Second Hand Stand Hold… Followed by:
She has cast herself down into the murky depths in the name of information gathering. Science! Progress! It is a pretty sacrifice, and there will be magnolias at her funeral.
I got to chat with Beryl about the turned taquete towels that I've been weaving. I got the pattern from her. She told me about the colors that she likes to pair, and I came away with a plan for a little different warp, but I'll wait for my new yarns to get here. I could have had them en route by now, but I'm so horrible with numbers that I muffed up the online order. They emailed me that I got an F in credit card information. Okay, not quite that harsh. So I'll just have to weave the next lap robe. Since I spun and dyed the wool, I don't have to wait for delivery.
All I’m trying to say is that if you want to put one past the reader, spring it on ‘em really suddenly. Don’t give any inklings. Don’t give any idea at all. The best way to do this is to have no idea of it until you spring it on the readers, making them completely unaware as well. Thus, you can’t be planning the book and must be a pantser through and through. If you have even a shadow of a hint of a sliver of a thought, you’d better be really good at hiding your feelings. Of course, you could always go for the “clamor in the east, attack in the west” approach, where you stick another gargantuan billboard right in the reader’s face advertising your planned surprise’s archenemy, and then make that vanish just before putting your planned idea front and center.
The Rapid Action Treatment Cream is also quite gentle despite saying it gives results in 4 hours. I was thinking that for something to work so quickly it would probably have to feel like it was burning your skin off but this cream doesn't. It seems to work fast, (combined with the wash etc) but I'm not sure if it's as quick as 4 hours. Great thing to keep in your handbag though!
Too much sugar, especially in the form of raw cookie dough, is never a good idea.
With more games coming very fast, I just hope that we don’t suffer anymore injuries because our rivals have been reinforced.
Shadow:
The width of this blog is 470 pixels. The width of images in my Etsy shop are 570 pixels. That means, I have to adjust them so they are 100 or more pixels smaller when I place them in the context of one of my posts. I do this by adding width=”470″ after the image location URL, as shown in the example below. The picture will stay proportional in size when only given a specified width or height measurement, so there is no need for me to figure out what the other measurement would need to be. This comes in handy when I am working with images of different widths, but want them all to be the same height, or vice-versa.
attempt to take over political power. Since the return of democracy in 1999, many high profile politically motivated killings have occurred most of which still remains unresolved. The murder of Comrade ‘Laitan Oyerinde, is
At the University of Michigan, officials have decided to transfer the bulk of their 1,580 culturally unaffiliated remains to 13 Native American tribes who want them. In the meantime, they have been put off limits to researchers. "The law is very clear that they will be transferred," said school spokesman Rick Fitzgerald.
All the way home he glared at me from his spot in the back seat.
“So, on Friday night I were a road sweeper… then Saturday I’m in Battersea Park at this mega-event held in three compounds… When I went out of the compound, I were mobbed. People were mobbing me thinking I were maybe one of the Swinging Blue Jeans cos I had long hair. There were that many celebs and bands they didn’t know who I were, really, but they thought I might be famous. And I thought Well, this is fantastic!
It turns out her husband isn't a cop but had attended a police academy. While waiting for the Sergeant to arrive I politely added the not having her registration, insurance and improper tabs. While she stood there trying to call hubby on her cell phone, I held my portable radio up to my mouth, did not key the mic and asked for a patrol car to respond to my location for transport of an in-custody to the jail.
The Giver by Lois Lowry - This is a YA classic of a Dystopian future where everyone strives for Sameness. Definite shades of Brave New World, but only much grimmer involving infanticide and suicide. I can't really say much else without giving the story away as it is a very slim volume. Recommended.
8: The prosecution panel in the Corona impeachment trial made a pledge on Earth Day. They’ll continue to dig up dirt on the Chief Justice.
Nope. In your dreams, buddy!
My internet connection
Nick Cave? Yeah, I can accept that. But Sparks have been doin' it a decade longer!
And Kat? Can
I neglected to tell her of my self-emotionally-destructive behaviour last week. Another ex – Y – was in town. Y was very immature when we went out in our 1st year of uni. He dumped me and then proceeded to keep asking me over or to go out with him ‘as friends’. He got a new girlfriend the following September and now lives with her. He still Skype-chats me nearly everyday and we sometimes text, everything pretty innocent and friendly.
I used the new "Going Places" stamp set for my card. It's stamped with Memento ink directly onto my card base and then colored with Copic markers. I then stamped the sentiment up in the left hand corner.
The other day I was riding the train to the mall when some dude tried to talk to me. Some dude always tries to talk to me. On the train. At the grocery store. In a friends’ car. If I’m in public, there’s a 90% chance that some dude is gonna talk to me and see what’s up. My job is to let him know.
If you walk under the Devinagar Arch at the entrance to Devinagara.. or if you take a left turn before lottegollahalli proper while coming from doddabommasandra railway gate, you will reach this peaceful and quiet.. laid back Devi Temple…
Jonny Rotten Ramen
Que j'en ai vu, de ces saints-là !
Back in March, I returned to work at the pottery studio. I’ll pick up my recent work this week. Seeing the results of the glaze firing always makes me anxious, but if the pieces are decent *fingers crossed*, I’ll post the results.
Viewed from that belief system, I can see why unschoolers look like lazybones. We skip the hard part, let our kids play video games if they'd rather, and don't seem to care very much about the terribly important stuff (obscure or not).
18 mine
There are conditions, of course.
3.) Put into a container with a lid and wash clothes with it.
We can describe hands in many ways: claw-like, thin, scrawny, big-knuckled, blue-veined, plump, fat, chubby, arthritic. Characters can have tattooed hands. They can wear gloves, a simple wedding band, or multiple rings on each finger.
Just add 2 pounds of ground beef and tomato puree to this mix for homemade meatloaf just like Mama used to make Add Mashed potatoes and green beans for a 70s style dish Variation: Great as a coating for pork chops or chicken. Just put in a bag and shake over some cutlets and bake. Delicious and easy!
There are sub prime lenders for those who have bad credit or lower than average credit. There will be a need for a larger down payment and the interest rate will be higher but, if you make your payments on time, you can actually use this to make improvements in your credit score and possibly refinance a few years down the road. Check careful into any company offering loans for bad credit and make sure to read everything thoroughly including the fine print. Online loans tend to be processed faster and require little effort on your part to receive.
- Greg Leisz: pedal steel guitare
Nobody does situation comedy for Television better than the British and Doc Martin doesn't disappoint in this area. Although it is very funny, it's actually in the development of Doc Martin's relationship that the show really excels. Each story is relatively self-contained but it is strongly recommended that you watch the series in the correct order to get a good sense of this development.
The Family
I found it funny that Letizia Mancino thought that Seattle has steeper hills than San Francisco. I have never slipped and fallen on the hills in Seattle, but I once took a bad fall in San Francisco when we were living in California. Eveyone passing by just stared and made comments, but no one helped me up. My purse had opened and the contents were spread all around me. I had to painfully get up, gather up my belongings and hobble back to the beauty salon on Knob Hill to recover myself. I had fallen so hard that I found a hole in the knee of my pants.
We wandered around mostly, just seeing what we could see, unsure of a destination and a goal, but, isn't that the most fun?
A cursory search of the Internet shows studies to determine if you sleep better on one side versus the other (right versus left, not top versus bottom), or if it matters in a relationship, which seems to dictate that the man sleeps closest to the door, which I usually do by virtue of the room design. There's no feng shui of bed side that I can find. I don't even understand the feng shui diagrams available on Google, though admittedly I didn't try very hard.
We have to try to get Harley enrolled in big boy school before May to be able to get a discount on the summer rates. I still haven't looked into several other possible alternatives because I just can't seem to make myself do this. It's a simple and not very intellectually challenging process that many people who are not as equipped as I do all the time, but for some reason I am frozen. Whatever.
So all those browns, whether antique prints or turn of the 21st-century reproductions, might look dull to fans of chartreuse and shocking pink (a revival of the colors of the 1950s and '60s).
but he survived. and is doing so well, or at least well according to facebook these days.
Due to my father having to make several trips to the Mayo Clinic and Hospital in Rochester, Minn., this spring, I will be gone a few days between now and the end of school. Next week I will go over those dates and the assignments and activities that I expect you to complete while I am gone.
So that when the darkness comes again,
This evening I pay tribute to the mothers in Zion and pray with all my heart that what I have to say to you will be understood by the Spirit and will lift and bless your lives in your sacred callings as mothers.
M and C (especially C) had a blast checking out all the guns ~ and so did their dad!
This is a gross disservice to both the affected business owners, seeking protection from the abuse caused by such legislative based marketing, and the Ohio Constitution, which takes great pains to emphasize the importance of individual property rights.
4 structure
The biggest bruise on her thigh because a busy, crazy boy decided it was time to wrestle and then, out of the blue, drop-kicked momma in the middle of the living room floor
Your family has had a long fascination with the paranormal — your father Peter even wrote a book about ghosts. What are your current “spiritual interests” or projects that aren’t vodka?
Though I have read some of the Upanishads starting at the age of 18, I have not ever written about any of them, and there are many more Upanishads that I have to continue reading. (Sankara Bhashyam)
Fortified milk and other dairy products
The reason we went was because the middle ages is part of the grade four curriculum in Canada and Natasha, Tim and Griffin, who are HUGE Harry Potter fans can't seem to get enough of those dragons, sword fights and magic that was so much a part of this time in history. They all love the mini series "Merlin" as well.
It's obvious that Hubbard knows her subject matter here and the fact that she's a travel writer who's spent time in Belize really shines through and makes the book feel authentic. The accompanying illustrations are all drawn by the writer herself and they're gorgeous, they really help to make the story feel more like a travel journal than a novel and I'm looking forward to seeing them on the page, rather than just on the screen of my Kindle.
2 (two) winners will be selected. Contest is open to US and Canadian residents only and will end 2/15/09 at midnight.
Jimmy Garrison: bass (2,3 & 6)
Fortunately I’ve got a few generous co-workers who’ve been helping and rest really is all it’s cracked up to be. So I’m on the mend and…
I loved this challenge and was inspired by the fact that around the time of me making my DT card, it had been St. George's day - and the Royal Wedding was fast approaching at that time.
Should husbands grapple with Scripture? Yes! Does Jesus hold a husband responsible to determine for his wife what is true? No way. He has given His Spirit to all believers to instruct us through His word, not just men.
This is a part of Spring, tho, isn't it? Creations by Laurel-Rain Snow dared to mention allergies recently and I could've throttled her (except she's so darn NICE!) for bringing up such a sore subject. I mean, SPRING is beautiful & amazing, right? So what's up with new batches of germs and over-excited pollen?!
Before: nervous, happy, delusional but gonna do it!
And the clock strikes 4 – I’m quite partial to a drink or two, not to get drunk as such but I’ve found that a few glasses of red wine on an evening helps settle any obscure or unrelenting thoughts that have a tendency of building up throughout the course of the day. You see, at the moment I’m at a place where I see and feel my body changing for the worst and regardless of what it is that makes things all the more easier to deal with, if it helps, it helps, and it helps.
If you missed the post on how 2 pieces of furniture were married to make this cubby hole table you can see it here. It's pretty neat I think.
Daniel Defoe – The Ghost of Dorothy Dingley
Everyone has their favorite television shows that they hate to miss, but sometimes getting to the television in time for them is just impossible. If a DVR is not in the budget, there are ways for people to watch their favorite shows online. It is simple to watch new episodes of some of the best shows on television shortly after they air at on TV.
The details of his other awards and recognitions, his literary and journalistic accomplishments, his role as a cultured and savvy observer of shifts and trends in global politics can be found in the many biographical portraits that mushroom in cyberspace as soon as a figure of such renown passes away. I’d like to offer instead a more personal account, a “What does Carlos Fuentes mean to me?”
- Magdalena Vinent (President, IFRRO)
Sharpening her Machete to fight undead hordes,
The Shard’s flower plan is definitely an exciting one. Office space will be from the 2nd to the 28th floor; restaurants on the 31st, 32nd and 33rd; the glamorous Shangri-La Hotel from the 34th to 52nd; an even more glamorous SPA on the 52nd; residential apartments, with A view, from the 53rd to the 65th; an unbelievable observatory from the 68th to the 72nd floor and finally the spire reaches the 87th floor. It’s whooping!
And then I spy Jason up ahead. I do a fist-pump as I pass him on my way to the mile 3 marker.
Today I have the most exciting news to share with you all!!!!! In the month of February I was honored to be a guest designer for The ABC Challenge and had the best time working with the ABC challenge team. I really enjoyed myself and I was sad when it ended. Well..... I'm back!!! but not as a guest I'm one of the team yeah!!!!!! OMG how awesome is that? These ladies are so very talented and inspiring I just feel so honored to be among such a wonderful group of gals. Thank you ABC for having me!!!!
Nietzsche sees this as a reactive, rather than an active approach. The ‘slave-morality’ is a reaction to the external (objective) world. He is suggesting that if the world (or things in the world) act in a certain way toward me, and I can’t control those actions, all I am left with is the reaction to say ‘no’ to my ‘enemies’, and in doing so create a morality. In order for this to occur though the Slave requires the actions of the Master.
Hey everyone! so heres my weekly update!
-finely chopped spring onions (about half a bunch from supermarket)
someone has not linked up properly..
“The Sunday-evening after –meeting is another rare opportunity for evangelistic service, into which many pastors wisely press their Endeavorers. Dr. Charles M. Sheldon, as has been before stated, advocates making this great young people’s evangelistic service of the week for the actual bringing of men to a decision for Christ, and in his own experience has proved the vast usefulness of such a plan (p.330).
Bursting onto the club scene back in 2006, Zombie Disco Squad soon distinguished itself from the masses of electro producers clogging up blogs with a jacking house sensibility that stood him apart. Fast forward 6 years and releases on labels such as Dirty Bird and Sound Pellegrino, and Nat Self is finally ready to release the debut Zombie Disco Squad album, ‘Brains’, on Jesse Rose’s Made To Play label.
Treasures of Early Irish Art, 1500 B.C. to 1500 A.D from the Collections of the National Museum of Ireland, Royal Irish Academy, Trinity College, Dublin by Polly Cone hits the £1 shelf in my shop.
@ Oakland Raiders-7:00pm-August 25, 2012
Now add the chicken stock and stir till thickened.
Gold ambrosiac dawn metamorphosed night’s separation of consciousness into little-light-webulas
But before that. Can i recommend that if you are free and can afford it, this is a wonderful festival, probably my favourite of the Year, and more info can be found here
Memorable Line: “Eight hundred! And seventy-three. Eight hundred! And seventy-three. That’s just hot shit.”
What does this have to do with writing my Tony-winning play or my Oscar-worthy screenplay? Nothing. I mean, everything. Who enjoys writing for reality TV? (If you don’t believe there are writers, you have been misinformed.) The answer? No one. I have yet to meet someone working in reality TV who said, “Yes! I’m working in reality TV!” Eh hem, no. The only people liking it? The Kardashians. The Hot Tall Chicks. Jon and Kate and their offspring. That is, the stars themselves. That is, until they don’t like it anymore and they feel taken advantage of by the big bad network that paid their huge checks in the first place.
The awaking of stones, the rifting
Now, those of us involved in the book festival tend to become somewhat all-consumed by it. There's all that Yurty atmosphere and we can sense the raw, heady smell of it at a thousand paces. For those of you who don't know, the Yurt is an extraordinary structure that cannot truly be called a tent - it is more like a cross between a canvas palace and a canvas cave, with a lot of canvas in between, along with many rugs to trip over, many sofas of incredible uncomfortableness, and much free wine, food, coffee and Highland Park. Also a strange combination of huge friendliness and the constant sound of egos being battered and massaged in equal measure. It's not a place to enter without several deep breaths and any other form of calming device that you have at hand.
Soft goat cheese, or if you prefer a melting Gruyere, or a soft blue....actually whatever cheese you like/have
My Islam is Noble Drew Ali passing out tonics and lottery numbers
4. “CATWOMAN” or “PUSSYCAT”?!
“Nothing doing,” said Marlene. “We’re going to do this the right way.”
And just in case you have no idea about the song I mentioned earlier, here it is. You’re welcome. Now download some good music from iTunes and not Hannah Montana.
Let me go back to last Thursday. Some of this will be a re-cap from my last post, but since it all ties in together, it makes sense to go through it all.
Director: Scott Hicks
Nigeria losing such positions is the
Much like these delicious turkey steaks that I cooked the other day. I used Parmesan cheese to coat them and then I flash fried them until the cheese got all scrummy golden brown. You want to cook them quickly as you don't want the turkey to dry out.
"While it remained unsold, did it not remain your own? And after it was sold, was it not under your control? Why is it that you have conceived this deed in your heart? You have not lied to men but to God."
­Julius Malema has been linked to another failed construction project – a collapsed R2-million taxi rank in Limpopo.
“Has he made advances on her?”
Hi to everyone- I just wanted to pass this Breast Cancer challenge to all of you. It seemed like a good one. Go check it out! There are 3 different challenges to perticipate in. And the cards get sent to the cancer center for the families to use. Maybe you can make a card for our challenge then send it to them. I'll be making some cards for them, I love to use pink. Talk to you soon~ Tacey
Abby didn't take to the ocean AT ALL but she loved the swimming pool! Those cute chubby little legs and hands were just going and going! It won't be long before she's swimming laps. Her face went into the water several times, sometimes by accident and sometimes by her choice but she just sputtered a little and kept on going. Her little pink ducky was a friend for her in the water!
These matters will tie together when I re-examine the Kantian concepts of "might" and "dominance" in line with my own earlier categories of "spectacular and functional violence," to which I alluded in the essay preceding this one.
This is again just a little walk in my mind. These places are accompanied by certain scents, food tastes, ambience that I can’t really describe with words alone.
Thailand is a country with most of the population believing in Buddhist. Some others believe in Confucianism and Taoism. Their actions and words are greatly influenced by the religious ideas. If you want to date a Thai girl and seek a Thai wife, what do you must know about Thailand? What should say and what should you avoid? Read this article to know more. As long as you respect the customs and culture of Thai girls can you win her respect and please your girl and have successful online dating with her in the shortest time.
The Americans love anything to do with royalty and were intending to make a big deal over William and Kate's marriage - but with the yanks, nothing trumps Royal Badgers.
First up, above is an on-set still of actor Jonathan King getting the full-on treatment from the Weta Workshop boys, as they show the world how gruesome a thing it would be to blow someone's brains out from point-blank range. Just don't ask me how they know that.
Oh, I almost forgot! Mr. Precious gave me these candle sticks for Christmas. They're very simple but can be used in so many upcoming vignettes. I love them too! Can you love very simple but pretty candlesticks? Well, you bet your dripping wax you can! :) Clever, aren't I? :)
Just for a few minutes today, while you're sitting (or standing- anytime, anywhere),
I didn’t want to arrive empty-handed; yet there didn’t seem to be any physical object I could bring that would make any sense. It’s all just “stuff.” I had picked up various chatchkes around our house to bring to him, but my wife Shari nixed each one. Then, in Maui, a few days before we were to get together, someone was giving away a very long and exotic Hawaiian flower, and I thought that one of them, like a single rose, would make a nice offering. I put it in water for two days, but on the morning I was to drive over to meet Ram Dass, I discovered that the flower had started to turn brown and die. That would have had its own significance, I suppose, but I wanted to bring a fresh flower, and it was too late to look for a florist. As I drove to his house, I passed a field of wild flowers, pulled over and picked one beautiful fuchsia-colored flower on a thorny stem. I spent some time on the side of the road, scraping all the thorns off with my thumbnail until I felt confident that I could hand it to him without the risk of him getting pierced by a thorn.
Also arrested was a local man who delivered food and other essentials to the syndicate members.
Image via the Nationaal Archief
Those who blog very personal things: Look some of us choose to share very personal stories on our blogs too and you may not think it’s appropriate, but when someone tells you something that’s bugging them do you say “hey, why don’t you spare me the details and get a diary!!”? I think not, so if you come across something personal and don’t really want to know more by all means please find the close tab/window button and move on… I have learnt many things from others’ blogs and their experiences mostly because they are filled with raw emotions and I’m grateful that they shared that with me and the world.
Matthew got the Indiana Jones hat he asked Santa for. Whew!
On Shoes
Built in the mid 60's to a standard design favoured by the latter years of Birkenhead Brewery/Threlfalls who were already firmly under the Whitbread umbrella it was viewed as a prestige addition to the tied estate. Local industry was still thriving at the time with many thirsty workers emerging each evening from Cammell Laird and other large employers in the area.
Fell runners of the UK seem to have latched on to this concept decades ago with the establishment of the Bob Graham Round--a link-up of 42 peaks in less than 24 hours in the English Lake District. Legendary fell runner Joss Naylor built on this concept by eventually stringing together 72 peaks (and 105mi/38,000' of vert!) in 23:20 in 1975. The Round has never become a formal race but records are kept for the route and as with any FKT-style effort, the spirit of moving quickly on inspiring, gnarly terrain is at the core of these feats' appeal.
(This also means I saw neither of the two must-sees in Amsterdam, which is kinda fail.)
with her butter yellow sofa with all
Next week I head off to Colorado to meet up with friends and see if I can stretch my creative muscles a bit... let's hope the altitude doesn't clash with the Fibro, but whatever happens, I'm sure it will be well worth it.
Evans, who later admitted himself to the hospital, said he wasn't going to abandon his four-legged friend who just saved his life.
Like de Tocqueville, he identifies Americans as money-grubbing materialists. This forms the basis of his critique of American men:
For by grace you have been saved through faith. And this is not your own doing; it is the gift of God!
After walking the runway for the official show . . . we were asked to come back for a second viewing for the judges. Between our two visits to the runway, Redford had decided that he'd had enough of that damn hat. And there was NO changing his mind! If I'd been thinking - I'D have put it on . . . lol.
However, at first, I had no idea what to lay down on paper. I had years of art supplies stored in boxes ready to go and a steady flow of energy, but I had no point of view, no reference, no focus. Searching for personal resources that would give me a direction to go in, I stumbled on the idea of simply, and diligently, illustrating my dreams. I recognized that, compared to my waking life, my dream life was completely unscathed by the passage of time or stress; it was rich, deep, and fresh - an inexhaustible revelation. So, illustrating my dreams seemed to be a perfect starting point.
Essence is coming out with a new collection called Marble Mania Here is what Essence has to say about this collection. Marble Mania Trendy, twisted and totally hip: inspired by spectacular marble effects, Essence presents the new trendedition“marble mania” in march and april 2012. lovers of marble coloring and extraordinary textures can look forward to multi-dimensional effects. mascara, eyeshadow or lipgloss – the marbling is sure to cause a stir! several colors merge into one for a unique swirly-marble look by essence – it’s spring-time! Eyeshadow intense, bright colors with a multi-dimensional effect: the baked eyeshadows with triple marbling and a high percentage of pearl-pigmentation guarantee the ultimate wow-factor. the eyeshadows have an awesome marble look and offer just the right touch of color when applied moist or dry. available in 01 seriously mixed up, 02 let's get twisted and 03 swirl it, baby!
It’s also vital that you’re properly prepared for the interview. Sit in a quiet room without distractions, do your research beforehand and ensure you’re actually able to speak on the phone for the allotted time. One job candidate learned this the hard way:
Cut to tonight, Thursday night, and it is still getting worse every day. I am seriously MISERABLE right now. I have completely lost my voice, my throat and ears are in constant, searing pain, I am hacking my head off by coughing so much and my head usually hurts too. I think my throat is the worst though and the coughing. It's just so bad. I can't remember the last time I was this sick with something cold/flu related.
How about bunting, candles, door hangers,
These rules have helped me create success no matter what I endeavor to do. They’re basic, but they work. It also helps to be clear about what your success should look like so that you can recognize and seize opportunities when they show up. Most importantly, have fun! It’s sounds so trite, but it really is the key to it all. This business is highly competitive (and struggling, thanks to our economy), so it’s absolutely vital to love what you do.
I'm learning to blow with the wind.. not against it.
Also note that big and heavy packages increase risk of damages during shipping. The 36″x17″x17″ box is riskier to ship than the 26″x13″x13″ box.
Now, earlier this year a very special friend of mine gave me 12 of these 8″x8″ cross-stitched squares (in different colors).
The challenge is that there are quite a few other patterns going on in the room including the Asian inspired yellow/gray/black/white shower curtain that is being re-purposed for the closet door (pic to come), the window seat fabric, and the cheetah spot accent pillows you see draped over the side of the crib in the pic above. I want something that will anchor the space over the top of the wall-to-wall cream carpet in the room but that won't compete with everything else going on.
Well the results are not a surprise to me. Here they are:
We set out on our bumpy journey back to the mainland. As the island disappears out of view, I’m just about to congratulate myself on not having thrown up with sea sickness when the captain stops the boat and points animatedly out towards the horizon.
hi guys, happy friday! there’s a nice calm over here and we’re getting organized to pack stuff from the sale and ship it all pretty. claudia came down and having her here helps more than she knows! it’s great to slip away for a minute and come by. going thru all the stuff i realized how long i’ve been collecting everything from perfume labels to dance cards. the combination of playing with the camera and realizing how much you appreciate the small details in life, made me want to shoot a couple and hold a giveaway!
To the deep caverns of the rock
Additional information can also be obtained by contacting the Kentucky Department of Energy Development and Independence (DEDI) at http://energy.ky.gov/efficiency/Pages/default.aspx.
We ended the event with a nice lunch and an interesting speaker. (I might add there were three times as many men as women, and many of us sat together.)
Well. Work just took over my life for a little while there. I mean took over!
Preferences in overnight accommodations depended upon each RVers interests, needs and budget at the moment. None of us stayed exclusively in any one type of campground.
The winner of the challenge over at CAS-ual Fridays
Reboot 2012 Australia aims to achieve something simple...put a pair of footy boots on the feet of young players in remote communities throughout the Northern Territory. Currently they are wearing ONE second hand borrowed boot on the foot they kick with. Quite simply there are not enough boots available for them to wear a pair.
Aside from their fairytale essence, the nice thing about these candles is that they won’t clash with other themes you have going on throughout your reception. The castle design is subtle enough to blend with another decor theme, and the white, pearly colors make it easy to complement whichever color scheme you have in mind.
But the switch negates the way parking was supposed to be provided.
With my little girl growing up on me, her room needed an upgrade to mature a little bit with her. Her room did not have much of a theme, just purple walls and a bedspread with different colored pokey-dots on it. This is the first time since she was a baby that I have really done her room in a full theme. I got cute little wall decorations, hot pink glittered paint for the walls, and of course the hot pink and zebra bedding. Of course I was missing some decorations that would really make the room pop and give it the extra themed touch. Children's Bedding Boutique, offers tons of themes for any little boy and girl and I was more then happy to work with the company to do a review on some amazing items that really make an eye-catching statement in her new decked-out room.
That last part was a little over-the-top. Truth be told; a long term goal has always been to learn French in France. Also, thanks to Nanna, I was eligible for an Ancestry Visa. Fast forward six months, and here we are at Melbourne airport saying goodbye to life in Australia.
I have never forgotten this moment. It was a conviction of sin. It was one of those life-defining moments. As I contemplated what my friend had done to me, I realised the enormity of what I had done to God with my sin.
Personification: Peace It is my hope that the word, “Shalom”, which means peace, that Jesus said to his Apostles, when he was resurrected from the dead will flow through me to everyone that does not know the fullness of truth that is revealed through the church.
For fiscal years 2012 and 2013, The Act expresses its basic adjusted discretionary spending limits in two categories: Security and non-security. The spending limits for all subsequent years (2014 – 2021) are aggregate sums.
As I have said in an earlier note, Bernard Lassus' study of french jardins insolites in the early seventies of the former century, published in his book Jardins imaginaires (1977), has been an important factor in the rise of interest in environments created by ordinary people and self-taught artists. He coined the term habitants-payasagistes, which refers to urban dwellers (habitants), who transform the exterior of their homes into -creatively decorated- landscapes (paysages).
When they teach you the ABCDEFGHI mnemonic in your TNCC and ENPC classes, please don't gloss over the F is for Family part.
2008 Fulke Walwyn Kim Muir Challenge Cup Handicap Chase, and Grade Two scorers Deep Purple and Simarian. In the 2009/10 season, Barizan emerged as a top-class juvenile hurdler, winning a Grade One at Punchestown after finishing second in both the JCB Triumph Hurdle and in the Matalan Anniversary 4-Y-O Hurdle at Aintree. Williams is assisted by top amateur James Tudor, who was champion point-to-point rider in 2007 and partnered High Chimes to his Cheltenham success. He is married to Cath who continued to train point-to- pointers after he took out his professional licence, saddling over 50 winners in two seasons including the prolific Cannon Bridge, who chalked up nine wins in a single campaign. They have three children William, Isabel and Ellie. Evan is the son of former amateur jockey
As I said a few days ago, my “cleaning the bench at all costs project” included a few gladiators lying around. So, since I really want to start my RSBS campaign, I got around to paint them. And while I was taking pictures of them, I took new pics of all the other gladiators too, so in the next few days expect to see a renewed Gladiators gallery.
With that Praymar and Korfu led the others through the tunnel, each member of the party holding a shoulder of the person ahead of them. They proceeded slowly toward the stairs downward, and coming to them, went down with great care. At the bottom of the stairs they turned right and followed the corridor another thirty feet or so. There was rubble on the ground and they found the shattered wooden wall and nearby the wooden desk at which they had had their prior confrontation with the mine manager, where they met Ben, and rescued Korfu. Hermel asked if Praymar could see the wooden box with the button on it that the mine manager had used to call down below, but Praymar said that he couldn’t find it amid the chaos of shattered wood.
All children must be able to envision themselves venturing into the world, graduating from college and earning a living, Cosby said as he mimicked singer James Brown: “Get up. Stay on the scene. Be a studying machine.”
I am the person who calls you after your mother, father, husband, wife, son, daughter dies. I am the person who helps you to get all the paperwork in order and helps make sure that the life insurance cheque gets delivered. It's not what I do all day but I always have at least one family on my desk, sometimes I have four and they are all hard.
‘Mmmm, I like your feet on my cock’ he said. Now that I enjoyed too.
This final photo below was taken during the only snow we had this year, it fell in February and was not very heavy. Nessie moseyed out, made a small circle to investigate and decided that was enough for her and came back in the house. Being an arctic bunny is not to her taste.
They were staunch to the end against odds uncounted,
Emperor Steve and his nightmare circus clowns have deemed it the ‘cost of doing business’ to redress the pushback that his Enbridge dirty deal has caused..necessary and desirable to offer up to profit mongering the possible destruction of the West Coast’s environment..and we are, happily, prepared to take him on. His reduction of environmental review bodies fools no one; we all know that he wants to fast-track his rich friends’ interest, and could care less about those of Canadian citizens who absolutely and resolutely have told him no..native groups, academics, even those from his own side of the fence..not to mention US State governments, who also want no part of the fallout from spillage to feed China’s need for sludge….
7. Which large island in the Mediterranean is an offshore province of France?
Luckily it’s soon feeding time, which always puts a stop to the monkeying around. For a bit.
We have only a few things to say, but it’s going to require that we do it slowly and accurately, for we’re dealing with things my partner has no knowledge of. So I give him intuitive visions, and he then translates them in real time as he receives them. Even the voice that you hear, the consciousness that you perceive, and the energy that is around him is his ability to meld with Spirit in a quantum state. This allows him to bring forward in what you call real time a message that he is not aware of. He steps aside as he does now and, with curiosity, listens to what’s happening next. It is not a takeover.
Embellishments: eyelets, paper lace, SU ribbon, copics
Bracelet: Nialaya
But further inspection proves that generalisations should never be made when assessing or ranking greatness. If you’re going to attempt to rank super human feats, you need to do so with facts first.
Now, let me emphasise, the cover wouldn't necessarily be the only reason I would pick up a book - I might find the title intriguing, it might be included on a shelf I was browsing through, it might be prominently displayed in the shop. The cover certainly wouldn't be the sole reason for me buying a book. Even if I did pick up a book based on the cover and then went onto buy it, I'm not saying I've always enjoyed it either, but that's beside the point. The thing I'm trying to get to is this: looking through all of books I can't think a single one of them, which has misled me because of the cover. I might not like the cover, it might not be the cover I'd choose, but it's always been kind of appropriate - I've never found a thriller marketed as a love story, for example.
And I am telling you these are just excuses.
home.....somebody never had grandchildren.
Our new teachers have taught the dutifully-minded among us that when the mob labels a head of state or non-state actor as a tyrant, then regime change must take place, and that this man deserves to die. They have taught us that one dead US soldier is worth more in headlines than 100 dead brown skinned Iraqis, Afghanis, Palestinians, or Libyans- women and children included. That is the overwhelming power of the 21st century media.
I seldom use this time for structured writing. It is the time of day when I free my thoughts of all the strange and wonderful ideas germinating in my head. Often all I need is ten or fifteen minutes and then I can say—
Diary says it's laundry day. I am a Homemaking Goddess. Laundry mountain - here I come.
