And on the 5th day…
You can also see some of the fun I was having with Paint Shop Pro with the picture for this post, the closest I come to sweats by the way. Take that Juicy Couture! Click on the picture if you want more details on it. The background picure was actually taken by my daddy, so that's why it's so much nicer looking than any of mine.
All of this
I was mad at her for a long time over this and felt so sorry for dad who did his visiting on his own without her and mostly accompanied by me.
“It has been over 40 years of pain. It’s not entirely impossible to reconcile with the loss of a loved one if you are sure of it. But it’s the prolonged uncertainty over your husband’s life that haunts me everyday,’’ Kaur said.
I renew my mind constantly to bring my thoughts back into focus with the promise, which is to Live L.I.F.E. and to live it more abundantly. Today ,I am free to live fully in the light of Spirit and I know that the POWER within me is present to overcome all that worries me, or has made me fearful or hurt. I love myself knowing that old hurtful and negative thoughts may try to return, and I allow them to come up so that I can aggressively deal with them to lay them back to rest so that I am fully in alignment to manifest my good.
15:30 - Coffee break
And you’ve just started a messy, messy war in central Africa.
This soul can feel
The votes are in, they have been tallied, and it's time to announce the winning theme for the 2012 YA Bloggers Book Battle. Thank you to everyone who voted! And now, drumroll please: the theme is....
Sweet Jesus. Let me tell you this, it didn't look just like this picture. It looked about 4,000 times better. The top crust is brown sugar and pecans and deliciousness. Thankfully, we shared our sides and it was pretty even in splitting this. I can tell you right now, if he hadn't shared, I might have stabbed him with my fork. No joke.
The idea of Dish Plagiarism is absolute bollocks.
I personally think that B&Q is pretty overpriced, but despite this, we do find ourselves wandering around their warehouses looking for inspiration a couple of times a month. One thing they really do well though is their Youtube channel. I’m sure I’m not the only one that, when I get stuck, I either Google/YouTube it before I even consider asking an actual human. Well, B&Q have some pretty decent video tutorials on basic DIY, for basic people like myself.
As for me, I want my girls to cultivate those virtues worthy of the King, and I pray that there are Christian mothers out there raising their princes to settle for nothing less. Are you one of them?
I know it's short but I'm too shy ._. I just couldn't do it! I'm also sorry it was filmed on my Android rather than an actual camera. My digital camera was acting up and I don't have a place to put it, especially in an area where you can see the massive mess that is my AWA stock xD
I also see most discussion groups as being mostly dishonest. Beneath the shallowness that passes itself off as rationality, erudition, and politeness, lay the deeper truths of dominance and submission, of right brain versus left brain, of why groups create unacknowledged roles for their members, of what part our species’ tribalistic nature played in bringing us together, of why different groups appear to react to conflict so similarly, and of whether the apparent acceptance of the thinly-veiled rudeness that some people use to get and keep the floor suggests that it is interpreted as a strength.
This week, I tried two new recipes that I had pinned recently. I made The Pioneer Woman's Crash Hot Potatoes. They were so simple to make, and soooooo yummy! Just boil, smash, and bake....when I can sum up a recipe in three words, it earns a special place in my heart. I will definitely be trying these again!
thinking we’re pretty even so far, so why not?
the country.
And finally, I ended the night much as I ended last Saturday night,with a Who musical, this time their classic QUADROPHENIA. What can I say? Disaffected youth, mods vs. rockers, motorcycles, pills, sex, and music. And most importantly the rowdy crowd that TOMMY deserved but didn't really get last week. What a blast!
3.Candy Gourlay at Notes From the Slushpile
Much like with the second book in this series, "Loved", I find myself conflicted about how I truly feel about it. On the one hand I found myself enjoying the (majority of) characters much more in this book than I had in the earlier books (seriously, I never thought that I would find myself sympathizing, let almost actually like Sera, Caitlin's nemesis/ Caleb's ex, but I did- nor did I ever expect to find myself liking Sam once again). However, on the other hand, I found the plot of this book to be be cliched, and dare I say it, "Twilight"-esque (I absolutely hate playing the "Twilight" card, but what transpires at the end of this book is totally reminiscent of "Breaking Dawn"), while in the earlier books the plot had, in my opinion, been quite unique.
Certainly, we can't be the only ones experiencing this problem?
2. Blog or Tweet about this giveaway and leave a comment with the link to it.
It's the same ol' story of the plumber with a leaky faucet, the chef who orders take out and the cobbler with holes in her shoes.
CHANGE
Are you a pen-and-paper writer? Or do you do most of your work on a computer? I wonder if I would write more carefully if my brain-to-hand-computer-mind-meld thing wasn't at play. If I had to deliberately push every key on a typewriter again, would I choose my words deliberately?
of 8″ course was more like Scalextrix / Wacky Races at times.
Kiran Bedi has been voted as India’s most admired woman� and fifth� amongst all Indians.
This is hardly the first time
This month's discussion leader will be Dave Juart (topic TBA).
Hospital where she worked) in exchange for no criminal sentencing. He also says the male obama is a fraud.
do good works-He equates shinning with good works. So when He says, “Let your light so shine,” He’s saying
You may have noticed that I haven't crossed off seating yet. Bench is done, but I am still pondering adding a pouf or two or floor pillows or something around the table. We also have a lot of blank walls to fill and a giant bare window to tackle. Oooh, and I can't WAIT to get started on making labels for the baskets...
A few of Courtney’s closest friends gathered in our condo in downtown Toronto to surprise the birthday girl. She was so surprised when she walked through the doors, as groups of friends began popping out from behind the couch, and off of the patio. Naturally she loved the candy bar (I went crazy at Bulk Barn with all the candy!) and the tissue pom poms that I made, hanging from our light fixture. They were surprisingly easy to make, even though the tissue paper was super-thin and kept ripping (note: don’t buy cheap tissue at the Dollar Store to make these!) I decked out our “candy bar” with glass bowls and jars that we already owned, and filled them with various candies in the theme colours. Little makeshift flags (cardstock taped to candy sticks) let guests know the different candy flavours. I even had orange and pineapple pop from “The PoP Shoppe”, which guests could drink and use as mixers. After a nice dinner at Peter Pan Bistro, my all-time fave restaurant in Toronto, we went back to the condo for presents and cupcakes, and lemon-drop martinis.
So, am I still waiting to begin? Probably, but at least now I know why. I can take tomorrow and ask myself, do I still want to be hiding or should I begin to face the truth? I think maybe I might begin to face the truth.
AKA Irish Car Bomb Whoopie Pies
In the 1970′s people were aware of the idea of transsexuals. Harry Benjamin did his groundbreaking work in the field starting in the 1960′s. Unfortunately, it was still considered a mental illness. (In many corners, it still is.) My family didn’t believe in psychiatrists. Heck, I had undiagnosed asthma until I was an adult, because my mother believed it was psychosomatic. Strong people dealt with their problems and figured out a way to overcome them. I grew to believe that my only option in life was to become the prototypical male. So, I did. I wasn’t going to let this deviant streak in me ruin my life. I was going to get married, have a family and make my parents proud.
At the end of the day, we cleared the space in preparation for the celebratory soiree that proceeded. Food, wine, and music were all present, all of the elements needed for a great end to a great day. I’ll try to post some photos from the event at a later time, so stay tuned if interested!
I found their wealth fairly astonishing, particulalry when it was pointed out that Elizabeth’s engagment ring cost the equivalent of two maids salary for ten years. I thought her mother’s insistence on Henry was a bit awful because if Elizabeth is such a catch, surely she could find another incredibly wealthy person to marry before word got out about her financial situation??
~Penny Wenny
4) Politics by geography: "There are no guard towers, or Checkpoint Charlies, or even walls. But scores of American cities, counties and metropolitan areas are being divided again—splitting apart families, neighbors and, most important, voters with similar interests and needs—as states engage in the once-a-decade process of drawing the lines of new Congressional districts." However, "when urban and metropolitan areas are broken up and combined with rural areas, mayors say, fewer voices are left to vigorously push an urban or metropolitan agenda in Washington." And so cities are underserved by the political process. This latter point is perhaps reminiscent of an earlier discussion here on BLDGBLOG: Minor landscapes and the geography of American political campaigns.
Please update your bookmarks and re-subscribe to my feed over at my new blog. Also, if you've got me linked up on your sidebar, I would really appreciate it if you updated that link. Thank you so much!
James Shapiro has debated with pro-ID people before. I have a set of audio cassettes from WAY WAY BACK which contains a debate between Robert Shapiro and Walter Bradley, whose lectures on the evidence for design in nature I have featured before. Although some naturalists like Richard Dawkins run away from debates, some, like Shapiro do not. And that’s good for science.
Pip pip
If you think your wedding has what it takes, send us some pictures! I want them! Send us up to 10 pictures from your wedding.
in the presence of the angels I will sing your praise;
What an inspiration she has been...thank you Astri for sharing your beautiful ripple blanket with us!
Last night I pulled into a driveway to pick some people up heading for the bars. Hot for teacher was playing on the zune when the first guy got in. "Wow!! how appropriate!" he said as he plopped down into the seat behind me.
The Jabra BT530 Blue tooth headset is rated for up to 5.5 hours of talk time and up to 250 hours of standby. It measures 1.9 x 0.7 x 0.5 inches (LxWxH) and weighs just 10 grams. It’s backed by a 1-year limited warranty.
anonymous twisters
I love you because God loves me.
This is what happens when politicians try to pander to the collective bi-polar mind that is the US voter. Voters don’t want bailouts, handouts, or any other kind of something-out, but they don’t want to see a company go under or their financial lives hurt because the government decided not to step in. It is very similar to the voter’s dislike of social welfare programs except for the one social program that they or an immediate family member benefits from.
Over the last year Chad has been infusing alcohol with various different things. Some have been a major stroke of genius and others just a major pain to clean up after (hint: marshmallows and vodka=bad infusion mess). So I suggested getting into the produce and infusing a jalapeño into something (I am really inventive like that when it comes to drinks). Chad the "Master of Cocktail Artistry" managed my favorite all time cocktail. I know I have said that a few drinks along the way were a favorite or made the top 5, but this one beat them ALL out!
Gang aft agley,
So, yesterday Precious and I had what I'm deeming "Honeymoon Day". He went back to work this morning, so we made the most of the one day we had...boy did we have an adventure!
Isaiah 64:1-4
Here are some flower projects from the Design Team:
a home to those she loves.
Here are three video clips that will never NOT be funny. I had a great many writings on Maury on my old Angelfire site, and was able to save many of them after that nutcase and her sycophantic friends had my page deleted. These are some of the paternity stories I included in my popular recap series.
and that’s where we sit
The Lake County Sheriff’s Office received reports of graffiti in Lady Lake consisting of swastikas, the letters “KKK” and racial slurs, according to a news release from the Lake County Sheriff’s Office.
For a little while, the illusion actually works. Then inevitably, at some point, the person you singled out, or made special in your eyes, fails to function as a cover up for your pain, hate, discontent or unhappiness which all have their origin in that sense of insufficiency and incompleteness. Then, out comes the feeling that was covered up, and it gets projected onto the person that had been singled out and made special – who you thought would ultimately “save you.” Suddenly love turns to hate.
I've been seeing all these amazing posts floating around out there of people's top 11 photos of 2011. I was all set to get on board. I loved the idea of looking back and selecting a handful of photos from the year to highlight. However, wanting to do it and actually doing it are two totally different things. I have been gazing - glassy eyed - at my flickr photostream for days now trying to select my top 11. This is HARD! (And clearly, I have wayyyyy to much time on my hands!)
It’s the 3rd ANNUAL
Having said that, I am going to show you an ad. It is actually an ad that I have been designed about 2 years ago, but have been building on year to year. It was recently printed in a program for a benefit I attended last night supporting Angels of Hope. I donate my time and talent to their families and allow the foundation to use my images to promote the awesome work they do with these families.
Parents – Tim and Deb Grieves, Don and Pat Daufeldt
Sweet Emotion
Your saving health among all nations.
After being fired from Countdown last week, Keith Olbermann said his former bosses at Current TV are “no more than dilettantes portraying entertainment industry executives.
I don’t usually like narrators who provide commentary — I figure, give us the story, and let us make up our own minds. In the case of Dead Kid, however, the narrator’s personality is as much a character as October and the dead kids, and I love his snappy asides and geeky references. From page 6: “But even if her classmates didn’t know, October was sure they could smell the tween on her — the stench of Sour Keys and Saturday morning cartoons.” Not sure if it was the phrase “smell the tween on her” or the stench of Saturday morning cartoons, but with that line, I was hooked.
So, in the end, this had very little to do with human rights and everything to do with an Islamist group fighting for power against an Islamic state. However, as is probably clear by now, Masari required the language of human rights, with a few quotes from Shakespeare thrown in, in order to hoodwink the West with some masterful taqiyya. And the West was required because any help was useful in his organisation’s fight against the Saudi state.
In between sharing laughs, stories, wine, food, and wonderful felt with other feltmakers, I was working my hands/arms/legs to the bone working to make a rug that was felted hard enough to pass inspection by Rod and Karoliina. Whenever I asked Karoliina if I was done with each step in the fulling process she would say "Little bit more". I am not a very patient person so this was a difficult thing for me. That and using so much wool for one project. $150 dollars worth of Finn wool! Look at this pile.
When my first box arrived I was very excited, and thoroughly enjoyed all the things in it! Although I think it only lasted about two days. Whoops! My favourite was definitely the barbeque pistachios, which I didn’t expect to enjoy! I think my first box was my favourite box so far.
Often, because the research goals are long-term rather than immediate, they get the short end of the stick.
Men and women that play poker at land based casinos are inclined to go to the closest casino to their home. For quite a few land based players it would be a great inconvenience to play poker some exactly where else. Even so, this is not legitimate for online casinos where it is extremely uncomplicated to go from a single site to an additional. Mainly because of this you will obtain that on-line casinos are significantly much more aggressive when it arrives to player rewards, these kinds of as rakeback. Quite a few on line poker web sites offer you their gamers a reward that gets them a percentage of the dollars that they pay out in rake back again at the conclude of the month. The real percentage of rakeback that you get usually differs primarily based upon a selection of components that revolve around how a great deal poker you play at the web page every last month.
Give It Up – Lee Dorsey
“Each of these penalties could be applied to both Sanchez and the employer, who the county attorney claims is the Harris County Commissioner's Court,” the motion said.
I bought The Sweet Scent of Blood based on two things: an intriguing blurb on the back of the book and an endorsement from Charlaine Harris, whose Sookie Stackhouse books I adore. (Haven’t tried her non-Sookie stuff yet.) I’m happy to report that it’s a thoroughly enjoyable read.
You see, my love of Trek and my love of men has often collided. Star Trek series have wonderful actors, but sometimes they don’t hire the hottest of hotties to play the male roles. You know why? Because Star Trek’s main demographic is straight men who have never seen a woman naked and still dream of owning their own Orion Slave Girl. Instead, Star Trek goes for hot ladies.
As a note the gear sheet has been updated. I just forgot to post an tell everyone. I am also working on a Holy Priest version of this.
The ordered piles of stone laid a long time ago vanish
Stiffed leg dead lift with weight toss 20 Reps
We need a nap now. We've been up since four thirty - the only time it is pleasant to be outside, having a cup of coffee in the varandah, without melting away with the heat.
Today was that day. April 10th 2012 would be the day I considered myself a mature adult. I wish my grandmother and mother were alive for me to share this trivial moment with them.
Hopefully you'll get a kick out of it:
At night Lord Key met alone with his cousin Araxo to play some chess and to talk of their venture should the captain not be able to return from Sasserine. Obviously Count Tydan had put alot of money and faith in Rennaud only to find out it was a personal quest. Lord Key was torn between cutting their losses and turning back for Port Torvin or dealing with the Crimson Fleet for the sage themselves. Araxo mulled this over and other ways to be rid of his meddling cousin, but knew they were at the mercy of Captain Cassidy until then. The peaceful interlud was interrupted however as the ship shook violently and the crew cried alarm. Rushing to the deck they all saw the massively thick coils drawing around the vessel. Off the port side a serpentine head crested in black, rose from the depths to bare its fangs at the hapless defenders. Cuahto had heard of this beast only in tales, the dread sea serpent of the Amedio coast: Black Fin.
Our superior service is accomplished by using latest and most effective technologies/procedures available to the podiatric profession. From the minute you place a call to us or walk through our door, you will see that we are a first-class health care facility. From our friendly, knowledgeable staff, to our paperless medical records, to our fully stocked shoe/medical products store you will know that you have chosen the right place for your lower extremity needs!
It's paralyzing, and agonizing that these people, who aren't worth my time, have gotten so far under my skin.
Then on the sand we heard a brass band
I sat in my room dreading the future. This boy had a younger bother and an older sister. I had always been close with younger brother and was never knew the older brother that well. That was one problem with the mourning, I didn’t know how to mourn without pretending that I liked this person, because we weren’t close at all. I dreaded the future because my sister was extremely close with him and had even liked him romantically off and on. I didn’t know how she was going to be okay, what was going to happen to her. The only time I ever cried besides the funeral was when I thought of the younger brother. I cried because he was alone now and he was never going to be okay. He could try to be happy, but his brother was always going to be dead and he was always going to be different.
It really sounds a little wrong
Any thoughts? Is there some sort of model that would make this ministry beneficial to the church that would take the financial issue off the table or even maybe make my ministry fiscally beneficial to both me and the host congregation?
Sometimes you find the most interesting things in the oddest places. For example, I was perusing Time Out New York at work today (because I was bored) when I saw an ad for The Lincoln Center Festival. What really caught my eye was the title Emilie. For some reason, I just assumed that it had to be about one of my favorite Scandalous Women, Emilie du Chatelet. And I was right.
Melinda gave us a cookbook of the recipes from that day. Our favorites are easy to spot by the condition of the cookbook pages. This one looks like a Jackson Pollock painting, covered with soy sauce splatters and sesame oil splotches. Taste, and be amazed.
The book is meant for anyone – idiots or geniuses, raw foodists or cheeseburger mongers alike – looking to eat better, feel better and look better. I think everyone can relate to that, oui ?
Me: if you don’t tell me I can’t help you can I
Second son of Jacob and Bilhah, Rachel's handmaid, and younger full brother of Dan. According to Gen. xxx. 8, the name means "my wrestling," and has reference to the jealous rivalry of the sisters Rachel and Leah. In the Blessing of Jacob the passage which concerns Naphtali has reference to the qualities of the tribe, rather than to those of the individual. "Naphtali is a hind let loose: he giveth goodly words"; i.e., "He is alert, nimble, free-spirited, and has poetical or oratorical gifts" (Driver, Commentary on Genesis, ad loc.).Naphtali was a swift runner and came first to Jacob with the good news that Joseph was alive.
Second, the sending party has to encode the message in such a way as the receiver will be able to decode it. If you speak to me in Gaelic, then even if I get your transmission perfectly, I still won’t have a clue as to what you’re talking about. I can’t decode Gaelic.
Just by chance, both the Moon and the Sun span about half a degree on the sky, so they have to be lined up just right for a total solar eclipse to occur, and it's only visible at just the right location on Earth. This wasn't always the case - in Earth's past, the Moon used to be quite a bit closer to us, meaning it appeared quite a bit larger in our sky.
Workbox/File 10:Gift of Music, read chapter 2, 25 minutes
I read an article today that a friend shared with me about people being bullied and intimidated when they go to relinquish their citizenship and about someone who was denied his request to give up his citizenship (the article doesn’t state the reason for that).
In a society where the best bargain is the best deal, the integrity of a product is under challenge. Piracy in the Philippines is rife, and their favorite targets include software, videogames and music CDs.
And Simon Peter was standing and warming himself. They said therefore to him: Are you not also one of his disciples? He denied it and said: I am not. One of the servants of the high priest (a kinsman to him whose ear Peter cut off) said to him: Did not I see you in the garden with him? Again therefore Peter denied: and immediately the cock crew.
“Never before in history has a large community like this been savaged by bombs and missiles and then been deprived of the means to repair itself,” he said.
As you know, I am well acquainted with a Famous “Dead” Person, and so for me this question is of crucial interest. My very first post on this blog, “Developing Discernment,” had to do with a friend who stopped speaking with me because she believed I was involved with an evil spirit. She believed this because– get this– a healer she knew, someone who had never met me or my deceased friend, and knew absolutely nothing about my work or his, told her so. She said that Fryderyk was sucking energy from me and that this was making me sick and causing me to make my patients sick as well. I feel sick right now while writing this; it was a terrible attack, and it did me a great deal of harm. My ex-friend was very ill herself with a disorder that affected her cognitively, and everyone around me said, “It’s got to be her illness.” I was repeatedly assured, by people who were in a position to know, that there was no way any of it could be true. Nevertheless, for many months I couldn’t shake off the awful creepiness of having someone believe such things about me. That in itself, that intention to undermine and harm someone “for their own good,” might be termed an evil entity, I’d say.
A Card that Comes to Light
Tabby Tabard Pattern from Tabards, designs by Carole Rutter, Leisure Arts, Leaflet 94, 1977
Another professional hint for you: What if your meter is flaked out and you want to shoot a photo in bright sunlight? What can you shoot at and be assured of a decent shot? Follow what is called the f/16 Rule — in bright sunlight, shoot at f/16 at the shutter speed closest to the ISO value of your film or sensor. For example, on my Nikon D100, I always have it set to ISO 200. So I could shoot f/16 at 1/250″ and get an acceptable image. In slightly hazy or lightly cloudy situations, drop to f/11 and heavier cloud drops to f/8. Knowing what you now know about the relationship of f/stop to shutter speed, you can easily convert these values to other aperture/shutter speed combinations, right? For example, using my Nikon D100, I could just as easily shoot at f/8 using a shutter speed of 1/1000″, right?
Virgins themselves at arranging this kind of festival, I have to say that the festival is better than feared. There is no reason for seasoned Ratebeerians to make their pilgrimage to the Øl & Mat festival in Oslo, but for those of us who live here, it does add some flavour to a city that only has one (or possibly two) beer bars of real class.
Umbrella by Taro Yashima IS my favorite, favorite, favorite picture book. I can't remember a time when I didn't love and adore this one.
3. Tires, painted or otherwise: Skip it, dude.
I bought the chair for 12.00 at a thrift shop.
Delicious Destinations- the establishments that keep us coming back for more; think Coolest Coffee Shop or Most Intriguing Cocktail Bar The nominees were chosen by a panel of culinary celebs, but it's now up to the real experts out there - namely, you - to choose the winners! Vote for your faves once per day (even recast your whole ballot with just a click!) at Tablespoon.com/themunchies now through April 30th. Encourage your readers, friends and family to do the same, and don't forget to check back in May to see who the winners are!
For example, here’s how a hypothetical argument with them would go :
If you suffer from FOMO, you would notice that; you are often stressed as the recurrent temptation to say “yes” comes with yet another task or project to your task list. The stress comes from too many activities in your life and this increases the likelihood for procrastination. This is because you cannot keep up with your schedule as you have said too many yes and you start finding excuses for not doing something you promised.
The main course will be slices of pan-fried honey glazed Perigord duck from the same French supplier at the Christmas market where I always buy my Christmas magrets; indeed, it was his duck that I served for that fateful Christmas lunch five years ago when I invited a poor unfortunate to join me; as he is still here, I can only blame the duck. Did you know that a "magret" is a breast of a duck that is raised for the purpose of producing foie gras?
www.myspace.com/sacredheartshakes
meanwhile, on the other side of the coin, by 'following' people, and tweeting at them, i have managed to get them to follow me back. this includes over 200 important media reps. so now, if i have something important to say, people will likely hear it faster!
Some Notable Components in this Disparity
I didn’t quite know what was happening in front of me. I certainly didn’t know the story behind it. But I knew for certain that this was a moment of great poignancy, a moment that I was privileged to be witnessing.
Our tour dropped us off at a Jewelry Factory. Yes...we went in knowing it's a tourist trap and yes, the prices are probably going to be much much higher then elsewhere...but we were already there. The best you can do is not buy anything....right? Right....just go in take a look and not buy anything. So much for that! The pendant you see above, modeled by yours truly originally cost $1600. It's a luck Feng Shui pendent, it's a fan with a diamond in the middle. The blades of the fan represent good health, peace, happiness, and fortune. The fan spins with movement (from walking) and makes a sound like a money counting machine. All of this is supposed to bring good luck to the wearer.... How cool is that!?!? But for how much? My mom got a smaller one, the price for that was supposed to be $250. I told them $888 (luck number lol) for both..... and after about an hour of haggling they finally sold it for my asking price...more then half of their original price.... I'm positive the still made a profit...or else why would they sell it? Although, I'm a pastry chef...I know I over paid....seriously, the diamond is in the middle is so small you can hardly see it, and there's not much gold/platinum in it...but hey! You only live once, and it's not like I go to Hong Kong everyday....at least that's what I telling myself.
EVENING MEAL
The pitching staff is looking great. Hamels and Moore each notched QSs for me, while Capps and Betancourt each had a save. I would like to do a twofer to free up a spot to stream an additional pitcher, since guys like Matt Harrison, Brandon Morrow and Ivan Nova are available. I’m not going to do anything rash at this point to merely open a bench spot.
Amidst the humidity, take a moment to slow down and appreciate nature. Hear the calls of the birds and the whisper of the forest canopy. Talking of canopy, you can now appreciate tree top views by walking on the tree-top bridge. While I was walking there, a hummingbird flew and stopped at a fruit tree. A few moments later, another hummingbird flew by. Really wish I brought along the telephoto lens. A close-up would have been sweet precious memories. Moments like this only came by once in a while.
Predicting the timing of the blooms always involves a bit of watch and wait, but they normally come out in the first week of April and peak in the second or third. This year, however, the flowers are all coming in early and so if you hope to see them, you should make plans to go immediately!
The words have all been writ by one before me
However, much to the dismay of the silent and shocked crowd, a quick recovery was made.
Recipe Time!! Here is our favorite apple crisp. A super easy recipe to make on Sunday afternoon in the fall. And a little bird lampwork bead to watch you cook. ;-) click on him to get to the Etsy listing.
In closing we talk of life’s path, and conclude on one unanimous finding, “We will always be evolving and there is much to learn.”“If I could do it all again, I would study neuroscience. There is so much going on in that field, and it would be exciting to be part of it. What is fascinating is how study of the brain is linking to the treatment of trauma.”Dez, I know you will do all that you dream to do.
Command as we have
Peterson also co-founded the Concord Coalition with Warren Rudman, who
5. Season with plenty of salt and pepper.
"They only spoke to my wife. No one has been to ask me any questions," he said.
The ego is a tricky and hungry thing that has power only when we feed it. But sometimes – even often - we are unaware we are doing so. Just as a chameleon can change colour to blend with its surrounding, so too our ego can shift and fool us to suit our desires. We may think we are evolving when in fact we are unconsciously justifying our self-serving ego.
Good Morning:)
All over the world people look at dolphins with amazement, wonder and respect. Scientists who have studied dolphins and their behavior have suggested that they are “nonhuman people”, because of their complex intelligence and the fact that they are most likely the second most intelligent creature on the earth, after humans.
“Well Sir at this time we have no plan. Ensign Marute and I were told to assist you if you had any questions” Tobias stated quite nervously.
Today I used my trading screen instead of the normally great charts at stockcharts.com. We want to show you what we have on our screen during the day as we watch the price ticker move. At the top of the graphic in white oval you will see three horizontal lines that represent price resistance points. The lower of the three is the late July 2011 high, right before the approximate 20% correction in early August, 2011. The next line up is the early July 2011 high. The top line is the early May 2011 high, which was the price high for 2011. The three price highs are close enough that we can consider them as one larger resistance area. So far, we have failed this week to push up through these prices.
I can feel:
I'd never seen an issue of Just Cards before--
Well, let me try to explain my stance and how I see things, which in itself is debatable and not “THE” way of seeing things… (insert diabolical laugh here)
Joan As Policewoman- Kiss The Specifics
This was Shaw’s first game back. Rozsival didn’t see Shaw coming. Shaw could’ve launched himself into Rozsival’s head the way Torres had into Hossa’s. But he didn’t. He hit Rozsival solidly in the chest with his shoulder. The puck went loose. Maybe Shaw let up because he had still in his mind his three-game suspension. Maybe Shaw realized it was his job to create a scoring chance, not to maim.
Camels
Some Examples:
I had a garden learning moment this evening. I learned from Google that rutabaga leaves are edible. But then those purple-topped vegetables in the garden I'd been told were rutabagas turned out to be turnips. They had none of the earthy sweetness I love in rutabagas, just that unpleasant hot taste. Oh well, good thing there will be plenty else to eat, because these are all for Joseph. I'm still working on cleaning out the freezer from last year's harvest, so okra and patty pan squash are on the menu. There are also little potatoes, from last year's harvest. We tried something new with our potatoes that Joseph remembers his grandfather doing. We stored them on the ground in the woods, with lots of pine straw over them, a sprinkling of lime to keep insects at bay, and topped with tin. They lasted wonderfully well for months this way. Around February, the quality started deteriorating, but lo and behold, they began making potatoes. Free food, with no added work. What's not to like?
Another significant manifestation of God for many is Jesus who they believe was indeed truly God in human form. Throughout the last two millennia, millions of people have lived and died in the firm belief that this is so. The problem, from the scientific point of view, is that there is no empirical way to determine whether or not Jesus was God’s son in a way that other humans are not. Again, there are many scientists who are committed Christians. But there are no scientists who can say that they believe in Christ because they have proved this to themselves through an application of the scientific method.
This could not be good. I rushed to the front door to find out what all of the hub-ub was about. What I saw was reminiscent of this;
I want to be on your right or your left side, not in terms of some political kingdom or ambition.
Happy playing!
Christ's peace is a real gift. I may not be sure what my next move has to be. How do I work with engaged couples? How do I teach eighth grade morality in a sensitive and faithful way? How do I write a homily that is of the Lord and not Fr. Wordspinner? One thing I know is that Christ has ascended to the Father, and a good bit of my heart is resting peacefully with Him.
I'm flying to Las Vegas early Saturday morning. Lots of guys go there to visit strip clubs and chase young tail. Some guys drink themselves into a blind stupor. Some queue up at the buffet and stuff themselves like horses at a bottomless trough. Some twist towels and jam them into the bottom of hotel doors, fire up a bong and smoke themselves into an anesthetized oblivion. Some mix a toxic cocktail using all of the above. Those are not my vices. The only real danger I pose to myself is when I'm bellied-up to a craps table. I like shooting craps. A lot. Can I maintain my composure? Well, that's the name of the game, isn't it?
It wasn’t that long ago that I was eating left-over wedding cupcakes every morning. We ordered too many mini cupcakes for my daughter’s wedding, and there were at least ten dozen left. I forced a lot of them on people as they left the reception. (I’m sorry!) But I took home at least three dozen. The cupcakes were so rich — and so good. I couldn’t let them go to waste. (So I let them go to my waist.) I knew they weren’t a healthy choice, but hey, a calorie is a calorie, I thought. I could exchange a bowl of cereal for a cupcake. No harm, no foul.
So, there are my picks for the five best portrayals of Abraham Lincoln on film as of right now. When Spielberg’s film and “To Appomattox” hit the airwaves, this list might change a bit. But, I welcome others to share their opinions on Lincoln portrayals.
-the boys were extra excited this morning as they both logged onto Minecraft and found that it had been updated with new stuff. Happy sounds were heard throughout the house:)
7.Bernie Ecclestone (1930-) - grasped the opportunity when he saw it. From selling cars to F1 supremo. The window of opportunity is presented to so many of us but how many grab it when it appears? It often only lasts for a short time. His vision and leadership is an inspiration to us all.
An unidentified metal object that may have come from a spacecraft caused a huge commotion when it fell to the Earth in a small town in northern Brazil.
5. Drugs
"If a caveman had read poetry like this, he'd have strangled himself to prevent the eventual development of language."
"No, you should still apply."
John: Welcome to Twenty Four Frames, Chrystopher. Can you tell us a little about yourself professionally, your back ground?
looking over my shoulder with rose-colored glasses and frowns
But first let me explain what these Urban Legends of Dumb Workers are all about. They are the stories you hear every so often that happened to someone than later another person had the exact same experience, and your all like “Oh My God! What a coincidence!!” until you hear it for a third, and fourth and the legend continues as you find yourself travelling from jobsite to jobsite. Unsure how to react the next time you hear it, I try to fight the urge to simply finish the line for them, and explain that “It happened to nine other people I’ve met, I just wonder did you all goto the same place?”
Phreak: More than alright… Feeling better than ever.
This week's recipe for the Tuesdays With Dorie baking group is called Tropical Crumble. The recipe's creator, the inimitable Dorie Greenspan, says, "think of this in the dead of winter, when a taste of the tropics can be as warming as a cashmere throw." For Gaye of Laws of the Kitchen who chose this crumble, this was indeed a taste of the tropics during the wintertime - she's in Australia where the seasons are the opposite of what I'm experiencing here in the US.
At the front and the back of the house I could hardly see beyond our garden. The rain was like a sheet of water. It reminded me of when I lived in the tropics in New Guinea. Today it hasn't stopped all day. We are lucky we live on the side of a hill and we don't get flooded like many other places around town.
Curmudgeon jumped in with, delay that. Hobbled in with:
Excellent lifeCompact of the battery and the origin of the lightFast-upGood megapixel countNot a lot of manual configuration of the controlsCould may be better to appeal to the few, the light of the low fitness fuzzy pictures
I am the Duke of temporary relationships – I only seem to fall for the girls that leave sooner than expected. The fact that they are already gone is probably why I fall for them. Their presence in my life is fleeting, and they buzz like flies through perforations in Swiss Cheese. The dairy is poisoned. I’m not just addicted to any love. I’m hooked on tragedy. I’m hooked on the idea of love, not the love of the girl.
Footsteps shuffled on the stair.
Whatever your political stripes, I encourage you to think differently about the concept of first lady. Whenever you see the would-be first ladies on TV this campaign season—Cindy McCain and Michelle Obama—I encourage you to look at both of these women as individuals, as women who are already first ladies to their husbands. I encourage you to remember they are first ladies of God’s heart, too.
I am burnt out.
I’ve herd that bull, it isn’t so rare
Not everybody gets it in the military yet. You want to change that perception from the bottom up. (Everybody is part of it). It’s a leadership culture – it’s a leadership organization, as opposed to a leadership structure that just comes top down. That’s the philosophy and the way we’ve got to approach leadership in successful organizations today.
If you enlarge this picture you can see where different things are located.
This is a slow, gentle and relaxing low-impact exercise performed holding a light four-foot pole – gripping it at the ends – to create a symbolic pyramid in exactly the same way as Jiangan (the Chinese Wand Exercises).
4 immense
‘They said they had tried to adopt me but couldn’t because I was mixed race. They were then forbidden to send cards or presents to me, and had no right to contact me. I felt relieved and sad that they had missed me as much as I had missed them.’
In your mixer with the paddle attachment, beat the cream cheese until smooth and lump free. Add the sugar and mix, scraping down the sides of the bowl as needed.
Rafael presented
You never know
Their lives include things like health and wellness.
So, all in all, I think I made the right decision! In fact, I couldn’t be more excited! Etopia is already setting me up to do publicity interviews, as well as getting me started on edits. And you already know I’ve been working on the art and marketing forms. I think I’ve got my short blurb just about done. Now it’s on to the long blurb!
Mix the first 3 ingredients. Take a small portion, just enough to wrap around a Rolo candy. Shape into a ball. Bake at 350 degrees on greased cookie sheet for approximately 7-9 minutes. Dust with powdered sugar (optional).
Pretty much death. However…
Stocking up in Waitrose in Abingdon, who should we spot in the chilled desserts aisle, kids in tow, but Jonny Greenwood? We really must stop meeting unexpectedly, Jonny...
“Respect for life” must be upheld at two levels: respect for each individual human life and respect for human life in general. The latter requirement is the reason that the consent of an individual to being euthanized is not sufficient to avoid damaging the value of respect for life. Authorizing doctors to kill their patients necessarily contravenes respect for human life in general. Legalizing euthanasia involves crossing the line established by the fundamental rule that we must not intentionally kill one another. In short, it would unavoidably harm the value of respect for life, which means that legalizing euthanasia involves a radical change in our society’s values.
And I have even more questions:
Pay attention! If you are ready about building Any kind of Home based business in the 21st century, while making use of pposite power of the Internet, then you completely need to understand Two Crucial Components. These 2 KEY elements are comprehensive in a brief video clip through Greg McMahon, the 5+ 12 months Home Based Business Opportunity Innovator as well as Top guild wars 2 gold Earner. You could possibly get immediate access to this educational video clip by clicking the link provided below. If necessary, Copy&Patse buy guild wars 2 gold the whole Web address connect to your internet browser, hit key in, and watch as well as discover as Greg McMahon particulars the two KEY Elements that can do or die your new Online business.
There is a great deal going on in this reading:
Brooklyn Black Chocolate Stout – NY – 10.6% ABV
This giveaway is a classic ‘His & Hers’ double header, boys against the girls, but don’t worry, there are two winners! So, boys and girls, just what have we got for you? Well, for His Pocket we have a Pentel Sharp Kerry P1035 0.5mm mechanical pencil in boyish blue, and for Her Purse, an Ohto Tasche SP-10T 0.5mm mechanical pencil in feminine pink. Yeah well I like my stereotypes even if it’s not particularly PC these days. Anyway, both of these pencils are class acts and they are both capped pencils for the ultimate in pocket and purse safety. Two pencils = two winners! One Him and one Her.
Poverty is a palace so pitiable yet plum,
Every summer for over thirty years Doyle has sat on the sidewalk on Boston Road painting pictures. Everyone in Springfield is saying that it doesn't seem like summer this year without seeing Doyle on the sidewalk, with his big umbrella and all those contraptions for listening to taped books, music and of course Rush Limbaugh. His pipe and a frosty cocktail were also usually by his side. Artists don't have to work like the average person does, which is why all the smartest people are artists.
If you’d like to hear why I love these guys so much click on each name above for direct links to their official sites. In addition, you can visit these links to listen to samples of their music on amazon.com.
QuicKutz Doily Heart
Dentist.
I am finding the book quite absorbing, although, since it was written in 1980, the feminist and political views expressed by the characters seem rather dated, in the light of hindsight. I expect they were considered quite unusual at the time. Later: I am afraid that as the book progressed I began to lose interest in the main character’s increasingly peculiar life, friends and acquaintances. I finished the book with difficulty and was very disappointed in it as Margaret Drabble has written some excellent novels and is usually one of my favourite authors. I fear this book is not in the same class as others she has written – or perhaps I lacked the intellect to enjoy it.
Alone
The message I want readers to grab is it does not matter how hard or bad your life once was you can overcome it and be the person that God wants you to be.
Shirt, Cargo Pants: Old Navy
I know that I'm babbling on and on and that most people couldn't care less about my new hobby. But, I'm enjoying this whole thing so much, that I'm just bursting with it.
"Pins?"
and never the moment, the present moment that gets shorter
After really pondering this and praying about how God could use me to make a change, the first thing that came to me was a for sure ah-ha moment. I know so many of you joined me in the 30 Days of Praying for Your Husband month so I thought why not spend a month on the blog focusing on praying for unreached people groups! As I began to search around the IMB website for a specific people group I could lift up in prayer, I even found a 30-Day Prayer Guide for Unreached People. Coincidence? I think not!
then multiplying vectors would be obvious. But that is not how you multiply vectors. The dot and cross products combine vectors in certain ways with a specific purpose in mind, which is generally referred to as multiplying vectors.
Did you hear that? $200,000 a year is middle class! Good thing we've got a party to fight for the vulnerable people in that income bracket!
As for the speech itself, the New York Times summed it up nicely in their morning headline: Obama, Vague on Issues, Pleases Crowd in Europe. The thing I had to keep remembering as the blurry phrases piled up around the wall metaphor he'd set up at the start (the Wall and the Berlin Airlift were the two leitmotifs) was that this was a speech for Americans, not the Germans who'd taken off from work early on a nice Thursday afternoon to hear him.
They controlled possession, they had Madrid running circles trying to keep up with them. Players moved fluidly where they saw openings, with the central midfielder Xavi notching the match’s first goal on a run into the six yard box in front of the goal and with the attacker Messi assisting on the matches fourth goal with a pass from near midfield. Even the staunchly pro-Madrid Marca newspaper hailed Barca as the world’s greatest side.
My friend Amber was the first guest/co-host way way back.
Subscribers:
I strongly need to broaden my knowledge.
Welcome to the fourth edition of The Pulse -- The State of the Art -- a survey in words and pictures of the online artist community. Nearly 150 artists have answered a list of questions which make up The Pulse. Their responses will be presented as a series of online and print projects. Links to the first three projects (Secret Sunday, The Book Guild, and StudioScapes) can be found on the sidebar of my blog.
Perhaps it's a feature you could consider adding. People would probably pay a little extra for that kind of thing.
I do this every year.
Lie.
mobile policemen from the mobile
The lead single “Feel That Fire” was just released to country radio and with plans to take a break from the road this Fall, Bentley will be fired up to introduce other brand new music to fans on the 2009 Paisley Party Tour.
Dress (Smoking Lily "Emma" dress), jacket (Ann Taylor Loft), shoes (Hale Bob), cuff (Guess, thrifted), necklace (Ravens Rest Studio).
April ended with me in this state, my future looked bleak. I was homeless, signed-off work, in a horrendous BPD crisis and alone. Was there any way out of this mess?
I pulled off the lid
*Increase metabolism – rev your internal engine
of men who walked, lives lived
definition 4. This one is pretty much irrelevant, since the kind of place you might find exotic dancers would be in the nearest city – which for me would be a French city called Bordeaux and, like all French cities, this one is terribly intimidating. On the same note, I will mention that it is not unusual for the French female to tan her chest freely on our summer beaches, just as the males do – and so these beaches could certainly be considered “exotic” in this context, but I don’t live on the beach.
To Omnipotent
IP = Internet Printable Coupon
But this self-portrait is not an act, it’s me, how I felt on the day.
Capt. William F. Burke, 46, New York, N.Y.
My dad hauled his camper to a spot on the Guadalupe and we thoroughly enjoyed 3 VERY relaxed days on the river. We even ventured over to Schlitterbahn one day.
On the eye – Light amber with a deep, ghostly tinge of rust.
"Surprise?"
The fans saying the Cintron faked are senseless to me. As you all know, I'm not a big Cintron fan. But I have a ton of respect for Cintron. He's made a living fighting avoided fighters. Nobody would fight Margarito, Martinez, and Paul Williams and Cintron stepped up and fought all three of them, Margarito twice. And when Mayweather had made the comments about the UFC, and Drama Queen Dana White came out and suggested that if Mayweather feels that way, he should fight Sean Sherk. At that point Cintron stepped up and volunteered to fight Sean Sherk. This was big to me, because it shows how dedicated he is to the sport of boxing and how fearless he is when he steps in the ring (or cage, whatever the situation would have been.). Its funny because I'm a Paul Williams fan, and I'm usually very critical of him (as I am Andre Berto) and I'm not a big Cintron fan but I'm not very critical of him, I give him all the credit he deserves.
BLURGGGGGGGGGGGHHHHHHHH!!!!!
Four years now this sodding school has been a constant source of angst, irritation and outright fury thanks to their sloppy, small minded, unprofessional mindset that places greater importance on the retention of state jobs over the education of children
SPV in September.
Tomatoes are in the nursery already and I love Early Girl!
*If you're new to this subject then you'll find a variety of posts on it by putting #less365 in the search box at the top
Abide in love to be
Sorry, took a pic off the computer screen! I sent them out as soon as I got my paws on them and totally forgot to take a picture! So unlike me :)
Anger and disappointment had been whittled away in those weeks of rehearsals. I had a focus. I was an actor. I got to kiss Chris Sloan, who was actually a pretty good kisser. Life suddenly became…lovely. I stepped outside my comfort zone and found a voice I'd always known was there.
But first I honoured those who had done the reading and gave them a bit of a chance to feed back, which they did.
The Five-Year Engagement (2012) really walked the line between the silly (like The Office) and the sincere (like The Break-Up (2006)). That’s not a typical formula for success, and I wouldn’t recommend it to anyone, but it didn’t ruin the movie. I think it’s because nobody was wholly serious at any one time. If they did have one of those dark, honest moments devoid of any levity that it would have cracked the universe apart.
Evelyn: I listen to my Bible on CD while I’m in the car.
I can’t really compare my German school to the school that I went to in NJ, because I wasn’t aware of being gay then and definitely not aware of whether or not LGBTQ teens were discriminated against. I’m assuming that my school in the States had a GSA (Gay-Straight Alliance), because from what I’ve heard that’s pretty normal, standard stuff in the states by now. (EDIT: I asked an old classmate of mine and he said that yes, we did although there were only about two out gay people at our school that he knows of.) The phrase, “That’s so gay,” may be a very common thing, but as a norm it seems like people are at least trying to fight against discrimination.
Voting for the first time, however, was a empowering yet awkward experience. For ten minutes I walked aimlessly around a park next to the Federal Building on Wilshire trying to find the damn polling place. When I found it, I learned how much of a noob I was at the whole being politically active thing. The ladies at the recreation center were nice and directed and redirected me to all the places I needed to go, and when I finally had a blank ballot in my hand and a booth to myself, I did my thing and voted.
WELCOME to our new home! It does not look like much today, but just you wait! When we first took over this space it had a mix of old carpeting and dark green tile...no, no, no, that will just not do! This building is older and has seen just a few make-overs making the floor a map of hills and valleys, so flooring options have proven to be our first dilemma.
My little girl looked up at her coolly and said, "Oh, you mean friction."
I was not happy about the Sofia Vergara Esquire cover. Then, when I read the interview, I was less happy.
So if you have your kid vaccinated and notice that the area around the injection site is super duper red and fevered and angry.... Take them to the doctor. Better safe than sepsis.
3.breaker
I'm having a flash sale in my Teachers Pay Teachers store today! One of my freebies was featured in the TPT newsletter, so I want to celebrate! EVERYTHING in my store is 20% off FOR TODAY ONLY!!!
I'm trying not to focus on the number and just be thankful for another year of wisdom and life with my loved ones.
If you don't know about the macaque story, it began in 2008. I blogged it myself here, and Gorski hammered nails into it here. I took it apart in my post, noting that this was a study looking for a hypothesis. Looks like I wasn't alone in that conclusion, as the original 2008 version appears to have been withdrawn, deconstructed, and reassembled into a 2010 Frankenstein job that is being paraded around as the real "science" all the antivax folk have been seeking.
and get a couple.
Tuesday morning - Same red light, although the light dusting of rain onto the dirt ground and absence of rosy cheeked urchins off to school to get on their computers and post Facebook updates that so and so is a skank, I've decided to place my entire happiness on the ability of my sports team to move a piece of leather around a piece of greenery once owned by Aboriginal elders better than 22wo other randomly assorted strangers who have inverted values to my own team. It might be unromantic to describe an AFL Preliminary final in such terms, but I've just been speaking to my unromantic auntie in Scotland. She lives in a street where a romantic gesture is sending a txt msg that doesn't contain a swear word or an insult, so explaining the beauty of an alien Australian based sport down a phone line isn't going to be easy. I say this because 1ne of my teams elder statesmen is on the cover of the newspaper making 1ne of those old persons determined fists photographers have them make when they are close to death or unlikely to be in a physical condition to pose for an action shot. A woman at work walks past later in the day eating 1ne of the morning muffins so generously provided by corporate pseudo generosity, and says 1ne of those strange glib work phrases people feel obliged to say to pass the time. Something like makes you think. I don't know what makes me think these days, but the posed machinations of an elderly gent probably don't do it for me. I drove past a homeless guy on the way home last night - he was propped up in the rain against an ATM machine, his tattered rags the kind of tattered rags other tattered rag wearers would point to and say damn those rags are tattered, his eyes shut, his silhouette a despairing shadow of venom, despair and cheap wine in a cask. Did that make me think? I don't know - maybe. Maybe for as long as it took for the lights to change. That's the usual pattern of attention for the meandering suburban driver. Attention spans last only as long as 1ne colour of light stays constant, or as long as the patter of the radio isn't too inane or bland to make you press the off button...complex social issues? I can't even work my CD changer...
My past life - I don't know how you feel about it, but you were male in your last earthly incarnation.You were born somewhere in the territory of modern Alaska around the year 1000. Your profession was that of a designer, engineer or craftsman. Your brief psychological profile in your past life:
Is all over me.
"Great things are not done by impulse, but by a series of small things brought together."
What a difference a sad event in someone's life makes.
Who decided this board was the Alpha and Omega of the roads projects in Greenville County? How did this rather shadowy group of politicians get put in charge of millions of dollars, as well as the power to steal a private-business-owner's property? Most local citizens I have talked to, did not realize GPATS was calling the shots instead of the SC Department of Transportation.
However, what is particularly interesting is that what is happening in Palestine today is a sort of role reversal, and if you haven’t been paying attention, you’ve probably missed it altogether. The Arab uprisings across the region are serving Palestinian youth in much the same way solidarity with past Palestinian intifadas served activists and populations in Arab countries.
In the coming of 2012, I vowed not to underprice myself. I’ve always been forward, straightforward, aggressive, resolute in getting what I want. To the point of leaving no self-preservation (well, not really).
In one of the scene, after a fight, Michelle Chia asked Thomas Ong a question. “There are 3 kinds of betrayal. The first type is physical. The second type is emotional. The last type is both. Which type are you?’ Without answering her question, he left the room.
See for yourself what I’m talking about.
I'm going at this coat slightly backwards and starting off with the insulated vest.
Joseph Jenkins, 47, New York, N.Y.
After much thought regarding pizza making some serious changes are in the pipeline. Our setup at present restricts us to shows and the like; of which half this year are worth going back too. And assuming we get a lot more shows to fill the gaps a decent profit will still be a hard thing to turn in order to support the wife and 5 kids.
When I was younger it was not one of my favorite scents. But I must say that I love the scent of this one.
Then came the real test. I figured I’d better make sure he could go straight. We went his favorite way, got to the long side and I sat as still as I could—and he went straight. I clicked him for it. We repeated it a few times without clicks, but with verbal praise. I rested a bit and then decided to just do a few laps. We managed 3 laps of a gorgeous trot—all straight. By then, I was exhausted. (His trot takes a lot of energy to sit.) We went to reviewing backing up (not his favorite exercise regardless of carrots) and then I led him outside in the dark to relax. It was a fun ride for both of us.
So yes my life is on hold right now. I never know what each day will bring, as I try to plan and try to be there for her. I need a break like you wouldn't believe, but I have no one to take over. My kids need fun, need to feel like they are still important and they are, but I know they feel left out right now. I am isolated, most people will never, ever understand what I am going through, which means I have no one to talk to who "gets it". Though I truly hope they never have to experience this either.
Mike brought leadership not seen before. Above all, Mike taught me that a fully focused part-time leader can be more effective than a full-time leader occupied only part of the time.
Dig this far out B-side of the band's only hit, man.
* Go to the movie (We have a drive-in near us, and we are planning to go see Cars 2 there! I've never been to a drive-in--I'm so excited!)
One thing has become clear however, only voters can cure the double-jobbers of their greed, and only voters can make good their broken promises. Register your oppositon to double-jobbing by lending support to those who stand against it.
The pub is 134 years old, so all things considered it is not in bad condition. But as with any new place there are still things to sort out, junk to throw out and new plans to be made. We have had a mass chuck out of old shed junk and of course foodstuffs that were long past their 'best before' date....(mmmmm see what I mean about the benefits of even tempramental chickens?)
Are you planning to see The Avengers, and if so which hero are you most excited to see again on the big screen?
Tanya Yvonne: How did the concept for your book come about?
Simply focusing in on the rate is simply an obvious way of tricking the less informed members of the American public into thinking Buffet is paying less tax.
But, wait, it can get worse. States like Georgia tax all income from Georgia based employers, whether an employee steps foot in the state or not. Say you worked out of your home in Florida (hooray, no state income tax!) fulltime for your Georgia employer. You would be required to pay Georgia tax.
And claimed the effulgent bejeweled crowns from their heads.
So anyway, work was a piece of cake. Except that I kept thinking about Brice. The man’s a sexy beast. Be damned if he doesn’t know it, too. Am I talking about Brice again? I swear, I’m losing my mind.
Season it with oil, Mustard seeds and curry leaves.
A good friend of mine is the awards-entry wrangler at one of the largest shops in town. For years, this shop set the benchmark for creative work not just in L.A., but across the country and around the world. Sadly, for a variety of reasons - not the least of which is who used to oversee the creative and who oversees it now - this shop's glory days are at least 15 years gone. They've lost people, accounts and their reputation as a place where only greatness got out the door.
Walk daily with God at your side!
TWI-hards (fans) are obsessed with Twilight occult contents as Harry Potter fans were bewitched with its Wiccan instructions. Many don’t realize occultism (the craving for hidden "wisdom" knowledge) has spiritual addiction power much like drugs demand a dependency. Fans wear t-shirts displaying the character’s sayings, and one such t-shirt reads, “Forbidden Fruit Tastes the Best.”
Charlie Chaplin in the news recently because M.I.5 failed to determine where the silent film star was born, does it really matter? He himself in his autobiography said 'he was born on 16th April 1889, at eight o'clock at night, in East Lane, Walworth, London but was also a self proclaimed 'citizen of the world' who did not pledge his allegiance to any specific Country or cause. The fact that nobody knows for certain where he was born certainly adds to his mystique.
When the weather is wintry and the house is cold, I do have company when practicing...
I know that better things are on the way.
This is an exercise in seeing a situation from another person’s point of view.
“NOH! NOH! NOH! NOH! NOH!”
Collen
She was immediately taken to the NICU and has been there since. She is breathing on her own, but has needed a little assistance due to her prematurity. She is currently on CPAP which is a little oxygen mask that covers her nose and gives her a little extra oxygen. CPAP also has more pressure to help her lungs open up to their fullest capacity when she takes each breath.
There is a script you can write ingame to play the song, you might have to copy it and then retype the ” signs for it to work.
Should we really pretend it's the wee hours now, when we'll be landing in just 3 hours and it'll be evening already? Shouldn't we accept our night being short and get to work on tomorrow?
These are just some rough thoughts on the first half of the judgment. No doubt others will look at the first half and the second half in much more detail elsewhere.
This is why I’m happy to announce that Laughing Lindsay is going to be hosting a giveaway for a random Alight shirt for the next three months! Yep, that means you get 3 chances to win a cute plus size top! This is the first of the three! I’m also going to be receiving a top myself, so I’ll be posting a review of it when I get it.
Here are some forms of strikes that are often used.
love them back unconditionally,
World Health Organization – PRESS RELEASE N° 208 – May 31, 2011
The OST is superb – this is Yuki Kajiura after all. Also, having Berserker on it is a nice touch. I’ve pretty much been spamming track 01 – Point Zero on my Cowon since the BD box arrived. Ordering from Ami Ami also includes a pack of card protectors with Saber on it. I would rather that I get lesser card sleeves but each with a unique picture of the characters, I mean hey, the whole BD Box set did cost a whooping $400+.
By 11:30 my wrists were on fire and I was 10 pages away from completing the goal. Again, a few less Twitter updates (#SFLMP – translation, Script Frenzy Last Minute Push) and that number might have been smaller. I was quite proud and had I stopped there it would have been an impressive feat. But I didn’t stop there. Thirty-minutes left to be declared a Script Frenzy winner (no, there isn’t an actual prize for that accomplishment).
As always I am having fun at my own expense, existing purely for my own pleasure and will continue to bring you entertainment in any form that I can =)
A wider question that this sort of appeal raises is has the funding of an institution and a building become too expensive? Are there different, less expensive, models of delivering good quality theological education in Ireland? Is a change of model desirable and possible? How can IBI remain ‘light on its feet’ in future? These are big questions facing many theological colleges and the answers are complex.
when making choices? I’m not the best
SECRETARY HILLARY RODHAM CLINTON
I recently saw this debate between Shashi Tharoor and Christopher HItchens about the Freedoms of Speech. It was an interesting watch and I recommend the reader take out an hour to view it.
and His force.
And just in case you think that guzzling down coffee to help keep you awake throughout the night is a good idea, do note that just like everything else in life, too much of a good thing can have detrimental effects on you. Specifically, overdoing coffee can lead to an increase in your blood pressure and irregular heartbeats. Sadly, it is also clinically possible to become addicted to coffee, so do drink wisely. On the bright side though, most health care experts agree that coffee has more benefits than drawbacks.
If you have any questions about this story…you are a batshit, paranoid, tinfoil, dog-abusing baby-hater and will be reviled by everyone. If you love your country and/or freedom, happiness, rainbows, rock and roll, puppy dogs, apple pie and your grandma, you will never ever express doubts about any part of this story to anyone. Ever.
"Flamenco is life...it is like an injection of morale that lifts the spirit, so that one can go on living."
where ever you choose to get it. I got mine at
I learned this the hard way last summer and anxiety has been growing, along with my leg hairs over the last seven months. (Don't ask how I never figured it out before, this is just one among a plethora of chronicles detailing my culturally-defective retardacity.)
12 drummers drumming,
Only God could do that. Only God would do that.
Since 1988, when the United Nations created the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC), the vast global warming hoax existed for two purposes, the enrich those involved and to impose a one world government. The effort required mobilizing the leaders of nations to spread the word that the planet was dramatically warming and that carbon dioxide was the cause.
"Man, I HATE it when you're right!"
After mentioning Sarah Palin, “What’s the difference between a hockey mom and a pitbull? A pitbull is delicious … little soy sauce …”
The Straight Story (Mary Sweeney and John Roach)
Wednesday 14th December 1-1.45
Those are some of the people from that era when it was called the NWA and WWF and the wrestling that seems to travel all across the country has implemented more violence …….cage violence – major cussing – but the video games are WAY WORSE! My son always ask for me to take him whenever the wrestling matches come to town and I have been VERY hesitant!
The Taliban said the attack was a response to President Barack Obama’s surprise visit just hours earlier.
Blogging Off!! xxxxx
My next auction didn't fair so well....but that's how the auction business goes. My next one, I sold for retail price...still waiting to get paid for that one...yep there are non payers there too, just like everywhere else online. My buyer is suppose to be working on setting up her paypal account, so we shall see. Oh and if you haven't figured it out, the only acceptable payment method for now is paypal.
PHILIP MUDD, FORMER CIA ANALYST: Having seen this stuff on the inside, that’s not a debate. That is a done deal. The information we got was invaluable. So debate the cultural side and the political side, but please don’t debate the intelligence side.
I have two words for you: Madeleine Peyroux. Pour yourself a glass of great Merlot, and turn up your speakers.
Here's what the award looks like:
I suspected it was Jennifer, but it still mostly felt like me. So maybe this is a part of me that I just typically shy away from. It could easily be simply a different aspect of my typical behavior.
Economists this week have suggested that we should be more like Europe in having a much shorter working week of around 20 hours. The Socialist Party (of which I am a member) demands just a 30 hour maximum working week as a transitional demand towards a socialist world. What reasons could there be for this? I am sure the obvious ones, such as people having more time and it freeing up the possibility to get some of the 1 million unemployed youth into work will be being discussed more openly in some of the press and on social networking sites and also in various left wing papers. These issues will have their place but is there a reason to consider this from a psychological perspective? Would it benefit society? How? Would mental health improve under these conditions? Would capitalism crumble under the pressure of people actually being happy in their work and home life?
1 fray
pinch of cinnamon
a small bunch of chives, cut into 3 cm lengths
A bit strange, but as they say, you “ain’t seen nothing yet.”
But, they weren't really doing it when you guys were, that's the thing. You guys were among the initiators of that.
Some clinicians theorize that freshly shaved pubic areas and genitals are also more vulnerable to herpes infections due to the microscopic wounds being exposed to viruses carried by mouth or genitals. It follows that there may be vulnerability to spread of other sexual transmitted infections as well.
Partially true, but it was big businesses failure to train and re-hire it's labor force.
Where am I even going with all of this? I can't even write about it coherently. Anyway, I'm not really superstitious. I don't believe that thinking something will cause it to come true. But still I don't want all this angst to somehow have an impact on the baby. So mostly I just try to get through each hour without worrying too much. A lot of times that means not really thinking about it. I feel crazy a lot.
Why? Surely, performance on these measures must provide a good prediction of success in college. What, no? Then, clearly they must be good measures of academic proficiency, then? Yes, OK, that is true, to some degree. However, they also measure several unintended variables: first, it measures one's ability to take multiple-choice tests, or to "game" the system (e.g. to weed out the two stupid answers, to look at the two possible answers, and then to figure out which one of those is the "trick."). The other, secondary skill that it measures is attention, or stamina. Some kiddos, no matter how much they want to do so, just don't sit, and sustain attention, in this dry, silent, LONG, testing session that is the typical format of TAKS.
There was something familiar about this figure. I knew I had met this man before but I couldn’t place him till I had downed my fourth draught beer and then it was all clear. Sh–t!
I'm also collecting donations on my paypal account, it is going to cost a lot to rebuild. She is a single woman, working and going to college to get her nursing degree. She doesn't have any money for rebuilding. If you'd like to help out my account is moneal@pobox.com
Hastings (John Heffernan) & Tony Lumpkin (David Fynn)
40. Love and gratitude…Thank you, thank you, thank you.
In general, Islam places a much heavier emphasis on the omnipotence of God, and therefore is much more deterministic in its cosmology than Christianity. By that I mean that Islamic theology has always been more likely to accept the idea that everything – even bad things – are acts of God, thus the range of things attributed to evil is smaller.
So the Torah shows us the Jewish People’s heritage, the retelling of its history, guidelines for the People and the universal messages of monotheism and social conduct, which the Western society have embraced.
But, because this is real life. I'm writing out of my fingers right now, not by the backspace button. I'm gonna finish watching the rest of Deadliest Catch: The last Phil episode, dry my tears and get some sleep.
Yesterday he came home with an application form for me, for studying MA in counselling and psychotherapy. He knows it's my dream so he did some research, printed off an application form and brought it home to me. I will look into it and see if there is any way I can finance it. We shall see, perhaps next year.
The scarf I made is "only" around 4 meters long. I tried to find one yarn-brand that had all the right colours so the scarf wouldn't look unevenly kitted because of the different wools and thicknesses. It worked out quite well. The wool I found was a little thicker than it should have been so I reduced the stitches from 66 to 40.
“Sinister. It just seemed wrong.”
slightly bluesy. And I felt how wonderful it would be to have Eric
2 t. baking powder
I have paid thirty pounds to attend a conference. An NUT conference on LGBT issues in education. Am I an activist? Am I a voyeur? I really need to understand why I am attending. Am I going to make LGBT or more specifically T friends? As usual I have convinced myself that from this will emerge a career, a path, a meaning. And knowing my ability to blurt out my feelings at meetings, at conferences it could very well be the start of something; but what? Do I have anger or an angle that rages inside me, that despises the prejudice I, we face? Not sure so maybe not. Do I have a bill or an idea for a bill I wish to drive through parliament, something centred on education? Not really, school lunches could always be improved but I am finding it hard to see the LGBT angle on that issue. Is being an activist a job? Does it have earning potential? It has just struck me that I have to replace a fifty grand salary; with what? Breathe in and out, slowly and deeply, don’t panic. It can be done, maybe not as an activist. Note to self attending a conference does not ensure a career. I am not an activist. Activist who have money have made the money in films playing activists, I am no Erin Brockovich. And we know how far my acting abilities have taken me; nowhere. I have always ended up on the cutting room floor, show me a camera and I freeze. Action equals inaction. So I am no activist, no actor. I do not have the thespian bug. There is something in education; I am very good at that. If I can find somewhere to become a woman and not teach kids then education would be a fine fit. Maybe writing policies, coming up with strategies, structures, new initiatives; I should contact the coalition. Transgender learning lines, schemes of work with a diffusion of role definition. Sounding confusion, and very unlikely to be taken up by any party even one as disparate as the coalition. I will enrol on a gardening course; I will do my upmost to complete that RHS one I started a few years ago at night school. I stopped because the tutor spent an ordinate amount of time talking to us about soil structure, I realise it is important but I was aiming for the Chelsea Flower Show and could not see the relevance. I made it to the Chelsea Flower Show a couple of years ago making plasticine flowers with a group of willing pupils from the school unaware it was my dream, actually shamefully I think I admitted it on camera; which ended up on the cutting room floor. It has always been my dream to make a garden at Chelsea, it has always been my dream to be able to change a light switch, I really need a husband, a capable handy husband who has an innate desire to make our nest a practical working space. A safe happy, lined nest, lined with beautiful delicate wallpaper from Osborne and Little or a regency style from Sanderson’s. With dimmer switches that work and roof tiles that are in place and dogs that do as they are told and invoke the wrath of the neighbours. He is such a small dog, I say describing Harry, the angriest of all Terriers. Little man syndrome! Have I adopted womanhood to find a man? Well yes, if I can, I know it is a hopeless endeavour so please do not take my whining seriously. What man would want a woman who cannot change a light switch or control her terrier?
Okay, on with the wedding....
A message from Nicolás Kanellos,
Good morning! I was looking through the challenge list at Feline Playful and found some that I could combine into a CAS card. This is what I came up with...what do you think of all the sparkle?! I'm loving it!
His erring child He reconciled,
Additionally, and no disrespect, but Oprah Winfrey, Magic Johnson, Bob Johnson, and others have built BRANDS that employ–but none to the extent of a Bill Gates level; and all three brands represent entertainment or sports. In 2007, Microsoft employed a reported 79,000 people. That was in 2007. Name one Black-owned company that employs 79,000 people?
Mouthfeel (0-3): A little thin. Just like Shiner Bock. 3 points
We do not, however, bring something for Ireland to copy. We do not even “copy” within the 26 schools which Dr. Moran administers or the various schools I work with, nor even from classroom to classroom down a school corridor. Instead we offer seeds, which we hope will take root in the rich, scholar embedded soil of Ireland, and will grow here in new ways which may enlighten all of us. As Seán Cottrell, director of the Irish
I applied for a course in Creative Writing… here’s crossing my fingers that I get accepted.
By Katina Logan, Technical Artist for Martha Pullen Company
prisoners of mind and perceptions
Fellow designers Rick Oscen and Tom Ballard have both gone on record accusing the other of inducing programmer Ned Bates to be the first guinea pig, neither claim has been substantially proven. The only thing that is certain is that hours later, they managed to get the booth open again and extract Ned, who was by this time “coated in vomit”
I am DANG creative.
Welcome to the Mystique Designs CT blog.
... on a Friday!Today I have a very special guest on the blog. She is one of the bloggers that I've met during my time as a blogger and we are basically BFF's. She is Darla from D For Darla's Definite Reads ( You REALLY must check out her blog. I love It) So to keep me from carrying on any longer here is the interview!
Then it was time to find a job. I applied all over the country and after a few months of frustration, received a job offer from a small weekly newspaper in our county seat. I started as a very green general assignment reporter for The Courier-News. I felt so blessed to start at a small paper so I was able to cover some amazing things — criminal trials, the county commission, the building of a new jail, and a day in the life of a paramedic.
I’ve been trying to think of other public figures who disconcerted their audience with displays of faith. Then one came to me: George Harrison. On the recent anniversary of Harrison’s death, writer Andrew Ferguson described seeing Harrison during his solo tour of the States, making 40,000 roaring people suddenly uncomfortable simply by singing about his Hinduism. “I still marvel at the nerve it must have taken, singing about God, of all things, in front of kids thumping for rock ’n’ roll, not to mention the wised-up musicians and the cynics and pedants of the concert-reviewing press,” Ferguson wrote. Plenty of people complained about Harrison’s dragging Hinduism into concert halls, but, “Because George insisted, some of us felt obliged, for the first time in our lives, to take the idea (at least) of God seriously.”
Past that enlightening face
Actually, much of Coronation Street’s portrayal of the working class is troubling. In particular, Hilda Ogden is...
This free event is open to all families. Registration is not required. Come for all of the information and assistance. Then stay for the free lunch, refreshments, door prizes, dancing, and fun!
So, Live in peace, seek joy, and love others openly, there is plenty to go around! It's always free and easy to share and creates abundance!
Born July 21, 1977, Richard Johnson attended Belmont Abbey school, the alma mater of Peter Scudamore, before leaving at 16 to take a job with then champion trainer David Nicholson. He was born and raised at Madley, Herefordshire, where his parents have a farm. Johnson comes from racing stock as his mother Sue holds a licence to train, while his father Keith, who won the 1982 Midlands Grand National on Bridge Ash, and his grandfather Ivor were both good amateur riders. Johnson is unlucky to be riding in the same era as Tony McCoy as he has finished runner-up to his rival in the jockeys’ championship on 11 occasions and appears destined to fill the same position this term. He is one of a few jockeys to make the front page of The Sun (March 2003) when his then girlfriend Zara Phillips kissed him after his Champion Hurdle victory on Rooster Booster and also appeared in the pages of Hello magazine (December 2001) alongside Phillips. His first winner came at Exeter aboard Rusty Bridge on April 30,1994, and he has gone on to capture some of racing’s biggest prizes, notably the 2000 Gold Cup at Cheltenham aboard Looks Like Trouble and the 2002 Queen Mother Champion Chase on Flagship Uberalles, as well as Rooster Booster’s famous triumph in the Champion Hurdle. Other top-flight winners he has partnered include Florida Pearl, Anzum, Mighty Man, Detroit City, Planet Of Sound, Menorah and Landing Light. He has a good record at Aintree and won the Topham Trophy over the Grand National course in 2001 on Gower Slave. His best finish in the John Smith’s Grand National came when What’s Up Boys finished second in 2002. The grey looked the winner at the elbow but, like many before him, Johnson’s mount was headed in the last 75 yards by Bindaree. In 2007 he married Fiona Chance, daughter of the dual Cheltenham Gold Cup winning trainer Noel Chance. John Smith’s Grand National Record: 1997 Celtic Abbey (UR 15th), 1998 Banjo (Fell 1st), 1999 Baronet (Fell 4th), 2000
1 1/2 cups shredded cheddar cheese (or a bit more if you like)
Anyone ever tried to find a payphone? Holy shit, It’s easier to find Jesus than it is to find a fuckin’ payphone. People are even surprised when they find out you’re attempting to locate one. You walk into a store:
2. Spinach salad with strawberries, blueberries, almonds and vinaigrette
And do you know what's so wonderful about all of these Christmas songs written by people who don't celebrate Christmas? They're all classics that give you the warm fuzzies. I like 'em all (and don't tell my wife that; she thinks I hate Christmas music, so I've been fooling her all this time).
Tanlines - Bejan
One home cooked meal this week and that's because we are pretty much quarantined upstairs. All the carpet is gone downstairs and it is quite dusty, so the kitchen is only in use for quick things.
Michel Simon Drôle de Drame
There are those business leaders in the world today who truly believe on a core level that we can change the world around us by being positive role models and focusing our companies on the positive rather than on the negative! One such top business man is Scott Pederson. Scott is CEO of the Positive Companies and has started “International Positive Week”, which is formally launching the week of September 19th through the 25th 2010. Scott’s passion is to change the course of mainstream media’s negative focus on sports figures and the mistakes that they had made in their lives and careers both on and off the field. He has said, “International Positive Week is dedicated to celebrating the positive contributions made by individuals, businesses and communities throughout the world. One area of our focus is the sports industry, which as we’ve seen with recent events is not immune from negative publicity.
That car was my first taste of freedom. It was mine and I could come and go as I pleased (okay I was 16, so obviously there were restrictions on my coming and going). That car was a tank (them Germans know how to make a durable, sturdy car) and I adored it.
I want to get something for her that is special, but doesn't cost a lot of money. Something that is perfect for her- but she has everything she wants.
March 27 Ace of Cups, Columbus OH
I don’t know about you, dear readers, but it’s been genuinely heartening to see the return of the Honey Monster and Tetley Tea Folk to our television screens.
1 progressed
Add diced tomatoes, bay leaves, and chicken stock. Stir to combine. Bring to a boil and then reduce heat and simmer for 30 minutes. Add uncooked pasta and cook until al dente (about 10-15 minutes). Don't over cook or pasta will get mushy! Stir in basil and season to taste with salt and pepper.
This is easy to do and only takes a few minutes. You can seek out poems on the internet or in books, or, if you want something that takes less effort, sign up for a daily poetry newsletter. I subscribe to one from the American Academy of Poets that features both established and emerging poets.
In this picture, I have been wearing Bellsprout for 5 days. Amazing lack of tip wear, eh? I'm beginning to love Catherine Arley holos more and more!
With thanks to Ken Beck, Paul Rose and Big Harold.
My favourite reality TV couple Bill and Giuliana Rancic are expecting a baby, this is after years of trying, and they have shared their journey with viewers of their reality show. Their attempts included the natural way which didn’t work and then they moved over to IVF. Giuliana suffered a miscarriage and at their last attempt was diagnosed with breast cancer and she had to undergo a double masectomy.
belt- Kitsch
I bring an offering of worship to my King
The legendary stork has brought an unloved child in a basket to the American people. Abandoned as a toddler by his father, dumped as a child by his mother on his grandparents, he has been searching for love ever since. And finally he founded it in the initially warm embrace of the foster parenthood of the prattling classes, the politically disgruntled from the previous administration, and all the poor. And being laid in this ‘public’ bed of love and indulging its pleasures to the full Obama will eventually have to pay its high price. As to continue to be the recipient of this love, so existentially necessary for him, his agenda perforce has to be focused in satisfying these three groups simultaneously. That is why his grand social policies of universal health care, education, foreign policy, and climate change, are so important to him. But this is a task for one endowed with superior qualities and Obama has the ordinary qualities of a ‘community organiser’ dressed in ‘ivy clothes leaves.’ And in this inability to accomplish the great change that he promised to the American people the presently smitten with love public for Obama will turn against him and the latter will find himself bitten by the public adder on his path to political failure.
I call them fascinating and see them as wonderful embellishments to nautical decor such as stringing several of these on some rope criss crossing a ceiling in a room, using them as ornaments or to dress up a gift box.
Where do you turn in times of trouble? Where do you turn in times of joy? How about distress, celebration, sadness, etc.? Can you say you keep your eyes fixed on Him in all things? Do others see Him in you? Is God your priority? Are you seeking His attention or others?
A boundary agreement was reportedly signed and ratified with UAE in 2003 for Oman’s entire border, including Oman’s Musandam Peninsula and Al Madhah exclave, but details of the alignment have not been made public.
If the solution for bankruptcy of an individual is to jail at 40+K a year on the taxpayer’s back, then the West won’t need any enemies. Instead of a honmeless person costing nothing on the street, the taxpayers get to pay for this persons’ food and lodging for as many years as the Judge decides.
Here's how to do it:
Now is also the time to get your hair cut and apply a hair treatment to get it in great glossy mane shape. Why not apply a home made potion on you locks. Sali Hughes did a great review of hair masks for all budgets in The Guardian
While T. Mom and my sister were busy in the kitchen with coffee and cake (a fuss for my ears) the kids were sitting on the couch. Playing with Easter bunnies my mom had brought. There were smarties in the bunnies, so effectively they were rattles. Because I did not want to be the nasty snappy aunt I swallowed. Meanwhile Nessie with her tail wagging was wafting the whipped cream from the pie to ceiling height while my father was trying to have a conversation with me.
taking large bites, your face screwed up, your head hammering with the brain freeze
of tongues sketches imposing
For the 16th profile, I am honored to present Marianne Schwab. For over twenty years, TV Travel Show Producer Marianne Schwab has been collecting money saving travel tips as a travel producer for high profile television programs and also as a road warrior of business travel. In addition to traveling around the world, she has flown all over the country to produce and direct video shoots and live television productions. She has produced on location from the beaches of Ft. Lauderdale to Caesar’s Palace on the Las Vegas Strip to the beautiful island of Oahu.
more valuable when it browns, for bread.
“These are used as dormitories, being beyond the reach of the lions, which, since the incursion of the Mantatees, when so many thousands of persons were massacred, have become very numerous in the neighbourhood, and destructive to human life. The branches of these trees are supported by forked sticks or poles, and there are three tiers or platforms on which the huts are constructed…”
Germans get really into celebrating Easter. They buy all these colourful painted eggs and hang them up in their garden. They also buy bunny pictures and statues and put them up around the house. And everywhere you go, people are wishing you a "Frohes Ostern" -happy Easter. It is normally a time for families to get together and enjoy a big meal, typically lamb. And they even buy each other presents. It is a little like a lower key Christmas!
His idea of becoming wealthy is when your assets start generating monthly income that is more than your monthly expenses and you do not remain dependent on regular job to cover your expenses. He has mentioned about various methods that he has used throughout his life to get to that stage. Most of his advice is about dealing in real estate and some of it related to stock market. His ideas are interesting and I am sure must be useful to many people. At the same time, it is not as easy as he makes it out to be.
For those of you who are unaware: North Carolina has placed an anti-gay marriage amendment measure on the ballot. It will be the first time North Carolina has amended its constitution for the purpose of limiting rights of any one person or group of persons in its history.
You can support Grant by making a pledge to pre-order the album and take part in the greater pledge drive through Pledge Music for US$10. This will allow you to take advantage of the some of the great offers that are up for grabs. You’ll have access to exclusive videos and updates about the album and its release, as well as news on live performances and more.
I've managed to jump on the computer for a few minutes...since we've moved the only PC is the one in Dave's office, so I never get on it...my new years resolution (or one of them) is to get my own one sorted and back to blogging.
“Thankfulness CREATES that which brings you whatever you seek. Thankfulness is the CAUSE and not the result of a pleasant experience. Thankfulness is one of the two most powerful feelings that a human heart can tolerate. They are each, the two sides of the same “coin”: Panic is the belief that I have nothing. Thankfulness is the knowledge that I have everything.”
Now, my parents DO live in the middle of nowhere. I totally get that. But if a local florist says they can do whatever the website offers (and let's face it, these are not exactly exotic flowers that are offered) they better damn well do what they say they will do and not try to sneak something by me, and the customers of the website. I mean, wow. How shitty is that?
In reality, I am utter nothingness.
They’ve had a few surprises.
"I won't!" Says Christine, trying vainly to hold back some kind of mad hysteria!
Now to think of some other little projects to do with my remaining shirt fabric! Stay tuned :)
The key reason why am I actually therefore healthy' is usually acknowledged as being a a great deal more successful very good affirmations. excellent Positive affirmations must inevitably end up being indicated in the current anxious. To bolster well-being as part of your chosen lifestyle commence wondering to yourself-'why feel We so healthy and balanced?I Your current depths of the mind sights seeks ways of which dilemma. Which will timely anyone to perform inside a technique to remain healthy. require yourself-'Why are I actually so affluent?' The unconscious ideas will commence trying to find the answers. And the majority without doubt you'll find yourself using solutions to receive wealth. superior statements and affirmations must attain precise. The much far more special this approval, as well as a lot more likely it can be to produce the most preferred consequence. correct allow me to share quite a few sample affirmations that may represent day-to-day work with.
Axelrod: we want to create more jobs by
Meanwhile as Victor’s stupidity continues to be more apparent, at least Henry is showing some vague common sense. He challenged Siobhan on her myriad of lies and while he seemingly understood her animosity towards Bridget, he didn’t seem entirely convinced that her plans were still the best course of action. Maybe we’re getting a future development where Henry is responsible for Siobhan’s downfall.
You are coming into your own personality and I have to say you are... hilarious! One of the things I love most about your daddy is his sense of humor and I think you inherited that. I love how you make me laugh several times a day. You wake up in the morning calling out for daddy and I and you are so opinionated from the moment you wake up until the moment you go to sleep... I think you inherited that from me... yikes! You are still extremely picky about what you eat, but you are VERY polite about it, most of the time. If I try to offer you a bite of something, you usually look at it and say "No thank you."
But I think what I'm really talking about here is slowing down. Having some kind of tool when life gets tumultuous, and taking a moment to do that thing and that thing only -- even if it's as silly as looking at your hands -- rather than get carried away in the drama of the moment.
The idea is that you make a big list of things you want to do before you die, and then you do them. Simple.
Quite frankly, sometimes, I’d be happier if no one saw me at all.
This was life! And it was out there beckoning!
Ask a literary agent who has expressed interest in you:
I’d been up north, lending my honeyed tones to a new wildlife documentary for Channel 5, which quite took it out of me. You can expend significant reserves your lung juice on tricky lines such as: ‘Deep in the swampland of Baluchestan, the hunters are waiting to hear the mating call of the whelk-eared porcupine, the world’s rarest spined mammal. Their pelts can fetch nearly two hundred dollars on the open market. Most will end up as luxury pouches worn by Japanese wrestlers in the highly illegal sport of space hopper sumo...’ The skills required for this kind of gig have to be up there with hosting ‘Have I Got News For You’ in terms of getting the intonation right. Phase it wrong and you’ve either slandered a heron or suggested Tory Party politicos like to mate in Norfolk marshes.
Here’s the first one (the one I didn’t wear)
Walking along the Ginger Valley trail my 15-year-old daughter commented that she can't remember ever walking on a trail where she couldn't hear traffic.
Luke: You won't be sorry!
The approach of the experienced dance musicians making these recording was a logical extension of their previous music, to absorb rock and roll just like any other musical style, but the examples above also show that they wished to go beyond the simplicity of rock, simultaneously putting artistic effort into their ‘cover versions’ and trying to encapsulate the wider social implications they sensed in rock music.
Always read the label, my friends.
A more predictable consequence of giving birth is that Elizabeth gained weight that she couldn't easily shed. Of course, this can be a problem even for women in their 20s, but the likelihood increases with age. Once Elizabeth began appearing in public with her trim husband in 2004, the contrast between the two did not go entirely unnoticed by the national media. Elizabeth's initial foray into the public realm couldn't have been easy.
Once I told myself that I wasn’t going to win, life suddenly became a lot simpler. So what if I didn’t write the thousand words I’d planned to write? So what if I couldn’t go on my walk that day? So what if dinner wasn’t going to cook itself? Nobody was watching me to award points on how brilliantly I was conducting myself through the day. Apart from a bored pigeon maybe.
I am (Mary Donelda) the tallest, Donna to the far left, Carolyn to my right, Don (Buck) & Colleen in the stroller. (Look at that car in the background). This was probably
So here is my dilemma:
Delirium Tremens
Hello folks, what's the weather like your way, yesterday is was so hot here in the UK Fens we were melting, today we are having a monsoon and the cardies are back out. Crazy weather or what ?
At breakfast today in a local cafe, I was glancing at the magazine ART and ARCHITECTURE, looking over beautiful images of Mary, the mother of Jesus, from a book entitled, at least in part, “FULL OF GRACE.”
Thanks everyone and we will see you all on Monday for our next challenge :)
I was also prepared with course materials for the first three sessions and laid those out in folders around the table, one folder per participant. I had three folders for me, one for each session. When I added pens, paper and that bowl of strawberries, we were ready to go.
“Coffee makes us severe, and grave, and philosophical.” – Jonathan Swift
Peter Lyons does another ripper opinion piece, this time on the inanities of the domestic housing market.
Opus Life is life A
I have been blessed five times over with our sons and
B. Plum Spooky
He calls his sisters his "girlies." So when they come home it is, "My Girlies! My Girlies are home!" Or yesterday we were playing outside and a neighbor walked by. Noble went up to her and said. "I'm Noble. These are my girlies. (pointing to where the girls were playing with a friend. then pointing to the friend--) Well not that one. But those ones. That is my Ina girlie, my Annie girlie, and my Lauren girlie." Noble has his own little harem.
Ingram Content Group licenses EPAC Technologies book manufacturing technology and expands Lightning Source operations NASHVILLE, TN – Ingram Content Group today announced a licensing agreement with EPAC Technologies Inc. and the acquisition of assets of two EPAC print facilities in the U.S. plus a technology development and support group in Germany to expand its Lightning Source worldwide print-on-demand operation.
Next week we are having a Baconfest at the pub. Tons of bacon - our menu will be baconized for one week. We'll be having pork trivia, chocolate covered bacon, and we're tapping up some of the Old Forge Rauchbier, with its sweet and smoky character it will perfectly complement all the bacon.
Thank you for stopping by my blog, and if you wish to comment, that would be wonderful. Happy crafting everyone.
Row 39- ch1, turn, sc in 3, fpdc, sk open sc, (sc in 7, fpdc, sk open sc) 5 times, sc in last 4. (42sc, 6 fpdc)
Katie O. (who is very observant!) noticed that I was wearing my blue/black Brooks PureFlows (detailed review on my most favorite shoes here) in my pre-race Boston Marathon photos, but that in my official race photos I am wearing white and purple shoes, and she asked what was up with the shoe change.
Reply
Help me submit my brokenness and sorrow to you.
Little Miss lost her belly button stump. :)
Bishop Dupre is in the news again, still getting his monthly stipend of $1,500. Also in the news it was suggested that the Mass Turnpike could save millions if they eliminated politically hired toll collectors. The legislature has proposed an $8.25 per hour minimum wage in Massachusetts, while others have replied that it would make us uncompetitive, make things more expensive, etc. especially if adjusted annually.
Finally, you may be wondering how all those gori cheerleaders made their way to India, and I’m here to tell you that Bhuvan and Lagaan are the reason. When Elizabeth returned to England, she started the first cricket cheerleading squad, and there after tradition has held that all IPL cheerleaders are to be white only.
and listen to others,
This week I was traveling by taxi in Düsseldorf. I was tired; I closed my eyes and went to sleep.
a dash of cinnamon and vanilla essence to taste
This is one 6-foot tall bookcase from Target full of binders. Next to it are six shoe boxes full of cards in top loaders. Eventually, this is all that my collection will consist of. This amount seems manageable to me. The black binders are sets. The old timey binders are mostly labeled by team, sport, or maker. The bottom shelf was cut off, but that consists of newer binders and just a little empty space to add more. And why six shoe boxes? Because eight is too many and four is too few. They will eventually reside on top of this bookcase. What's on top of it now? Don't ask. And you gotta dig my collection of sports jerseys there. Yes, I am eternally 10 years old.
We live in a culture that hates to commit. We like to engage things and feel things out. Just be ready, when you bring out the old bag of tricks.
For those of you who still want to order a decal-- you are an answer to my prayers.
*It should be pointed out that WAR on the Fangraphs site -- which many prefer -- has Rice ahead by a bit 56.1 to 52.6. I suspect for Jim Rice fans, that's still way too close.
Usually we have the keyboard and mouse out of the sidedoor to operate the slideshow and dh or my eldest ds will operate it from a chair that they set in front of them.
A couple of months ago I decided to do an experiment. Not out of boredom, but for a purpose. It was blog writing time. Pastor Chris and I belong to a group where we blog on the same topic every week. His is chrislogan.blogspot.com; mine is heyyoulady.blogspot.com. The topic for that particular week was, “What is seen in the light.” My experiment was to shut off the lights and put on a blindfold, then write my post, typing blindfolded. Here are some of my reflections of my time in the absence of light.
Hats!!
Let rise for 20-30 min.
I am currently an insurance agent. I am very happy with what I do and what I have become. Not all childhood dreams come true, but what is important, is that you are happy with what you do. If you are not, you are the only one that can make a change.
DON’T STOP BELIEVIN
Regardless, I couldn't help but be amazed at the fact that Republicans are still bringing up this Mexican border fence issue this election cycle. I certainly understand that illegal immigration is an issue that needs to be dealt with in this country; I think that both liberals and conservatives would agree, but our solutions to the problems are vastly different.
Damaged and plain whisker can be caused by wide of the mark choice of factors - it is all things considered proper to baneful chemicals that you attired in b be committed to been using, importance, enormous heat or it may also be suitable to the withstand or maybe your race. No be of consequence the motive, dryness can fix the hair suffer and on more sensitive, so that it is a lot more horizontal due to the fact that dandruff, itching, breakage and curls loss. Restoring your skin of one's teeth's condition can be with no done, providing you pick a adept fraction care products, tweaking a scintillating, healthier hair can be gifted tenable to a great extent quickly.While using the distinctive hairdressing products sold online, how's it on to one's hands on the suitable shampoo and offering for dry hair? A gang of you may take even hardened some, but not one of those gave the indentation to work. The search and also the dream of wait has finished - I'm intending to suggest a trendy hairdressing merchandise which enables you to see productive and guaranteed results! Dry hair's breadth is lone of the most irritating conditions that everybody must take be concerned of, and Support is plainly a specific of the greatest items which you will see there.What on terra is Help and ways in which will it daily help those that from out hair? Boost contains significantly moisturizing content in contrast to the ones which you oblige been purchasing on the tranquillizer upon and in the groceries. As the standard operating procedure is large formulated repayment for wearisome and damaged mane, you wishes to all intents fool an improvement from it. Moisture is amongst the clich‚d explanations why tresses looks obscene, bare, damaged and fragile, and Boost is solitary joke of the people items which typically bid the moisture that other products will not contain.Because it is formulated while using liquid, you don't be subjected to to nudge round getting the hair damaged simultaneously more! It is unquestionably sturdy on fraction fall as well as other ringlets problems, but it remains temperate for your hair. Uncommonly should be information, it could at all clearly touch on split ends, after the first sweep! Split ends, the kind of fine kettle of fish gone totally women, and many people have the common inkling that this one technique to eliminate it can be to reduce the fraction short. This doesn't should end in this way, most significantly with Encouragement products and conditioner.If you are at one of those individuals who give birth to been drained of using just back every separate by-product which is flourishing on the hawk, Boost will be the last by-product that you'll test, that is certainly beyond doubt. With proven results, and momentous reviews from past customers, this can be indeed essentially the most anticipated as artistically as best shampoo for prosaic and damaged hair. Simply because of its gaining fame, it can be patently at hand to acquire throughout the internet - and may be shipped irrespective of your country.
Like a fist around a shell, the walls squeezed down again. Fewer heartbeats separated this cycle from the last.
One of the more unique job positions in the oil and gas industry is the Marine Mammal Observer (MMO). The MMO is considered an environmental consultant specializing in whales, porpoises, and dolphins, and is a role developed from concern for these animals during oil and gas operations, especially during offshore seismic testing.
When I reached the top of the staircase, I turned around and looked at him. He gave me a sheepish grin. Both of us knew what we wanted, what was going to come next and the anticipation was killing us. Only, we had to pretend that nothing was happening. For the benefit of our colleagues. It was a company trip afterall and to avoid being the topic of the office grapevine, it was best to keep things...keep this thing under wraps. Whatever this was.
- The conclusion of the movie feels very uneven, especially in regards to the climax.
Democratic Leader Danny Morgan, D-Prague was honored with the Distinguished Service Award at the 42nd Annual Oklahoma Career and Technology Education Summer Conference yesterday at the Cox Convention Center.
More: There's distrust. Many people seem to know why. The Hispanic population has grown dramatically in Hazleton over the last decade or so. According to census numbers, there were about 250 people who identified themselves as Hispanic in 1990, barely over 1,000 in 2000. Now, there are almost 10,000 Latinos living in Hazleton. They have come for jobs, for more affordable housing, for the small town charms that not so long ago brought in the Maddonnis and Scarcellas and Barlettas and Palahnuiuks.*
passion for one another, men committing shameless acts with men and receiving
Therefore, Brett's fable of a "good packaging" does not hold much water. Quite on the contrary, it can be argued that the West ostracized the Apartheid regime in spite of what could be seen in the news about the ANC. The question remains, then: why? My theory is that the reasons behind the West's shunning of South Africa are similar to those behind the widespread criticism of Israel: we know and care more about both countries because they're more "like us" than, say, Pol Pot or Jean Kambanda.
Coming home, it was the same. This time on the train, people were so friendly. It was nice. And honestly, it really kind of surprised me. I'm so used to people just looking down and going about their business.
-sporadic moments where he cares again, but doesn’t actually mean it
Yesterday I cooked up a pound of dried large lima beans in my pressure cooker. I was originally going to use some of them to make some of my Lower Fat Vegenaise Substitute, but I had small orange pepper that needed to be used and I ended up making this delicious spicy, smoky 'cheese' spread instead.
healthy fats
It does not look like a red herring as planning for his meetings has been completed and he would also take a short holiday with his family after his official duties, which include meeting members of the Global Science and Innovation Advisory Council in New York.
Ambassadors of Death is one of few Doctor Who stories still only available on VHS, and due to the great BBC wiping, the story no longer exists fully in colour, meaning that through the VHS presentation we are constantly flicking back and forth from colour to black and white. A DVD was scheduled for release in 2011, but was postponed due to ongoing restoration issues. All issues were finally resolved in November 2011 and the DVD should see release late 2012/early 2013. The story clearly draws very heavily on the 1953 tv serial The Quatermass Experiment, where an astronaut returning to earth is replaced by an alien life form.
SlID : Yeah, positively . . .well maybe not music-wise. We want to play different styles . .we are not musical fascists. We listen to and play various musical styles. But we still punks(!) because we follow the original goal : to do things ourselves. We are in touch with a lot of people internationally and still want to add to our correspondence. Write us.
Widmer Collaborator - Hopfinium is the union of a relatively dry Pacific Northwest style IPA with the clean fermentation characteristics of a proper German lager yeast - an India Pale Lager - thus allowing the focus to be entirely upon the abundant hops, rather than be muddied by the esters of an ale yeast. Expect a crisp finish and clean bitterness under the dank citrus-tangerine flavor and aromas of Cascade, Summit and Simcoe hops.
Obama has cut the defense budget by more than 1.13%! That makes us vulnerable. We used to spend as much as the rest of the world combined on their military. Now our nation only spends 42% of the world’s military budget. That loss of military over-kill will mean that it will be harder to kill every person on the planet if we had to. And Obama has lead us to this tragic weakness in killing potential. We are doomed.
That is what is important in my life.
I wish you all a Happy New Year! and I wish you only the best in the upcoming year.
my boys used to ask me if i knew that i was singing... as i cooked at the stove, cleaned up the kitchen, or decorated a shelf for the new season. this was when the singing was new.
Not horrible but still needed some help
Nadia, to me, is hands down one of the best Nia instructors/practitioners in all of Hawaii. Nadia & I are friends through Nia as well. I can’t even begin to explain how awesome her classes are. You may just have to check them out for yourself. What I appreciate the most from Nadia’s classes are her words. Sometimes when people describe things about the body, mind, & spirit it can come off as weird or contrived. Not in Nadia Nia classes. Her verbiage is excellent & fully descriptive for the body, mind & spirit. Nadia is based out of Kailua & I go to her Saturday classes as much as possible. The biggest lesson I’m learning in my body & mind right now is “it’s okay” & “it’s okay to let go.” I’m learning it because of my classes with Nadia.
A more comprehensive and in-depth editorial service can be provided by Better Book if they or the author feel it is required.
So, it's been fun, friends. We've had some laughs. We've shed some tears. But, you know what they say: "That's great, it starts with an earthquake, birds, snakes an aeroplane and Lenny Bruce is not afraid"
(from their website) At the Vermont History Expo, a collection of 150+ local historical societies, museums, and heritage organizations meets every other year to create a fresh picture of Vermont history with exhibits, music, family activities, music, food, presentations, performances, and lots more! Some of the exhibits may feature this year’s theme, which commemorates the 150th anniversary of the Civil War and Vermont’s significant role in that war. Expo will be held at the Tunbridge Fairgrounds, Tunbridge, Vermont.
Why, because everyone knows that the folks who drink booze are all alcoholics and a drain on the state's medical resources. And everyone knows that soda-drinking leads to obesity and a drain on the state's medical resources. Why does everyone know this? Because the people who make a living off screaming about this have told them. Not that they'd be biased, or maybe present things in a slanted way to support their case...
Your loved ones, your society, your religion, your constitution, your organisation, and your community - everyone wants to play the role of a painter in your life. There is no point in placing your life in someone else`s hands and then cribbing, crying and sobbing that you are not happy with your life. An obedient painting should gleefully accept what it has become, for it had chosen obedient surrender to its painter. Else, snatch the brush. They had their life and if they have missed the chance to paint their life it is their missed opportunity. The canvass of your life cannot be used for their experimentation. You may not have the genius of a Leonardo da Vinci, but it`s okay. Make the strokes you can; scribble; at least what comes out will be your making. Then, your life becomes your responsibility. You might make mistakes, but they will be your mistakes.
‘What-’ began Felicity.
Tea Guys is focused on delivering the most exotic and sensory tea experience possible. Using ingredients from around the world to create blends of rare spices, fruits, flowers, and premium tea imparting a layered and lingering sensation not found with any other tea.
If you want to have eggs for breakfast (which is a fantastic breakfast by the way!) I recommend having one whole egg per person eating the eggs and then only use 1-2 more egg whites (which have no cholesterol) to create a healthier breakfast. Make sure you also eat berries and other fruits with it! (just because it’s yummy!) Also watch how much animal proteins and by-products you consume. This includes dairy and meat (particularly red meat). Try to limit your intake of red meats to twice a week and choose the low-fat options of dairy products.
RGR126 Oregon Scientific Rain Gauge Review – Top Wireless Instrument
"We're all nervous," said Renaldo Works, 52.
The Junkyard: This is the place where I'll post campaign ideas, notions, and high concepts that just haven't gotten built. Yet.
And that was Saturday at SFIFF. Tomorrow (Sunday) is my real marathon day with 6 movies, starting with a member's screening at 10:00 am.
Have students read the Story Wheel out loud in class by taking turns (each read a section) and take home to read to their parents.
And disappear it might if you don’t write it now.
By now everyone has realized that Spider-Man 3 was a complete and total bust, and it seems the same person in charge of the cheesy finale to a great trilogy has okayed a reboot to a series that is only five years old. The film seems to be keeping a low profile, but with summer just around the corner the producers better step it up if they want anyone else besides Spidey fanatics and bored teens to see their film. Andrew Garfield and Emma Stone leading the project sparks my interest yet these rising stars are mostly unfamiliar to the comic book world and their fresh faces may not be enough to top the ticket sales of the original series. At this point in time, I cannot say I see this film succeeding. I enjoy the talented people working on the project, however this reboot seems too soon and it is doubtful that it will make enough to spark interest in a sequel.
But - well, hell. "--" marks the quotes for RSS feeds.
Lex's rump cap is one of the more unusual cuts available. Commonly available at Brazilian churrasco and known as picanha, the rump cap is one of the juiciest cuts you can get. It's soft, fatty and flavoursome, made even better with a splash of marrow and shallot sauce that is poured at the table.
13 tbsp butter
Yeah, she is beautiful but she don't mean a thing to me.
11 Depth Charge
Which is why, when I decided to bake my friend Emma something chocolaty to mark the end of Lent (she'd given up chocolate for the duration), I thought that making boozy chocolate-cherry cupcakes with a bit of a Black Forest Cake vibe, might be suitably celebratory. Booze, chocolate and luscious black cherries, vanilla buttercream icing . . . what's not to like?
Wayne Woodrow Hayes was born on the 14th of February 1913. I knew him in my lifetime as Coach Hayes. Heck that is what everyone called him. “COACH” I even call myself a Coach Hayes kid. A lot of you out there will totally get that. I was raised in his era, I learned what football was from him, well my Dad teaching but watching Coach and the boys every Saturday afternoon.I learned fast about that “TEAM UP NORTH” and how it was a dirty word in our house. I learned what team work and loyalty was all about. Coach was kinda set in his ways but he got the respect he deserved. In my opinion it was Coach Hayes that brought Ohio State in to the power house football program they are today.
I wouldn't change it.
But because the Govt knows that it in a tight monkey pants right now you have Health Minister Fuad Khan talking out of every orifice this week, blaming the PNM for politicking the issue, revealing details from Cheryl Miller’s report that the public should not be privy too, and threatening to make people accountable. Dr Khan, are you going to take the fall? Because it is alleged, by you self on i95.5 last Thursday evening that the call to St Ann’s came from your Ministry. You have been insidiously attempting to get Cheryl Miller to be judged by the public with the information about her mental health that keeps slipping out of your mouth.
Whether you're an Apple fan or not, Steve Jobs taught us a very important lesson and that is to "think differently". We should think about why we do what we do and how we do it. So I challenge each and every one of you reading this to think about how you can offer your customers or clients insanely awesome products and services that lead to a rich customer/client experience. Think differently about how you operate your business -- be creative, be a leader and focus on building your very own Next Generation Network Marketing Business.
— Be wary of sources offering information for favors or money; avoid bidding for news.
1/2 cup boiling water
*Just a note, to make this clear, I am NOT planning for my own wedding. Despite the four engagements that have happened this weekend, Ring by Spring fever has not hit Aaron and I, and I promise you it won’t. There has been some question about that so I felt the need to clarify. I simply enjoy looking through wedding ideas just as much as any other girl.
Of course I can’t get angry. Impossible to be angry and compassionate and forgiving at the same time.
He’s now the proud owner of a nice new rucksack.
Exodus 14: 21-22
In alleging fraud or mistake, a party must state with particularity the circumstances constituting fraud or mistake. Malice, in-tent, knowledge, and other conditions of a person’s mind may be alleged generally.
These sort of guys would easily mistake a piece of shit to art and vice versa, and the worst thing was that the industry was full of guys like these. The only difference between these guys and the tourists was that the Japanese ones were explained later that it was just a radiator, while nobody took care of these folks.
As a fundamentalist Baptist, I was not permitted to dance in high school. Not for us the slow dancing of prom. My favorite joke for a long time was, “Why don’t Baptists have sex standing up?” The answer, of course, is “Because people will think they are dancing.”
Menstrual cup manufacturers advertise that you can go up to 12 hours before emptying the cup. I found that to be absolutely true. Even during my heaviest flow, the cup was only one-third full after 12 hours.
The heat was unbearable. Throat parched and body drained with exhaustion I looked vacantly stared at the passing terrain.
i don't think it was an accident that i was "held up" on this entry.
Saturday morning packing had us headed to Valley Forge, then back to Amish country. The ride from Philly up to Valley Forge is beautiful. It’s hard to imagine what is now a lovely, pristine park as a rough, cold winter for what started out as 12,000 troops and ended up with less than half. It was a hard winter for the soldiers who stayed with Washington, but it must have been at least a somewhat better plight to spend it in log cabins they erected rather than the tents they had used to that point.
This technology has been used successfully to treat sea water collected near the discharge from a nuclear power plant and liquid animal wastes. Additional investigations on other systems are ongoing. The design is robust in terms of handling scaling salts. Membrane distillation can utilize waste heat from a variety of sources, prevent thermal pollution and operate at essentially atmospheric pressure.
I’m not going to go through the litany of shows I’ve done with them, although I’ll add some more pictures at the bottom. And I’m not going to write an impassioned love letter to my colleagues and friends like I did here.
The mood and tone of the film is also set by Sean Bridgers, who gives an exceptionally eerie portrayal of Chris. The way he plays this man who is so completely evil and callous makes the audience angry and upset. After punching his wife in the gut, he can casually tell his daughter (whom he's been raping) to go get a cloth for her, as if she just had a little headache or something. Bridgers's performance is probably best described as one that is actually quite funny - but the most uncomfortable funny you've ever experienced. You can laugh or chuckle at the calm and almost likable way he delivers his lines - if what he was talking about wasn't so damn awful! I was very impressed by this man's performance and the commitment he gave to a role that nobody in their right mind would ever want to play.
I keep getting email from Classmates.com, and it tells me that someone signed my Classmates guestbook -- but I can't see who did it! I'm unfortunately not a member... If you happen to find this blog, and are an old classmate of mine, please feel free to contact me through this email:
This box is covered in some kind of plasticy material. I chalk painted the box brown. Yes, chalkpaint sticks to anything! The chalk paint covered nicely and it feels soft. Then I added this huge handle (using the drill again, fun!) I think it makes the box say "drawer."
Last Sunday, at the late Malcolm Hardee’s annual birthday celebrations (he drowned in 2005), excerpts were screened from Jody VandenBurg’s long-planned feature-length documentary about the great man. If the mountain of great anecdotes which I know Jody has can ever be edited down to 90-minutes or so, it will be an extraordinary piece of social history: a vivid glimpse into the early days of British Alternative Comedy.
New York Times equals crediblity, and the chorus has earned that. Kids, you should be so proud of all your accomplishments! And this is a big one.
Angelina usually wears a set of false or individual lashes. You can do this by purchasing a set of fake lashes and cutting them in half. Apply them to the outer corners of your eye. Finish with mascara on the top lashes, and on the outer corners of the bottom lashes. Concentrating the mascara on the outer edges further accentuates the Cat-Eye effect.
We can have a browse, take in spot of lunch,
At this time of the year, I look forward to visiting farmers markets and produce stands. Spring vegetables are piled high in abundance everywhere– fresh, clean and very inviting. Slender stalks of asparagus, colorful varieties of artichokes, vibrant radishes, and tender leaves of greens are just a few to name. In fact, produce speaks for itself. Just simple preparation and a few good ingredients is all it takes to make it shine.
"Gawd Forbid" the English RE8 has mounted the French N17! Crunch rip, tearing fabric and ensnared air-frames. The five to four advantage looks like soon to be turning to a three to four disadvantage! The Entente players look on in horror. Mid-air collisions were a part-and-parcel danger to daily front line flying. Without being a simulation exercise this is becoming statistically too realistic an experience (see below).
Fair enough, I thought. However, I continued to have a lack of peace in my heart. I finally told Dan two days before we left for Colorado and after a weeks worth of struggling with myself, and with God, that I didn't feel peace about continuing treatment. I really WANTED to feel peace about continuing treatment. But I didn't, and I couldn't ignore it. Not to mention every message at church was about trusting God alone, letting go of fears, stepping out in faith. It was pretty obvious I was being rather forcefully warned that I needed to let go. And so, I purposed that I would. Sometimes you just have to decide you're going to do what you need to. This was one of those moments. It went against everything I was feeling at the moment, except for that nagging lack of peace.... but that nagging lack of peace is what I decided to follow.
The release reads, in relevant part:
Especially when I had ideas popping in my little head:) and the challenges are my favorites.
Before I tell you about our new Challenge, just a big thank you to eveyrone that entered our Anything Goes Challenge! We had some really super creations and very talented entrants! Scroll down to find out if your a winner or in our Top 3!
The french fries are great and the chicken wings are good but we still love Pizza Hut's chicken wings ;P
I know today's outfit is more suited for fall, but when worn inside at the office (with the skirt pulled low), I didn't feel ridiculous.
All day long I am reminded of being underwater, for my desktop pics at work and home are both photos I took diving, like this one.
I wake up lying on a beach, Quintus. I don’t know how long I have been lying there nor why. The murmur of the waves mixes with the rustling of the surrounding trees.
MORE CHOICES WHEN YOU FLY TO ASIA.
On Wednesday, another slight increase will apply to temperature, it will be cloudy to overcast. On the same temperature will be evident partly cloudy to clear. Day and apply a slight decrease in temperature and winds strengthen. Rain fell from time to time a local rain fell in North Center. South will be partly cloudy.In case it gets taken down, here's the screen snapshot.
It carries a lot of reasons to celebrate and be joyful!
And I got to thinking - where did this station come from, and why am I watching Sven in Seattle?
Since the crash, Lanigan had assembled and developed a mutual assistance group, of sorts. Over time, the group had grown larger, more violent and more sophisticated. In the last month, Lanigan had begun trading with the U.N. commanders at the FEMA camps scattered around the cities of Omaha and Lincoln as well as some of the larger towns in eastern Nebraska.
The WORLD says… Give and you will receive greater honor.
“These are people … dependent on the English language,” he said. American Sign Language “is not sufficient to sustain a culture.”
As the debate continued residents opposed to the Pawn shop suggested other methods of credit and loans to the shop supporters and the result so far is in the photo above.
In this case it was my best friend Nommers, who I went to visit on Saturday. She expressed concern that Jewhurst and I often ate separately, and I had to explain that the nights where we eat separately are the nights when one of us is playing sport/doing exercise and wants something lighter! I assured her that we nearly always eat at the same time which seemed to placate her a bit ;-)
“I’m drained and I need to fill up. The demand has been very high and a manager must be strong. The new coach will give things I’m not able to anymore.”
And I torture myself further staring at a lovely watercolor I did last year that I can’t replicate for the life of me.
Article 43: After the administrative punishment decision or reconsideration resolution is completely carried out, the copyright administrative management entity should file the case materials timely.
Park's Japanese site crashed temporarily due to overwhelming traffic, it said, adding he was scheduled to fly to Japan on Thursday as part of an ongoing concert tour with his new album "Stars".
The idea of telling one subject through different story-lines isn’t a new approach by any means, but the way Soderbergh does it here makes it seem fresh and exciting. Every single story in their own right has a nice look and feel to it, each marked with their own layer of tension as well as insight into the drug world. We get right into these characters stories right away and the attention that Soderbergh grabs us at is what works the most considering that his direction keeps this flick moving.
Cast : Katie Wright, Lucie Arnaz, Dirk Benedict, Lochlyn Munro, Dean Paraskevopoulos, Jill Teed, Conor O’Farrell, Garry Chalk, Kevin McNulty, Laura Harris, Robert Moloney, Nuno Antunes, Gaetana Korbin, Ken Kramer
Posted by Justin "The Claw" at 7:26 PM 0 comments
school throws an awesomely fun fundraising garden party. There was a petting farm, bake sale, sausage sizzle and a bar. The three of us had a lovely night—Maia volunteered to run the petting farm—then ran free with the other kids in the dark. Meanwhile Ev and I volunteered at the sausage sizzle—then helped clean up (which included assisting to empty the opened wine.) It was a
At breakfast this morning my children finished off the last of the blackcurrant jam I made in the summer. I had a good crop of currants and it has lasted us quite well. The children don't like marmalade and there won't be any more jam until June at the earliest so I make them lemon curd to spread on their toast. I love it stirred into thick yogurt.
we had masks and hats and it really brought out some people's personalities.
what: barrio pop-up dinner party (an ode to afro-cuban street food with a vegan/french twist!)
Lifting an eyebrow, DJ wanted to know, “And you’re telling me this because?”
Tomorrow is race day.
POST : Account Manager
FROM ME
Usually I try to keep it low key and am fine with it if no one notices or says a word. This year I was not sure I was prepared to face my reality. Old and not famous or rich or even a minor patriarch. Boo hoo.
Entranced by thy sight!
- Responding to all the comments, mentions on FB or Twitter within seconds, thanks to Blackberry and Android phones.
Hot chilly sauce -1 tbsp
2 variety
I asked him if I could snap a pic of it.
Nice smell. Hit of grassy, herbal hops. The label says they use whole-flower hops, and I have to admit so far they don't appear to have skimped on anything but the artwork. Nice and malty as well, and just a bit sweet.
And this is how she wins every single time, she makes me laugh. I had to admit she had a point as I imagined my own mother climbing into my bed and immediately wanted to remove the image from my brain with a pitchfork.
3. The map, which rotates depending on the direction you are facing and has no zoom levels, is useless.
It's been a heck of a busy summer, which of course is my excuse for having not posted about our June trip to the south of France. That and an unfortunate situation in which our camera memory card went missing and a weeks worth of photos from Marseille & Provence were lost. Only a few random shots captured on our iPhones remain. And those that our friends nicely sent to us to help with our loss. Let me tell you, I don't wish that experience on my worst enemy. It was heartbreaking to say the least. But as Dayne said we are lucky to have our amazing memories and so with that, on this cold and rainy Seattle day, I am going to dive into a little recollection of the sunny weekend we spent in Marseille.
Ready? Begin.
Lord Fuckington struck the boy a blow across the face. He was ill prepared for it and fell stunned to the ground. For such a husky bastard this man could sure move.
We grabbed a quick bite to eat (peanuts and cashews with Ritz crackers to hold everyone over until we had time to stop at Subway), before dropping the middles off at Choir.
I opened the box.
* family room
Once they arrived to the condo community in which we live I gave them a quick tour of the rental condo I was having them stay in for the weekend and we got on our way to Notre Dame Stadium for the game. We arrived to campus to see nothing less then a long line of cars attempting to get piled into the fast filling parking lots on campus. We were able to find two parking spots close to each other in one of the North lots so that we could stay close to each other to help with directions. After some walking and quick site seeing of the campus we headed into the stadium to get our seats. With a normal football game you are assigned a specific seating location with your ticket, but with the Blue & Gold Spring game all tickets are general seating admission excluding the VIP tags which are seated in the club seats closest to the field on the 50 yard line. Once we got seated and did the National Anthem we got food orders from everyone before the game started. Laochra, Frisuer, and myself all headed down to the concessions, which were only available on the main level of the stadium, to get burgers and such for everyone. While in line at the concessions I noticed Laochra wiped her hair only to smear what appeared to be a fly by bombing from an overhead bird. Yes, a bird took a crap on Laochra’s head. Most birds look for a shiny clean car but in this case the bird wanted to make a hit and run bombing on an unsuspecting person below. As everyone can imagine I immediately started laughing hysterically which only further enraged Laochra about the situation. Now at this point Frisuer took notice to me laughing and Laochra stomping away in search of a bathroom. Frisuer then asked “what is so funny?”, I then replied “A bird just took a shit on Laochra’s head”. Now that Frisuer had been fully filled in on why I was gasping for air from laughter she also began to laugh hysterically about the fly by crapping. When Laochra returned from the bathroom Frisuer and myself tried our hardest not to laugh, but it was just way too funny. We did eventually order our food and head back to our seats while watching overhead in case the birds wanted to make a second bombing run on Laochra.
Light and consciousness playing like fish on a zebra-fin-lake
Not wanting to chance a repeat performance in public, I took a few hours of leave and embarked on what must've been a very wooden and deranged-looking walk about the neighborhood to calm myself down. A retired lady walking her dog eyeballed me suspiciously from the opposite end of the street, but then an older man with a T-shirt reading, "When in doubt, sing loud" greeted me warmly. I'm grateful to that man and his T-shirt for steering me back toward the living. The walk worked just enough for me to make it through the rest of the workday.
Yesterday I was watching a repeat of Cupcake Wars on the Food Network and it made me crave a cupcake. Being on a 'healthy eating plan' (the 'D' word is taboo in this house!) makes cupcake cravings slightly tricky and after a flick through my cupcake cook book collection there was not a single recipe for a low fat version. I decided to use a normal recipe and make them in mini cases, the theory being the smaller they are the healthier they will be. I also replaced the softened butter with low fat spread, a step too far in my book! There is just no substitute for that butter flavour.
you knew how to save money! you knew how to not only survive, but THRIVE in hard times! you would look at today's circumstances and tell me to 'buck up' politely. 'you have so much more than i did' you'd say. you'd remind me how you left school in 8th grade to start cleaning rich people's houses, just to make ends meet at home.
The nature of money and how it is created has been central to the matter of economic governance for centuries. This history is recorded extensively by Carmack (1998), both in book form and in a set of video tapes. The issue of money generation has been dealt with in detail by Michael Rowbotham (1998) and even more recently by Huber and Robertson (2000). We may well ask why we would want to have monetary reform. Some answers that emerge are the following:
my hearts for everyone of you!
It was the first and only time that she had felt something, something that she at first didn't recognize. The world that bowed down at her feet, the world that groveled and crawled for her, the world she kicked in the teeth time and again out of sheer spite, suddenly had turned upside down on her. It had turned her upside down and for the first time left her unsure, reeling, her head in the clouds, her eyes tearing, not from his fangs on her shoulder, not from the ways that her body responded with wave after wave of consuming, mind-altering pleasure, his treasure buried, unhurried, deep inside her, drawing out her cries, her sighs, but from the sudden inexplicable way that her mind and body had responded to his touch, so much so that it had left her terrified, feeling more alone than ever before when he unexpectedly seemed to turn away from her, to choose another path. Rejection? Was this what she'd felt? Not so long ago she'd melt in his arms, his charms overwhelming her will, she still ached for him in those quiet moments that she forgot how much the world still hated her, spurned as if she wasn't the most powerful, most beautiful, most amazing woman that Oz had ever seen.
For he satisfies the longing soul,
it wasn’t me
We had a moment, that I hope will last a lot longer.
Obviously, these rules limit and restrict my reading, but when I do find a book or an author I like, then the experience is proportionately rewarding. It just doesn't happen all that often. I guess that is one of the prices a writer has to pay.
Vegetable oil, for cooking
“Not my area of expertise,” I replied. “I can tell you about comedians and Charlie Chuck’s ducks.”
BB10 – 2.5 million (average)
Junior: But they might not be going home.
And the (almost) finished product? I have to say...decidedly un-ghetto for all my corner cutting. The stripes are soft, I love the color combination and I think it's a nice tailored look for a baby boy's nursery. I had deliberated trimming it with some gray hem tape or pom-pom fringe but I think less is more in this case. I love that it gives the crib a more finished appearance AND some hidden storage space for unsightly things like boxes of diapers.
But food safety aside, simply monitoring the delivery of the meal program—in order to evaluate its success and make improvements—is an enormous challenge. Enter the techies at an Indian firm called Knowlarity who realized that while most schools don’t have internet connections, many people have cell phones.
6. Alive
The news broke last night that Palestinian activist Sheikh Raed Salah had won his appeal against deportation from the UK in the Upper Tier (Immigration) Tribunal in London.
When it comes to love, one woman is scaling back her expectations...
The Durer drawings are stunning, of course, as are the pair of wolves by someone else, forget who; but the real attraction for me is the beautiful, strange painting by Giorgione, entitled “Homage to a Poet”. It shows a Christ-like poet with a laurel crown, seated on a rocky outcrop, while devotees bring him tokens, animals wander about (as in the Titian) and a small, shadowy Virgin figure(?) lurks halfway up the opposite bluff. It’s all very static; the figures stand out somehow, as if collaged on, an effect I remember from Douanier Rousseau pictures at Bilbao a year or two ago. The shrubbery, dark at the front, lightening at the back, is sharply defined – just beautiful, and strange. The wall notes point out Giorgione’s regard for the work of Schongauer – maybe that combination of German cold clarity with the warm colours of Venice is the secret. Anyway, he’s my latest favourite Renaissance painter.
A few kernels of info to note: Due date is May 23. I don't have any recent belly shots—sorry. This is the most recent one from my baby shower when I was 34.5 weeks. Mini Mo has always measured a few days ahead with ultrasounds, but the last time measurements were taken was at
Well, Livia described exactly what happened, and she put it in her book – which I happen to have to hand, so you can read it! Whereas I will recharge my glass.
So, that's my BIG NEWS. I'm pretty stoked about it, if you couldn't tell. I hope you are too, and I hope you share this with everyone you can, because the more people who are excited, the better the chances of seeing The Immortal Rules on the silver screen.
Very best wishes to you and for your Bill,
Sal Marquez – trumpet, vocals on "Dinah-Moe Humm"
and Cinderella.
I stepped back inside and closed the door and began fishing again, jiggling my bait, trying to entice whatever took my bait earlier, to return.
My pal Christi lives over there. If you look out the window at Mount Pleasant, and imagine going over Mount Pleasant to the other side, turn left when you see the chickens, that is Christi's house.
Finally (yep, it's a long post), I've had a play with my beautiful monthly Scrapville pack - it's full of papers and embellishments by Scrapcake called My Private Happiness. Very different to my usual style (flowers?) but I'm really happy with how the card and layout have turned out:
It would be great if a portable device could be added into the equation. Imagine if there was an option that allowed you to do the same with your smartphone. Simply select the DLNA (or any form of wireless communication) option when walking into the living roon, and boom – the TV turns on and starts playing the movie.
Then it hit me. I can do all I want that’s good … I can talk the Christian talk … I can act like I know what Life’s all about. But bottom line, if it wasn’t for Jesus’ willingness to take what I deserve and offer me grace instead of judgment, it’d all be for nothing. Nada. Zero. I know that it isn’t cool to talk about messy things like “blood” and “judgment”, but that is the bottom line. I owe all my peace, sleep-filled nights, and tender heart to my Savior. Without his willingness to give himself as he did, I’d still be the pathetic wacko I started out as so many years earlier. But now I have another option; Grace.
According to her,she told me,she vomit non-stop.
So now y’know why the elites exploit the mass people, eh?
I believed that I had finally reached the Holy Grail: acceptance.
In A Rumour of God, Sibley balances stories about his personal experiences of spiritual awareness in the everyday with essays on scholarly historical, theological and philosophical insights into the topics. The alternating story/research pattern of his book makes the experience of reading it feel like taking a bike ride in hilly country. The reader begins with an easy coast down a gentle story slope, lured in by the effortless ride. Then the terrain changes to literary references and theological considerations, and the reader needs to work a little harder. These sections are well researched, thoughtful and necessary to the book, but some of the hills are long and steep, and the reader must coax himself to keep climbing. But just when he thinks he can’t pedal anymore, the crest of the hill appears, the promise of more enchantment beckons, and the reader keeps climbing knowing that soon he will glide down, head thrown back, into the reward of another compelling personal story.
4. Stamp saying to the right of apples. Use a mask over the apples and stamp the saying once on scrap paper before stamping as the cards background.
Green plants seem to soften things on mantels, bookshelves and tables....don't you think.?
Keep in mind that the point is not to be a robot. You can smile if you like, although this is best reserved for the sexual situations and can cause problems in the conflict situations. You can - in fact, you should - speak in normal tones. And you should react normally in non-hostile situations; acting like you're partially autistic isn't going to get you anywhere. The idea is simply that the hotter it gets outside, the icier you become inside.
It was one of those ridiculous things that started out as something small, a minor irritation, that got blown out of proportion. The thing is, it was really about a bigger issue that hadn’t yet been dealt with, head on, in our relationship. It hadn’t been dealt with before because it simply hadn’t been identified.
Also interesting this week was Ken’s fiction writing, surely something many a blogger can empathise with, and how uncomfortable he felt with talking about it at the party, perhaps in part because he knew he would get in trouble with it at work, albeit not from Don who respects the creative edge. Note however that the story of the bridge and the robot who removed a bolt only for the bridge to collapse killing everyone, served as a metaphor for the episode. Lot’s of characters trying to build bridges with others (e.g. the party, or Pete at the video class), but not succeeding in the way they had hoped. The most obvious of these was Lane trying to win the Jaguar account. Not only did the account get taken with him but he then got the fallout via his wife after the whorehouse incident. The line, and Lane’s delivery of it “he was caught with chewing gum on his pubis” was a classic, and a funny one, not only to the guys in the meeting room. Pete’s subsequent cruelness (and one of the reason’s Pete is never fully respected) leading to the fight was also hilarious. I was rolling about laughing as Lane rolled up his sleeves. I wasn’t sure he was going to win at first (perhaps humiliating him even more), but the idea was to teach Pete a humiliating lesson instead (and a beating he has deserved since the beginning of the show). As it turns out Lane managed to humiliate himself further with trying to kiss Joan. The way Joan opened the door and diverted attention to everyone wanting to beat up Pete, was both clever, emotional and well deserved. She respects him for what he has done for her, and how he welcomed her back, she recognised a minor moment of weakness. Mad Men, back on fine form this week.
Since 2008, the National Alliance published an update of "Who Rules America", which provides even more current information about Jewish domination of Hollywood, as well as the rest of the national media.
For the filling, bring the cream to a gentle boil and pour over the chopped chocolate. Keep aside for a few minutes.
Malika Zarrar: What obedience? They are making fun of us. They took this business of obedience from Justinian, and they incorporated it in the French law of Napoleon Bonaparte. That law was abolished, but we cling to it with our teeth, because there is no clear ruling on this in Islamic law. There is no such thing as obedience to a human being while defying Allah.
Stumbling across this recipe could not have come at a more perfect time! I purchased a family-size package of chicken breasts the other day and used the majority for my chicken scaloppine. I had three large chicken breasts left and what do you know...that's EXACTLY what this recipe calls for! :) My husband and I used to enjoy going out for the "all-you-can-eat" fajitas at the local Don Pablos...that is, of course, before we had kids! Dining out is quite the ordeal and not overly enjoyable with the two kids fidgeting around the entire time, so I was excited to find a recipe that claimed to create "the best chicken fajitas", so we could enjoy them at home!
As for me, I’m forty-one and the boy I met on the dance floor, Dave, is twenty-five. “I’m not so sure I should see him again,” I tell Denise. “I just want to live in the moment, and last night was a moment that has passed.”
“You have no idea where I am…do you?” “Uh…Oregon? Right?” (Another chuckle.) “Uh, yes…but I have to drive 20 hours before I get home. I stayed in a motel last night so I could make the second half of the drive today.” I was confused. This was the weirdest rejection…mostly because I couldn’t understand what he was trying to tell me.
Thought I'd jump on quick and share some projects I've made lately and some not so lately! hehe
FH: Tourist Information Centre. They start to get asked by customers.
I will leave the last word to George Eliot, who was well aware of Carlyle's Great Men but may have had at least as great an impact on the world as many of those men of war he championed. Here are the closing lines from Middlemarch, written about the heroine Dorothea:
1 tsp parsley flakes
Welcome to Five O'Clock Somewhere, where it doesn't matter what time zone you're in; it's five o'clock somewhere. We'll look at rural life, especially as it happens in Rio Arriba County, New Mexico, cats, sailing (particularly Etchells racing yachts), and bits of grammar and Victorian poetry.
By putting those few items into my pocket, I even did something that should have aroused suspicion but didn't. Then I paid for my items and left, and walked 1,445 steps home without being accosted, stalked, or shot. Like always. Trayvon Martin and I had a very different experience in that regard. In fact, as Donna Britt and her sons pointed out, my experience is different from the experience of virtually every other person in America who is not a White male.
Several foreign media reports have predicted that the Najib administration may have to postpone the 13th general election due to a possible negative backlash on the government over its handling of last Saturday’s protest.
When I left a few days ago I had bell peppers, cherry and Roma tomatoes, and egg plants growing. The sorano and pablano peppers were just about to produce, new cucumber and zucchini sprouts coming up. Unfortunately the six cantaloupes where torn to pieces by raccoons. This year I made a earthen dam around each plant in order to hold the water right where it was needed and let it soak down to the roots and watered each plant with watering can. This both fed the plants better and keep the garden from having many weeds.
Dance Africa has stood for over 30 years as a kick-off to Summer events in Brooklyn and throughout the city and it also the place for Great Culture, Great Food, Great Sounds all downtown in Brooklyn of course. After the damp grey May we've had it's time to get this Summer going!
Ekpan in Warri.
Then the sightings began. All those lost, almost forgotten children; kids who hadn't aged a day in all the years since their disappearance - like the teenage boy who still wore the same clothes he'd last been seen in, or the golden-haired little girl who still clutched that same doll.
Here there are some shots made using different apertures and focal lenghts to make you understand how it varies the DoF (the pictures in this example have been realized by Davidd):
But there’s a second type of reward for long-time viewers, and that comes in the form of character consistency. Long-running characters in soaps typically get plotlines or moments where what is significant is not a specific reference to their history but rather the fact that they act in a manner consistent with their character type. The most charming moment along these lines in the month I watched was when Annie Walker, the landlady at the Rovers Return (the requisite and iconic pub) chats up the obligatory punk rocker character and gets along with him well - a moment that is fun primarily because Annie Walker has been on the show since the first episode and it reconfirms her defining character traits of being gracious and discerning. What’s significant about this that, even though it is not a moment that depends on any long-term knowledge of the show, it’s still one that rewards it. It’s significant primarily if you have a built-up appreciation of Annie Walker. A similar moment appears in the first episode of December, in which Hilda Ogden, a character defined in no small part by her ability to irritate everybody else in the show, is shut out from a wedding reception. Annie gives her an opportunity to pick up a shift working at the inn, giving her a tacit invitation - another small character moment that is endearing because of the existence of prior investment in the characters as opposed to because of its own intrinsic dramatic tension.
FURTHER READING
Number one is that we are having a lot of fun with Indiana beers lately...Sun King Mai Bock will arrive for us on Friday, currently we have on tap Flat 12 Half cycle, People's Aberrant Amber, Founder's Double Trouble, North Coast's Old Rasputin Imperial Stout on Nitro, and Tank 7 from boulevard Brewing (a Saison).
And, just so this post doesn’t seem pointless to some of you, here’s another demon maid sprite:
"And I told you not to go in without me." His reply was low with his displeasure.
Based on the comic book series of the same name, The Adventures of Tintin finds adventurous young journalist Tintin (Jamie Bell) dropped immediately into a mystery involving a model sailing ship called the "Unicorn." He purchases the ship at an outdoor market, beating Ivan Ivanovitch Sakharine (Daniel Craig) to the punch, which in turn results in Tintin's apartment being ransacked and the model stolen. Fortunately for Tintin, before it was stolen the mast had been broken, revealing a scroll that was hidden inside, a scroll which the thieves don't see. Unfortunately for Tintin, he puts the scroll in his wallet, which gets stolen by a pickpocket.
Before we got completely packed up a snow-ball fight broke out, so there was much running to and fro and dodging of icy projectiles. Eventually we got the tents taken down and packed up and ready to head back down to the trail head.
All of this isn’t to say the “face of the team” player isn’t extinct. Instead of Jordan, Reggie Miller, and Magic we have Kobe, Peirce, and Dirk. Guys that will only be remember with one logo in mind. So this constant changing might not be your cup of tea, but try to enjoy it. If anything, it’s a thrill to see a LeBron change location, or a Deron Williams put on another uniform. Look at the bright side, no team is so bad that they cannot improve through trades and pickups! Look at the Knicks, Heat, and Nets last year. Now look at the same team, and look at the excitement these additions have added. See? It’s not that bad, dad!
Capitalism goes into a spin, governments try to bail out the lenders who lent, governments can't raise enough money to pay back the people who lent them money, crisis crisis crisis. Everyone owes owes owes. Crisis crisis crisis
All of us, except for one very fortunate sibling, have gone through the pain of divorce. There have been extreme highs and devastating lows...but throughout it all, the years have left one thing remarkably unscathed and that is our bond of being brothers and sisters. That is not to say that we all get along 100% of the time. But, we have a connection that transcends time. There is a part of each of my siblings tattooed on my very soul that can never be removed. As we sat at this dinner and relived old times and laughed and teased each other, anxiety melted away. No one argued. We didn't try to outshine each other. We didn't check each other's bank accounts to see who had the most money. We didn't brag (well, maybe about our kids & grandkids...but just a little) or share past woes. We just ate and sat and enjoyed each other. I looked at each sibling as we ate and relived special memories in my own heart and mind as we grew up. For my youngest brother, I was his Tinkerbell. For my oldest brother I am forever his baby sister. For my sister, I was the irritating little sister whom she loves dearly now. For my other big brother, I am the sister he wrote a song about to make everyone laugh. And my other younger brother, he affectionately refers to me as his "twin."
And the girl within replied,
I worked with a group of middle-school students who felt they were being bullied. The students were referred to me by their parents because they where getting into trouble at school. Many of the students were receiving declining or failing grades. Some of them had experienced detentions or suspensions for fighting inside or outside of school.
As a tenured full professor and classroom teacher with a “3-3” curricular load of undergraduate introductory, intermediate, and advanced courses as well as graduate seminars, I have given deep thought to what should be going on “on the ground;” why, and toward what desired ends.
Thank you for Valentime's. Thank you for candy and for our house. Thank you for me being kind to Teagan and I like when I am kind and I want to be kind to Teagan every month. I just feel so great when I am kind and I like Valentimes and my fwiends and and my house and it's just so great and so good and all the time.
Cops everywhere outside Selangor club, lounging about smoking etc. Politely this time one said in Malay, 'sorry uncle all roads to LRTs closed'. 'How do we get home?, we asked. He shrugged apologetically and pointed down Jalan Raja Laut. Along the way, helpful people told us the only way out was the commuter train. Sogo, Masjid Jamek, and Pasar Seni LRT stations were all out of bounds.
This is the ninth installment in the Hike the Bible series reviewing major hiking trails in the Lands of the Bible.
Home Stylist
“We’ve never heard of such a case and it may be a new modus operandi to target vulnerable lone female property agents. It is really despicable that they’ve not only robbed her but also sexually assaulted her,” said a police source.
It is the time when I do really miss the summer weather this year.
That's right folks, this week got off to a cracking start as in my morning haste I tripped on the couch and broke my toe! There was some serious yelping and jumping up and down, as I had Miss One in my arms at the time too. The result is a very bruised, very immobile pinky toe, and a very grumpy disposition. I would like to say that I am one of those "fiddle dee dee" types who can then carry on with a stoic smile, but I am being a bit of a sook. And I hate the way something so small can affect my mood so greatly.
A note: I just discovered fresh bazlama bread at the pazars. It is now my favorite food. It is so soft and fresh, kind of like a chewy English muffin. I will endeavor to start making it myself soon. Though, for one lira for 3 pieces it may be cheaper just to buy it.
19 Then he sent out a second on horseback, which came to them, and said, Thus saith the king, Is it peace? And Jehu answered, What hast thou to do with peace? turn thee behind me.
Easy Rider
Not your conventional looking paella, I thought I’d give one coloured in ink another go. Essentially just a seafood paella in cuttlefish ink, as usual it tasted a lot better with the wedge of lemon. I found that this one didn’t really have that cheesy ink taste but nevertheless it still tasted good. This one was not as generous in terms of seafood portions as previous ones however.
Some people think it is odd that Mom depends so heavily on (what they see as) "just a dog." Mom can explain what I do, but there is more to it than just my job. Mom and I have a bond that can't be described. I know when her body is failing her and can tell her long before she knows (human senses being as poor as they are and all :-p). Mom knows when I'm nervous, what my smallest signals are, even if I'm not feeling well.
3. Old Games
Not until you cast the dye of death in the air ..
To piggyback off of S's excellent escort card advice, (how beautiful were her candy apple masterpieces?!? SO worth the work :) I wanted to share an easy way to personalize escort cards that guests seem to love. My first tip is when possible, always find out the guests name. Go the extra mile even if your family and friend returned the RSVP card with the "And Guest" to find out who they are bringing. Adding their name to the RSVP card offers a very personal feel. Take the time to email, text or call your friend and family to ask who is going to be sharing the day with you all. This will help the "guest" feel at ease from the moment they walk in the door. It also becomes extremely helpful for you and your fiance when writing thank you cards!
Okay tell me. Are you a potty-mouth?
Now, I’ve pulled on the heart-strings of my friends to be in my movie – as after all, it’s just a really awesome reason for us to hang out before I leave New Zealand, so I can’t just expect them to be available at any given time! I used the web tool that any great filmmaker uses when organizing schedules, whenisgood.net. Boy did this help out a lot! I have managed to schedule in FIVE of the seven planned nights of filming into one week! Starting tonight!
The checklist 50 Classics for Your Closet, found at Matchbookmag.tumblr.com, has been repinned (including by me!) endlessly on Pinterest, and is one of those "items you have to have" lists that I don't really like as a whole, but often follow loosely. Just like the 10 classic items in Parisian Style that I am working on collecting!
This year has been an especially difficult one for advocacy. Our city and state budgets are a mess, and health and social service programs are on the chopping block. Actually, these programs are on the chopping block every year, deficit or surplus, but this year, our state and city deficits are so large that we may actually see some permanent cuts to programs that really help to save people's lives: drug treatment, welfare programs, child health, mental health, senior services, and homeless services. And, these cuts are coming at a time when more and more people need help.
Genre: Inspirational/physical & spiritual health
* Green Braided Daisy Medley
And like that, they were gone. Kristy and I sat there, silently, in that empty living room for what seemed like eternity. We both knew we had done the right thing. The horror that is our Query can never be unleashed upon the world. Too many people would suffer. Too many people would die.
as a display cabinet visible from both
I enjoyed Beatrice's Top Model-esque story and found it to be a fun, quick read. There are some pretty fun, catty moments in the book (yes, they're fun), and also that hint of seriousness to keep us cheering on Beatrice's future. This was a surprisingly enjoyable read that I could 100% see myself indulgently liking as a teen--as I do now. It all feels familiar, but is still a fun little book.
The Far East had always felt so distant to me, until I began my career in the fashion industry. Working in fashion has enabled me to connect with many Chinese vendors and business people, so it was only a matter of time before I would be embarking on my first trip to Hong Kong. In 2008 my boss informed me that I would be joining the design team on their semi-annual development trip to Hong Kong. The purpose of the trip was to begin development for the 2009 Spring/Summer collection by visiting our agents and new prospects in Tsim Sha Tsui, at the heart of the city’s busiest commercial, shopping and business hub.
This is a really inexpensive & creative way to incorporate words into your projects.
So by my estimates, Gusman has a fairly low census right now, which means his operation is functioning on a lot less money these days. That makes him more vulnerable to federal attempts to get his signature on the Consent Decree, which is coming for absolutely sure.
“The First Amendment includes the freedom to observe and document the conduct of government officials, which is crucial to a democracy and a free society,” ACLU Massachusetts staff attorney Sarah Wunsch concluded in the advisory. “We hope that police departments across the country will draw the right conclusions from this case.”
I came home one day, after about a week of harassing-yet-informative phone calls and 5 days after surgery to remove the lifeless fetus from my womb, to find my man gone. He left a note, stating that he was ‘uncomfortable’ with our living arrangements, and needed to get back home to his son……
Food WasteThere is increasing awareness about the issue of food waste. A recent FAO report showed that 1/3 of the food for human consumption is being thrown away. In developed countries it is a result of overconsumption, broad assortments etc.
27 One Nation under Clod
This photo of a painting shows the crews are still at the guns for the moment but their drivers are taking off without them before being overrun by the Stonewall Brigade and Stuart's cavalry. Many men and horses were already shot down at this point, and without the horses the guns could not be brought off, so they were lost.
A: A couple of things. One, to set what the priorities for the state are going to be and build your budget around them. That's what the private sector does, and that's how I approach it. Clearly look at the two most important things we do, keep your children safe and educate your children. That'll be the driving factors. Add to that our requirements in public safety. And add to that our requirements in public health and infrastructure....It's the government's role to keep our children safe? And that comes before educating them? And where do parents fit in here?
A Grandmother of a classmate made the most adorable dress
"Peanut butter, jelly spreeeeaaad out!"
13th: 우리 생애 최고의 순간 (Woo-ri Saeng-ae Choi-go-eui Soon-gan/Forever the Moment, 2007)
If you are ever left with nothing, but you manage to salvage some plywood, some 2x4s, plastic sheet, duct tape, staple gun, a hammer and some nails, you can make a pretty acceptable shelter until you find something better. People in third world countries and now tent cities in first world ones do it all the time.
"-you gangster bitch. And see what they do."
This hallway was the only spot with it down here (yes, I am still writing from the basement)
We had the most awesome Australia Day. What has turned into an annual event, our Australia Day Barbecue has proved to be ever popular & hugely fun once again. For having so many people at home - about 30, it is still one of the most relaxing days of entertaining to be had. It was awesome weather. We had so much awesome food & lots of awesome company. It really makes for a pleasant day. The tribe of kids had a blast with each other. They all had great fun under the bubble sprinkler & making apple juice out of lemons. Hmmm... interesting, but kids can do almost anything they put their minds on so I won't argue with any logic that is behind such a thing.
just let me do wanna wanna do
Fuller Smith & Turner PLC Fuller's London Pride
Butter curler (for butter curls)
The thought of running a spring break never occurred to me. I trained hard and got my first sub-2 half in New York but once that was over, I wouldn't have been able to bank the mileage for a spring marathon no matter how desperately I wanted to.
Then, when I started no 'poo-ing, it made my forehead and around my mouth break out a bit. And this time I knew the culprit. I wasn't following the baking soda wash with the apple cider vinegar rinse every time and therefore was altering the pH of my scalp and face. BIG NO-NO!
Sawyer: the men came out strapping - you can’t
The attention that is paid to Pickle often leaves Gherkin shivering on the sidelines. At times, I imagine, with a wry smile and an irrefutable sense of ‘what-about-me?’.
But I had so much fun working with this awesome kit and I look forward to doing this again! The colors were definitely a challenge for me as I have never worked with Orange in any part of my life...I don't own anything orange (except for a few beads now) and that's why I chose the orange kit!
Eventually we made our way back to the station for the train to Bromsgrove.
In the fall there will be a new show on NBC called Outsourced. In our country where we are at plus 9% unemployment and are also in what some would say is “under siege” by the undocumented worker, this subject is one that gets many Americans in a really bad mood. For good reason, I might add. With that being said, there is a dynamic that doesn’t come up nearly enough in this debate though. Why don’t we outsource to more American made, owned and managed businesses?
boy meets girl. girl is on a quest to destroy the man who destroyed her family. boy and girl go on quest. bad things happen. ROCK FALLS EVERYONE DIES.
and i was a little late to accept things and too quick to resist resist resist.
Yes, I am that crazy. I am going to attempt to do two monthly workshops--one at my home and one about 30 miles away each--each month on top of everything else. PRAY for me. HARD.
Actually, understanding the context in which they are hearing my words now makes my attempts a bit easier, a bit more clear. Now I at least know that when I start working with a new group of teenagers, I need to be extremely careful to not invade their world with my adult arrogance and to not try to rape them with my “wisdom”. Because then I will only prove to them that I indeed am from that tribe and the war will start.
As for me, I'm ready to shut up and go quilt!
The best way to envision your success is to not think in the future, but to realize in the present.
1.While making the dough ,it may b little sticky and soft so dont worry , just wash and dry your hands and rest the dough for 2-3 mins and then u can apply some warm ghee over the dough and make balls.
she is come aforehand to anoint my body to the burying
Get ready to meet Sarah, a gal that loves the beauty of vintage finds even more than I do! Today she is sharing a bit about her unique business along with some amazing and inspiring wedding photos!
“For receiving the mercy of Kṛṣṇa, I surrender unto His energy (Rādhā), and for receiving the mercy of His energy, I surrender unto Kṛṣṇa.” Also in the Ṛg Veda (1.22.20):
I laughed at (with) one lady who walked right up to me and said "Oh you're the one who had the quilting accident!". I swear I've never seen this person in my life. Whitehorse can't be that small, can it?
On the other hand, I think that the rewards of an academic life are not likely to be financial. Rather, the rewards lie in the intellectual pursuits of academic work and the challenges that occur during the time that one is a graduate student. These intellectual pursuits are a privilege that graduate students enjoy, and perhaps no other occupation has them. Sure they are combined with long hours and little pay, but I think many students sacrifice these things for the possibility that they will discover something new, and forever add to scientific knowledge.
Wordgame (18 words);
When I was printing them out, I had the feeling that it was going to be a little bit "risky." What if one child wanted one that ran out? Would he or she have a little "fit?" I was pleased to find that none of that happened! The children were exceedingly happy with the idea of actually getting to CHOSE what they were going to do in math, because that NEVER happens, LOL! WOW. I can't believe that I had never thought of that before! (Duh!) I really should have done that with the Counting Creature Addition Worksheets, too, since they are set up exactly the same way! (Double Duh!) I don't know why I never thought of that before. It's the perfect solution for children that need to feel that they have ownership in their day, and who like to believe that they are in control- but they're not! :) By the way, if you missed my blog post on the Counting Creature Addition Worksheets, along with the free sample for that package, click here.
Another baby food annoyance? I can't find organic prunes, plums, or dried plums anywhere either, so I have been buying jarred prunes. Target was out of 2 brands of organic prunes on Saturday (so I am clearly not the only food conscious mom noticing the fresh shortage whose baby needs prunes to crap effectively now that he's on food besides just breastmilk), so I picked up the Gerber brand (Gerber- never touch that processed stuff), and the organic food line is FULL of added garbage. I ended up with some Gerber conventional prunes (GASP!) because the only ingredients are prunes and water. Moral: don't buy Gerber organic.
*The UDI “Unidad de Inversion” is a unit of value which linked to inflation and can be converted to pesos. The value of the UDI is posted daily on the Mexican Bank Web Pages.
The Rogers family just barely got their bags unpacked from bringing home TWO RR treasures before they raised their hands to go back again... THEY ARE THE FAMILY GETTING BERNADETTE AND MASON!! How can we not support them?? We screamed LOUDLY for someone to cross the ocean and they RAISED THEIR HANDS HIGH! Please drop some funds in their bucket to help them!! PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE - They have so much left to raise!! Plus, I am so excited to think that these two precious treasures are going to be living in MY STATE!!
Settling down to family creation,
Whether you know one word to one, single song or not.
I am sure, that like me, this weekend you really must get some shopping done. I have not stepped one foot into a store yet this year and will have a lot to make up for! Thank the powers that be for online shopping and free shipping is all I'm sayin'.
If anything has been brutally clear in whatever time I’ve spent working in the private sector, it’s that no matter how good of a person you are, or how loyal you are to your employer, if cuts need to be made, they will be made, regardless of your commitment and dedication.
In a separate survey component, the study also found that the American public in general is culturally divided on what “scientific consensus” is on climate change, nuclear waste disposal, and concealed-handgun laws.
One of the best pieces of advice I've ever applied to all of my go-kits is simply a bar of soap, a wash cloth and a hand towel. A Steward (which is more applicable than 'flight attendent')I knew who worked aboard a billionaires private jet remarked that "hot soapy water, a nice soft towel and a clean face and new shirt can literally change your mental ability to work a 20+ hour day". He is very very right. I consider just as important as my night scope to be honest.
The couple's daughter, Hannelie Warren, said on Monday they also tried to gouge out her dad's eyes. The robbers apparently said they didn’t want him to see again and identify them to the police.
Long story short: My cousin messaged me on Facebook and chews my ass out.
The Koetong has been given the title of ‘the highest hotel in Victoria’ but what really caught my eye was Kelv’s description of the pool table rules. “20 cents a game – payable at the bar because the coin mechanism broke about fifteen years ago!”
Maybe that's where the "PLUS" comes into play.
This will be discussed with you if you are selected but rest assured that our current Design Team members chose to continue on with us after their first year ..hey we must be doing something right.
8) Any plans to ride the ‘Bike Hall Contest’ over in the Czech Republic at the end of the month? Bike Hall Contest!!! I`d love to go, but it’s not going to happen because I have to do something else in Romania… It’s a good thing it’s not a street course, I`d be hanging on a rope under a bridge!!!
Then, in 1973, they sent Smyth to St Patrick’s psychiatric hospital in Dublin and, in 1974 to a centre at Stroud in England that dealt with abuser priests. In 1989 he was referred to a consultant in Dublin. Abbot Cusack recalled that Smyth had been “very difficult to deal with”.
Turn a simple cup of tea into a celebration to indulge all of the senses! These beautifully packaged tea sachets are the hottest gifts around. Present them as guest favors or serve them at your next event, for a truly unforgettable display. Whether you are planning a small tea party, a formal banquet or your own wedding, our tea sachets will add an elegant touch and are sure to be a conversation piece. from www.beau-coup.com
While today, April 15, is when they are usually due, because it falls on a Sunday, and because there is some holdiday in DC on Monday, taxes aren’t due until Tuesday. Since I always get money back, I don’t sweat that deadline! But if you are, I send you good tax juju and a happy return!
A bill that would reform how judges are disciplined won unanimous approval from the Tennessee Senate Thursday, as lawmakers accepted a compromise meant to increase the legislature’s oversight of the judicial branch, reports the Tennessean. Senators voted 30-0 to replace the Court of the Judiciary, which reviews and rules on complaints against judges, with a new 16-member board appointed by judges, legislative leaders and the governor. The unanimous vote increases the likelihood that the House would sign off on the measure, though a final vote has not been scheduled on companion legislation making its way through that chamber.
6) Add the apple cider vinegar and mix evenly and now spoon them into the cup cake mould.
Bee Gees I started a joke AUS
After reading all 7 books I really wanted to reread all of them, but it took me almost 5 months read all of them and there are so many other books that I want to read as well. So I have downloaded the audio version of all 7 books and have started to listen to them! Listening to this story sure makes laundry, ironing and doing dishes more fun!! Well maybe not fun, but certainly bearable!! I am almost done with the 1st book and I have been listening in the scrapbook room as well. I HAVE SAID IT BEFORE, BUT I WILL SAY IT AGAIN-I highly recommend these books, some of the best writing you will ever come across.
You want an affordable St Emilion? Try a wine from the neighbouring appellation of Côtes de Castillon instead, or even stray just outside the Bordeaux region to nearby Bergerac and try the lovely Domaine des Eyssards 2007 from Waitrose – it’s made from the same grapes just down the road, is a fraction of the price and delivers a far more enjoyable glass of wine than most cheaper St Emilion.
I know you’ve been discouraged and you’ve made mistakes, but that’s okay; that’s how you learn. You’re learning patience, you’re learning perseverance, you’re learning how to make decisions.
Chance is an Australian Terrier who became family after being rescued.
Then they handed me our boy. The boy I was certain would be named Noah or Benjamin. We looked at him and knew this was Luke. He came ON his Grandma Bolte's birthday! He was just over five pounds and the most miraculous thing I had ever seen. And to this day I look at that boy in awe.
Likewise, when Steve Jobs died, he did so with more money than you or any of your “job alliance” buddies – ten times more than most of you, in fact. And upon his death the entire nation went into mourning. We set up makeshift shrines to his brilliance in front of Apple stores from coast to coast. His biography flew off the shelves and people bought Apple products and stock shares in his honor and in his memory. Does that strike you as the action of a populace that hates success?
They are new every morning; great is your faithfulness.
Rivonia Unmasked: The True Story of Nelson Mandela
I coloured in with flex/pro markers then decoupaged the little cats.
But I remember Pettigrew long before 2000, because he was a mainstay of US international squads long before that. As a matter of fact he ran 44.27 as far back as 1989 when he was the world leader on the clock over all time greats Butch Reynolds (44.30), Danny Everett (44.36), and Steve Lewis (44.47) among others.
3 tbsp olive oil
If I was asked where I am going
Angel Rivera (Reclusiveracer): Did you enjoy working on this image, or did it take a toll on you to finish this image?
My understanding thus far is that SKM combines the use of social networking platforms with the ability to store, retrieve and contribute to documents, discussions, and other points of “knowledge”, within a particular community. A simplified example of this, I guess, would be using a Facebook “group” to plan an event with four of your friends – within this group you can store documents, access those documents, host discussions, send group messages, invite others from your extended networks to join and add their insight, and so on. The premise is that by combining social and collaborative tools, group members (or employees in a business setting) can work on documents, share ideas and talk to each other in a virtual/online space, to share and improve upon their own knowledge, and consequently increase the knowledge of everyone within the organisation too.
It is a tale of true love, of a couple who’s willing to turn their backs on arranged marriages that will surely lead to simple lives, and who instead embark on a life together that’s full of hardship. Even through wars and deaths and the complete annihilation of the lives they once knew, they never regret their decision.
I have always got back up, after every fall of mine,
soundly in them
29But Peter and the Apostles, answering, said, We have to do the orders of God, not of man.
I like this.
Did the skin of Helen of Troy smell of mangoes?
“We can do it some other day if you wish”, I said.
degrees F. Line a 24-cup mini muffin pan with paper liners. Put the bacon pieces in a large skillet and cook over medium heat, stirring occasionally, until almost completely browned, about 4 minutes. Pour off the drippings and reserve. Sprinkle 1 tablespoon sugar over the bacon and cook, stirring, until the bacon is crisp and glazed, about 3 more minutes. Transfer the candied bacon to a plate; set aside until ready to use.
Jesus was the first of Heavenly Father’s children to be resurrected. Because he was resurrected, we all will be resurrected too. We may not be resurrected just three days after we die, as Jesus was, but someday we will be resurrected.
Yes, his truly was a tale of danger and intrigue.
11. On My Mind
Apsara-style wrist bracelets, and chunky gold, jewelled sash and belt. Rap superstars don’t rock this much ice.
Why would there be a need to emphasize the Mass as a meal? Was their a dire situation in the 1950s and 1960s that the called for better emphasis that the Mass is a meal? I would argue in the no. As we can clearly see from our local parishes there are less people who believe the Mass is a Sacrifice let alone the Real Presence. What we have today is increase abuse and decreased belief in the Real Sacrifice and Real Presence – this would indicate that emphasizing a meal aspect was exactly the opposite way to go.
So they provide the porta potties. All lined up on the back of a truck.
On Sunday we had a jam packed day planned. Luckily, the Spring sunshine decided to pay us a visit, if only in short bursts.
Today I was thinking, as we prepare to go see Percy Jackson (for a third time in the theatre) at the local theatre that is running it this week for $1 per ticket as a "Kids Summer Movies" promotion...
A-ha was the first Norwegian band to hit the US charts with the number one song Take on Me.
I cannot wait to show you some of the things we discussed - soon my pretties, soon. Let me get a new home and internet and I will be there!
Even so, this was very nice.
I was in very low spirits for a little while after we got off the Lazy River and Jen and Melida went down “Big Thunder” (this monster.) They tried to convince me to go with them, but I was too scared.
Yet, to think that Collins might not have made all those dumb-ass moves if he didn’t see Bochy try to outstupid him Friday night.
Here are the birthday cakes from last year. I put them in a slide show to make it a little easier to view.
From belly to finger pious stares,
Notice the double use of “this generation”, which implies Jesus is thinking of more than the Pharisees in front of Him in His complaint against the demand for a proving sign. Indeed many interpreters think that this is an important turning point in Jesus’ mission, where He essentially stops trying to win over the general public in order to focus on completing the training of the disciples.(France)
LUCKY ME!!
life goes on no matter who falls behind,
Here's a scheduled post while I'm on my trip!
In an age, when terrorists will stop at nothing to hit their target and hit it hard and shoe and underwear bombs are serious issues and not late night comedy, we must invest in the technology tools like pre-crime screening to help us identify those who would do us harm, and continuously work to filter them out before they attack.
Honestly, yesterday I don’t even realize about the similarity yet. But my dreams open up the curtain to my past, and I saw him inside. And when I think about it, she really resembles him a lot. And I thought, Wow, It always amazing that dream can be a messanger for my inner thought. I must confess that subconcious mind of mine is the one whose understand me the most.
Huh? They still make those? Really? So as I scampered around the store, wouldn't you know that they had a seamless and promise to show no lines, guarantee to thin you by two sizes, spandexly happy version of the modern day girdle.
We argued, and she wanted to know why I'd been spending so much time with her if I wasn't interested. I made excuses. We continued arguing as we walked to the library, and soon I left. We talked a little more in the days that followed, but it had all changed, and we couldn't really be friends. She sent me a Christmas card that year while we were on break with a joke about the insane Virginia Woolf book she had to study for her lit class the last semester.
As Karna grew up, he became more interested in the art of warfare than in merely being a charioteer like his father Adhirata. Karna met Dronacharya, who was an established teacher in the art of warfare. Dronacharya taught the Kuru princes, but refused to take Karna as his student, since Karna was a son of a charioteer and Dronacharya only taught Kshatriyas, or warriors. (another case of elitism in education system and deep arrogance)
So, I think this is just classical practice in sales promotion for retailer. But, the different is this program use SEO Contest to buzz the idea of “Promo Indonesia.”
"Both sides, not just the Democrat side, even if the laws were upheld or struck down, there is a 5-4 conservative majority, and historically you see Republicans picking justices who have a greater propensity to gravitate to the left than you see Democrat judges propensity to gravitate to the right," Erikson, also a CNN contributor, said. "This will be an undercurrent issue for both sides, though."
She loves her husband. He's going after the Presidency. If she didn't do everything in her power to help him, there will always be the ' what if?' question.
Right of initiations
Thecla's personality, which later we learn is often petty and cruel, is important not so much because we "witnessed" her torture and suicide, but because of a recurrent theme in this volume, one that was hinted at earlier with Dorcas's rising from the pond: resurrection of the body. A great many of the events that occur in this volume revolve in some point around the resurrection of the body or soul, or conversely, around the decay and corruption of both body and mind.
The wellbeing of a nation, of a people, is about much more than economics, it’s about how a nation walks together, about how we rub along, agree and debate and decide the way forward. I can’t understand why, as one of my SNP colleagues put it, some politicians don’t appear to want Scotland to have an economy fit for independence even before it happens, but I don’t think that it’s the most important point in the debate. Poets contribute as much as economists, engineers as much as programmers, it’s a collective effort that drives a country forward and it seems that the impetus to drive Scotland forward is missing from the UK agenda – not out of conspiracy or evil intent but merely because Scotland’s interests do not align with those of the UK.
Sebastian Bach (Skid Row),
Enjoy.....
That night I participated in my first black Friday shopping experience. Barry had been going crazy looking up black Friday deals all week, and there were some items he had to have that were going to be on sale Thursday night. (Although these items will have to remain anonymous until after Christmas.) I couldn’t believe how crazy it got!!! Seriously wall-to-wall people. I thought we weren’t ever going to get out of that store. But after it was all over I’m actually glad I was able to experience that at least once in my life.
Now that she is gone I have been racking my brain for things I should have said or done but can come up with very little. Which is incidentally what I said right after her death. Sometimes there is very little to fix and there is a profound lesson in that. The opportunity to practice love and compassion is of course always present but I often miss it. With her I didn’t, for which I feel a tremendous gratitude for today.
*****Giveaway closed*****
I adapted the recipe from her book. Her website shows a different recipe that I might have to make in the near future, too.
Nicholson Baker's The Fermata is a strange read . . . awkward and hard-to-categorize, much less review. It's comprised of equal parts literature, science-fiction, romance, comedy, erotica, and memoir.
Look at the obese and superhero-obsessed narrator of Junot Diaz’s The Brief Wondrous Life of Oscar Wao. He goes 270 pages without committing to his own exercise routine. But then a “couple of months” later he’s lost twenty pounds. It took one sentence. Four pages and Oscar’s “fatguy coat” is gone forever. We didn’t even see him sweat.
:( Yep...our three little ones are sick. Well, Clif and I say they are sick. Dr.C still says that they are the picture of health.
Or so I thought. Rue des Rosiers is a legit pedestrians-only street in the Jewish quarter, so it’s largely closed on Saturdays, making Sundays a zoo. After fighting my way upstream for a few hundred feet (I really need to figure out my metric conversions), I spied L’As du Fallafel.
Then on Oz Day Eve, a simple painting activity to help warm into the festivities! I LOVE Australia Day!
salt
I can’t post my normal Monday weekend photos because it was a bit of an epic fail weekend where no pictures were taken. One of those weekends where things don’t flow quite correctly and everything seems a bit off. Nothing horrible, just not great.
North America.
I would also advise that you enter the Dene through a small gate at Avalon Drive just off the A69 just west of the junction with the A1 western bypass then you can follow a gentle downhill path most of the way. See map below.
For the past three decades, the UK has had a completely relaxed attitude about selling off its assets to companies based abroad. Indeed, most of the time, the swallowing up of yet another great British institution barely makes a headline.
All in the valley of Death
crisp air replaces smells of juniper,
Here's an example.
Welcoming yesterday's web-blocking orders, Geoff Taylor, Chief Executive of the BPI said
Occasionally, when the order size makes it viable, we do a drop in Shah Alam.
Bill Clinton said “Pessimism is an excuse for not trying and a guarantee to a personal failure.”
xoxo Sioux
Those shoes have served my admirably well. They gave me such confidence as a slowly built up mileage approaching my longer races later in the year. There were literally zero problems with them. They debuted on on Midnight July 4th Race where I ran really well for me at the time. With them on my feet, and with no Garmin at the time, I smoked my first Half Marathon- the Blue Moon Half in Palm Harbor with a 1:42. Way better than I ever expected. Then I had back to back 10k PR’s in them in November and December. I knew I put a lot of mileage on them by this point and that it was probably time for a change. However I held onto them for one more race.
How does your character’s family make her who she is? (Or make him who he is.) How do they bind her? How do they set her free? Do they add to her conflicts, either internal or external, or do they help her on her life’s journey?
Instead of being disappointed with expectations, live in the reverse. Such trials being seen to be needful are opportunities to demonstrate that the Lord is our helper in time of need. Such constant, instant reliance upon divine help does not so absorb the mind in temporal things but rather prompts to habitual communion with the Lord and His Word.
Darkthrone all started back in the 1980s in a small Norwegian town. Like most bands in this time ear, they were also influenced by Slyer and Celtic Frost. They signed with a record label called Peaceville Records and released their first album Soulside Journey. They were one of the first ones to get something professional recorded in that particular style.
Then , this is what you should do to win the digi of YOUR choice.
½ tsp. oregano
This OIC constitutes the largest voting bloc in the United Nation. It had criticized the fact that Dutch judges had acquitted me of all charges in my court case. But the Dutch government made it clear to the OIC that freedom of speech will not be muzzled in the Netherlands. It told the OIC very bluntly: “The Dutch government dissociates itself fully from the request to silence a politician.” Never before had a European government had the courage to confront the OIC in such a forceful way.
“Well young man, ready for your first challenge?” he boomed.
I’ve also decided (later than I should have) that it’s time to can the alcohol and french fries and try to put some more quality items into my body pre-race.
When I close my eyes what do I see myself doing - if I could control my own destiny, which I believe I have a part in...
I originally bought this lipgloss from the colour craft collection last summer. I liked it a lot, but like a lot of my lip products, I don't use it enough. I have used it on a lot of brides though and I think it's the perfect colour when used alone, or paired on top of Brave New Bronze lipstick (HG). I've used it a lot this past month though -- it's a very "mlbb" (my lips but better) shade for me. I'm glad that this was included in the December MAC sale's charity package, so now I have a few back-ups =P
Now that your book is naked, take it's measurements: Use blank paper to trace the front and back covers and spine. Then stand the book on it's edge, open it to the width you want your bag to open to, and trace that triangle outline all the way around the book, including a straight line along the front opening.
I tried to see that butterfly as a sign or a symbol of hope.
Colors :
Also on the Game Boy Advance I finished Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles on Easy difficulty. I did start the game on Normal, but it proved more of a challenge than I was expecting. The game has checkpoints, but when I restarted at one I only had a small amount of health left. Restarting that over and over again wasn’t any fun.
HOLE WARNING: (did I really just write that?) Be very careful of where you dig your hole. The first time I did this, it was after sundown and I was in a place I was not familiar with. I dug out my hole, placed my head inside and began to scream about what was bothering me. Soon, I felt little blips of pain on my hands and neck that felt like pins and needles. I am thinking, wow what a great job I’m doing, and look how fast this release stuff works. Soon my screams developed into blood curdling cries as I realized I had dug my hole close to an ant nest. Word of caution – bring a flashlight!
“Your foreign income will NOT be taxed in South Africa, however, you are compelled by South African Law to have an Income Tax Number, submit a return to SARS every year and declare your worldwide income,” SA Promo stated.
Pretty nasty stuff, to be sure and I agree with Glennzilla and his Rudeness that Obama's dogged continuation of some of the worst excesses of the Bush regime is despicable.
And, Miss Braylie, or Bray Bray, as Gracie calls her, is growing up. She learned to walk while we were at Disneyland. All of those lines to walk back and forth between the handrails while we were waiting, I guess.
It is the hardest time of the year for me, my biological clock is set to Pacific time, I grew up in the Pacific Northwest, and it is where my clock was set growing up. So moving to Utah 16 years ago was a little hard on my system, and you think I would have adjusted by now (It is okay when the clocks go backward) but I haven't and I really struggle to get my brain to bed at a reasonable hour and an even harder time getting it to wake up in the morning. This isn't helped at all by the fact that I am a hard core night owl!
The idea behind the contest is to share your 'Mom Cave' and how having your own little Nirvana Space keeps you sane and organized. According to designer Elaine Griffen there are 4 Mom Cave Essentials:
Preheat oven to 350°F. Lightly grease a 10″ tube pan or a 10″ square pan.
The publishers demand is significantly less than the pool of available work. There are a lot of writers out there trying to get noticed. Most of them are probably really good. I don’t know if I believe in luck, except for the lottery, but I do believe in hard work and working smart. This is how to generate results. I do understand the position of the publishers. Why take on someone that is unknown without an established following, when there are a lot of authors out there that already have a built in readership?
The process for scholarships I am less familiar with, but understand: full rides are extremely rare and take a lot of work to get.
Develop and formulate new TTAB practices and procedures, and ensure dissemenation of the same to USPTO personnel via official notices, training materials and revisions in the TBMP.
Had placed that bell on the Inchcape Rock;
mixes. We take great pride in a sanitary and
I'm not sure if it is going from one child to two that has made it harder this year, or it is the fact that Grayden has special needs, but I am really feeling torn this year. So my wheels are constantly ticking about how things could be different, what we could do to make life a little easier. What makes it hard is the not knowing. Not knowing how much "extra" stuff Grayden is going to need or how much extra time that it will take. This year has been pretty full of doctor's appointments and lots of running to and from daycare for appointments. I am told that the doctor's appointments will slow down as Grayden nears one year in age; however I have a feeling that the intensity of therapy may increase as he begins to get near being upright and mobile.
First of all, I want to tell all you lovely readers that I’ll probably wont have that much time to post stuff in this blog during the upcoming days. I’ll try, but don’t expect to much. But I’ll be back as soon as I can.
I'd like to end here with a few pictures. We don't get tons of good ones since the boys hate sitting still, but these are some of my favorites.
Each day is like a new adventure watching you learn and discover things.
In the church by the cemetery the organist Armand still occasionally opens the stops but is also another advocate of 'the party of the future' ('It has no meeting place, no subscriptions, and yet it exists as surely as you or I. The party of the future. The party of the past. There may not be much time left to decide what side you are on.') and along with a group of fellow conspirators he dubs Baratte with a new name, Bêche (French for spade). And finally (for you, for now: there are even more characters than this) a pair of doctors are detailed to document the bodies being lifted from the ground, one of them a certain Dr Guillotin.
I discussed my symptoms with the doctor and after his biofeedback testing he said my pancreas, liver, and basically the rest of my body were really stressed. He said my body had been operating at such a high stress level for such a long time (aka college) that I had basically "blown the electric breaker" so to speak. The stress was not only situational but also dietary. He suggested that I try this regiment to determine whether or not I have a food allergy or sensitivity.
It was almost dark when Ann spoke.
Or maybe we don’t forget them, maybe we just get too busy or too grown up or we move on to the next thing for a while.
By aggregating all of the data across all of the prospect lists, the Rays Index people use meta-analysis to tell the fan something interesting. For example, all of their sources list David Price as the #1 prospect on the Rays. Half call Tim Beckham as the second-best prospect, another third of them say it’s Wade Davis, and one guy says it’s Desmond Jennings. And so on.
Ic, Ic--Activity Report, Part III.
Why am I telling you all of this? I want to tell you a story about my friend Patricia and how someone made the effort to know her. I met Patricia 3 years ago my first time around at Starbucks. She had just transferred from California and had very little. From day one, I knew we would be good friends. I soon found out that Patricia was a new believer and really desired to grow though it was hard in this new environment where she knew no one. I did what I could to get her involved and to minister to her before I left for Ecuador. Just yesterday, Patricia and I went out to lunch to catch up. I found out she was going to Bent Tree Bible Church and loving it. As I inquired as to how she started going there, she told me about one of her customers. The customer had taken the time to get to know Patricia as she came in every day. The week before Easter, she invited Patricia to go to Bent Tree with her. From the very first time she walked through those doors, she felt at home and so did her 5 year old daughter. Now it is her church home, she goes every Sunday, her daughters are involved in the children's ministry and Patricia helps out. Not only that, but she is meeting with a group of women who also work at Starbucks to have a weekly Bible study. I don't know who that customer was who began to minister to Patricia, but God used that to advance his kingdom.
The phone is the single most annoying thing in the world for me. I take calling people seriously. Answering a call as well. So if you decide to call me and then proceed to put me on you-hear-everything hold, I go nuts. No, I'd rather not hear your funny ha ha joke while I wait for you to tell me what it is that you called me for. Just hang up, do your shit, and call me back when you are alone and ready.
“I have no fear of this mafia, and I hope that Justice will make justice,” she said in court recently.
#153 making ice cold watermelon juice right after
22. Pretentious Assholes - Player Dog Rest In Peace
17. Name 3 things you drink daily:
It is a very common question from doctors who do abortions – as if carrying out an abortion in an emergency to save life somehow justifies abortion for each and every reason.
Obviously I'm missing the illustration's wasp waist. ha. Other than that, I really love it! Makes me feel like spring is coming!
Just in case someone dares to interrupt my beautiful day...all three phones have been silenced.
To borrow someone else's turn of phrase "U-turn if you want to" Peter Robinson, Ulster Unionists are not for turning.
And how very much
Oh, and stay tuned for Make It Crafty Christmas release hop tomorrow - you're gonna be wiped off your feel with the amount of pure talent out team sports!!
The first homeowner to be billed under a law that allows police to charge people got a tab for $23,000 last week.
1. Why are you working? What are your goals?
Oyster sauce, 1 tablespoon
I would say my Mom.
My how things have changed in four years! Abby loves everything princess…and so a princess party is just what she got. I couldn’t have been any happier planning a perfect princess party for my Abby girl:)
1 The tobacco giant has now took over the company, and could just dismiss the e cigarette altogether to remove it from retailers, to continue to try to stay ahead in the market.
2. What was the last thing you bought off of Ebay?
11 Still Life In Mobile Homes
And in the Holy Ghost.
and acrylic paint on burlap turns out to be working great
They hunted rolly pollies...
The Journey of Self-Discovery
In 2008 prices at the gas pump surged under President Bush and there was a lot of media attention to that fact, even though it was significantly less than the current rise in prices at the pump. Recently, the Business and Media Institute decided to study how the media covered the situation back then as compared to now.
After every draft all the draft experts, draftniks and fans rush to give their draft grades. I think that is a little presumptive since it takes ab out 3 years to really see how the draft actually turned out. What I decided to do is a Packers draft analysis outlining if the pick made by Ted Thompson. I won’t put a “letter grade” on the pick, rather give my opinion on if the pick was a good pick or a bad pick based on the fit and the player.
Ok, brief recap …
Reminds me
"But what about Montessori?" you ask. The Montessori method proposes that the focus is on the child, that the child learns with little interruption from the teacher (director), that children have rights, and that children should not be subjected to measurements like grading and testing. Well, that sounds pretty autodidactic and unschoolish, doesn't it? Except that all of those "autodidactic freedoms" occur within a rigidly controlled environment.
In the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with a paddle attachment beat the butter until very light and fluffy, about 5 minutes. Add the icing sugar and beat on low speed until the butter and sugar are combined. The mixture will be very thick. Add the Irish Cream and beat until very smooth.
Comment back, i would love to hear from you, my readers.
I've been really introspective these days, and not really in the mood for sharing, which I realize makes for a pretty bad blog. Lately I've alternated from feelings of extreme irritation and surliness, to tolerance and patience, and utterly unable to predict when I'll feel either way!
I went out to lunch, by myself. It was lovely.
Proofs are in the mail, and I'm told there will be cover art to weep over (one way or another) quite soon. I've also purchased the domain www.godswarbook.com, though I'm not sure how I'm going to maintain that in addition to this site, which... well... as you can see, isn't getting updated as often as it needs to.
5/21- PCW Extreme Political TV
Just dragging the task out, day after day,
We've all been hurt, wounded, beaten until we thought we could bleed no more. Then, another punch.
I'll be back in a few days. . .
Which is why I’ve finally got a whole chest! My lovely husband spotted this plan chest in an old furniture seller’s yard and snapped it up! This second-hand shop is run to help charities in Africa so I am delighted that I can not only rescue and recycle an old piece of school furniture, not only can I help out a charity, but I can also re-live my childhood and get masses of extra storage space to boot.
Permethrin is amazing, but you always need to remember that it is a neurotoxin. I made the mistake of underestimating the efficacy of the spray once and I definitely won’t make the same mistake again. I had decided to spray down the curtains in my room as that’s where the mosquitoes liked to congregate. Normally you only ever use this stuff outdoors, but with a whole field day and a powerful fan in my room I figured I would be ok. I did not however count on being turned around at the head of the trail by a landowner, and being forced into an office day. The machine that I use to analyze rocks is a pain in the ass to set up and move. For this reason its permanent resting place is on my desk, in my room…..10 feet from the poison soaked curtains I sprayed 60 minutes prior.
Here is a quick diagram of what it should look like when you cook three cheeseburgers for you and your poor college friends.
The reason this blog is called NAMA wine lake is grounded in the concern that NAMA might have an effect on property prices similar to the effect brought about by the policy which gives us wine lakes. Wine lakes after all are artificial economic stores of the produce of (mostly) French vineyards, and the policy objective behind wine lakes is to avoid flooding the market and driving down prices which might deter producers and lead to uneven production with shortages and oversupply in subsequent years. Its sibling, butter mountains, is the other visual product of the EU’s Common Agricultural Policy which was set up to ensure some stability in the production and pricing of a vital product – food. Wine on the other hand is not essential but nonetheless French wine growers in particular lobbied for, and secured, protection for their product. Unlike food, property is not an essential (when oversupply is an issue) and my great concern for NAMA at the outset was that it would distort the natural course of the market in dealing with oversupply and would lead to artificial support for prices to the extent that it would stagnate activity in the property market (transactions, construction) and act as a drag on wider economic recovery. We have been conditioned in recent times to regard surplus or vacant property in the State as a bad thing. But think about it from an economic viewpoint – we have constructed a vast national asset which should drive down housing and accommodation costs which should be a massive boost to competitiveness and the cost of doing business in Ireland, not to mention benefits to society where we can eliminate homelessness totally and increase the security and responsibility of citizenruy and there should be huge boosts to sectors as diverse as retirement/nursing homes to tourism. The new header graphically expresses the concern with NAMA, that it will prevent price discovery through propping up prices for a time but as time goes on NAMA itself may stifle the property market and the economy generally so that true recovery takes far longer. Also if you squint at the graph it looks like the topography of a lake!
There seemed to be four currents of argument running through the anti-comments that came in. When we asked to be shown “…how further corporate tax cuts will kick start our economy,” we got a lesson in the theory of corporate taxes. Yes, we understand the concept. We just weren’t sure where the proof was that cutting them further at this particular time was going to help. Unless you’re one of those anti-Keynesian absolutists, reducing spending along with taxes in such an anemic state of recovery doesn’t make a whole lot of economic sense.
This school district in Salt Lake City, Utah has activities, blank vocal cards, cards with the words, cards with words and a picture, and cards with the words, picture, and descriptions, templates, presentation materials, resources, and dual language resources. If you are already working with common core, or headed in that direction, this is such a time saver. Click here for their website!
1. They are from the Bronx
Paddlin’ Madelin’ Home: Isham Jones Orchestra (1925)
But I have talked in depth about the VC distribution model already. Now maybe Nintendo doesn’t want to use online distribution. While having low over head and a high turn over rate there are other methods that would benefit Nintendo greatly.
I’ve been adding ingredients to my marriage for 21 years and I recon it’s working quite well.
I know. It's crazy how long I've been MIA, but it's only because August has been filled with a crap ton of life. The good kind. That translates to consumption, people, if I'm honest: food, drink, adventure, work, love, and a little bit of heartache. Some things I captured in pictures, some I didn't dare. Here's the quick recap:
First, there is not a great deal of overlap in the three measures. No one stock is in the top five of all three. Second, the relative percentages are vastly different. The S&P, which holds 500 stocks, gives much smaller weight to the top five, as Exxon has only 3.56 percent. The top five have 12.32 percent. The Dow, with 30 stocks, has IBM making up 11.8 percent, with the three stocks shown here making up 22.78 percent. The two stocks in the NASDAQ which overlap with the S&P are Apple and Microsoft. Apple makes up 18.57 percent of an index that holds 100 stocks. Apple and Microsoft make up 27.56 percent of the NASDAQ. Lastly, the NASDAQ holdings here are all technology. The Dow is energy and what some call “old” technology (IBM). The S&P is also energy and old technology.
Because this dummy had (presumably) placed the little girl in to a tanning bed and the daughter had gotten burned. As of now, the child’s father has custody of her, thankfully.
Gort demonstrates his power repeatedly in The Day the Earth Stood Still—enough that we get the point. The humans he faces get it, too; and they couldn’t otherwise, because to look at Gort is not to be intimidated. He’s big, but soft-looking. He lumbers oafishly down the ramp of his flying saucer. His body resembles a silver spacesuit, topped with an oversized golfball of a head. Gort has no straight edges or points—nothing that cues a sense of menace in us. Moreover, we’re led to believe that, for all his destructive power, he’s simply a non-sentient tool, to be deployed and restrained by the sure hand of Klaatu (Michael Rennie), the wise, human-like pilot of the saucer that has landed in Washington D.C. in 1951. If we fear Gort, at least we know he (it?) is wielded by a learned, contemplative being. Unfortunately, none of this is true—not completely, anyway—and the results are a triumph for nihilist filmmaking.
Some of the best decorating ideas begin with a single piece of furniture, like a retro-inspired tulip table or chairs. Curvaceous and seamless, they instantly turn traditional rooms into stylish modern spaces. Used in living room designs or as a great addition to a home office, tulip tables and chairs first rose to popularity in the mid 1950s and have had major staying power ever since.
They will walk with you, every step of the way.
I have been working on learning “Christian” counseling methods lately so I can volunteer in that ministry area. I like talking to people and listening to them and their issues. I do it enough throughout the day, that I think it is a calling. I have even looked at going back and getting my masters in it so I can practice full time. So many full time things I think about doing, we will see how the volunteering situations pans out to see if it is the right direction.
(Apparently my opinion on this matter offended people as I got some pretty reude responses and people had to post as "Anonymous"!........I've decided to not write my opinion, even though it's my blog and I'm entitled to it!).........sorry to have offended you if I did.
The 5 reasons why you should be staying in Saas Fee for your winter holiday in Switzerland :
our landscape
I wanted to attempt to get my ideas from my head to a concept, since I haven't really been able to work on the nursery yet. Although the carpet should be laid within 2 weeks, the wedding is pushing up against that time, so I figure I won't get to really get going on it until after July 24th.
“Since the army routed them from their strongholds in cities, some rebels said they realized that even in guerrilla street battles they could not beat Assad’s tanks or artillery. The Syrian Liberation Army’s spokesman Qdemati said his group’s fighters were now focusing most of their attention on “manufacturing facilities” for bombs. “You are going to start seeing an escalation as we improve our techniques of bomb-making and delivery.”"
“Looks like I came from the… Wait… what?!” He froze once he found a large enough patch of sky to see the sun, glancing upward it hit him like a bag of bricks. The Sun was close, very close. Staring up at it he could see the huge ball of flame so well it felt as though he could reach out and grab it.
They will have brick firebacks.
Enjoying Spain but I am missing my Husband! Elijah stood just now for the first time on the floor. He has stood in bed but never on his own on the ground. I just pray Elijah doesn’t take his first steps here in Spain without my Hubstud! We will see…
1.) Eli and Emmy don't do well away from each other. Eli is already really upset that he doesn't get to go "bye-bye car"
"I love the novels of D.H. Lawrence," said the lady chattily.
Richard Monteilh, a city official under former Mayor Sharpe James, told the newspaper that closing the streets around the arena during events had always been considered. Unclear, however, is why that had not been previously discussed publicly.
When my ego is not requiring to be continuously reinforced I can drink the thousand things that I observe without sifting.
Ed Jr. and his wife Audrey and their two children Holden and Lilly were there, and Adam also stopped by; although he was only able to steal an hour or so from work, it was great to see him! In fact, although I had fairly recently seen the others, I had not seen Adam or "little" Eddie in at least 25 years, which is way too long! The only Robinson cousin that was missing from our gathering was Dan, who unfortunately had another commitment. Sandra served a tasty chicken cacciatore, followed up by a very decadent Tiramisu cake - yummy! Good friends, good food, good drinks = good times!
From Engagements to Showers, Anniversaries to Sweet 16, Fundraisers to Bar/Bat Mitzvahs, they can assit you with all facets of your event to make every party at Aria an occasion to remember. Check out their website www.ariabanquets.com
GEORGE TOWN: Police yesterday recorded a statement from Jelutong member of parliament Jeff Ooi Chuan Aun over his alleged involvement with a group purportedly trying to make Christianity the country’s official religion.
Speaker of the House John Boehner (R-OH) is expected to lay out a two-stage deficit reduction and debt limit package to GOP lawmakers at 2 p.m. today, and release make it available publicly this afternoon to allow for a Wednesday vote.
We Germans now carry a new burden of sin on our shoulders
They were the hard core who gladly forked out crumpled twenty-dollar bills in the hope that one day a united Ireland might become a reality, and not just another pipe dream fueled by chasers of cheap beer and shots of Powers Whiskey.”
I may have an overdeveloped sense of fair play, but I am going to get an ulcer if they keep this up.
So often we want our wilderness experience to be over with as soon as possible. For so many Christians they never move from Glory to Glory and Faith to Faith because they never embrace the necessary wilderness experience. Moses was in the wilderness for 40 years. Jesus was in the wilderness for 40 days. The time spent in the wilderness is depended upon our capacity to face temptation. The devil tempted Jesus for 40 days in the wilderness…the temptation by the enemy is a necessary screening process to see WHAT WE WILL GIVE UP and HOW WE WILL TRUST GOD TO PROVIDE.
Women should be able to persuade people without getting personal or straying from arguments and evidence. Standing up for your view should be easy for you, but don’t overpower the man just to get your way. Ideally, you should win arguments with him because your ideas are just plain more effective at serving God than his ideas. Of course, if you think he’s right, then go along with him, by all means. I have actually gotten to the point with two women where arguing is a recreational activity than always ends in compliments for them about how happy I am that I can be myself with them. And that’s what a man really wants, anyway.
Here is what our finished projects looked like:
Downtown Stuart is like a little cultural oasis. There are plenty of shops where normal people may actually want to buy something and food of every description. It would be impossible to visit and not come away with a fine meal and maybe some art, jewelry, or a trinket or two.
I'm not on the Handi Van committee anymore, since I left the OFH!
In the beginning I was excited if I received any responses for any post. Now I am thinking about upgrading my stat counter. I think this a big thing for a small, literary blog whose discourse is dreams, rare flowers, classical music, fine arts, twilight and poetic musings of a ghost.
Afro-Caribbean lady - ginnel calling
- Jodhpur is also known as the “Blue City” – due to its distinctive houses painted bright blue around
though we’ve made little progress,
Oh, and if you have a really small apartment or what not, most parks allow you to have a contained fire, so you can always burn stuff in a big soup pot, they clean up afterwards with only minor damage to the pot.
or i am up
5 Williams, Venus
She then proceeds to read it out and I rock in the foetal position for the like, oh, I don’t know, million years that it takes her to read it because it’s an ESSAY.
Tomorrow we are meeting some HE friends for a picnic, mini sports day, bubble blowing, circus skills, messing around and enjoying life kind of day. The irony of this is that we will be doing all of these things in a playground that was largely funded by the DCSF. It feels like a final bit of defiance in the face of that blasted rainbow that caused us all so much heartache last year.
Lame.
…are one of my favourite places to be.
I think I've said that phrase more times than my comfort zone in the past few days. I've been on my way to collecting 27 Bridesmaids' dresses and I think I'm learning more than I've bargained for, so much more.
I've been in a reflective mood lately... It came on full-force the other afternoon when Noah woke from his nap and called me, as usual, but I took a few minutes getting up to him. By the time I got upstairs, he'd slipped back into sleep... so I had a long several moments to just lay in front of his door and watch him sleep... to say a prayer about him... to think about him. How much he has changed my life and my soul. It was a beautiful little interlude.
Head over HERE (then click on Four Diamonds Fund, then click on 2008 Holiday Cards) to order your HOLIDAY CARDS all the while making a donation to The Four Diamonds Fund which is solely for CHILDHOOD CANCER! All the artwork on these cards was done by children being treated for cancer @ Penn State Hershey! And while you are at it....check out PENN STATE'S DANCE MARATHON. My sorority was a part of this event my senior year! It is a 48 hour dance marathon, there are teams and you get sponsors, etc. The 47th hour they bring out the kids! The cancer kids! And they dance with the team that personally sponsored them!
You must get this for your child
Harry Potter series by J.K. Rowling. I've heard J.K. Rowling disparaged before because she hasn't written anything since, but I would say she's not just a one-trick pony. Her world-building is spectacular. You can see her growth from book to book as she becomes more experienced and takes creative license as she gains her audience's trust.
It was on one of these walks that she made a discovery. The boy lived in her apartment complex. (Kickass!)
The United Nations has officially declared famine in Somalia for the first time this century, including in Mogadishu and four southern Somali regions.
So I became a media consultant.
Honestly, there should be a campaign to murder all those who smack their gum. It may sound mean, but there’s just about nothing more annoying in the world than having to listen to someone’s spit mixing with a rubbery substance while their jaw is smacking up and down. Yeah, I’m opinionated.
Your eyes suddenly feel prickly… vision is blurring… is that, a tear? What’s happening!? Is it possible that you’re… homesick?
So here is how we supersized. Shauna (my client) drew a 1x1' grid lightly on the wall. I took a picture of the segment of the Schumacher Chiang Mai Dragon we wanted to used and drew a grid over it to match the one on the wall. We then drew it in block by block. Sorry this photo stinks...
It’s not just the coffee and tea in Manchester that give the place a high-energy buzz. Of all the Cathedral towns and cities we have visited on this tour so far, it seems to have blended old and new most successfully. And you don’t have to be hip and trendy or a football fanatic to fit in here…
I already lost Carmen, Gloria, Delores, Ruby and Bess. Ugly Betty looked like she was going the same way, but she recovered and is now fine and frisky.
Full of magnanimity and verisimilitude, Sir David Walker, aka, The Red Knight, roved the countryside of ancient Europe, freeing slaves, slaying dragons, rescuing damsels, and clearing out the Great Big Enchanted and Evil Forest of all the evil in it.
Cuttlebug embossing folders- D'vine swirls and Snowflakes
Generally speaking, vessels are the essential vehicles for deliveries to destinations. Writing life’s pilgrimage, conduits and way-stations are surely more immediate concerns than any ultimate terminus. Being incurably intrigued, I wonder more about from whence my inherited words and ideas originate- before they pass through my hands and mind. We like to refer to treasures we convey as temporal, yet quite naturally regard them as eternal. It’s easy to take the immediately visible as all there is. It seems the intellect must make a pilgrimage of its own to the heart’s inlets and coves. As living vessels, how real are our conveyances? Are the experiences and artifacts less real than the container itself? As couriers, what are our contents? It is a relief to remind myself of my role as simply a good steward, when reviewing the archives in my charge- past and present. Historic treasures are to be dignified and made known. In life away from work details, there is a transcendent and widening journey. As with the ancient parable of the talents, the important thing is to invest and leverage wisely and conscientiously. While trying to imagine the destination, albeit knowing content and conduit will eventually be released, there remains every good reason to craft the cargo and its vessels with utmost care.
Just like Garrincha, Rivaldo utilised his unusual lineament and created a style that made him one of the most watchable attackers in a highly competitive era.
Quiz Zone
Well, this week the FYG and FYB made a valiant effort at cleaning up the garage. This meant they made paths through the chaos and put it in enough order that I can walk into the garage without screaming, bursting into tears, flinging myself to the floor and pounding my own head repeatedly against the concrete while wailing "I cannot clean this up!"
# Lactic acid helps maintain healthy digestive action (through the
I loved this song when I was in high school on the tiny island province of Prince Edward Island. Which is kind of funny because other than occasionally being allowed to drive the lime green Volkswagen that belonged to my then boyfriend, or swanning around in my mother’s boat of a Chrysler stationwagon, I wasn’t logging too many miles. What did I know, I was seventeen. Perhaps it was foreshadowing, because I’ve sure racked up the miles since, running into the sun.
What brought on these thoughts? I stumbled across this site this morning. I thought about all of the female Disney characters and how Mulan has always been my favorite. She isn’t perfect but she stands out; she’s different. She isn’t afraid to pursue something she feels strongly about, even with so many people telling her she can’t. And that is just so damn inspiring.
Some sources I found useful
We ate dinner at El Chico’s Mexican Restaurant in Wichita Falls. I had the #7…..
Finally, Maria will be missing from action for a while. She is looking forward to being a "bionic blogger" after her hip replacement. Have a speedy and uneventful recovery!
“But I think right now throughout the world we have to be like that on any of our ships,” said Guy, 35, of Virginia Beach. “That threat is there, whether you’re here or overseas.”
Luxury indulgences
Hips:48”- down 1 ½”
You: Already?
Dear (I will call him Alejandro) Alejandro, Blah blah blah, saw your profile on yahoo…blah blah…I’m not looking to date right now…blah blah…but was wondering if you are still looking for someone to meet up with? blah blah..not really wanting to give you my name right now, but I am from your town, blah blah blah.
"Am I dreaming now?" I asked.
Some batter had fallen to the bottom of the oven. I thought to myself, if I leave it and wait for the oven to cool, the batter will have hardened and it will be an even bigger pain to clean up. I grabbed a napkin and quickly tried to scoop up the batter...
Francis X. Deming, 47, Franklin Lakes, N.J.
From the disgusting "Flagrant Conduct" article from the NYT Book Review :
I was thinking, right. It’s time to murder Tania. Captain It doesn’t know about Tania’s last backup, so sie thinks again, my secret’s safe, and job well done.
Former Disney star Selena Gomez proves that she is all grown up in the sexy ad for her new namesake perfume.
John 4:24 God is spirit, and his worshipers must worship in spirit and in truth."
I had a close friend who was a New York City native and had been in retailing for all of his adult life. His father had also been a businessman. He was a nice person, but as is typical of many New Yorkers, he was a no-nonsense person who will only tolerate so much. That limit is easily met any day in retail. His conclusive statement to stories of others or his own about the horrors of the business was a sarcastic "Welcome to retail."
See those colored squares? They finish at 1". Yup, I'm crazy. The little four patch centers are 2" square. I'm not sure how large this quilt is going to be. I'll just work on it until I'm tired of it. I saw a similar quilt somewhere in blog land, only it was done with larger pieces. For some reason I decided to make it smaller....
But practically, they’re paralysed.
See how perfectly Christ fits this description. He was sent by the Father in heaven. He was sent to be the Savior of the world. He was sent with all the prerogatives of deity clothed in human flesh.
The Muur is one of these monuments (shrines) where disoraganised lunacy reigns supreme.
I found these pictures earlier today when I was cleaning, time is sometimes running fast. I like to remember the happy moments :)
I'll be there. Call 290-2390 to reserve.
For Taylor, Adams had got his history wrong. The people, in a society like that of Americans, were not dangerous. Most of the time they went quietly about their own business and demanded nothing—unless they were intolerably provoked by abuses of government. It was the “court party” that was the enemy of liberty and that would subvert the free commonwealth. History showed that there were always self-seeking minorities, would-be elites, ready to use the machinery of government to live off the labor of the majority. Sometimes this was done by force, and sometimes by fraud, as in the Hamiltonian maxim “a public debt is a public blessing.” The remedy was not to erect artificial “checks and balances” but to make sure power was widely dispersed, limited, and amenable to recall.
SFWA began working to connect the dots. In response to a call for information in the SFWA Forum, more and more SFWA members began to come forward with complaints. Dave Smeds, who had taken over as Chair of the Foreign Reprints Committee, did admirable work in collecting and disseminating information. Ann, who at the time was serving as SFWA's Eastern Regional Director--and who was herself affected by the scandal, through her collaborations with Andre Norton--met with representatives of Amber, the Polish publisher that had brought out Polish editions of Norton's Witch World books. Amber showed Ann documents proving that they had paid Luserke--payments that were never passed on to Norton.
In several scenes, dreams filter into reality, as when Claude remembers a sexually charged encounter with a beautiful woman, and the woman appears, stretching her shapely leg up into the air, in a bath tub that's ludicrously placed in the middle of Claude's office. That woman appears again later in a scene that's presumably the source of Claude's erotic dream/vision, but the "real" scene has a similar absurdist visual sensibility, since the woman appears twice, reflected in mirrors on either side of Claude as though he were being asked to choose between two identical women. Indeed, he occasionally does seem to confuse his many women, as in a scene where the woman he's in bed with shifts between cuts from Catrine to several other women before settling back into his wife again; the bed and the room change as well, as Claude's mind mashes together different scenes with women from throughout his life, his erotic adventures all blending together. Other scenes are utterly inexplicable, ripped out of context as surreal intrusions of the subconscious: a man drowning while speaking on the phone, a short figure in a suit and a green reptilian mask who walks alongside Claude without saying a word.
Row 4: 2 sc in first sc, sc in next 6 sc, 2 sc in last sc, ch 1, turn (10).
1159. – Dinner @ Vietnam Kitchen –
We need an ounce of luck along the way of course, but the quality of our lives is at all times determined by our own actions, something that became very clear to me this year. Thus, as this very important period in my life is closing towards its end, I look back upon the past twelve months and feel thankful, blessed, excited and ultimately surprised. I feel reflective, amazed and endlessly happy.
They idolized, and idealized, Yorke and his bandmates for the musical creation they produced and performed. Radiohead creates stunning, exceptional art, making it easy to forget that they are human like the rest of us. It’s difficult, for me personally, to build up enough self esteem to excel at anything when I’m idealizing whomever, whether an artist, a friend, a romantic interest, or otherwise. I’m constantly guilty of idolizing and idealizing. It can be socially, creatively, and professionally paralyzing when I believe I’m not participating at the same level I imagine others are.
