1 Tbsp. dark sesame oil
I know I am forming good habits. I think in terms of what makes a well-rounded meal. I no longer think in terms of large meals. I still look at some foods I know I shouldn’t eat longingly. I have no problem walking away from them. I get antsy if I don’t get in my miles and I am feeling so good about all of this that it is becoming self-motivating…
"The church has always been looked upon by mainstream America with some suspicion, if not outright anger," DesJardins says. "As with any religion, it's important to ask questions about church founders and their circumstances in order to appreciate the authenticity of their creed."
Impressive, isn't it?
I found it to be so ironic that one of the finest wordsmiths was portrayed as silent. It’s such an interesting character in this play that we’re apparently familiar with but you begin to doubt everything that you’ve known about William Shakespeare. An intriguing, stirring drama, Bingo will capture your mind completely.
Not coincidentally, the festival will take place in the same time with the Christian overlay “Adormirea Maicii Domnului” (August 14 to 15). The moment of silence of those who celebrate the Virgin and their loved ones, living or not, will be followed by an extraordinary concert that will be hold on the lawn, just next to the Merry Cemetery. Because the festival from Sapanta is about the beauty and the wonders, about the eternal cycle of life and death, about the father-mother-child triangle.
My husband and I were anxiously awaiting our 20 week ultrasound – it was right before Christmas and we could not wait to go home and tell our family the sex of the baby. Right away I could tell that something was wrong. As I watched the tech measure my baby the measurements seemed so small: 17w2d head, 16w5d arm, 17w3d belly, etc. The tech then asked me why I was here so early for my 20 week ultrasound. I told her that I was 20 weeks today and that I was not early. She didn’t seem overly concerned and just reported that my dates had to be wrong. I knew that my dates were not wrong, I had had an ultrasound almost every week up until week 11 and the baby had measured correct the whole time. Once my ultrasound was finished we went to talk to the doctor. He was not able to give us any information other than our baby girl was measuring four weeks behind and that her umbilical cord was a two vessel cord instead of a three vessel cord. I was told to try and gain some weight (I had only gained about 3-4 pounds thus far) and to come back in three weeks to see if she had grown. It was hard to stay optimistic over Christmas. Friends and family were telling us that things were going to be just fine, that she was just going to be a small baby, but this mama knew differently. I knew that there was something seriously wrong and I knew that I was never going to be bringing my baby home.
THE "ISLAND" IS LIFE-DEATH-REBIRTH...REBIRTH.
Queen Mary had intended for her own crown to be used by all future queen consorts, but when she decided to break tradition and attend her son's coronation, the new Queen Elizabeth had to have a new one made up. Mary handed over the Koh-i-Noor, and it became the centerpiece of the new crown. Elizabeth also wore it for her daughter's coronation in 1953, as a part of the circlet created by removing the arches to the crown. The Koh-i-Noor rests in the Queen Mother's crown currently, and is on display at the Tower of London.
T-R-A-N-N-Y
Several hours and one great movie (The Soloist – ah Robert Downey Jr.) later my stock was done. I took a bite and was instantly ashamed that I had become comfortable calling those boxed things stock. Shame on me. It’s not that I hadn’t tasted good stock before. But I had just accepted the mediocrity. I was comfortable in that boxed-stock place. Shame.
Gregory: Perry forgot the three agencies
The storyline itself is intriguing with its alternation between the murder victim’s past life and the daughter’s inherited problems. The novel is filled with gripping suspense; Grafton keeps the reader guessing the murderer’s identity right to the end.
Rin, her sidekick Mimi, and their big, fluffy dog are immortal, and the series drops us into their lives at various points. The character Koki joins up with them in episode one and has been with them a year in episode 2. There’s a cop that Rin uses for information and we see him age roughly 50 years over the course of the series. The producers do a great job of using this time jump to give you a sense of all the stories we haven’t seen. Rin runs a private detective agency and where Koki is a frazzled, scared kid in the first episode (he’s actually a clone), he’s a contributing member of the team in the second story. That we don’t get to see his development is a shame, but that would take 20 episodes and for this jumping ahead in time approach, it works.
2. Hans Vogl(GErman busto player)
So was E@L taking commercial so-called diet-drinks for his social fluids instead? When his former flatmate Izzy send him a link about the counter-intuitive dangers of his favorite low-calorie, non-alcoholic imbibement, Coke Zero (and its ilk), he has gone off that sort of stuff as well. More tea, (green, ginger, English Breakfast), coffee no change, and at the pub it was lemon, lime and bitters with soda water. To drink at night, lime and bitters in soda water.
James 4:10
Yes I know a Nook Color is no smaller than those trendy trade paperbacks or mass market paper backs. There the issue is more convenience than anything else, as I don't have to change out my reading material every day.
German Herringbone Rib stitch, using Skein Queen's 'Squash' 100% merino 4ply, in the colorway 'Aunt Betty's Pond'. This was apparently perfect: the right color, the right stitch, the right length ....everything.
You might not realize some of the things Tiffany makes: trophies for the Super Bowl, NASCAR, and horse racing. Lady Bird Johnson ordered Tiffany china for the White House.
Thanks for all the comments throughout my postings, sporadic as they were. Come on over and follow my other blog as that one is a NEW beginning for me!!!! :)
- In Alexandria, Minnesota, USA, it is still illegal for a man who has garlic, onions or sardines on his breath to have sex with his wife.
The first shading color I add is R81. I color almost the entire petal leaving just the edge with the R0000 showing. You can see the subtle shading here. Don't forget to chose your light direction. I chose to have my light source coming from the front, therefore highlights will hit the centers and top edges of the petals.
* As an aside, THIS is why I’ve struggled so much with religion recently. I was raised in a Christian household, specifically in the Lutheran denomination. Since before I could remember, I was taught that Jesus loved us even though we did bad things. We sinned because we were human; we had something bad in us that only Jesus and God could take away.
When contacted, BERSIH chairperson Dato’ Ambiga Sreenevasan said the BERSIH rally was a success, and would continue organising such events, as long as the need is still there.
And the number one excuse for a terrible season?
The cake is very easy to make, and while i had to make some changes, it was straight forward enough. As we don't have a microwave and i had no idea how much 'two microwave bags of popcorn is, ' i googled it and found that means 12 cups of popcorn. Twelve! I also had to buy a lot of vegan marshmallows, which if you must know is more expense than the other kind and doesn't melt nearly as quickly or smoothly. But the end product is oh-so-good. My chocolates also melted a bit too fast because of all that vegan marg and mallow. Oh well, more goodness that way i think.
Mr Lansley thinks the NHS doesn't work properly. Read this post from an actual NHS doctor as to why it does.
You should include "query" and your book's title in your query's subject line. That title makes a big first impression!
4And his tail drew the third part of the stars of heaven, and did cast them to the earth: and the dragon stood before the woman which was ready to be delivered, for to devour her child as soon as it was born.
The connection between the place of prayer and Marie Stopes International has caused distress for many people including members of the Catholic community.
You might be an Incarnated Angel if you…
Suzanne Francis, author of Heart of Hythea, commented that she found writing scenes with lots of characters even more difficult than writing for one or two. I have to agree. As difficult as it is to make a scene with a single character come alive, having a whole cast of characters interacting is worse. I picked up a book today about a group of women who banded together to avenge those who had wronged them, but I couldn’t get into it. Too many characters to keep track of and try to identify with.
Source: Anime Expo News Release
“Students must consult rare books, manuscripts and archives within the controlled conditions of library study rooms. The material is isolated from the secondary, supporting materials and the growing mass of related digital assets”.
The story provides useful in more aspect than one! Children are introduced to simple additions (0-10), determining different ways to get a sum of 10, tallying totals and also learning useful information about butterflies! While the immediate educational aspects of the story will likely require some explanation to children, the information is all very easy to understand and will probably help them to catch on to the ideas rather quickly! This book could be used in so many wonderful ways!
PAN AM – as dead as the real Pan Am.
Is it a good read? A definite yes.
Husband even baked his own birthday cake in July!
Product Review: Martha Stewart Heating Tool
Raven Software's Singularity is technically an original IP. But playing through the game, as I did this week, it's difficult to call it anything other than pastiche.
I will confessed - there was doubt. Places which house a family of rats in the alley next to the kitchen are a little risky, particularly so early in the week!
I could write an entire book about what an amazing baby you are and how much I love you. You are more than I ever could have hoped for and I want you to always know that you are loved. Daddy and I love you so much!
It’s important to note that the course I teach are NOT computer courses, they are UC approved Art and communication courses that use computers. I make the distinction because the focus of the manual is not the nuts and bolts of computer hardware and software, but rather it is focused on teaching high school students to improve their communication skills and take advantage of 21st. century communication technology. Sure, they can already use MySpace, program their iPods, and post their own movies on uTube, but this curriculum gives students a direction, background information, and teaches them the production process.
I remember when they were good old Telecom Éireann and the only ways they could fuck you up were by swallowing your coins in their banjaxed phoneboxes, or charging you extra if calls on your home phone lasted longer than three minutes. Then they got all supercorporate on us, dropped that pesky fada and floated themselves on the stock exchange, meanwhile convincing a shitload of fools to buy shares in them at a heavily infalted price. My family were amongst those fools, though we didn't get burned half as badly as some people did. But yeah, speculate on the stock market and there's every chance things might just go tits up.
Alas, she's growing up. There are other things that have taken precedence in her life over baseball cards. Now she looks at her dad as a big card geek. It was inevitable. Between dance (she made the big dance troupe from the park district in the fall), band (she's a percussionist in school...love the picture of her with the drumsticks), newspaper (the sixth grade "supereporter") and the usual middle school schedule, her life is pretty busy as it is. Baseball cards have rightfully (and sadly for this dad) have taken a back seat. Maybe she'll get into it again, if only as a reminder of how she and I bonded all those years ago (I'm almost in tears writing this...)
Fashion-shocked and with interviews looming, I haven’t yet attended a single museum. I haven’t seen Mr. Lincoln immortalized in stone. Instead, I’ve resigned to combing mass merchant stores in hopes of squelching the unconscious hipster in me and reinventing my wardrobe.
Gail Simmons is an accomplished chef, television show host, food critic, food judge, and magazine editor. She's gets to do everything she loves: eat, travel, write, and cook. It wasn't an easy road to where she is now and in her memoir, she shows us readers that you really do have to work from the bottom up. Even those famous people you see on tv now, had to start as dishwashers, line cooks, or interns.
REV. CLINTON M. MILLER AND THE BROWN MEMORIAL BAPTIST CHURCH FAMILY INVITE YOU TO THEIR SANCTUARY REDEDICATION WEEKEND OF SERVICES!
O - Oman
There is currently a proposal to construct a fourth coal terminal in Newcastle (which is already the world’s largest coal port).
Because of my desire, every now and then I ask the kids, "What is your favorite thing or things that I make for meals ~ breakfast, lunch whatever?"
Are not worth a dime.
one of the most coarse horse songs i ever did hear..."Cool Clear, Water" it ain't... you won't find THIS song on any GREATEST HITS compilations...
It seems to me that as the world turns and time passes, the more individual his later rooms become and the harder they are for modern clients, decorators, and, in my case, students, to understand. The interiors of his that I admire the most, and I think many would agree, are not those of 1940s New York, but those in his last house at Ménerbes - simple, unpretentious, symmetrically arranged distillation of stone-floored and plaster-walled spaces furnished with rattan and wood, softened with linen, cotton and African art.
Chances are the moment Pakatan is declared the winner, there will be a red alert and the security forces moved into their respective positions to ensure calm. Obviously, they would be waiting for their latest orders from Najib. And if Najib orders a crackdown, then a crackdown there will be and all sorts of excuses engineered to justify it later on. Malaysians can expect to be betrayed by their armed forces. Their only hope is that the individuals – the ordinary soldiers and police officers – will mutiny and refuse to obey the orders of their UMNO-controlled bosses to kill their own civilian brothers and sisters.
sleep for God to make sure I had enough money to
b. The band seems to have had a strong influence on a lot of the mid-west punk bands of the nineties. I hear it in Screeching Weasel's lyrics which detail, with humanity and humour, the lives of those around them in songs like "Jeannie's Got a Problem With Her Uterus", in the singing style of Joey from The Vindictives and in just about everything about the ever-mad, Boris The Sprinkler.
. . . takes me somewhere new.
Equipt with this information a series of preliminary design concepts are created to explore the wide variety of hard and soft materials, textures, emotions and building techniques specific to the clients requirements.
Alas, we went to Prom. We got each other matching flowers. We even went with another couple, as is a customary dating practice in Mormon culture (see above poorly-scanned image). We dined at the too-expensive Cheesecake Factory and ordered separate entrees, even though we were beyond stuffed halfway through. Of course, we ate cheesecake, and it was goooood. We also stole away to the bar for a bit to watch the Phoenix Suns in action (it was the playoffs!). And I will never forget how we got lost in the shadier parts of Phoenix on our way to the dance. The dance which cost Dill 100 dollars for us to attend, might I add.
God loves to create. I tremble when I visualize the empty expanse. Then He speaks, “Stars, move quickly to the places I have mapped out for you.” All at once the vast darkness is overwhelmed by the stars racing to their places as the bow and cry, “Amen!” The planets and the sea are told the same. ”Planets, go to your places and stay within your orbit and do not stray from it until I give you another word. Sea, get in order and when you rise, do not move beyond the line I have drawn for you.” They obey, “Yes, Lord, Amen!”
No really! I mean it.
This morning, I chose to take advantage of the weather and go for a run, tackle this issue head on, see if it’ll help. Yes, it was tough and burning, but at least I attempted. Sometimes, it only takes an attempt to change your mindset and mood. Never give up. Test your durability. Are you going to pass or fail?
I try to remember. But I can’t. It’s like trying to catch wind with your hands.
The story itself was super cute and full of mystery and intrigue. Who exactly is Emma-- or maybe more to the point, what is she? And will Galen be able to figure out the secret in time to save the underwater world of the Syrena? Also, the love story that unfolds between Emma and Galen was too adorable. I was pretty much dying laughing from the very first chapter when our heroine smacks her head into the model-esque chest of her soon to be merman love interest-- talk about embarrassing! And it was beyond entertaining to listen to their love-squabbles and friendly jabs at each other throughout the book. I especially liked their relationship because it didn't happen all at once, but took time to develop. This built up my interest much more than by throwing an unbelievable romance in my face.
And now, whenever I reach for that sweater? That's what I think about. My dinner on the pier with my brother, both of us eating crab legs and drinking Pacifico beer, before he drove me up to LAX to catch the red-eye flight back to Boston late that same evening.
I picked Jen up tonight (since she sold her car yesterday), and she came bearing gifts! Jumper cables, a roll of bubble wrap, and a pomegranate from the tree in her courtyard:
Twenty-four people have been linked to the scandal: 12 from the Secret Service and 12 from the military.
The birds of prey are also likely a deliberate reference. The eagle was the symbol of the Roman Empire. Each Legion of Rome carried an Eagle standard before it (an ‘Aquila’). Rome was the bird of prey, proud of its power, ostentatious in its wealth, violently expansive in conquering its neighbours, dominant in a way that no civilisation since had been able to achieve. Nietzsche’s studies as a philologist had given him a deep respect for the achievements and greatness of Imperial Rome.
The post at CatholicVote is really disturbing, there is video of an #Occupy goon taking a stolen statue of the Blessed Mother, smashing it down into the street and then stomping on it. The thugs broke into a Church and in addition to stealing and destroying the statue, they also damaged doors inside the Church and desecrated a Crucifix there.
These narrative scenarios—diagnostic estimates of where we will be at some projected later date—come with chapter titles such as "Russia, 2019," "China, 2042," "Miami Beached," and "Holland 2.0 Depolderized." Among the various spatial and geopolitical side-effects of climate change outlined by these authors are a coming depopulation of the American Southwest; a massive demographic move north toward newly temperate Arctic settlements, economically spearheaded by the extraction industry and an invigorated global sea trade; border wars between an authoritarian Russia and a civil war-wracked China; and entire floating cities colonizing the waters of the north Atlantic as Holland aims to give up its terrestrial anchorage altogether, becoming truly a nation at sea.
Of course, trust Ridhuan to omit any mention that today after the fall of Suharto, whose long rule imposed the obliteration of Chinese identity, Indonesia’s suppressed minority community is desperately seeking their roots once again.
UL listed; 1-year Limited Manufacturer's Warranty
LINKS TO "CHINA'S OCTOBER SURPRISE" ARTICLES
–not the teenage witch mind you–
The little mug is not placed on the highchair ....
It's time to wake up, America. The Paul Ryans of this nation are out to push you further down into the dirt while they rise up on the backs of the fallen.
Generously funded by the Ontario Arts Council, the Canadian Dance Assembly (CDA) is pleased to offer professional development workshops in partnership with the Dancer Transition Resource Centre (DTRC), the Dance Umbrella of Ontario (DUO) and the Professional Association of Canadian Theatres (PACT) – with the support of, Creative Trust and CCI – Ontario Presenting Network.
From time to time we will have special themed Sundays in the library so do look out for details of these in the library, or on the Millennium Library’s webpage.
Who am I kidding? We both know that will be me.
A number of his friends had already given their lives over there so he did this as a way of honoring them.
Email: aaron@actnowproduction.org
The current Chevrolet racecar, the Impala, took three out of top five spots at the Las Vegas Motor Speedway on Sunday including the win by Tony Stewart. Since 2007, the Impala has dominated the series, taking the checkered flag 79 times. Chevrolet drivers have also won five NASCAR Sprint Cup Series Manufacturers’ Championships, and Jimmie Johnson (4) and Tony Stewart (1) have collected five NASCAR Sprint Cup Series driver’s championships in the Impala.
Here is what you have to do:
I hope I continue to be a guest at SDCC from time to time. I feel like there is a family there, the Society of Grave Robbers, that will always welcome me no matter where my life takes me. I look forward to the day I am on a panel joined by Guillermo Del Toro, co-director Mark Gustafson, Producer Allison Abatte and musicians Nick Cave and Warren Ellis talking about Pinocchio.
We then moved on to Huw Alexander from Sage and cover the publishers point of view toward e-books and highlighted that all formats are important depending on the style of study you plan. He accepted that all forces need to come together work much closely try and be flexible and find better solutions for easier accessibility.
04. Captain Bacardi - Antonio Carlos Jobim & Claus Ogerman / 4:29
Falconer cleverly rejects the Swiss, Dutch and Oregon models, despite the fact that Dignity in Dying have been campaigning for an Oregon-type law in Britain for several years. This makes him look cautious and is an attempt to disguise his full agenda. He does not however tell us what kind of law he would find acceptable apart from hinting at unnamed ‘safeguards’. But it is precisely the concern that safeguards will not work in restraining abuse that has led British Parliaments three times in the last five years to reject any legalisation of assisted suicide.
So exciting!
2 cups graham cracker crumbs
One head of crisp iceberg or butter lettuce
The holidays can get so jam-packed with parties, decorating and shopping that I always look forward to a laid back afternoon with cookies and my girlfriends!
Meanwhile, the BBC TRUST is running an online public consultation about their plans for Delivering Quality First - there are six sections, but you don't have to complete them all. If you've been longing to indicate your support for original writing & performance on the BBC, or to complain about the volume of news or 'reality' programmes, here's your chance to be heard.
Stop reading when tired or at chapter breaks?
shadowless air, I know where you are
This one was actually taken a few weeks back when I was thrifting with Joyce and Rose....
The Counterjihad owes a debt of gratitude to the numerous Salafist luminaries who live in the West and appear from time to time in our newspapers and on our TV screens. This cohort of fundamentalist firebrands includes Anjem Choudary (UK), Najmuddin Faraj Ahmad (better known as Mullah Krekar, Norway), Taj El-Din Hamid “Catsmeat” Hilaly (Australia), and Abdul Wahid Pedersen (Denmark).
How did I get this lucky? I'm really not sure. I guess it's because we were meant for each other and we held out for each other instead of settling for relationships that may have been convenient at the time. I also know for a fact that God had HUGE role in guiding my life towards Eric. Thank you, Jesus!!
They lay across the benches, and pass out in the stairwells, bref, lounging & smellin' up the joint is where it's at. I'm not completely heartless, but after you've seen hundreds a year the phenomenon becomes less shocking. I don't even get freaked out anymore when they mutter insults at me. (I always have to resist the urge to talk back to the shoe-less man with food stuck in his beard calling me unkempt. Really sir? My hygiene is not up to snuff? I'll run home & jump in the shower for you, but first let me pick that hunk of sandwich from your facial hair.) I was starting to feel pretty proud about mastering the art of ignoring, a true sign of my French integration.
winter with an impending sense of doom and gloom. But on this day I was actually thankful for the icy weather. I’m thankful the cold had given us a fine excuse for kicking back in our PJ’s and shirk the usual grind of our domestic routine and responsibility. I am thankful we have had this opportunity to spend some lovely time together and recharge before the hectic routine resumes next week.
If you enjoyed this post, please consider leaving a comment or follow me by email at the top right hand of the screen to have future posts sent to you. Tricia (Crunchy Catholic Momma)
40On the third day God gave him back to life, and let him be seen,
Have a great week everyone,
Meatballs and tomato slices (Trader Joe's has all-natural meatballs)
"A...." Rachel was too embarrassed to say the word, which was which was kind of a double embarrassment. Bad enough to BE a virgin, but to be too embarrassed to say the word? Double shame.
And even if I have been given countless signs about the power of prayer--for some reason I needed just one more sign to help me through this particular challenge in my life.
When I count, there are only you and I together
As I read this article by Zig Ziglar on spending quality time with kids, I realized my morning started out real badly with my son, with him crying and me threatening to withhold games and toys.
And here is the second part:
Above all, this means rejecting the comforting, yet ultimately deadening, routines we can so easily slip into and embracing a more dynamic way of living that combines rigorous self-discipline while allowing oneself to be constantly open to new ideas and experiences.
Get back to me for more information about a late client of mine that bears the same last name as yours leaving some funds behind.
“I’m doing a chili for City’s match against Reading” he told us.
Some of the practice exams my children have taken prove that using state tests to determine if our teachers are doing a good job is unreliable. Many times they have received a three or even the maximum score of a four, but on occasion they dropped to a two. If my kids happen to have a bad day of testing during a small snapshot of time, does that prove that they need academic assistance and that the teachers are ineffective?
People in blog world, today I was part of a clinical study. And not because I am clinically insane. No, no. The study shows how contact lenses fit, and how the shape of our eyes (in micro sense) determine the appropriate fit for our eyes.
What do I want to be when I grow up?
Every May I set myself a challenge to take a new photo each day, however this year will be slightly different, in that I will try to publish a photo a day rather than to take a photo a day. Ultimately it is hard as a shift worker to come up with a picture after working a 12 hour shift.
All too soon, they stopped again and Matt’s feet hit the ground.
But y'all don't care about all that, do you?
Please keep in mind that this is solely a reflection on my opinion, and what I have had access to. For each indie brand featured I have picked either my personal favorite, or one that I think best represents the brand. Furthermore, all the polishes featured here are ones I have been able to acquire. Trust me, if I had access to all of the indies, this post would be a whole lot longer. So please don't think that just because I don't have a brand featured here, or didn't feature a particular polish, that I think any less of them/it. For example, I would LOVE to be able to feature some Lynnderella's here - but since I haven't been able to acquire any yet, they have been left out. :)
But as a business owner I know nothing lasts forever.
The Act does not define what is necessary to ensure the voluntary compliance of the organisers and participant.
nothing else, really.
The weekend of March 24th and 25th is the welcomes all peg legs and eye patches to the High Seas Adventure! Special events include a Fencing Competition, Tattoo Competition, Wine Tasting, Grape Stomp, Vow Renewals and lots of pirate themed fun!
The publicist for a famous young novelist would let me get half a sentence out then snap, 'It's a no.' 'But could you ask?' 'It'll be a no.' 'But I'd really like you to put it to her.' 'She says no to everything.' 'But could you at least relay the message?' Two days later: 'I told you it would be a no.'
Don't forget it is our fabulous Preview day on Saturday 10th December, where you can come along and see all the wonderful workshops we have lined up for you in January, February and March. We have taster workshops going all day long, and I think Our Ben is making me part with some of the 100's of samples I have made over the years. Pop HERE for more info
The department of defence has leased the jets on a five-year contract to supplement its VIP squadron.
﻿I read this wonderful book The Gifts of Imperfections by Brene Brown. The book is amazing - encouraging, thought-provoking, honest, and challenging. I have never before read a book that invoked so much emotion - at times I was hopeful and happy and other times I felt incredibly angry and frustrated.
“How the fuck would you know?” He said with anger. Jheez Elijah looked PENG when he was vexed, I won’t even lie.
I've polled my friends and asked for and received lots of great suggestions, so thanks to everyone who contributed. I think I've finally settled on a name (that is free of federal trademarks) and am even fairly sure of the logo design that I want. Now to get it all set into motion!
The other day, I ran across the saying “Live the way you want to be remembered” which at the time I thought it was just a nice saying to add to my list o sayings. But today, as I sat down to reflect on this monumentally sad day in my life, I realized how true that saying is.
“I cannot wait another year and allow a child to be caught in a school system that, for five years running, has been on the watch list or the troubled list with no prospect of getting off of it. … Nothing to me is worse in the sense of discrimination than leaving kids in a system that, year-in-and-year-out, has been scored as failing.”
I love having gained in prudence, knowledge, and wisdom over the years.
2. Are the objects related to each other? How?
Now on to the lipstick!
flight against the light
I usually make pancakes from a mix in the mornings for pure ease, but after making the cornbread the other day I had way too much left over buttermilk. I decided that I needed to find a good recipe to use up the remaining buttermilk & found this one on Allrecipes.
The last few years have been spent with two goals mind: 1) Finish my book, 2) Get into a MFA program. I’ve run through every emotion that I’m sure all of you have. I’ve been at the bottom of the ravine, looking up and thinking: what the eff? I’ve hemmed and I’ve hawed. I’ve retreated, backpedaled, swam through the rivers of self-doubt, charged feebly through the walls of rejection and in the end when the dust settled, I found myself a tiny bit closer to the light at the end of the tunnel. All this to say that I’ve been accepted to several programs and now face the task of making the right choice.
And yet even that belief fights with me fuckin’ head!
There was just one guy who I decided to meet up with earlier this summer. We had been messaging for a while, and he seemed pretty cool. When we met up, though, it turned out to be really awkward and he had offended me a few times. He also lied and admitted to having a drinking problem (I sure know how to pick the winners..). Long story short, I didn’t talk to him after that.
3. Offer a consistent message. Regard-less of the channel used to access your company—full site, mobile site or mobile app—offer a consistent message about your brand.
I want you to be at your best
It’s okay to believe in something bigger than a logo and a colour scheme. In fact, it’s downright honourable and inspiring! It seems those candidates slamming the ChangeAlberta.ca initiative are simply afraid of not making the final cut on election day.
The Flushing I knew is like a painting beneath a painting.
Jade would now about the games industry needing to grow up, its consumers and ‘fans’ in particular, as she’s been on the receiving end of some needless remarks about her looks. The ignorance and sexism being spouted at her highlighted this particular issue, though it’s hardly been ‘solved’.
1. The President’s Remarks Prove Social Security Trust Fund is a Hoax on the Public – As I noted in my piece about how Social Security is basically a Ponzi Scheme, there is no “trust fund.” There never has been a trust fund. They have always spent all the excess Social Security money on other projects. Yet I’ll bet if you surveyed the average voter — and especially the average Social Security recipient — they’d claim otherwise.
This is one of the chastest series you could find on television – 2 Broke Girls is more comfortable talking about masturbation than this show, WHICH IS ABOUT MASTURBATION, is with the topic. The Client List is the cleanest show you could make about erotic massage. Nothing dirty happens on screen – there are a lot of towels that are slowly pulled back before the scene fades to black. The most explicit the show gets is when some ice is rubbed across a chiselled torso, and there are a lot of chiselled torsos. All of the men who frequent this massage parlour looking for ‘extras’ are ridiculously attractive. The montage that leads Riley to make the decision to pull for the big bucks involves her giving normal massages to a group of gross clients because in The Client List’s world people who get regular massages are gross but people who come in looking to be finished off are underwear models with rock hard abs.
Well food this morning, and for lunch is shambles, I admit it. But for diner I will have rice, with stirfried mushrooms, prawns and crab meat, and a glass of cold water.
More to come as the crisis continues and the questions go unanswered.
that hung above the piano
We won't judge your culinary skills either way. It'll still taste good.
And I can hear something, to my far right, outside. Although it has been raining lightly on and off since the afternoon, this isn't that kind of watery sound. It is another, unmistakable sound, and it is being sounded against my up-and-over door. I had heard people walk past already, probably between pubs, but hadn't realised that their convo had stopped, and somebody had paused just outside my property. What do I do? This is a bit like a sliding doors scenario- there is a small moment where my London 'walk-away' upbringing (where you don't even look partially intimidating people in the eye, let alone approach them), flickers up inside me, and then it goes. The more overwhelming urge is to go out there, interrupt him, and move them on, and probably, I envisage, they will run away fast, perhaps laughing.
"Stop being such a brat."
We both start to cry
We went to Hippopotamus! I knew the restaurant from Paris already, 'cause I went eating there a few times back in the winter 2008 when I was there with my mum.
Philosophy, like historical studies, is a very broad subject. Also, like history, it can be fun to try to dive in on occasion and see just what can be made of it. Admittedly a great deal of it is way above me. Way above a lot of us I would imagine. Anyone who has ever tried their hand at Medieval Scholasticism (You know - William of Fucking Ockham, Saint Bonaventure, or John Duns Scotus) can probably attest that a good deal of it is near indecipherable to the layman. It would likely take a good deal of knowledge of medieval Catholic thought along with a healthy dose of knowledge of the thinking of the Classical philosophers to have an informed idea of what Ockham was about (and he was about an awful lot). One (or at least I) can get only glimpses....
We need to seriously consider what politicians are asking to do and even what some of us are fighting for. So here:
Dear readers, I know I promised a continuation of my list from last week, but seriously, I have to write about Paris Fashion Week. I will return to my list with the very next entry, promise!
Most of criticism seems to be the status quo trying to derail the movement before it has started (which is standard). We saw the same thing with the tea party movement. While I certainly don't agree with barely anything the tea party says, and while their later iteration may have had bigger - even corporate funding, it started as a grassroots movement of people that were frustrated and decided to stop stammering about it, and instead decided to make their voice heard. That is what I'm hoping this movement becomes. It's not that change will occur overnight, but it may be an eye-opener for Democrats that, while we want a Democrat to win the White House over a Republican, we still have the right and the duty to question the policies of congress and the president that we don't like or agree with. We need the president to know that just as Republicans are unhappy with the way government is behaving, we too are unhappy with the way government is behaving, but we don't want government to go away, we want it to shape up.
Should this part of every contemporary article be curated and edited, almost like the piece itself? Should it have a name? Should it be formally linked to the original article or summarized at the top? By now, readers understand that the definitive “copy” of any article is no longer the one on paper but the online copy, precisely because it’s the version that’s been read and mauled and annotated by readers. (If a book isn’t read until it’s written in — as I was always told — then maybe an article is not published until it’s been commented upon.) Writers know this already. The print edition of any article is little more than a trophy version, the equivalent of a diploma or certificate of merit — suitable for framing, not much else.
I turned to my mother and said, “You know what? I am so glad I’m not like that anymore.“
Ok chaps and kitties, I've been off for an awful long time. Truth is, i've bumped into one too many numpties this past month, and far from being the lovable Mad Aunt B, I've turned into an Aunt Vom replica. Most worrying, although much fun until you get arrested by East Sussex cozzers for interfering with the fence at Monkey World.
As we were leaving, I took a long look over the cemetery and saw this.
Nowadays the only black magic I entertain are the chocolate ones.
Beg pardon? Haven't you, Stephen Williams, got a clear anti-tobacco agenda and campaigned for a number of years for greater regulation? By your own twisted definition, you are not independent and nor is anyone else who has an opinion on anything. In any case, Littlewood no more has a "pro-smoking agenda" than the pro-choice movement has a "pro-abortion agenda".
- In awe, Surrey, 28/12/2010 15:32
a time to weep and a time to laugh,
“Hi Damian,” came the singsong voice. He looked up in surprise to see the lovely Regan standing in front of him. The sun glinted off her red hair and her eyes shone. She twirled in front of him and asked, “How do you like my new dress?”
Flat Height : 3.5"
Tonka Bean
It’s a holler, holler, holler!
Thanks for looking and good luck on the challenge!
For me, one of the highlights of the day was getting a chocolate soft serve on the way out. I'd been craving one for months!
You don't know what it is, but it's there, like a splinter in your mind, driving you mad
JR and I were born only 2 weeks apart which i find pretty snazzy.
I couldn’t believe my ears. “Wait. ‘Suddenly, I”m not half the man I used to be, there’s a shadow hanging over me,’ Yesterday?”
As far as keeping up with the inflation prices I just compare the prices each week to Costco, Sams & Walmart (all of which have gone up quite a bit the past couple of years). I do have to adjust the red deals to these new prices, but there seems to still be several great deals each week. Some week’s have more great deals than others, but over all, the lost-leader prices from each store are still rock-bottom prices (which makes me happy each
To say it explicitly; our talks were filled with lessons of service, dedication to us and our well-being, harmony with those about us, an appreciation that the world is a beautiful place filled with wonder and mirth, where the truth is stranger than fiction. We, the little people who populate this world, are loved. Not just by Amahl and Captain but from all those they represent and spoke for. For ourselves, from what I gathered from our talks, we are all here for each other. And it only though loving one another that we can and eventually will, have heaven on earth.
Maybe a joke
The last stop before the game was our favorite ice cream... Culver's Frozen Custard. For those of you not in the Midwest, it is honestly amazing. Their vanilla cone should be ranked on one of those lists, "10 things you should eat before you die". It's that good.
Our small, coastal hamlet was rocked this weekend by the murder of its former mayor and current city councilman Jere Melo. The news broke this morning and it came in the wake of a similarly grisly murder that took place just over two weeks ago. It is purported that both victims stumbled upon marijuana grow scenes and both were shot and killed as a result. There is more information about Melo's murder, including a suspect and local transient who is considered armed, dangerous, and hiding out somewhere nearby.
So here is what it looks like decorated for Easter.....
I eluded to some fun copic news coming....stay tuned for November 11th for all the details! There will of coarse be some FABULOUS blog candy along with the excitement.
It’s unclear how the number got dialed.
Jintan: I don’t think she could forget about you anyway.
These grants allow writers to complete research. Museums and libraries frequently give grants to those wishing to study their archives. The range of funds can vary from a small fixed figure or full room, board, stipend and transportation.
King Alexander heard of the promises that Demetrius had made to Jonathan; he was also told of the battles and brave deeds of Jonathan and his brothers and of the troubles that they had endured.
This image came from Ann Fenton on the site of The Outlawz...You can get his image by joining the challenge. You have two weeks to make and enter your card or project on the forum..
Sometimes, when I find myself 'downgrading' on the steak, I'll make a better side dish other than our normal twice baked potatoes. I have made umpteen variations of potato gratins, each with a different spin. To us, ya gotta have a potato dish with steak. Now, this folks is one heck of a different spin, almost bringing a summer feel to the nippy cold night we had last steak night. You might have made this before; I have made it trying different ingredients several ways but this time I wrote it down and I think I got this gratin just the way I like it best. Down here we also call it pie. Try it and let me know.
Thank you, and buy war bonds!
Disorientated but alive
I could sleep in L.A.
On Saturday we were at a gas station in Colorado, on our way home from our cross-country drive, when I witnessed something that really choked me up. My husband and son had run in for some snacks, but I had stayed in the car. And glad I did.
So, here we have it. The fruit of the spirit calls us to love as He loved. So, to put it another way, what would you feel for me if I saved your life? I saw a bus careening down the street that you were crossing. You had your head down, listening to your iPod as you walked out into traffic, and did not hear it approaching. Deftly, I rip you from the jaws of certain death, and make you feel the warm sensation of a second chance at life. You would revere me. You would want to talk to me, and be around me. You would spend the rest of your existence trying to make that up to me. Even after I told you that all that I wanted from you was a relationship with you, that all I wanted was for you to listen, pay attention at all times, and help someone else that may not have the same chances as you – you would feel like it was not enough. How could it be? I risked certain death, and may have even died myself, just from a want to give you a second chance to wake and breathe the next day. Well, God did that and more. Except instead of just rescuing one of us, He rescued us all. Forever, and ever He has saved generation after generation of peoples on this planet, just because He wants to enjoy our company more than anything else. God is not a solitary God; He is a God for all the ages, and He can be everything and nothing all at the same time. He has saved us all through love and He wants us to give nothing more back to Him than a portion of our time, a portion of our money, and a portion of our love. He says though, that if we do this, above all things he will bring us out of the dark and into the light. What is love? God shows us and has shown us what that feeling really is time and time again. He allowed us to get up this morning, and He allows us the opportunity to go to bed tonight whether we have a relationship with Him or not. Love is an ocean, and we are all sinking in it. But the key is to let go, and allow yourself to be overcome with the waters so that we rest securely in His love always. Once we have that figured out, we will see truly how His love can keep us alive. Praise Him for allowing me to see His plan, even if it is difficult to wrap my head around. He is greater, and I am lesser. His love sustains me, and His grace is sufficient enough to make me follow through in life. Praise Him for giving me so many chances. Praise Him for His perfect love that never lets me go. Praise Him for allowing me to see this fruit of the spirit that I have so much of, but also the need to apply it to many more facets of my life as well. Above all, praise Him for going to the cross on my behalf to show me the ultimate example of love. Thank you Lord.
The first new species for me is the olive squat lobster. You can see the red claws of a long-clawed squat lobster sticking out in the centre of the above photo. If you look up and to the right you'll see smaller claws sticking out from some little rocks . THAT is the olive squat lobster. Exciting, huh?
I had a bit of a trauma on Saturday involving losing power, electricians and a "redundant circuit" but luckily for me I went to work after I called the electrician and it was fixed by the time I got home.
If goodnesse leade him not, yet wearinesse
The smoke is a snake in the back gardens.
eighteen months since the storms came and laid my landscape low;
I am excited to share this with you all. My fellow DT Elizna (her blog is listed above in the list *winkwink*) hosted a month long challenge for March. She even supplied an awesome sketch of her creating! I was a monochromatic challenge, along with other bits and pieces. I love the way my page turned out!!
The bull roar has attracted the occasionally butterfly attention of E. She comes running up and asks 'What you doing, Grandad?' I'm not certain how to answer. I'm saved by having to explain by the arrival of A. He says he's going to have a go. He invites E. to press the red button. The needle falls to zero.
Aley took Mary home yesterday.
...It means I love you first of all,
March 11 - Hugh Martin Jr., songwriter ("Have Yourself a Merry Little Christmas"), 96
1/8 teaspoon salt
Quivering and uncontainable
I also have it on good authority that we can expect some great things from Atlantic Records, perhaps even around their fantastic Studio1290 property (go ahead, re-size your browser, the site is totally responsive)
Primula ‘Guinevere’ looks very similar to a new introduction this spring, the Kennedy Irish primulas. I have them with pink and red blooms, and the same bronze -green foliage.
Because the others had departed.
The following is some little known information from a variety of sources that puts the move in the context of what Arundhuti Roy would call ‘the beast’ that the movement is confronting.
Assh*les.
“Coast to Coast AM with George Noory”.
Or you can just skip to second 35 and then start laughing…Jeeze, impatience ass!!!
* 1 seeded and chopped Serrano chile
Cyber-bullying has increased in recent years. In a national survey of 10-17 year olds, twice as many children indicated they had been victims and perpetrators of online harassment in 2005 compared with 2000.
On November 18 & 19 we will be participating in the University of Oregon Bookstore's annual Tools of the Trade Show. The show theme this year goes along with the U of O Art Museum's current Gallery Show - Art of the Superhero. I will be one of the featured artists at the U of O Tradeshow event and I'll be coloring some appropriate comic artwork just for the event.
*1/2 cup sugar
It takes a certain strength and determination to do what this woman has done; to climb all the way to the top of her metaphorical Everest, screwing whoever and whatever she needs to and blocking out all the social judgement and noise in the process. She makes no excuses about who she is and stays true to her straightforward, determined self and more power to her, but she’s also given up a lot to get where she is. So what am I willing to do for my Everest? What am I willing to give up from my current considerably-happy-and-comfortable life? Am I hungry enough for the power and the success to make that my ultimate goal and forsake all else? And even if I have what it takes in skill, do I have the heart, or the lack thereof, to follow through? And does that equate to happiness? The only answer I have is a no to the last question, but I also know that the with age, I’ve acquired a much stronger desire for success and without a certain accomplishment, I won’t rest happy. But what is that certain accomplishment? What’s my metaphorical Everest?
The Nikkei report says that mobile gaming companies GREE and DeNA are to make bids for the CEO’s stake. Serkan Toto has a good rundown of the situation over on his blog, and comments on this possibility:
Till next time, have a great week ahead!
Interesting article in the New York Times about cyberbullying and proposed legislation in New York. You can find the article HERE. Article below.
Let’s try to do some editing and cropping. Rural landscape – taken while in the train on the way to Paris. This is the original.
How could such a thing happen? It’s probably difficult today to understand how remote Europe seemed in those days of the early Internet. In addition to the language barrier, communication took place primarily via paper mail. Phone calls were prohibitively expensive, so there was simply not that much contact between the average American author and foreign publishers. Add to that authors’ general inhibition about contacting publishers directly, and you had a situation that was ripe for exploitation.
But hey, when I DO turn 30, 40, or 50, I’m still gonna listen to everything I like and wear whatever the hell I want. And in that respect, nothing is going to change.
The reluctance of political leaders on both sides of the aisle to directly confront the fact that growing numbers of Americans are slipping into poverty reflects a stubborn reality about the poor: They are not much of a political constituency.
“I think I’ve lost my arm,” Bill said through his clenched teeth.
This post is the beginning of a series I have lovingly titled "You know you're a grown up when..." (thanks, Amy).
I did come up with the not very scientific strategy of running the first 3-4 miles at an 8:15 pace and then trying to finish up with a couple of sub 8 miles. There was pretty much no logic to this other than it didn’t sound too scary or impossible.
In a 1991 paper on hearsay reform, Professor Eileen Scallen argued that in addition to the basic instrumental dimension of the right to confrontation, the right can also be theorised in terms of a communal theory of criminal dispute resolution (E. Scallen, ‘Constitutional Dimension of Hearsay Reform: Towards a Three-Dimensional Confrontational Clause’ (1991) 76 Minnesota Law Review 623, see generally at 638). This rationalisation focuses on the ‘relationship between the accused and the formal accusers, in the form of the prosecution and the power of the state.’ The central gist of this theory is that the right to confrontation functions to restrain ‘the capricious use of governmental power’ by depriving prosecuting authorities of the procedural wherewithal to base prosecutions on false or otherwise unfairly obtained evidence. (M. Berger, ‘The Deconstitutionalization of the Confrontation Clause: A Proposal for a Prosecutorial Restraint Model’ (1992) 76 Minnesota Law Review 557, 560)
So very possibly he has some upcoming auditions….I dare say he’ll star in a pantomime again in the winter! Personally I think that Gareth needs to keep his profile high. Fans were unimpressed when he quit “Hair” in Germany but to be honest what is the point of going to the effort of learning all the songs and script (the script would be more challenging for Gareth anyway due to his stammer) but for the sake of two weeks ? financially it doesn’t make sense it will probably cost almost as much to stage as the money they’ll get back from the ticket sales for 2 weeks !
Ever dream that you can touch a rainbow? Somehow I feel that it's soft and fluffy.....like a pattern of lovely ribbon!
Had it? Had it? God’s love opens this to this
I see a leg of lamb about to be sliced for eating. It’s piping hot, with steam coming off it, meat juices running down. It looks to have rosemary on top. It is around lunchtime, an autumn day. I feel warm and cosy inside my parents’ house. It is my dad who is slicing the meat. He doesn’t want me to do anything, he tells me to sit down and relax until it’s ready.
Some evenings were planned, like the ones where Dad got out the slide projector and embarrassed all of us with those dorky pictures from the 1970′s and 1980′s. We’d point at each other, commenting on the bad haircuts, tube socks with shorts, or stirrup pants with huge oversized shoulder-padded sweaters.
Add the lentils to the soup base, and simmer for an additional 5 - 10 minutes, until the soup is thick and creamy. You can puree it again, if you wish, but it really doesn't matter, as the lentils add a slightly chunky texture to the soup.
As a result of assisting the rebels, Bob Finch, a Senior Vitol trader with over thirty years experience in the energy sector, commented that Vitol ‘hope to play a role in the future (of Libya’s oil industry)’ and are optimistic about their future involvement with the country.
Blessings and Love in Yeshua,
I know.. "where have I been".. well to tell you the truth, I wasn't a big blog reader until recently.
Hang on for a second, I’m reading these last two again. Slowly . . .
“My flying machine will have neither wings nor propellers. You might see it on the ground and you would never guess that it was a flying machine. Yet it will be able to move at will through the air in any direction with perfect safety, higher speeds than have yet been reached, regardless of weather and oblivious of ‘holes in the air’ or downward currents. It will ascend in such currents if desired.”
It's alright
...to my mama, her mama, and my girl who made me a mama.
away from their attention
Jay stepped up into our circle. “Are those your dates, ladies? Rayanne, what is yours a sailor?”
Seriously. And again. I say to you all. I’m glad I stuck around. He is rich in more ways than one. Hopefully the richest in love.
O.K. Whatever. I guess just not today, anyway.
Or, if this transient gleam of day Be all of life we share, Let pity plead within thy breast That little all to spare.
“Yes, just like you.” said Xiu Min.
Get a large pie dish and butter it and place greaseproof paper inside, lining the dish. Roll out some of the pastry so that is has a larger circumference than the dish, and place the pastry inside, gently pushing the pastry until it lines the dish. Pour the meat into the pastry, and make the pastry topping, by rolling out the pastry out-enough to cover the contents of the pie.Pinch the edges together, and then, run the knife along the outside of the dish. Trim away all excess pastry. Bake on 160 degrees, for 20 minutes or until golden and crisp.Serve with boiled potatoes, and green beans. You can make individual pies from the ingredients if you wish. Enjoy!!
I know how you wonder about your future, how you plan for it, how you want to know NOW what your NOW-15-YEARS-LATER holds. I’ll give you this: You own a home, a car, have a pretty stellar job, and a sweet, sweet baby girl. None of the names you have picked out for your children are what you and her Dad end up naming her. So, spend less time choosing your children’s names and more time on your golf game – or anything else for that matter. Don’t let your parents get you down on your studies – you are always above average in spite of their worries.
Poor old SAS Eddie felt a bit of a drip this (Weds.) morning. Literally.
Now, when I say “Tuxes”, you may think that I mean “tuxedos”. Not so. In fact, I mean this dude:
"The soul becomes dyed with the color of its thoughts."~Marcus Aurelius
The construction of the church was begun in 1893 by the Ethiopian emperor John I. He wanted his people to have a presence in modern Jerusalem, in addition to the church near the Holy Grave. The Ethiopian church was built between 1874 and 1901 – in the middle of the courtyard stands a round church, modeled after the churches in Ethiopia, and around it is the residence of monks and nuns. The inscription on the gate, on Geez, sounds;
6.soldiers of sunrise
The winner of this challenge will win digi stamps from The Pixie Cottage and when you play along the entire month (just 2 cards), you are also entered into the monthly drawing for the shopping spree at Oozak, so you have 2 chances to win!!
Options have heretofore included 80% solutions, workable, but provisional: The Henry, with an amazing selection but cheater pints and yuppie atmosphere; the Horse Brass, good selection but a haze of cigarette smoke; Higgins, with a great selection of international beers, but modest locals. And so on.
People that push their way past you.
It isn’t always easy finding fresh, high-quality food in this country. Supermarkets with their long, complex supply chains usually offer unripe or subpar produce that leaves a lot to be desired. But the usual alternative methods of provision have distinct limitations. Luckily, technology provides one great answer to this dilemma, opening up an important new avenue for small-scale producers to connect to customers.
Decorating- I have a new bedroom all dressed up in Christmas to show off!
membership, or both. Texas has an abundance of these extremist sub-groups
Next up is "Pizza Pete," a figure that almost surpasses Coronary Bob from the previous set for its humour and sheer awesomeness. Don't get me wrong, I think Pete is an excellent figure but I feel that Bob only just shades him. As his nickname indicates, Pete is very fond of pizzas and he has been depicted taking a bite out of a slice of his favourite snack. You just have to admire the humour and originality that have gone into this figure and Coronary Bob.
Sometimes fading into night.
2. Some of these spots should be filled at the skill positions, WR, RB, TE. If Hayden Smith can develop into something, they have a decent crop at that position. They need a feature back-type, and a solid #2 at WR. Keller is technically that, but they need the setup man to Holmes, like Braylon was. Maybe he makes a return?
This last month we made "white" pizza and it was delicious! We just had a pre-made crust (#5069 or #5070) and made Alfredo Sauce using SHIRLEY J's UNIVERSAL SAUCE (#5240) and SHIRLEY J CHICKEN BOUILLON (no MSG added) (#5249). We then topped the pizza with precooked FOSTER FARMS NATURAL CHICKEN BREASTS (#5513), which was seasoned with MEDITERRANEAN SEASONING RUB (#5192) (this rub is fabulous!!!! I use it all the time now!), pickled artichoke hearts, and CACHE VALLEY MOZZARELLA CHEESE (#5048) and it was absolutely delicious and fast!
Stay tuned for the reviews.
And, if you still think minimum pricing might have something to be said for it, just pinch yourself and look at who you are lining up with – all the miserable, Puritanical, pub-hating killjoys of the anti-drink lobby like Don Shenker, Anne Milton and Sir Ian Gilmore. If you care at all about pubs and the brewing industry, is that really the side of the debate you want to be on?
he was so distracted. He got stuck with the
A Wisconsin bar owner was fined $172 for dispensing Coors Light from a Miller Lite tap. He was trying to empty a keg purchased for a wedding, and says he told his customers what he was doing, and no one complained.
In a related story, I had an exterminator come to my house Tuesday after members of my family saw several large roaches on our deck. It was feared by some that the two-inch-long palmetto bugs could make their way inside our home, but I’m from Miami and am not afraid of creepy intruders. We used to have Giant Poison African Toads in our backyard. We killed ’em by pounding ’em with the back sides of shovels. Didn’t need no stinkin’ permit.
Days I exercised: Walked 6 days I think. Plus did some arm weights but not much.
that shows us a road.
““for god so loved the world that he gave his only and unique son, so that everyone who trusts in him may have eternal life, instead of being utterly destroyed.” (John 3:16 CJB)
The appointment comes after Sime Darby in May posted its first quarterly loss due to massive losses from its energy division.
Just an FYI, the recipe also calls for a square of butter. I never add it, but hey, if you feel that it needs it, go ahead... :)
Train accommodation
2. First I want to import three photos. I have first cropped them to square on my macbook, emailed them from iPhoto on my macbook to my iPad and then saved them into the photos file on my iPad. Of course you could download pictures direct to your iPad or use photos taken with your iPad. In case you're wondering, Kerry verykerryberry whited out the background of these photos for me and you can find out how to do the same in her tutorial here.
Enter Bane, a swaggering brute of shrewd, cunning intelligence who must wear inhale a drug called Venom that keeps him alive, hence the freaky mask. Freakishly strong, Bane is one of the Batman’s more formidable enemies and he famously broke Batman’s back in the comic’s 1993 “Knightfall” arc. If the Joker challenges Batman on a psychological, philosophical manner, then Bane is all about physical brutality.
I liked Chad and even though I tried very hard to complicate our relationship, his seemingly genuine love for me always made him forgive me. I couldn’t shake him off…he wasn’t the one…
Warren said her parents were severely traumatised and receiving counselling.
The number of times i've served a nip of bells and a half of John smiths boggles the mind but i do beleive this is the start of some if not beautiful at the very least intoxicating. So with this new hunt ill be posting any good pairing for whisky or bourbon with light beers in the future and maybe even the odd individual whisky review.
Outside in a sunny park.
I am officially a contract laborer. I took over the bookkeeping September 1. It's taken me most of the month to transition things. While this change will probably streamline lots of things, and not be a huge time impact from where I was, there is a mental change. Now, it's a job, an official obligation now. I hope I can continue to love everything I do in spite of it. So far, so good.
Ah, yes. Live and learn.
Measure 100 cc’s of soymilk in beaker. Pour the milk into the paper cup. Measure 2 cc’s of the magnesium in the small measuring spoon. Pour into the soymilk in the cup. Stir exactly 30 times, and then place the cup in the microwave for one minute. Take out of the microwave and pour into the paper bowl. Now, you have tofu.
Value-bashing started in earnest only very recently in Chinese political discourse. Exhibit A was the furious response from party conservatives to a 2007 address by Prime Minister Wen Jiabao (widely regarded as more of a progressive than the rest of the CCP) who stated that “science, democracy, rule of law, freedom and human rights are not unique to capitalism, but are values commonly pursued by mankind over a long period.” While Wen was never targeted personally, progressives within China have been fighting off thinly-veiled attacks in the state media on their apparent support for Western “democracy” ever since. Exhibit B came, ironically enough, as a response to a pro-government piece in Guangdong’s Southern Weekend that praised the party’s actions after the 2008 Sichuan earthquake. The newspaper said the party’s relief efforts had “honoured its commitments to its own people and to the whole world with respect to universal values.” This irked hard-liners, and over the next year the term “universal values” increasingly found itself being thrown around in editorials, op-eds and the infamous netizen message boards by the party’s wumao lackeys as a term associated with a Western plot to undermine the party’s power.
Andre Reijnen: Bass Guitar
When designing SF tech to populate a SF world, it’s better not to think about technology. It’s actually better to think about people. What problems do we have, and how can we use technology to solve them?
But writers can't help themselves. They still ask this question anyway.
My package from Toni included a bottle of Shaklee Basic H2 and 3 spray bottles for Windows, All purpose Cleaner and Degreaser. This one bottle of H2 is super concentrated and will probably last me a long time. And get this......the 16 oz bottle will make 48 gallons!!!
Now, Audrey loves pierogies so that was my choice to round out the dinner. Little did I think she would eat the cabbage, and I was greatly surprised when she poked her head in the pot and mentioned how good it smelled and that she would try it, and later, that she liked the cabbage dish better than the pierogies. That it was the first time she ever enjoyed vegetables so much. There you have it. The best endorsement I can give you.
What a day! Trying to do all my regular Monday chores and still get all 12 of the National Scrapbook Day challenges from mypinkstamper ... and I didn't get as much done as I would have liked to. I ran out of time to even attempt challenge #6 or #12. Toward the end many of my cards ended up being quite simplistic, even more so than usual. There were SO many cute creations that were posted by SO many crafty people! Great ideas and inspiration if you get stuck.
You can’t blame us really. Winsor was meant to be doing an independent report and yet it seems a blueprint copy from a speech Cameron made in 2006, and apart from the odd ‘colouring out of the lines’, this a carbon copy of what the Conservatives wanted 6 years ago. Don’t get me wrong, Labour weren’t kind either, but to say its an Independent review? Ha!
this post is way too long by now. be thankful that I'll restrain myself and won't talk about politics - so no rant about the results of last week's presidential elections in motherland. I'll save it for when my mom comes to visit in two days ;)
The dust is white at Angouleme,
1 daw
And, I’m not telling you what it is!
President “Barack Obama” is playing a winning hand in the 2012 presidential election, but he is playing with the house’s chips. Obama’s ace in the hole, the “I killed Bin Laden” card, is a total fake. The card is actually a Joker. Obama is bluffing big time. Bin Laden had been dead before Obama was even elected as a Senator. He couldn’t have ordered the killing of Osama Bin Laden because it is impossible to kill a ghost. That’s not a conspiracy theory.
The 6th annual Counter eCrime Operations Summit (CeCOS VI) will convene in Prague, Czech Republic, April 25-27, 2012, as the APWG gathers global leaders from the financial services, technology, government, law enforcement, communications sectors, and research centers to define common goals and harmonize resources to strengthen the global counter-cybercrime effort.
As I write, Ja the artist tells me that I am a great writer, and that’s why I should keep looking for my masterpiece. Knowing that my masterpiece is out there, somewhere, leads me to feel a fundamental trust with the universe, and this gives me the freedom to express my inner thoughts and feelings. Ja the artist echoes the words of my best friend Anna Arcellana Ja, give justice to your art, and the only way that I will be able to do this is if I’m not afraid to touch my brokenness, accept this brokenness, and transform it into a perfection that is art.
These glitters apply in a sheer, scattered way on their own, but when applied over top Mahya's Glitter Eye Gel they will go on full coverage! I just apply the Glitter Eye Gel and pat the glitter on. You can also apply your glitter wet, which will give you a similar effect, but it won't stick on your eyes like it will when you use Mahya's Glitter Eye Gel.
I love chili and the best part is that it will be good with pretty much any meat you have in your fridge. However, over the years I’ve found myself incapable of making a reasonable amount of chili and always end up with a ridiculous amount that I could never finish.
The event will be broadcast live from MCA’s internet platforms.
These are the beers he brought along with him for me to try:
Yesterday I told my friend: “HEY! If I thinks in this way Im sure it will be a thousands more who will agree.”
through it all, I carved something in
What are your thoughts? I'll take all the advice that I can get. This is the first time in my life I'm actually nervous about getting my hair cut. I've never been nervous about it before. It was always hair will grow back, so do whatever. That was my motto.
See full article at ShockYa »
The numbers always changing, but Facebook users are now estimated at about 650,000,000 worldwide.
Oh and hankies for napkins.
Now that the surprise has passed, the reality is hitting us. There will be two newborns in this house late December/early January. It will definitely be an adjustment, and now we're trying to make a game plan for a toddler, 2 newborns, a special needs child and another 4 year old who will also need mommy and daddy's attention too. I have decided to admit: I'm going to need help, and that is ok.
Then into tiny flowered porcelain cups
Using a #2 tip, pipe the outline of the leaf in green.
So, to get an idea of regression to the mean, let’s pick an example. Take the children in a school. (If I have to clarify for you that I’m speaking conceptually, and not demanding their physical abduction, then stop reading this now and turn yourself in to the appropriate authorities before you commit any more inadvertent felonies.) Maybe just remember your own classmates. You should find that, in most regards, most of them are around average. That’s kinda what “average” means, after all. But some will be a lot brighter than the others. Or way taller. Or they’ll have a thumb that bends back way more than it should so they can actually touch it to their wrist. (Francis, I’m looking at you, that shit is not right.)
Today, he had to have 3 xrays and was a champ. Proudly showed off his stickers to me afterward.
Where thoughts serenely sweet express
(note: most of the remaining things will relate to this first one)
So now let's get onto our very first monthly challenge which we all agreed should be
To learn more about Michael and his ventures please read on…
Trying to get inside that mindset, that of European Nationalism and National Socialism is crazy, they say. It makes a fellow lose touch with what really matters.
This week, Squigglefly challenge blog has a new challenge, to use Stickles on your card. Besides the ladybug sharing the flowers with my fairy, her wings are fairly shimmering with red Stickles.
Mary Buek I have tried just about everything at least once. I would like to learn more about jewelry making utilizing random found objects. I would also love to learn about print-making. Two things that fascinate me, but I don't think I would ever really try, are pottery (love the sensuousness of that clay and shaping with the wheel) and working with glass.
Palate cleanser: Brideshead Revisited. I had never read this, can you believe that?
One of the things we will find is that the basic principles of liberty and equality are so pervasive in our culture, we take them for granted. They are like water to a fish. They go into the background and we stop noticing them. Some Americans have told me "we don't really have a culture."
At the same time, the Commission appears to be tinkering with more general copyright protection for musical works. According to the press release:
That epic 1962 U.S. Open, a pivotal moment in one of golf’s most celebrated rivalries, is what the USGA delivered Greenburg to create a one-hour documentary. This is the 50-year anniversary of Nicklaus’ playoff win over Palmer for the first of his record 18 major championships.
Step 13: Application of hot towel on the face
"Yeah. Just finished."
Step two: Haul away loads of broken glass shards, of which there is much all over the property.
Also, if you're in Omaha and you're interested, I'm going to be on channel 6, WOWT-TV, tonight at 10:00 talking about the books and the release of The Cold Kiss on Tuesday.
Okay, okay, okay, omgod, so this chapter starts with the windspren saying to Kaladin, “Why don’t you cry?”
I think you're more dangerous than what's out there.
you did so! OR you can just tag Emma in your post!
(2) Did any particular event inspire the plot?
6. When I Last Spoke to Carol (Years of Refusal)
SEFE is now up a remarkable 232% since our initial profile on March 26th. Almost 16 million shares exchanged hands during the course of more than 6,700 individual trades. These figures show buyers are still in control, as profit-taking and short sellers were unable to suppress this run.
You know what, at this point it’s becoming unfair how the best teams always end up with the best talent in the draft, I guess it’s a credit to their organization that year in year out they continue to add talent to a team that is already capable of winning playoff games. At this point the NFL should just say screw it and give the team that wins the super bowl the 1st overall pick, because let’s face it, they’re going to draft the best player in the draft anyway. Heck, just have all 32 teams draw players out of a shiny hat, the Seahawks couldn’t do much worse than what they actually ended up doing.
6) Atlantic Tired South by Projektor - from "Atlantic Tired South"
A composer said the best way to improve the understanding of music is listening to different genres and musical styles.
The accounts were then sent to Ms. Hicks for payment. But within days, staff began hearing from authors who hadn't received their royalties. When Ms. Hicks was confronted about this, Celina reports,
the willed walls of a marriage.
* Writing and preparing of fundraising materials for government officials, including concept papers, information packets, brochures, etc.
I am in love with the May Arts silk ribbon, I've never felt anything like it! It is so soft and silky, it will give you those big delicious voluminous bows you have always wanted. You will probably be seeing more of these ribbons in my future cards they are so pretty :)
It has been a busy old year, with good bits and bad bits just like everyone else, well, it would be boring if everything was perfect all the time wouldn't it lol !
Lady fingers (Okra) -10 sliced
Donoghue admits that some of her ability to write from the perspective of a five-year-old came from her son (who was five at the time she wrote the novel) and the true-to-life quality of Jack’s character definitely comes out in the way he plays, speaks and interacts with his mother. But even if Donoghue’s secret weapon was a living breathing boy, whose words and actions she could mimic, the development of a compelling and truly suspenseful novel from the vantage point of a veritable toddler is still a feat to be admired. Room is never simplistic, or boring, or even limited by its narrator. Rather, without Jack’s perspective, the book would be a different novel entirely.
1 posed
Mix the flour, baking powder, baking soda, and salt in a bowl. Set aside. Cream the butter and sugar together in a bowl until pale yellow. Beat in the eggs and vanilla. Stir in the flour mixture alternating with the sour cream. Fold in the pureed strawberries.
Stop sighing! And stop slapping your forehead like an effing drama queen!
Since the death of his wife Ryoko seven years ago, film producer Aoyama(Ryo Ishibashi) has raised their son Shigehiko alone. The two live a happy life but Shigehiko notices his father looking worn out so asks “why don’t you marry again?” Aoyama is taken with the suggestion but is unsure how to approach remarrying. His friend Yoshikawa, a film producer, suggests staging an audition to find a girl aged between 20-35 for a role in a film that is unlikely to be made. The plan is Aoyama won’t marry the successful girl but the audition will uncover gems. Despite misgivings over the process, Aoyama proceeds and discovers ex-ballerina Asami(Eihi Shiina) and falls for her. After initial contact, she warms to his advances and Aoyama becomes increasingly infatuated with her fragile nature and beauty ignoring the dark side to the girl of his dreams.
Dozens of people, including some of the 125 residents who live in remote areas and get their mail at the outdoor post office boxes on the property, showed up for the event. Officials with Williams & Williams stood out in their business suits among the locals dressed in jeans and western attire.
You can enjoy these hot or cold.
Adler ID. Spermatogenesis and mutagenicity of environmental hazards: extrapolation of genetic risk from mouse to man. Andrologia 2000; 32: 233-237.
The Netherlands have a baby tiara tradition of their own as well.
Put the oats, chopped almonds and walnuts together. Then added the chopped and dried fresh strawberries (you can use any dry food - I just had none on hand). Sprinkled the sugar on top and mixed it well.
The inability to give or show gratitude is a mark of disfigurement, a kind of spiritual leprosy. One who can neither give nor receive can never enter into a relationship of grace, a covenant of love. The leper who returned to Jesus to say “thanks” enters into a relationship with God.
I originally planned to be gone for a conference today (National Science Teachers of America are in Indy!), but I ended up feeling really drained this week. Last night I was not feeling up to sub plans and running around a conference trying to get the most I could out of it in a day.
I am not that teacher. At least not right now. I believe I am having trouble seeing my students as young kids with all the natural and wonderful behaviors that includes. I'm taking Mr. Slinger as my model for the rest of this year. I hope I can make his actions a part of me. My students deserve that.
Big Sky Brewing Co
Despite the weather being 50/50, there was a great turnout, where all of us drove in a civilized manner and did not disrupt the locals. Thank you for showing up; it was great meeting new friends while rejoicing with old buddies.
Oh, and before I forget..... I want to remind you about Freebie Fridays at Bugaboo. Every Friday Jodie has some brand new stamps to preview....and she lets you "try before you buy" at the Bugaboo Store. This weeks freebies are some VERY CUTE sock monkeys that are very much worth trying as a freebie!!! I have seen some sock monkey stamps recently, but I must say I am partial to the cute ones Jodie has come up with. You will find some Friday Freebie Design Team examples at the Catch the Bug Challenge link above too.
Happen to be on holiday
It seems that immediately upon hearing about this the city of Shushan became perplexed.
May the grace of Christ be with you,
I have been fortunate enough to be involved from the start and have been busily assembling the Voting Panel and sorting the Criteria and then sorting it all into some sort of legible format. It's harder than you think to sit down and sort beers into any order and harder still to write comments on some of the beers to express your admiration for them. I'll keep you informed about the various goings on of the book and the controversy it is bound to generate. Keep an eye out for it in newsagents and bookshops from next Friday.
Now go take a cold shower.
Challenge 103 Winner
“I found myself getting pretty pessimistic,” he said. “When you see how badly people can treat one another, you ask yourself: ‘What is it all for? What does it all mean?’ The moment you hold your child in your hands for the first time, all those questions are answered. There’s a new sense of hope and rebirth, and also a true understanding of your parents for the first time. You get to know all the fears — and all the love — that a parent has.”
SIR – Richard Laming (Letters, February 17) considers that Greece does not have to ask permission to leave the EU, as it can do so of its own volition. Has he asked Lucas Papademos, the unelected Greek prime minister, if he would be prepared to take this logical step?
And what a great resource
one of our country drives.
she is from OREGON and has a new book coming out soon… ???
his steadfast love endures forever,
Ummm yep that was me at 4 am this morning.
After supper I took a walk down the lane past the Welcome Center and round the bend where the town of Taize— with its cobblestone walls and bursts of foxgloves and wildflowers— still lived and breathed, in no small measure due to the still, small voice in the heart of Brother Roger, the founder of the Taize community. As a college student in Switzerland, at a time when he was still wrestling between what seemed to be disparate futures as a writer or a theologian, he was asked to head up the Student Christian Association. He found it an odd request since he’d only been to one meeting and didn’t particularly like it, but he accepted, a curious assent that quickly led to the formation of his lifelong ideals. “He devised a series of Bible Studies that focused on the foundation of faith and prayer as a means to search for God,” according to Jason Brian Santos in his book A Community Called Taize. Stephan had recommended the book to me when we checked in. “He’s an American writer, too!!”
There's no reason to analyze my deep connection too closely, except that if I made too light of death in past posts, I'm sorry now. Preparing for the possibility (which means also, acknowledging the inevitability) you are going to lose your father is like going off a cliff and realizing you don't even know how deep is the gorge and no one really cares if you scream on the way down, there's no way they can stave your fall. Malick is Christian enough to know that guilt is the quickest route to humility, which is the quickest route to God. I'm sure I wasn't the only one amidst the sacrosanct BAM audience breaking down in free-flowing tears once or twice, but not long into the screening, even at the mighty BAM, cell phone blue lights came on like rows of stars below the screen. For shame!
In the morning, she isn't Frankie anymore. She doesn't remember who she is. She knows for certain only one solid truth: that she is a man. As for Terry, her boyfriend, he cannot understand what his little sex object is trying to tell him...
I also am having fun with coloured hair. They just make me smile.
You ever get so excited about something you literally start counting down the days until the big event??? Yep that is me right about now!!! What event am I talking about you ask??….Okay you didn’t really ask but I’m going to tell you anyways lol.
Last fall, one of my on-line clients asked for my help with her entryway/stairway. One of my recommendations was to paint the stair rail black and to add photography on the landing. This might make me the most boring person on earth, but when I finally get to see pictures of a plan coming together, I get crazy excited. Yesterday I received a few pictures of the updates.
I am eager to regain normal living! I am eager to gain independence again - and who would fault me? No one, I'm sure!
Most things may never happen: this one will,
Anger, fear, and confusion stirred a vicious brew inside her. Kelly was terrified of what he was about to tell her. She nodded.
Steep chai tea in 1 cup of hot water. Give it at LEAST 10 minutes.
I need chocolate.
most humbly and most pure, in the Virgin’s womb.
There was honesty in his green eyes and her options were limited. Either she stayed here with him, or she ventured outside where there were monsters. If she did that, and the man found her, she wouldn’t escape him a second time. He had fangs. He had been about to drink her blood.
I once heard a sermon from Stephen Cottrell, who was at the time newly the Bishop of Reading, now the Bishop of Chelmsford and he said that these words troubled him…
I am not going to give you a long history about the ship, its passengers, and the tragic night when it sank. I just wanted to acknowledge the anniversary and say a little prayer in remembrance of those who lost their lives on that dreadful night.
The receivership has yet to be published in Iris Oifigiuil. The press today reports that the company is “disappointed” with NAMA’s decision and that it had hoped to trade through the current difficulties. NAMA is reported to have said the receivership move was “a last resort”.
Sip.
Last week, I told Monday it needs to stop dropping by every week. This morning, I woke up and stepped in a great big ole pile of it. Monday. The good thing about it was I was off. Restraining orders against Monday are in the process.
I’ve had a great response to my query letter, with a 35%-40% request rate for fulls or partials. The first time this happened the agent responded to my query within 24 hours and asked to see the full manuscript. With my brilliance thus confirmed, I expected an offer of representation would be forthcoming. She replied a few days later with an email saying she hadn’t connected with my protagonist and was therefore passing on the project.
To all this peacefulness that was—
Travis knows his beautiful world with love, Lessa, is about to change when an old seer comes to his door one peaceful morning, giving him a glimpse of another world in destruction, one seemingly too familiar to him. She tells him of a dream that could be real, but Travis wants to forget the encounter until he wakes into that dark world. Read more...
How will you spend your time? Whatever gets your fire burning beautiful! Quiet time to listen to yourself, read a book, take a bath, write a poem, be artistic, take a nap, have a manicure, watch the stars come out, enjoy a movie, sing out loud, learn a new skill, have a giggle, book a holiday, DANCE!! There are so many options at all budgets. Maybe your next break should be spent writing a list of things that you know would revitalise you. I would love to hear what is on your list.
Now that the snow and ice have gone from our region it was time to get back to the Grove Ferry end of the recording area to see what the weather had left behind. Alan was already getting ready as I arrived at 6.10 this morning and we made our way to the ramp where a few Fieldfares passed overhead. From hear sheltered from the strong westerly wind we noted 250 Lapwings on the pool along with a pair of Pintail 8 Pochards and
Here I am three months into my study abroad experience in India. This is my last week in Delhi. I’ll be in Jaipur for a week. Then I am heading home!!!
Rip green or red tissue into thin strips. Add glue around inside edge. Place tissue down and using the paint brush - gently push and coax paper into place. Children will need an adult to demonstrate how to do this. It doesn't need to be perfect. It actually looks better the less precise it is. Let dry.
Another problem with blog commenting is the automated bots (short for robots) that look for blogs that don’t require registration in order to post. The bots can slam one or a hundred spam posts into the comments, polluting the commentary, and turning off the community. You need to think about how you will implement specific features like this, and how you will react as your community evolves.
Rhymes With Plague - My Swedish love child, Peach recipes from the Peach State, Looking after your organ.
64. Mr. Day - Get It On (3:49)
do. We sat next to each other at a retreat last week and we had a good time coloring and visiting for three days. This is a very simple version of what Marge did. Her designs were on 8 1/2 x 11 size card stock and involved more stamping. They turned our beautiful! I am creating a smaller version.
Yeah, look out for that movement.
Gold and Green Glamour... almost...
Shankar said: Two years that he has been gone, no? And this ain’t the first time either! Then he looked at the paper. It read: Prasad Banerjee, Uganda Railway Head Office, Construction Department, Mombasa, East Africa.
Meditation on Turning Fifty
The second form my trouble takes is that of pride. Not only do I forget that God is God, but I also forget that I am not God. I have trouble remembering that at the end of the day, whether or not I have responded to every e-mail that has come in, the world will keep on spinning. I have trouble remembering that I can’t (and shouldn’t) control other people. I have trouble remembering that even when I get it wrong, God is still good and faithful and can redeem my mistakes and my sins. I have trouble remembering that God will keep working around me, no matter what I do or don’t do.
All candidates interested in the jobs listed below are encouraged to apply online at www.chase.com/careers and enter the accompanying requisition numbers:
The sand on his chest. The rocky beach behind him. The blue of the sky.
Not strictly a ‘local’ offering but I thought I’d include it by way of an apology for the bucketing I gave the Kiwis in two recent posts. This has a very smooth and tasty malt front with a crisp, refreshing hop kick. The two elements are beautifully balanced and the overall taste leans more towards flavour than the strength of the hop ‘bite’ which works well. A mild hop aroma and a nice lively bubble as the name suggests. Matched well with roast chook.
3D dots.
The smiles that win, the tints that glow,
I hot-glued the small rosette to the large rosette and decorated the centers of the rosettes with various brads, stickers and chipboard die-cuts from Studio G, K and Company and Recollections. I then hot glued each rosette set to both sides of the pencils. I also inked the rosettes with Tim Holtz Distress Ink -Black Soot
And in case you are wondering I haven't been able to keep up the photo a day challenge or post much recently as have had shoulder and back problems which is aggravated by sitting at a computer, so have had to save my computer time for work only.
Actually our entire lives are a spiritual experience. Anything that we experience with grace, devotion or awareness is a spiritual experience, even our daily activities. We should make all our experiences into spiritual experiences by learning to see the Divine delight in the entire play of creation, honoring the Divine presence in our own hearts and in the hearts of all creatures.
Oh, if you have a couple free moments, I could also recommend a classic story by Wayne, that is now quite a few years old but I think still stands up as an example of keen storytelling (click site here and be sure you get the story from 1995). It should start with a black screen with the writing: “The Place”).
Then had We made thee taste a double (punishment) of living and a double (punishment) of dying, then hadst thou found no helper against Us. (17:73-75)
He once butchered a deer in my basement because he didn't want his wife knowing he'd bagged it. When I went outside, I realized he had dragged the bleeding carcass from the bed of his pickup truck to my cellar door...over the fresh, white snow. My yard looked like the scene of a massacre.
We started planning back in January for our March trip. I did lots and lots of googling and read a few blogs that reported on NYC trips. Cost was, of course, a factor. We put most of our money into our lodging and looked for low-cost activities that would give us a great taste of New York.
“It caused him to work in fits and starts,” Anderson said. “He had periods of extreme inactivity and bursts of creativity when he cleaned himself up.”
What is strange – he cries when he talks about the custody battle for his son. He says their relationship is “really hurt to this day”. So how is coming forward and claiming 14 new children going to improve that relationship? There was no custody battle. It was sperm. And if they aren’t his kids – think of the situation he put his kid in having to be associated with that woman.
DAVID #1: Why, David, I believe I hear those sleigh bells jingling ring-ting-tingling too!
“Well, I was having second thoughts about the raid myself but, after I heard your outstanding speech, I was convinced that I did the right thing”.
*clears throat*
Now, I understand the fear, I really do. BUT. I can’t help feeling quite optimistic. I quite agree that it might be hard to make money from this writing lark once everything it instantly piratable and downloadable onto your phone. But, on the other hand, it has never been easy to make a decent living as a writer; it’s just a fact of life.
A couple minutes after that, we finally reached the waterfall. Stunning as I imagined. We all gathered around and took pictures of it. Mella told me earlier not to bother bringing a bathing suit, since we aren’t allowed to go inside for a little swim. I noticed the warning sign, but I also noticed people breaking the rules… So I regretted not bringing it just in case. However, that didn’t stop us from going in. We had shorts and tank, so that should be okay, right? Of course! So in we went!
The teams take the field
Add the butter to the pan and allow it to melt. Over medium heat add the corn, salt and pepper and cook stirring occasionally, for 5 to 7 mins. Stir in the herbs and serve hot. This really is so good, I hope you will try it! I was so busy geting everything ready I never got a picture of it but it is also a PRETTY dish! Now here are some pics for you to enjoy of our evening.
Leave your battlelogs in the comments if you want to play.
Snowflake punch: Martha Stewart
Don't worry, if you can't tune in live we are also going to be posting the audio in iTunes like we always have, and also posting it right here in the blog, and we are still are going to stream it on Stitcher for you iPhone, Blackberry, and Droid users.
1. Superbrands are characertized by careful nurturing and monitoring of their owners. It is not clear to me how this "tender loving brand care" is supposed to be transformed in the social networks/virtual goods world. Instead of an utopian outcome, I could plausibly foresee the opposite. Thus, uncontrolled use of valuable brands in undesirable virtual settings could have a deleterious, if not worse, affect on the value of the brand, especially given the huge number of players engaged in and exposed to these brands.
I have heard this question a lot lately: "I'm bumping heads with my French boss a lot, what do I do? nothing works!?"... Here are a few things I've noticed about French bosses and am sharing in hopes that it may help...
Day 3 - A 20 minute run! Holy Cow. I stressed for days about this one too. Even told my APE teacher at school that I was nervous and unsure I would be able to complete. Guess what?? I did it no problem! I was shocked! So proud of myself and I NEVER THOUGHT I WOULD BE ABLE TO RUN 20 MINUTES. EVER.
I'm going to Sienna, Italy!!!! June 30th - July 6th! Matt got a very prestigious award at work and we are being sent to Italy for the Palio races and tour of some of the wineries! Not only am I so proud of his accomplishment and acknowledgment of his hard work for the company, but I'm over the moon excited to be going back there 13 years later! I went to Italy the week I met Matt, for 6 weeks with Syracuse University and their Inclusive Education program. I was a grad student, nervous, but adventurous! I remember being in awe of the scenery, art, and people. It was overwhelming as a young woman who had never been over the ocean... now I'm more experienced and am ready to see it through a more adult set of eyes. I can't wait!!! What to bring, what to wear, what to do to prepare???? When Matt went 2 years ago, I was so mad that I didn't get to go with him, but this will be romantic, crazy, and just plain exciting! I better brush up on my Italian!
why yes, it is slightly pretentious, but it rolls of the tongue and needs no explaining when i'm meeting new people or in interviews, and it has my name in it, which is never a bad thing.
Although Kickstarter does charge a fee, using the Kickstarter model allows us to pull in bonus goals and do other things that would be difficult if not using Kickstarter -- they've done all the website-programming already. Plus, I expect that the Kickstarter name will increase sales, although I'm not sure it's by 5% (not for an already well-known company like Necromancer or Frog God).
“It must have been a few hours ago... yes... yes... it was, around the third hour of the night (it being around the 5th hour now), while he was going around lighting the braziers. I had passed him on the stairs, paying him no attention...and the next thing I knew he was lying dead in the garden.”
The handgun is the best weapon you can carry easily. I understand it is not always possible to have one due to laws, restrictions, whatever. I am not telling anyone to disregard laws about carrying weapons. Each person has to decide for themselves what they are comfortable with. I will say there is no substitute for a pistol when you need one.
What differences does Hareton have from the previous generations?
The young gunslinger looked at the old man and laughed, saying, "Hey old man, have you ever danced?" The old man looked up at the gunslinger and said, "No, I never did dance. . . Never really wanted to."
Here is my new, greatly improved and perfect crafty space!
Citizens can choose Angels at the Penn Square Mall location. When the presents are returned from the mall and the businesses, hundreds of volunteers will work to “process” the gifts at The Salvation Army Christmas Distribution Center, located this year at the empty Walmart Building at Reno and Midwest Blvd. in Midwest City.
- Smoked Bourbon Pecans
* Hi Gemma and welcome to tall tales & short stories. Could you tell us a little about yourself?
-The last few days here have been cool and rainy. My patio furniture, that I put out about 10 days ago is just getting wet.
Do you see how it works?
Our daughter and her estranged husband have been at their wits end with the worry of it all.
blew it hard and fully up…
And the internet could bring you
Apple allows the wildcard character * to be used for a suite of applications. When testing various version of a game during development, it’s sometimes useful to be able to reuse a generic Provisioning Profile and App ID.
Instead of forwarding your letter to Mrs. Wilder I wrote her about the passage and said that in reprinting we hoped that she would allow us to change it. I have just received her answer. She says: "You are perfectly right about the fault in Little House on the Prairie and have my permission to make the correction you suggest. It was a stupid blunder of mine. Of course Indians are people and I did not intend to imply they were not." We are changing the next printing to read "There were no settlers."*
"The Senate Finance Committee in Washington, DC is currently considering a proposal to increase and equalize the excise tax for alcohol beverages as part of healthcare reform deliberations. This proposal would triple the excise tax for 4.5% ABV beer and impose even higher excise tax rates for higher ABV beers.
USA Pro Cycling Challenge, August 20-26
So should Israel then apologize for her sovereignty? Should America apologize for her liberty? Should Indonesia apologize for her secularism? Should Nigeria apologize for her constitution? Hell no.
Next I headed to Joann's and picked up the rest of my supplies:
Lead, Kindly Light, amidst th'encircling gloom,
But I can’t shake this nagging feeling that a relationship of this sort would be a mistake, for several reasons. First, it’s not very responsible for me to form such a tie when I still have so much emotional baggage to lose. That just seems obvious. But more pressing to me is the feeling that I couldn’t possibly make someone else happy. That any relationship I entered would end up being one-sided. That I would be able to take, but have nothing to give in return. And that is unacceptable. I wouldn’t wish such a fate upon my worst enemy, let alone someone that I want to love.
Well thats all for now. Thanks for reading and take care!
The players are exceptional: the shredding guitars, the jazzy drums, the stabbing Hammond organ, the operatic vocal chops, the unexpected acoustic ballad “Nonchalant.” And yet despite that proliferation of talent, Druckfarben are shockingly tasteful: even the noodly guitar parts are inserted as intrinsic parts of the arrangement, not just an excuse to wank. If this is your thing, it’s really your thing. Druckfarben is the brave band that redefines retro for a grossly
The stable looks as if it's about to fall down and yes, there are a few horses in there. So, I did call and complain to the proper authorities about a week ago. I drove by today and one horse is gone, though perhaps he has just been moved to a farther field. This is a stables company after all. The other adult and baby remain.
You do as your told. You head over to the itunes store because the vastness of your empty brain is equivalent to several airplane hangers. You pop open the application and then this happens…
I'm up to eleven inches on my lacy cowl turned snood. Another nine inches to go. I'm averaging about over an inch a day on my bus rides and I'm thinking I'll have this finished in time for the weather to warm back up. Hard to take a good picture at night. It's actually a bright sky blue with sparkles. I'm thinking about putting this away to finish the next project first.
God has dressed us in clothes that mark our blessed-ness. Like a small child we need to grow up until they fit right. That’s the work of the Spirit in our lives and our perseverance in trying to live lives of right-relatedness with God. It’s about saying sorry when we fall short and miss the mark. It’s about receiving God’s forgiveness and trying again.
“Wavespan would like to extend a special thank you to Rurik Leffanta (xoxos), whose ‘23_words’ VST was utilized to create the endlessly varying permutations of the jazz loop you hear throughout the piece. In addition, Wavespan and TGBTS are grateful to Michael Saunders (Metatheseus), who graciously permitted the sampling of his podcast.
This week we have another great challenge for you...one of your all time favourites.......I know you love these ones......
Quote: “In this house we obey the laws of thermodynamics!”
We have the most interesting conversations in the car. Here is our Sunday morning conversation that we had this morning on the way home from church. Just for the record, this had nothing to do with anything that was mentioned in church today.
Tel.: (770) 738-2382
Resurrect the saint from within the wretch
Have a good week y'all!
Of course! Had the family been liberals from New York, the story would not be nearly so convincing.
It may be the way they look, the way they move, the way they smile. It could be the sound of their voice, the scent of their cologne... and, inexplicably... the way they make you feel.
I made a comment to the Lord about how I enjoyed watching him, and I heard the soft whisper in my heart, "That's how I am with you when you're living the way I created you to be." Suddenly, an image came to my mind of the humming bird, filled with worry and fear. He didn't have time to be enjoyed because he was too busy striving to make sure he had enough to eat, took care of those he loved, and most all...strove to get everything exactly right. The sight of a weighed-down humming bird was so wrong that it hurt me to imagine. I knew in a moment God was showing me that He wants me to be the way I was created. I don't have to be a humming bird, wishing I could soar like another bird. I don't have to burden myself with trifle necessities that God knows I need. I can be at peace. I can be enjoyed by Him and be His delight by being who He created me to be--His.
If you watch the skies often enough, you will see all kinds of fascinating things. I captured this wispy cloud in a brilliant October sky last year. It wasn’t a part of a larger cloud formation, but just seemed to be suspended in the sky. I thought it was both interesting and pretty.
1. Rock & Roll Band
Remove the pan from the oven and pour the batter into the cups, filling the cups to the rim. Bake for 20 minutes, then turn down the temperature to 325 degrees and continue to bake for another 40 minutes, or until the popovers are completely browned and pouffy. Don’t open the oven door to look at the popovers until at least 40 minutes into baking. You want them to be golden brown all over and tall; if you open the oven door too soon, they will deflate once they are out of the oven. Let cool in the pan on a wire rack for about 10 minutes, or until cool enough to handle.
d. A geek deity
Okay, sorry to bore you guys. But weeelllll.....
A trace of light.
It took several months to plan, but my husband and I made a fun getaway out of it, and drove 5+ hours up to Vermont to participate in the study. It was incredible!I had everything from a DEXA scan that shows bone density in addition to body mass and fat content. That was basically a full body XRAY and showed some interesting data. It only took a few minutes and was fascinating to learn about. Apparently, in your lifetime, your bone density as a woman, decreases dramatically.
He also blamed the negative campaigning employed by some of the more right-wing members of Umno, many of them Perkasa supporters, for the loss of Chinese support for BN.
2097.***E-IX/7/2001. On the targeting of Palestinian militant leaders, pros and cons. (Incorporated in Item B-14 (Projected), above, Letter C-18.)
"The current process for dealing with orphan works inhibits the creation of new uses of these works,” said Congressman Smith who requested the report. “This report will shed light on the problem and potential answers.”
Min 2: You put an X before the #31 because you don’t want people to know that you have a follower account in the triple digits. You’re afraid that if other people know this they’ll tell you to shut the feck up. They’ll take you out and stone you in the WordPress Village for being so greedy! But, you know, just know, that there are other bloggers out there with follower counts in the quadruple digits, like this guy! OH, HOW I WISH I HAD A FOOD BLOG!
I imagine there’s probably some copyright infringement reason that I can’t call myself a “census worker.” Actually, I’m more interested in the subjective aspects of people’s lives anyway. While counting is admittedly a thrill, there’s not much room for variation from the standard whole numbers unless the home you’re visiting contains residents with sizeable fractions of their bodies amputated. I want to know more about what people think, how they feel, how they view and interpret their world.
(And yes, the Pierre Herme macaron flavors card will be coming back to Seattle and will find a prominent place on our huge American refrigerator. We won't want to lose touch with our Paris fanciness.)
590 players minus 562 who are in sportsmanship leagues which forbid
Band of Brides demands that the Icelandic public be alert and regain their innocence! Band of Brides is aware that that there is no saviour in waiting! Band of Brides is aware that the emperor is naked! Band of Brides is aware that those who only do what they know spend their life treading the same path! Band of Brides demands the disallowance of import taxes on pink lipstick!
Mix together the shredded cheese (I shred it myself with my Cuisinart's shredding attachment because it's fast and easy, but please buy a block of cheese and shred yourself one way or another; it makes a difference!) and cornstarch and set it aside for a few minutes. You want this prep done first.
I typically work with a combination of 3D and 2D applications, blending the processes to achieve the final result. My main 3D weapon of choice is Modo but I also use Vue and occasionally Lightwave. And then I’ll always throw final renders into Photoshop and/or After Effects for tweaking and colourisation/grading.
1 reintroduce
3. that Bayer did not sufficiently "work" the patent in India.
We're down to two and a half weeks left of school. I am really looking forward to summer break. I'll still have to work to get things ready for next year, but at least I won't have to be in everyday.
One possible conclusion reached from this experiment could be this:
The last full week of treatment was 12th-15th May (just after Jake’s birthday) but the last dose of Cyclophosphamide was 18th May and that wrapped up Phase 2, the only thing is that I’ve missed a couple of lumbar punctures mainly down to unfortunately hospital problems.
"The stamp is just to get it from one post office to another," he said. "But you have to pay for delivery!"
If you have a hot product, people want it. We know when something impacts us, when we believe it’s great. And when we find something good, we want to get closer, we want to tell everybody we know. You don’t have to tweet, you don’t have to Facebook, you don’t even need a website. But it’s got to be different, it’s got to challenge conventional wisdom, it’s got to appeal to people’s hearts more than their pocket books.
So, to wrap up our story time, we found a video of the author singing the song and watched that. If you have the time, it’s worth viewing, especially at this time of year.
From deep and rushing waters and loch gates
1/2 cup all vegetable shortening divided into 2
I SHALL BE COMING OVER TO YOUR COUNTRY FOR AN OFFICIAL MEETING BY NEXT WEEK AND I WILL BE BRINGING YOUR CONSIGNMENT CONTAINING THE FUND WHICH HAS BEEN PACKAGED AND SEALED IN YOUR FAVOR BUT THIS TIME I WILL NOT GO THROUGH CUSTOMS BECAUSE AS A U.S AMBASSADOR TO NIGERIA, GOVERNMENT AGENT AND I HAVE THE VOTER POWER TO GO THROUGH CUSTOMS.I AM SCHEDULED TO HAVE A MEETING WITH THE SECRETARY OF STATES BY NEXT WEEK.
We cleaned out our closets last week, and we painted the bathroom and kitchen cabinets in our rental.
So I rushed out to the nursery yesterday to buy a couple of big bags of my favourite mulching medium ... sugar cane mulch. On the opposite side of the driveway the mulch is provided by the overhanging trees, but on the side where this rock garden bed is located, I need to add mulch if I want it on the bed. I've been using sugar cane mulch for a couple of years now, and I can't speak highly enough of it. It is wonderful for moisture retention and for water penetration as the coarse mulch does not compact like others. I also find that here in the tropics, this particular mulch seems to promote earthworms, which is fantastic for the rather nutrient poor soil that's the norm for this property.
We also meet the hero of book 3 briefly in this book and I do want his story too, especially if the book is as good as this one was. At times I could not put it down because I felt for Dai and there are things going on too, that I cannot mention. All making it exciting at times.
There is perhaps an inevitable ‘chip-on-shoulder’ defensiveness in regional arts institutions when critics attack ‘our’ venues, especially when it is such a struggle to get arts outside of the capital acknowledged at all. Nevertheless, I think most of us regional arts workers are capable of critical distance and our chip-on-shoulder is almost inevitable when consistently faced with such poor examples of journalism.
What were we talking about? Oh yes! Putting up with your room mate!
Robert "Rack" Hansen, a veterinarian in rural Verde Valley, Arizona, receives an urgent call from a local farmer, Walter Colby (Woody Strode). Colby is upset because his prize calf has become sick for no apparent reason, and brings the animal to Hansen's laboratory. Hansen examines the calf, which dies shortly afterward. Hansen tells Colby he cannot explain what made the animal so ill so quickly, but takes samples of the calf's blood to a university lab in Flagstaff.
However, I found it impossible to track down index card filers. The only ones I found had the alphabet on them, so I made my own, using regular file folders, and cutting them to size (you'll want to make the tab part smaller too.)
Don’t waste your time with this film. Go and see the original Titanic.
Once we get to London it's a thoroughly enjoyable romp of villains and comeuppances, hide-and-seek and illusions, theatrical plots and cunning plans, sharing unlikely friendships and dodging enemies. And, like Dickens, Dolan gives us a really rousing ending with all the ends tied up.
Jools brings the band to Lowdham to preview their stunning new album, ‘A Place of Whispers.’ (Parade 102)
You can find the previews of these tracks online on our YouTube channel:
So what exactly was Romney saying. Somehow, someway the term Urban became another way to describe African American people as a whole.
This week, being Easter, I thought it fitting to focus on inspirational and valued Easter Messages.
Meanwhile, stir the yogurt and harissa together in a small bowl, and let sit at room temperature while the chicken roasts.
Giveaway # 28
Welcome! i'm thrilled you found me
That said, it was a sad statement of my fandom when I had to learn about the new CD on Facebook when my friend and former coworker Maggie posted the video.
PING!!!
I've made no secret of the fact that 2009 ranks as one of my least favorite years. My health issues so contaminated the novel I was writing that I had to set it aside entirely; even now, it exudes a miasma that seems unhealthy. Since publication of Shock and Awe at the end of 2007, I've completed one novel (Earthly Vessels, which, alas, is entirely unsuited to my MNW autorial persona), and had two others grind to a halt 100-200 pages on in glorious 2009.
*At this point, you can put everything in the fridge until you are ready to cook it. That makes this a great make-ahead meal, especially if you are serving this to guests, so everything is finished ahead of time.
The concept 2 season ends on 30th April. A few odd meters to round the lifetime total to a nice number.
2 tablespoons of vegetable oil or real butter melted
Bottom of the Slide
... from the movie, "Sixteen Candles"... come on, gals, you know the scene... at the end of the movie... Claire sitting on top of the dinning room table... lights are down... with the guy of her dreams... FINALLY getting her happy birthday kiss... "If You Were Here" by the Thompson Twins... check it out over to the right.
And what are Soubise Onions I hear you cry? They were exquisite! We were told they were lightly pickled onions that were then puréed to concentrate the flavour. Looked a bit grey smeared on the plate the sweet and sour explosion in the mouth was gorgeous.
Hear No Bullshit
Marley squinted through the oppressive sun’s glare that silhouetted his lanky friend’s less than intimidating stance. With his blond curly hair and light skin Roland Augustine was one shiny breastplate and a pear shaped helmet from looking like his conquistador forefathers. But that was another month’s history lessons. How quick they forget, Marley thought, or perhaps it was just selective memory.
stars long dead still visible.
Over the past year, I have been carving out space in my garage, laughingly calling it the Man Cave. But recently, I have taken this space more seriously, especially enjoying its sweet solitude late at night, with the door open, and the cool evening Texas breezes filling it. During Spring Break, I spent most nights (and mornings after midnight) in this space.
Coworker who was in said meeting ... who owns wrapped up desk ... gave me dirty looks the whole time, yeah he knew. Was a good joke though and he did think it was funny!
I finally told him I didn’t want him involved with the household finances at all because he was such a nightmare to deal with and he didn’t help with anything. I won’t go into the issue of his misappropriation of funds… I learned my lessons about that years ago – one reason I did not have any joint accounts with him where he would have direct access to my income.
A Malay girl was reportedly KIDNAPPED in Tampines Street 22 a few days ago, prompting one concerned mother Kareen Ng to ask for assistance from her MP Baey Yam Keng on Facebook last night:
As this was happening, Wifesy said to her boss-doctor:
To make it easier we have come up with five categories for suggestions
Both films take place over the course of roughly 1-2 days.
Vente Privee offers shipping to the UK, France, Belgium, Germany, Austria, Spain and Italy.
Bold wallpaper, grey wall slates and chandeliers give the restaurant a modern yet classy outlook. Natural light pours into the restaurant during the day and by night, the restaurant is transformed into a romantic venue. There is also an outdoor terrace where you can literally dine under the stars at night.
Some seafood for to slay - oh
In beer, the range is orders of magnitude bigger. Part of the thing that makes people lose confidence in wine (aside from the fact that they're gambling with thirty bucks a pop) is that they fear/know it all tastes pretty much the same. If someone suggests to you that there's some blackberry in the glass, sure, you can swish until you find it. It's difficult to feel like you're just faking it. The whole thing can feel like a game of three card monty. Or a modern art exhibit.
Update: If you haven’t yet, check out the Virtual Vegan Potluck over at an unrefined vegan’s blog. I think today is the last day to sign up. It looks like there’s some space in soups, breads, and beverages.
I love the idea of doing a popcorn with white and pink chocolate drizzle on it. Then serving them in these popcorn cones! I also really dig the kraft paper look so these would be easy to cut and roll myself instead of buying new.
I’ve also received this blog award twice!
What I’ve discovered over the course of these past two years is a lot, including most importantly, my passion for writing. I guess you can say I had my own kind of “coming out” in the sense that I let my hidden passion for writing become part of my public, professional life. I had buried my love for writing over the years—throughout school, I thought that people would look down on me when I said I wanted to be an artist or a writer. So I covered up these thoughts of mine and went on studying other subjects in order to feel accepted by others.
I posted a while ago about the benefits of shopping with grocery lists. Today I am going to expand on that to show you how you can use your grocery list to it's highest potential.
Oh I see, he's having a w*nk.
- share your thoughts, opinions and ideas about selected artworks.
Carrot, 1 pc, cut into slices
He didn't know this at the time but I also just watched last night, a documentary called "Trading on Thin Air". Free on Hulu. The content was good, movie making ability, meh. But it spoke of the new "cap and trade" where someone 'in power' will issue "carbon credits" and this will be the end as we know it. It will be another fiat currency scheme, like the one we are dealing with today. A scheme watched over by the same people that failed us during THIS economic fiasco of fraud and bail outs to the "too big to fail" banks.
Final total = $4.32 + tax
The final requirement for winners is to tell seven previously undisclosed things about themselves to their loyal readers (This is a lot like work). I’m not exactly a private person, but I’ve decided to just make some of this stuff up rather than risk boring people with nothing but facts. In a wacky twist, you’ll have to decide for yourselves which of my following are facts and which are fabrications.
This is the world of David Miscavige. A world where he can spend any amount, buy anything he wants, all with millions of parishioner money. Your money. And lord it over the lowly Sea Org Members who surround him.
But! YOU CAN HELP ME
In class, though, if she liked the topic, she was fully engaged and showed a high functioning intellect and an out-of-the-box imagination. If she thought the topic boring, she stared sullenly ahead, chin on her fist.
will not contemplate Payday cash Loans as a means of encouraging with on-going personal debt complications – they aren’t developed to assistance in that capability
We have the new pink ATG gun in the store. This is lighter in weight and slightly smaller than the red metal or yellow atg guns. Please stop by and have us show you how this adhesive gun works. I think you'll like it and the adhesive re-fills are really economical when compared to most other glue or tape runners.
ME: Dude, you are worse than I am at this and it's your native language.
**According to this site, the Quartodeciman’s were the ones who calculated, not Easter, but Christ’s crucifiction to the Jewish Passover, and the site then states “Those who continued to keep Easter with the Jews were called Quartodecimans (14 Nisan) and were excluded from the Church.”. So, those who follow the BIBLE’s date of Christ’s death were excluded from the church!
to accomplish God’s perfect will
While everyone knows that any police service will use agents, our problem is the lack of accountability with which agents can be used. The bad practices in the past cannot be repeated.
* Trying to think first before saying anything. I may not have succeeeded completely, but have made a good effort. I suppose that counts.
St Symeon the New Theologian (1994) said that, “This does not mean that the heavens and the elements will disappear, but that they will be re0rdered and renewed, and will come into a better and an incorruptible condition” (p. 100). He added that heaven and earth, with everything they contain, is to be “renewed and to be delivered from the bondage of corruption, and these elements together with us will become partakers of the brightness proceeding from the Divine fire” (p. 101). Creation having become useless because of our sinfulness, it will be melted “in the fire by God the Creator and recast, and will appear new” (p. 101). Such is the meaning of the coming of the day of the Lord.
I couldn't watch.
then went after you
Having said that it didn’t work, at the time I was really happy with it, and so I sent it off to a couple of publishers and one agent. Interestingly enough, it was the agent who got back to me with something other than a form letter/rejection. She said that the story intrigued her, but that I should turn it into a screenplay or a script for a graphic novel.
Sometimes things don't go as you planned, and most of the time, it's still ok.
which suddenly becomes one you have never read, never even heard of,
Shame.
We shall discuss this more in relation to the third novel I’ve written, sometime soon. In the meantime, what do you think? Is there a place for frank religious dialogue within even fiction? Is it possible to include it without its being preachy or cheesy? Will the general public ever be open-minded enough to feel that it is? (I include myself in “general public,” since my evaluation of the Blue Like Jazz movie wasn’t probably as shining as they would have liked.) I’d really love to get some feedback on this. I know some of you are atheists, so I’d be as curious about your take as I am about fellow Christians’. Thanks, The Readership. You’re the best!
Remainders is on at the Pegasus Theatre Oxford from Wednesday 23rd – Saturday 26th May.
I swam a little harder today at the pool and I left feeling the need to shed my winter coat, my scarf, my gloves. Oh true, there is still time, a few weeks yet before we can properly greet spring, but there's no doubt...I can feel a little spring in my step as I move about today.
1 activates
Bernard Manning
What normally takes me 20 minutes, at least, to go through, took me all of 4 minutes. I was anxious about that camera. I don't know why. I guess because this was already a replacement camera to one that got broken a few months before. And there are precious photos on it from this trip. Granted... it wasn't the only camera on the trip, but STILL!
Chris and I decided we needed to look like RAs, so we took pictures. You see every dorm has pictures of their RAs hanging up somewhere by the RA office. We modeled ours after it. You can judge how well we did.
Throughout Ireland, north and south, throughout the “English-speaking” world, throughout most of industrialized nations, debates about the future of education are raging. In most nations the dominant narrative of this debate focuses on concepts such as “rigour,” and “privatization,” “higher standards” and
Works for wealthy and special interests rather than the middle class. YES
Spanish government officials said they were still gathering information about the move, but said it was different from Argentina’s takeover of Spanish-owned oil company YPF just over two weeks ago.
Carey Mulligan in a two tone Prada dress. Okay, she looks like a disco ball. I think she should have worn this to a party instead? In fact she did, the after party saw her shining in this and it looked good then! Nonetheless, the shoes are fine. Too pointy, but fine.
hey, everybody. whether you think it's a special religious holiday, or a day for easter egg hunts, or just the right excuse for a BBQ, i wish you all a Happy Easter. since most of us will be busy today, this is a short post about a small, but awesome trade, and a couple of trade bait cards that missed being included in an earlier post. here we go...
3) What are your ideals? What is important to you–easing the plight of the homeless, caring for animals, preventing the abuse of the elderly, teaching children? What tiny actions can you take to help your cause?
Video showing the terminology discovery a week ago:
Or the government mechanisms that make the insurance companies whose cost you complain about so much possible in the first place.
What do you think is the responsibility of a specialized ministry in regard to advocacy? Even though Sally wasn’t a member of Special Gathering, did we still have an obligation to advocate for her? What could be done for Sally, since she didn’t want any help?
love & hugs
When You regarded me,
By this point I was pretty stuffed and I was eyeing up the apple sorbet and Polish vodka as a refreshing dessert, but the Eccles cake & Lancashire cheese (£6.80) was calling me. It's their signature dessert and after a bit of gentle persuasion from the waiter I went for it. Thinking about it, this is actually a really obvious dessert choice for me. It was flaky pastry, salty cheese and a few currents, what's not to love about that combination? Of course I enjoyed and, of course I was defeated. Writing this up I regret declining the offer of a doggy bag as I could easily eat a whole serving right now, maybe next time we'll stick to one starter each so that I have room for my dessert.
VG247 is quoting an anonymous source (always a bad start to a rumour) as saying that Sony believes it is in a position to get the PS4 out of the door before the launch of Microsoft’s Xbox 720.
Our doctor, as I’ve said before, is amazing, but there are some things he just can’t help with – recommending good allergy-friendly places to eat, top holiday spots for catering for a food allergic child, the best ‘free from’ foods to buy, recipes for the ideal eggless, wheatless, ‘add your own allergy’-less breads, cakes, etcetera.
1And I heard a great voice out of the temple saying to the seven angels, Go your ways, and pour out the vials of the wrath of God upon the earth.
and put what you have learned to use in all other relationships and areas of your life.
Sometimes cheaper than owning a car!
Second place in Storefront Vanilla: PolkaDots
I love flowers. He hated them – why bother when they’re just going to die?
You allow me to be myself
“In Spain today, a cycle similar to Greece is starting to develop,” said HSBC chief economist Stephen King.
Martina and I were just talking about this topic recently. Freelance editors come at a hefty price, but literary agent Rachelle Gardner seems to make the case on her blog that they can be a very valuable asset if used properly. Maybe you've been considering contacting one. Check out her post today before you go any further. It may help you make the call a little bit easier.
- Common Examination Practice Rules and Quality Management and
I have some friends and even some family who were adopted. At some point I think every adopted person gains a desire to meet or research their biological parents. To some degree that motivation to know is driven by a secondary desire to know oneself. Certainly, our genetics do not determine the entirety of our identity, but who we are does have something to do with where we come from. As a history lover, I was naturally fascinated by my own family tree. During middle school I got very involved in our heritage projects, especially when studying Ellis Island, which was made more relevant living here in New Jersey with immigrant great grandparents who had passed through there. I loved hearing the awesome and tragic family stories, which have become part of me, they bring to life how I got here, who I am, and the legacy that I have inherited. For every dark part of this legacy I am motivated to change it, learn, and grow from it.
For the first time in Charlotte's fifteen months, she has muttered out what we are finally considering her first, true word, "two." While small and not so significant, it bears importance to us.
14. VII Good night!
Our trial outing was to the library for story hour Thursday. We knew from last year that lots of children would be wearing costumes. (Pa was the only grownup wearing one: his red sweater and Santa hat.)
2)For all this my argument isn’t against the ‘merely’ entertaining. I enjoy ‘silly’ films as much as anyone else. But some of these films fall into the ‘no harm no foul done’ category whereas others though they’re still not deep enough as films advance a certain insidious agenda. It’s like a third rate thinker heading a racist political party not being taken seriously for any ‘rigor’ in his thought but moreso for the dangerous nature of his ‘superficiality’. To advance problematic messages there is no requirement of ‘deep thought’ behind them. In politics for example it is usually the most basic message that is most effective. But even this elementary message nonetheless rests on all kinds of theoretical assumptions. and so in the language of cinematic example once more I object to the quintessential SRK film not the average Akshay Kumar starrer (unwatchable as I might find it!).
GENRE : HIP HOP / RAP
Your resentment is delicious.
The legend goes on to say that a curse was then placed on the dogwood trees so that they would never grow large again for the creation of crosses.
8 One 6:06
Sedona from the OH200 bust last year wasn't 100% convinced that the agility equipment was supposed to be a good time, but she was willing to try it out anyway.
Her hand was on the back of my head pushing my lips into her flower and grinding against my face. This sensation that was taking control of her was so raw and sensual that she accommodated it not gently but with the aggressive pursuit of a woman enraged with anguish, who was intent on vanquishing that anguish with agonizing pleasure. Nothing mattered to her more now that the experience of sexual pleasure.
2 promised
A hutch, cupboard, or cabinet of any age, style, or color is a MUST HAVE for anyone who is a collector. Sitting at the bottom of our basement steps is a very old jelly cupboard that is perfect for more than one of my collections.
Ok, how about something more homely? Something that will show that I’m not averse to any physical contact, but I’m not going to have rampant sex on the pavement outside the George & Dragon two minutes after meeting. Something like Cuddles4U perhaps? No, sounds like I’m motherly, smell of wee and have a lot of cats.
I think color with a light hand can be just as effective in setting a mood.
I'm reminded of the recent news that Kentucky Fried Chicken had branded paving installed atop Louisville potholes – fixing the city's broken streets even while reminding everyone who lived there where they could buy fried breast meat.
She admonished me several times for yelling at her but I just didn't care. I really laid into her from that backseat (but I never called her out of her name because that ain't my steez). After about 10 minutes of futile yelling, I calmed down. She began the process of getting my car impounded. While she was logging all of the contents of my van, I realized I could slip my right hand outta my handcuffs. Hmmm...what could I do with this? Open the door and run? Use the sash from my sweater to strangle the cop from the back seat? Yeah right. The K in K. Rock does not stand for krazy.
March ’09 Five GSA employees conducted a “scouting trip” to visit nine Las Vegas-area hotels.
You know, we do not have the most affirming message: that is, we do not have a message that says: “I’m okay, you’re okay” like a certain book from the 1970s. Anyone who leaves these services thinking he has been told how good he is, has not paid any attention to our liturgy. We do not approach God thanking Him that we are not as other men, boasting of being “good people.” Rather, “we bewail our manifold sins and wickedness, which we, from time to time, most grievously have committed.” Frankly, there is no other way to approach God.
* Only 16 of the 27 EU nations either opted for (or were allowed into) the eurozone. It’s also becoming pretty clear that only four or at most five of that 16 were really ‘ready’ for monetary union. Even they however (thanks to French intransigence) failed to instate the necessary common disciplines to make it practicable. Those nations outside the zone are now being asked to come to its aid. Even a Government as weak as that led by David Cameron isn’t going to agree to that for much longer.
4. Erykah Badu “Window Seat”
*I got a nephew on my side at the end of September. He is our first one!!! Jude is adorable, and after surviving a rough start, he is getting so big and fun all of the time.
Weight: 8.0kg
As always the kids have a fabulous time at the creek. While i'm running around snapping pictures of the wildflowers, they are climbing trees, wading in the water, feeding fish and catching salamanders and crawdads. They are also learning to identify many of the different plants and flowers in the area. My daughter is extremely inquisitive and wants to know the name of everything. My boy acts less interested, but is a total sponge with knowledge. i'm sometimes surprised by the amount of information he retains when i don' even realize he is listening. He can often tell me the name of wildflowers that i've forgotten. :)
Then the rice and poha, slightly coarse.
I know from experience that if you waltz in with all the answers, you will be despised no matter how helpful your insights might be. You may get advice claiming you need to disregard the opinions of others to gain respect, but I don’t think that’ll get you very far. All people enjoy being listened to, and having their ideas considered. I’ve been in situations where that just *doesn’t happen* with French bosses, and I think as expats, that might make us stand out more as mangers.
Remember that shooting star we used to wait for to make a wish is
“I don’t care how you find one. Just make sure it happens. Offer whatever you have to. No price is too steep.” He laughed to himself that he’d not be out the expense anyway. Edward would cover it.
While I was intrigued by the idea of sitting and being served at chick-fil-a, we ordered by the counter and got something small and fast so we could be on our way. I eventually saw a sign that said this was the Dwarf house chick-fil-a, the original.
I read this on a friends Facebook last week and it grabbed me in that moment.
I’ve spent many hours walking in the desert during the past few months, which has given me plenty of time to contemplate grief, life, death and anything else that comes to mind. One thought that filtered through my mind was the idea that when my mate died, I split in two. The me that shared a life with him is grieving still, while the other me, the one who was born with his death, continues to live and grow. As long as I am in the person of this second me, I do fine — I’m strong, in control of my emotions, looking forward to what comes to me in life. The problem is that I keep slipping over to the other me, the grieving me, and when I do, the grief is as new as it was when it first hit me. The task is to reconnect the two parts — both the grieving me and the new me.
Swenson tried to talk Palm into buying land, but Palm was uncomfortable with the idea, because he thought slavery would soon be abolished and there’d be no more cheap labor to work the land. Palm felt the mercantile business was the way to go, as it offered things that would always be in demand. Swenson’s store sent wagons out into West Texas loaded with, as he put it, “…boots and shoes, Hats, Hardware, Holloware, Earthenware, Woodware, Blacksmith’s tools, Iron, Steel and Nails; a General Assortment of Groceries, Flour, tobacco, Rice, etc.; whiskey, brandies, Holland gin, Rum, Sherry, Madeira, Port and Claret wine by the box or the barrel, oils, Paints, Window-Glass and Putty, Bagging and Bale Rope, Powder Shot and Lead; cooking stoves and office stoves, ploughs, hoes….”
Jim was one year old when his family was forced to leave Santa Maria and report to the Tulare Assembly Center. They were incarcerated in the Gila River Relocation Camp. Once in the camp, his dad was imprisoned in Bismark, N.D., and his mom contracted tuberculosis and was moved back to a hospital near Santa Maria, CA. Jim and his siblings were forced to remain in Gila River, where they were raised by their uncle.
even to break up with me.
Hooray for colors and quick hellos
Dinner at our drivers house - the legendary Kan Singh. I was whisked off first and dressed up in full sari gear. Mum pretty much spat her vegetable curry on me with uncontrolled laughter. Little did she know her pink number was awaiting her in the other room :-)
Support from across the country, Early Day Motions and questions in the house, besides another rock solid 100% “Yes” vote for strike action had seemed to focus Sir Ray Tindle’s mind and the hope now is that we can use this as a platform to push forward and return our papers to the quality, award-winning publications they once were.
billion amounting to 52% is
Occasionally
Best President in my lifetime? Ronald Reagan. He was the right man for the time. No, his administration didn’t cut spending, which was a cornerstone of his entire smaller government argument, and would have solidified him as maybe the 2nd best President behind Lincoln or 3rd behind FDR. Unfortunately, that gave Democrats fodder for years to poke holes in his administration, and on the other side led Dick Cheney to famously and regrettably utter the phrase “Deficits don’t really matter.”
You get a massive earthy, woody coffee aroma from the beer. It pours quite flat, but it seems to still have a good amount of carbonation about it. More of the same in the flavour. Huge earthy coffee and loads of oak, with a long bitter chocolate finish - a fantastic drop.
he is one of the kind who never gave up on his dreams.
#5495 OTIS Orange Cranberry Muffins 96/2.25 oz CS
Thu-AM: 1:17, 2500' ~ Green Mt.
¼ teaspoon black pepper
I went to my very first NFL game yesterday and it was so much fun. The crowd and atmosphere is so much different than a college game...I can't wait to go again.
Despite many violent clashes and the hundreds killed and disappeared by state repression, illusions in pacifism and parliamentarianism disarmed the working class both politically and militarily and held back the rising demand of the most oppressed for working class power. Conversely weapons as we see in Libya often come at a price. The National Transitional Council in Libya made its peace with imperialism to affect the defeat of the hated Gadhafi regime. In turn the new government has taken the task to militarily disarm the revolutionary fighters whose self-organization and loose confederation allowed the NTC to assume the leadership role while the youth did the fighting and dying. And in Tunisia, where the first spark that set the stage for 2011 was struck, the constituent assembly model promoted by “Western Democracy” has shown it can be counted on to maintain neo-colonial servitude and has been given the task of and has managed to exclude the revolutionary youth who brought down the old regime from the newly forming bodies of governance!
* there is a new section on data privacy/protection (replacing the domain name section)
Incidentally, Sally had a Swibrau Oktoberfest (presumably named for Matt Swihart, co-owner/brewer). I stole a swig or two and found it to be wonderfully spicy and rich, and I regretted I didn't have a pint of that, too. Something to put on the list.
The girl who won first place talked about how she loved cooking. She gave a story about how she tried to learn to cook with her mother, but she wasn’t very good. Finally she baked a delicious cake without any mistakes, and showed the pictures of food she had made. At then end, she concluded that she wanted to own her own bakery.
Mark's blog post did not immediately resonate with me, because his terms are somewhat different from the way I think. After all, how great is your product if nobody wants it? How great is your team if they persist in building something that nobody wants?
So-and-so says my ears stick out too far.
Triomphal reminds me of Rouge Byzantine lipstick in a gloss formula. The shade packs an amazing punch of deep red with pink shimmers. It is simply gorgeous. Rouge Allure Extrait de Gloss are slightly tacky but not sticky, and have great pigmentation. Below is a shot of Triomphal under the bright sun where you can really see the shimmers.
Kegged: 04-11-2008
I met him just the day before yesterday! But we just met and talked for a bit. We’re both busy so whenever we go home, Chundoong is sleeping or we have to go out last minute and unfortunately, our schedules rarely match up.
It has been two years since I left my full time job at English Nature and meeting up with my work buddies for a colleague’s funeral had us all recalling happy memories of happy times. Carol, who I sat opposite for many years and shared so many jokes and stories and definitely kept me sane, passed away at the end of August. At a packed crematorium we heard personal anecdotal recollections from her sister, daughter and husband. The stories painted a vivid and memorable picture in our minds, and I loved her husband’s comment that he didn’t actually think she worked but instead “went to a holiday camp each day, all those team-building events and days out on nature reserves”.
919-361-8488 M-F 9 am-6 pm ET
Here’s the short version. I’ve always daydreamed about being some type of story teller. But I took the idea of writing seriously when I was twenty and began actually writing when I was about twenty-one. What set everything into motion was when I was a PA for The Secret Life of the American Teenager. I thought to myself, “Hey, I might enjoy being a writer.” And after trying different mediums, I eventually wound up loving prose writing.
And why uprose to nightly view
So any process may, in conditions that shouldn’t happen often (we hope), identify an in-memory corrupt, read a block from disc, then go backwards in time in the redo logs and start walking the redo logs to find the redo needed to bring the block up to date. So if you see excessive amounts of “log file sequential read” coming from your foreground session, check what’s going on – it might be an indication of a hardware fault.
Truffle or kosher salt to taste
Publisher: We love your illustrations. But we want some changes. Could you tell us what you work in? (Correct answer: photoshop)
Skye has completed his cycling journey, but Kilometres for Communication has just begun. We look forward to continuing this journey together.
Musee d’Orsay – This museum may not be the massive size of Louvre, but its Impressionist collection is among the best in the world. The museum is housed in a former rail station, and has the atmosphere and personality to match. The Musee d’Orsay attracts 2.1 million visitors annually.
How the Magical Thinking works:
Yesterday I went down to the Dayton Celtic Festival. It was pretty cool, especially all the live music. Gaelic Storm was one of the big names there, as well as some traditional bagpipe music and those crazy dancers.
O You, my life!
The control argument appeals to the most common principle of responsibility, namely: an agent should only be liable for those results (and circumstances) that are within their control. From there it builds a case for treating attempts the same as completed crimes. Using the poisoning cases from earlier as a reference, this is the basic control argument:
While he was making them he started laughing and said,”I feel sorry for anyone who has wipe down ta….” and then stopped mid sentence as he realized it was HIS chore and then said,”guess I should be a bit more careful.” I think it’s safe to say he’s been bitten by the baking bug.
I am proud of the mommy I have become and the lessons I have learned. I have many, many people to thank for those lessons. But I also know that I am about to start a new chapter in life and learn more... being a mommy of 2 boys should be interesting.
The message wishes Johan a happy Christmas and appears to be from his sister, Alma Hansen, who says "Here you see my son Karl."
The second group (arriving years later) was, because of the first incident with humans, kept prisoner in their ship in orbit around the planet. This was so that the Sensorites and their planet would not be damaged and exploited further.
I thought I would post my favourite cards from 2011.
One of the highlights of Secret Church is the opportunity for believers around the world to learn about a specific region or country where believers face persecution. This time Nik Ripken enlightened us on the Horn of Africa and his 20+ year experience working there. I highly recommend reading some of Nik’s written work like here and here.
QLR
this week's winner!
- my running routes in Syracuse
“That’s nothing! We’ll make short work of them!” said Arik confidently.
Kill team would essentially allow you to build a 200 point “army” drawing from troops, elites, fast, or heavy where each model acts as their own unit on the table- giving most armies around 10-20 models to command in total. Played on a smaller board with some very densely packed terrain the action is going to be fast and furious.
Pumpkin Whoopie Pies
Pretty women wonder where my secret lies.
Son of Irving Wallace
save for scrabbling mice.
This group also plays one of the best Bob Dylan covers recorded in recent years. I didn’t think there was much else anyone could do with the song “The Times They Are A-Changin’,” but Broussard and the band rip through it with abandon, like a fun cross between The Pogues and Jason & The Scorchers.
Genuine lost time.
As a mom, I try to be courteous to my audience – who is receiving the message? If I’m speaking to a single person, I try not to brag, but I may make a comment on occasion about an accomplishment my daughter has achieved. If I’m speaking to another parent, I feel more comfortable about sharing information regarding my daughter. Plus, you never know what great tips or advice you could share with other parents. I think bragging is ok as long as you’re not overdoing it!!
3. may be a super model
you dislike the compensation schedule designed for these idiot CEOs, protest the company that hired them. The board of
A tale of the participation of one or more communities in a dramatised, ritual or imagined conflict based on arcane projection technologies. Events likely centre on the fulfilment of roles assigned, tactics and strategy, and refinement in technique. While individuals may or may not be aware of the nature of the conflict, plots and subplots may concentrate on the preservation of the charade, and perhaps at all cost, even if the cost itself is fictional. You could think of it as Catch-22 meets The Truman Show meets Disney's Fantasmic!
To clear out the low-hanging fruit right offhand: whatever odd little issues the film has with women (and they end up being much less severe at the end than it appears they're going to at the midway point), there's no denying that Engagement is appallingly smug about life in the Midwest. "Christ Jesus Almighty," Stoller and Segel are saying, "they shoot deer in Michigan, and EAT it. And they raise their own BEES and use the honey to make MEAD. AND FUCK ME, the SNOW, the ENDLESS FUCKING ALL THE TIME SNOW". The hunting and mead gags aren't such big deals as it goes (though venison is delicious), but I have very little patience for the manner in which The Five-Year Engagement suggests rather hysterically that Ann Arbor has two seasons, winter and late spring, the latter of which lasts for approximately eight days. And sure, the point of all this is to dramatise that Tom is having a hard time making an adjustment to a new sort of lifestyle, but the film's argument isn't that this is a reasonable lifestyle, but that it's the kind of mortal hell that nobody would willingly choose unless it was for their job or to support their fiancée's job.
Due to better GenBank coverage, the analysis of vertebrate DNA was simpler and less ambiguous than the analysis of the plant origins.
Whose voices are you hearing? Do they speak peace into your spirit?
So. I have a thought formulating in my head and I'm going to do my best to type it out. Bear with me.
Do you have a great idea (or two) for a book?
The new Unity's Challenge is Falling Leaves. How fun is that? You have a chance to Unity some fun Unity stamps. I'm crossing my fingers! I just love love love Unity and of course all the Peeps too!
Spring onions, 2 stalks, cut into small pieces
I am EXO-K’s maknae Sehun! Sunshine!
But I get it now, I really do. I understand the appeal. I will no doubt read some more ebooks (I can see library romances with truly embarrassing covers in my kindle’s future). In fact, I’m in the Digital Publishing class at school and a member of the Digital Department at Ooligan Press because, whether I like it or not, ebooks are important to publishing’s future. Even so, I don’t see myself converting to buying only ebooks nor do I believe paper books will completely disappear. I like my purchase to result in a tangible object that I can put on my shelf and admire, get signed, lend to friends, read in the bath, or sell back to Powell’s (and so many more reasons, which I will spare you for now). Rather then seeing a future completely comprised of ebooks, I see a hybrid one.
then victory!
Good morning my dearest readers! This will be the last Chinese restaurant post from Macau I will be blogging because I myself am getting bored writing them. :D
Social Network Analysis involves the study of the way in which groups form and operate. By looking at the structure of communication between individuals, we can tell quite a lot about the dynamics of the group. Think about the last time you needed to get something done at work (or in some other large group environment). You probably spent a while figuring out who you needed to talk to, then some more time trying to get hold of them, and that’s before you even got started. Collaboration is all about finding the right people at the right time. So what makes it easier in some groups than in others? Here’s a quick list, although you can find out more here.
I recently tried a birthday cake from the in-store counter at Waitrose. The supermarket brand makes cakes to order, including for weddings, but never did I expect to find a lusciously moist chocolate and orange invention ready to buy from their bakery section.
the geniuses Weng Hong and I were (HAHA);
My good times are fading again. I don’t want the good feelings to go.
Battlefield 3
The 1936 Berlin Games were the first occasion when the festival was hijacked wholesale for the purposes of political propaganda and national prestige. The neo-classical paganism of Olympic flame symbolism appealed to the Nazi leadership. The arrival of the flame at the stadium and the lighting of a fire in a gigantic bronze tripod-cauldron raised high on its podium fitted easily into the fascist pageantry of the opening ceremony, with its Roman-style placards, marching contingents of uniformed athletes, Heil Hitler salutes, and massed ranks of watching Brownshirts.
Just a final introductory point – a lot of what I say today is informed by my experience at NBNi & Rowman & Littlefield – but for clarity the opinions I am expressing are my own and not necessarily those of the business.
- where there is no vision, the people perish
What is a Coefficient of Friction?
The official line, naturally, is that these minutes do capture the “essentials” and the “relevant statements”. But those phrases are interpreted in the most restrictive way. For example, a “relevant statement” would be a patentee saying that it wished to abandon a set of claims, but would not include a submission alleging that the opponent had forged a document’s date.
I must admit, when I received the ARC to review I saw yet another pink cover and opened the book with some trepidation but what a wonderful surprise once I started reading. And I'm so glad the final book cover doesn't have the garish bubblegum pink so favoured by publishers of girls' books. This book is such fun and the main character of Kat is a feisty, funny heroine and I thoroughly enjoyed reading her 'Unladylike' adventures.
The C-1 terminal is a busy United Airlines checkpoint and Ms Davis described the incident as innocent enough.
Pathetic excuse for a judge.
2. Be flexible. “Flying privately to Europe is quite different from flying on a commercial airline,” explains Clayton. “Some airports have customs offices, some don’t. We have to take this into account when we plan, especially with customers who want non-stop travel.” The more specific you are about your trip, the fewer cost-saving options will be available to you. However, if you can also be flexible on things like jet type, aircraft year of manufacture, date and time of travel, and airport, we can find the best price and options available. For example, flying into a general aviation airport like Paris’s Le Bourget could be much less expensive than flying into Charles DeGaulle.
Animals, like all creation, are subject to the same corruption as human beings. St. Paul says that all creation has been made subject to the same process of death and decay that human beings endure:
In the past, I know I would have felt a little more upset over the idea of not winning NaNoWriMo on time. But I understand that, well, life happens. This year's novel idea has been a little half-baked anyway, and although I do like where the plot is going, I just have not felt inspired enough to work on it every day. Well, it's okay; nobody's perfect, and I'll keep this in mind for next time.
That doesn’t happen here. The “steady pace” headline is at odds with the image of destruction. The story mentions that a house was burned down by firefighters to clear the site for the new town hall, but that’s pretty far to ask the reader to go to reconcile this unfortunate juxtaposition.
In a time when a soul is longing and weary, a saint cries to God. He seeks Him, but does not find Him…he seeks the answers, and does not find them. The saint has a hungry soul, but yet is not satisfied. He craves more, but yet cannot get more. There are things in his way, blocking him from being fulfilled, blocking his soul from being filled with these good things. But yet, this saint longs for Him. There are the distractions of this world, which keep the hungry saint from being fed. How can he be rid of these distractions? It’s the question that he longs for. It’s the request submitted to God, but yet cannot seem to obtain.
The fact is that there is NOTHING to worry about. Life will go on, I'm pretty sure most people will ignore this. There is no reason to fear a Rapture or 2012 or any sort of apocalypse of supernatural nature because IT JUST WON'T HAPPEN. The same stuff has been predicted since the beginning of story telling. It gets people to listen, puts fear in them, sometimes this can make them easier to control. Any sensible person can usually see right through this kind of stuff, but there really are idiots out there that believe every 'prophecy' they hear.
There are no shortage of things to entertain in the evening in London – with the West End for popular shows and musicals, a wide selection of restaurants of all types, classical music at the Barbican or The London Coliseum, ballet at Sadler’s Wells or the cinemas in Leicester Square to choose from.
You keep goin’ your way,
Stretch Marks: Nothing new
• The Delaware River, the longest undammed river east of the Mississippi, which flows down to Philadelphia, Trenton, NJ, Camden, Wilmington, Delaware and then Delaware Bay between New Jersey and Delaware with its outflow hugging extended lengths of their coasts along the bay. According to the Delaware Riverkeeper site five percent of the U.S. population, over 15 million people, [including Philadelphia] relies on the Delaware River for their drinking water supply.
Tomorrow I am off to the beach for the weekend with some co-workers. We are going to be having some fun hanging out. We will be doing some drinking and I am taking the supplies to make the purses like I made. We will see how this works out!
Stamp: Ribbon Hair Tilda from Magnolia
Thank you again to all my wonderful followers - your encouragement and sweet comments are so very much appreciated! Thank you also to Graphic 45 for the most amazing and memorable year I've ever had as a designer!
Missed publication dates, missed payment schedules, books published that have not been paid for, dropped communication, bogus-sounding excuses--what's going on here? Let's take a closer look at Arvo.
(Does that mean before lawsuits are cleared, or after? If the latter, it may not be later this year.)
2. Such a life must have for its main constituting Power a spontaneous and innate, not a constructed, unity and harmony.
I’ve selected 10 versions of “Shine on me” that goes back to the early Gospel quartets of the 1920′s to the incredible harmony singing of the Gospel bands of the 1950′s, including some great guitar players/singers like Blind Willie Johnson, Leadbelly, Cliff Carlisle and Rev. Gary Davis.
Freddie’s other long term relationship was with Jim Hutton who lived with the singer up until his death.
3:10 - Straighten garage and front yard
Errr wrong!
Thanks to Everyone who played along on the Challenge last week.
alone will keep you in the
Our second new host is the inestimable Heather Telford of Bits & Pieces. I've been a huge fan of Heather's amazing skills with a sponge for years. Her fabulous sense of color and masterful use of white space really define her soft-yet-crisp CAS style.
if it’s about to die, it won’t be loved
Fundamentalist Christians, however, selectively cite the two scriptures in Leviticus as a condemnation of homosexuality, overlooking James’ words which state, in essence, that if you’ve broken just one of the laws, you’ve broken them all.
Instead of driving into the small town where we kids attended school, Dad chose to drive us to the general store in Nestleton, not far from a favorite Aunt and Uncle’s home where I often stayed overnight with my cousins.
And when your eyes
Friday, October 15th @ 7 p.m.
Yes, the FA has done it again. Roy Hodgson seems a nice enough bloke, but his cupboards are filled with Readers’ Digest back numbers, not trophies.
Our view of the kitchen means we can watch our fondants slowly baking in the oven, whetting our appetites with the aroma of caramelising sugar. We cut open the fondant to reveal a sexy river of oozing batter, although the cake tastes more of chocolate than salted caramel. Mint chocolate chip ice cream is excessively minty to the point of reminding me of toothpaste, but others revel in its breath-freshening qualities.
Dulce de Leche: 21
This is super easy once you've reached this stage. Simply take the hex code that you want to use from your palette and enter the details here like this:
San Diego is home to a number of state and community colleges. A lot of the students here are working their way through school or living on very restricted budgets. While an unpaid internship provides a valuable learning experience, if you need that job at Starbucks to pay the rent, you're not going to give it up or change your schedule to do the internship.
However, the real scene stealer looks to be the ‘the longest bar in the skies’ designed by London design team VW+BS, four years in the making. Now at an angle to accentuate a sense of space, with a slick new look and LED lit bar front, the new Upper Class bar really accentuates what makes the whole Upper Class cabin experience, created by a mix of mood lighting and modern slick lines. It looks more nightclub than cabin, and has really latched onto what makes it cool to be a Virgin Atlantic passenger. Talking about their new product, VW+BS tell me “The entry point for our thinking was that the bar is positioned at the entry point to the plane. It had to make an immediate impression. After take-off the bar had to become a destination. We wanted to orient the bar within the space to make this impact and to create a genuinely convivial space, that reflected trends happening on the ground with pop-up bars and the new speak easy, while having an aesthetic that was decidedly futuristic and belonged in the sky”
BBC master source
With three Chicago area manufacturing facilities, and distribution facilities located in the areas of Houston, Atlanta and Los Angeles, Chicago Hardware has the capability to offer its distributor partners high quality, American made products in an efficient, cost effective manner. The commitment to quality, service and new products has allowed the Herbstritt family to grow the company and become a leader in the industry.
1/2 cup corn oil
Always nice to get a padded envelope in the mail. The really cool thing about this one is how the trade went down. See, I was at TC's website and was able to score a lot of really cool cards, vintage to newer. Then, all I had to do was pay for the shipping, and bam - cards in hand. Just that easy.
Last week, the challenge was made to do brackets for the upcoming tournament. It was agreed that each couple would combine their scores from their individual brackets and the highest score would treat the other couple to dinner.
A few years ago I had an early morning routine of walking to the nearby convenience store to get a cup of coffee and a newspaper to start my day. One morning, while it was still dark, I saw an unusual sight in the fellowship hall of our church.
I have to say, I'm always a bit apprehensive about colouring LOTV stamps, I don't always find them that easy to do however on this occasion I'm delighted with the end result! She's coupled with lovely MME Six by Six papers and I also used my super new flower die called Prima Donna available here from Dies to Die For. Finally with a dash of fairy dust, (Stickles) & some glaze, I was done!
I'm not a big fan of that for the selfish reasons I'm sure you can guess from the previous paragraphs in this post alone, but also because people have such different philosophies on what is a good outfit. Therefore the ratings aren't too helpful, especially for the "go big or go home", dramatic types like me. Also, I worry they can be discouraging to others and people may be a little overly negative. I'm all about wear what you want and who cares what anyone thinks; they don't have to wear it. Within reason of course, though. I feel you should respect places and situations. For example, keeping it work appropriate at work, and G-rated to pick up the kiddies at kindergarten. Beyond that though, go for it and don't care what I or anyone else thinks.
It happens to the best of us. We promised ourselves that we wouldn't go to that place, but all that did was make it even more surprising when we got there. There's no magical secret to making this stage go away. It's all emotional. It ends when it ends. The only thing we found that we actually had any control over whatsoever was how we dealt with it. And if there's one piece of advice we can give to other aspiring writers going through this, it's this: Never burn any bridges.
The film takes Burroughs's more rambling (if such a short novel can ramble) and episodic novel and weaves it into a more linear plot, which is largely to the good. Likewise, the script-writers update of Dejah Thoris to an action and science heroine is well done. She winds up definitely being the "smart one" in her relationship with Carter. The Green Men (a term never used in the film; they only refer to themselves by their tribes, leading many reviewers to think they're race is called "Tharks") are pretty well-realized and surprisingly true to the books in terms of culture without the film be exposition-heavy (in this regard).
Well, it was exactly one week ago today that we started our babysitting gig in Chicago. We arrived on Sunday afternoon. Shelby had left early that morning for LA and Mike would leave early morning on Monday. It was good to have some time with Luke while daddy was still there so he could get used to us.
19 Primobile
It estimates that unchecked levels of corruption would add $50-billion, or nearly half of annual global aid outlays, to the cost of achieving the MDGs on water and sanitation.
Hedy Lamarr was one of the most glamorous women in Hollywood during the 1940s. An Austrian, trained in music and math, who immigrated to the US to work for MGM in 1937 where Louis B. Mayer gave her a new name and starred this beautiful women in numerous films. But she has never received the wide-spread acclaim – and historic notoriety – for her technology changing, inventive, patented design during WWII that caused the technology we use today even possible.
Lord, change my value system. That I would just seek after You and the rest will be added.
I sprinted waddled after him and my eyes widened in horror as I saw three women in their 50s who had been waiting at the taxi stand across the street ALSO sprinting for it. These women KNEW I was in labor and they SAW me running for it and STILL, they went for it anyway. They beat us to the cab and got in. At that point, something in me snapped. Something primal and bigger than myself. That cab was MINE and those bitches were going to GET THE HELL OUT OF IT. NOW. I can safely say this is the first act of maternal love I acted on, where NOTHING in the world could have stopped me from getting my baby safely to the hospital. IN. THAT. TAXI. As I approached the cab, I threw myself on the back door and started pounding, screaming and crying as loud as I could (in French) "I AM IN LABOR! I NEED THIS CAB!! WHY ARE YOU DOING THIS TO ME?? WHAT KIND OF PEOPLE ARE YOU???!!! REALLY???? REALLY??!!! YOU ARE SAYING NOOO??? I AM IN LABOR!!! I AM A PREGNANT WOMAN IN LABOOOOR!!!!!" It was Oscar worthy and it caused the kind of public scene and humiliation I had hoped for. The women finally BEGRUDGINGLY opened the door and proceeded to argue with us saying "Just call the firemen!! Why should WE get out of the cab?? It's not what taxis are FOR!", etc. etc. As if THIS weren't enough, we then had to talk the taxi cab driver into TAKING us to the hospital as she started arguing that she didn't want problems, didn't want me to give birth in the back of her cab, etc. After FB pleaded with her and she was satisfied I wouldn't "cause any problems", we were allowed in and FINALLY took off for the hospital.
The first time was early in our marriage. We were living in St. Louis at the time, and LBeau was on his way home from work at Missouri-Pacific Railroad. A street vendor was selling roses for 50 cents a dozen. On an impulse, he bought some.
A Serbian mayor has invited single women from across the country to a love supper with the town’s resident bachelors. In his eagerness to nurture romance, he has offered budding couples free holidays in Greece, there being no better place to excite the amorous passions. Let’s hope the girls won’t dump their new boyfriends for the first bushy-eyebrowed Stavros who ogles them on the beach.
new black fridge
Which spreads abroad so wide a river of speech?”
This is the way we dress for winter,
859.291.4302
Overall Satisfaction - much more with the new breakfast! I'm less hungry as the morning goes on, and I am starting to believe what people say about eggs for breakfast... people who eat eggs tend to eat less later in the day. Huh.
I believe the whites of your impressive lies.
Vitiligo is a common skin disorder in which white spots appear on the skin usually occurring on both sides of the body in the same location. Vitiligo occurs in 1-2% of the population. The melanocytes are the cells that make the skin color. In people with vitiligo, the immune cells (cells which fight infection) attack the melanocytes and kill them. When the melanocytes in a certain area die the skin turns white. No one knows why the immune cells attack the melanocytes in people with vitiligo.
Thanks for taking the time to look, also thank you so much for all the lovely comments you have been leaving recently, I really appreciate each and everyone.
Do something she likes, and you get points.
BROOKLYN, N.Y.—Thanks to some internet-connectivity issues here in my new Crown Heights apartment, I wasn't able to post this in as timely a manner as I would have liked. But better late than never, I suppose.
Cork breathed life into their 2012 campaign with a strong performance in their 1-1 draw with Shamrock Rovers, though they must quickly put the late goal out of their minds. Derry were beaten by Shelbourne but did record a strong 3-1 victory over Linfield on Tuesday night in the Setanta Cup.
But that’s what I’m doing on this lovely sunny saturday..
Konahrik is the ninth Dragon Priest mask. When the wearer is low on health, there is a chance the mask will knock back enemies, heal the wearer and any nearby allies, and grant a fire cloak for a brief time. Also, on rare occasions, the mask will summon a spectral Dragon Priest to come to your aid.
Some other men where already on the best dune in the dessert, flying above the place I chose to launch. Again, pink bikini top, harness, only the skirt I found unpractical to walk up the dunes and it had to be substituted with some board shorts.
4) For an extra entry, join the challenge this week & leave a comment saying so.
Heavy in Your Arms
It was about someone who felt entitled to take someone's life because he didn't want to do what he had already sworn to do.
In December an offer slipped through our fingers and I kicked myself afterwards. In January an offer was ridiculous and we turned it down. All the while continuing to pay the mortgage and for me, also rent (expensive!) on top of that.
What Bible verses help you in your darkest times? How can you use those verses in your writing? Use each verse as a separate inspiration. How can you share that experience in a personal experience piece? In fiction? In a how-to article? In a meditation/devotional? In poetry? How can you explain it to children in a story?
Orkney's Dragonhead, a surprisingly low 4% considering how it tastes, 500ml bottle.
Partly culled from
3. Crossovers from other read­ing chal­lenges count.
Marie Laveau was a 19th century practitioner of voodoo who gain quite a following in New Orleans, Louisiana. I'm sure there are many stories and accounts of her life that would make for fun, and sensational, reading, but I'm quite the "Nervous Nora" when it comes to anything that is scary. I love being scared, but I always regret it later.
Origin: Norse
Have breakfast food for lunch, and then
SoI have no time to tell you about all these amazing projects because, School Sucks. I have an assignment to do… that Ive been doing for 3 days. My study has become a cell. We’ll talk about that later.
Here it is, Card #2 in the Masculine Card Series. This card is for a boy or child and is a birthday card.
Sorry I have been a little quiet but not been feeling good all week. I am sure I caught what the kids had but their bugs usually effects us in a bad way. And not been feeling up to crafting much. Been going to bed at 9 pm.
The Druid priests at that time would hold great sacrifices on the night of October 31. During these rituals, the priests would wear elaborate costumes made from animal hides, and start bonfires, burning some of their crop yields and sacrificing some of their livestock in an attempt to appease the spirits of the dead. Over the centuries, the sacrifices faded away, but the ritual of dressing in costumes has remained and thrived.
Attacks: 1
make are cards and mini-scrapbooks and have recently started art
Now it’s time to blame Bush. Remember the most expensive tax cuts for the wealthy in history? What did it get us? The slowest job growth in half a century. I’ll need at least another term or two to clean up that mess. You can’t expect me to fix everything during my first 100 days in office — that’d be Franklin Roosevelt, and I’m Teddy.
Before I begin, some words for the dummies -
Resolved by the House of Representatives (the Senate concurring), That it is the sense of Congress that, except in response to an actual or imminent attack against the territory of the United States, the use of offensive military force by a President without prior and clear authorization of an Act of Congress violates Congress's exclusive power to declare war under article I, section 8, clause 11 of the Constitution and therefore constitutes an impeachable high crime and misdemeanor under article II, section 4 of the Constitution.
I checked up on Volks recently (but I really shouldn't because it ends in emotional turmoil since I can never get my hands on any of the lovely things they produce for their lovely dolls) and I came across the most amusing thing: a Matryoshka doll costume (modeled by Puff :D) lol... how do they come up with these things!
Sigh. It was great to see everyone again in our mini reunion, which basically turned into a grown up sleepover. You know those situations back in college where you wake up and have to step over people to get to the bathroom/kitchen/anywhere else in your apartment? They still happen, folks. They also still include Truth or Dare Jenga and staying up to see the sun rise. Because we all apparently thought we were 21 this weekend.
I am beginning to think that the UNC have a very small circle of friends….because every new political appointment barely has 2 degrees, much less 6 degrees of separation. You would think they would spread out the food eating a little wider and try and save face, so their rabid supporters would at least be able to say, “Look non-UNC people benefitting too.”, the way PNM supporters are quick to point out that everybody eat ah food under Williams, Chambers and Manning….but no…no such luck, Omar Khan step down when he realise ppl will get wind of his doctored resume (the one that states he has a BSc in Engineering and an MBA from the IOB….neither of which are true) and now Mrs Wade Mark is T&TEC Chairperson. I going to suspend my disbelief and assume that all proper requirements were met and that Mrs Mark (wife of the Speaker of the House) is eminently qualified and suited for the post. But it looking bad and smelling like nepotism.
If pitchers were allowed to remove one inning of their choice from their starts, Chris Volstad would be one of the better pitchers in baseball. Unfortunately, that's not allowed. He always seems to have one awful inning, a trend which continued today with a five-run Brewer sixth (capped off by the Maysonet grand slam).
Your government is working to destroy The United States of America.
Tomato sauce, 2 table spoon
Northstar Restaurant & Brewery Northside Negra
Toddles
C. L. E. London Society, May 1863
Now, setting aside for a moment that no child who is routinely spanked ever really turns out "fine", the comment itself - and the voracity with which it was delivered - really set me back. I must have had a "WTF" look on my face, because the person immediately said "What, you don't agree? Are you one of those 'Now Johnny, Daddy really wishes you wouldn't do that' kind of guys?"
"you haven’t really seen Brighton in all its aching, melancholic glory until you’ve walked from Palace Pier along the deserted seafront into neighbouring Hove, or ducked out of the rain into Marrocco’s Italian cafe for a warming hot chocolate or even a scoop of their top-notch homemade ice cream"
as well as to maintain and develop their own indigenous decisionmaking
However, I was very glad to be able to sit and watch everything from the comfort of a good park bench and as usual, I was pleased that I had my camera handy.
The Cornucopia Institute wrote a rebuttal to this internet rumor last year, statingvi:
e-mailed me and had a couple of "name" suggestions..........so in honor of her gift I chose one of hers and "tweaked" it a bit..
So the Molly Lou family, Molly Lou sister and her hubby, and Molly Lou Mom and Dad are going for a photo session this morning...think Vogue wardrobe department, hair and makeup teams, fans blowing my hair, and the perfect little children with their "acting coaches" ready to snap those perfect photos.
Kony 2012 should have been the greatest thing to ever happen to Social Media. This is why social media essentially was created. For people to join forces over a common goal, to raise awareness to injustice in the world, sadly this is diminished by the acts of the group who produced the video.
Remove from baking sheet and allow to cool on a wire rack. Serve with coffee or hot chocolate. Would also be delicious with a drizzle of melted chocolate on top.
How much you need: The FDA and the American Heart Association recommend eating fresh fish at least twice a week. A six-ounce serving of salmon, herring, or tuna provides a gram or more of omega-3s.
He had described the saccharine production as a 'real tearjerker'. Labour leader Ed Miliband even patted his shoulder to console the former mayor as he rubbed his eyes during the screening on Wednesday.
The same friend revealed a secret to me just after one of the candidates left after seeking votes with joined palms. “You know, the former MLA of the same party is asking us not to vote for this man.” I did not understand. I don’t understand politics easily. So my friend explained: “The former MLA was defeated in the last Assembly elections. Now it’s the MCD (Municipal Council of Delhi) elections. If this fellow wins this election, the former MLA will be dumped by the party. Every victory matters much in politics. Every defeat is a death knell.”
I also heard Deborah Rodriguez, author of Kabul Beauty School and Larry Kirwan, author of Green Suede Shoes discuss non-fiction writing; And Stanley Lombardo, an American professor of Classics at the University of Kansas. Dr. Lombardo is a fairly talented guy. Fluent in Greek and Latin, he has translated the Iliad, the Odyssey, and the Aeneid. His translations are unique in that they are rendered with an oratory style.
Hatch M, Ji B-T, Shu XO, Susser M. Do Standing, Lifting, Climbing, or Long Hours of Work during Pregnancy Have an Effect on Fetal Growth? Epidemiology 1997; 8: 530-536.
How is it possible to think that the balance in the world came about by coincidence when the extraordinary harmony of nature is observable even with the naked eye? It is the most unreasonable claim to say that the universe, each point of which suggests the existence of its Creator, has come into being on its own.
As Ireland’s leading property investment company, with extensive operations across two continents, we believe we can play a significant part in Ireland’s path to full recovery because:
"It is madness,” he echoed.
Flowers on the hillside, bloomin’ crazy
This challenge we are pleased to be sponsored by Simon Says Stamp who are offering one lucky winner a $20 voucher to spend in their store!! To be in with a chance of winning just back link to our challenge and enter by 19th June (so plenty of time!!)
Those of you keeping count will have realised that at £5 per inner tube, £20 per tyre and £25 for the freewheel plus another £5 or £6 for the tensioner and half-link, the total cost of this bike in the first two months is the thick end of £400. Given the fragility and unsuitability of some of the components, and the additional expense of forking out to fit commuter essentials like mudguards and racks, this is hardly the low cost, low maintenance solution it claims to be.
That’s too complicated a question for a short interview. I don’t own an e-reader, but I support them, because they make purchasing books more convenient. I’m against piracy unless authors have another form of revenue, like advertising, which I think will happen in the future.
Hi there and welcome to March teasers from My Favorite Things! I'm so excited to share teasers with you over the next week! There is so much goodness coming from MFT you won't want to miss a thing!
Recollections Rhinestones
But while God has not put down his pruning shears, His salve is of the sweetest kind. Once again friends have come to my rescue offering childcare so I can have peace of heart while I am once again separated from my daughters. And wedged between those doctor's appointments and this admission was a day spent in His house with my homeschool group. Because it was on a Friday during Lent, we walked the Stations of the Cross.With each station Jesus grew weaker, falling several times. With each station, bowing and rising, I grew stronger. With each step to His crucifixtion Jesus drew me one step further from the abyss of discouragement and the darkness that surely lies in a heart filled with despair. With divine irony, while I was remembering His pain and suffering, He poured out His graces to soothe my wounds. It is the ironic fate of the sacrificial lamb; only through His blood can I be cleansed.
Start setting goals, setting expectations for yourself and your business and do whatever it takes to meet those goals. You take one small action each day toward those goals until you conquer them and then you ask “what’s next”.
When the power of the cross is appropriated, three great and wonderful things take place:
New Shrubs: From the World to You
“I know, that’s why we are here, this office has been empty for months. I had to come and say good bye, I had to…..” She said. Tears starting to well in her eyes, her words stop short. He pulls a handkerchief from his breast pocket, dabbing at the tears gently.
Repeat 3x.
@LeftsideAnnie: He reveals that he is going to be the new spokesmodel for Vick's VapoRub
I showed up at the restaurant way too early—the calling card of the uncool—afraid I would make myself late trying to find the right address. I walked up and down the block a few times, dawdling, trying to look like I had a destination. Finally I trotted inside, asked a hip, bearded waiter about the reservation under “Crowe”—another odd thrill—and followed him to a small table.
“I have no need to speak. I see it all so very clearly now. I can see what I never saw before.”
So what is Accessories grils really all about? The following report includes some fascinating information about Accessories grils--info you can use, not just the old stuff they used to tell you.
6) Secular.
Another tomato experiment, which I plan on using on some smaller, more sickly specimens, are these red tomato trays. The red is supposed to reflect sun better and the little holes let the water down to the earth. I have about 10 of these. I could end up killing ten plants, but it's a gamble. Always the experimenter! (I almost bought red plastic mulch too; but J saw how much it cost and objected to that plan.
Louder until it became as a roar, vibrating her
"Apparently some gold prospectors died here. There are a lot of stories about the place being haunted," the pilot said, not turning his head from the controls.
Edit 9: Over $11,000. It's 6am. In 45 minutes I will RUN to the orphanage. I should be back with pictures in just a few hours. This is the best news I have ever had to privilege to tell anyone, and you are all to thank for it. Also, I am too overwhelmed at the moment, but I will do my best to reply to as many comments/messages/questions as I can.
Paloma
It was damp,
The article explains how everyone could earn extra money working from home with rewards and incentives companies.
Big Buddha Clutch $49.99 from Saks Fifth Avenue Off Fifth
She would know what it would be; any other surprise would have been a huge disappointment.
Five people trapped in a lift (elevator) and one of them is The Devil in human form. Simple premise and pretty easy to guess who The Devil is too but this isn't half as bad as Night's other recent films, Lady In The Water and The Happening, both of which were awful.
Let me add something to Clay's point about the Tango Vulture having important aliances in the community. There is a good reason for the Tango Vulture to have lots of friends: He needs the protection of blind friends to shield him from those who figure him out. My first exposure to this fact was from a training article in a newsletter, "FBI Reports" on victimology and specifically pedophilia. Having important friends to cover antisocial behavior is part of the make-up of very scary people called psychopaths. Psychopaths and pedophiles, for an example, often parade a long line of "character witnesses" into court who will vouch for what great people they are. The public and untrained observer is convinced by this parade of praise. Being a nice and active community person is not a bad thing, but it does not impress the forensic psychiatrist or the FBI investigator, who know that this is one of several "red flags" they should be looking for. Unknowing people think that nice people and active community (even church community) people just cannot be that bad. Presently female psychopaths/pedophiles/Tango Vultures cause great damage in the world but we are culturally blind to them, especially in some countries -- but this is a very unpopular subject to approach. I will allow a some tanguera to approach this subject. I do not dare.
Paper: Green Galore, Lovely Lilac and Whisper White Card Stock
· Introduction of regional cuisine at affordable rates; launching of Book-a-meal scheme
Imagine saying this to a child, every child. Imagine living this ideal as a parent, being the right person who loves the "real you" inside your child. When we are feeling frustrated, disappointed, or angry with a child it might help to step back, take a deep breath and ask our self what it is we are expecting of the child and to consider that our expectation might not be in line with that very real child who just wants to be loved for who they are.
This is clearly an election budget, a placebo to scam the electorate into keeping BN in power. For this, Malaysians should stand up and send a clear message that mere “one-offs” are not enough to garner their votes. For their own sakes, Malaysians must demand firm initiatives that will help strengthen the economic health of the nation. -Malaysia Chronicle
ocean from Sara's deck.
it was hard not to laugh though.
I'm linking up to the following:
"She was very gracious, very lovely. She represents the country very well," Thomas said of the First Lady, noting that he was more apprehensive than nervous when he found out from Secret Service an hour prior that Mrs. Obama would be arriving at about half past noon.
-On a more cheery note, I’ve been taking a crocheting class every Friday afternoon this month at the library. We just had our last class: the instructor sent us home with the beginnings of a scarf as our final project. She was a great teacher, very patient and attentive, but some of the students were, um, inattentive. They were always buying the wrong kind of hooks and yarn, after we went through one session learning about different hook sizes and yarn weights and why they matter; or they would skip a class and expect the instructor to go back and teach them everything that was covered in the previous session; or they wouldn’t do the assignment and forget everything they had learned in the last class. These weren’t young kids either, but women in their 30s and older. There were also two guys, but they always had the right materials and they actually advanced a lot faster than the rest of us, which made me a bit frustrated. I had some experience at the craft, but it took me a while to get back into form. Meanwhile, one guy was making little booties for his nephew and the other made a hat for himself out of super-fine merino wool. They turned out great, too. I’m glad men are doing things like that, but regardless of gender, when you’re sitting next to someone who’s obviously heads and shoulders better than you, it’s hard not to be overwhelmed with something like humiliation and existential dread. (“Why, oh dog, why?”)
I could probably make a Spanish page all unto itself…My brain is constantly inspired and on overdrive most of the time, so coming up with simple categories even, makes me panicked. What about a whole entire page dedicated to purple…Well then I’d have to do the other colors…Well, that’s a good idea for another site…Should I have separate sites? NO. I need a place to possibly sell items, write, display inspiring things, and also have a professional setup for employers….
“Your welcome, Mr. McKenzie,” she chided before moving to another row.
Roger Ingalls is well traveled and has seen the good and bad of many foreign governments. He hopes his blogging will encourage readers to think more deeply about the American political system and its impact on US citizens and the international community.
“The Halakhah: Its Sources and Development,” R. Ephraim Urbach. Modan Ltd, 1996.
The original title Digital Food Photography was written by one of my competitors around 6 years ago. When I was asked to author the second edition I jumped at the opportunity. The book is coming out on May 9th.
It was hot everywhere and there was enough room for crowds of people but there were only two of us. I said nothing.
Here is Benson and Sawyer playing in the dirt (it looks like are both pooping, but we will say they are playing in the dirt!!)
I am still walking around pretty much dumbfounded. We all are. Graham said, "Didn't you ask for the answer to be written in the sky?" I had completely forgotten that I'd even said that four hours before.
One more thing. This fact holds true everywhere.
Enjoying a great fame for accuracy and style that no other competitors can achieve, Swiss watch takes along with itself unique distinction yet requires a rigorous financial investment. Admitted or not, no one wishes to make such a deal but only ends up in great vain. Before going down into any negotiation and laying down your cash, it is highly recommended that you employed enough care to ensure the special item which is something you truly cherish in your life.
The Hell’s Kitchen neighborhood, however, was in much worse shape than it was 10 years earlier. In the eight years under John Lindsay the exodus of the white middle class residents from the City and the influx of welfare recipients from the South were straining the City budget. The City’s economy was hemorrhaging jobs, particularly the manufacturing jobs on which the Irish middle class had depended. Most police and fireman who might have lived in Hell’s Kitchen a generation earlier now lived in the suburbs. It was said that Manhattan would soon be limited to the very rich and the very poor with the middle and working class that had been the mainstay of the McManus Club squeezed out. Even more troubling was the decline of the theater district and the proliferation of pornographic book stores with peep shows and prostitutes who were beginning to ply their trade openly on eighth and ninth avenues. Soon it seemed possible that the theater district which after the decline of the docks was the only major source of employment for residents of Hell’s Kitchen might itself collapse because patrons from the suburbs and out of town would be reluctant to come to the area.
Absolutely yes. “I see it all the time,” says Russell Goodwin of Impact Solutions in Beachwood, Ohio. In the beginning there is going to be a significant lack of trust because there have been lots of broken promises, hurt feelings, and deceptions. It’s important to first have some basis in recovery before beginning the process of repairing relationships. Each member of the relationship needs to be doing their own individual work before proceeding to work on their relationship. Once you are established in your own work/recovery, you can start work on healthy communication and honesty with each other.
The hate that Self-Published get is just from spoiled greedy men and women who want it all and don’t want anyone else to say such words. They’re out of touch, they’re out of date with the times. It’s sad, because with such an art form that can paint a picture in your head with just a few words, who would think they could be so shallow for fame.
I have a year of parenting under my belt.
Hello and welcome here. This week the Inspired Stamps DT is showcasing a His Little Ones (HLO) and a Verse. I tried to go a little vintage-y, but I don't think I got too far, lol. But I still like how this card turned out.
The Ombudsman warned that the cases detailed in the report were not exceptional, with almost one in five of the 9,000 complaints it received last year concerning the care of older people.
I'll update as soon as I can, I promise.
With weather like this, it's never too early to start thinking weekend. On Saturday, Brooklyn's own Hoover Dam Collective returns to LaunchPad for the second iteration of their First Saturdays Residency. Click here for complete event details, some of which are copied below. The show starts at 8pm, and like almost everything else at LaunchPad, it's absolutely free (make sure to drop a few bucks in the good karma box on your way out).
Well, I am still searching Kijiji on a weekly basis looking for my armoire....I know it is out there somewhere?? I am getting tempted to make my own....
With that said, I will now tell you about something that you should consider having - a Honda generator. It has changed our cruising life in many positive ways. In the beginning, we never even considered having a generator, and our boat did not have a genset. It started to be a problem as we spent longer and longer off the dock. We would find a great anchorage, be loving life, and then be forced to leave since our batteries were very low and we needed to charge them - which meant that we had to fire up the engines and move to another anchorage. We couldn't sail even if there was the perfect wind because we needed to have our engines on and under a load to pour as much power as possible back into the battery banks.
mail to you.
I wanted to take the remainder of the wheel home with me, but with some self-restraint I bought just 500 grams of it knowing I was going to go home and make some cheesy bunnies with it. I immediately began to think of all the people I could share these with, knowing full well that they would be lucky if I didn’t just sit and eat tray after tray of these as they came out of the oven!
"Party Line" harks the end of the old raving Kinks ala "Come On Now" or "It's Alright" at a time when things were becoming increasingly more quaint, introspective and whimsical. Kicking off with a phone ringing and manager Greenville Collin's posh clipped quip "Hello who's that speaking please?" it's a proper bash up, as one man said. It's still fun though and Dave's voice is always perfect for these sort of numbers. To be truthful as much as I like the "raving" Kinks I think the '66-'69 "quintessential Kinks" (as I like to term them in that period) are my fave because they created something different and carved out their own niche, whereas the earlier stuff seemed akin to say The Troggs or The Sorrows. But the number works as they bash their way through and Dave plays some very melodic bits underneath it all.
John Russo (who co-wrote Night of the Living Dead with George Romero) wrote a script called The Return of the Living Dead at the same time that George Romero was doing Dawn of the Dead. An independent producer, Tom Fox, bought Russo's script. He set up production and gave the script to Dan O'Bannon. O'Bannon refused to direct it as it was written. He felt that it was too much of a serious attempt at making a sequel to Night of the Living Dead, and did not want to "...intrude so directly on Romero's turf." And he helped to re write it with more humor.
For the candles, I use a cheap, long federal style that you can buy from most retail stores (Target, Wal-mart, etc). I think they normally come 8 to a box. They last a pretty long time as the wax will melt to the bottom of the bottle and continue to encase the wick. In fact, the candles shown were left over from last year and they have already been used 6-7 times this year.
when the moon sucks the wood
Daniélou had been regarded, until then, as one of the greatest modern theologians, the circumstances of his death led to him and his theology being discredited. His insistence on a return to sources both of the Fathers and of the Vatican Council had already led to his being distanced from the Jesuits.
So I Finish with simple advice, if Mitt Romney wishes to become President of “the greatest nation on earth” then he needs to sort out his political principles and stick with them because “flip-flopping” won’t help him and he should have learned that from ’08,
Aroma - The aroma of the Frambozen is very raspberry forward. With a good sniff you can get the nutty/toasty malt aroma normally associated with a brown ale.
The Big Smelly Pit,
When Mikey's sister claims a boy assaulted her, his world begins to fall apart. When Ellie's brother is charged with the offense, her world begins to unravel. When Mikey and Ellie meet, two worlds collide.
We did the bare minimum.
Nearby is a video of Ginger and Murphy grooving to Sarah Mclachlan's Angel.
I don't know what it's like to lose a 30 year old child. I don't know what it's like to lose a child after a prolonged illness. I do know what its like to lose a child. It sucks. No matter how old that baby is. That dying woman laying in the hospital bed will ALWAYS that daddy's baby. No matter how old she is. As I was walking back to my office to make the necessary referrals I couldn't get his face out of my head and I kept thinking, 'that's his baby.' He is staring at the reality that he is going to bury his baby.
”Some say it is disrespectful to use the word but I would like to tell the Indian Muslims that this is their own words and we have been using it all along instead of referring to someone as dei”.
Hat: Morgan & Taylor
This is how I spent my Monday morning, and I’m ever so grateful. The joy is in the journey and just for today, on this beautiful sun shiney Easter Sunday , I am filled with gratitude and joy.
Stopped, before the vaccine words
How are those internal politics of the Hu administration, engaged in a transition to a new administration amidst the turmoil of a high level political scandal involving elite families and popular passions, impact the fate of Mr. Chen or dealings with the USG?
During the announcement of the economic transformation plan in March, Najib should put forward more opening strategies that can boost confidence and open up new growth areas in order to make the economy shine in the Year of the Tiger. — mysinchew
Yes, I know it’s that awful satin that makes me want to cry…..but LOOK AT IT. IT IS GREEN AND BEAUTIFUL. I’m going to overlock the shit out of all the edges this week, to stop it fraying anymore (it’s been in the loft for almost 7 years lol)
A Boeing 747-400 passenger jet can hold 416 passengers. This blog was viewed about 7,000 times in 2010. That’s about 17 full 747s.
This month we are welcoming the lovely and super talented Dora into the Designer Spotlight :-) If you haven't visited her blog before then you are in for a treat. Please give her a nice warm welcome and pop by her blog to leave her a comment xx :-)
In 1990 I bought my first Jorge Reyes CD on the recommendation of a record store owner in Silver Spring, MD. I have purchased, played, and ultimately sold literally thousands of discs since then, but have never gotten rid of any Jorge Reyes. All of his releases are difficult to locate, having been released on various small Mexican and European record labels; some of them I’m still searching for.
Even though she could see no one, Mellie could swear that she felt eyes staring at her.
I wrote once about grief and our lizard brain. That feral part of us eventually adapts to the different reality, and the effects of new grief pass — the nausea, dizziness, inability to sleep or the inability to stay awake, the inability to eat or the inability to stop eating, the loss of one’s grip, the loss of balance and equilibrium, the hormonal storms. And finally, even some of the emotional storms pass, and there are times when we can see a bit clearer.
Our friends Zach, Miyako and Miha met us at the airport to pick us up. It was so much fun to see familiar, smiling faces as we walked out of the secure area of the airport. We piled into Miyako’s parent’s van (which we had to borrow because Zach and Miyako’s car wouldn’t have fit us all!) and drove about 45 minutes back to Zach and Miyako’s house to drop off our bags. We then headed to the yakitoriya for dinner. The drive was fun because they drive on the opposite side of the road in Japan and the driver sits on the opposite side of the car than in America. Zach was sitting in the passenger seat up front, but every now and then when he would turn around to talk to us, I would forget that he wasn’t driving and have to resist the urge to tell him to turn around and watch the road! I catch myself thinking that cars are about to run into us because they are on the wrong side. I got used to the idea just in time for us to leave Japan!
If boys and girls do it differently then I think we can safely extrapolate that men and women do it differently. Mayor Stephanie and Chancellor Nancy recently worked out a financial sharing plan between the university and the city. The city Common Council was not involved and no laws were passed. Just two women figuring out how to share the resources to accomplish both their goals. Everybody else saw it as politics; I saw it as women engaging in politics. Meanwhile the Onondaga County District Attorney and the City of Syracuse Chief of Police were spitting vituperative rage at each other regarding jurisdiction in an alleged criminal case. The D.A. and the Chief are both guys.
Repeat tests yesterday brought relief from the worry. The viral something seems to have come and almost gone without having caused any disturbance.
Thanks for checking out the card and I hope you played along with the challenge.
It occurs to me that instead of asking the teens in our lives what careers they want to pursue, we should ask them what stories they want to be able to tell first.
- Where could Taiwan improve as a travel destination?
500,000 players minus 50,000 players in games called due to Dads = 450,000
Each year I think I am doing okay, and each year I look back and say "What a mess that was!" I already have had a break down recently.
78. The past is a foreign country; they do things differently there. —L. P. Hartley, The Go-Between (1953)
I have no strong opinion on the monarchy myself. I think we will have them for so long as enough idiots think we need them, but in the great scheme of things and national democracy they are the least of our problems. For what it’s worth Liz seems a nice lady that’s done her best for her country. Phil the Greek seems an amusing old racist that I suspect would be quite a laugh if you’re not the type to cringe about jokes involving “chinks, darkies and fuzzy wuzzies”. Chuck seems a bit of a half wit that talks to plants and thinks he can feed his future subjects organic rubbish, but overall he has a point about architecture and ugly carbuncles. Any one that has ever worked in Coventry will agree with him there. As for Will and his half brother, Harry Hewitt, they appear decent enough chaps that like a pint and like watching the game and get pissed up every so often. I pity them in a way as every idiot pissed up thing they do is front page news. Me pulling a fat welsh lass whilst pissed up on Stella and taking her back to my Halls of Residence for an unsatisfying sexual encounter never got in the newspapers for my mum to read when I was in my fresher year at university. The eyes of the world notice every bird they take to the pictures.
I enjoyed watching a few of the webcasts from the RootsTech conference. It was interesting to hear about some of the issues being considered on the frontier where the techies and the genies come face to face. In the last decade or so, the development of technology, along with genealogy's embrace of it, have made astounding changes in the way we research, and in the ways we share and preserve our data. I don't think any of us who started our research the old-fashioned way would want to give up the newfangled methods that allow us to pursue our passion in pajamas.
All true Christians are priests. Therefore, do not pay any regard to those who claim to have special priestly authority above the common lay person. They are liars and deceivers who are usurping the power that God has given to all of his saints.
Local councillors are only elected by a minority of voters and are not therefore fully representative of the public. We need an office appointed by the Crown like a lord lieutenant with responsibility for protecting communities not factions of it. The Office of the Lord-Lieutenant dates from the 16th Century and has the force of tradition behind it at a time when we are victims of unrestrained change for profit at our communities’ expense.
Some of you may know how I feel about ombre hair. I just feel like most of the time it isn't done well and ends up looking tacky. If everyone with ombre hair looked like Alex Hunter, my opinions would change, but until then, I'm picky kapeesh?
As far as zombies go I like to think I'm overly prepared (and I am), but that's another post for another day. Aliens or robots though? Not so much. It seems they vary from movie to movie, whereas zombies have clear cut rules (destroy and/or remove the head, if you get bit you're a gonner). So far all I've learned about robots is there's always a master server that needs to destroyed, and with aliens some sort of biological warfare (virus) is probably the best route to take.
Yesterday...I was walking him, and he kind of spazzed. In his defense...it was windy and day 45 or so of entrapment, so I can understand where he was coming from...but I just don't appreciate hooves in my face. That is NOT my horse. I can't blame him though, so we gave him some Reserpine last night to see if that would help.
Cardstock: Concord Crush, Wisteria Wonder, Neenah White. DSP from SEI
161. Actually, his hometown is Prov. Jiangsu, Lianyungang. NOT in Guangdong.
no longer rise in the mornings
While browsing my local Pier 1 the other day I found the matching cabinet and bench to my table, guess the price? The Messena Bench was $349.95 and the Messena Cabinet was $450. I couldn't believe it, what a steal of a deal. I love my cabinet and I think the redo of my entry way looks great!
For a chance to win, please visit Eberjey and leave a comment below with your favorite swimsuit. A winner will be chosen at random tomorrow. Good luck! xo Update: Lindsay A. is our lucky winner. Thanks for playing.
About once a week, I’ve been pulling those eggs out and candling to check on them. Most of them got started developing but gave up after a while and, as of yesterday, I had thrown away four, leaving only (6-4=2) two under Moxie. CRUCIALLY IMPORTANT POINT: She had two viable eggs under her. Remember that number.
My sweet Benjamin is having surgery tomorrow to repair an inguinal hernia. It shouldn't be a huge deal, outpatient, no hospital stay expected. But since anesthesia is involved there is some element of risk. As his mommy, I am a bit nervous but I'm confident that everything will go fine. Benjamin can't eat breakfast tomorrow morning which could be a problem as this kid likes his breakfast. And he usually eats a very big breakfast. I don't imagine he is going to be thrilled when we tell him he can't have his daily bowl of oatmeal in the morning, followed-up by a bowl (or 2) of cereal. He's going to be grumpy folks.
Yet I do that over and over again.
When I’m listening to music on the travelling van. I’m currently into Corinne Bailey Rae’s “Like A Star”.
Farming kelp also helps to ensure that the kelp retains its nutritional value. Kelp loses valuable nutrients when it is washed ashore. When kelp is harvested, it is cut, dried, then ground into powder. It is this powder that is encapsulated or pressed into tablets.
My ten-year-old started jogging with me last fall. I made him a deal: run a mile and get unbound video time for the rest of the day. He’s a voracious reader and sporadic athlete, but lately his Wii alter egos could do anything but get him off the couch.
From icy winds and rain in the capital of Switzerland to dito in my hometown, no question about it - woollies are here to stay!
2. Budget
The rusty red sands of Barsoom are all that is left of our cousins and their ancient culture, nothing beside remains. Except, of course, for our refugees whom this narrative is about; and we'll get to them in due course.
What kind of a man are you looking for? The ladies who are old enough to remember the staple answer to that question use to be ’the strong silent type.’ For some reason that was the ideal image of the man for many women and those characteristics were stereotypically portrayed in the movies with leading men like Arnold, Stallone and Van Dame. Those ideals did not leave room for sweet, caring, and sensitive types. Actually, those characteristics were associated with the weak unattractive men. Fast forward to the last 10 years or so and all the girly magazines are screaming for the man who is in-touch with his feminine side. Talk about a cultural shift!
Feed all the critters in the house and outside again
I suppose we did it to ourselves Kara and I, and were doomed to end. The first reason is that we are nine years apart. I’m in my early thirties and she’s in her early twenties, she needs to go out shake her booty have some random sex drink until she pukes, just have some good old fashioned fun without having to be tied up to someone who though he likes to go out and have it’s not as important anymore. As you get older your priorities slightly change due to circumstance and responsibilities. Things that she just doesn’t need right now. Maybe when she gets to her mid to late twenties she will understand.
It was beyond me that such a thing could be true. That sort of thing just did not compute.
So here’s the deal.
Happy Birthday Taylor from all of us! I hope that you enjoyed your special day!
Vlastimil Piroh:
headquartered at 101 Prospect Ave. NW, Cleveland, Ohio 44115. For more
so that amid shouts of joy and thanksgiving
The book is divided into months, and in March, Levine outlines a feeling towards new books that I'm sure many of us can relate to:
“With all respect Ismet, shut up and distribute the food,” Olja stood her ground, keeping in their tradition of teasing with each other.
Here's a short list of a few things I want to do differently this time around:
As I was so tired, we decided R would drive home. And that was just as well. The car I had been given was old and about to fall apart. It started shaking when we reached a certain speed, so the first thing I did when I arrived and A and P was to call Europcar and tell them I wanted another car. Correction, R called, and his brother PJ and myself went to get a new car.
A moment. Moment after moment. Each tick of the clock is all we have, each second that passes is an opportunity.
When I think about the best experiences in my life, it turns out that they scared me the most. The one example I can give (without completely outing myself) is travel. As a single female, I had always put off traveling to other countries even though I desperately wanted to for most of my life (my parents were more road trip kind of people).
This Medallion was afterwards adopted by the Huguenots as their symbol.
408. Cf. Webster, The White Devil, v. vi:
Anyway, remember to take all of this with a grain of salt, since nothing is officially confirmed. We’ve still got a long way to go before the film comes out in May of 2013.
It was thus decided that they would head north and investigate all the hubbub surrounding Redwraith. As I stated earlier, this did not go as planned. There was an encounter with an ogre mage (which the party mistook as some kind of orc) and was hilarious due to the extensive use of charm spells. There was also an encounter with large spiders (which talk and love elf-meat). This also was entertaining due to the fact that despite happening a couple years ago at the beginning of the campaign, the first encounter with these type of spiders was memorable enough to get a great reaction from my players.
Me: “They are not tadpoles. Tadpoles turn into frogs. Tadpoles grow and develop legs”
This seems to be the manner of the direction that our world would like to pursue once again as we all desire to understand one another with the idea of partnering and establishing relations that would encourage more ebb and flow between the nations of knowledge, trade, business etc.
‘It’s okay.’ She struggles to get her arms into the sleeves. ‘Herman will let me in soon.’
Start camping out now :)
WHAT: Surgical support for calamity victims
1/4 cup oats
The Palestinian Journalists’ Syndicate has reported that three journalists reporting on a mass wedding of 500 couples in Gaza City were attacked. The mass wedding was organised by local charities in conjunction with Hamas, according to Ramallah-based Maan News.
Book proposals contain specific information arranged in an easy-to-read format. Some publishers have their own standard company proposal templates, which they send to the author. A typical nonfiction book proposal consists of four main parts: Overview of the Book, Sales and Marketing Strategies, About the Author, and an Outline and Overview of the chapters. These main sections contain subsections, resulting in a proposal that is several pages in length. My typical proposal runs between 18-22 pages.
Nice scenes with Arya once again. The torture scene she was witness to, had me open mouthed all the way through. I’m not surprised Tywin Lannister spotted she was a girl, she never looked like a boy to me.
We are looking for a designer who is passionate about creating beautiful online interfaces and user experiences that will help us forge new ground in how local news media is consumed and delivered online. We’re not after someone who wants to be a cog in a wheel. We want a designer who will use their design expertise to help in our product design and development process from planning through to final product.
The day after I wrote that post I remember walking home, thinking about the tutorial in reference to my Shimer experience. I thought about that post being put up on the Shimer blog under the label “Best of the Shimer blog” and how I knew it had gotten that because it oozed the exuberance of a Shimer student in love with Shimer. I thought about how I was genuinely that student when I wrote it. I thought about how there are bright shining moments when Shimer is exactly what I dreamed it would be.
I've always been quite surprised that nobody has ever shown any concern that they can be seen so clearly from the Roman fort of Richborough, the first Roman settlement in Britain. The surprise is that they were allowed to build them there in the first place but we were no doubt less concerned about heritage then.
I did not get my first cell phone until after I graduated high school. Todd's dad built us our 1st computer shortly after we were married. We used dial up Internet it seems like forever! I try to think back to the time before I had a cell phone, computer and high speed Internet, but for the life of me don't know how I survived. Now that I splurged on a iPhone & iPad I can't imagine my life without them. Seriously if you have not made the change to a smart phone you don't know what you are missing! Trust me when I say you will love it!! MandyE I am talking to you!! :):)
The Long Beach natives just released their new album, Hell Hath No Fury, which is available everywhere now!!!!
Eamon's latest taped message ridicules the recent editorial by Larry McDermott about the paper's credibility. Credible? More like incredible! Eamon attacked the newspaper for tolerating "the most dishonest mayor in Springfield's history." I called McDermott myself and left a message saying that they should fire David Starr and hire Eamon to take his place. The tape ran for a long time without warning me or cutting me off, making me wonder whether Larry was secretly listening but refusing to come on the line.
Minimalist living hurting the economy. Please!
"Southern Alaskan glaciers are very sensitive to climate change, Sauber added. Many glaciers have shrunk or disappeared over the last 100 years. The trend, which appears to be accelerating, seems to be caused by higher temperatures and changes in precipitation." the report said.
Only he didn't show up. I tried to call and got no answer.
It’s always very dangerous to say ‘ok, I’m really liberating things’. For example, these images that we have produced about this idea of continuous network of empty spaces going through the city at the same time can appear as a system of borders between isolated communities. So, I know that every image we produce can at he same time be looked at as its reversal. If you look at the history of the 20th century, you see that all utopian visions have been realized with the opposite value. The utopia of mass-society with everything mass-produced was an idea of liberation but in the end it became a tool for caging people. So in some ways I think that, as Guy Debord said, theories are made to die during time, so you always have to change your position.
Semon had an inventive gag mind. It was only natural that the silent film industry would hire someone whose brain worked like his to write and direct comedies. Vitagraph snatched him up in 1916. By the next year, he’d convinced them to let him star. He was a weird looking dude, and the gags he invented were enough to make him a big hit with audiences despite the fact that he was no actor. Successful shorts included Huns and Hyphens, Frauds and Frenzies and Bears and Badmen (they all had titles like that). Among his collaborators were director Norman Taurog, who was to be a director of awful Hollywood comedies for the next fifty years, and Stan Laurel. Semon’s undoing was features. When he tried the longer format in the mid-twenties he ran aground on his inability to sustain a story. In 1928 he went bankrupt, had a nervous breakdown, and died of TB, in that order.
I hope you are having a great weekend, OMG the weather here in Kent is appalling, howling winds, hasn't stopped bloomin raining and so cold BBrrr!! Apologies again for not popping round to see you, my MIL is staying so blogging time is limited, promise normal service will resume in a couple of days!
(good boy.)
“I honestly do not know what I would do without my brother by my side. I can’t bear the thought of losing another brother and I’m sorry if this sounds selfish. I don’t know what I would do without him,” said Duncan, her voice quavering.
Religion has to realize this grander scale of global trends in our universe,
No calls from them… 21st I try cust care from my iPhone. I cannot reach them at all.I use my other mobile, tell them this…they assure me I will get a call back in 15 minutes around 4:20 PM.
Also it turns out he had a prolapsed cord. His cord went out before him in the birth canal. So he was crimping it, making him unable to breath in there. I read online that 20% of babies which that happens to are born dead or brain dead, because of the lack of oxygen. God was definataly watching over us. And I know angels were with us that night.
Exceeded the speed limit in residential areas or active school zones during chases.
Wednesday and Mary were more interested in throwing dirt clods in the water. The poor ducks thought they were going to get fed bread, but no such luck from these girls.
serves 12-16
D. running away.
I had a few extra gourds laying around from last years crop. Which failed might I add. But we did get a few gourds from our little patch, and so I decided to make a new birdhouse out of one of them. I really like the looks of the stained gourds but after scrubbing and scrubbing I just couldn't get the stains out of the gourd so I just painted it.
Outside a car exhaust store.
Beige jacket, Charlotte Russe. Coral blouse, Worthington. Green linen skirt with embroidery and beading, Richard Malcom. Beige slingbacks, Linea Paolo. Silver and turquoise earrings, hippie bead store at the Bellis Fair Mall.
- Spend more weekly time online (18 hours) than watching television (15 hours)
Often as he walked along a road,
Back sass? Hand over your phone. Refuse to pitch in for chores? Give me your DS. Pick a fight with your brother? Go to your room. Ummm, no. Can't take from him, can't make him. Even a couple years ago he was bigger than I was. And even if he wasn't? No amount of me trying to lord over him was going to be met with compliance. No way in hell. Only made him dig in deeper, and I always found myself looking like the ineffectual idiot that I was.
The top 6 influencers is an interesting new (beta) feature. The 6 are shown as a list, and as circles on a graph. Hover the mouse over a circle to see the name and number of followers. Click the circle to view that profile on Twitter.
However, being the rich guy which no need to worry about the money, as even at the time they go toilet, the business or investment is still making money for them, thus money is not a real concern. But, they need to spend money wisely, more people are expecting helps from those riches; if I were riches, i will help by looking into their needs and conditions, if they worth for help, I wont reject. Even I am not rich now, monthly I make donations to NGO and charities organisation, the amount of donation is not significant, but it make some differences.
Well, the confirmation showed I would get my order on the 26th. I just figured that the UPS thing was a mistake or maybe they had figured out my physical address. I was wrong. I waited all day yesterday and nothing ever showed up. At about 9 pm last night, we received a phone call from UPS. They wanted to know our house address! So, my mom gave it to them (she was the one who answered the phone) and I figured everything would be ok after all.
First of all, the cabinets will remain and I will paint those. We will however remove the cabinet above the fridge so that we can finally get a new refrigerator. This refrigerator is tiny, so we want a newer larger one. The previous owners did at least leave us with relatively new stainless dishwasher and oven, so we will go stainless on the fridge, too. For the cabinets, I am thinking something like this....
but, at some point the top got broken
Any errors, omissions, or inaccuracies herein are mine. All opinions expressed herein are mine and I take sole responsibility for them. Anything herein which is good or useful came from my nonpareil wife and our magnificent, unique children. Ok, some credit for the good stuff also goes to the brave educators who've gone before or who are currently examining the concept of education with an open mind and heart. Credit is also due to the first generation of unschoolers who shared their expertise and experience so generously with those of us who followed them. But like I said, all the bad stuff is my onus.
Isn't the pillow charming!? I think it makes the perfect textural addition to the little sitting area in my bedroom. I love how burlap adds an earthy feeling, grounding my silk curtain panels.
