The Arctic is now in the midst of the summer melt season. Through most of June, ice extent tracked below the 1979 to 2000 average, and slightly above the levels recorded during June 2007. Warm temperatures and southerly winds led to quickly declining ice concentration in some regions, such as the Laptev Sea.
(Translated by Stephen Romer in Into the Deep Street, Seven Modern French Poets 1938-2008, Edited and translated by Stephen Romer and Jennie Feldman, Anvil Press, 2009)
I also loved both Cranfords, Every BBC Jane Austen, North and South (not the US Civil War one), Mansfield Park and the last BBC Jane Eyre.
Hebrew National is considered one of the old standbys of Kosher dogs. It’s certainly one of the cheapest dogs in our entire survey, even allowing for different size packages. The thing about Hebrew National is that it wasn’t as good as any of us remembered. For one thing, it was among the softest textured dogs in the survey. Overall we all thought it was fairly greasy and although the scores for saltiness and spiciness were split, it just wasn’t the standard of excellence we had expected from our memories of those commercials with Uncle Sam and God.
I really don’t know until what time this unfair system is going to haunt the dreams of millions, but I really wish we could somehow voice this aloud in the so called Sovereign Secular Socialist Democratic Republic of India.
Will ever matter
Oval All Stamp Set (Wood Mount only - 113790)
Surely these disagreements had been made known prior to the meeting? Why otherwise did some members of the congregation see fit to escalate the matter to the Archdeacon if it was not to communicate certain disagreements? The Archdeacon was clearly aware of differences of opinion and appears to have made up his mind on a course of action before his meeting with Mr Gowlland.
In science class today, Chloe's teacher described some rocks as "non-native" and asked if anyone knew what that word meant. Trying to give someone else a chance to answer, Chloe at first didn't put up her hand. No one else volunteered, so the teacher turned it around: "Okay, how about 'native'?" Still no response. Chloe finally raised her hand, and the teacher called on her.
Al Khawaja was jailed for life last year by the National Safety Court on several charges including plotting to overthrow the administration by force.
QUIRKS: Insane action-comedy with a covert military twist.
I would recommend this to my teenage son, Bryce, because despite the bad elements in the book, there is still a resonance of truth (especially about the way truth gets twisted). However, I would probably discuss with him the nihilistic worldview presented and counter the arguments in the book against the existence of God. I still couldn't recommend it for impressionable young boys, however. And there might even be some 15 year olds who would be unable to handle this book. My 15 year old is quite strong in what he believes and could handle the intense subject matter. Also, since it is heavily laden with boy humor, it might not appeal as much to teenage girls.
But the payoff? Locally grown, totally organic food, including meats. Sure, it'll take a little more time, and yes, it will cost more in terms of time. But for us, this is going to be a small step towards a life that will be happier and healthier for everyone.
*Optional: Sequin or Rhinestone
I just sit there and shake with silent laughter. It is a wonderful feeling to have people who stick up for you, even if it is all in fun!
On Sunday mornings, Granny Gail gathers up all of these kids and brings them to our church. Usually on Saturday nights, she has sleepovers at her house. The kids come, they play board games and watch movies. Granny Gail irons their clothes for church and gets them all up, feeds them breakfast and brings them to church. She also gives every child that goes to church a dollar to put in the offering plate. This comes from a woman that, to the world, has so little to give...yet she gives of what she does have.
I give movie a full-blooded recommendation. I was swept away, and I enjoyed it mightily. But it was not the best superhero movie by any means. I might even go so far to say that last summer's Captain America hit more of my fanboy buttons in that regard, and none of the Marvel flicks has yet to hold a candle to Christopher Reeve and his Man of Steel. That's the gold standard still.
But if you purchase it on the Amazon.com website, it only costs $15.75, with free shipping.”
Okay ... back to the business at hand!
way so always be wary of how you treat others and how you act in all
Details – Crocheted-Yoke Floral Pleated Dress by Angel love
3. Flatten Spinach mixture on your palm and put paneer balls in center of spinach to make kofta.
“Smoke became evident in the cockpit and one of our pilots was required to use an extinguisher,” a Jetstar spokesman told Australia’s ABC News.
As of noon on August 8th, we have only one seat remaining for the upcoming Jingle Bell Crop. Perhaps some of your creative friends have already signed up and now you want to come too? Or perhaps you'll be brave like I was a few years ago and head to the Jingle Bell Crop all on your own! I signed up alone, sat at a table with some people I only kinda-sorta knew and ended up have a great time!!! You know that the food will be exceptional, the games fun, and the take home treats great!!! Join us!!!
The fact that the Board has, as a matter of rule, passed every budget that has been presented to it with little or no depth of inquiry is inconsequential.
I can’t remember if I ever posted a picture of the outfit I wore to my 21st after all the effort I went to putting it together. Apologizes if I’ve already blogged this and am suffering amnesia.
Don’t Recycle – PREcycle
In the post below, I thanked ‘onwindydays’ for the award, and did a link.
1/2 organic coconut flour
Education Minister Thomas Lukaszuk has repeatedly said the government has no intention of undermining parents’ religious rights and that the amendment was only necessary to address concerns from the home-schooling community. “The act as it was written in no way affected parents rights or their ability to educate their children in a home setting,” Lukaszuk said outside the legislature Thursday. "But obviously there are some Albertans who are concerned that somehow their rights may be affected. So I have provided a new preamble.” A preamble is a section of a law that “interprets the spirit of the act,” Lukaszuk said. “It clearly restates what the act already says: There is no intention in any way to affect or in any way diminish parental rights.”
Besides the huge surge in real estate purchases, where else are the Chinese investing in the U.S.?
Sainsbury’s is the UK’s third-biggest grocer and sales were boosted by warm weather and the royal wedding and are finding that home accessories are returning their highest-ever sales. Clothing sales were also boosted by a TV advertising campaign.
I, a fresh young bride, looked at her then with wondering eyes. Me? Greet my husband with fried onion? My husband will have a three-course gourmet meal every night!
Looking forward to next year!!
Did you see the words “equip the saints for the work…” and “equipped” and “working properly?” I see them. What do they mean? It means people come to church to be equipped so they can do the work and the salt gets out of the shaker. Pretty simple stuff if you ask me.
Location: Okefenokee National Wildlife Refuge, 5 mi NE of Fargo, GA
“But the man went out and began to talk freely about it, and to spread the news, so that Jesus could no longer openly enter a town, but was out in desolate places, and people were coming to him from every quarter.”
Ed had a sense of humor that would make me laugh, at a time in my life when laughter was a luxury. I met him in the first year of my training, and considered him a godsend. He was always happy to see me, always full of life and hope.
Hot flushes, tears, flippant bloody moods. The house has gone to shit and I am drowning in it.
She’s a pretty grey bird with a collar of gold and is identified by her previous owner as being a “McMurray Hatchery Easter Egger/Ameraucana”.
Anna left this world on April 4th, 2011, very suddenly and very unexpectedly. I've been doing a lot of reflecting over the past few days, because as the anniversary of her death and funeral approached, the sad feelings began flowing again. I certainly haven't forgotten about her, but it is true that time heals people. After her death, as the year went on, other things began to consume my thoughts. Normal, every day life took the place of the feelings of sadness in my mind. But every now and then something would happen where I just needed a friend, and the realization that I couldn't pick up the phone to call Anna would hit me like a ton of bricks and my tears would start all over.
If and when recidivism studies are conducted, to the extent unemployment is a major risk factor for recidivism, it's possible vocational programming may be as or more effective than drug treatment at reducing future crime: Right now we just don't have the data to tell. But since the two most important risk factors preventing reentry success are difficulty finding employment and drug use, to the extent vocational ed helps overcome the first of those barriers, it's likely reducing recidivism even if the studies haven't been done yet to calculate how much.
Fifth, this verdict is unfair to the parents of all children, healthy or not, impaired or intact, handicapped or fully capable. It places a numeric value on one condition, determines it is a burden which deserves to be paid for. What about all the parents out there with babies born with conditions that could have been diagnosed, that should have been diagnosed? What about children with conditions that aren't quite so distinguishable? Are they also therefore entitled to allege they would have aborted their children had they been given the option so that they may collect millions of dollars?
We are the abandoned hesitation of all those who can't wait
Do you want to be any of those things?
I turned 10 in July, Scooter will be 14 in Sept. and Bentley has been gone 2 weeks. He is back with his breeder. He is a special needs dog and Mom knows she couldn't afford the specialists he needs. Her fervent hope is he is given those specialists. Mom feels it is neurological based on her nursing experience. She says he took a big piece of her heart. I even thought she was hiding him for about a week, then moved on.
I'm still laughing, I had to call Chris at work and make him laugh.
Isn't there a saying that 'a week is a long time in politics'?
I walked over to where a few chairs were stacked against the wall, grabbed one, and dragged it noisily across the stone floor next to where Mel sat asleep. I sat down and stared at the radiator, envisioning the separate rays of heat that came out of it. I thought again to my earlier doings of the day; if only I had paid attention to the weather, or had accepted my girlfriend’s proposal to a date. I thought about my girlfriend; she was a sweet chick, one that I thought was a keeper. Her name was Mandy. We’d been out a few times already and I thought we were starting to get close. I wondered what she thought about us. I kept thinking and staring for a while as Betty prepared the coffee, or whatever she said she was doing. I didn’t care right now; I just wanted to get home so I could see Mandy again.
Without a flaw
(Insert a few stories about local lottery ticket purchasers)
Our good friend and gifted journalist Christian DeBenedetti, has an impressive new book out, The Great American Ale Trail – The Craft Beer Lover’s Guide to the Best Watering Holes in the Nation. Great American Ale Trail is an essential and tremendously informative travel guide for beer aficionados, thus I’m sure Chris reveled in every minute of his ale and lager-imbibing research. In the book Chris says that there is a genuine revolution happening in America when it comes to beer, and he spent a full year traveling around America documenting it. I just got a copy and quickly flipped to page 307- there it was, a full page and a half devoted to Bayou Teche Brewing Company.
Ah, but haggis is what makes Scotland great. (I know I was in England, but so were the Greeks, the Arabs, the Poles, the Irish, the French, and every one else on the planet.) Haggis is so important to the Scots (and there are six million people of Scottish descent in the U.S., including the Hereford Zone), that the famous Scot poet Robert Burns wrote a poem about it. Bear with me as we get literary…
Instead, David tells us:
This two hour trip to IKEA to hang with one of my best bloggy friends made my whole week! If you haven’t seen dear Traci’s blog, head on over. You’ll love it.
Teachers who paid the field trip fee out of their own pocket for students they knew couldn't afford it.
He showed oft-cited statistics linking obesity to diabetes and to heart disease, but suggested that simply encouraging people to “take out the gym membership, ride your bike, walk more” isn’t very effective because “we do the things that are the easiest and if there are barriers to doing healthy things then we don't do the healthy things.” And he reminded conference delegates that while the body strongly resists losing weight, there are marked health improvements just with increased physical activity, even if there isn’t an accompanying weight loss.
O crystal well!
I am crossing my fingers that I may be able to whip up some new images this week. My DT gals I am sure are wondering what planet I have flown off to. Things have been a bit yucky for me around here. All I can say is this:
and then just like that
Stamps: PTI Modern Basics
One of the things we used to do as kids was trample around in the woods behind my Cousin’s house, (it was more like a mansion) It was the house my “Uncle” grew up in, complete with secret back stairs for the days of servants and a servant’s quarters near the kitchen. It had 2 fireplaces, a library, baby grand piano, a beautiful staircase, gorgeous velvet chairs, a sun room, basement, attic, complete with amazing train sets, 6 bedrooms, claw bathtubs, 5 bathrooms, a porch, 2 car garage, large driveway around the whole house, dog pen, swimming pool, a perfect sledding hill and those woods. My cousin called it the “Glen” or the “Brook” When the weather was nice and the water was not up too high, we would venture out for hours. Sometimes just the cousins, sometimes the neighborhood kids would tag along. My cousin’s house had back stairs by the old pool that would lead into the “Glen” and that was our entry point. It was so beautiful and so peaceful. Of course we would be screaming and carrying on, hiking, turning over rocks, daring each other to climb trees that fell across the water, digging for salamanders, hunting for animals, and just having a great adventure.
1 tablespoon white vinegar
The image is Cricus Trixie from Saturated Canary. I just love these images! They always seem to be perfect for every occasion! I colored her in with my colored pencils and added some glitter detailing around so she sparkled :) Always have to have the glitter!
Hamas Leader Khaled Mash’al Praises Sheik Yousef Al-Qaradhawi for His Support of Suicide Operations and States: The Holocaust Was Exaggerated and Is Used to Extort Germany. Zionist Holocaust against Arabs Much Worse.
as an example of something –
It's a minor inconvenience, but worth it to me. It's not just that I'm doing this to save 30 bucks, but rather it's a principle issue with how Amazon conducted business on this device. If you are like me and want to get what you thought you paid for, for the price you paid, then it's not a big deal at all.
I feel like I am in a walking hell at the moment and I can't find an exit route to take out of it. Because not only did *I* lose my mother, four weeks later, my own husband lost his Mother. We have only been back in the country not even a week, and during our time in England, my daughter and I came down with either food poisoning or a nasty bug on the plane. We were so sick in fact, that my daughter couldn't even get off the floor of the hotel room because of throwing up so much, and we both missed the funeral. Once returning from England, I also promptly came down sick again, this time running fever and now my daughter has it too. I am thankful to God that it wasn't nearly as severe as it was in England.
This week, we are sponsored by Prairie Fairy. They gave the DT some of their wonderful images to use on our projects this week. We want to see RECYCLING on your projects this week. So, you can alter an item, or use something recycled on your project. Please say what has been recycled, so we can easily see it. Here is the inspiration from the fabulous DT:
All the elements from our waking world are there, be they workplace stresses, sexual desires, or even ideas absorbed from TV, radio, or Internet. The roles filled by people from our waking world can stray greatly inside our dreams, just as moods we associate with certain things or events can. In a way, dreaming is rather like playing Yahtzee, with pieces of our waking lives making up the sides of our dice.
Youngblood brass band - The warrior comes out to play
leaves made with the abundant rain we have been given this spring.
Brandy and ripe in my bright, bass prime,
Still, it makes no sense to bring people in for whom no job is waiting especially in a less than hospitable labour market. Many have immigrated to Canada only to quickly discover it was career suicide to do so. With that said this just might be the best thing to happen to them. And labour markets change over time. What skills may have been in demand five years ago may be outdated or in surplus today. Besides, immigrating to Canada is not a right.
“It’s fine I’m fine.”
Surely managing all modes of transport - means more than telling people to not use it and getting companies to make staff work from home? Why is it up to businesses to resolve the anticipated problems? I know it's early days, but yesterday's announcement sounds like the ODA are already giving up!
The town is located in idyllic surroundings (Eastwood had an entire town built on the beautiful shore of Mono Lake in California) but its residents appear rotten to the core. They all harbour dark secrets and the stranger has a mysterious connection to Lago which becomes apparent through his fevered nightmares of the town’s marshal being brutally whipped to death.
be submitted to both Organising Chairs by
Red Dwarf (Series 1 – 4)
"I wrote this in the toilet earlier, it's all in me pissed head so bear with me!"
According to Egypt Independent, on Friday, April 27, for the second consecutive week, a number of groups, including the Muslim Brotherhood, called for protests at Tahrir Square to demand the handover of power from the armed forces and the exclusion of former regime leaders from future political roles. The theme of this return to Tahrir was “saving the revolution.” But on week two, the Muslim Brotherhood never made it to the square. Present were a modest crowd of Salafists demonstrating for the implementation of Sharia law and a variety of groups and movements with creative names—“revolutionaries without direction” and “elections are a trap”—staking their stages around the square.
Echoing off the walls of my mind,
The local council where I live is cutting funding to many of the places that are the hub of community work, voluntary work, helping, caring, supporting, forcing these to close if funding doesn't come from somewhere else by the end of March. That's six weeks time.
Living on a dairy where plants grow well, as well as living in a forest, surrounded by clear blue lakes and streams, you become familiar with the surrounding colors. You can close your eyes and imagine a season and your mind fills the darkness with the correct colors you remember from your childhood walks along the lake, or a hike in the woods.
I’ve been running for years, but after this “run” I learned that you should never push yourself in conditions you’re not familiar with – it’s just not safe. I’m looking forward to running with a few thousand more friends this weekend…where the temperatures are expected to be much more cooperative.
Foundation for Education’s Human Life Value calculator identifies an individual’s
This is the story of the super wealthy Dutch families of Manhattan-the ones with the 56 room cottages in Newport and the mansions on 5th avenue. The actual plot is quite simple-girl must marry boy she doesn’t want to, he is also being forced to marry by his politically minded father, she loves someone out of her class, her bitchy best friend wants the boy she is engaged to, and all of society is watching their every move.
So thats that.. We are trudging along, still trying, and never giving up hope
Brian Posehn did a great set, heavy on the geek, sex, and poop jokes which endeared him at least to the men in the room. He tried out a few new jokes which, while needing a little work, seemed to work well. Funny guy.
Sixty-four years ago, the United States became the first country in the world to recognize the State of Israel–the realization of a modern day state in the historic homeland of the Jewish People. Since that momentous day, the special bond of friendship between the United States and Israel has grown stronger. Ours is a unique relationship founded on an unbreakable commitment to Israel’s security, and anchored by our common interests and deeply held values. These values continue to enlighten and guide our efforts as we work with Israel, as well as with others in the region, to confront shared challenges and to achieve a just and comprehensive peace based on a two-state solution that will usher in a future of peace, security, and dignity for the people of Israel and its neighbors.
Of the brutal world
While I adore motherhood, it is harder and there are more adjustments than I expected. (I am hoping there are some nodding of heads and Amen’s being said out there in cyberworld.) Not only did I have a new life to care for, but my identity suddenly felt all scrambled up. It took me until my son was one to finally feel confident in my new role as a mother, confident that I could drop my child off at preschool without crying, confident that I could go out with the girls’ and the world wouldn’t fall apart, and confident that I could go on a date night and have conversations that didn’t revolve just around our son.
Having your boyfriend jump off of you, climb out of the car, and chase after the guy, completely forgetting that you’re still half-naked—that trumps it.
I’ve taken my measurements today at the start of the challenge and I’m going to post them every week to see how I’ve got on.
have a super week!
... and that is how you stay prepared.
1 tsp. coarse salt and freshly ground pepper, and red pepper flakes to taste
"Oh. There You are..."
Mark and I would like to communicate with Jonathan before we get there. We got permission to write him letters. I just finished one and am enclosing bags of candy for his friends, a hat, scarf and gloves. I also made a photo book for him with pictures of the family and our home, and a journal with his picture on it. I'm waiting for those to come in, then I will send it next week. I would like to send him something every week until we get there. I'm hoping that it will make it less awkward when we first meet.
Computers that are issued by the GRID Systems Corp.. This, during the 1980's used by NASA and the U.S. army. In 1988 GRIDD Systems Corp.. taken over by Tandy Corporation (RadioShack).
For every issue of Scholastic News, there is a video that introduces the topic and provides background knowledge for the students. It is available in English and Spanish. Here is a video we watched today about the life of Dr. Seuss. Click on the picture to go watch it.
You just need two strips of matching or complimentary fabric, about 2 inches wide and at least 2 inches longer than the length of your sweater down the middle. A cute fat quarter will work for many sweater lengths and gives you plenty of fabric. If you want your cardigan to clasp close you will also need some buttons, or toggles and some elastic.
The 78-year-old Tunku Aziz said that while he was in full support of citizens’ right to assembly, it does not mean that he supported actions which were against the law.
We didn't set off any smoke alarms....
the cicadas grind their teeth in "song"
5)That all communications and activities based in Northern Ireland be brought to the mainland immediately and downsized to fit within the Party’s realistic structural capability and budget.
Then I don't wanna get quite so attached
Need advice about your outfit, a trend, the boy or girl you want to ask out, your asshole coworker? Send them to us and let us help guide you. Send to wineandpanties@gmail.com or our Facebook Page.
Now, the best thing that could happen in post- tax season is this: no more tax commercials on TV and radio. And that guy standing on the street dressed as Uncle Sam flipping the “we do taxes” sign way up in the air has put his gear away for another year!
These were, indeed, the much more innocent, golden days before Health & Safety rules kicked in.
“Life is not a journey to the grave with the intention of arriving safely in a pretty and well preserved body, but rather to skid in broadside, thoroughly used up, totally worn out, and loudly proclaiming – “WOW – What a Ride!” – Anonymous
I am not surprised that traditional agencies are now catching, if not surpassing, digital agencies in online advertising innovation. Why? Because traditional agencies still respect and believe in big ideas.
RIP Davy Jones.
Sex appeal: High; Eleanor Parker, Tuesday Weld, Carol Lynley, Jeff Chandler if you happen to like Jeff Chandler.
1 American military Lunch packet (every once in a while)
A bit of a back story, the labour and delivery of my son while starting off normal enough quickly had turned into a 26 hour ordeal of hard labour, contractions not going into a pattern, the baby in mild distress, ending in a lot of oxytocin, an epidural, a vacuum extraction and a very blue baby. If I had ever prayed to a god I did then, to every damn god and deity I new of. Whether it was the power of prayer or a good rub down on the part of the midwives (who through it all never left my side because midwives are solid like that), I had a beautiful, healthy baby boy but also feelings of disappointment over the whole process.
Original Release Dates: The Poets - 1971, American Diary Association: ??
I’ll let that sink in for a minute. I mean, he used cake flour and everything to bake the cake, and he made pudding from scratch. I am so impressed. By the way it was tasty. Isabelle even licked her plate. I didn’t get a picture of that.
The glow of Jesus has come to us distorted by the distance light has to traverse over 2000 years to reach the here and now, bounced along the way off such cracked mirrors, bent copper pans and dented silver chalices that the Gospel writers and Church leaders have been, and all men are. It’s miraculous that unknown outside a little sliver of a remote, benighted province at its inception, and multiplexed with great noise as it has been since, the transmission has reached us at all. Admitting that we don’t know where the noise ends and the transcendent music begins could rebuild a stout foundation for a new Christian spirituality. “There lives more faith in an honest doubt,“ wrote one of the great 10-percenters of the 19th century, Alfred Tennyson, “than in half the creeds.”
Bring to a boil, then simmer until sauce thickens and reduces
I bet she's starting to show - she's always so thin, I can't get her fattened up when she's not pregnant!
Get up and dance with this Sexy Rock Star and move it like Jagger! You can also see Adam move it like Jagger!
I am a stay at home professional woman. I love to cook and entertain and these are just 3 recipes I came up with over the years and wanted to share them. I have gotten great compliments on these dishes and I hope your family likes them.
And some of these things we had tried in the past and found out later that they were not so good of an idea, after all. But when I voice my concerns nobody listens. So all I can say is "Watch your a*s and cover your butt and be careful." It's the best I can do, I suppose.
Release Date : 30 Dec 2010
Finally, take that little piece you cut from the solid piece of fabric earlier (the tutorial image with the numbers on it), and use it to cover the sewn ends. I rolled my ends a little as I was pulling this piece of fabric around them because I felt it would have a better fit around your neck that way and keep the whole thing from being too bulky when you wear it looped around your neck twice.
3 cups fresh blueberries
(by Ben Holmes)
However, if one reads closely, one will see that what is being proposed is not precisely an e-celebration. Rather, Faber is proposing to basically do what Salt Publishing already does - the "build it and they will come" approach, where a site offers cool things, around the books for sale (podcasts, and so on). This is not new; nor is the print-on-demand idea - many often smaller publishers already use this technology. Page risks appearing cynical if, as he suggests, the idea is to employ the energy and specialised interests of the web-world, in order to target more buyers. Publishing in the UK, as Eyewear has also suggested here, continues to miss the point of the literary Internet - that it thrives best when it is not simply, or even at all, about selling (though Amazon does that superbly). Wired and browsing readers with their own niche sites and interests, and the blogosphere, may resist being too-clearly targeted. However, as Faber is a business, some allowances can be made for the profit motive.
- I streaked in the rain one time with my best friend.
NASDAQ Composite: 41.79 g, only 2.2% below its 2009 low
Triangular Face: Focus on the upside
all I saw was the sun behind clouds
Though not my favorite Rolling Stones song, I love how simple and amateur this song sounds; just a few DBish 20-something brits playing around in a basement studio somewhere. It’s a little dirty and uniquely enjoyable. Very similar to the first squid ink pasta I had on the trip at the same restaurant in Sovicille as the night before.
While squash is finishing roasting, start cooking pasta. Sautee the onion in olive oil cooking spray and a little olive oil. When onions start to soften, add some sage. Then add beans, plus broth as needed to allow for a little sauce without making it soupy. Hopefully your pasta and squash are both done now. Drain pasta (saving some liquid if you wish) and stir into onions and beans. Add salt if needed. Add as much squash as you want. Use broth or pasta water to loosen if it seems dry. Top each serving with crumbled feta. I had mine on a mountain of arugula.
Was it something I said?
The Red X’s represent planned obstacles. In all cases these roads could be blocked quite easily using a chainsaw to create a complex abatis. If we were forced to leave one route open we would leave the southern approach open however restrict the lanes so that no vehicle would be able to make a “fast dash” up the road into the middle of our AO. For further restriction we could even create more abatis on the roads outside of our boundary.
It will probably remain a mystery.
Tourists are easy pickings for the thieves of Arusha. Most of us, unused to the need for such a high level of personal security, are foolish enough to leave things out in the open, or display our highly-priced gadgets where they are easily spotted by members of local thief-rings. We are used to gentler public environments.
The FBI agent and investigator are both endearing as well. Stevens (the investigator) is living the dream now that he is working with the FBI to chase these guys, but it conflicts with his desire to be home with his wife and children. Adding this internal conflict in the story is something that I think other thrillers often miss. Laukkanen was able to provide the time for the reader to get to know each and every character, not easy to do with so many characters. Even the really bad guys, members of the mob, are shown more closely than I’ve read before. Seeing this story from all of the different angles keeps it interesting throughout. Each time I put the book down I kept saying “I want to know what’s going to happen next” and quickly returned to the story. Whatever Laukkanen writes next, I’ll be reading it.
I’ll never forget the time I committed a crime against all humanity. As punishment, I was sealed into a metal pod and launched into outer space to orbit a dead star for all eternity. I was provided with a lifetime supply of food and water but nothing else. No books, no music, nothing. I couldn’t even look out the window because there were no windows. I’ll freely admit I spent a lot of time masturbating in that pod but even that pastime had to be abandoned eventually. I had forgotten what women looked like. The closest thing I had for reference was me and I’m a man. I couldn’t even get anything going at half mast because I don’t fancy myself very much. Women didn’t fancy me much either back on Earth. I laughed upon realising the irony of that. I laughed pretty hard. Manically actually. To be honest, I was a cackling like a mad man. It was something to do.
Heres your pizzas. That’ll be $ 22.42
1) Ruger 10/22: Some say the Marlin 60 is perhaps the better rifle and in fact there have been more Marlin 60′s built (11 million vs. Ruger 10/22 5 million built). Nevertheless, the Ruger 10/22 is somehow a more popular rifle meaning there are more after market parts/add ons and it always seems that everybody has a Ruger 10/22 and you can find them anywhere. These rifles are reliable even when using very inexpensive ammunition. They are accurate right out of the box and cleaning and disassembly is relatively easy and straightforward, although I’ve heard of people who’ve never cleaned their 10/22 and they claim it still fires flawlessly. The 10/22 is a semi-automatic rifle and comes with a 10 round capacity magazine.
NOTE : The settings on the Microtrack II are for 24 bit recording and 48kHz sample rate, encoded as Wave files. The bass filter on the mics was off.
In selecting a girl as my main character, I’m also accepting, I suppose, that on the whole I find girls more interesting than boys, women more interesting then men. And certainly during the last few years, when my daughters have fallen in love and the elder has married, I’ve been conscious of how the role of father changes. No longer is he the beloved! So you could argue that Bracelet of Bones and Scramasax are novels about a girl defining her changing relationship with her father (and to men) while her author was of necessity redefining his relationship to his daughters.
Tonight I had a date with a Spanish lady.... I started lessons with a classical guitar teacher tonight. It didn't include dinner and a movie but we made sweet music together, the guitar and I, not the teacher LOL. Seriously, when you stop playing, you lose so much of the muscle memory and the callouses are gone. I have some pain to go through in the next few weeks but the end result will be well worth it. I don't have the skills yet so I will share some of what I'm aiming for. Some of you will recognize the first piece in another style.
With the cameras down there had been a number of concerned posts on the blog, as well as on Twitter and Facebook. There had also been a transatlantic call from a concerned Peregrine Cam watcher in New York, desperate for some positive news.
- Add ShowMe’s to your Do-It-Yourself blog
Sgt. Maj. Lacey B. Ivory, 43, Woodbridge, Va.
45. Because of its effects on oxygen delivery, caffeine increases the likelihood of birth defects and low birth weight.
(Hebrews 12:2 The Scriptures 1998+)
Scott Pilgrim (Michael Cera) begins Wright's film in the throes of fallout from a painful break-up with Envy Adams (Brie Larson), who is now a major pop star; he's carrying on a kind of rebound relationship with 17-year-old schoolgirl Knives Chau (Ellen Wong). At a party, however, he glimpses and then pursues the tantalizingly elusive Ramona Flowers (Mary Elizabeth Winstead)—only to discover that Ramona herself has some baggage from her past in the form of "seven evil exes," all of whom Ramona has moved to Toronto in order to escape, all of whom come back to haunt her and Scott, all of whom Scott is forced to fight in order to have Ramona all for himself.
The shade is number 8. It makes me sad when companies don't give colours names... sometimes that's the fun part and attracts you to the polish even more... well maybe that's just me!
The maximum number of workers at any one time is likely to be about 800, while smaller events could have only 500 workers.
Structural changes in the composition of Indian agriculture are leading to diversification into horticulture, livestock and fisheries since the 1990s. Analysing the likely high contribution of these high-value sectors, the report says that the shares of fruits & vegetables and livestock have shown an increasing trend in recent years and have been growing at much faster rates than the traditional crops sector. Given the rising share of high value commodities in the total value of agricultural output and their growth potential, this segment is expected to drive agricultural growth in the years to come. Bringing in reforms to streamline domestic markets and expanding the infrastructure and institutions to connect local markets with national and global markets, will go a long way in improving India’s competiveness and the benefits from trade liberalization. Higher investment in basic infrastructure like roads, canal waters, watersheds, check dams, etc. will attract private investment in other areas of the supply chain.
My story: Judith Campbell Exner and Ovid Demetrias
found right under my nose.
I LOVE our CLUCK sets (I used CLUCK PART II)! I think they are all totally fun! How can you go wrong with the sentiment "What the Cluck?"!!!
George Romney spent the first few years of his life here and his pride in the history shines through in a family travel log he helped write in 1941, tracing the flight across the western United States and down into Mexico.
Like its sister bar, Kung Fu Saloon, the Brew Exchange will give back generously to the community we too call home. In September Kung Fu Saloon with the help of their customers donated $5,000 to the American Red Cross to help the victims of the Bastrop Complex fires.
I quickly got up and showered and dressed. I hadnt felt this energized in months… hell, years! It was as if someone had given me a happy injection. I flung the back doors to my house open and looked down at the patio… drifting in the mid morning breeze was a large, snow white feather.
Leave me a comment if you haven’t given up on me!!!!!!!! :)
I'm interested to learn what you think of contentment. Does this word have a positive or negative connotation to you?
So what we are stuck with right now is the status quo. But the current state of affairs cannot last much longer. Germany is getting sick and tired of giving out bailouts and nations such as Greece are getting sick and tired of the austerity measures that are being forced upon them.
And welcome thee, and wish thee long.
I have been put to death with Christ on His cross, so that it is no longer I who live, but it is Christ who lives in me. This life that I live now, I live by faith in the Son of God who loved me and gave His life for me. I refuse to reject the grace of God! Amen!
it was a great night seeing friends we have not seen for awhile. it was fun catching up with them and getting reacquainted once more especially with everyone's busy schedule. it was really nice to take time and see each other again before the even busier holiday season is here!
And I'm sorry, this post is super... dead. I have no idea why. Ok wait I know. It's 1am on Wed! I'm supposed to be posting J now and I'm only on H... Sigh:( going to sleep now, school in the morning! Goodnight!
Fact #10: Sara Lomas invented the Star Trek red shirt only to give people the option of a kinder, gentler death.
When I bought the first pair of pants I tried on several sizes. The first size I tried on fit at the waist, but were too short, so I tried on bigger sizes to see if those sizes allowed for more length, they didn't. I thought no big deal. I will look like a goob, but I needed something other than jeans and I was willing to sacrifice a little aesthetics for function.
"Do you want to just ridicule me? Because if so, we're done here."Or how about this one:
UPDATE: Paul Westerdawg passes on what he’s heard. The surprise is ‘Bama staying on the schedule (at home, no less) and Ole Miss dropping off.
June 25 – Infant Mental Health and FASD: How do Children with Prenatal Alcohol Exposure Present in Infancy? – REGISTER NOW
So, kids, the next time you try to call your boyfriend or girlfriend only to find out that they’ve changed their number without telling you, or when you tell them that you love them and they say, “Thanks. Do you know what I love? Whoppers! Let’s go to Burger King…”, or even when their birthday is 2 weeks away and they tell you that you “don’t need to keep that night free”, you will know what’s coming.
Different scents evoke different feelings for me. I was born with a very distinct sense of smell, to the dismay of most of my family members, because the nose usually always knows and rarely anything stinky gets past my nose. Usually it is my darling hubby who thinks I am insane for smelling something that is not there, but my nose usually wins out.
The place we visited consisted of two types of life. We investigated them without getting too close.
So, he does give me this bit, though, he tells me I need to call my doctor and tell her what is going on. He advises me of this telling me she will probably tweak my meds just a bit, or something. So I do. I do and I leave a message explaining the push of the anxiety upon my body and how it feels like I've done something horribly wrong and I've sleepless nights and flighty thoughts. They (the receptionist) call me back to tell me they've moved me up from next Thursday to Tuesday and if I need to be seen before then, I can escort myself to the emergency room, have a nice day.
“I thought you might want to know what all the lights are for.”
I repeated aloud
Seashell Pink Cream Shadow: It's the perfect shade for us very fair chicks to use on our lids to give us that glistening no-makeup look. Or you can pop it in the inner corner of your eye to add some drama. While you're at it, put a little on your cheek bone for a shimmering touch.
The Grand Army Plaza Greenmarket is held on Saturdays from 8 a.m. to 4 p.m. year-round. The city's Greenmarkets are a program of GrowNYC, a non-profit geared toward improving the quality of life in the five boroughs through environmental programs. This particular Greenmarket, founded in 1989, is GrowNYC's flagship Brooklyn market and is its second largest market behind Union Square.
I've done this before and it's getting worse. I'm cramming in more and more colours. There's no denying I've got a bad case of Colour Greed.
Okay: Off to move the dog from the bed to the couch!
09 Dream A Little Dream On Me
SOPA places the onus of responsibility on the middleman, rather than on the person loading the offending material to the web. So, for example, “Web hosts, payment processors, and operators of technical infrastructure, like the Domain Name System,” observes Doctorow.
To progress though the game the player simply talks to the characters they meet while wandering the world. You’re presented with a choice of questions to ask, and once you decide to assist a character a quest is set in place. These quests are many and varied and can at times overlap and present the player with a moral dilemma. For example, last week I rented a room at a very pleasant inn. I slept for seven hours and expected (as is the norm) to wake and continue with whatever I was up to before sleeping. However, I awoke as a captive of the leader of the Dark Brotherhood. I was presented with a choice by her. There were three bound and hooded captives kneeling before me. I should interrogate each and decide which individual should die, otherwise I would be killed. I interviewed each—deciding two were worthy of my blade, but decided to turn it against my captor. Once she was despatched I released the hooded captives and was presented with a new quest, “Destroy the Dark Brotherhood”. Last month I spent a fortnight as a vampire: as the disease spread I searched for a cure and found a mage, a saviour—someone who could perform a ritual to cure me. However, as the disease matured I discovered I could not enter any civilised settlement without being attacked, including the village where my saviour waited for my return! I had only one option—to feed and remove my blood lust appearance. Only then was I allowed into settlements without being attacked by every inhabitant to collect the ingredients I needed for my cure.
But they do make sweet pets. You’ll need some type of hutch or outdoor enclosure that can both keep your rabbits from getting out or letting predators in. If you’ve been living in New York this summer and had a rabbit they would not thank you. Extreme temperatures can’t be tolerated by these animals without adequate water and shade—you might consider bringing them inside for a few days.
Georgy sends me a thank you in the name of Jesus for his new roof. His whole family is praying for me now.
Peas:
OOssbboorrnneeGGllaassssCCoommppaannyy
Warm paraffin is also used extensively to soften dry, cracked skin by drawing moisture from within
I write at an average of about 800-900 words an hour (which is about average for human beings), so I need about 60 hours of focussed writing time to do my 50k. There are 168 hours in a week; I knew going into NaNo that I was going to need over a third of the available hours to meet my goal of completing in a week.
play in the rain
As for the inconveniences that a person may experience on the way to… or on the way from where ever, I can only hope that this story has provided some perspective. I finish with an image that perhaps the ripple effect of each our actions reaches further than we could ever imagine, and that maybe our collective actions will effect a positive change. And the hope that one day the women in Guatemala may enjoy peace as well.
(teehee)
i got lots of new clothes i could share - but the biggest news - ALL MY JEANS FIT ME AGAIN!!!! - Joe said "you starved yourself into a new wardrobe" - NOTE: i really didn't starve myself, the stress of life has just made me drop some pounds - now to keep it up, get to the gym and tone, and lose a few more!
In The Big Short, his masterful deconstruction of the sub-prime mortgage crisis that did for Lehman Brothers, it’s a small group of investors, hedge fund managers and bankers who spotted that lending large sums of money to fundamentally insolvent housebuyers was bound to end in tears. In Boomerang, it’s the author himself who travels to Greece, Iceland and Ireland to discover why their economies collapsed in the chaos that followed.
I rewind to the moment I sat at a dining room table and awkwardly tried to explain what a Puerto Rican was. To explain politics and geography to a table of ignorant people so they could understand what commonwealth means.
THE PRESIDENT: That’s a question for the Speaker, not a question for me. My experience with John Boehner has been good. I think he’s a good man who wants to do right by the country. I think that it’s a — as Chip alluded to, the politics that swept him into the speakership were good for a midterm election; they’re tough for governing. And part of what the Republican caucus generally needs to recognize is that American democracy works when people listen to each other, we’re willing to give each other the benefit of the doubt, we assume the patriotism and good intentions of the other side, and we’re willing to make some sensible compromises to solve big problems. And I think that there are members of that caucus who haven’t fully arrived at that realization yet.
She used the phrase "at the end of the day" multiple times as a "talking point" for the smoke and mirror technique that Progressives often use.
What is the bubbly carbonated drink called?
Adaptive adversity - Over the years, I've progressed from disturbing with the Boilerplate difficulty, to arduous myself with Hard, and in some cases traveling with Expert because I've already baffled all others. There are some songs, however, that alpha out deceptively simple, afresh bandy a cord of accelerated "hammer-ons" or "double-strum" chords at you afterwards on that could could could could could cause me to instantly abort out. If I footfall down a level, I could play the song in my beddy-bye with the bead in difficulty. An advantage should be added, conceivably in abode of No Abort Mode, which automatically adjusts the adversity affiliated based on your accepted performance. Achieve a 50 agenda bandage or ample the achievement bar all the way and the bold will yield it up a notch. Bead into the red, and the bold will automatically accompany the affiliated down on the fly. This will achieve affair nights a lot easier for groups of capricious skill.
The next morning he emailed to say, “Joylene, I stayed up all night reading your book. I could not put it down. Thank you for writing such a good story. Yes, it was worth every penny.”
Urgent joining in the US.
He started rolling just days after turning 4 months. Three times in a row I found him on his tummy in his bed one night. At first I thought it was a fluke, but after 3 times I realized that we had a roller. That was rolling back to tummy and he also does tummy to back too but less often.
Simple - Each participating blog hosts a giveaway and then we link up together allowing our followers to hop easily from one giveaway to the next. For followers this means loads of chances to win yummy prizes. And for us bloggers hosting the giveaways it means lots of new visitors. It's a
Imagine the thrill in his heart as he boarded that ship headed for Rome. His heart would be full of praise for He served a great God, a caring, loving, providing God; yes, a prayer answering God.
Who’s to say who will be eliminated? Possibly Phillip is in trouble, possibly Hollie for her past stiffness, maybe even Skylar for her one errant note. Every single vote counts, so keep your favorite in! Tune in tomorrow night for results, and to watch Coldplay perform!
they're always working against each other. The main thing I'm aware
that a 20 minute nap can save your life...
Ultimately, the book is a vivid portrayal of nation and her people who are trying to come in terms with changes in their lives on which they have no control over. Written in a simple direct language, it has some lovely interplay of words that leave you wondering, like ‘Two photographs – one life.” Simple, beautiful and ethereal! What is perhaps the most wonderful feature of this book is that though there is melancholia all round, Mr Remarque manages to weave a sense of wonderful laugh out loud humour – check out the racing scenes or the events at “The International” or even the doctrines of the “Last of the romantics”. It’s a moving tale, where if you are like me, a lump will form in your throat and will find its way through your eyes!! Read it, like you would enjoy a glass of wine…in fact read it with a glass of wine!! It’s worth it!
1) Answer 10 questions
You have a health issue that remains undiagnosed, chronic, and every few months you resolve to do something about it.
You can bet that everyone loved it!
Hello Jen,
Records — Lakeland/Panas 5-3.
Proton’s existing management is also said to have expressed interest in a management buyout, with the proposal spearheaded by its chairman Datuk Seri Mohd Nadzmi Mohd Salleh, and its CEO Datuk Seri Syed Zainal Abidin Syed Mohamad Tahir.
it should be a feature either on the collar or sleeve cuff.
CHILD ABUSE.
I’m walking with my son on his first zoo trip, stopping at every exhibit, wheeling his stroller into position and patiently pointing. “See darling boy, there: a bear…a monkey…a meerkat…” Finally, Mr. Elephant. Huge and utterly hypnotic in his drinking, from trough to trunk and back again. And my boy sees him. Ten seconds of intense staring. Then he has seen enough.
Do I wear the cloth of a man who has failed?
The tension in his voice and flashing gold behind his dilated eyes thrilled her and reawakened her body. “Well, someone ought to,” she whispered.
We had a chicken, no eggs she laid,
Anyone else feel like they just can’t slow down their lives? How do you say no when you want to do something but you know you should do something else?
NATIONAL LOTTERY (BBC1)
02.2 Many Rappers (Not Enuf MC's) feat. Sam I Am the MC
I said this in my sermon in the first service worshipping in the church hall. This is the hall set up by our sterling team last Saturday:
My life is so filled with stuff....and more keeps coming in each day!
etc.....
Most challenging are the times I find myself delayed at an airport, trapped in a conversation that I don’t want to have, or wanting to be doing something else.
~Participation in Inky Impressions blog hops and promotions plus enter into challenges outside of the Inky Impressions Challenges with each creation you make, and enter into a minimum of one Spiltcoast Stampers Challenge a month.
The reason that my Dad and I had no fear was that we had a secret. A secret that no one else knew. The secret was NOT that my dad had special snake expertise. The secret was NOT that my Dad was extra quick, or had ever done anything like that before. The secret that my Dad and I had was that we knew something no one else knew . . . we knew that the snake was already dead.
I want you back
How many hours were there until opening Tap East when I posted my 'still to do list' in September?
Do your dances alone in your room.
from your legs, later, down
August has been a really busy month, but thankfully I've managed to have a couple of days off to celebrate my 30-somethingth birthday this week! As a treat we ventured down to Brighton to take in some sea air & to visit Bar du Chocolat on Middle Street. If you're not familiar with it, Bar du Chocolat is part of the Choccywoccydoodah family. It would be impossible to even try & explain the amazing cakes they create, so instead I'll point you to their website, I'll guarantee you'll be drooling into your keyboard. We went for afternoon coffee & cake, & it was absolutely glorious!
Now! Check out this way cool card catalog turned buffet by the ever-so-talented Jeremy and Adri over at Dream Book Design.
Notwithstanding the high cost of living as well as the hassles and troubles that come with living in Israel; the specter of terror — in which people I know have been killed; l, we are still living lives of meaning, beauty and adventure at the tail end of the most momentous century in the history of the Jewish people since the destruction of the Second Temple nearly 2,000 years ago.
Feel free to post them, or link up to them, in the comments
NABC Le Diable Blonde (2010) 10.7%
45 Field Hospital
While our daughters and I are happy to have him back in Jakarta, I am still worried about my family, relatives and friends who are still in Tokyo. They can’t pack up and leave their life behind. I hope that the situation will improve soon.
The rear wing uses the moulded inlet on the front of the mainplane to feed a full width slot exiting behind the wing, just below the slot created between the main plane and flap. This is similar to the wing used at Monaco in 2009.
This was a very tasty, quick and easy meal to prepare. I would make it again for a dinner party, but I can't say duck will be my new go to quick weeknight meal.
nothing is left but your heat in my bed.
Five minutes later I was walking in to see you. I first panicked because I didn’t see you, then saw your mother heading towards a bearded man and realized it was you. Then I panicked because I had an overwhelming urge to run to you and throw myself at you, wrap myself around you, and not let go.
We reached Las Ramblas n while strolling, my sis (the 2 kids' mum) broke down, I guess it was just too much for her. She spent thousands of ringgit for the trip n unable to enjoy herself, the kids being kids whined and cried and she had to follow their schedule n I guess being harassed she couldn't be nice to us other adults n I couldn't take that sort of crap n we had a row the night before. Anyway after a while she calmed down and started to enjoy the place.
In a 2011 study, Nelson and colleagues found shorter telomeres in Romanian children who had spent more time in institutions, compared with children sent to foster care.http://www.usatoday.com/news/health/story/2012-04-24/violence-cellular-mark/54493338/1?csp=34news
So, Cata began with Blizzard trying to give “missing” tools to other healers — AOE to paladins, single target strength to holy priests, etc — and ended up with some very lopsided results.
Donald Driver puts on a great performance. There is a little stumble but he survives and gets great compliments from Len, who advises Peta to get Donald to do more because he’s capable. I could also kiss Len for saying to Bruno, “You’re getting on my nerves already.” It needed to be said. Like on Season 1.
lighting the fresh plum blossoms,
For Startup Weekend Madison, leaders from UW-Madison, Madison Area Technical College, Edgewood College, Capital Entrepreneurs and Sector67 organized the event.
Early in the twelfth century Heaton and Jesmond are described as part of the Barony of Ellingham granted by Henry I to Nicholas de Grenville. The Barony then passed through a number of families, and in the 17th century Henry Babington purchased the estate of Heaton and Jesmond and he was knighted at Heaton Hall on 1st May 1617 by King James.
Despite some unbridled animus, this disconnectedness has granted me genuinely Romantic perspectives. I write about the sublime agony part of interpersonal Romance where secret endeavors are frustrated and desires are forever unfulfilled. The fact is I am not a terrible person – people simply do not want to see what I look at or go the places I’m drawn. You will, you all will eventually. The plans I have include 10% of this world’s population reading me. Even dead, at 10% I’ll be alive and in the consciousness of mankind. That’s how our religions got started and I have the equivalent aspirations of the Beatles (I’m aware of my grandiosity too).
Step 5: Avoid unpacking, Swiffering, Pledging, or doing anything else you are supposed to be doing. Stare into the middle distance. Steam an artichoke and eat it with an unconscionable amount of mayonnaise. Come to around three in the afternoon, and notice that life has provided you with a large north-facing window and yet another cloudy Seattle afternoon - in other words, your favorite situation for picture-taking. Get out some radishes, and have your way with them.
Favorite flower? Yellow rose
I don't need to see those bikini-clad gapers.
to the Whirlwind Selector turning
So don't stuff it up
Airlines that are not competitive, bogged down with cumbersome work rules, old aircraft, high operations cost as well as having quite regular unions
They were reasonable priced so I got 18 of them when I saw another ones that were prettier and two for the price of the ones I already had in the shopping cart.
in silence
To quote Aldous Huxley, “…far from being irrelevant, our metaphysical beliefs are the finally determining factor in our actions.” For those of us who believe that we live in a universe where god is manifest and where the rule of law reigns supreme, we believe that the sustainability of human practices matters. However, for the significant numbers of us who live in a universe that we believe is the incarnation of the will of an omnipotent and omnipresent God, there simply isn’t any compelling reason to concern oneself with issues of human impact.
Meanwhile, there's still room for a few guest posts. Share your favorite winter tradition or holiday. All the details are here!
The Heartland conferences have been too big for the media to ignore completely, though coverage has been spare and grudging. The conferences are also a morale booster for skeptics, who tend to be isolated and relentlessly assailed in their scattered outposts. It is worth adding that Heartland has always extended invitations to the leading “mainstream” figures to speak or debate at the conference, including Al Gore, NASA’s James Hansen, and senior officials from the U.N.’s Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change. (Heartland typically receives no response from such figures.)
Im gonna leave you to your Tuesday with a plea.
In roughly the same amount of time, small arms fire began to rain down from the hillsides surrounding the four vehicles.
Join me today over at With a Meek Heart where I'm discussing the reasons as to why I can't work in Ireland. It makes about as much sense as their lottery odds.
Front 242 Funkaddhafi B
8. I absolutely adore Scooby Doo cartoons, old and new. Hubby thinks it's funny until I point to our growing collection of Disney movies that are all his.
I think I stitched the skirt too deep right at center front too, because I lost my "V" point. Whoops. I didn't notice until I put it on this morning. Oh well!
27. Skin to skin (02:48)
University.
This case will surely have far-reaching repercussions, especially now that it is already pending in the Supreme Court. If the high court grants Arroyo her prayer, then it will effectively render DOJ’s Circular 41 as powerless, and maybe even unconstitutional. This also means that all bucks will stop on the high court once Arroyo indeed refuses to return to the country to face the charges against her.
I hope you've all had a good week, wherever you are.
When hiring a system administrator, recognize the position of trust that administrators occupy, and only hire people who warrant that trust. Call his references, and ask them about his previous work record, especially with regard to any security incidents at previous employers. If appropriate for your organization, you may also consider taking a step that banks and other security-conscious companies do, and require that your administrators pass a complete background check at hiring time, and at periodic intervals afterward. Whatever criteria you select, apply them across the board. Don’t give anyone administrative privileges on your network unless they’ve been vetted – and this includes temporary employees and contractors, too.
They lived seperate lives, but their paths crossed on occasions
In any case, it's impossible for me to handicap this one. My guess is that Benjamin Button will prove too weird, and they'll go with something more conventional, like The Reader or Revolutionary Road, but Slumdog has been firing up the critical press . . . the only sure thing I think I can say here is that Frost/Nixon is the longshot. Oh, and no Milk? Surprising.
Green cardamom-3
Sleep...*sigh*
Ok, Universe. So here I am, going on about how I should try to be nicer to people – so you send me someone – a lonely, friendless person – to be nice to, and AM I nice to her?? Not very.
I also added a skull-and-chain combo to the reactor on the back of the model. I didn’t use any dragon heads as muzzles for the exhaust pipes this time around, since that would probably have looked a little silly with four pipes in place. As a final touch, I used a leftover skeleton head as a head for the Dread pilot. I made sure to use a head that looked properly damaged and disfigured. I like the idea that you’ll be able to take of the larger skull mask to look at the Marine’s “true” face underneath.
Stop looking at that flesh and look at upon Christ’s feet. Do you see the nail holes? Fill them with all your cares and worries NOW! People always say “Lord give me strength.” I say, Lord give me peace of mind. Because when your mind is not at rest then we become a complete mess.
Oh but you, you really don't mind
I have another card to show you this morning that I worked on this week. This rose stamp is from Flourishes' "A Year in Flowers 2" Set. I bought the entire set of stamps to make calendars for next year. I love to color flowers, and these make beautiful calendars or can be used alone like this on a card or project.
1 – This is BOOOOR-ing!
3) Dentists. They are stupid. See previous posts.
What’s nice about these is that while they are pub food, they are fancy pub food. And I’m sure the rest of the menu is delicious (well I know the fries are), but I thought you should know about these piggies.
2011-11-28 20:30
Anonymous Commenter Says: the entire adult world is geared around being on time. I cant give excuses for being late at work, why should school be different? Surely an occassional instance of getting stuck in traffic is not going to scar a kid who shows up late, but isnt part of the point of school to prepare kids for the real world?My Response: I'm assuming most adults are not driven to work by their mothers. If an adult is late for work, he can take responsibility for it. He can take measures to make sure it does not happen again. Children don't have much of a choice as to when they arrive at school. Regularly punishing kids for parents being late must be confusing for a child.
I'm sorry it's been a little while since my last post. My husband was out of town last week, making it a much more busy week.
Thank you to all of my bloggy friends for telling me about this sharpener and thank you to Troy for creating such a "magical" product! :)
Steven Lawrence Glick, 42, Greenwich, Conn.
The cogito isn’t a mere thought or an idea, it is an ego-eating virus that, properly incubated and nurtured, will eventually devour all illusion. Once we know the cogito, we can begin systematically unknowing everything we think we know, and unraveling the self we think we are.
But after the circus left town ( Palin, Bachmann, Perry, Trump, Cain), all that was left was Romney. Someone ‘Real’ Conservatives really don’t like all that much.
in perishable forms.
Now that you have taken a look at that one, I am going to share another one by Naomi Shihab Nye. Actually this is a favorite poem of mine. I decided to share it second rather than first. It is "The Art of Disappearing" also from Words Under the Words.
Unfortunately the Labour party are incapable of thinking up anything else and so democracy will essentially be a choice between party A (Blue, policy is to make people poor quickly and get it over with. Not sure if the economy will recover after but we jolly well hope so.), party B (Red, gradual poverty because we don’t want to look like we aren’t accepting fault, but we have no idea what to do after that.) and party C (Yellow, no policy. On anything.). The government and the opposition chose austerity measures because they believed that the “Markets” would dive if they did anything else. We have done austerity for 2 years and all the markets have done in response is close companies and give ever increasing bonuses to the already insanely wealthy.
I’ve been fighting off a cold and a bad mood all week, so I stayed in on a Friday night to have some me-time and to watch the Mariners play the Blue Jays. We won. That’s the gist of it. But something more. Even at the top of the 9th when we were beginning our two-run deficit comeback with a Michael Saunders’ (not even one of our star players) homerun, I thought, “We still might lose this, but this is actually an exciting game.”
Accelerate: R.E.M- By no means my favorite album by them, Accelerate is their penultimate album, and the album I saw them on tour in support of. And considering that was their final tour as a band, this album will hold a special place with me for that reason. My favorite song on it is most likely Supernatural Superserious http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_We6ubpUHZs&ob=av2e
We have scary experiences. Maybe you were chased and bitten by a dog. Maybe your father hit you. Maybe you accidentally found yourself locked in a closet or container and couldn't get out. These things are frightening, more so the first time. They come out of the blue and we have no experience to draw on to know how to deal with them.
Karl: you lost in 1976
Coffee on rails
I have an image for all and a custom digi today. Hope you like them.
Here are some of the public statements of Ben Bernanke:
Hence, in all these cases where the greenish colour is characteristic of the beer, the conditions are such as to favour the utilisation of the tannin of the hops, and to restrict that of the bitter and flavouring principles. It therefore follows that the same effect ought to be obtainable by the artificial addition of tannin to a wort treated with a more moderate proportion of hops. This is in fact the case as regards colour, but the artificial addition of tannin causes disturbances in the albuminoids which serve as yeast nutrients, and the fermentation is not satisfactory."
“How many more of these ‘resets' will this pillar of modern political correctness be able to withstand, with the assertion that terrorism has no nationality, nor religious affiliation?” asked Bovt. Good question!
No pandas in the large panda habitat. 1 panda inside white cubicle facing the wall. No face, no paws, just panda butt. After several minutes I could not discern the panda breathing-due either to the thickness of its' coat or perhaps it was dead. I walk past Panda Mart, Panda Market, Panda Store to arrive at Panda Plaza where I check out the menu of Panda Grill to see if there is Panda on the menu. No
For so much of my relationship with my dad, I have moved to that awful place of indifference. I love him though, I really do, and the ways I miss him sneak up on me when I watch fathers and daughters laugh and dance. I felt twinges of sadness yesterday as I caught him up on my life.
Buy cranberry and mince pies
I had a breakfast smoothie, with a medium banana, almond milk, coffee, and a little sugar free hershey’s… I also had a huge glass of water nearby trying to hydrate!
Whirlpool-Cascade 2#
10 Grain Of Sand
Why couldn't she leave him in peace? He had a flashback to their adolescent years, and within that flashback, had another flashback to when he perhaps, accidentally, did not try terribly hard to rescue her from drowning in the bathtub when she was a baby. But here she was, and it had been regrets and unpredictable bouts of rage ever since.
Let’s take a step back and look at the pros and cons:
walks. The sound of the waves crashing against doubts and fears. The smell of
Perhaps you'd like to know why I make my own laundry soap? It's simple: I'm cheap. I hated spending so much on something that is used up so quickly. And I couldn't buy the huge container of Tide at Costco because it gives Nick a rash. So I was stuck buying the tiny bottles of dye-and-scent-free soap at the grocery store. As an extra bonus, a glass jar of white powder soap looks much better than a bottle of commercial liquid. I've always hated commercial powder laundry soap (the smell and the feel).
Before there was a plastic playhouse, a raised bed, a wine barrel planter and there was several inches of pea gravel that had to be moved. In a couple of weeks we will hopefully start and finish building the coop during the kids spring break.
Did I mention I want to make over our basement for as close to free as possible? In the process of freshening up our stairwell to the basement (I know, I'm taking forever), I painted our tired, dated railing - plus the accompanying hardware - with a tiny amount of paint for a brand new look! I happened to score a quart of a mis-tinted paint (a charcoal, almost black hue) for only $5.00 and I have so many more projects to paint with it. This makeover, using a fraction of the paint, worked out to be about a dollar.
“There I was on a July Morning, listening to some General talking, with the strength of a new day dawning, at the sound of the first bird singing, I was leaving for home, with the storm and the night behind me, and a road of my own.”
And the city is dizzy with longing.
Mary Kay Pink Luster Lip Gloss
I found this description of the hidden curriculum in a book called Sociology of Education: An Introductory View From Canada that we picked up a while ago secondhand (I posted briefly about it when I first discovered the passage):
This one pours a hazy yellow with a fizzy white head that fades fairly quickly. Throws off a ton of floral hops and that weird, chemical smelling yeast that I don't like. But, of course, it's supposed to be like that.
As most of you know, my dear little wife is highly skilled in the Dark Psychological Arts of the Ninja. What does this mean exactly? It means she can manipulate and torment simple-minded idiot goofballs like myself without so much as breaking a psychological sweat.
We’d probably have lower teen suicide rates.
And it's beautifully designed and decorated, which makes it easier to handle the long and complicated story in the kind of book that used to be described as "picaresque". Mouse is the grandchild of Epsilon Epton, an aged and rich man. But the intervening generation - Mouse's parents - has been wiped out in a shipwreck and his Uncle Scrope is casting evil looks at his vulnerable baby nephew, the rightful heir to the Epton fortune.
I’m not always going to meet with approval as I am myself, and frankly, I don’t expect to be. I figure the road is going to be rocky one and I’m going to take a few hits here and there along the way, but that’s okay with me, really. I’m brave enough now. I’m strong enough to withstand the storm of others and their closed minds. I can deal with it. Can you?
The gearbox case design is not the shrunken design we saw with Williams in 2011 , the differential is low but not unduly so. The top of the case sitting neatly under the tail funnel. Pull rod suspension remains at the rear of the car, while conventional pushrod is on the front end. Lowe commented that the Lotus brake antidive system was not specifically looked at, but was part ”of a family of solutions” that has been looked at in the past. The engineers feeling that the Lotus system was illegal and hence had not been explored further. They declined to comment of the possibility of an interlinked suspension system.
Strange that I let myself go on an overeating spree.
According to him if those youth involved in the recent violence were employed it would have been difficult for them to be swayed by some politicians to cause trouble during elections.
In this verse also the word bhajanti is used. Therefore, bhajanti is applicable to the Supreme Lord only, whereas the word “worship” can be applied to demigods or to any other common living entity. The word avajānanti, used in this verse of Śrīmad-Bhāgavatam, is also found in the Bhagavad-gītā: avajānanti māṁ mūḍhāḥ: “Only the fools and rascals deride the Supreme Personality of Godhead Lord Kṛṣṇa.” Such fools take it upon themselves to write commentaries on the Bhagavad-gītā without an attitude of service to the Lord. Consequently they cannot properly distinguish between the word bhajanti and the word “worship.”
School day breakfasts are tough. As a child I used to mix my own glass of chocolate milk with Nestle Quick and off I'd go. I've never liked cereal. That made sleepovers difficult because my friends' parents always wanted me to eat cereal. Or worse, hot cereal. There's nothing worse than porridge for breakfast. So I'm somewhat sympathetic to my girls who suffer from the same school day breakfast aversion I do.
Some of the officers were also allegedly involved in corruption, defeating the ends of justice and contravening the Counterfeit Goods Act.
She could have been doling it out to her girlfriends and framing him for a crime or paternity suit.
Then she asked a question, which gave birth to a new detail in her “field.” She asked about her family, her husband and children as we go thru this intense time of ascended living. The moment I had seen her oldest son (who is 12) I suddenly seen the bluest of skies just above her head (reminding me of the overlapping details from the beginning of April.) As I shifted my vision over her head I could see the most amazing circle of energy emerge as if it was watery ripples within that circle of energy no wider than her wispy vortex.
However I am certain that this will not be the last story of its sort. Birds have told me that an edict has gone out from the coalition headquarters to friendly editors that UKIP must be hit hard. So I expect that in the next couple of weeks we will see a few more stories like this, dredged up, polished and presented to the public.
Here I will insert my biggest rational fear. I fear spiders, I fear snakes, and I fear other things, but those are all irrational fears. However, I find this fear perfectly rational. I fear going blind. I got my first pair of glasses in first grade. I realize that children are getting glasses earlier and earlier these days, but in my childhood you didn’t see four-year olds wearing glasses. I still remember what it felt like to leave the eye doctor’s, look outside and see the world. Who knew that you could see leaves on trees? My eyesight continually got worse, and I got new glasses every six months. I remember loving life every time I left with new glasses. Reading every sign in sight because for the first time in a long time I could. The first time I watched Forget Paris, I wondered if I had been as obnoxious as the father-in-law. Finally in third grade I got contacts to try to stop my eyes from changing. But my eyes continued to get worse. I will say with joy that I have had the same prescription for at least the last 6 years. But before getting to that point I’ve had many times at the doctor’s office being told that if my eyes got too much worse I’d have problems correcting them, fortunately technology always stayed ahead of my eyesight. I was told I wouldn’t be able to get proper correction for glasses because the lenses would be too thick, but new technology changed the way lenses are made and I’ve never been stuck with Coke bottle lenses. I do have to stick with smaller frames because the distortion at the edges would be too much for larger frames, but current fashions favor smaller frames. I’ve always been at the cut off for the contact lenses I’ve needed. When the strongest they made was a minus eight, that was my prescription, and by the time I needed to upgrade that prescription was available. Yet, for a long time I seemed to me that my ability to have eyesight corrected to 20/20 was limited. Someday I would have to give up life as a person who could read the signs. And with that I would give up my current level of independence. Even now that my eyes have stopped changing, I have great appreciation for the ability to see. So an eye problem had to be dealt with immediately.
I want you to be happy. I want you to see the world for all it can be. I want you to find the things you love to do and do them as much as you want. I want you to develop your own definition of success, and then pursue it like a dog on a bone. I want you to know that I will support and love you, even if you're down. And I have only one real expectation and hope - that you believe what I just said, and that you call bullshit on me when I deviate.Now, those are expectations that I – and they – can live with.
Either of those prompts could have been taken a dozen different ways. And with only a hundred words to bring the prompt to life, I had to choose each word for sound, for meaning, and for rhythm.
Order, and left Brendan behind too. He (and his family) had decided – largely because of his sickly nature, it was said (though I believe that the worries of his parents concerning his ability to live an autonomous life as a student away from home also played a large role) – that he would study by correspondence at the British Open University. I was sure I’d seen the last of him and forgot him pretty quickly.
1 gesture
Level 25: Mastery: +68%, Weapon ATT: +25, Minimum Critical Damage: +13%.
We may not have Hogsmeade or broomsticks (although the ongoing News of the World scandal suggests there might be a few Voldemorts and bumbling authorities around), but there is a place I sometimes visit that bears more than a passing resemblance to that mythical train platform (and even better, it is accessible by train too!)
Next, get moving!! You can start slow by getting those walking shoes on (don’t let your dog near them) and do a brisk walk every day for 30 minutes. According to the A.C. Nielsen Co., the average American watches more than 4 hours of TV each day (or 28 hours/week, or 2 months of nonstop TV-watching per year). In a 65-year life, that person will have spent 9 years glued to the tube. WOW!! Just think what you could accomplish with all of that time. So don’t use the excuse of no time! Turn the TV off and move it or lose it! If you have soft tissues injuries, I do deep tissue massage and Trigger Point Therapy training to ease your pain. I’m not going to let you off that easily! I’m a tough nut, I will combat every excuse. Take control of your health, do it for you and do it now!
In many spiritual circles, everybody likes to talk about intuition. “Follow your heart,” “Listen to your inner guide,” teachers tell us. But I always get a little nervous when I hear that kind of advice because it all depends on who you’re talking to. To take a very extreme example, if you told a fundamentalist terrorist to follow his or her heart, we all know where that would lead.
Now that you all have that song stuck in your head I can talk about what I really want to talk about in this post, Kony 2012. Last weekend was April 20th which was a big night for Invisible Children followers and all those who are involved in Kony 2012. For those of you who don’t know what Kony 2012 is, please follow this link. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y4MnpzG5Sqc
I now sit here every night and am truly in awe that we made it through all that we did. I love him so much and miss him when he is not around. I like the feeling of being in love but even more I love knowing that I love him back.
"True," say the young children, "it may happen
Amy works to adapt to life aboard Godspeed, while working to unlock the hidden secrets of the ship before all the people in the frozen chambers are murdered. Enlisting the help of Elder, the future leader of the ship, works alongside Amy, to help her discover who the potential murderer and what Eldest is really hiding from both Elder and those who live on the ship.
Grant Lee Buffalo Fuzzy US
1 dismissed
* interprets European Union law at the request of the national courts and tribunals.
It doesn’t require that we have much in common. It doesn’t require a lack of circumstantial challenges. It doesn’t require the same lifestyle or zip code or philosophy. When this kind of a connection finds us (and we don’t find it, it finds us) it just requires acceptance, and an open place inside our hearts.
One thing I never expected, when I set up Bertram’s Blog, is how much I like writing and publishing my articles. I feel safe here, away from the ratings rampage of other sites, and it gives me the freedom to say what I want. I don’t write about controversial topics, so I don’t have the viewers that other blogs do, but still, the last couple of months I’ve been getting almost a hundred hits a day. Not bad for someone who didn’t even know what blogging was a year ago.
Eight years after showcasing Bollywood’s wonder in Singapore, the International Indian Film Academy (IIFA) is heading back to the City of Lions for its annual weekend and awards, to be held June 7-9.
I am a piano and the
"When are you going to tell her?"
At the count of a hundred, the wolf silently moved to the edge of the house, stuck his head around the corner, spotted Hannah, and howled with glee. He easily beat her back to the tree trunk.
The darling little Donkey Boys are now 11 months old and full of vim and vigor. They hit the 10 month mark and decided they hated to be next to each other, and really hated to be apart. Very sad to hear donkeys cry.
Side note – For those whose writers of blogs that normally I comment on – in recent weeks time has been an issue so I have been reading your post but only on occasion commenting. Just wanted you to be aware that I am still reading your great content!.
A new year though brings with it a new outlook and I decided to give that first ms another look.
Fats Domino: Before I Grow Too Old
We all try to think ahead and make a road-map for our lives. I am here to tell you that God has declared in his word that He already has plans for your life.
The main tip is to shoot in manual, setting the exposure to at least 1/350 seconds.
Marie Otero I laboured over this question a lot and also asked my husband how he would describe my style...he was kind enough NOT to say ' you are all over the place dear', though at times that is the truth. I like to experiment with different styles of art so I guess on one hand there is the "Romantic Realist" and on the other the "Contemporary Surrealist"
comics to look at on our drive to church. During the drive, he asked; "Is this the one I should recognize?"
- grab my button
Just don’t try to tell that to 3 and 5 year olds…
A piece of glass popped up and cut my ankle.
The measures are taken as contingency for possible attack by Iran on US troops or blocking of the Strait of Hormuz, the vital oil transit route, the US says.
In this passage I believe it is safe to say that hailstones are an instrument of judgment from God. Now let’s take a look at three additional passages throughout the scriptures to help us prove this point.
The tenor of the current debate frightens me, as it heralds a return to another age when women were not the trustees of decisions made about their own bodies. What I hope for other women is that they have the power to make their own decisions with as much information as it is possible to have, with respect to the specificity and complexity of their own circumstances, according to their own minds and hearts and not the dictates of another person’s worldview. Santorum believes that all life is inherently valuable, no matter how compromised or of what limited quality; that is one view. I believe that we need a more nuanced discussion about what quality of life is, and that it should be a woman's right to choose to terminate a pregnancy when the path of her child’s life is as compromised—and as terrible—as my son’s. Rapp would like, I would like, a more nuanced discussion about what quality of life is, but I'm not sure we can have that at this political moment in this country. I feel that I am on the side of my fellow women when we argue for our rights to make reproductive decisions, to have access to birth control, by god, to hold jobs. But I don't know if these same women are on my side when I say my son has a right to an education, to healthcare, to a decent quality of life. Because all of those things are extremely expensive. And we Americans take capitalism very seriously, allowing the concept of value to seep into discussions about human beings. Once "value" poisons the well, my child doesn't stand a chance--it's too easy for Americans to conflate quality of life with whether a life is worth living or which lives have more value. We can't have a nuanced discussion until we can separate those concepts.
The Lord initiated the Sabbath. The fourth commandment tells us that we are to take one day to rest each week. Following the lead of our Jewish brethren, we use this day to honor the resurrection and it is the Christian day of worship.
A rare lapse in midfield by Barcelona gifted the ball to Lampard, who has apparently silenced all of his critics by pumping a ball up to Ramires, who in my humble opinion made the goal with his control and assist. That was it, the big unexpected flurry from the under-dog and in one attempt managed to get through the Champ’s guard and land one right on the button.
Q10: Apathy about council elections. People are fed up with the big political parties – come down to a local level. How far do you dare to be different? What ‘blue sky’ thing would you do if you could?
We don't really look like the same person and horse. We are both healthy fit and have worked SO incredibly hard on our training to get where we are. It was countless hours studying, reading and learning anywhere I could. It took countless hours in the saddle working, making mistakes, fixing them and working some more. It was restraint to loose weight, determination to not quit. A horse that is hard working, athletic and has an incredible amount of heart. I feel priviledged just to have had him be a part of this journey with me. He didn't come to me ready to please me but once I proved to him that he could trust me he gave me every ounce of his heart. He will do anything I ask of him and doesn't second guess me (well unless I am second guessing myself, he knows it). I just don't know many people that would have taken a chance on a horse with so many strikes against him but he sure has taught me that heart can make up for 90% of those 'strikes'. So here we are two years later and it just seems the right time. We have officially entered our first Horse Trial ever for either of us. I went last year as a volunteer and watching horse after beautiful, healthy, fit horse go I just kept thinking, "I want to do this one day". At that moment I never dreamed that day would have come so soon for us but here we are. May 31st we depart for a weekend at Hoosier Horse Park competing in our first Horse Trial!
But even prior to 1975, evidence existed at Kilnacrott Abbey, where Smyth was based, that would have justified much earlier and more sustained action by the diocese where he was concerned. As reported by the UTV Counterpoint, Suffer the Children programme in September 1994, and repeated by Kilnacrott abbot Fr Gerard Cusack yesterday, there had long been awareness there of Smyth’s paedophile activities.
To recapitulate, then, Hume may be summarized as analysing the notion of cause into the two notions of temporal priority and necessary connection. Contiguity, too, he detects to be in some sense a feature of cause. Although apparently willing to grant that we have a notion of necessary connection, he is unwilling to grant that there is a necessary connection between an effect and its cause. On this view, then, it is sufficient grounds to say X is the cause of Y if X always precedes Y and if X and Y are, in some sense, contiguous. A notion of necessary connection between X and Y is, on the other hand, just a little something we add on when speaking or thinking of the conjunction.
We had a fantastic day with our family today. Our boys got to play with their 7 cousins (on the hubby's side), and had such an amazing time they were more than ready to go to bed tonight!
My daughter called with good news. Tuesday, the judge gave her immediate temporary full custody of Faith. Until they have a formal hearing. Which the father said he's not going to even show up for. That will bite him in the butt someday. Nicole said, Duane and I can Faith for the summer.
The third stage will be to hook up the Portal to other University systems so that these can be accessed directly from within the Portal without people having to remember where to go.
It is also interesting that Mr Whyte was declared to be “irrelevant” or “not an impediment”. Now the bids have to deal with buying his shares!
I really am going to do my best. - I miss all of my bloggy friends. :-(
I look forward to the pictures and the stories that he will share when he returns.
That evening, Sinclair watched the video recording in the camera. It was rather short, less than four minutes long. It began from the base of the hole, spent a minute or so panning close-ups along the stone jaguar heads, then went into the next room. On the tape, Pete could be heard to laugh, as the flashlight and camera light revealed that a wild turkey had gotten into the second room and was staring up at the camera light rather indignantly.
Kay: unemployed people don’t think
Me: Yea it is! It is in the I-got-married-and-now-what rulebook. It defines the rules that Husbands have to perform in order to keep their cute wifeys!
You must do some very careful research when examining this digital camera, from the spec information from the manufacturer to people’s reviews on popular online retailers. Make sure you read carefully and have a good idea of what type of product you would like to purchase. You still will not know until you use the digital camera yourself, if it will fulfill your requirements. On paper, this may seem like the best camera for using outside and underwater. But some of the reviewers say they weren’t too pleased with the reality of the digital camera. The photos and videos are great for an outdoor digital camera, that is merely a small point and shoot digital camera. But it lacks a few features that would make it the perfect outdoor digital camera.
of Teacher Appreciation Week!
Flowers seem more vivid, more fragrant
the countdown begins.
10And they that dwell upon the earth shall rejoice over them, and make merry, and shall send gifts one to another; because these two prophets tormented them that dwelt on the earth.
In a democracy the monarchy is more representative of the people and do not defend vested interests of any party. And beyond that they are expected to espouse exemplary character in them, stay away from lavishness in their lifestyle and should not be belligerent or violent towards their subjects. Excessive luxuriousness of the monarchy would not portend well in a country where there are still many who are underprivileged and living in poverty.
Now we find that same guy saying all the jobs that were lost are gone forever. How’s that for the stimulus working beyond your wildest dreams?
Before she could respond he walked over to the house and peered into the window. The view inside was dominated by a large decorated tree. His eyes widened as he was overcome with a sudden epiphany. He turned his head and called over his shoulder, "Scully. Here's all the proof we need."
schedule to help us present our Hello Kitty cupcakes!
I get home and there is a kid riding a bike in the cul-de -sac. I take Java out and she had no problems with the kid on the bike. I click and treat as she looks at the bike. I have the kid ride circles around us. Still she is calm. So she must be reacting to Guiness.
As I never tire of saying, Fusco's pictures are to me the greatest series in American photography, so it's interesting that the film doesn't see things from a photographic perspective. But that's its strength. It simply tells a deeply moving, sometimes shocking, and improbably nostalgic story. It's a worthy companion to Fusco's masterwork and should not be missed.
Because you can participate in the course without having to be physically present in a classroom setup, you can save a lot on the expenses related to traveling to the college or university that you will be applying for.
You win some. You lose some. That’s the bookselling game. The object is to win more than you lose, and I aim to keep doing just that.
I shared the one I had made... a girl version a few weeks ago
2045.E-IX/24/1992. On better and worse reasons for avoiding military service. Chicago Tribune, Perspective, September 24, 1992, p. 26. See Tampa Times, September 19, 1992. See, also, Item E-XI/1/2000, below.
No words can comfort me
Cameron really is trying to give us a story here, and he’s trying to offer social commentary, and he’s trying to have a real environmental consciousness, and he’s trying – whether it’s the conflict between industry and environment, or the conflict between two different cultures – to suggest that we can still move forward as we hold onto who we are.
Anyway, since watching violence on screen is not my thing, I wasn’t at all sure I could handle Castle. However, after having watched most of the first (brief) season: I love it.
Landlord is back. Sparkle greets him at front door.
I came across a blog today by a man named Dave Hunter, named simply "Thoughts Aloud". He wrote a post titled "Support and Defend", alluding to the oath he took back during the Vietnam Era when he joined the Army - just as I took back then, when I joined the Navy - to support and defend the Constitution of the United States of America. It contains a superbly written explanation of the difference between the representative republic we started out as being when our country was first formed after gaining our independence from England and the democracy that we have been "Hope-a-doped" and Changed into during the last 150 years of our history. Here is the pertinent section:
Because all of that, all of the above, is untrue.
Pippa Middleton is the highest ranking royal at number 1 but despite creeping up seven places since 2011, her sister, Kate Middleton aka The Duchess of Cambridge could only manage 32nd place.
This is what I wish for my country and for all countries. I have faith in the good of this world, that it will triumph through adversity, and that we will someday be able to put our differences aside and share this beautiful world we live in together in peace.
I can honestly admit that most people don’t say, “Kristin, you’re so cool!” It just doesn’t happen.
And now, here are the rules I must share with you. If you get nominated, do the following:
Community leaders in north Tulsa and a representative of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People said Friday that it seemed as though the shootings were racially-motivated.
And yet they also say that the first person you meet when you travel abroad is yourself. We read and write historical fiction to experience our own time and our own selves from another angle and sometimes a more revealing one: to find out the constants in human nature, as well as the variables. When Rose Tremain wanted to write about Eighties Britain, she wrote Restoration, about the court of Charles II. When I wanted to conjure up the last, pre-digital generation of photojournalists, for The Mathematics of Love, I shared their story with the first stirrings of photography 150 years earlier. And it's because of this dual nature of historical fiction - the way that, like history-writing, it embodies Now, as well as Then - that I want to suggest that the ultimate kind of novel is the historical novel.
(b) water quality management;
Need You Now
The exact same spot we see in the video from 13 hours ago — near Nashville Tennessee — only now, instead of a FLASH on the RADAR — we’re seeing real life possible tornadoes develop.
It is a tough market out there but publishers are always looking for talent and so if you think your story is strong enough and you have made it as good as you can possibly make it – then submit it.
I'm hoping to make this a weekly thing, featuring fabulous designers and crafters that I find on Etsy, so stay tuned each Friday for wonderful finds. Hope you all have an amazing weekend!
In this movie Rocky pops the question to his beloved Adrian on a winter day at the Philadelphia Zoo, and miraculously without the word “Yo”. And of course her answer is equally simple.
The son of man: This title was coined by Jesus, not only from Dan 7:13 but from the use of the term as “human being” and “someone”, an indirect way of saying “myself”. It was His chosen substitute for “messiah/christ”, which was so laden with misunderstanding. (France)
The DT members may have changed but our aims remain the same - to inspire and challenge you (and ourselves) to make cards, no matter what your style and no matter what your experience is. We remain open to all, have no allegiance to any company and we actively encourage as much variety as possible - we definitely do not judge one card above another so when we offer prizes winners are always chosen at random.
Does your church long to reach out more effectively to its local community? How about welcoming a Latin American to work alongside you, bringing inspiration, expertise and a fresh approach?
appears to have crested, and is facing a sharp reduction in
OXSMY Blog (oxsmyblog.wordpress.com) is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC and Amazon EU Associates Programmes designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com, amazon.ca, amazon.co.uk, amazon.de, amazon.fr, amazon.it and amazon.es. Certain content that appears on this website comes from Amazon Services LLC and/or Amazon EU. This content is provided “as is” and is subject to change or removal at any time.
So I have talked a little bit about the story HERE… but this is where we are at so far.
Angela was nice enough to send some photos of the party - here they are!
7. TAKE A BREAK — There were honestly about two weeks out of this semester where I was just soooo overwhelmed that I could not even think straight. I needed time to myself for a while so I could keep going again, and in those two weeks I didn’t create a thing.
Application of Midamite and Fresco is slightly different. What is important for each however, is that all surfaces are thoroughly prepared beforehand, that all manufacturer’s instructions are strictly followed, and that you allow the correct drying times between coats.
A journey of the heart…to accept that, no matter what,
8. Which of your friends lives closest to you on FaceBook? No facebook for me
I grew up wishing for a fairy tale, a magical adventure...all I got was life, and it has let me down.
The struggle for existence is now revealed as fundamentally a struggle for physical energy, and the conquest of nature has made available supplies vastly exceeding what can be extracted from the unwilling bodies of draught cattle and slaves. It is not the struggle but the energy that is essential to human life. The doctrine of existence for struggle, on the other hand, is the oldest religion in the world.
5 tiny
Upper hand: Barclays CEO Bob Diamond has threatened to move the bank's headquarters to New York
The concert hall at the Syndey Opera House holds 2,700 people. This blog was viewed about 42,000 times in 2011. If it were a concert at Sydney Opera House, it would take about 16 sold-out performances for that many people to see it.
At the moment, though, my question is simply this: what authority do Readers have as those licensed to preach God's Word? Is it confined to the pulpit, or might they have the authority of the Word in their wider ministry -- even, perhaps, in giving the notices?
When i first came into gal i found a number of styles i found interesting including ulzzang, arabian style, gyaru, lolita...etc...
Grayson’s eyes darkened. “I know.”
One of the more persistent writers' myths is that Going Out Of Print Is Always Bad. Books have the shelf life of sliced bread, this bit of received non-wisdom goes; you get four or five months in the stores, and unless you sell in large numbers, you're outta there. A few months later, disgusted by your failure, your publisher will declare your book out of print, after which no one will be able to get hold of it except as a used copy. (This scenario really is a myth; even non-performing books don't go out of print as fast as that--my books sell modestly, and their average in-print life is around four years--and steady sellers can stay in print for years, even decades.) One of the supposed advantages of digital and electronic publishing is that, because there's no inventory, publishers can afford to keep books in print and available "forever."
Roll Around is a slow tempo blues based around a sliding bass riff. Starting sparse and atmospheric, the song eventually evolves into a snarling beast with a huge guitar riff and unhinged vocals. Terrific stuff.
It was only 4:30 PM, and the dialogue went something like this:
ESA is a collaboration of several countries, teams of scientists and people from different backgrounds. Now, if that is not an example of how we can work together regardless of political or national or social differences then I don’t know what is. Fair enough we’re spending one billion dollars, at least, on this mission but you know what, last year alone the USA spent about 66 billion dollars on the military. Could that 1 billion dollars have been better spent on other projects that would benefit the environment, the economy, the educational system? Even if we could come up with some other means to spend 1 billion dollars, I believe that the benefit of investing, for it is an investment more than a cost, the 1 billion dollars on this exploration will more than outweigh the benefits of spending that amount of money on any other sector alone.
An adult’s inability to separate the truth from a lie isn’t a laughing matter. Some adults are still living in the shadowland that 4 year olds pass through. It isn’t that they think King Kong will come stomping through their neighborhood – it’s a much bigger danger. When you have listened to a lie repeatedly, especially when the lie comes from your own lips, that belief becomes your reality.
Annnyway, the excitement does still outweigh the nervousness, which is a good thing, and I'm really excited to be going!
Alongside the sandy track that extends Verner Farm Road into the hinterland and becomes a line scratched in the land where other roughly cut trails, oil roads and deer paths criss-cross the chaparral, in an area dotted with oil wells and forlorn houses and where there is a half-acre fenced yard that contains several rv's, and many broken down cars and trucks (in the middle of it all, an oil well), is, right at the moment, a yerba santa bush, its blossoms, under this week's deep, grey marine layer, a startling blue.
I did not wait
Please, oh, PLEASE, do not let McCain win. Obamaobamaobama, the name is running through my head like a mantra. I recall my whereabouts in 2004, huddled around a radio with friends on the Mississippi River.
The guys in California have is pretty good. There's nothing quite like being so close to such breathtaking scenery and having sunshine on tap to make life look pretty good. I found myself fantasising about running away to the Golden Coast, wearing a permanent tan, learning to skateboard and driving an obscenely hyper-masculine 1980s car.
Employer mandate. Obamacare requires all businesses with 50 or more full-time employees to provide health coverage for their workers or pay a $2,000 penalty for each employee after the first 30 workers. The employer mandate creates incentives for businesses to avoid higher costs by, for example, hiring part-time employees instead of full-time employees, since businesses will not be penalized for failing to provide health insurance to part-time employees…Businesses can also avoid penalties by keeping the number of employees under the mandate threshold of 50, which further discourages creating new jobs.
Then says Earl Eric, “My spell is that thou shalt not live eighteen winters more.”
And my buddy in Montana thinks all I do is sit in a nice warm car all day. LOL!!! Enjoy the photos!!
On our most recent anniversary, as I’ve mentioned before, we did not do what we had set out to do every year — travel — instead we collapsed after a long and hard work week and enjoyed some drinks that were more expensive and classy than our normal poison. I bought myself a bottle of Glenlivet and her a bottle of vintage French Chardonnay. The next day instead of going out and getting plastered the way we did on our that day five years ago, we went to a book store.
It wasn't an everyday thing, on Classon Av there existed the same corner stores 30 years ago as now. The one on the corner of Prospect was most frequented by lunching hospital workers followed closely by the store on the corner of Park. Both stores' sandwiches were cheaper.
Far away from war,
Und nun noch eine kleine Ankündigung: am Mittwoch wird es einen unserer genialen Belles´n´Whistles Blog Hops geben. Und ja, Blog Hops bedeuten bei uns auch eine neue Kollektion. Ich sage nur "Snowbabes".... ;o) Also, seid mit dabei!
In late 2006, Soros bought about 2 million shares of Halliburton, Dick Cheney’s old stomping grounds. When the Democrats and Republicans held their conventions in 2000, Soros held Shadow Party conventions in the same cities, at the same time. In 2008, Soros donated $5,000,000,000 ( that’s Five Billion ) to the Democratic National Committee, DNC, to insure Obama’s win and wins for many other Alinsky trained Radical Rules Anti-American Socialist. George has been contributing a $ billion plus to the DNC since Clinton came on the scene.
Mama E told me her family's story and talked to me about how another mother's milk would be a blessing to her baby. Indeed, it already has been as other women have been sharing their milk with the family.
2 cups sliced fresh strawberries
Taking my son Jamie to school. We have four children, Edward (17), Anna (14), Amelia (11) and Jamie (nearly 7).
I have spoken several times about soaking nuts, because in my opinion, it is absolutely the best way to consume them. However, from time to time we all need a little change and roasting nuts, just lightly, not only increases their digestibility, but brings out an entirely different flavour profile that blows plain ol’ raw nuts out of the water.
Why start tomato seeds now when there's still a risk of a late frost?
- Check water level when you get your arrangement, add water as needed.
“I’m here,” Bulsara panted, “to see the lady of the house. We met yesterday and she requested some music.” He brandished Khrusostom’s lute case. “Bloody woman, why does she live so far from the town?”
Before feeding the Five Thousand (John 6:5), Jesus turned to Philip and asked him, “Where can we buy bread to feed these people?” Philip answered, “It would take more than a year’s wages to buy each of them a mouthful.”
We enjoyed
The eggplant is a keeper and the beets- well, KB likes them so I'll plant a few for her. To me they smell like dirt, feel like dirt and, regardless of the different ways I tried to cook them, taste like dirt. I just haven't grown out of my childhood dislike for them, despite their being great for your heart.
radical aspect of rock, the timbres, textures and treatments that
Why do teachers still put children through this ordeal? I would have hoped that we have progressed enough in our emotional awareness to realise that NO good comes out of this exercise. We sat at the table and invented all sorts of other ways to delegate teams without the humiliation. The kids had lots of great ideas.
–adjective
Either way, this episode’s closing scene reminds us that, although it has been forgotten, magic does still exist in Westeros. Dragons, Others, and now a shadow demon. The night is dark and full of terrors.
Then you had to pay your taxes.
Because Busy can and does bring such joy.
Then I took him outside and stamped him to death.
I have no paintings or drawings to show for this week. Nope, not a one. I did the work. Yes, I did! I just have no intention of showing them. Nope.
I am sure I am over reacting to the situation. It is a fear of the unknown that I think I should know but that I could not possibly know, you know? In other words the guy who left on leave didn’t leave me much to go on. I have a folder full of documentation that takes time to shift through for answers. Ultimately I have the vendors number, but I don’t what to cry wolf too soon.
I know, I know, I fell off the radar again. Well, lots of projects going at the same time don't tend to leave me much time for blogging. So, what am I up to you ask? Lots of things!
Moaners will say “it’s not a traditional pub, though, is it?”, to which one can only point out that the weirdly fossilised pseudo-Victorian pub interiors favoured by pub companies are very much a historical aberration. Glasgow bars have often been refurbished in modern style, as the few remaining examples of 1930s art deco bars show. One thing I do find annoying is how loud the place is. It’s hard to hear yourself talk across the wide tables when even a few other customers are in. When it’s full it’ll be deafening.
My sister’s apt is totally a budget friendly project. We are trying to repurpose everything and this latest project was one of my favorites.
“Belladonna,” I murmured. “Poison is a woman’s weapon.” Argus looked at me intrigued. “It is easy to conceal part of the plant inside of a meal and his death could be attributed to natural causes. Do you remember Socrates and the hemlock?”
It is perhaps the number one reason why I write fantasy.
1 1/2 c. semisweet chocolate chips
from that. Such a turning point in music, the whole use of
- Where is my mind
When this show aired in the 1970s, I loved it so much I mailed away for an EASTER IS...Hippie Jesus poster, which I proudly displayed on my closet door for years, until it was replaced by Lynda Carter. Amen!
I swore in a most un-Christmas night-like way while Bob shouted, "I told you so!" in feline. But the window was now open. I pulled one of the wrought iron patio chairs over to the window and climbed up on it. I carefully threaded the five-foot ladder through the window. By leaning inside, I was able to set it up on the bathroom floor.
Q: If you were born again, would you still be TVXQ? If the same opportunity were to arise?
They looked very nice in my stash and although I have attempted a number of times to use one or two from the set on various projects, I never could quite bring myself to do it. I'm rather grateful now because it meant when the rather brilliant idea of setting them on a canvas came to me, I still had the entire alphabet.
Kruger’s creative flair is evident in the food that we ate that afternoon, beautifully presented and often made up of a symphony of components that blend together to elevate the flavours of the dish. Lots of oohing and aahing going on at our table as each dish was presented to us.
Monday: Kim's Poppyseed Chicken, noodles and a veggie
I am making a point of trying to be in the moment as much as possible. Which is not always an easy thing to do. But it's like riding a roller-coaster. Be in the moment, breath, and let out a good yell every once and a while.
We will be closing at 12 noon tomorrow, and will re-open on Tuesday 3rd January, giving us both some time to re-charge our batteries. We hope you all have a great Christmas and don`t spend too much time in the kitchen unless you want to!
What to do: Putt-putt, dining, maze-navigating, shopping, metal work classes, pottery painting, candle-dipping, kids parties (book in advance) and jungle gym climbing.
Perfectaholic belief: My value equals the perfection of my creative work.
Lovely date no?
After 2 months Trayvon’s killer George Zimmerman has been arrested and is FINALLY being tried for second degree murder. We have the work of Trayvon’s mother and the rallies and petitions that went out on Trayvon’s behalf to thank for this second step towards justice. We must keep the pressure on to ensure that George Zimmerman is convicted and serves the max. Also to ensure that the police department either faces some financial sanctions or some firings over their handling of Zimmerman’s release. I believe a thorough investigation needs to be done of that police department.
"I know you remember that first visit when I told you we were going to be trying to preserve light recognition in Darcy's helper eye. If you had told me that day that in six months you were hoping for pressure under 20, without an implant, AND vision in that eye of 20/60 with corrective lenses, I would have told you that you were whistling Dixie. She's a miracle child."
Me: Oh, ok then… have a great birthday, talk to you soon. Love you.
Reality has not set in yet. I can't believe that at exactly this time next week a big truck will be parked in my driveway loading all of our stuff into a container to move away and store for a few weeks. I've come to terms with the fact that things haven't gone our way with the purchase of the Brady Bunch house and that we have to wait. I'm still cranky about it but I've accepted it.
Tonight his pen is dry.
Key Players: Isaiah Canaan (19.2 ppg), Donte Poole (14.2 ppg), Ivan Aska (10.9 ppg, 5.7 rpg), Jewuan Long (8.5 ppg), Ed Daniel (5.3 rpg)
Here's the hilariously easy steps to making your own chips:
**** WARNING : IF YOU THINK LOGGINS & MESSINA, BILLY JOEL, OR BRYAN ADAMS ARE GOOD BASIC ROCK N’ ROLL PLEASE STOP READING AND IMMEDIATELY GO ON TO THE NEXT HORSE FLY ARTICLE. ****
Many homes in the Florida Keys boast private beachfront and spectacular water views. Few, however, can lay claim to having a 360-degree beachfront, but this special private island home does.
Update: At the request of a reader, two sentences defining and describing hudud have been inserted near the top of this essay for the purposes of clarification.
Shawna Sealander made a beautiful card using Fairy Ring, only she modified it slightly here. Isn't her card stunning? I love how the image sticks out above the top of the project. She added beautiful stickles to the wings.
(See the comments for another good candidate: the new home of the Brooklyn Center for the Urban Environment, or BCUE.)
I STILL DO! I STILL DO! I STILL DO!
Meal: Appetizer
I first saw Bria at the Guatemala City airport, with her tour group. Everyone was twice her age. I remember her white-knuckling the handle of her purple suitcase, and her cheeks were all pink… I just felt really bad for her.
The other aspect of mind is of course the Past Lives that we have enjoyed (in linear time). Sorry ! That we are enjoying right now ! (in the Universal moment of Now).
The railway museum in Oswestry was closed. A sign on the door said that the trains would be back and by now it should be open, but when I was there, I had a wee look round the side and this was the best they could do.
In fact, I don't even think we'd know patience was a virtue if there wasn't a cliche declaring it one.
63. Turtle can’t walk if he nah push he head outa he shell. In life you cannot make any kind of progress if you do not take risks. Also, the first steps must be made.
Ellie was invited to a sleepover last night and so Lydia decided she would like to stay at my mum's this week, so yet again we were down to just the two boys. My mum offered to have them today so Mark picked Ellie up at 9 o'clock and dropped her off there and the boys went an hour later. Obviously I had intended to do all sorts of things while I had some child free home time, unfortunately sitting doing nothing just beckoned to me, so I decided that was the best, albeit lazy option and I enjoyed every minute of it!!!
None of what’s happened in my life over past year is particularly unusual or earth shattering – except to the people bearing the weight of it. Sharing my thoughts and feelings about it – however therapeutic it might be for me personally – felt like a breach of trust, an invasion of the privacy of the people I love most.
Although...OMG!! I had her colored, which took me forever for some reason, then I decided to add color around her and when that didn't work I cut her out. 5 FREAKIN HOURS!! WTH?!! UGH!! Anyway, I paired her up with the gorgeous Bo Bunny "Snowfall" papers and that incredible wooden star from Kaiser Craft. I also stickled her wings but if you'd like a closer look just click on the picture.
Eating!, being annoyed, watching tv, being depressed.
I want to eat = c = 261.63, a = 440, d = 293.66, g = 392
At that moment, the RocaWear merchandise truck blasting Lil’ Wayne barreled past, and quickly snapped me back into reality. Was I really having an existential crisis right now?? while talking to a ticket scalper at a Kanye West/Jay Z concert?? I must be getting my period.
In the service industry, you're nothing without your customers. So bless them for saddling up at the bar and helping me pay my rent. But sometimes, the things customers say really crack me up. To the point where I question their thinking process. I mean really, it's just a drink.
Happy Melbourne Cup!
Have you ever wanted to own a Designer Handbag but the cost was just too high? Well now you can own one at Pre-Owned Handbags 4 Less at a fraction of the original cost.
My take away, it's bright, looked clean, the burger was delicious and now all of a sudden I have to put in work to not go in a buy one daily.
The green calcite and the serpentine are charging in the sun now. Soon I’ll be medicated and meditated, and then I can get a fresh new start on the day.
Spanish Moss.
In the face of ignorance -- not disagreement, but basic lack of foundational facts -- the Matron often pulls out roadblocks like these:
“Incessant increase in oil price will definitely result to fare hikes and price increase in prime commodities. Aquino promised, ‘pwede na uli tayong mangarap’ but what the people experience under his administration are all nightmares,” Orendain said.
In the past, many people who had to struggle to get an education because of poverty, life circumstances and the like STILL managed to learn and succeed, in spite of their life condition.
The director told me not only that The People had never talked to him about this alleged re-shoot but, at that point in time, he had never actually talked to anyone at the newspaper about the film ever.
NOTE: One common problem might be that your browser has the pop-up window blocker turned on. You can find help for that problem by clicking on “Help” in the upper right of the window when the wizard starts.
As we spoke the details, a rather odd elf stepped into my conversation. He mentioned that he was looking for his mentor, a half-elf (problem number one) with grey hair (problem number two) wearing a bow and leathers (problem number three). For an elf, he was really… chipper, like he stood out in an ice box for longer than was necessary. Uncommonly for an elf, well, at least the elves that I know, he assumed I was already interested in helping him. I was unsure about the whole thing until he mentioned buying breakfast at a nearby tavern. I was sold on the idea and let Bransen finish up the shopping so I could steal this man’s money… er, eat breakfast.
If I go with the approach that I am always in the right, and my way is the best way – I will miss out on potentially better way of doing things.
Tina had told me just under 9mths ago that she was expecting again and that she wanted me at the birth of her baby no matter what, rain hail or shine, fingers crossed and all that jazz for emotional support. The only problem is we don't live anywhere near each other.
Meanwhile, just two days ago, Florida governor Rick Scott approved the creation of a brand-new public university, Florida Polytechnic University, to be located near the city of Tampa. In an unintentionally ironic statement, Gov. Scott said
There are many ways to be eccentric Miss Gaga. Howard Hughes never had to wear flesh to be considered eccentric. He grew out a beard, and peed in milk bottles. Best of all, he didn't have to preface his actions with a lame made up political statement.
- The ending. Ohhhh the ending. Where do I even begin? They ended it a little after I thought they were going to, and in the theater I thought it dragged on a little but now I get it. And I liked it. I was on the edge of my seat going, "OK now it's going to end!" every time something happened. I love that it ended with a bang and I cannot wait until next November to see the second half.
LIFE is Good has spawned a comprehensive and entertaining flurry of activity on Facebook. On somebody's conference photos somewhere, I saw a comment about "all the hippie unschoolers." Hmmm. I don't recall seeing any hippies (with the exception of a couple former hippies like Frank), so I've been puzzling over this comment ever since I saw it.
Also the risk of humiliation if their school mates hear Gary blaring out of the car at drop off "Want you back, want chu back, want chu back for good .."
Hope you all had a beautiful Easter weekend. We sure did! Stay tuned later this week for the alternate version of the Bubble Skirt! EXCITED.
Unfortunately, last week, the Party for Freedom decided to end its support for the government. As you can imagine, this was a difficult decision for us, given the many things also on the subject of islamization that we were still to achieve. Unfortunately, however, previous Dutch governments – as governments elsewhere in Europe – have signed away a significant part of our own sovereignty to the EU, the European Union, a supranational institution run by unelected and undemocratic bureaucrats.
Here are some moments of joy I've had recently.
But she did not tell me what to do when I do not have choices anymore
of rape culture, the ripples they make in the global
On September 29, I was hit by a car while walking through a parking lot.
Trust in the Lord with all your heart, and do not lean on your own understandings. -Proverbs 3:5
Here are the tasting notes:
However, these small quibbles aside, there's really not a lot more I can say to counter the WBA's opinion because this beer is quite clearly a magnificent example of what a properly fine ale can be.
The British National Party is often referred to as 'right-wing' or even 'far-right', but is this actually the case?
Searching for handmade jewelry is easy, since there is so much out there. But I wanted something beautiful and elegant, with a touch of Asian Style to it, I ran into Chenese Style. Chenese Style sales beautiful, handmade jewelry and accessories with distinctive Southeast Asia Style that's inspired by nature. They have a lovely selection of unique and colorful bracelets, necklaces, handbags, earrings, all handcrafted from a wide range of materials, like wood, fabric, stones, beads, and glass.
Think about the unicorns, the ponies and the rainbows.
40Jesus answered him, “Simon, I have something to tell you.” “Tell me, teacher,” he said. 41″Two men owed money to a certain moneylender. One owed him five hundred denarii, and the other fifty. 42Neither of them had the money to pay him back, so he canceled the debts of both. Now which of them will love him more?” 43Simon replied, “I suppose the one who had the bigger debt canceled.” “You have judged correctly,” Jesus said.
If anyone asks, “I’ve had it for years!“
Saturday 31st December - No, I didn't post the same pic twice. Yes, this is the same outfit as two days ago (including accessories), but with different shoes - see, I try to mix it up a bit!! I love these shoes - they are super comfortable, especially for high heels (shoes - Urban Soul).
Goody bags
ISLAMIC VERDICT
Matthew 5:44-45 But I say unto you, Love your enemies, bless them that curse you, do good to them that hate you, and pray for them which despitefully use you, and persecute you; That ye may be the children of your Father which is in heaven: for he maketh his sun to rise on the evil and on the good, and sendeth rain on the just and on the unjust.
Skendzel LP. Rubella immunity. Defining the level of protective antibody. Am J Clin Pathol 1996; 106: 170-174.
The 191 Umno division heads will ensure that their divisions will block any contenders to the post of the Umno Presidency and Deputy Presidency. All other aspirants will be blocked and they will receive no nominations. At best they can receive just one nomination, from their own division. They can never receive more than one, let alone 50.
The point is this: How big is grace? How much grace is too much grace? How can we be the Remedy in this world when our response to violence, hatred, and cheek slapping is nothing more than reciprocated violence, hatred and cheek slapping? I wonder if we need to change our thinking on this? The world, obviously, does not deserve our love. The world hates us. That is precisely why we must demonstrate it, because we did not deserve it either and yet that is the very thing God demonstrated to us.
Wolfe
- We did stations again this week after taking a break from them. I am absolutely loving the time that stations allow me to work with small groups of students. Previously I have been doing a small lesson with them about the topic that we are learning about, but I think I am going to move into some reading strategy groups as a review for our testing in April. My plan is to really analyze the data from our district benchmarks and then place the students into groups accordingly. Any good advice for this?
Interns work 30 hours/week doing a variety of medicinal plant conservation and cultivation projects. Interns will be expected to work 28 – 30 hours a week doing:
If you already have my books, and especially if you like them, you can help me greatly by posting reviews on amazon, especially for the first two titles above. Or, simply go to the link and click on "like." I appreciate your assistance in getting started with amazon book sales very much!
The house became a pilgrim destination for Latin American intellectuals. Neruda was with his third wife, Matilde Urrutia in 1971,when the news came from Stockholm that the Swedish Academy had granted him the Nobel Prize for Literature. The poet was the ambassador of Chile in Paris when he was diagnosed with cancer. He died at his home on Isla Negra in September 1973, only two weeks after a bloody military coup overthrew his friend Salvador Allende from the country´s Presidency.
We'll be revealing the cards and a little about our 2 guest design team members for the month tomorrow!
# Announce that you want to pee in front of the whole wide world and repeat it shamelessly every time you wanna go.
The frumious Bandersnatch!"
Victoriana (at least the way it is perceived by a modern reader)
This month our group's challenge was to make a tag that represented our favorite winter activity. I hate being cold (and I live in Alberta!) so any winter activity for me involves indoors, fireplace, hot drink, and warm cozy clothes. Although, I do like taking winter photos and I love snow at Christmas but just not the cold temperatures. We have been extremely lucky this winter, breaking records for the warmest winter, and very little snow.... until this week. It has been in the low -30's to almost -40's, that's Celsius not Fahrenheit! At least it's perfect weather for scrapbooking and my favorite winter activity, reading. I read a lot throughout the year, but it's so nice to cuddle up with a good book when it's cold and snowing outside.
Did you know that when you change out the water or rearrange the tank, a Gecko could likely come up to your hand and lick it? Sure, its just smelling your fingers that look like giant meal worms. But when Yoshi did this to me once and cocked her head to the side just so, my heart absolutely melted.
i think its going to be good for all of us!
I had a bottle of this a few months back, and I was completly enamored with it, and I had to trade for another two bottles of this beer. I am a fan of Russian River, and I've only been let down by one of their beers, and they have lived up to the hype for me personally. I love a good beer from Belgium, but I also like when an American company knocks it out of the park as well, and this beer is no excpetion for Russian River.
I walked Adam back to bed and tucked him in and assured him that his dad set the alarm by mistake. Adam seemed to think that the elf set off the alarm. Just great.
Judy frowned at me as she stood at the end of the line. ‘If you let me down, Richard, I’ll never be able to forgive you. I hate to think what Bernie would say if he saw you like this.’ She moved in closer, perhaps for ‘the kill’. ‘Listen here, lugnuts,’ she hissed, ‘you either get into that costume now or I’ll tell everybody about your letter.’
An inflatable bag filled with air. Empty. Ummm…yeah…that about sums up how I feel.
This was most definitely the most intense wet orgasm I had experienced in a long time. I think that it was partly a result of the cycle of pleasure that I was in. I think it was because she has developed incredible skill in triggering explosive orgasms from me with her hand. I think it was because my mind was totally engaged in the agonizing ecstasy that my body was experiencing. I think it was also my highly sensitive nipples responding to her loving attention.
lie, old poem, wretched rhyme
the moon adding a sportlight of protection
Purple paper for card base and inside of card are from a pack at Walmart(sorry don't remember the brand). Grass paper is from the paper studio
‘Who was that at the door?’
In better synths you get more of everything: more oscillators, more kinds of filter, more sophisticated amplifier options, lots of LFOs and envelopes and plenty of effects.
You can probably also see that the bigger the author is (i.e. Nora Roberts or Dan Brown) the less of an issue multi-books become because there is room for all with his or her avid fan base. The no-compete clause becomes a moot point of the publisher wants that author on the house list.
Max Payne has a special place amongst some of the best video games I’ve ever played. I am going to pretend that that pathetic excuse of a film adaptation starring Marky Mark never existed — got love for Mila Kunis though. I mean seriously. How the hell do you screw up Max Payne? Hollywood I tell ya. I digress. Back on track, I never got a chance to play Max Payne 2 (damn shame), but the original Max Payne was always a favorite of mine.
Bogart decided to get up while I was making my toast, and he checked on the dry food bowls. The bottom of one was visible through the kibble, which always sends him into a panic. He followed me to the refrigerator for butter and jam, winding around my legs. He tried again on my way back to the toaster, incredulous that I still wasn’t feeding him. As I pulled out the toast, he lost all patience and reached up to poke me.
Courtesy of AP
David Crowder Band ends their time together with a stellar final album and we will end our time here in Wisconsin savoring our last moments with the friends and company that have embraced us and helped us through our time here.
i am also entering my card into the following challenges:
I am not going to do a lot of environment and costume research, nor am I going to worry about how accurate the piece is to the time it was written. My focus on this project is to convey the person, their experience or emotion, and try to visually allow the viewer to rest in the person/character's shoes. I admire all of the classical paintings telling the stories of the Bible, but why mimic and copy what has already been done? I don't believe they connect as richly with the people of today, especially the younger crowd.
Um, maybe not...
-AMG
Another week passed, and those babies were perfect. I took some to school the next week, which made for a delicious (albeit sticky) addition to my lunchbox.
There will always be an array of issues that could tend to shake my peace and threaten to rob some measure of joy. But absolutely nothing is worth trading these gifts; gifts that God wants to daily give to me....nothing should take these away. I choose peace and I choose joy and I am grateful!
I did tell him though, thanks to you faithful readers, that I think we might have a new business on our hands. I even told him I would go 70/30 with him. It could be called RENT A HOSTAGE. I am FULL of great ideas!
Edmondson: That was a week, I’m afraid. A week in the vomitorium.
a gift
We also had to face delays because of the pillocks who sit in the middle lane (lane 2) causing huge tailbacks as they effectively reduce the motorway system to two lanes. They even sit in lane 3 for mile after mile near Preston where there are 4 lanes! If you are a prat who does that please tell me why because I lie awake at night trying to work it out. Just in case you are one of those but don't let me know please allow me to just say: "You're a bleeding arsehole, read the Highway Code or piss off and stop using the motorways you bloody cretin!"
5) Going through all that damned security.
- Trattoria Trecolori--chicken fettuccine alfredo & ceasar salad
Sure enough it was my address and my name, spelled correctly.
As I briefly showed in a presentation this year, pieces of the MADSEC report have often been copied without attribution, including by behaviour analysts--a practice that continues up to the present. So it seems those frequently copied, but infrequently attributed, "30 years" and "several thousand published research studies" that have "documented the effectiveness of ABA" haven't budged an iota in a decade. The MADSEC report covers papers published up to 1998; among those "several thousand published research studies," which sadly are not listed, not one single RCT of ABA-based autism interventions is cited.
Honestly, I never thought I could adore a team of coaches as much as I do. This bunch has been so encouraging, motivating, and has taught these guys so much about sportsmanship, doing their best, and working as a team. We love 'em!
Anita Mumm reads queries and sample pages and presents workshops for writers across the country on behalf of Nelson Literary Agency.
But this is a minor distraction. When the film, based on the 2004 novel These Foolish Things by Deborah Moggach, focuses on how the British retirees see India anew, it can be very interesting and funny in its own right. This is particularly the case when following the character of Graham (Tom Wilkinson), an ex-judge who lived in the country in his youth and is now quietly seeking an Indian man with whom he had a doomed affair. Heavy-lidded and paunchy, Wilkinson is perfect in his portrayal of a man oddly at peace with the country. But when Evelyn (Judi Dench) teaches a group of fawning call-center workers how to speak politely to British customers, or Muriel (Maggie Smith) transforms from an amusing racist biddy in a wheelchair to the best friend of an untouchable sweeper woman, the film relies on scenarios where foreigners get to civilize the willing natives in return for a little emotional catharsis.
I'm the planner.
So in order to break this thought process, I'm going to give you a little assignment. I want you to go to dinner sometime this week, and order nothing but healthy items. No bread basket, no deep fried mozzerella sticks, and no "death by chocolate" cake. Eat healthily and only until you're full, then pay your tab and leave. Don't rush, but don't linger. As soon as you leave, write down how you feel. Stuffed? Guilty? Disgusting? Tired? Doubtful. How about empowered? Healthy? Energetic? Probably. Try it, see what happens. Keep that list of emotions with you and the next time you meet your buddies for dinner take a look at it.
This tasted like strawberry shortcake!! The cake inside was yellow and moist, and it was covered with a yummy fresh strawberry glaze. And guess how she made it? Just cake mix (vegan-friendly, of course) and Sprite. That's it. She mixed the two together, baked it, and topped it with fresh strawberries. Amazing!!
Well as we are fast approaching the De Molen Beer festival, and with some risk that i wont be able to make it this year :-( I thought i would look back at last years Festival.
Tom Irons
I’m sure there were a few readers/viewers who were excited by the “blood lust and a love story”, but I don’t think that’s why a majority of people read the books, watched the movie and consider themselves fans. It certainly wasn’t for me. Katniss is an amazing, strong character. She is thrust into a horrifying situation and triumphs. Beyond triumphs. She doesn’t just win, she outsmarts the powers that be. And she’s a 16 year old girl. I love that. If you identified with the bloodlust of the Capital (and I believe they were the only ones who truly felt bloodlust), then something is wrong with you. As for the love story, I don’t feel it was the main focus of the first book, and even less so in the movie. I also don’t see a problem with paying to view a love story.
STEPS IN OVERCOMING MASTURBATION
Just ahead, in the middle of my stride, a cat. Dead for some time, rotten, collapsed and bloated at the same time. It's eyes open and staring right at me, the rot all too clear. The smack in the face that is death struck me in mid air. My foot would have landed on the cat, and would have resulted in something quite disgusting. My leg reached and stretched, part stride, part long jump. All the time my eyes on its. My breath held, my heart banging. I saw the eyes as large as eyes could possibly be, as close as a dead thing could possibly be. Then I landed. I landed and I toppled and I fell with a smack into the railway line. I lay there stunned for a moment. My breath rasping in my chest and my brain trying to take back charge. It took a few minutes. I still glanced now and again down the line for a train. No train came. I left that place a long time ago, I'm still looking over my shoulder for the train.
At the beginning of the month, I decided on a whim to show a few of my designs at High Point Market for the very first time.
Spotte, S., Petry, P., Zuanon, J.A.S. (2001). Experiments on the feeding behaviour of the hematophagous candiru. Environmental Biology of Fishes 60 (4): 459–464
You love knock-knock jokes
Peno however, barely makes a peep. The most we get out of her are little merps and chirps (unless Rocky is bothering her - then it's full-on, knock-down, drag-out, she-cat hissing and screaming). The only time I've ever heard an actual meow out of her is in a very odd circumstance.
My material I used to make my card:
I AM FULL OF QUESTIONS AND THOUGHTS on this topic and I could go on for ages - I'd love to hear what you all think.
I’m thinking maybe more texture, keep the colors neutral, and just more stuff in general!
Food you have grown yourself
Add the butter and sugar into a bowl, and beat on high speed until lightened in color and texture, two to three minutes. Add the salt, baking powder, and baking soda, and mix until thoroughly blended. Add the flour, and stir until the flour is incorporated and you have a sandy texture.
12/9 they part the seas, say their Hail Mary’s, their Our Fathers, and Tebow their way to Jacksonville for the homecoming of all homecomings.
Patrick Bateman: Yes, Allen?
Gail phoned the police who responded with a yawn. So, she watched, from behind a locked door. Actually, the way our doors operated, once locked you couldn’t open them if you wanted from either inside or outside without some lengthy mechanical process. That’s another story.
“To live in this world, you must be able to do three things: to love what is mortal; to hold it against your heart knowing your own life depends on it; and, when the time comes to let it go, to let it go”
But I came across a blog post (thanks to The Pulp.It) this morning that nicely articulates at least some of the reasons why I think those attending the Ordinary Form should be encouraging the priest (or deacon if present) to do the readings rather than agreeing to act as lector themselves.
On the plus side, I have TONS of material to get up here. So….I’m going to try to get a few posts up this week. I spent tonight getting everything downloaded and edited. Now….I need to formulate my posts. But, in the meantime, here’s a little quickie for my adoring fans out there.
While working for Ultra Services of Istanbul Turkey, an American contractor and former intelligence officer, Kirk von Ackermann, disappeared on an isolated road in Iraq on October 9, 2003. He remains the longest missing American in Iraq today.
On the inside the Fishtail Flag STAX Die-namics make another appearance because I really really REALLY love them!!! I cut them from three patterned papers, layered and grouped them, then simply stamped the sentiment. Seriously, you need the Fishtail Flags STAX Die-namics!!! You really do!!!
So I headed to the nearby Wegmans. After scouring the shelves, no cinnamon raisin was evident.
As they make ready to slink out of Washington, Cheney, Bush, and the rest of their duplicitous band of blunderers and criminals are burning their documents and preparing the foundations for the fantasy memoirs that their ghost writers will create for them. And in a series of pre-departure interviews they’re giving us their latest talking points on the centerpiece of their disastrous rule -- the invasion and occupation of Iraq.
However despite his pro-war effors, he uncritically supported the war effort, especially the Soviet Front, he was targetted by J Edgar Hoovers F.B.I who apparently saw him as a dangerous radical and subversive, and put it about that he was a communist.
And that’s more or less my point when talking about high definition. You don’t remember graphics and 1080p and lighting and shadows when playing these games. You remember the stories, the emotions it made you feel, the powerful moments that made you glad you played it. Same thing with movies. You don’t watch them to see smooth framerates. You watch them for the stories, the love, the loss, the triumphs and overcoming of adversity. We just need to remember this when demanding more from these mediums.
The woman showed me to my bedroom, and I walked in and plopped on the bed and sobbed most of the night. I had no idea what would happen to me. For several days, I was in deep anguish because I had been returned to my former fate. I knew the authorities had placed me in the boondocks so that I would be afraid to run away.
I‘m really surprised at how many people do not know what GMO is. I guess that’s because there’s no coverage of it in the mainstream media. It never shows up as the story of the day. Among the things that mainstream “science” and it’s phony peer-review process for drugs and other edible chemicals ignores is the human allergic response.
1.Brainburn
Sometimes my voice may be as a venerable old one, richly lined and weathered, with a knowing wisdom to share. I sit at her feet and listen.
No longer should we have to ask whether or not a cinematic technique is allowed, but rather, what it produces. Why not have all the objects in a film evolve in this manner, or reflect aspects of the character? Why not change the objects in a film to reflect aspects of the action? We see some aspects of this in the manner in which directors since the begining of color film have coded some characters with a particular color of clothing, or matched the clothing of a character with that of an object in a room or aspect of a setting. Why not extract these tools and consider them all fair game? Whether or not we tie them to plot devices like time-travel or dreams is up to us, but we should acknowledge the power that mutating, multiple objects have on us today. In a time of iPhones and iPads, of objects that seem to feel and think, does it surprise us that our film-objects have become uncanny, multiple, powerful, labile?
Many students in my recent Create Characters That Last! class asked me about introducing a main character in the first scene of the book and what was required to make the intro powerful.
I like to encourage people to paddle because it gives them a different way to experience the river, the landscape and…life. – David Finch
Friends, we're all set! The MPB Men's Shirt Sew-Along officially begins on Tuesday, February 1 at 9 am EST. You have 25 days, which sounds like a lot of time, but you know what the boy scouts say. Those of you ordering fabric and notions can use the extra lead time.
detestable character played by Kate Hudson. For the life of me, I can’t figure out how anyone could tolerate 5 more minutes of her. She’s one of the worst characters I can think of, and I saw Rachel McAdams in Midnight in Paris.
5) Celery is the vegetable I would most like to become extinct (and if that's not possible I could quite happily live without parsnips or brussel sprouts).
Q075) What is your dream?
So once all the pieces were pieced. I had a top! Waiting for borders. It took about two weeks of hand piecing. Lots of movies, violin lessons, and ballet lessons.
28. What did you want and not get?
I hope you all like it!
Problem 3: Don’t Yell At Me
“After 25 months of expansion in the U.S. labor market, 41 percent of the total amount of jobs lost during Great Recession have been recovered. The private sector has created 4.1 million jobs or about 46 percent of the jobs it shed during the recession.
I set fire to what's left of the house. No more shoveling.
Andy Andrews: Andy’s Smoked Fish Surprise.
I painted the lemon tree in with my Tombows and "Peeled Paint" Distress Ink,then placed it on popdots, to give some dimension from the back of the card. The paper is Basic Grey Sweet Pea "Double Cream" with some chocolate cardstock matting. I sponged some "Tea Dye" & "Frayed Burlap" Distress Ink, around the edges to give it an aged look. A Spellbinders Long Rectangle die was used to cut out the window. The finishing touch was some KaiserCraft "Latte Flourish" pearls.
There are gaps.
The Court agreed and found that the Son who had been left everything now held the Real Estate that he had inherited, UPON TRUST, as to part, for his Sisters.
Dr Vivienne Nathanson, head of science and ethics for the British Medical Association, said: "We have to start de-normalising alcohol - it is not like other types of food and drink."I'll keep saying it - we're not talking of two issues here, there is only one. Those drinkers (and their associations) who were happy to let tobacco fall only hastened the onset of their own woes. Some of us did try to warn them, but there were just too many fingers in too many ears.
Jack has been having a ripping time, literally…nothing is safe around him! I got him some massive bones from the butcher yesterday and he has been crunching and chewing away to his heart’s content! I can’t quite get over just how intelligent he is! I would advise anyone thinking of getting a pet to visit their local animal sanctuary first…you might be as lucky as myself and come away with a gem like Jack!
“ I’m trying to run down any incoming changes that have been automatically downloaded to my laptop”.
create a mailing list you can get one at Bravenet.com
11. WAQAR YOUNIS (PAK) Right Arm Fast (1987-2004)
Yes, I am giving away one copy of Mental Wellness: Real Stories from Survivors and all you have to do to be eligible is comment on this post and tell me your own story regarding mental health. It can be about you, or a family member, a friend or even a third hand tale about the person who used to live above you in the apartment. Please don’t use a name if it’s not you and PLEASE – be respectful. I WILL delete offensive posts and you will Not be eligible to win.
5 Last Exit 8:38
Kate: Sweet.
and loving friends.
1. Copy editors can play a huge role in attracting readers to newspaper Web sites.
Then I received the following five ARCs which were intended for another blogger. Lucky for me, when I contacted Penguin, I was allowed to keep them -- O.K., so, I shamelessly begged. Wouldn't you?
Once you enter the field as a court reporter, you will usually spend your first few years working in various legal aspects, such as assisting in other legal settings before you are experience enough to take full responsibility as the transcriber. The job does not just end in the courtroom, however. There may also be tasks to complete before or after each court session, depending on the type of case. Typically you may be asked to produce copies of the transcription records to be used by judges, attorneys and other individuals involved in a particular case. In some cases, you may be asked to use your skills for inquiries or depositions.
After a month or so, they took the scanners out. Why?
Detailing joints are designed as a part of waterproofing system. They are vital to impart water tightness at structure details such as pipe penetrations and changes in planes prior to application of primary waterproofing compounds.
After a few seconds more, the guy shoves his hand at my shirt and touched my man-tit sayiing ‘ke ai’ or cute in Chinese.
On a similar note, social networking is not limited to the young. At this moment, the fastest growing segment on Facebook is women between the ages of 55 and 65. This demographic is ideally suited for financial professionals. Social media replaces the cold call. Someone who agrees to be friends with you is a warm lead.
I was so surprised on our walk today. It is the first week in February, right? Look at what Coach and I saw outside the mall:
Don’t apply anything to your skin that you are not willing to eat. Your skin is your largest organ. It has the ability to instantly begin to absorb many nutrients and toxins when they come in contact with the skin especially when the skin is warmed and pores and capillaries begin to open.
From 1949-59, Casey had won nine world championships — six for bronc riding and another for bareback riding. Twice he won professional rodeo’s “World Champion All-Around Cowboy.”
So it can be hard to predict what the review-experience is going to be like, even if you have some basic information at the time of agreeing to the review. I am thinking in particular of a proposal that I reviewed not long ago. The proposal was on an interesting topic, the writing was mostly good in a technical sense, and the proposed work involved what seemed to be the appropriate approach (methods etc.), and yet.. it was extremely difficult for me to read more than a page without flinging it aside (or, in reality, the electronic equivalent of flinging, as I was reading it as a pdf).
Front Office -
I.e., there are too many common-sense issues to be counterbalanced by a purely legalistic approach. All the same, they publish the posts. I agree that the internal front is important, and that convincing others involves in the first place convincing your own troop. But the whole thing is so pathetically overdone that it amounts to preaching to the convert. For the arguments to have any efficacy, they would have to be used by someone mainstream, which, in turn, would require for said arguments not to be ridiculous. But Zionists often confuse "I can make a case for Israel, albeit ludicrous" with "I can make a winning case for Israel."
I paused again, carefully considering what I should tell her as she snuggled deeper into me. It was the eve of her seventh birthday, but I had a feeling that even though she's just a little girl, this conversation was going to stick with her.
He looked back at me, his eyes were as dark as coal,
We're so thankful they did.
I would like to wish all my readers and followers of this blog a very happy Chinese New Year! Gong Xi Fa Cai! (Gong Xi is literally translated as Congratulations or Wishing You Good while Fa Cai means Prosperity). Have a blast and I will come back with more photos of the celebration.
Born on July 27, 1989, Conor O’Farrell is having his first John Smith’s Grand National ride on Swing Bill. He is the son of Kilmoganny-based trainer
We also hear a lot about the strategic plan but in terms of impact on representatives we are still looking, though I sense that it has had a lot of internal effect. I shall be looking forward to some technological changes soon and do hope these will include an e-filable MM2, as well as finding out if eSearch Plus will ever come out of Beta. For those of us making our way to Washington for the INTA annual meeting Booth 323 should be worth a visit
However, my patience is now running very thin.
Punch dough down and remove from bowl. Let dough rest for 10 minutes, covered, on the counter.
If you want to write today:
One kettle of boiling water.
Unfortunately, screenwriters Tony and Joe Gayton have chosen to add a fair bit of story surrounding one of the cops on Johnson’s trail (an anemic-looking Billy Bob Thorton) as well as a playboy hitman (Oliver Jackson-Cohen) whose only motivation seems to be his next thrill. This stacks the deck against not only Johnson, but a surprisingly strong cast of B-listers, including Carla Gugino, Tom Berenger, Xander Berkeley, Jennifer Carpenter, and – wait for it – Adewale Akinnuoye-Agbaje. (There are at least three men in this film as big, if not bigger, than Johnson. How the casting agents managed this is anyone’s guess.)
Marty: "George, come on. Ask Lorraine to go with you to the dance."
I want to be like the man I saw this morning, tap dancing at the bus stop. He was happy and he wanted to dance. So he did.
After 56 years, NBC Universal announced today that it was moving the venerable NBC Studios from Burbank to a new site across the street from Universal Studios at the intersection of the 101 Freeway and Lankershim Blvd. in Hollywood.
On to the next!
I took the art of planning for the worst to an extreme today.
Every week there is a new topic and this week it is Day Trippin' or where would you like to go for a day trip?
duct tape.
Will catch the wind
My second guest post comes from Dr. Jennifer Smeaton- Fryer of Dynamic Health & Performance. A mom to two utterly adorable little ones and chiropractor, Jenn has agreed to share her thoughts and first-hand experience with babywearing with us here!
Enter portobello mushrooms and bulgur. I've got a love affair going with the former and had a box of the latter in my kitchen cabinet, intending to research recipes to start adding to the rotation using it, as I'd been reading up on its nutritional benefits (check out this article for a decent overview on bulgur if you're not well-versed). I'm also looking for iron via leafy, dark greens like spinach and kale.
I have an OB appointment tomorrow. I'm going to ask her to sweep my membranes to help me get this show on the road to just give Jax his lil push he needs.
We’re sorry we burn you for fun.
As cap rates increase, property values decrease due to the changing yield requirements by investors.
Tributary by Lisa T. Bergren
Getting caught up, Gwynie’s 6th grade followed by 7th.
Island of Infantilised Readers
Toller Cranston gave Jeanne her first artwork and encouraged her to start her collection. He told her to buy Canadian art and "just chose one artist that you really like and go with it." Jeanne followed that advice and has several pieces from Marion Perlet. She offers advice to other collectors and said "Just buy what you love. Don't buy as an investment."
A month or more ago Sweet Pea asked me if I would please start recording space shows for her on TV. Of course there is nothing on TV about space that is made for children to watch, so we just started recording anything and everything we could find about space for her, and she eats up all of it. Documentaries, feeds from the international space station, shows about ideas for the future (Mars colonization, etc.). She just loves all of it. Though after watching some of these shows and asking questions and hearing our answers she has decided that she'd like to be a "space scientist" right here on Earth, not an astronaut. I think the thing that bothers her most is the idea of bone loss. Yes, she's 4, but she worries about astronauts' bone loss after lengthy space missions. She's so freakin' cool. hee hee!
But something amazing is happening down here. I like it. I want to can it and bring it home so I can share this practice across the country; to share the wonderful feeling of trust and love that exists down here in the practice of welcoming friendly, inquisitive strangers with warm, safe, supportive arms.
I wanted to stop in and share another May Stamp of the Month card. I will be the first to admit that I am not much for coloring. But I LOVE this set! And the sentiments are so nice - a great value for just 5 bucks!
Our Southern Style Breast Strips feature a juicy piece of chicken with a breading just right to deliver that southern flair. Our special blend of spices and seasonings with the whole muscle goodness of white breast meat will please kids and old-timers alike.
Fall prey to the suffering
with my mother's parents
The author, Alexa, was a blogger at Flotsam, before she was a published author. She posts there quite frequently, and I find her style funny and refreshing.
Catherine Snelson d/o Charles Snelson and wife
I'm looking forward to seeing who gets to be in the Top 7 for Shrinkvivor! I was in the top 7 last year and it was so much fun creating a video and trying to win the Ultimate Shrinkvivor challenge! Hopefully next year I will have what it takes to get me to the place where I can train and walk the Komen 3 Day and still lose weight!
This prototype pair has now found it's permanent place in my jewelry box. For me.by me.forever mine! Yep, I loved them so much I had to keep them... dang their sweet charm!
I actually agree with Dr. Paul. The program I envision would probably end up being 90 percent private sector, but it would be based on a desire to change the government rules and change the government regulations, to get NASA out of the business of trying to run rockets, and to create a system where it’s easy for private sector people to be engaged.
I rely on my laptop to create digital art on (right now, about 2 projects are on hold because of this and the clients are trying to be patient), upload pics, create documents…play my downloaded music and HP games. *SWOON*
* ATG
The Imaginarium of Doctor Parnassus
Client: “I’m so depressed today.”
Child pornography in Cebu has not been a secret. In fact, the Children’s Legal Bureau (CBL) have pointed Cordova, a small town in Mactan Island in Cebu, as having the highest incidence of sex trafficking of minors, Cebu Daily News reported on March 2011.
Hi everyone! Its Wednesday, which means another episode of LIFE WORK BALANCES! Welcome back!
Anti-government blog The Online Citizen (TOC) has ganged up with foreigners again to interfere with Singapore politics and laws, this time collaborating with foreign NGO Amnesty International to exert pressure on the Singapore President to spare the life of Malaysian drug mule Yong Vui Kong.
The office and the craft room (and maybe basement and porch) tend to get stuck with extra stuff. Our “office” is really just the landing at the top of our staircase upstairs. It has the only slated ceiling in the upstairs, besides the master bath. Our house is a bungalow so the second floor was fully dormered one side and angles down on another. I have the perfect little chests in the angle, as well as a pile destined for Goodwill.
How many of you former children remember having your ass handed to you in front of the entire universe when you were in middle school? In most cases, other kids were the culprits—perhaps they shoved you into a locker or gave you a swirly between classes. In my case, a horse named “Peaches” was behind all the mortification and the lessons that followed.
Name: Phone:
A few days ago, I was excited to see a single California quail calmly traversing our backyard. As I watched, it reached the fence, flew up to perch on it for a moment, then disappeared into the neighbor’s yard.
Where lay activists call the shots, union organisation is, as it should be, a means to the end of protecting and promoting workers' interests. The interests of the organisation are subordinate to those of its members.
I am working through a book called “The Worriers Guide to Overcoming Procrastination” and I am finding it very helpful. Once I get to doing it anyway.
67) Today is no tumblr day. That’s right, you will try just one day to be off tumblr, post your progress/food log/training schedule tomorrow, because today, you are going back to basics!
Now, I’m keeping an open mind to a call tomorrow.. Fingerscrossed.
And this movement is all about soaring strings. For a few minutes I thought I was listening to Bruckner (thanks to the sequences and warm blankets of brass) or Mahler (because of the big leaps, high-register reaches and appoggiaturas):
Checking the National Weather Service’s website a bit later confirmed the suspicion and revealed a pretty fast moving system. It had shifted east nearly thirty miles in the past forty-five minutes.
When I taught high school English in a former life, I used to tell my students that if a book didn't grab them in the first 15 pages, it was probably the book's fault, not theirs. Unless it was one of the books I assigned in class, in which case it was definitely their fault.
The reporter does an excellent job of explaining that these youth are not necessarily trying to transcend the categories, they are simply “asserting their freedom to identify as they choose.” And an interfaith child should have the right to choose to be a Jew or a Christian (or whatever religion they want), or to keep the interfaith label. “All society is trying to tear you apart and make you pick a side,” says another biracial Maryland student. “I want us to have a say.” And that’s what interfaith children want.
While you are bringing the soup up to a simmer add bacon to a medium size skillet and cook until crispy (about 10 minutes).
Advanced Google Searching for Social Media is the 20th in a series of excerpts from our book, Be a Person: the Social Media Operating Manual for Enterprises (itself part of a series for different audiences). At this rate it’ll be a long time before we get through all 430 pages, but luckily, for the impatient the book is available in paper form at http://bit.ly/OrderBeAPerson save $5 using Coupon Code 62YTRFCV
This room also opens up to our entry way which meant that I needed to use this space to not only set the tone for the house once you walked in, but to act as our own little mudroom while looking pleasing when sitting in the living room.
The only other guys I knew back in the mid 80's that loved the Brazilian stuff the way I did were my Latham NY pals Dave Stevenson and Mark Szwarcberg. This stuff was always hard to find, and we paid ridiculous "import prices". Enjoy
Today, as Bennett and I stood under the florescent lights, enclosed by the baby blue walls and sterile medical equipment in the Pediatric doctors office, my heart beamed with thankfulness. Yes, Bennett received a clean bill of health today. And yes, his weight ended up being alright. But my joy came from the fact that, overall, we are just incredibly blessed.
This pencil vase:
This is a president half-assing it while still keeping plenty of political cover, and on an issue in which he could have effected real change had he had the courage of his convictions years ago. As leadership goes, it’s little more than acknowledging the direction the wind is blowing. It hardly merits a new chapter for Profiles in Courage. "Acknowledging the direction the wind is blowing." Huh.
Housework and homemaking are sustainable. Whatever is put into it is paid back to the worker, not in dollars but in comfort, appreciation, happiness, satisfaction, calmness, love and security. It's one of the types of work that is self-fulfilling and gently layered. There is no corporate ladder, work can be left until tomorrow and you don't work overtime unless someone is sick, or on the odd occasion when a ballet costume needs to be made or covering the robot costume with tin foil before the school play just has to be done. More and more I see it – families with one main breadwinner, or two casual workers, whose main desire is to work enough to pay the bills but not enough to wipe out those years from 25 – 60. Vegetable gardening, DIY, home cooking, homekeeping, organisation and budgeting are making a comeback. I think a change to common sense has started, I hope there will be no going back.
What I want to try is to use thin-set to literally tile with these and (depending on the tile pattern) insert some tile mosaic pieces (or anything!) for a pop of color or contrast, then grout and seal really well. You could also use them to "stamp" joint compound/cement mixture and then have a relief pattern to do with as you like: leave plain for texture, paint or fill in with a contrasting element! These are just some inspiration pics to show you where I'm headed here:
Male
My favorite part of any ride is that floaty feeling in your stomach as you plunge downwards at 22 MPH every second, cancelling gravity, before pulling up and doing it again. Judge Roy Scream's series of five camelbacks is pure "airtime" heaven. I rode it six times in a row, mostly in the front car. I told ride-operator Jessica, "It's probably just the endorphins, but I think I love you."
My favourite poem for children is John Hegley's 'Bad News'. If you don't know it, look it up, and tell me you don't laugh a little when you read the last line.
Emily Jacobs, a senior at Maryland, is off for the summer. The last thing she remembers is walking through the woods by her parents’ Long Island home. Now she’s in a locked room, wearing strange clothing, with no idea when or how she got there.
Begin spreading spinach mixture onto phyllo sheets evenly. Line sliced tomatoes and olives. Sprinkle with parmesan cheese.
-People who don’t understand basic common courtesy
The range of choices is smaller,
I've been missing for a while because life has just been crazy! June for me; was the toughest month of my life to date! I lost one of the most important people in my life - my Nana. She's lived with me all my life, so she's like a second mum! To me she was nana, a mother and a best friend all rolled into one!
Riding shotgun with your staff is the job of the head of sales or you as the owner if it’s a smaller company and will be very educational in how,when and why your seller reacts in certain situations. But what is the key factor you should look at?
Now, we couldn’t have a good government story unless we had a huge conflict of intrest. So here we go. It is suggested that since there is very little known about Anti-Government Phobia, that:
McMurray RG, Mottola MF, Wolfe LA, Artal R, Millar L, Pivarnik JM. Recent advances in understanding maternal and fatal responses to exercise. Med Sci Sports Exerc 1993; 25: 1305-1321.
They never made.”
1 mentality
And into the past.
Top criminal attorney William Booth said the hastiness of the conviction and sentence sounded most “unusual”.
IMAN
Allister: Anything that has desperation and Soul! A lot of 70's punk. As well as other stuff like The Troggs. Pretty Things, King Khan & BBQ Show, The Gruesomes
courts and we will never get justice in them. We are going to do away
Large pearls, deeply hued in grey & gold, attract your immediate attention.
Now, once the seat part is all smoothed and tucked and pinned in the creases, smooth upward along the backrest. Work your way up the middle and tuck each edge into the sides pinning as you move up. Once you reach the top of the chair, take as much pins as needed and pin as tight as you can to assure that the fabric does not shift and is smooth. This is very important because if the pins are not snug, they will pop out eventually (not SAFE AT ALL).
I've found a new book, the second by Aimee Ray with a doodle stitching theme. Just like the first one, this new embroidery book looks like a real winner. I just love the tree and little bunny on the front cover. Included is 400 embroidery designs which would be ideal when looking for designs to include in your own sewing and embroidery projects.
- Translated by Batul Mukhtiar, 6 December 2008
take a picture of her mom and son for some Christmas
5 Bartlett Bay Road
It was very similar to the book “Born to Run”, and a great motivator to say the least. The gist of the doc wasn’t to compare technique really but they did talk about biomechanics and shoes, some of my favourite subjects!
The government is being represented by Assistant U.S. Attorneys Joel Hammerman and Tinos Diamantatos.
Yesterday, Proton closed at RM4.27, four sen higher than Monday’s close.
-Wilson W, Jr.
And with the pyjama look a standout trend on runways around the world for Spring Summer 12/13, women, pregnant or not, are giving a touch more thought to their afterhours wear.
In the worlds view I am sure it didn’t make sense for a family with four biological children and not a lot of money to be adopting a child. "Why did we need another they asked? You can’t save the world after all. What if this hurt our ‘own’ children? What if this child, you know, causes problems?" It was through these questions and comments we would begin to search and grow and learn the truth about who God is and what He cares about. Adopting had nothing to do with our needs, our abilities or our safety- and everything to do with our God.
“Well if you’re sure …” She sank heavily into the seat.
The landscape of Williamsburg, Brooklyn has been radically transformed in the last decade. Located at the epicenter of New York City's recent development boom, the neighborhood saw countless industrial buildings and row houses torn down by developers. In their place, dozens of luxury condominium towers were constructed, permanently altering the skyline. By July 2009, however, "The Billyburg Bust" was reported by New York Magazine, which wrote that the area was "littered with half-built shells of a vanished boom." Like any gold rush, the aftermath of the frenzied push to develop Williamsburg has left permanent scars on the land.
David Santon went on a surging run before playing in Cisse, and the Senegalese teed himself up with his first touch to fire a stunning volley past Petr Cech.
(you can do one or all from the list below, I guarantee AT LEAST ONE of them WILL work for you!)
On the waterfront, a crowd without end flows in clusters of khaki uniforms and light summer dress of mothers, and wives, and girlfriends. Vociferous, smiling.
count 'em, four special beers brewed for SF Beer Week left over. Having missed most of SF Beer Week due to work and family committments, I was glad to sample some of these beers before they were gone for good. By far the most impressive of the bunch was Kaleidoscope, and beer that defies conventional description.
Now we are anxious again, waiting to hear how things are going. I fear that she will make the wrong move, I fear she is thinking that “the grass is greener on the other side” such an unrealistic expectation, I fear that if she does not approach “K” in the right way, the fight will just escalate, I fear she will make a decision that she will regret in the future.
At the moment she's working on her second novel. "It's supposed to be delivered at Christmas but I don't think it's going to be. It's set in 1946 and is a sort of detective story, about a murder that's all tied up with the black market and the background is the depleted, bombed-out landscape of London. It's a very modern setting for me because I'm much more at home in the 19th century and I'm thinking that it's going to be called The Commonplace Killing. But the publisher doesn't know that yet so it might turn out not to be..."
XFN
In large bowl, beat butter and sugars on medium speed of electric mixer until creamy. Add eggs and vanilla; beat well. Add combined flour, baking soda, cinnamon and salt; mix well. Add oats and raisins; mix well.
It's enough to make your head explode. If there had been an invasion a few weeks ago, people really would have come out to barricade the roads and lay down their lives for the Revo. But now? Who would they be fighting for? The same people who had massacred, imprisoned and lied to them over the last four days? On the other hand, all lives will be at risk if there's an invasion ...
Here are some ideas to get you started:
“Yes, a heart attack will generate economic activity, since the surgeon and hospital get paid, but not in a good way,” said Murray Ross, vice president of Kaiser Permanente’s Institute for Health Policy. “If we avoided that heart attack we could have put the money to better use, such as in education or investments in clean energy.”
Concussions playing football or soccer. Groin/hamstring pulls/shin splints or tendonitis for runners. Falling on the ice curling and cracking your head. Tennis elbow. Rotator cuff. Catching the ball with your body not your glove. Sprains, strains .. stray balls hit your way playing golf. Or my girlfriends and I drinking too much over the course of 18 holes. It can all hurt. You get the drift …
The Lord will reteal Himself to you.You need to be informed here that no matter the number of rules and regulations of religion you keep,you can not be saved by them.Like any mortal man,you were born into sin.You have a sinful nature,ie the tendencies to to wrong is in you,and the wages of misdeeds is death.
I found this on another blog, so I thought I would copy it and post my own answers.
Will he treat patients in the Emergency Room or fight a local fire?
The need to feel that you have meaning to others, you are unique, special, important. (NB: potential conflict with the need for Love & Connection)
Mouth and tongue pressed for time that coins cannot buy.
Thursday, Greg was feeling much better. I was still feeling awful, but not nearly as bad as Wednesday. My mom was came up from Georgia, she already had a trip planned to come stay with us for 2 weeks, so we thought it was perfect timing, since we needed some help. It was so nice Friday and Saturday when I was still on the mend to have an extra pair of hands to help with everything.
He rethreads the bone needle, and tries again. He’d been doing pretty well before Thanee had interrupted him. He retraces the heart-weave, taking another calming breath. When he finishes tracing out the intricate semi-circle triple pattern and the helix down the middle for support, he takes the shell fiber from the hole in the needle and, very carefully, snaps the needle in two. By the time he looks up, Thaneen is gone. He probably slipped away to find his relatives in the crowd of villagers gathering.
“It’s a very elaborate, well done watercolor and that’s quite extraordinary in this period of Van Gogh’s oeuvre,” said Marije Vellekoop, the museum’s curator of prints and drawings. “Out of the blue, in the summer, in July, he makes a series of watercolors … with a lot of detail, but also very painterly, fluent.”
Was matter getting out of hand
13 wines served to go with the 5 courses! ! !
All that I have
Hat: from Alternative Design Studio
Plymouth, NH ?
Thanks for reading and take care!
Alvin Greene is America’s much needed political Rocky, tainted though he may be. The line American school kids hear the moment they set foot in a classroom is that one day you can be president. Most school kids long before they stop becoming school kids know it’s just that a line, they can’t and won’t be president. Now enter Alvin Greene. Here’s a guy with no job, no degree, no name recognition, no campaign organization, no website, and for all practical purposes no party (he never attended a Democratic Party function). And to top it off he’s facing felony obscenity charges. Yet Greene gets 100,000 South Carolina voters to punch his name on the Democratic senatorial ballot.
Prodigal Summer by Barbara Kingsolver. So many people point to The Poisonwood Bible as their favorite, but Prodigal Summer is mine. I’ve always admired the way Kingsolver weaves her biology background and political and environmental views into her fiction, but in such a way that never feels like preaching.
(sigh)**
Wolverines feature in the stories, myths, and legends of northern peoples in both the eastern and western hemispheres. The Cree, who occupy a vast swath of southern Canada and some of the northern United States, have a long-standing relationship with the wolverine. I first became aware of the Cree wolverine stories through the work of anthropologist Robert Brightman, whose book Grateful Prey is a classic exploration of the complexity of human-animal relationships in hunting cultures – in this case, the Rock Cree of Manitoba. The material that Brightman analyzes in Grateful Prey is presented in its original form – the transcribed tales of Cree storytellers – in an older, out-of-print book called Acaoohkiwina and Acimowina: Traditional Narratives of the Rock Cree Indians. The books was published by the Canadian Museum of Civilization in 1990, and I managed to find a copy in an obscure corner of a library, the pages falling out, the whole thing looking as though someone had typed up an individual copy with a typewriter and then abandoned it like a message in a bottle, to be retrieved decades later only by a tried and tested wolverine fanatic. Acaoohkiwina refers to the primordial time-before-humans, when animals spoke and had their own civilizations and when the Trickster Wisahkicahk adventured through the world. Acimowina refers to the time after humans arrived. So the stories incorporate both the history of the creation of the Cree world, and more recent events. Wolverines play a role in both.
The illustrious US Masters consistently brings an intense atmosphere as the best golfers in the world compete for a prize fund of just over 8million US Dollars.
Sun Xu will be attending a disciplinary hearing convened by NUS on 13 March where his fate will be decided. Education Minister Heng Swee Keat had earlier said the onus is on NUS to “investigate the matter and to take disciplinary action against Sun Xu if he was found to have flouted NUS’s code of conduct for its student.”
On to benefits of another sort mass immigration.
What a strange video. There's millions of Leos leaping up and down, spinning around, floating about in mid-air, and mostly being silhouettes.
The day I wrote that post, he and I talked about it. He didn't remember pushing anyone (and this wasn't a shove, it was a push out of the way; still shouldn't happen, but it's a degree thing). Once I started telling him how it affected me and what happened he started to see it. That's part of rage. As I understand it, from what I've studied, rage is a whole different level to anger. The thought processes bypass certain areas of the brain, the logic center. That's why there is no reasoning. That's why there is no memory. My husband is a lousy liar; I know when he's telling the truth. I see his face when I tell him what happened. I watch the change happen as he goes from no memory to that-sounds-familiar as I describe it. He believes that it happened. He knows he did it. He just doesn't remember doing it.
Poor Sam had been rattling the playground gates during the night, when yours truly went to bed and forgot to open them up again :( She would have been first in to play so apologies Sam! What a great card she was clutching when she finally got in as well - very British and of course, featuring chickens! Do go and see it here, one to make you smile :) Then, later in the week, Sam hopped by again after suggesting that we sweep the gravel from the playground and play at wheeling one another up and down on her new pretty pink craft room chair. It's a beautiful chair - and so are all the cards that Sam posted here in one go (thanks). All quite different, and if I was forced to I'd probably pick the 'script and flowers' card but it's a very close call. Great stuff Sam!
What better way to celebrate the new millennium than by having a massive party in Stockholm and then declaring Denmark’s Olsen Brothers to be the cream of Europe? Fly on the Wings of Love was a worthy Eurovision winner because of its simplicity and honesty. No showy dance moves or distracting gimmicks, just two ugly old blokes having the time of their life with a couple of acoustic guitars. The lyrics are simple (as they have to be, really) as is the tune, but it’s catchy and memorable. Throw in the obligatory key change and a bit of funky robot style autotune (before it was in fashion – The Olsen Brothers really were the future of the music industry) and we have a winner. It united the arena crowd in glow-stick waving union, and romped home to victory by a clear 40 points.
That's why i follow her blogs.
Ok, well that's not really the end of the story. Life definitely changed that day for me. I went back to that church the next day, and the day after that, and the day after that, realizing that I had cried uncontrollably because Christ was calling my heart and I couldn't continue to say no. I had abandoned my Protestant roots shortly before entering college and viewed myself as an intelligent agnostic who somehow held remarkably moderate-conservative views even though I lived in opposition to them. The church that I felt drawn to go to that night was St. Peter's Catholic Church; a church I had entered only once before. I was a young black woman in the South and of all places I felt at home in a Catholic church. Once I accepted Christ's call, I delved deeply into Catholicism to truly understand and grow in my Faith. I didn't choose to be Catholic...Christ told me I was Catholic; from that point, there was no turning back and a year after I accepted my conversion I was blessed to be accepted in communion with Christ and confirmed as a Roman Catholic. Five years later, I'm still obsessed with the Magisterium, devoted to the papacy and thoroughly confused by why the secular world doesn't get it. So here I am. A Black Catholic. What's my mission? I really don't have one. I'm not here to proselytize. I'm here to ponder. Things in this world are just not making sense to me right now, and I think this is the perfect venue to put them out there and find the object truth in it all.
For the golf ball decoration I used white chocolate and this golf ball candy mold, and I made a few just in case there was any breakage. The first step was to cover the insides of a few of the golf balls of the mold with melted white chocolate, and then placed it in the fridge for them to harden. This would be one half of each golf ball. Once they were set, I popped them out of the mold, and then repeated the step to cover mold in chocolate.
The next morning, he told me;
floated on the froth of the river.
up the road at the Pond House,
Benny Goodman – “King of Swing”
In a chapter named “Abandoned Ship, Abandoned Survivors” it tells the heart-breaking and hear-warming story of what happened when duty clashes with the natural instincts of loyalty and compassion. In war, duty wins.
Emmerdale Farm
(Sorry - the photo was taken with my phone)
Stamps: Serendipity
Overall quality and elegance.
split in twos
3 cloves garlic crushed
I headed into the registration foyer, thinking maybe those lucky business tech folks might have some coffee I could pilfer. Things seemed a little...different on this second morning. Everyone was still lined up conscientiously, but the overall vibe seemed to have changed.
There was no concrete reason why I should die early. I wasn't addicted to drugs or alcohol. I didn't have a life-threatening illness. I wasn't doing a dangerous job. I was perfectly healthy. Yet I was convinced I couldn't possibly reach middle age, that that was an experience I would never know.
He said he's going easy because he knows I was up with the bible study and how can he get too mad about something involving that?
Apparently, today our beloved doctor asked how we were doing as parents with all that we have to handle. "Do you guys get away at all?" he asked my husband. My husband responded that we are trying to get back to regular date nights but we haven't gone away on an overnight in a while. Doctor Awesome responded by gently encouraging my husband to make it happen, which he was very open to.
The aforementioned assertion of a privatized, sheltered and secluded church may provide a link that explains high attrition rates and why it has become increasingly difficult to carry out the church’s ultimate mission: to spread the Gospel of Jesus Christ and advance the Kingdom of God on earth. One cannot proselytize persons while their most practical needs are ignored or disregarded. Our call as the ekklesia is to spread the Good News, not to live in religious cliques and refuse to fraternize with others, as the Essene sect of the Jewish community did so many years ago. We have an evangelistic call to leave the confines of the church building and connect with others in need of our Savior.
Location: White Oak Road to Brookside Road
Creative Grandparents Described
Xenophilius is definitely not one of my favorite characters, but something about his sheer wackiness is cool. I think we can all relate to his obsessions at least the tiniest bit. Haven't we all been, at some point, fascinated by something foreign to us?
So, I decided for the whole month of March to review lots of new mesh items from designers around the grid. Today I was lucky enough to get 3 new designs by CCD, they are amazing !
Hope you will go look around too.
They say my choice to cover is old-fashioned
who kept herself to herself.
I had to buy a new ticket for a flight that was already boarding, scheduled to leave in twenty minutes. I cut through the security lines and babbled at some security people and they let me through right away. Then I became One Of Those People you see in the airport in a full-out run, the ones you point and laugh at and feel happy you're not them.
I’d never used serum before so I wasn't sure how much to use. The bottle read: “Massage over face and throat.”
Liam nods and gives a lazy, two fingered salute. He waits till Agent Green is inside before he pulls his phone out again. He reads the text:
The studio version of "Sixteen Saltines" was subsequently released via White's YouTube channel on March 13, 2012. Promotional copies of the album, distributed to reviewers and radio stations, were sent as vinyl records to prevent leaks.
And I don’t know about you, but I spend a lot more time pacing the room and ripping my hair out than sitting and typing.
The night burns on, each note each page
All in all, Myrniong Primary School raised enough cash to ensure that all attending the end of year concert will do so for free, several blokes proved that bidding (in some cases against themselves) for Boag’s merchandise and a case of beer is not best done towards the end of a Beer Blokes Beer Dinner, the locals got a great taste of the food and beer of some of Tasmania’s best producers and – most importantly – the role of a proper country pub in its community, was further established.
As for the new study, this doesn’t really support Mr Thomas’ conclusions either. As I mentioned (to quote from the article on the study) “the majority of genes have more than one stop-signal” which looks at first to be redundant and useless. That we can show that there is a strong reason for this doesn’t mean that the organism cannot evolve. Basically, Thomas does not succeed in backing up his conclusions:
Teams have historically used a cranked handled wrench for this purpose, although teams have recently been using cordless drill type adjusters. The collar of the drill modified to quickly deliver a specific number of turns, which are pre-set into the collar mechanism.
So naturally after, I read this:
Governments of all political parties lied to you when they said that the NHS would collapse without immigration, whereas in truth it is the third world's health service which is collapsing because of immigration,whilst ours is groaning under the strain. Anyone with eyes to see, and who lives in any major city, knows that whenever they use the health service, at least half the patients in the queue in front of them are Immigrants, many very recently arrived. It will only get worse, even if the Eastern Europeans may eventually go home as their countries' economies start to grow (IF you believe the Independant and the BBC's suspiciously timed reports), one can be sure that the Africans, the West Indians, and Asians are far less likely to leave our generous shores, and an ageing immigrant population will put even further pressure on our infrastructure.
What do I do now? I asked myself. The only real solution is to replace the ceiling, as is, on the framework of the drop. I was okay with that...sorta. I REALLY wanted it to be back to its original height...but alas, it was not meant to be. So I put up some plastic to contain the bits that kept falling from the ceiling as I was cooking....
I think this is the first time I’ve actually written a post about her… I’ve kinda avoided the subject, to be honest. Not sure why. Maybe I wasn’t ready – I know I’m still not ready to talk about things like our wedding.
Silver Bird is principally engaged in the business of bakery manufacturing, sales and distribution of bakery, and wholesale and logistics of bakery ingredients.
at the time
As a result, after around two years I had usually clocked up so many of these incidents that I felt the need to get a new job.
NEW TESTAMENT
But how cute is it that Jaejoong loaned him his car? ^^
I have made as little as $43,000 and as much as $88,000. Those salaries, particularly the latter, would be seen by many people as wonderful and I never took it for granted. The advertising industry is not what I would call stable work and that $88,000 salary lasted less than a year and was followed by 5 months of unemployment and then by a job paying half as much! Worth noting also is that the highest salary I earned did not come with any benefits whatsoever. It was freelance work. No medical, no dental, no paid vacation.
But there is reason to question Justice Scalia’s math. He had, citing the methodology of an Oregon prosecutor, divided an estimate of the number of exonerated prisoners, almost all of them in murder and rape cases, by the total of all felony convictions.
Therefore, I suggest you stop using Asterisk’s Google Voice support completely. Assuming that you feel you must keep using Asterisk, then I suggest trying one or more of the following:
2009 Domaine Jones red – 15.00€
Frankly, whether this is a 'speciality' beer or not (or even a 'novelty' beer - as some misguided traditionalists will surely say), it is absolutely top-drawer stuff regardless of any mode of classification.
The following summer, when The Sun hired me back as night content production manager, the tree budded more vigorously and put out new branches. I pruned most of the dead ones and kept up the watering and fertilizing.
If that is of interest, what would it be worth to you? £200 per year, £500 per year?
Because of these earrings is beautiful, that dress looks interesting. These objects are not only in the interest of women, children experienced has also become a fan of these earrings, which are more and more funny.
Second, I’ve claimed before that one of the features of nostalgia is the notion that the present is absolutely different from the past. (To show my hand a bit, this is the problem with much contemporary theology.) In this sense, the article repeats a certain type of nostalgia while discussing nostalgia. So much is seen in phrases like, “Are 18- to 34-year-olds too young to be nostalgic?,” “That’s right: classics from the 1990s,” and “Research has convinced Nickelodeon executives that the Web — a repository of cherished childhood memories — ‘is allowing young people to be nostalgic, probably sooner than other generations,’ said Cyma Zarghami, the channel’s president.” Translation: this generation is unique, since it is becoming nostalgic earlier as a result of the web.
Hi everyone! It's time for challenge 108 at Digital Pencil Too and this time we would like you to think a bit outside the box and do some fancy folds- either a card or a 3D project, it's entirely up to your imagination.
slipped past my opened window and candle, waiting
We are currently considering three visions and we need new leaders and volunteers to make one a reality:
In Iran, Zionist activities (differentiated from "Jewish" activities) were banned in 1979. In 2000, discrimination developed in public service, universities, and public companies.
November always seems to be the month where the fun little extras fall through the cracks and trying to get everything together for the holidays just seems to take over. So instead of spending much time on the details of how much shopping and house-cleaning happened (a lot), I'm going to go back and catch a couple of the little things that happened in September and October, but which ended up getting neglected in November.
So far the government has spent more than $160 billion in taxpayer funds to prop up Fannie Mae and sister agency Freddie Mac.
KEVIN SPACEY (Seven)
Pushing her short bangs from her forehead in disgust, she mumbled, “Maybe I’ll find treasure. I’ll be the rich one, and then they’ll have to accept me.” But she knew better. California didn’t hold any more undiscovered treasures.
The picture has been taken while boating on the moat at the Chenonceau Castle, on the Loire Valley, in France. I lost there one of the gold earrings that you see in the photo – I was quite upset by this. In this castle, there was a very strange room, all decorated in black. It had belonged to Louise of Lorraine who lived there, in perpetual mourning, from 1589 when her husband, King Henry III of France, was assassinated by the monk Jacques Clement, until her own death, in 1601. Imagine living there, in that black room, with its black tapestries and its sombre furniture, while outside bloomed some of the most beautiful gardens…
Do me a solid and buy me a drink when I emerge from the ladies room, ok?
Know that everything I am about to blog comes directly from sources who have, with great care and much prayer, put their stories in writing. My purpose for sharing this remains the same: to get the message into the public forum so change can happen and healing can hopefully spring forth from that change. I have been warned that I will receive backlash for telling these stories....I have even been told that some will go to great lengths to disparage our family's reputation if I write about these experiences....but in the spirit of free speech, I have decided to write.
1) In Faith-permeated organizations, faith is very important at all levels. Most staff share the organization’s faith commitments. ”Faith-saturated” programs involve explicit and extensive spiritual content integrated throughout the program.
Shotgun – I ran the shotgun better than I ever have. Loading, accuracy, and speed were all excellent. It’s probably fair to say that I won this match on the shotgun.
Here’s a bit about ruby-throated hummingbird:
We took one last video to compare to the first video and you can really see the difference! My hips are more open, my shoulders are more supported by being stacked over my elbows, I’m not reaching so far out to grasp the bars, and my back is in a more neutral position.
HOWEVER. There are drugs to treat this disease and said family member is responding wonderfully. In such a way that this person is surprising her or his doctor's. It feels like a glorious reprieve, though we have no way of knowing how long it will last.
Ziggy was one of five of Bowie’s albums to which Ronson contributed guitar and inventive arrangements, such as his fabulous orchestral arrangement on ‘Life On Mars’.
I may modify it a little bit like incorparating chicken or fish to accomodate my exercising as well. The reason for the exercise is because I agreed to be on my friend's team in a "Battle of the Bulge Weight Loss Competition." She also recruited my Sis and a good friend. So, we shall see if I can battle this bulge!!!
Nikki Sivils dp
Problem: At first, I had students print, cut, and staple their codes in the corner of a page. If the QR code is not flat, there can be issues.
Deadlocked is more than a book about supernatural politics or magic or life in Northern Louisiana—the book was about trust. All the relationships, whether it was Kennedy and Danny, Tara and JB, Jason and Michelle, or Sam and Jannalynn, were dealing with trust issues, and that is certainly a big stumbling block for Eric and Sookie. And it’s about more than trusting just each other, but also themselves, and their relationship.
People sometimes mock the sing song, happy clappy nature of these classes for infants, but the brilliance of the approach really became apparent to me as I watched its effects on Geekyboy. As soon as we started to sing the familiar tunes he relaxed. As the other kids followed the actions, he joined in with the comfortable rituals. By the time we got to the next part of the class, fetching toys from the side and putting them into the teachers big basket, he was enjoying it. When it came to walk along the big foam float and jump off into my arms he could hardly wait for it to be his turn, and he took a big leap into the water, going right under and popping up all slick hair and wet starfish eyelashes, laughing at the novelty of it all.
Ann, I, and several others who prefer to remain nameless are volunteer staff members of WRITER BEWARE. Not the most inventive or exciting name, perhaps--but simple and descriptive and our own. Note that there are no plurals or possessives. There's a functional, attractive space between Writer and Beware. The W and the B are capitalized, and the rest is in lower case.
The Mishnah (Hebrew: משנה, “repetition”, “to study and review”, also “secondary”), is the first major written redaction of the Jewish oral traditions called the “Oral Torah”. It is also the first major work of Rabbinic Judaism.
Pod is fine. His band has put the finishing touches on a CD they've been working on for 9 (?) months, and it sounds terrific. Produced by a guy who recently moved to C. TX from Chicago and who was part of the music scene there--was friends with Jay Bennett and all that. The CD sounds great.
I cut the overlay so that the circles would line up when folded. Rather than doing any stamping I stuck with pattern papers and embellishments to create this card...no stamping at all!
Have you been taking note of how God is working beyond all that you ask or imagine of Him? It is my hope and prayer that you will be aware of God’s amazing faithfulness and provision and that your faith will grow in leaps and bounds to the glory of His name. Steph is just weeks (perhaps days) away from delivery and we are excited to see how God goes above and beyond what we ever imagined as we begin this journey of parenthood (and don’t get much sleep).
**Part of me hesitated to post this for a few reasons. Clearly it’s unflattering. I know he’s allowed to move on, with anyone he wants to move on with. And at the end of the day, I can see through the anger that I do want him to be happy. (Who can blame me if I wanted to be happy first?) I’m fully aware that I need to get over it. And I know that I will get over it. This is just another reminder of how lucky I am that I got out of this relationship before the wedding. And, I’m afraid I give him some power by showing him this bothers me. But you know what? I said I’d be honest here. I’m sharing my journey. And this is part of my journey – no matter how unpleasant or unattractive. And I know that some of you have been through something similar. So, I warily press “Publish” this morning, and look forward to your comments.**
2: upon the wings of music 15:31
Gandhi
"7 ounces." he can't help but laugh as he responds.
By February 1962, Jo Ann’s baby was gone from New York.
I just read a friend's blog post describing her back and forth with Valentine's Day. Commercial, jaded and grown-up v. romantic, inspired and whimsical. Most of us experience a little of both. I love having fresh flowers in the house but flinch when presented with a florist's bouquet on Valentine's Day as I know the cost, while equal to the sentiment, was inflated. Especially with roses. So, while my male readers may be small in number, I offer some advice.
Those who are looking for a link to Christ need not hope to build their faith by caressing a stone box or laying eyes on a bone fragment. They need to look no further than to the Christian. A relic, while it is a link to the past, is a memorial or testimony to the power of the individual to whom it belonged or belongs. That is precisely what Christians are — living relics.
This test is based on how cool you were in School - what crowd you ran with, etc., it's pretty accurate.
Sounds like we are getting back to the original daube recipe such as Dorie Greenspan claims is her "to go to" recipe. I am fortunate that The Trout likes to use the knife and he does a great job with slicing and chopping. With all that done in advance, this stew comes together quickly.
Tonight my oldest mentioned in an offhand way that he had created a new character for the endless series of stories and games that he is inventing. I decided that it was time to sit down and give him my ear.
The Pharmaceutical conglomerates see the writing on the wall and the things the FDA Drug Thugs do at their behest isn’t pretty. But the cat’s out of the bag and silver is homemade medicine again.
She smiled broadly and waived goodbye as she pulled out from the curb and drove along the street.
Now of course, there’s nothing left to sell, the oil is running out, and places that escaped the worst ravages of Thatcherism in the 1980s now also find themselves staring into the abyss now their industries and communities have also declined. Wealth and opportunity is shrinking and many of those who had done well in these times are now seeing their children and grandchildren denied the opportunities they had, and face a society that seems darker and harsher than they could have imagined a few years ago.
Pretty pretty please, don't you ever ever feel
I slowly let go of my Old Navy baseball caps, sweatpants and my beloved athletic shoes.
In 1898 America struggled with its newfound strength when it defeated Spain and occupied Cuba. Americans debated whether Cuba should be annexed or allowed to become independent. American forces had intervened to aid the Cuban independence movement. America would lose its moral standing if it turned out that we were only seeking territorial expansion. Opposing factions fought in the U.S. Congress over annexation. Of course, Cuba was granted independence. But the two strains in American foreign policy were clear to see.
…economic models, it has been shown, work hardly better than random guesses or the intuition of cab drivers…
QU-S-12-1L-Finals Studying: Day 14? Somewhat about Day 10ish?
“I wanted to see you make it, to know that this world won’t always be like this. I know you can’t see it now, but you are going to find your way. Believe me.” She squeezed my arm tight staying close.
I am a degenerate poet
We'll have to see if the mister likes them. I hope he doesn't. Then there will be more for me! ;) Actually, I don't need to eat them all... So, I guess I can share.
Someone who did mind, though, was the poor guy on earth in charge of time. He tried everything to get rid of those 0.25 extra rotations, including the old decimal point trick, making his dog eat his notes and running really fast in one place to see if he could speed up the earth’s
But guess what Howard didn't say strongly enough? In fact, he didn't say it at all -- strongly, weakly, or mediumly -- that in the last election cycle he received $300,000.00 in campaign contributions from defense contractors. Last cycle was especially kind to Howard, since it brought with it nearly 40% of the $778,000.00 he's received from the masters of war since 1992. Always one to know on which side his howitzer shells are oiled, Howard certainly won't be complaining about unrestricted corporate campaign contributions any time soon. Yep: Those defense contractors is just real good folks...
I’ve had success on previous dinners with deep-frying in a saucepan, and there’s nothing more iconic that Canada’s Beaver Tails Doughnuts – so I thought I may as well give it a go, mine were mini versions of the real thing, but they were still big enough. The dough smelt great, and when it called for vanilla, I thought I may as well use the real Madagascan Extract left over from Madagascar night, rather than the normal essence, good choice, that extract is top-notch.
But that's about where the similarities end. Kimberly is way too conflict-averse (scared) to be a detective although she did give her two cents on some of her mother’s cases whether asked or not.
— Diligently seek out subjects of news stories to give them the opportunity to respond to allegations of wrongdoing.
You are the driver. You see the pedestrian one second too late.
Nell
Vladimir Bukovsky is a former Soviet dissident, author and human rights activist. He was one of the first to expose the use of psychiatric imprisonment against political prisoners in the USSR, and spent a total of twelve years in Soviet prisons. Now living in England, he warns against some of the same anti-democratic impulses in the West, especially in the EU, which he views as a heir to the Soviet Union. In 2002, he joined in on protests against the BBC’s compulsory TV licence, which he considers “such a medieval arrangement I simply must protest against it” “The British people are being forced to pay money to a corporation which suppresses free speech — publicising views they don’t necessarily agree with.” He has blasted the BBC for their “bias and propaganda,” especially on stories related to the EU or the Middle East. “I would like the BBC to become the KGB successors in imprisoning me for demanding freedom of speech. Nothing would expose them more for what they are.”
Personally, I'll take the third position -- I'll assert that market is the most important factor in a startup's success or failure.
04. The Funkiest (Lethal Dose Remix)
I like to take the darkest shade and apply along the lower lash line, this can be as smudgy as you dare, as this isfro beginners I've taken a small amount but if this was for me personally I would pack it on.
Here is my long and short lists of our urban homesteading priorities, and the "have done" "in process" and "to do's."
Name: Gizmo
Right, definitely shouldn't have put that in writing. Anytime now I'm sure the feds will be knocking on my door to ask me a few, um, "questions" regarding my personal views on mankind. But it's too late now so let's address it.
Japanese Monster Invasion (Room 153, 9-10PM) -- AZ's top Japanese Monster "Kaiju" experts examine the cross cultural phenomenon entrancing fans for years. From Godzilla and beyond and from the rise of the Kaiju in its earliest incantations to modern day interpretations. Panelists: Damon Foster, Nate Yapp. The convention is taking place at the Phoenix Convention Center and memberships are still available at the Phoenix Comicon website. Hope to see some of you there!
Number of this "card" in my collection: 5
I wonder how that Drama will turn out.
At this point, we were down to crazy woman with a mission, a happy second jumper who was ready to take to hopping along the path, and a defector who had decided it was way more interested watching the results pop up on the back of the camera. Oh, and my husband, shaking his head and once again wondering if his family has gone completely mad. (Of course we already know the answer to that, but he takes some comfort in still considering it a question)
I'm really pleased with how this has turned out and I hope you like it too.
She's very sweet and smells much better since we gave her a bath! But I really don't know what we're going to do. We can't keep her. I'm already overwhelmed with pets and work and life and blogging and other commitments, and looking after a special-needs dog is very time consuming.
With this evidence, all the pieces fall into place, Eig argues, such as a motive with enough “emotional power to explain the fury of the attack.”
My prayers and deep sympathy are with the Becton family this morning and my heart overwhelmed with the privilege of being acquainted with this fine man of God through his son Rev. Ron Becton.
What’s my point? My point is that the yoga (bikram) didn’t exactly heal me; it alerted me to the problem in the first place. The pain is apparently a “healing crisis”. And I think a lot of people would say “yoga made my back hurt” and stop, but I keep going. Some classes it hurts so bad that tears roll down my cheeks. Why don’t I stop? I’m not sure except I know that I trust the process, and since I stopped going to dance class several lifetimes ago, bikram is the one thing I am truly passionate about. It’s alerted me to back pain, sure, but it’s given me so much more besides. That’s all. Perhaps not much of a point but it means something to me – and back pain or no, bikram is – some days – all I think about.
A Plea From The Librarian:
Warning: This is not a self-help book and will not instruct you to improve your memory. Rather, this book should be treated as an intriguing piece of investigative journalistic work, where history, research, interviews and Foer’s personal experiences get mashed up in its narrative.
ARLEN HOUSE warmly invites you to celebrate beautiful books and enjoy a showcase reading by:
Fortunately, however, the settled gloom of those round him exercised a restraining effect upon him at the table. It would have needed a far more plastered man to have been rollicking at such a gathering.
tightly around the pallet in an x shape in the front. I held it in place while
The throes of a ravished heart, now will thou gauge and this blade of thy unrequited love will end thine days “
Because I don’t need to hold onto memories of boys who thought so little of me.
And then I went regular bookshopping and spent the same amount on three new books. Two of them were $5 Penguin modern classics. Both were less than 100 pages, as with all the other books in that series. Great books to add to the pile of stuff I can read on the go.
Pomposity is not an especially venal form of bullshit, although it is by no means harmless. There are plenty of people who are daily victimized by pomposity in that they are made to feel less worthy than they have a right to feel by people who use fancy titles, words, phrases, and sentences to obscure their own insufficiencies.
They have come to consider themselves a law unto themselves and not only neglect the rakyat who they are supposed to serve but treat them with contempt, disdain and disrespect, leading to an outpouring of complaints against them, which they coolly ignore.
Scatter the pine nuts or almonds over and eat away.
2. Black Mountain "Queens Will Play" 5:17
Why they should is another matter – and seeing how long this already is I’ll have to save it for another post. All I’ll say here is that if there’s one thing we History Girls all have in common it’s our ability to care about characters who lived a long time ago and went through experiences we will (hopefully) ourselves never know. Among many others, I care about men who were soldiers.
COL Board of Governors meeting in Vancouver
Don’t get me wrong, Stone Sour is a good band; but doesn’t hold a candle to the rage that has been Slipknot since 1999. To this day, Eyeless is still one of my favorite songs of all time.
My mother she did asked of me.
Here lies DuVall: Reder, if male thou art,
"This is to certify that FE Levenberg staff sergeant 29th evacuation hospital is hereby Honorably Discharged from the military service of the USA. Seperation Center Fort Dix, NJ 21 December 1945."
Part of why I felt that way was because I felt woefully inadequate to meet the task. How could I parent my children without my husband? We’d been such an integral team and often his calm would balance my emotions. He helped with everything. I relied on him so much. How could I possibly get by without him?
The Blackstone Group, the big buyout firm, has devised a way for its partners to effectively avoid paying taxes on $3.7 billion, the bulk of what it raised last month from selling shares to the public.
Joyce: THIS. I have folks remarking that Wolf At The Door isn’t Singaporean enough and that the descriptions of the city could well describe other cities in Asia, like Taipei. In other words, not authentic! I am not your travel guide, white reader. I do not want to educate you. I am not obligated to turn my novels into tourist attractions.
like in a miyazaki movie i saw once.
By The Associated Press
Writing is one of those things that I always want to do. The problem, however, is that I don’t write for a living. I don’t write to make money. I don’t write to fulfill human desire for sociability and friendship. Because of this, writing is one of those things that, although I want to do it more than anything else, gets pushed to the back for more important things. Lesson plans, a second job, spending time with those I love, and fulfilling basic needs instead take precedence.
Since this is a 1950s Western, it’s a foregone conclusion that Brennan will triumph but it’s a fun ride getting through the rest of the movie because Boetticher and his crew throw in several interesting twists. The key character here, for me, is Usher, who isn’t a one-dimensional bad guy. Under normal circumstances, he and Brennan could have been friends. Usher treats his uneducated henchmen with contempt while engaging in meaningful conversation with Brennan about his dreams of having a ranch of his own. As played by the charismatic Boone, Usher comes off a sympathetic and even likeable villain, something of an oddity in a Hollywood film of that era.
Thinking you’ll end up alone
Like any other normal teenager, I just wanted to belong. Okay, yeah, at first it was frustrating that the rest of the class would take hours to understand what I’d figured out in three seconds, but that was easily dealt with: I just ignored school altogether. My real education happened in my spare time anyway; school was just somewhere I had to be, with people who I desperately wanted to like me.
On the hills and ridges, hemlock, maple, popple, pine.
Every now and then something special comes onto the market and this stunning lifestyle block meets that criteria. Nestled in a dip, sheltered by trees and discretely tucked away. This property is approximately 20 minutes leisurely drive from Palmerston North CBD and 15 minutes to Feilding. Electronic gates allow privacy and security to the 276m2 home while a separate driveway takes you to the 146m2 detached garage with separate office area. Perfect for the boat or the opportunity to work from home.
A settlement between the U.S. Department ofVeterans Affairs and Wiccans adds the five-pointed star to the list of "emblems of belief" allowed on VA grave markers.
Post which of my books you'd like to win and feel free to join me for more giveaways by clicking on the links in the sidebar: twitter, FACEBOOK,goodreads, etc.
Malachi did not show an interest in food till a few weeks ago when he was 10 months old. We would give him something to try and he would make these awful faces like, ‘What is this nasty stuff?’ or he would just want to use it for a chew toy. He made it very clear he did not want to eat the food. He just wanted to play with it. And then one day he became intensely interested in what we were doing every single time we ate. He needed to be in our laps when we ate and he needed some food too! It was very obvious.
curly-cue flaked horns
*** My opinion about Splenda and other "fake" sugars.....
This kind of verbiage worries me from a publisher offering author solutions because it is not entirely accurate. The fact is that there are traditional publishers who are interested in new authors, Penguin, HarperCollins, Macmillian, Canongate…the list goes on and on. Bestselling authors were new authors at some stage so they had to start out somewhere, and for most new authors who do get published, they do so through traditional channels of publisher and/or agent. The vast majority of books from a traditional publisher do not become ‘guaranteed best-sellers or guanteed library and university sales.’
WITNESS: Yes.
After wandering the trails for a bit, we decided to head back North. After a quick stop by my apartment, we were off to…
“Semi-sweet,” the nurse takes the sample back, inhaling herself. “It’s the brandy. His blood was full of it.”
I know it may be a little bit more expensive, but eating organic is really going to help you lose more fat. Studies show that organic milk has 70% more Omega-3 and Omega-6 fatty acids, which help burn even more fat.
A. Reese Felts has many missions. We give students digital skill sets and practical application through story development, production and publishing across multiple platforms. Our site, reesenews.org, serves as not only an outlet for students’ work but the foundation for the project’s audience research initiatives. We look to create natural partnerships with legacy, new media and citizen journalists. That gives us an opportunity to look at strategies to help companies continue making the transition to the evolving digital and cultural audience habits.
The democrat agenda (ie the stuff they wanna do to us) is a cancer, a tumor inside our country. A Demotumor.
As a part of my Baby Shower Celebration, I have been offered the opportunity to do a giveaway of a Miracle Blanket of the winners choice. Isn't that awesome!
Very easy and, if I do say so myself, very effective!
There is nothing like having a baby … nothing in the world as amazing and nothing in the world as f****ng annoying. Sue me. It’s the truth. Motherhood goes from being the best thing you’ve ever done to the most IRRITATING thing you’ve ever done all within the same 10 miliseconds. People just never admit it because they think it makes them a bad mother. I don’t give a shit about that, I know I’m a good mother; I’m not afraid or embarrassed to admit that about 20 times a day being a mother is ANNOYING to my soul. I love him but oooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooh this boy can work my last damn nerve – like as we speak, he is screaming my entire house down, gonna have the neighbours fucking calling social services and shit!
stage #2. my hair did not fall out immediately after chemo one or two. it was gradual. a little more each day. so i decided it was time to cut it (not shave it). as the hair kept falling out and little ava not knowing any better than to grab a hold of it and take some hair with her...it seemed that shorter hair would help with the whole i have cancer and my hair is falling out and this is sad and hard and i am insecure and nervous about how i will look as i loose my hair and i am not bold enough to shave it all of`f like some stronger women than me are able to do. so i cut it and i hated it.
It is the gospel, after all.
Yes it does, kiddo. Yes it does.
Female right whales have a gestation period that can last more than a year; for that reason, researchers are looking at a change in the food supply in Canada’s Bay of Fundy in the summer of 2010 as a possible culprit for this year’s low number of calves.
I’m off to bed. G’nite x
The analysis of various kinds of malt liquor contained in the reports published in the British Medical Journal during the last few months show, among other things, that there is a great difference in the strength of the beer sold at the same prices. In the case of bitter beer, for instance, one sample* sold at fourpence per pint as the produce of a leading brewery, was no better than table-beer costing only threepence per quart Moreover, the quantity of malt used per barrel, as indicated by the computed original gravity of the wort, was found to bear no uniform proportion to the price of the beer. This is probably in some measure due to the use of sugar in lieu of malt, which is now permitted; but that practice will not account for such a fact as that mentioned above. We have also been informed that some of the samples of pale ale referred to in a former report** were not the produce of the firm whose name they were sold under. Without attaching much credit to the strange forms of adulteration said to be practised with beer, there can be no doubt that in too many cases the quality of beer sold at public houses is far from being in due relation with the price charged for it.
I'm sure there are other, even more constructure ventures I could pursue, but these seem about doable.
Referring to the small boat in the previous verse, “Which when they had taken up, they used helps, undergirding the ship; and fearing lest they should fall into the quicksands, strake sail, and so were driven.”
Francatelli’s career, however, flourished after his time with the Queen: he worked for more notable noble employers, was the head chef at the Coventry House Club and then at the Reform Club, the bastion of Liberal politicians for much of the middle and later 19th century (that's their kitchen at right). He also wrote several books. One of the most interesting was his 1846 The Modern Cook, which includes several full menus for dinners served to the Queen and which is available in a modern reprint edition—very interesting for those interested in the history of cookery. Later, he changed his focus somewhat and produced a book aimed at England’s growing middle classes, A Plain Cookery Book for the Working Classes (1852). The Cook's Guide and Housekeeper's & Butler's Assistant and The Royal English and Foreign Confectionery Book followed in 1861 and 1862 respectively. He went on to manage the St. James Hotel in Berkeley Street and the Free Mason’s Tavern in Lincoln’s Inn Fields, but again, there are few records of his life at this time. He died in 1876.
From 7AM when the KGSR concerts start at the Four Seasons until 4AM when the last of the after hours party ends, SXSW can keep you busy nearly all day. And that is one of the few differences between Vegas and SXSW: SXSW has only about 21 hours of non-stop drinking and debauchery while Vegas has a full 24 hours of decadence.
Writings and Doodles; by me Nancy Baumiller
And, more importantly…
Needless to say, many discussions on "portion size" have followed that first plate of pork chops. Over the years I've gotten smart and picked up a few cost saving tricks when cooking supper for my sweet husband.
Jack trails behind picking up a stone here, a twisted piece of wood there, metal with a small rainbow crossing it's center... little prizes, relics collected and stuffed into the pockets of his jeans, hanging loosely on his small frame. The right leg ripped just below the knee on the outer part, there is a scab where he fell and tore his pants yesterday. His shirt just as scruffy looking, covered already with the morning dust, a red smear from his jelly toast across the left sleeve, and the old stain from the warm cocoa he spilled down the front of himself last week when Toby jumped up to his lap trying to share the drink with him. Toby darts back and forth between us, checking on Jack, exploring the brush along the side of the trail and running ahead, insuring the trail is okay for us to proceed. Her reddish brown fur glimmers as a small ray of sunlight breaks through the fog where she nudges her muzzle through the bushes to take a long drink from the icy cold pool near the springs. It seems so strange how when Toby's fur becomes damp from the thick air and dewdrops on the bushes, it darkens, almost to the auburn color of the mop on Jack's head. Jack's curls look like chocolate swirled, hanging loosely against the tan shirt draped over his tiny shoulders.
you need not be concerned with those
I know I have a fickle heart
There is a chasm where facts and pictures and smiles and stories and hugs and memories should all be packed away for her. All for her to delve into when she’s big enough to unpack her history. When she’s big enough to ask, “Why?”
Zepher Cove Restaurant.
