it also means that i have decided not to look at certain people online. just the people that cause a not so good feeling in my gut. it’s nothing personal against those people, it’s just that i don’t need to be looking at them because it doesn’t produce anything good in my life. these certain people just become a distraction to what i am really supposed to be doing.
Killer Elite (good)
Comments: Read in SF of the 30′s. Obviously interesting for the portrayal of the alien superwoman, both for the positive and negative reads she could engender. Of interest to both perspectives is the question of whether or not this is an early entry in the genre’s tradition of self-satire. Can it be read as a parody of early sf tropes, a caricature of the Nordic scientist-adventurer stock sf “hero,” and a mockery of fantasies regarding “the Other” (the female alien)? Everett Bleiler in The Gernsback Years also notes that Ing’s attraction to the woman is “fetishistic.” I’d agree that an interesting cocktail of emotions seems to accompany Ing’s desire to possess (collect) the alien woman. If it’s possible to see the woman as a stand-in for sf itself, in its physical form, this could be another way in which the text could be read as self-reflexive.
I am obsessed with lurkers who don't comment. It's almost like peeping . . . And of course I do it too.
So, academically easy to diagnose some of my bigger leaks. Very difficult in practice to plug them. It might just cost me another few hundred (at least!) until I really have a handle on micro stakes hold’em. I need to look at this money as an educational expense, not necessarily money wasted. That being said, I need to make sure I learn something from these games I’m playing so that it isn’t just cash being flushed down the toilet by another fish.
Oh, you make me smile
I tried to think about the White House...Then I thought about the first White House: Mount Vernon. Which lead me to Colonial Williamsburg. And Peanut Soup.
"there are so many people who can't afford food mommy. If I had the money to spend on that dress, I wouldn't buy it. I would give that money to someone who needed to buy food for their family." It was at that point that I wrapped my arms around my daughter and quietly whispered in her ear
END SCENE.
“Yeah, I guess he does look different, but I…”
I hope you all have a super fun and safe long weekend! Thanks so much for hanging around! :)
Tune in, folks, I'm here all week!
Here is a totally fabulous recipe for pickled ginger using simple, whole-food ingredients. It only takes 45 minutes start to finish, so if you are making this sushi recipe, start with the ginger and it will be ready to eat when your rolls are. Boss!
Yeah, I remember when I was younger and had the flu, kind of hallucinating. It has a kind of eerie feeling to it. But it has a negative connotation. I think of seeing it when I was younger, and I’m like “ugh.”
Don’t you want somebody to love
All of us, or at least most of us….. ok, ok, I have had moments in my life where I’ve looked over the fence and saw that the grass was so much greener in someone else’s yard; at least from my view point. Have you ever been there?
Please Daddy, don’t get drunk this Christmas
Ana has the plans for how to build your own canopy for only $20 and a little elbow grease She also shows how to make you own Pottery Barn style bed in different sizes and styles.
Elizabeth Abbott
We just got back into DC last night after spending the last 8 days schlepping from DC to Ohio to San Diego to San Francisco back to Ohio and then finally home.
Though it’s one of the world’s seminal fairy tales, there are only a few noteworthy ballet versions (Frederick Ashton for American Ballet Theater, Maguy Marin for Lyon Opera Ballet, Matthew Bourne at Sadler’s Wells in London). There’s a small French company with a current version whose ads feature a topless ballerina nested in a mountain of flowing white fabric. But that’s not what you are going to get at McCaw Hall this month.
At the mention of Second Life, Twitter, Widgets, Wikis or any other “Web 2.0” application people often undergo a marketing (and common sense) by-pass. As a result, a lot of nonsense is peddled around the communications industry, usually to the detriment of brands who are paying people a lot of money to explain to them how best to use it.The most damaging nonsense is the idea of a ‘new socially connected digital consumer’ who operates in a hyper connected, cyber world of his own and who, shrouded in mystery is making everyone nervous.
Postage will be actual cost - and I'll let you know when I reply to your order. I'm finding that orders are mostly costing $1.20. Orders over $25.00 will have free postage :-). International postage will start at $4.00. Payment is required within 3 days of your order confirmation.
I will say I've been experimenting with my coloring a bit more and had a lot of fun with both these images this week. If your mojo isn't chomping at the bit to get started yet, click on over to the SAS4K blog and see what my teamies were up to and get your creative juices flowin'!
At the request of The Irish Times, the current Bishop of Kilmore, Leo O’Reilly, is checking records to establish when his predecessor restored to Smyth faculties to say Mass publicly and hear Confessions. If it happened before 1980, when bishop McKiernan’s secretary, Fr Brady, became vice-rector of the Irish College in Rome, the primate’s troubles will intensify greatly.
Red Lentil Soup
Made it to the gym before work though. chest & biceps
The Game video, so if we have a HHH video, when do we get a CM Punk video?
Access to Natural Light
This evening, after attending a fundraiser for my college professor's daughter's theater group (I heart NY!) I went to a friend's apartment in the financial district (he claims it's called FiDi now, I refute that but am open to debate.) While I love this friend greatly (ladies, he's single! If you want to meet one of the most genuine, hilariously-dorky, engaged and intelligent men in NYC shoot me an email), I do not love the wall street area.
150gr salmon filet, cubed in small
That the author is male, yes, but that doesn’t mean his has no insight into his wife’s plight:
I have just found this great idea at K Andrews site at Getting Cricky, it is a link up party. We get to see other people's blogs and get out there and meet some great people who love to craft just like me!!
I used ”T.V.” in lyrics to Pour Some Sugar On Me performed by Def Leppard as well.
Despite these restrictive circumstances it should still be possible for a great beer campaign to see the light of day. However, there are some other factors at play.
With today's financial pinch, finding offers and deals can really help a budget go around. Many people give up luxuries and treats during times when cash is short, and coupon collecting helps.
Here are some of my inserts -- from left to right, an unfolded microfiber towel, a folded microfiber towel, and a suede cloth covered microfiber towel (You can see the back-and-forth lines I stitched to keep the towel folded properly):
It is oh so easy to blame others or circumstances for our unhappiness. We use the “If only…” excuse. “If only I had… more money, a different job, a different family…then I would be happy.” This is the human condition and it is the rare person who escapes this misery trap. As someone said, “Happiness is an inside job.”
Math. New lessons this week. Students will have plenty of time to complete their assignments in class. All students need practice on multiplication facts and how to divide.
The agents have not learned anything from Rick Santorum.
When I just saw you laughing,
While walking the beach, I’ve been surprised not only by the amount of deflated balloons to be found, but also those curly ribbons that are usually tied around presents. People must have lots of celebrations at the beach, but why not try celebrating the Earth and ocean by making sure not to leave those things behind? It’s easy to imagine the ribbons and balloons wreaking havoc with sea life and birds. I’ve also found lighters, sneakers (always just one sneaker at a time), a tire, plastic fishing nets, and of course, lots of little plastic pieces. Unfortunately, no messages in bottles. The messages are instead spread out all over the beach.
Have both feet measured and buy for your larger foot (feet are rarely the same exact size).
There is a lot of ugliness in Hackney but there are a few interesting places to see as well, fortunately. The first we came across was this church, St Mary of Eton. Quite frankly. I think it is an uninspired ugly lump but its origins are unusual and worth remarking upon.
BLOGGING as a way of making sense and remembering, and in the hope that some of it may be helpful, interesting and encouraging to those who read it.
She moved beside him and faced the window. "A Christmas tree? You're friggin' nuts if you think I'm going to accept this as an X-mas File case because of a Christmas tree in someone's house!"
Back at home and the spuds are looking good - shaws at least 18" on most plants and a nice clean fresh green colour all round. The SC carrots and the parsnips are continuing to grow at a steady pace after a slowish start, tyhe beetroot is looking nice, the broad beans are flowering their little socks off and the shallots are starting to put on a little bit of girth following their thinning out.
McWilliams was from Belfast and wrote this compelling tune about a homeless man he met in the mid-'60s, where it became a British hit via the famous pirate station Radio Caroline. This relative success doesn't seem to have manifested itself in the sort of financial success one might hope. Americans are likely not familiar with the song unless you, like me, own that second Nuggets box.
What are you wanting to do this year ?
And then comes Monday morning, at school, when I encountered another mom, who was supposed to have been at the checkout table with me. Apparently she had been in the bathroom the whole time. "I think I'm still drunk," she said. I told her that I had been in no condition to be taking people's money at that point, and if somebody complains to her about having been overcharged, it was totally my fault. "Yeah," she says. "Somebody came up to us at the pickup table and said "Wow, they're really drunk over at checkout."
My sister has been trying to convince me to go to culinary school after I graduate from Queen's and I had always said "no" because I knew my parent's wouldn't like the idea.
After he has Swiss hot chocolate for dessert (hot milk with some melted chocolate) he asks: "do you need me to do anything?"
A collector near Genoa in northern Italy had placed the material for sale, the Italian media said Sunday, along with a letter from a medical technician saying he had taken the samples in 1945 on authorization from the coroner's office.
However, even if you are one of those who do look forward with pleasure to a time when this country's indigenous population become an ethnic minority, you have to accept that it will not solve the pension problem.
Secondly this book sums up a lot of what I think about children and books. I had wanted to write something like this for a long time, ever since a girl of twelve wrote me a letter thanking me for helping her learn to read and mentioning that her family consisted of her "my mum and my budgie."
Herbert paid his debt to society by twiddling away the days in solitary confinement. Herbert’s personally prohibited him from becoming familiar with the inmates he was stranded with. Being friends with anyone wasn’t an option. It became a well-know fact that he couldn’t get along with others, especially in confined places. Whenever he was in the general population, he pursued fights on a daily basis. Arguments were his passion and ”asshole” soon became his middle name. Not even the meanest of the mean would mess with Herbert. The years put a definition of anger in the creases of his drawn face. The look of a psychopath was naturally etched into his smile. Inmates made it a point to stay away from Herbert whenever he wasn’t being kept in solitude. However, when he was alone, away from all other prisoners, Herbert was the perfect inmate. The guards had no problems with him. They came to the understanding that Herbert caused fight in order to stay out of general population. “Clooney, why are you here? Can’t you behave? You shouldn’t be here.” One guard said to Herbert. “I wouldn’t mind havin’ you taste a little of my famous brew. It’s smooth as southern silk.” Herbert said to the officer. It wasn’t easy time for Herbert. However, it did keep him out of trouble.
Most were reproductions, but I had to improvise as some of my knobs/findings are one of a kind. So I made some that were similar to ones that I've made in the past that she was intersted in.
BOWIE, DAVID – Low (1977)
Margaret Le Monnier has over 20 years-experience as a qualified natural health professional in the UK. She is well known for giving intuitive and expert advice to people regarding natural approaches to correcting a wide range of illnesses and conditions. Margaret is now writing articles for a website solely devoted to bringing a comprehensive range of natural health advice to everyone. To find out more about aromatherapy visit her website at Natural Health 4 Life
bridge:
Make me tremble
Number 3 is Victoria Beckham. And much like Kate Middleton while her style might not always reflect mine, she has certainly developed an incredibly successful brand and image. If she would just smile a bit more!
Mandii xoxo
Sorry about not blogging much, I feel so disconnected from things these days. My days have been:
To Tallest for the Grand Event, when Love would take, and give, and take…
about how his little girl never
Me? I think this is absolutely barking madness. Not to say that he can’t someday develop into an NFL quarterback. But a top-flight draft pick? Based on what? A few 300-plus yards games against some mediocre opposition? Remember this: Bray’s less-than-stellar performances have come against Georgia and Florida, purposively excluding the 2011 Kentucky game in which he was suffering from the flu and a yet-to-heal thumb. His magnificent games featured scores of big plays against the likes of Memphis, Ole Miss, Kentucky (2010), Montana, Buffalo, and Cincinnati.
The stay at home person can draw up a budget and have a plan to pay off debt. Once a year they can go through all their regular bills to see if they can be lowered. We review out bills every year, ring up the opposition, ask what their deal is for the same thing we're paying their competitor for. If it's lower than we're paying, or if we would get more for our dollars, we ring our supplier and tell them and ask them to match it. Usually they do. We check statements when they come in, we've found mistakes in the past. We try not to withdraw money from ATMs, we get cash out at the supermarket instead. I have to confess, Hanno is much better than I am at that. He hasn't used an ATM for two years and, of course, we've saved paying bank fees because of that.
The iniquity will not be heard.
act extremely pessimistic but actually are optimistic
So to sit here today with a purpose in my heart seems almost novel! I have plans. I have things I want to work toward. I have things I want to accomplish that are more than "get to tomorrow without killing anyone." To me, they're exciting. I wake up in the morning and, instead of dreading getting out of the bed, I think about what thing I can build into my day that will bring me one step closer to what I want.
midsummer moans
The first is the actual tracker which identifies your blog by name and keeps track of all view data. It is required if you wish to participate in the monthly Biblioblog Top 50 rankings.
I don't enjoy those ghastly kids shows on ABC Kids, all day long.
Another reason I like it is that I can take all my recipes wherever I go. So if I'm at a friend's house, or away from home visiting a family member, I have easy access to loads of easy GF recipes in the palm of my hand. If you know anyone with Celiac Disease, or anyone who simply wants to learn how to cook gluten free, tell them about Gluten Free Desserts! It's not free, but it's cheap (.99).
The most powerful number in the universe
I loved the song the first time I ever heard it. That was years ago. But I have to admit, there is a line in the song that I found disturbing, and I just couldn’t shake it.
soon.’
Tuesday: Rest
The Avengers truly is an amazing movie worth watching. There is an equal balance of serious action and comedy lined up to it, hence there isn’t any dull moment at all. They really have anchor an excellent group effort to this movie.
- Yeah, No Idea but maybe we will do a 7" or something with Jan at YoYo before the next European tour.
Parents and community members are invited to attend a public information meeting to review and provide feedback on the Halton District School Board’s updated Long-Term Accommodation Plan. This plan, approved by trustees, addresses the existing and projected accommodation needs of students in elementary and secondary schools, and identifies new capital project initiatives such as the need for new schools.
In adjustment to stop the apparatus and platforms in the Tick Tock Clock, artlessly jump into the alarm if the minute duke is on the 12.
Release Date : July 2010
(believe it or not, some of these I've watched special features on and/or commentary tracks too.)
The IDF’s understanding is that the mercenaries mainly chose dual-purpose items of this sort rather than guns, since opening fire would have made it blatantly clear that they were terrorists and not so-called peace activists.
It’s not about RELIGIOUS FREEDOM. If it was, then the Catholic Bishops would have left it alone.
Once you see the oil releasing the sides, sprinkle garam masala, give a final stir and take it off the flame.
みんな、集まれ！♪
Thanks for asking! I have a new album, Blood Oaths Of The New Blues, coming out on Fire Records in October. I’m really excited about it, I do believe it is the defining Wooden Wand record. Until then, just more touring, and more selling shit on eBay to keep the bills paid!
What are you're traditions? Here are a few of ours:
Iris decides she will investigate Prisom’s Party as she works on the school newspaper. Miller makes it difficult for Iris at every turn. And that is what makes this a good mystery.
Once again a very big THANK YOU to all the wonderful ladies who held these giveaways! Now it’s time for me to fall into bed. Good night, everyone!
There may be some hay and pumpkins on the stoop, but there also a lot of gardening action going on chez GWI—even in late October.
If you found out your son was going to be born like Arson, burning from the inside, how would you react?
"Quit worrying about the truth all the time. Worry about yourself."
Then some idiot walks by
As for what I brought home?
Add to the mix that Tyson Chandler is shell of himself as he is suffering with the flu. Now, three games into the series, the Knicks find themselves without three of their best players going against three of the best players in LeBron James, Dwyane Wade and Chris Bosh.
Peter agreed with me about not having a relationship.
“When I heard that The Avengers comes out a week earlier, I was like… is this real life??”
It’s official! Blair and Dan are now a couple! Yeah! Dair fans all around rejoice! Kidding aside, I just love these two together, their banter is so great! However, it wasn’t all fun and games just yet. You see, a month has passed in the Gossip Girl world and they haven’t had sex yet. Something or someone (cough*Lily and Rufus*cough) always gets in the way. But finally they rent a hotel room. Cut to moments later and the two are staring at the ceiling, looking weird. Oups! It looks like the sex was kind of not good. Poor Lonely Boy! Of course, they ignore it and instead get drunk and talk to both Nate and Dorota respectively. By the way, how hilarious was Dorota and her sex advice? I am kind of scared of her now! Anyway, the two arrive at Ivy’s party (more on that later) completely drunk. They finally admit the sex was bad and one thing leads to another…they decide to not give up and end up having sex in the elevator! I got to say, that was pretty hot! Plus, they’re already hilarious but drunk? Just perfection! We will see how long it lasts but right now I’m enjoying the ride.
right near closing time
A good Norwegian Fish Whipping...
So, I’m not too happy with this type of debate, trying to blame one versus the other, so, but — most likely we’re going to continue to have this problem unless we straighten out the economy. And that means…
“She’s not there. I know because I….”
Flower Tips from the Present
The meeting is the most important part in my opinion as this is where you really start building a rapport with your customer. I always insist, if possible, for a pre shoot meeting, as there is nothing worse than going into a shoot ‘cold’. You spend the first 45 minutes building your rapport and eating into studio time. Find out about your customers’ likes/dislikes; any hobbies that they may have; favourite television shows – use the basics of who/what/where/why/when/how and most important listen to them. By the end of your meeting you should be feeling comfortable with each others’ company and have built enough of a rapport to be able to begin your shoot as soon as possible on the day.
I have been a fan of Sheri Holman since The Dress Lodger (2000). I have read that book at least three times, have bought it for friends for graduation gifts, and have loaned it to others. Suffice it to say that I love that book.
Avec une main immobilisée par une attèle, il est impossible de tenir le cintre de façon normale. Bien sûr, il est hors de question de rouler sur route... Je dois donc me contenter de séances sur home trainer. Pour éviter tout report de poids excessif sur mon côté droit (c'est ma main gauche qui est cassée), il faut donc que j'utilise mon vélo-de-contre la montre et que je repose mes avant-bras sur les extensions, dans ma position normale de chrono. C'est une position exigeante et pas facile à tenir dans la durée, mais ce travail imprévu me sera très utile lors des contre-la-montre que je vais courir cette année, tout particulièrement celui des championnats du club qui est assez long (30km).
I listed the first two in the Etsy shop today, and I must say, I am having a hard time with some of the changes they are implementing. I used to be able to put in pretty long tag names, but now "image transfer jewelry" is too long, and apparently "romantic" isn't an official style. Romantic and ultra-feminine is what I was going for in creating these. I think they are really dreamy.
Should we give our hearts to a dog to tear?
This second DVD (Bitch Slap) I got for some of the actors that are in this. Most of the main cast members from the Hercules: The Legendary Journeys and Xena: Warrior Princess - Kevin Sorbo, Lucy Lawless, Michael Hurst, Renee O' Connor and Ted Raimi have supporting roles in this film. I think most of them are small cameos or supporting roles that many movie watchers consider "small roles" or "unimportant" roles.
Aside from the health benefits of a great full body workout, the application of the art in actual combat, the confidence boost, it is the camaraderie that one gets to experience in Sifu Yuri’s school that can be treasured (Sifu Yuri prefers not to be addressed as Sifu since he believes he will always be a student, who’s further developing and learning).
creative and I get to capture all of the little moments that might
“Chanyeol is nice, he gave me chocolate.” *A baby who could just believe a person because of chocolate* Baekhyun clenched his fists, try to convince Xiu Min. But this guy in front of him doesn’t give any reaction. Xiu Min just be motionless and sighed.
Friday will be the next day we run and it will be our Week 2 day 3 of the couch to 5k program. I am a little discouraged because my weight isn’t moving, but I know the inches are shifting!
Natalie picked out a backpack on looks, Katie picked out a backpack on size. She went through three backpacks last year. I continually reminded her that she didn't need to bring everything home, but she insisted. She picked out one this year that she was sure to be able to carry her school supplies to and from school every day that wouldn't tear up. And even though she rarely pulls all the stuff out that she carries home and to school everyday, she is a happy camper knowing it is tucked away neatly in her backpack.
Dies
Two years ago, 2 young minds had an idea. Working in the monotonous IT job at a MNC was just not satisfying enough for their hungry souls. They worked part time for the most part of their first one year, on web apps. Worked for the money during the day, and at nights followed their hearts and worked for passion. These lads out of nowhere mustered the courage to quit their jobs, and decided to embark on a journey. Packed their bags and with a truckload of ideas, decided that it was time to start something of their own. Voila, InoVVorX was officially born.
Drops down, rises up –
And I just think it is a lot of fun to get random, surprise fruits and veggies, to learn to incorporate into our meals!
and because it is my heart.”
succumb it is my mission
then fall in love.”
the details.
What a stink'in good deal, right?
If the stress of losing her job and looking down a black hole instead of a career does cause Stacey Soloman enough stress to lose her baby then I am sure they will just blame the two cigarettes a day she smoked without seeing the damage they have done.
* Did you KNOW? When you plant Heirloom plants-whether flowers/trees OR FRUITS and Veggies, you are preserving diversity in your gardens AND for our planet.
My iPod(s)
Glue (any glue will work for this, so use what you have on hand or just buy a cheap all purpose glue. I generally spread mine thin with a paint brush, so a cheap one of those helps too but is not necessary)
And last: Lifa, Eirina's daughter
Washington – 33.2 percent, 34.2 percent
ABV 4.8 %
7. To neaten and flatten the edges, I have used an embossing wheel to create a decorative border. There are no mats underneath my metal for this, just some scrap paper as I want to flatten the edge not emboss it.
"As the Father loves me, so I also love you.
I'll be back on track with lots of posts about mommyhood, cloth diapers, and Emma's first birthday soon!!
Another important note: Roast, Inc. uses only natural sweeteners and flavorings in their specialty coffee drinks, including maple syrup and agave nectar. They even make a Nutella latte with nothing but espresso, steamed milk, and Nutella. It was pretty amazing.
While she is a role model for seniors, old age is catching up and her heart is crapping out. We can expect the heart attacks to become frequent. For us though, the frequency is going to be the issue. Although for her it’s like passing out, it’s still taxing on her body and we’re not going to let her suffer. Having had two different vets assess her now though is comforting slightly. He said we’re looking at about two weeks and need to prepare ourselves. Lindsay and I have been expecting this. We’ve been watching her deteriorate which is why it was such a shock to hear how great she was at her check up, although she was doing great there too hence the same dilemma.
she exclaimed,
Increase oven to 400°F.
hidden in The Silent Wood,
Les sous-diacres coiffés d'un feutre en lampion
- Karl Rominger, Jerry Sandusky's newest, ahem, attorny stating the facts
3. Fucking Wartorn
If you live in Orange County, Bristol Farms in Corona del Mar flies in quarters of Poilâne loaves each Thursday; they will slice it for you and I then pop it in the freezer. I think other Bristol Farms stores also import, but you will have to check. I am going to take a bread-making class this spring at the bakery, and understand that I am not being trop snob about the bread, I am on the quest for a good authentic bread. Suggestions, recipes?? All are welcome!!
It IS scary to buck these systems. I certainly don’t all the time. Just to get by in daily life, there are some concessions everyone has to make to the great grist mill. But I don’t kid myself that those choices empower me. My true power comes in knowing that I choose what I do every day in a way that will ultimately make me strong enough that I won’t feel forced to make those choices. And it would be really, really nice if the rest of us who exist in this power-imbalanced world approached things the same way. If you feel you need to shave or wear makeup or whatever in order to get through life, then do so. Just don’t kid yourself that you’re doing those things because you really want to, and that any pressure to get you to rethink those choices is merely an edict from the humorless feminist old guard designed to limit your autonomy.
Today's Plan:
Monday morning - I have the same recurring real life nightmare, and it always starts with me thumping my own steering wheel as the splash of rain water goes over my car. Inevitably, a 4our wheel drive will have just cut me off in traffic, and as I sit in my impotently furious state of middle class futility, a bus will push to a grinding halt somewhere in the middle distance. This will be adorned with a carefully managed publicity shot of 2wo radio Djs, both looking pleased with themselves for transporting jocularity into the ears of the nation. 1ne of them is dating a supermodel. I don't know a supermodel. I barely know a model let alone 1ne adorned with an affixation at the start of her profession. I pashed a Queens Quest contestant 1nce outside the Penguin football ground. Well, try saying that in southern Tasmania. No 1ne knows what the NWFU is, never mind the Queens Quest competition, and in the age of sexual freedom that is early 2tyteens Hobart, simply saying you pashed some1ne is a yawn extracting story. The radio DJs are thus able to in a single carefully staged publicity shot on the back of a Metro bus rub into me that my Mondays aren't filled with supermodel relationships or carefully stage managed pranks. They are filled with sharp left turns and showers that never seem to end however. My work installed a form of instant messenger to the computer last week, but that won't impress many at Vienna fashion week. Someone has scribbled under their moniker and logo on this particular bus the words ARE DICKHEADS in a sort of Verdana font style of graffiti, which is such a small victory against the forces of celebrity, it must be celebrated. The bus will pull off into the distance, I'll slam my brakes angrily because I've been held up at a red light, and there I will sit in the mid morning traffic helplessly unable to do anything about it. I think at these moments of some sort of overly dramatic u-turn that results in me heading to spend a day at the beach, but I never have, and I probably never will. There's a guy next to me at the lights with the same sense of futility, and some horn rimmed glasses only ever worn by nerds about to have a milkshake poured over their heads in an American teen comedy, and in a hopelessly pointless moment of maledom, we have a race at the lights. It's not a deliberate race, merely time killing engine roaring, and in a summation of our futile middle class position in life, a blonde girl with pink lippy roars past us in Daddy’s car, in a plume of smoke and youthful swagger. The metaphor is blinding, and the fact that she nearly ploughs straight into the back of another DJ infected bus and has to brake sharply is, as they say, a mere detail...
I'll sure as hell retaliate
My physical body started to have aches and discomfort associated with it again. (See yesterdays blog here: Insights From My Massage Table)
~new farmhouse sink
So, once I painted it a satin ivory, I played up the age and made all that chipped veneer sing with some Tea Stained glaze from Ralph Lauren.
The Lady Moyra Campbell , one of the Queen's maids of honour described the service below:
A retired senior police officer, a superintendent, told the commission: 'It is now the norm to arrest offenders for everything if there is a power to do so.
3. I see you lived in Seneca Falls, NY, near my home of Rochester, NY. What were you doing in the Falls? Will any of your books take place in or around Rochester?
Maybe it's not pleurisy.
Some sacrifices should never be made—even for love.
Is It So Hard To Raise Boys?
1/2 cup shredded Parmesan cheese
Two goals in the first half in quick succession for each side were the highlights of a tight midfield battle, where Pitso Mosimane’s youthful charges did well to hold the visitors, who are one of the favourites for the African Nations Cup.
And the back of the box with my personal stamp that I love so much. I always stamp it twice, once on my coloring paper and once on matching Design Paper, this way I can cut out the heart and have everything match... such a perfect finish!! You can buy yours HERE. The box is filled with "framboosjes" traditional Dutch raspberry flavoured candy. Hope she likes them :) and hope you like my project of course!!! On the Whimsy Stamps blog there is more inspiration from the team with the April release. Enjoy!!
Today I had no fewer than four people at work tell me I looked really tired. That's always comforting to hear...
Entry fee is €5 per play. First prize €300; €50 each for the four runners-up, with a €100 audience prize for the best play (decided on votes by the audience).
May Scheduled Events:
Onward and upward...
It would be unfair to give away too much. Will Alex find his family? Will he figure out how to survive in this new and dangerous landscape? What will happen to the U.S. in the aftermath of this horrific eruption? We get a great story full of action and terror, and the promise of more with the reveal at the end. I can't wait for the next installation in this series!
4. Perhaps Longenecker has confused the Septuagint with the version done by Aquila, which does have the word μονογενής here. There are a number of such careless errors of fact in Longenecker’s article. He states that “in Genesis 22:2, 12, 16, and Jubilees 18:2, 11, 15 (possibly also Jos. Antiq. 1:222), monogenes is used of Isaac in the sense of Abraham’s ‘favored,’ ‘chosen,’ or ‘unique’ son, vis-a-vis Ishmael.” (pp. 121-22.) But in fact the Septuagint does not have the word μονογενής in Genesis 22. It has the word αγαπητος, “beloved.” The word μονογενής does not occur at all in the Pentateuch of the Septuagint. It is hard to understand why Longenecker is citing Jubilees here, because there is no extant Greek text for the Book of Jubilees. And the manuscripts of the Ethiopic version of this book (upon which we rely for any indication of the wording in the lost Greek version) do not indicate μονογενής in the places Longenecker cites. They indicate αγαπητος (in line with the Septuagint version of Genesis 22) or πρωτοτοκος “first born.” Probably Longenecker just assumed that the Septuagint used the word in reference to Isaac in Genesis 22 because the Epistle to the Hebrews (which often quotes from the Septuagint) uses the word in reference to Isaac in 11:17. But strangely, later in the same paragraph he writes, “the LXX also renders yahid by agapetos (Gen. 22:2, 12, 16 …”, which seems to indicate that he was aware of the fact that the Septuagint uses αγαπητος instead of μονογενής in Genesis 22. In the same paragraph he also asserts that “in Psalms of Solomon 18:4 and Ezra 6:58, Israel is referred to as both prototokos and God’s monogenes” (p. 122), but there is no “Ezra 6:58.” Evidently in this case he has been confused by a statement in Büchsel’s article in the TDNT, which says that “There is a striking use of μονογενής in Ps.Sol. 18:4 : ‘Thy chastisement comes upon us (in love) as the first born and the only begotten son.’ With this may be compared 4 Esr. 6:58 : ‘But we, thy people, whom thou hast called the first born, the only begotten, the dearest friend, are given up into their hands.’” Here Büchsel is referring to the Latin text of Fourth Esdras (also called Second Esdras), a book for which there is no extant Greek text. Apparently Longenecker mistook it for a reference to the Greek text of the canonical book of Ezra in the Septuagint. Longenecker does not seem to have looked at the texts he refers to; he is instead relying upon secondary sources, which we misunderstands, and so he misleads the reader into thinking that the word μονογενής is present in the cited texts.
When meditators access a stillness within them that is focused in the present moment — the Now — they also often access a deeper form of awareness. This depth awareness links them to their inner or higher Self — the part of them that perceives things from a higher and wiser perspective. Access to the Self is the goal of most meditative practices and yields what I call deep consciousness.
The “individual” pies can generously serve two normal people (especially if you start with an app or salad), and we even shared one between the three of us after a filling salad and weren’t hungry… be advised…
AND, since I never wear skirts and wanted to try one, this striped skirt jumped out at me. I'm soooooo loving it, so comfy, great fabric. I have to say the "convertible" part of the skirt, a band where you can fold over, under, scrunch...is not my favorite. Being a bigger girl, the damn thing always moves and the skirt inches north, you know?! But, I tacked it down with some thread and WAHLA, problem solved, no more readjustments every minute.
Simply put, the plan consists of 3 quality runs plus 2 aerobic cross training workouts per week. The three quality runs are (1) track repeats, (2) a tempo run (6 – 8 miles at a pace faster than my marathon pace), and (3) a long run. The intent of the runs is to improve endurance, lactate-threshold running pace, and leg speed. The cross training days allow me to recover from the runs, while still giving me the aerobic training I need to prepare for the marathon. The cross training must not be non-weight-bearing in order to allow the legs to recover from the runs. I choose to swim 60 – 90 minutes with a Masters team for my cross training.
And as the years float by and as I look back through the haze,
Oh good – I can be as daft as I like … wonder who will spot the inspiration for this one!
Cashews:7 to 8
And how precious is this one?!?!?
Note: It was a really hot summer day. Add to that the heat from the fire and it must have been sweltering in that uniform!
Can't explain to you what would have happened if I had fielded that call. I think that is why P gives people his cell number now instead of the home phone. I can tell you that the laws of physics would have been broken and her head would have somehow ended up on my side of the phone.
Then laugh at how cheesy that was and high-five before actually parting ways.
The question was: what did eliminating it achieve for key areas like child poverty, education, female empowerment and sustainable economic development? Answer: Not much, in fact it did more harm than good. This was according to an academic who had worked on/researched the case itself in Pakistan.
If you are aggravating to buck an egg and accept a Pokemon with the Magma Armor or Flame Physique adeptness in your party, afresh it will cut the buck time in half.
What do you think? Can I call that feeling “good envy”? Any suggestions? :D
The only part of this message that I'm a little blurry on
If you’ve had something on your To Do List for one week or more, DELETE IT off your list, go on do it. You will feel a lot better about it not being there every morning when you look at it and it will save you the time of shifting it to the next day, then the next day, then the next day in your diary whilst also feeling rubbish that you still haven’t done it.
More Barsoomian beefcake! These scans are from Warlord of Mars #4 in which our hunky hero finally gets some decent clothes! Well, decent by Barsoom standards that is. Its basically a red speedo with a lot of accessories.
She always believed he was her destiny—but what if fate has other plans?
It’s funny how it took this long for it to hit me. The last few days have been very successful. We got a new cell phone, our bank cards and bus passes. but it wasn’t these things that impacted me.
These days, people give up one vice for Lent, and although I am an atheist, I do see the spiritual worth in giving up something. Back in the day, when I used to smoke, I would try and forego cigarettes but without much success. These days I don’t bother, so I suppose I’m going straight to Hell; at least there’ll be plenty of parsnips and carrots down there to roast by the fire and brimstone…
This week, I heard Ed Milliband and his team mention the words 'vested interests' in the sort of tone that suggests they're against them. There was a bit of muttering about energy companies and supermarkets. There are a range of consumerist, corporate and monopolitstic targets I was hoping to hear added to the list.
The conference also will debut a 10-minute documentary film about solar energy development in Arizona, including a segment about the great progress in Gila Bend, a town about 70 miles southwest of the Phoenix metropolitan area. Town Manager Frederick Buss will join the panel of public utilities commissioners discussing the creation of a Southwestern market for renewable energy.
The vast earth-changing Keystone XL pipeline project — ripping up the tar sands of the Northlands and then pumping the toxic goo thousands of miles over fertile but fragile land to the Gulf of Mexico — was supposed to be on hold. But TransCanada, the foreign-owned corporation, continues aggressively to shove, spurt and snake parts of the pipeline forward.
For Poppa to come for a sleepover ... we better keep the eggs away from him!
The film is sly and is not more than the basic idea. A Hollywood silent films star is catch unawares by the advent of sound and, without understanding the revolution, foolishly insist to produce and interpret silent movies. He falls into financial ruin and distress, psychological and existential, but is saved at the last moment by a girl, a young diva of speaking singing screaming cinema. A girl who has always loved George Valentin (that is the name of protagonist: any resemblance to real persons like Rodolfo Valentino is not purely coincidental), when she was an adoring spectator of his films, and now, after having saved George from ruin, will help him to enter in the new cinema. Happy ending.
WOO HOO!!!!
She may be a dreamer, but the fierce passion and strong creativity that comes along with that have led her to a very sweet reality. The singer-songwriter dropped a new EP, Talk To Me, on April 3, has two more slated for later this year, and seems to have found her niche in piano-driven pop-rock with a fiesty flair. We had a chance to catch up with the animated songstress, and our chat has yielded one of PV's more empowering Q&A's. Here she talks fantasy vs. reality, making peace with your life's journey, and the powerful connection music can bring. Check it out.
“I felt so proud to be there. I felt like I was getting a chance to be among my heroes. It’s funny too because a lot of them are SO younger than me.”
RR: Register Reward. Walgreens’ version of catalinas that yield a dollar amount off a future transaction. It cannot be used to buy multiples of the same RR-producing item. (More on this to come.) Can only be used at Walgreens.
love my job!
MikeBarnes
In many ways, it’s classic Méliès. It’s a fantasy film, about an unlikely quest undertaken by a gaggle of undignified scientists, traveling in an absurd machine. This is the plot (such as it is) of the director’s most famous films, A Trip to the Moon (1902) and The Impossible Voyage (1904). Conquest depicts a relatively modest trip to the North Pole in a strange, hawk-headed monoplane. But at 30 minutes—three times the length of A Trip to the Moon—it’s ambitious in a different way.
I have yet to do the necessary cross-linking between the various places in which I put eDiscovery information. At the moment, it makes more sense to push the stuff out there and worry in due course about making a cohesive whole out of it.
:: the new Step By Step Wire magazine is out with my latest Color Canvas piece... I'm looking forward to sharing that with you soon
Goodness doesn't die
The crooked clasp of these clutching buildings will give the greenspace the feeling of a series of possessed and cramped crannies. Increasing the feeling of possession will be the way the Atlantic Yards buildings will stand in all ways starkly apart from the community that they have bullied their way into. Unlike the seamless melding in Battery Park City where all the buildings are clearly unique while being obviously part of the overall community, the Atlantic Yards buildings will have nothing in common with the surrounding community: Designed and brought to you by a single architect and a single developer, they will interlope like a cadre of troops all arrayed in a set unfamiliar uniforms. This will create a we/they dialogue with the neighboring buildings much the way that Peter Cooper, Stuyvesant Town or so many other standard issue old-style-vernacular housing developments don’t integrate with their community or psychologically share their landscaping.
The best thing we can do is speak up. There have been multiple victories when it comes to BSL, including Ohio recently declaring it unconstitutional. If enough people make noise and step forward to prove that breed-neutral dangerous dog laws and regulations would be much safer and more effective than outright breed bans, lawmakers will listen. Change is possible, and with more education and advocacy on the topic, better days will come. If you have any questions about breed discrimination, feel free to email me at peacelovefoster@gmail.com.
As a teenager in Staffordshire I spent my time at school,
'Is this the one?' I asked.
50 pounds of local honey added to boil
A tanker sustained a large hole the size of a billboard on Saturday after it collided with a barge in Port Arthur, Texas, releasing a very large amount of crude oil into the water, the U.S. Coast Guard said.
Anyway, I had the idea to use AB clear Japanese glass drops and make them look like little drops of water. In reality, the drops turned into little "nubbies" which I find to be quite awesome.
Ancient Sudan
I think it has to do with the *Spoilers* portion of my title. It’s definitely not my favorite book in the series. It wasn’t even one of my more well written posts. I put it up hoping to ignite discussion about all the questions Kate left us with in this title. Sadly there was no discussion to be had! Apparently people prefer to ponder my questions silently…because while they enjoy reading the page, they’re not so hot on answering. I guess they’re all puzzled by Kate’s Angel conundrum as well…
lemon && mint… are a delicious combo. peppermint tea mixed with a li’l lemon juice.. or a mojito with lemon instead of lime? yuuuuuuuum.
But then I walked again. My heart just wasn't in it anymore. The more I walked the more I watched my 2:00 goal slip away. I tried to readjust my expectations. I tried to run. But I just couldn't. I just wanted to be done.
13I am Alpha and Omega, the beginning and the end, the first and the last.
33. Do you smile a lot? YES
Before Knox turns 2 (he was 15 months last week!), I think I should finally get around to sharing photos of his first birthday party hosted back in October. I settled on a super hero theme after looking in Knox's closet one day and realizing he had quite the assortment of super hero shirts.
Hear Ye! Hear Ye! – Change is coming – What will your headlines say?
And it was pretty easy! My main problem was lack of moisture and too much heat. Before learning the tricks of the trade I was just washing my hair, conditioning for a few minutes and then frying it. Which is fine if you want to be bald eventually. But if you don’t more care is needed.
It would, however, be better to say that Paul, being a Hebrew, borrowed this from the idiom of the Hebrews. For he is alluding to Jer 17:16, where Jeremiah, being mocked and persecuted because of his prophecies, says: “Neither have I desired man’s day; Thou knowest.” The day of man is that wherein man prospers, and is honoured and praised by all as powerful, happy, and enviable. Jeremiah’s meaning, then, is: “I have not desired longer life, prosperity, riches, honours, pleasures, or the applauses of men; for if I had looked for such things I should not have prophesied to them of sadness and disaster, but I should have praised their glory and their lusts; but this I did not do, nor desired man’s day or his applause. For I know that man is but frail and miserable, and quickly to vanish away in death with all his goods and glory. Knowing this and recollecting it, I have not desired to please man in my prophecies and teachings, but to please and obey Thee, alone, O God, and to win commendation from none but Thee, and I call upon Thee to be my witness to this by saying, ‘Thou knowest,’ just as Job did when he said (Job 16:19), ‘Behold, my witness is in heaven, and my record is on high.’”
The quickest and best jobs are accomplished when there are no distractions.
06.Bionicle feat. Psalm One (Radio Edit)
Anyway, what was my point? I needed to stop working there before it destroyed me. The creativity, as they say, had to get me. And get me it did.
hum madly.
b) enormous amount of PGCE assignment work required
This spinach dip is the cold version - similar to the one notoriously made with a packet of dry vegetable soup mix. Gosh, I loved that stuff. Ate the whole bowl myself every time I made it. That is, until I actually read the ingredients on the vegetable soup mix labels of various brands; along with a few dehydrated vegetables, the mixes are riddled with ingredients such as monosodium glutamate, maltodextrin, hydrolyzed corn protein, disodium guanylate, disodium inosinate, partially hydrogenated soybean oil...you get the picture. While googling, I saw that some even came with warnings not to feed their mix to children under 1 year old.
An American friend much younger than me said – when I first spotted Obama’s star quality in 2007 – “this guy can charm the ass off a Goddamned elephant”, and he was right. Barack Obama had and has star quality thanks to his looks, build, immaculate dress-sense, and amazing gift for oratory. But I have always seen him as the black Blair – perfect in form, and devoid of content. He told us towards the end of his stay that we were the best and closest of America’s allies. He said the same thing to the French last year. And tonight (Saturday) he has said the same thing to the Poles.
There's always a debate burbling in the background about stylistic definitions but my life is too short to go there. These are the categories the organisers have defined and we've got to live with them, however vague they are.
Two lucky winners. Value: $5.99 each
Scientific Advisors: Dr. Rogel Villanueva Gutierrez, ECOSUR, Chetumal, QR, Mexico. Dr. David Roubik, Smithsonian Tropical Research Institute, Panama City, Republic of Panama.
The cast of THE WINTER’S TALE includes Philip Bennet, James Cockrell, Patty Gallagher, Marissa Garcia, David Greenwood, Christopher Johnson, Avis Judd, Kathryn Kellner, Chris Koval, Julian Martinez, Joseph McGrath, Steve McKee, David Morden, Dylan Page, Lee Rayment, Dallas Thomas, Dan Thomson and Matt Walley, with musicians Paul Amiel, Dawn Sellers and Anton Shekerjiev.
Dusty's issues had subplots, to be kind
22-25 years old: I was in North Carolina. There were no tornadoes. And I never got a hurricane, and I didn’t have a basement, so I didn’t really have to worry about it. I would have taken my jewelry box, items from a boyfriend, Teddy Bear, the quilt I made with my friend Joy, and I began taking my flash drives with all my writing on them. Because you can bet your ass that I was quitting school if I lost my thesis and had to start over.
“Are you willing to renounce your belief?”
Since guerrilla marketers don’t have unlimited funds, they must employ smarter rather than harder ways to work. This is done through the full use of time, energy, information, knowledge and, most of all, imagination.
Cilantro Garlic Coulis
Other than taking pictures I've pretty much just been going to school and sewing. I'm having a blast with serger sewing up shirts.
-Be content with what you have;
What do you do when your garbage company doesn't pick up the trash? Thanks to some monetary changes, the county changed who picks up our trash. And for two weeks now they haven't come when they should.
alleged conspiracy, forgery and
We really like this pasta as an alternative, while it's not 100% whole wheat it does contain all kinds of healthy vitamins, and it does not have that whole wheat chewy factor that I just can't get past ;( We eat pasta pretty regularly as we only eat meat once or twice a week so this is a great alternative.
And then –something unexpected happened to my father on the bus trip home. When I first heard his account, I didn’t know what to think. I listened and promptly forgot about it. Only when my father repeated the narrative did I begin to take it seriously.
Won it over and surrendered me
In his budget speech, the finance minister unveiled new policies to revive agriculture, diversify export products and markets and attract investors by relaxing foreign investment laws. Still, such policies can bring relief only if the economies of the country’s key trading partners — the US, European Union and South Africa — recover.
Honey: Okay, let's go home...
There's no denying that 80% of my excitement for attending Creative Estates was to rub shoulders with the best of the best crafty bloggers... The other 20% was the excitement to learn new things haha. If I'm lyin' I'm dyin'..
“Yes, as through this world I’ve wandered
Just across the parking lot is a big box hardware store. I needed to pick up a door knocker for one of my projects. A quick in and out I told myself. No drama. Get the thing, stand in line, pay, leave. It didn't happen. I did not want to sign up to have all my current and future purchases captured in their data base. I did not want a store credit card. I did not want to disburse my phone numbers or e-mail addresses. I did not want to be data mined. A fact which I mentioned to the nice man who was trying his best to recruit my participation. Nice Man sighed saying, " We all have to open cards or get program signee quotas to keep our jobs. Are you sure you don't want to enroll?" I declined. I hope Nice Man keeps his job. I hope dog food cashier keeps hers too. If they don't I hope they will sue their former employers for the good of us all.
* Providing educational resources for voter education.
7. It is perfectly normal and accepted to disagree with others online. However, disagreements can be handled with tact. Unless you do want some major attention, fighting online probably isn't a good idea. Fighting in offline doesn't accomplish much either.
This is not the exhaustive list but merely a flavour...
Bay leaf - 1
Take a shower.
Las Vegas, NV 89119
“How do you know so much about this stuff?”
Passion chased
is my mom going to be ok... or is she next?
Using my stash! Whoot Whoot!!
He feels that to the bottom of his soul. He’s always figured he’d go first. He never let himself imagine this. Maybe because it was too damn painful. He rubs at his chest but nothing is going to ease the ache, nothing is going to comfort him. Not any more.
2. Minneola tangelos or organic navel oranges, .49/lb. at Sun Harvest (through 4/13/11)
The jail cell is a valuable piece of Hays County history but for generations it has been shuffled around the county. It needs a permanent home where it can be restored and appreciated, Preservation Texas argues. Local advocates are working to raise funds and to increase public support to preserve the moveable jail cell in order to tell a broader story of the county’s history.
He sounds more Welsh when he's annoyed, or drunk, but he can call me 'sweetheart' in whatever language he wants, it's not helping.
request guidance on what the Committee thinks about staining the front of the brick or
The slide wiped out part of the path which runs through the Sculpture Trail, just west of Brett’s Oils, leaving a mound of mud in the river.
Somehow they manage to get up for food, but apart from that it can seem that for quite some time they're not doing much else. And you know what? That's OK! In fact, I think it's probably exactly what they need.
And they're getting louder.
There’s some interesting stuff here, but I think he tends to (rather Searle-like) skip very quickly past the obvious problems with his theories, and dive into the complex and arguable ones instead. Admittedly those are more fun :) but…
Wash it.
Why is it that the computer has a way of making itself appear incredibly difficult until you know how? I’ve had friends who, not so long ago, were bewildered about how to use an email account but now they’re emailing as if it’s the easiest thing in the world, which of course it is… when you know how. Some of my friends are now wary of launching themselves into the blogging world because they’re not sure they know how. One of those friends has
Does this mean I want to jump out of airplanes?
Last year, the State argued that Mdluli, who commanded the Vosloorus police station’s detective branch between 1997 and 1999, got his junior officers to help him hunt down, kidnap and kill his girlfriend’s new husband, Oupa Ramogibe, in the late 1990s.
But equally, more than a few priests and bishops in this country continue to strongly oppose and obstruct the spread of the Extraordinary Form; more than a few continue to reject the legitimate requests of groups wanting the Traditional Latin Mass as an option.
Todd worked late that night and by the time he had come home, I had already run to the store to find something to share the news with him in a special way. I found a Christmasy onesie that looked like a present. It read "Mom and Dad's best gift ever!" I folded it with the pregnancy test inside and put it in a bag for him to open. When the test fell out of the onesie, he saw the news. That beautiful positive sign that we had so ached to see. "Is this you?" He stared at me in disbelief. "Yes, baby. It's me. It's us. It's finally our time."
There are nine puppies in the litter, and I get 4th choice.
Geese are nesting right now, said Birnkrant, so it’s both adult geese and goslings that will be killed under Gillibrand's plan.
I can't deny that the three (whole foods, fitness and good health) are entwined. I love a good chocolate bread pudding just like the next guy, but in general I make an effort to select the best choices I can. Without good health, living life to the fullest is a far greater challenge.
Williams Bros 7 Giraffes Extraordinary Ale 5% promised an eclectic blend of 7 varieties of malted barley, fresh cone hops, elderflowers & lemon zest. Crikey, but what’s it like? Refreshing, aromatic & quite moreish. A sweet hoppy smell, then a bitter hit with a light floral sweetness and lasting lingering bitterness on the tongue. The hops dominate. It’s a full bitter hit for my palate, with a more subtle malt quality. I liked it though, something different and not half bad.
And turn our lives
Always a great selection of exhibitors, demonstrations, and stalls to buy from. My 4 year old son has to be dragged away from the cheese producers freebies, and we always succumb to either the hot pork rolls or the Thai dishes and soups.
THIS, (52% of Republicans Want a Third Party) should scare the hell out of the republican leadership, such that it is, if only to wake up and get with the program.
Snowman's Prayer
Anyway, we were talking about sociology, eschatology, theology, and on a practical note, what people do every day to make a difference in the world… AND does it work?
'finished' and I've done enough.......
I reached down to my breasts. “That won’t work, lady. Once a whore, always a whore”, he spat, and then lifted his scythe to kill me. “Zero in on one object - just like an eagle, Lois”, I heard someone say. So I pulled out the Colt .45 taped inside my bra and shot straight into the smile on The Grinning Scarecrow’s mask. The last thing I heard was noise from the car radio. THKSQKTITCHSKRL!....
If you’re heading to Nashville too, I hope to see you. Please stop and say hi!!!!! And I will really miss everyone who isn’t going. Isn’t it a bummer that we live so far apart?
British actor
This will be one of the toughest, and closest elections since Al Gore “won” back in 2000, especially if independents and undecided voters continue to shy from a final presidential decision. And all this intense political heat is being felt at every Obama HQ across the nation, even here in New York City. This past week we have raised our cap of weekly contacted undecided voters by more than 300, and many of us here have begun shipping out to Pensilvania in droves! While I won’t be doing so due to college trips and what not, I will be heading to PA in the following weeks.
The entire job was completed and we called it a day at 4pm.
Finally, this work serves as a preliminary exercise to command work such as asking a child to bring you a horse from the farm or, when working with the golden bead material, bring you a quantity such as 3,654. It develops in the child an ability to hold information in their mind and to maintain that information as they move through a socially charged environment, the classroom.
Mother: I know, it's pretty. I like it.
In last year's rundown, ILFA counted 21 new businesses (with 7 more coming soon), 17 renovations, and 15 closings (including two new and two renovated businesses) along Franklin since summer 2008. This year, with 6 out of those 7 projects completed and another 8 businesses open, the grand totals since 2008 look like this: 35 new businesses (with 5 more coming soon), 21 renovations (completed or in progress), and 19 closings (including three new and three renovated businesses). The complete lists look like this:
Forever more.
I also checked out Gorgeous Fabrics, a slightly more expensive alternative. They also have lovely shirting for sale, in the $10/yd. range. This petit houndstooth in burgundy is simple and beautiful.
After obtaining a degree in Vocal Performance from the Manhattan School of Music, and years of pursuing a career on the stage, Jerrica left the “glamorous” life of an actress in favor of writing romance. She continues to reside in the New York City area with her husband, cat, and precious daughter.
By Fred
One of the reasons I've been away is that I've been hunting for a new job. There's a whole week's worth of posts behind the reasons, but I'm not going into those right now. I've had a couple very positive interviews, so while I'm waiting for the phone to ring, I'm starting the search for my replacement.
this past week i got together with one of the bestest girlfriends i have. we ran exactly two miles, her iphone told us so. we definitely stop our run mid stride as iphone said "two miles" (think computer voice). then ate at skillet diner. im pretty sure we didnt burn as many calories as we ate. but it was totally worth it. i had the pork belly & cornmeal waffle. my cute date had skillet version of the mcgriddle, which is my FAVORITE breakfast item at mcdonalds- well other than hasbrowns, thats off subject but anyways, back to her meal- she had the little rob. we both had a couple cups of fonte coffee. she also had bloody mary. my waffle was light and fluffy and the pork belly was juicy and tender. mixed with the slightly runny eggs, i was in heaven.
Chicago- 25 or 6 to 4 (Chicago LP- 1970)
Schedule: 1pm: bring seeds/plants, volunteers organize seeds/plants; 1:45pm: announcements; 2pm: participants pick up seeds and plants to take home.
Part of why we’re here
Price: $3.79
5. The Holy Spirit still lives in us.
1sweet potato, peeled and cut into cubes, boiled until just cooked, drained well
Today marks my final post on the blog.
'Horrid Henry Meets The Queen' was originally published in the collection of that title, but appears here for the first time in a single volume with brand-new full colour illustrations.
Long top with pretty mesh lace sleeves
1 coat Poshe
Right now, I don’t have ready access to these seemingly essential tools of office work. I don’t know whether we just have a shortage, or whether there might be some safety issue involved. I feel I’ve demonstrated a level of responsibility during my 30-plus years with the company to show I can be trusted to handle sharp instruments. If there is some training involved in how to properly attach one piece of paper to another, I’d be eager to learn. I believe learning is a lifelong pursuit and am always eager to gain new skills.
These rulings display a shocking level of negligence and incompetence, and highlight serious failures in the management and selection of Eulex’s staff. This could even be too generous a conclusion, because credible information suggests that the arrest of the governor was perhaps unwarranted. If so, those breaches of Rexepi’s right to a fair trial could imply a cover-up.
6. Stay flexible and go with the flow. Don’t be stuck on one thing.
Interesting, eh?
She said: ‘I grabbed the blade and just refused to let go of it. He tried to pull it away from me and in doing so he cut through 40 per cent of the tendons in my hands and almost severed a thumb.’
By asking questions based on curiosity we also help create an environment conducive to honesty and openness. Before I suggested that the questions “Is it OK to hit your kids?” assumes a correct answer. I think it actually depends on how you ask the question. We can ask the question in a way that is expecting people to say “no it is not”. We can, however, also ask it in a way that really allows people to have their own opinions and encourages honesty. If we have set up the workshop well, participants will know that we aren’t coming in with all the answers and that we respect their opinions and experiences. We can then ask some genuine questions, making sure that our tone is non-judgemental and curious, along the lines of “I’m wondering if you think it is ever OK to hit our kids?” “What limits should there be to hitting our kids?” “How else can we set limits for our kids?”
The nothing like it Straw-lution straw converts a variety of cups and food containers into portable and less mess option for snack, meal times and drinks. The new concept works by pushing the straw into the top of the container (works in children's cups with lids, juice/milk boxes and pouches or anything drinkable with a plastic or foil lid). The straw goes in, but it doesn't come out! Toddlers, children and even the elderly can enjoy their favorite snacks in a less messy way. I think this is genius!! The straws are completely reusable and really do the job!
Alex Wilkinson, Conservative 124 (5.1%)
By the time the weekend rolls around, all Kizzy wants to do is lay on our laps. But I can’t, because I have to go out with friends so that I can feel like some part of my life (no matter how small) is better than my dog’s
If I live, it is for the Lord that I live, and if I die, it is for The Lord I die for! Amen!
1 cup pancake mix
Homing, by Alastair Moffat. A book I found while browsing in the library above. It's a memoir of growing up in the Borders in the 1950s. Beautifully written, moving, funny, and packed with historical detail. I'm also dipping in and out of 'All Hell Let Loose' By Max Hastings - a masterly history of World War II.
I will give you a link to all of her writings, which were originally on suite101.com, got taken down, and have now been restored.
Mankind's single greatest achievement. The pinnacle of all animation, television and scripted entertainment anywhere. Jurassic Bark is the single greatest individual episode of any television series ever. No matter how many times I watch this episode (and I've seen it a lot) it never fails to reduce me to a blubbering wreck come the final montage. It is perfectly structured, written, acted and constructed. Jurassic Bark is the crowning episode for a TV series already overflowing with wit, intelligence and heart. Heartbreaking heart.
It is important to note that many moms worry about supply unnecessarily. As long as a baby is breastfed exclusively, having plenty of wet diapers and gaining weight, milk supply is not likely a problem. If you are concerned, it is best to speak with an International Board Certified Lactation Consultant. It doesn’t hurt to eat these tasty cookies though!
Harle Oren Cummins – The Man Who Made A Man
of the bundled passers-by.
Today I planted the four remaining boxes of TreeProject seeds. They are all Eucalyptus viminalis - manna gums. So now I have the full set of seven boxes of 48 tubes; potentially 336 trees. Here's how the previous boxes are going less than two weeks after sowing.
During the interview, the consular officer will ask questions about the marriage to determine if it indeed was made in good faith, such as how and when the couple met, how often they talk to or visit each other, and what are the plans for the future. The foreign spouse will also be asked whether he/she has: (1) been a member of the Communist Party, terrorist groups or similar organizations; (2) been arrested or convicted of any crimes; (3) ever received public assistance, or (4) lied to obtain a visa, worked in the United States without permission, or overstayed his/her legal status, etc. If any of these questions is yes, inform your attorney immediately.
The Bear’s Pajamas: It was nearly winter and Papa Bear was grouchy as an old bear can be when it is close to bedtime.
6) Rush Limbaugh and three evangelical blind spots Currently, evangelicals tend to force young adults, especially young women, into simplistic sexual categories. They are either “pure” or “impure,” “whole” or “damaged,” “virgins” or “sluts.” There does not seem to exist a vocabulary within evangelicalism with which to talk about men and women who are sexually active, but not promiscuous.
Hope you can join us on March 12, when we celebrate three great years of prose and poetry in Crown Heights -- NYC's hottest literary community! The event features comic novelists SHALOM AUSLANDER, described in the NY Times as "an absurdist with a deep sense of gravitas" and ADAM WILSON, whose debut novel FLATSCREEN was praised by Time Out NY as "depressingly hilarious and undeniably real." At this multigenre event, poet MELISSA BRODER (Meat Heart) will share her incendiary work, and acclaimed graphic novelist JOHN DERMOT WOODS (The Complete Collection of People, Places and Things) will screen his illustrated stories and comics. We'll also be showcasing up-and-coming Crown Heights author BEN TOWNSEND (Stonecutter Journal).
Suggestions for what to put in that corner are welcome and requested. A tall lamp would be nice, but is that odd by a TV?
In 2003, the FBI released a list of 13 high-intensity child sex trafficking cities that included San Diego, Los Angeles and San Francisco. The event also included a panel discussion focused on what changes need to occur. When asked if the media has a role in allowing these atrocities to happen, Managing Editor of 10News San Diego, JW August said, “The images people see make a very nasty thing acceptable.”
Written and Illustrated by Anna Alter. Ages 4-8.
is most definitely here, temperatures and frigid precipitation
Once the little darlings are beginning to sprout, you're going to need to be ruthless in dealing with those other darlings: weeds. This might be hard. Perhaps that weed is really pretty and you're reluctant to tear it up by the roots and bung it on the compost heap. But if it's taking the attention of the sun's rays and the soil's nutriments away from your plants, then it has to go. You could always pull it up and transplant it elsewhere if you can't bear to throw it away. You might even have a separate space for replanting those weeds you're really attached to. For a writer, this could mean creating a file for those superfluous scenes and threads that don't belong in your story.
Jokes about German sausage are the wurst.
Another thing that becomes apparent in draft 2 is that we are starting to develop style and voice. Your unique and individual style and voice come through much more clearly when you show things. When you tell them, you sound like everyone else who -thinks- they can write.
I'm in awe of some of the photos I've seen from other attendees!
Life is good!! ((hugs))
Anyone have a “baddie” repellent spray we can try?!
About Reaching You Ministries: Depression and Suicide are an epidemic in our culture today.
Genetic testing in utero is absolutely a personal preference of the parents-to-be, but I fear that over time, the options will become too available. For now, we are privy to knowledge such as if a child has CFF or Down's Syndrome, and that knowledge, could be useful but what happens when people start paying to find out the nitty gritty... does my child have a genetic disposition to have connected digits...does my child have the autism gene? If, in another decade, it becomes easier and easier for people to discover the dish, will people be less likely to procreate? Will those who have only the opportunity of passing something along to their peanuts decide to forgo family?
The best part of it was how it forced me to focus. I wasn't constantly checking my email and twitter HAHA!
Too many paths to take,
God has guaranteed the Qur’an’s protection from any corruption or distortion.
These numbers are frightening. As the Joint Select Committee on Deficit Reduction, or more commonly known as the “Super Committee”, meets in an attempt to put our country back on sound financial footing, they must look at significant Medicaid system reform. Spending on Federal entitlements (Medicare, Medicaid and Social Security) account for more than 40 percent of the U.S. budget. There is no way to reign in federal spending without finding significant savings in Medicaid programs.
1. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.
*cue interview music*
Lovingly crafted by gentle hands
I love this shot from upstairs! Honestly, it reminds me of my own home where 90% of the time the pillows are on the floor among other things. If you missed the post about the family room, you can read about it here. My clients are not afraid of taking on inexpensive diy projects to improve their home. The butterfly prints you see in the foyer as well as the fern prints by the tv were printed from Vintage Printable (free). They are all framed in inexpensive frames from ikea.
A surprising choice? Perhaps, but despite what he’s achieved, I still don’t think Zanetti gets the credit he deserves. Some modern players don’t like playing out of position, others will do it willingly but be exposed due to their limitations as a player. Zanetti can play right back, left back or anywhere across the midfield without dropping his standards even slightly. Some of the greats such as Lionel Messi struggle to hit the ground running in their first league match after travelling to South America for World Cup qualifiers, but again, Zanetti always coped with this as if he’d only been to the shops and back. I don’t think I’ve ever seen him play badly, and Argentina still haven’t found a replacement for him. On top of that, of all the goals that I’ve seen scored past England, the goal Zanetti scored in the 1998 World Cup is the one that I’ve most (begrudgingly at the time) admired.
I'm always looking for a little snack in the afternoon, usually it's greek yogurt and granola. My sister-in-law recently introduced me to a recipe for homemade honey roasted almonds. They are the perfect snack come 3:00, however I must limit myself because they are pretty addicting.
1 conjecture
All-purpose curry powder/Kuzhambu milagai thool (or chilli powder) - 1 teaspoon
You can then choose 3 - 5 favourite blogs which you also link in your post, then each blogger will inform you that they have been tagged.
"...while searching for relatives I discovered your site and a painting I know
So I drive an hour to a place I trust. End of story.
So I’m asking, what’s your favorite season? Please comment and let me know, even better give me the break down. What’s number 1? 2, 3 and 4? Here is my list to get things started, not that you didn’t already know…
well content,
Annie dropped our two dogs at the kennel where they get to play outside every day in the Minnesota country. Our younger son, 18, is on the High School Varsity Lacrosse team and assured us he’d “be responsible” and not have any parties while we were gone So, against my better judgement (the feeling in my “gut” was questioning my decision) , Annie came to Houston and we left younger son in charge of the homestead.
done some shit that we wouldn’t exactly put on a job application,
Understand this: We, like you, are created from the energy of love, from the heart of love, of one being and of all beings, far beyond what you can even imagine. But that is all right, because our purpose is not only to help you understand, our purpose is to help you imagine, to dream, and to create! We invite you to join with us the way we join with you.
The rhyme is deceptively simple, like its smaller sibling the rondelet:
According to information posted on his linkedin account before it was taken down, Sun Xu came to study in Singapore in 2006 on a MOE scholarship for students from China.
Off work all week I've had alot of down time to help with my mother-in-law's birthday reception held this Sunday, getting the house ready for out of town cousin-in-law's I've never met before. They're from Mooreland, Oklahoma. I Wikied the place, a thriving metropolis of 1,190 souls located near the pan handle, tornado alley. They would've felt right at home if they arrived last night.
We're starting our own Christmas traditions.
Hatred, sternness and irritability result from forgetting God, and the extinguishing of the light of holiness.
Finds include part of a Roman amphora — a large pottery vessel from the eastern Mediterranean used to hold wine or oil; a pair of amber ear-drops — clearly high-status objects — bronze pins, a fragment of 6thC blue glass drinking bowl, Roman pottery and other drinking vessels — all indicating strong links with other cultures well beyond the shores of mainland Britain.
Tomorrow Laura will be back after 6 months, so I made this banner for her. The letters are from the fabric I used for the Full House quilt.
She thanked me profusely and skipped away contentedly. I just hope my interpretation doesn’t end up ruining someone’s life.
A: You can be an atheist and have a “non-belief” in a god or gods. You can be agnostic and still be a believer or a non-believer, hence the terms like agnostic theist and agnostic atheist. As well, we don’t know right now if we can prove or disprove a deity of some kind. However, there is no point to “not believing” because there is nothing to not believe in. First it has to be established what exactly a deity is. Once that is done, we can test for one and by that criteria see if it exists or not. If it was established by some criteria that what we think of generally as a deity did indeed exist, I would more than happily believe tentatively that it did exist, but I would still not follow this deity, especially if it were any of the theistic, more so Abrahamic, deities.
3. Start early. It’s cliche, but it works.
It is important to note that: This blog serves as a summation of the research done and parts of the study has been ommited in the series for purposes of brevity. For the full paper click the link at the bottom of this blog post
Favourite Colour: Red
On the 25th of April each year we commemorate one of the saddest days in Australia’s and New Zealand’s combined history.
I've got more boxes to sell! I've gotten a few emails wondering what the heck in inside my Left over Box O'Goodies. To make it easier I've done a quick video sharing with you what's inside these boxes. The box shown in the video is one that is for sale and the others are very similar to this one.
fries...homemade or purchased, your call
I feel simultaneously empowered and intimidated. I want to explore this new world; I want to know its secrets.
Call it CISPA if you want..or SOPA or Fucking anything!
Chanyeol, who was cast when he was a freshman in high school, went through four years of training and decided to push ahead with his forte.
Critical hits
We want you to have a jolly holiday season! Seven of us are offering this fabulous giveaway to help you celebrate. Enter between now and 7 p.m. U.S. Eastern time Thursday, Nov. 17 to win a package of fabulous prizes valued at $350! International entries are welcome. ONLY ONE (1) ENTRY PER PERSON, PLEASE. DUPLICATES WILL BE DELETED.
Baking is perhaps the most exacting category of food with its delicately balanced dry and wet ingredients and the magic of baking soda, powder or yeast. But, if you’re a keen baker, try a blend of white and wholemeal flour when you make a cake or loaf, add some nuts or bran, use different fruits and spices, and as you become more experienced you’ll learn how to balance your innovations.
Being a placental encapsulation professional I have had a few disappointments along the way. I've had placentas that were thrown away that was suppose to go home and recently a placenta that was ruined in the hospital.
Anyway, we took all the kids to Knotts Berry Farm on Friday - in their costumes, of course - and we had a great time. Then yesterday, we all visited the BRAND NEW HOBBY LOBBY that just opened. It's about 40 minutes from here, but YAY for having Hobby Lobby! And last night we started off at our church's Hallelujah Night, but after standing in one line for 15 minutes to get a couple pieces of candy, we changed plans and went trick-or-treating back home in our neighborhood...which turned out to be a much better plan. The twins were hilarious...this was their first year trick-or-treating, but once they got the hang of it, they were hamming it up! Mackenzie in particular was so cute - she would get her candy, and then just keep standing there, saying "trick-or-treat" over and over, with her bag open, until the people at the door, confused as to why she wasn't leaving, gave in and gave her more candy! She was really working the neighborhood...and by the time we got home, she was dragging her bag on the ground because it was so heavy - she ended up with almost double what the others got. (It's all good - we always pour all the candy into one big bowl.) The kids are satisfied with their new stash of lollipops, and mom's satisfied with the new stash of chocolate!
Geoffrey W. Cloud, 36, Stamford, Conn.
Cook until potatoes are soft but not mushy.
You may be at this page because someone directed you here or you may have been searching online for how to cancel your GDI account and ended up here. You may be a member of GDI Team Elevate and you may not be. Either way you may still cancel your GDI account by contacting their support at 760-602-3000.
In a few weeks I'll be delivering a baby shower cake to my cousin. To match her theme, I wanted a tool that could make a texture similar to ribbed ribbon. When I was a teenager, I used to work at Joann Fabrics ... moms would come in and buy ribbed ribbon in all kinds of sizes and colors for hair bows (typically for cheerleaders ... I don't know what that was about though). That's what I want my next loopy bow to look like.
I eventually found a B&B on the Pacific coast that did not seem to be surrounded by too many ‘touristy’ places.
One of the Unlimited Class Big Boys and Buttonwillow’s current track record holder, FXMD’s NSX is one bad machine. Driven by Billy Johnson, they were able to take first place in the Unlimited RWD class with a 1:49.241. From what I picked up in the pits, it sounded like they had a fuel pump issue along with one or two other bugs cutting their weekend short. Cannot wait to see them on the track again.
Acrylic & Ink on Paper
Transformers for LED Strips
“Jan Deblieux, the victim’s mother testified that she was not involved in a lawsuit filed by her daughter’s estranged husband.”
Beautifully will I possess again
I don't have all the pictures off my camera, but I do have some, so I will start with those. First up was Ben (my brother) and Megan's wedding. We flew straight into Tampa on Friday the 12th and stayed there for 3 days. We spent the day Saturday setting up for the wedding. I have been working on figuring out my camera on manual mode, but up until this trip I didn't really have a reason/need to use it a lot so this trip really helped me get the hang of the settings. I am LOVING it! I took tons of pictures because of this, and Jesse even remarked "I didn't know all you were going to do this trip is take pictures!" Oh well!!!
Look up. Is there a fan that needs to be cleaned? Check your shower liner. Is it time for a wash?
2024.***E-IX/26/1971. On the death of George Seferis. Chicago Sun-Times, September 26, 1971, sec. 2, p. 16 (abridged); St. Louis Post-Dispatch, October 3, 1971; Washington Post, October 5, 1971, p. A19; International Herald-Tribune, October 5, 1971 (?); Hellenic Chronicle, Boston, Massachusetts, October 7, 1971. (Incorporated in Item B-2, above, p. 233 (1975).)
To some people, sports are very important. They plan their lives around the different events, they name their children after players, and they bedeck their cars with stickers declaring their associations. I received road rage from a guy the other day with no less than 13 stickers supporting a single sports team on his car. Heated arguments aren’t uncommon when it comes to one team vs. another, specifically when it gets close to the end of the season and championship games are being played. I understand this identification with a team, or really an idea. The idea that you are somehow a part of the sports group that you root for is absurd, but you see people using the “royal we” all the time when it comes to any sports references. “We made it to the playoffs!” and “We’re going to beat you like a dusty oriental rug!” are examples. Humans, like it or not, identify with symbols. Sports provide not only these symbols but also a color, memorabilia, and chances to gather with others who support those symbols. For instance, the University of North Carolina, Duke University and North Carolina State University are all in the area where I live. This causes heated debates, discussions, and all around mischief. You rarely go for more than five minutes without seeing a team themed shirt, car license plate, or even dog collar. Even though I’ve never been to many other places, I’m positive this is true everywhere for different teams.
-If you dont have broth in hand simple water will to add 1 tsp of ghee for the richness and extra flavour.
- Oh yes - hundreds. I can still hear the squeak of my snowsuit pressing out the shape in the snow.
for spicy - grated Serrano pepper - no seeds
According to a mailer sent out by the San Francisco Silent Film Festival, a screening of Wings will open its annual festival at the Castro Theatre on July 12th with the Mont Alto Motion Picture Orchestra providing music and soundman Ben Burtt proving audio effects live, in the spirit of the sound effects used during gala presentations of Wings in its day; the other Academy Award the film won in 1929 was for these effects as well as for the visual effects used to recreate World War I-era aerial action on screen.
... I was really discouraged with my cake endeavor . I took a break for a few reasons. trying to figure out the best way to photograph the food . and I've been experimenting with some recipes, that I will start to post as soon as I get back from vacation ..
Another question at this point might be, do about what? Well, if you can look around the world that you live in and not find anything that could do with making better, then you’re fortunate indeed…and living on another planet. Unfortunately, planet Earth and its inhabitants are labouring under a long list of predicaments in desperate need of sorting out. I won’t list them because the words and phrases fail to carry the full meaning and in too many people’s minds have become just words. For instance, unless you’ve experienced it or made the effort to discern the real meaning of the word, ‘homelessness’ is just another one of those words and doesn’t convey anything of the discomfort, hopelessness, trauma, desperation, etc, etc, of the condition itself. (For a window into that world read A Little Matched World, a modern-day adaptation of Hans Christian Anderson’s The Little Match Girl, which was my way of doing something, encouraging people think, about the issue.)
Previous to the creation of the Time Lords, Rassilon headed the Prydonian Chapter. With Omega, he planned to make the star Qqaba go supernova. The energy released would enable the Gallifreyan race to travel through time, to become Time Lords. A saboteur from the future known as Fenris, caused the death of Omega (or so the Gallifreyans believed) but the time controller on Fenris' belt proved useful to him.
In October, around the same time the Halloween decorations went up, the panetones started multiplying. There are always panetones somewhere in the supermercado. They are a round, sweet, special-occasion loaf of bread with incorporated bits of candied fruit. I’m pretty sure they originated in Italy. Sometimes they turn up at our church for memorials, in lieu of boiled wheat. They’re pretty unexciting, as holiday sweets go.
~2 Tbsp/30 ml milk
5. Think about relevant keywords and incorporate them into the domain name.
As you can see, it wasn't too inviting - looked more like November but we took it to be an adventure.
The above poem is taken from The Havamal - the ancient text which is itself taken from the words passed down from our forefathers.
It seems Pledis Entertainment has taken to the road to promote their latest group, NU’EST!
The officer requesting the details (PC xxxxx) has been reminded of her powers/rights when requesting names and addresses of people, and has been advised that had further explanation had (sic) been given, any misunderstanding about why the information was required would not of (sic) arose. The station briefing sheet has also been updated to remind officers of their rights/powers.
- Saint Hedwig Air conditioning check-up / Saint Hedwig AC check-up
At the end of Skin Trade I was happy to have it end. The 17th book is a lot or so it seemed. I read it once before and I think that there was just so much happening of the same that it wasn’t as great for me as her earlier books. At a couple points it was hard for me to finish.
# Have verbal diarrhea.
After attending the Dallas Cowboys' game on Sunday at the new Cowboys Stadium I had a thought:
Watching just the first twenty minutes meant that I saw that strange opening set with Mathew Horne and James Corden looking like two ladyboys who had been blindfolded and told to get dressed from a fetishist's wardrobe.
Again, meaning it does not expand the definition of the commerce clause.
to sorrows and death – He had the honesty and the courage to take His own medicine.
God wants us to pray. He specifically requests we pray for laborers. What a privilege. Pray for laborers…pray for their training,their support, and for the seeking of God’s Holy Spirit. Pray for Churches and seminaries, and para-church agencies who send laborers into His harvest. Raising support in this economy is difficult, but nothing is impossible for God! If you aren’t able to go, seek God on how you can support someone who can …invest in eternity. Your prayers make THE difference.
Less grab, more have.
(3) I can access my Available Loan Credit at anytime. I can withdraw it, make another loan with it, or purchase a handcrafted item from Novica. If I buy a piece from the site using available loan credit, Novica chips in a 15% bonus balance towards my item purchase. Additional options include gifting a loan or helping to fund a new region that this company is moving into. For details click here.
Craig Campbell, Dundas Star News
Bottoms Up, Coders.
I reckon his wantoks were still on the property.
How was ya'll's Thanksgiving? Ours was great! This was the first year in my entire life (seriously) that I only had one place to go. We always, ALWAYS had at least 2 places to go to on Thanksgiving since I can remember. Then when my parents got divorced and remarried things get a little hairy. Once Husband and I started dating, things really got outta whack.
Below are the fabulous DT cards for your inspiration...
Yet another use for the bias tape tool -straps. I love this tool. It makes neat folds, saves your fingers from getting burned by the steam of the iron, and saves time.
I prefer being the Egg Lady to the Crazy Chicken Lady.
And HAPPY!
Transfer to serving bowls, dress with a good handful of peanuts sprinkled on top, add the chilli flakes (to taste, they are pretty hot) and cucumber then serve with the lime wedges and mint leaves.
I wonder if John Wayne in any of his westerns was concerned if he would get sued for busting up a saloon.
Thus Sheldon’s In His Steps and the tremendous evangelism of Dwight Moody certainly establish their interest in bringing salvation to drunks and watching them be healed of their addiction. In the eyes of these Christians, drunks were not “powerless;” they were in need of a new birth accompanied by spiritual, mental, and physical wholeness, forgiveness, and healing. Something not accomplished by “mind cure”or pseudo “conversion,” but by asking—as Christians and sons of God–for, and receiving healing from a loving Creator.
Playing this game on such a small table represents different challenges so it’s always fun to come up with very small army lists to try and fool around with.
Is this TMI? I've had a little to drink and am feeling loose.
I chose the sundae print from Ruby by Bonnie&Camille for the binding because this has to be my favorite print ever and it matches the back so well (my mom doesn't think so, but I don't care, I like it) !
we sail our own love's ship
There will be fair trade and real opportunities for third world countries to also develop. Help and aid will be what it purports to be in the true sense of the word and not mere propaganda to make the rich and famous even more rich and famous nor will it be to simply put the never ending spotlight on their glory side by side with the plight of the orphan, the poor child, the disabled, etc all in the glare of the media.
which aren’t all special pleading, but after three and a half hours of what, however sound its crafting, is mostly just note-spinning, I was struggling no less than when I’d been listening to it on disc beforehand. The repetition in the mad scene does very little for me, however much a certain dulling of the senses serves a dramatic purpose here, and ‘Être ou ne pas être’ is, to put it kindly, tedious. The livelier stuff comes across much better – the Trio I’ve taken a liking to, and I’m with the NYT writer on the drinking songs, which are never merely about merriment, as Py’s staging shows. About Py: this is a ‘the play’s the thing’ production, though not a very logical one,
Obama signed the NDAA into law so that if justice gets too messy in the United States for those working against the plutocracy, we don’t need to have trials at all. Again, Obama shows he’s weak on terror by not promoting a law to ban free speech for those making less than $250,000 a year.
Sesame oil, 1 teaspoon
My award for the best Wetherspoons goes to the much improved Hengler's Circus on SausageRoll St. The improvement is down solely to the pubs real ale guy, Sandy, who has put together some interesting beer weekends including regular tap takeovers from Scottish breweries such as Harviestoun. I'm sure I even got a pint of Fyne Ales' Jarl for £1.60 in Hengler's this year.
3. Do you have a favorite flower? What is it? Do you have a special memory that comes to mind when you see, smell, or think of this flower?
BM: It is quite an amazing show, and a huge hit over there. They expect to bring it to the United States next year. His head is about twenty feet high and the impression was difficult to do because it is one thing to do a voice-over where you are just supplying the voice and you can see when the lips move and when they stop, but when you’re doing this you have to anticipate his pauses and move your face accordingly. It was amazing work, and I had to learn all of that stuff in a very exacting way.
I decided to send an @ reply to Farhad. I was pleasantly surprised that he responded and seem to take a sincere interest in why I was not pleased with the image accompanying his post.
Welcome to my first ever linky party!
We are all loving our puppy, and realizing how much extra time, love, training and attention she needs.
The daftest thing happened - and I do fully well understand now how John and Graham get so fed up with blogger sometimes. A bit more than a week ago, for the first time ever since I started blogging, I wrote something that I did not have the time for finishing there and then, and therefore left it as a draft.
I had forgotten how much work was involved in caring for one kitten, let alone two of them.. It seems that they are into everything. They like to chew the laptop and my iPhone. They especially love the cables, they whizz from room to room at full pelt chasing and hiding, leaving a trail of debris behind them that is knocked over the second it is put right.
There are many scary things about childhood; almost everything else is bigger than you for a start, that’s very scary, and then you’ve got strangers, parked cars (according to Dave Prowse), maths, impending acne, and the fact that seemingly every other week you are taken to the doctor to be jabbed with needles to guard against an endless variety of terrible diseases that are apparently constantly trying to kill you. And, as if that wasn’t enough, sometimes, people, with absolutely no thought to future consequences to the innocent children who are, indeed, our future, make the illogical decision to insert the most terrifying characters and imagery into seemingly harmless pieces of co-called children’s entertainment. A prime example of this is Chitty Chitty Bang Bang’s The Child Catcher. I mean really, who thought this was a good idea?
The whole left side of this line was decimated losing starters Diehl and O'Hara. Then back-up Adam Koets was lost for the season after the Seattle game. When it came time for his turn to step in, the unheralded signing of former Pro-Bowler Shawn Andrews in the off-season practically had everyone calling GM Jerry Reese brilliant over the acquisition right up until he went down with a back back of his own that is still barking at him.
Banana
I had two black frames with a matte in it for 4 pictures (sorry no pictures of the original). I did have 4 pictures in it for years. I decided that I wanted something different. We just got family pictures taken and used my frames to make this.
HYB - Hybridizer
Please pantomime ---a fun recreational activity you enjoy with your family.
All the preparations were done! Now all I have to do is wait for Yoochun come over! I hope he likes my surprise dinner I made for our anniversary.
--And definitely, definitely try to learn tango.Learn tango. Maybe what's going on here is that in her mind, "dance" self-evidently equals a choreographed stage performance for an audience. So, a bad lookalike of a stage performance equals 'tango' for the non-professional. Therefore, given that it's totally unimportant and she's pretending to be an airhead, she has 'learned tango' - completing all that can possibly be expected of her in that direction. Actual tango, tango de salon as they say, is not something whose existence can be suspected or imagined. This is an error I've discussed before. But it's really not clear, and perhaps I overanalyse.
Got to love those “relaxing” weekends after a long week @ the office. With no sleep and a ton of stuff to get done right now, I already can’t wait for the weekend.
6. How much have you lost?
"And the places she turns up in Jamaica are all the more curious. I remember being at sound-system dances and hearing everyone from Bob Marley to Kenny Rogers (yes, Kenny Rogers) to Sade to Yellowman to Beenie Man being blasted at top volume while the crowd danced and drank up a storm. But once the selector (DJ in American parlance) began to play a Céline Dion song, the crowd went buck wild and some people started firing shots in the air. . . . I also remember always hearing Céline Dion blasting at high volume whenever I passed through volatile and dangerous neighborhoods, so much that it became a cue to me to walk, run or drive faster if I was ever in a neighborhood I didn’t know and heard Céline Dion mawking over the airwaves.
I wanted to say something to retaliate but caught myself nodding instead. True enough, I thought. So, smiling both of us walked across the capacious hotel lobby towards the grand ballroom where our company dinner had already started.
Basically, CCM caught on to the number one rule of coolness: don’t let your marketing show. The best bands—the successful ones, at least—learned to gloss over the gospel message the same way TV producers camouflaged corporate sponsorship. Explicitly Christian lyrics prevented DC Talk from crossing over to the secular market in the ’90s; today it’s difficult to imagine their unapologetic faith making it in the Christian circuit.
Extra entries (separate comments please):
I don't get the "kids hate vegetables" thing. A small percentage of kids share a trait, and so it gets applied across the board? A small percentage of kids are Korean, too, but I don't hear "Kids sure are squinty, aren't they? Ha ha!" being tossed around at PTA meetings.
2 questions
organic strawberries (I always always try to buy these organic since they are on the Dirty Dozen list)
Something homemade? - Nope. Against school policy.
Now if we could just get these stores to change their unfair business practices of unreasonable return policies…
While this does mean social media users can now control who views their comments and messages, in a strange mix of Google+ circles and direct messaging, it potentially has huge implications for brands and social listening as messages about their products will go un-noticed as hieroglyphics.
We took the kids there knowing it would be a fun afternoon, and it was. T and B loved the planetarium. W was enchanted by the robotics exhibit. He's taking a robotics class at school and really enjoys it.
* Some might say that there isn't much difference.
Also, in my honest opinion I think Dudley was a bit of a waste of time. We spent an hour walking along a duel carriageway and another hour hanging around a car park. What was the point of that? Very few local people saw us as we were constantly "hidden from view" by the police.
Hermetically sealed room to she was 30 years old. I
* Smiles ALL the time!
We also decided to pick two winners each week. They will both receive $6 worth of digis. :) We wanted to spread the love around a bit more! :)
Nature Economist Elaine Meinel Supkis in the article Currency Devaluation War Rages Ever More Violently The G20 tells euro zone to fix debt crisis in eight days. HAHAHA. This is too funny. The G20 has been at war with itself for quite a while. For over 50 years, the key sovereign wealth nations of the G7 depended on exactly one scheme to enrich themselves: export to the US while refusing to buy from the US except in significantly less quantities. To do this, they all did the exact same thing: they made their own currencies weaker than the dollar via holding US trade profits in various accounts so it didn’t recirculate. They also used these seas of US red ink to bankroll lending. This is why Japan could run up their domestic government debt to over 240% of their GDP. An amazing misbalance, impossible to do without a huge trade deficit with the US.
In all those pages I'm there, as a child as a teenager a young adult as I am now. My flaws and faults are clear: vain, proud, arrogant, anxious, hot-headed, distractible. I like to talk about myself, I like clothes and shoes a bit too much. I retreat from people, sometimes, when I'm needed.
Cast: Dana Andrews, Jeanne Crain, Mimsy Farmer, Laurie Mock Dir: John Brahm C-100 mins, TV-PG
1/2 teaspoon hot water
Giveaway starts on May 7 at 12:01AM and ends May 28 at 11:59PM. Open to the US residents only; must be 18 years of age or older to enter.
Enter to win this cloth diaper prize pack (Open to US only) in the Rafflecopter form below (subscribers have to click through to see the form), there are many different ways to enter and get extra entries!
After having spent most of my pay packet at yesterday’s Reiss sample sale, it was a deliberation as to whether I could justify another spending splash! However, when the opportunity to go to the Monica Vinader sample sale occurred I grabbed it with both hands! This is a brand which people may or may not have heard of – but their exquisite pieces imply a statement of individuality.
As these types of things piled up, I began to think about killing myself. I easily could have simply overdosed on one of the many drugs I was taking, or I could have drank myself to death; in many ways, the fact that I survived the things I did to my body is a miracle. But I had made up my mind that I wanted my death to be painless, and so each day when I walked home from school I thought of simply stepping out into the road in front of a car. I figured that if I could get one that was going fast enough, it might be over soon. And the sooner it was over, the sooner I could escape the fear, the rejection, the shame, the hurt, and all of the other things swirling around in my body.
Make sure your surgeon specializes in FFS surgery
Osama Bin Laden is dead. Workers and socialists should shed no tears for his passing. Like many before him, and many to come, he started out as a tool of US imperialism, and ended up as another expendable agent. Whether he was an enemy of Imperialism is then debatable. But, in any case he was no friend of ours.
So, it's SNL with $6.99 Pinot Grigio tonight. And a kid with a fever; that's always good to throw into the weekend. ENVY ME, BITCHES!!!!!
Add the lemon extract and vanilla powder (if using) along with the lemon bits. Mix to combine. In a separate bowl, blend the dry ingredients together. Add them all at once along with the lemon yogurt. Mix on medium speed to blend, then turn up the speed a bit and mix 1 minute more. Spoon batter into the prepared bundt pan.
Greens: 3rd – Memento cottage ivy, 2nd – Memento bamboo leaves, 1st – Memento new sprout
It’s all thanks to BBC4 and their shock success with the Danish series The Killing. I’m not going to say too much about that as, really, you’d have to have lived in a box not to have come across it. Even the Duchess of Cornwell is a fan and for good reason. If you haven’t seen it yet, it’s beautifully written and acted and has excellent knitwear.
13. Visit garage sales
Has given my heart
c. E-entrepreneurs
-D.H. Lawrence
7th day - Morning and Night were eating non stop.. had very heavy meals and later at night, preparing Princess to start her 'routine' of back to the childcare.
Some days are exhausting... and I feel like I'll never learn this language and all I'm doing is making myself look like a fool... but Monday was not one of those days!!
If you’re like me and love ndn politics then it was a good year for u especially in Canada, from fracking to Attawapiskat it’s all been interesting to watch and analyze. This coming year looks to be very interesting on that front, Native Spring anyone?? Look for more opinionated post from me on any new developments in that area. Love this stuff!
A good friend of mine and former employee is doing just that--and making four-figures a month to boot.
1 incantations
Hubby: Come take this "Happiness Quiz" in the Southwest Airlines magazine. I filled mine out on the plane and I want to see how you score.
The "Ice Crack Man" cruises your 'hood. You can get your drugs and your ice cream from the same place.
I should come clean about this - one of the above beers won't be cask, but keg. I won't spoil the surprise just yet though.
Step 3: Facial massage
Third, although rendered somewhat redundant by the previous point, the right to protest poor journalism would be outlawed. One could not display any unhappiness or discontent with poor journalism outside those channels determined by the media itself. As Brendan Boyle put his distaste at the DA having an opinion on what qualifies as good journalism: "So now they decide who is a ‘real' journalist?" Only the media will determine what constitutes good journalism.
United have now won nine and drew one of their last ten Premier League games. That is definitely league title winning form.
As I see it, the blog will go to a three-day per week posting schedule: Photo of the Week, Tuesday Poets, & the Wednesday Portland feature. Once I get my feet a bit more solidly beneath me, I may very well return to a more frequent posting schedule, but for now I think the three features are a good fit. This also means that I’ll probably be visiting other blogs a bit less frequently, as I continue to figure out my new city & new life, & how all of this dovetails with what has been an extremely active online life.
So what is the new challenge over at Dream Valley, I can hear you asking and my reply is: it is to CASE a member of the Design Teams' project.
supersonicelectronic:
On to math... We spent the past week skip counting by 2s, 5s, and 10s. The new Core Standard is to count to 120, instead of just 100. This was a bit of a challenge for many of my kiddos-- even though most were very good at counting to 100. We'll keep working throughout the year on counting past 100.
Alaska In Winter began when art student, Brandon Bethancourt spent a semester writing and recording music in an isolated cabin on the south coast of Alaska. Upon arrival back in New Mexico, he teamed up with Zach Condon of Beirut, Heather Trost of A Hawk And A Hacksaw and other friends, and thus began work on the album Dance Party In The Balkans. This debut release was released by Milan Records in July 2007 in the US after a release in the UK by Regular Beat a few months earlier.
Hey, Margaret, I thought you said you were an illustrator! The piece had the lyricism and emotional power of Siobhan Dowd, another lost voice in young fiction.
I prepared the spigarello in a similar manner as broccoli rabe: tough stems removed, quickly blanched the leaves for 2 minutes in boiling water, drained the leaves in a colander and sauteed it in olive oil with shallot, garlic and crushed red pepper for about 5 minutes, seasoning with salt and pepper.
When you're trying to get pregnant, you start to take a lot more notice of your body. You spend a lot of time with your gaze firmly focussed on the internal as you monitor your temperature, note any physical symptoms out of the ordinary and hope with all your heart your mind isn't just making it all up. And then ... you get your period right on time, as per usual.
The flag is one of just six known examples of “Macon Arsenal” banners, produced in Macon, Ga.
Interesting facts/Observation/Comments
The secret Phenomena that is Eve Online will always interest me. The game is complex unlike anything I have ever played before. The economy alone is enough to keep me scratching my head for hours. I hate to admit it, but being a college student, I just couldn’t find the time to dedicate to learning the ins and outs of how the game worked.
one man called Hagrid from the magical world told him that he had this power.
“They could have asked me and I’d have agreed at one go. I wouldn’t have asked for money. I would have just asked for a small credit to the band for the song,” says Palash.
Week 14 White on White
All our ills of flesh and soul.
her old life.
Got it into my head that he’d run off on me, him holding all the cards like he did.
True story: the first time I saw In the Realm of the Senses was at a revival theater in San Francisco in the late-1980s.
"They can be integrated into the new beginning," I suggest.
97%: Percentage of escorts who report an increase in self-esteem after they entered the trade (see also “72%” and “60%” below).
I was speaking to friends today and we couldn't believe how fast and last minute this trip to HK is. It still doesn't feel as if I'm leaving tomorrow. My mum is dropping me off at the airport in the morning and then my dad will collect me when I reach Hong Kong (I'm so glad he is there at the moment so he can help me with my luggage!). I still have enough food photos from last Summer to put together several food posts but I guess those will have to wait until I return back to the UK. I'd much rather blog more instantly while I am over there. I have a week to acclimatise before I start work and spending some family time in Macau at the weekend which I'm really looking forward to.
2. Security of the members and its “turf” or operational area.
Things I Love w Great $9.00
Timeline - At the latest, Hex knew Evelyn in 1866 (right before he was scarred) placing this at the latest 1883. At the earliest, he knew her after he was rescued from the Apache (1854) but he was only 16 then. From their discussion, I would figure that Hex was at the very least 19, placing their meeting in 1857 so this story could be as early as 1874. Figure in Mei Ling that means that this could have taken place in 1874, or 1877-1883. (I'm leaving 75 & 76 alone for reasons of the marriage and family turmoil and the trip to China)
H - This week we did a re-read of the story in order to see how much work we still have to do...and we were quite pleased with it overall, weren't we?
1 untouched
I am most
5 eventually
Do you get the idea? Jeb might actually be the best politician and the most centric of the 3 Bushes. It doesn't matter; his name alone is polarizing and renders him unelectable. And yet, there are a large number of you out there who don't seem to understand just how much the name "Clinton" produces venom-laced saliva in this country. And no, they're not all right-wing wacko Republicans. Those of us in the center have absolutely NO desire to see anyone named Bush or Clinton hit the White House again. Ever. Not now, not in four years, not in eight years.
The BBC today reports that Fanum House has now been sold to Seamus Gillan’s South Bank Square Limited and may be converted into one or two hotels. The price paid is reported by the BBC to be understood to be GBP 4-5m (€4.6-5.75m) – about GBP 80 (€92) psf. Seamus owns BSG Civil Engineering Limited and is involved in BWW Water NI Limited. He is on the committee of the Construction Employers Federation, which is the equivalent of our own Construction Industry Federation except from this perspective it has been more proactive in preparing its members for entry into NAMA and in taking advantage of NAMA’s development funding pot.
The little woman sat down at her side. "So, you are sad," she said and nodded with understanding. "Tell me what bothers you."
Think of all the new majors. Think of all the innovative uses of technology. As Josh himself notes, dorms are way nicer, food is way way better, and athletic and leisure facilities are way way way better.
So it occurred to me that a “Reverse Bucket List” might prove to be a good exercise to show that, even if there are a lot of things you wish you had the time and resources to do, you actually have already done of lot of really fun and cool things already in your life. I decided to think back and list out things I’ve done that most people you pass in the street may have never, ever done. Here are a few:
Texas. There are only a few of them (around 140) to cover a big state. They do have a uniform they wear that reflects their origins from the Wild West (when they were formed in the nineteenth century in Texas) and their police duties. A Texas Ranger's uniform is slacks, dress shirt (light solid color, often white), a conservative tie, boots, cowboy hat (usually, tan, ivory or white) and their silver star worn on their shirt over their heart. There can be sight variations
of the Cuban Five.
The shots were getting closer so I started the car whirled around and drove off.
of a person woven into lower mists.
Once again (I know you've heard it before) I am hoping to get back into blogging on a more regular basis. I miss writing, and this is as good an outlet as any. Thanks to all who have followed me through the last couple of years. I appreciate it!
That he threw in for all of you!
My first day off started with shopping. This is snow bird country and we had fun with that in Wal-mart. While in the girls section, I see a dress I want to get for Faith. So, I whip out my new phone and call my daughter to get Faith's size. She said she got the package and enjoyed the prickly pear candy Duane sent her. I told her to hold on he's right here. He's sitting on the store scooter talking to Nicole while I'm looking at dresses.
Got attached to my heart in a way.
Funny is too easy, though. One day Mrs. Palfrey trips and falls outside the basement flat of the charming young Ludovic Myers, who takes her in and cleans her up and gives her a cup of tea. This, obviously, is the Rupert Friend part. The two form a desultory friendship and at the Claremont Ludovic is taken for Mrs. Palfrey’s grandson. Possession of an attractive young person does wonders for her status, and Taylor could have played this for laughs: the real and impostor grandsons, the jealous old ladies, the hand-knit sweater with the too-long sleeves, intended for Desmond (real) but given to Ludo (fake). Instead, with the lightest of touches, Taylor indicates Ludovic’s own loneliness and his own sense of honor and independence. It’s honest and touching, but far from heart-warming. Much more interesting than that.
He heaves a deep sigh and slides his hands into his pockets. Strangely more ashamed now than he been in the sanctuary, or fumbling with himself over pixelated blood, imaginary flesh and bone. “I’ve changed my mind.”
A huge THANK YOU to everyone who read and voted for Human in the ARe Just One Bite Contest! Human advanced to round 3 before folding! I'm stunned. Thank you so much for your support, and I'm glad you enjoyed Rhea and Daniel's story.
He continues:
Alternatively, a surrogate may have a biological link with the child she bears by virtue of the fact that fertilization was achieved by means of IVF followed by embryo replacement. This is called “IVF and ER surrogacy”. (For instance where a surrogate has blocked fallopian tubes but has no ovulation problems.)
A new study suggests small thoughtful gestures and a little everyday gratitude toward one’s partner can yield a great deal of happiness and help strengthen relationships. Examples may include: picking up your partner’s favorite coffee, preparing a celebratory dinner, or taking the kids out to give the other partner some quiet time. By extending positive emotions and gratitude to romantic partners, this can increase the benefit of positive thinking tenfold.
They change who we are, and how we look at the world.
Also, there seems to be this surge of the Eucharist’s heavenly banquet aspect as the GIRM here states. It is my understanding, and I could be wrong, that the heavenly banquet happens later. Either after death or after the consummation of the world. Right now the Mass is Christ on the cross 2,000 years ago on Calvary.
George Bush Jr didn't fail so much as he was perceived to have been too much of a patrician while being uncomfortable with his more conservative allies. Yet George Bush Sr is still perceived as a man of uncommon decency, loyal to the enduring American character of rugged self-determination, free markets, and generosity. George W will eventually be treated more kindly by historians as one whose potential was squashed by his own compromise of conservative principles, in some ways repeating the mistakes of his father, while ignoring many lessons in executive leadership he should have learned at Harvard Business School. Of course George W could never quite overcome being dogged from the outset by half of the nation convinced he was electorally illegitimate -- thus aiding the resurgence of the liberal wing of the Democratic Party.
In August David Norris withdrew from the Irish presidential election but resumed his candidacy in the following month. Svalbard was a rogue Polar Bear who attacked and killed a British schoolboy.In September there was the first Irish case of death by spontaneous combustion was recorded in Galway.A plane crash in Russia killed 43 people, including nearly the entire roster of the Lokomotiv Yaroslavl Kontinental Hockey League team.Occupy Wall Street movement began in Zucotti Park, New York City.On Sep 20th the United States ended its “Don’t Ask, Don’t Tell” policy, allowing gay men and women to serve openly for the first time.
Cpedia is a bot-generated online encyclopaedia which makes even less sense than the wiki.
My momma’s still my biggest fan
For the record, yes these are things that have all been said to me or about me, by complete strangers (in the grocery store, in the chemist, at the doctors etc etc).
Bind us together,
There are two angles to the criticism: The Obamas are flaunting their status at a time of economic hardship around the country and the costs to taxpayers are too high. The White House, and all past White Houses for that matter, dismiss the criticisms. But for the record, an administration official addressed the cost issue to Whispers, saying, "hotel bills and restaurants are paid for privately. Security and transportation fall under the same rules as have applied to any previous first family travel—the costs are split appropriately with private expenses paid for privately. Government expenses are paid for by the government," says the official.
Level 19: MP Cost: 65, Damage: 247%, Attacks up to 6 enemies 6 times, 29% chance to stun the enemy for 5 seconds.
Get a high end blender and use it every day, smoothies gives you nature’s bioavailable vitamins, nutrients, antioxidants and fiber to start your day. Smoothies are one of the best forms of “brain fuel” in the form of fructose and empower your immune system to protect you from illnesses. Make a routine out of it. Set apart 10-20 minutes every morning. Use the recommended fruits chart and get the majority of your daily nutrition all before lunch. Further, the high water and nutrient content will keep you hydrated and provide you with a feeling of well being all day.
(5 minutes go by where I can hear my entire roll of Saran Wrap getting ripped out)
Major flooding extends downstream from Taroom between The Glebe area through to Knebworth, including the towns of Theodore, Moura and Baralaba. The main flood peak is currently in the Baralaba area, where flood levels will remain above the major flood level (9 metres) until at least Sunday. Major flood levels at Theodore and Moura are expected to continue to fall during this week.
Most machines will have the option to make spaghetti or tagliatelli- so you choose what shape you would like.
In other words, there is no evidence either way.
151. “Never regret. If it’s good, it’s wonderful. If it’s bad, it’s experience.” – Victoria Holt
This ought to be FUN.
and crew replace with another.
Later today I meet some people (so will try and get some sleep in) then tonight I'm flying to Chicago which is like almost all the way back across the continent. Oh joy.
Congratulations ladies, please grab your badges from the sidebar.
Yours in Health and Performance,
Any individual sincerely or seriously committed to awakening his or her particular animal farm’s citizens to even consider the ideas that the source of their problems are a result of: (A) citizens who lack honourable problem solving skills and refuse any and every opportunity to learn problem solving skills; and (B) overpopulation colliding with declining or scarce resources; is going to be consciously or unconsciously ignored or crucified.
The Nintendo Wii was a huge failure in my eyes. It had last generation hardware and lacked basic HD support. The Xbox 360 and Playstation 3 were superior in every way. Only blind Nintendo fanboys will lie to themselves and say otherwise. Look at the third-party support in terms of blockbuster titles such as Assassin’s Creed, Call of Duty, FIFA, NHL, Madden, BioShock, and countless more. Unfortunately it looks as if Wii U will continue this trend and once again focus on the casual market.
The batter of purple-bruised berries
It's the promise of bacon that wins over Suze to pick the roast pumpkin, milk chocolate, maple syrup and bacon. Actually there's less bacon in it than we expect, with a persistent taste of aniseed over-riding the flavours of the dessert.
Our first-born
Ill make you so sure about it
I first met Frances, the strong-willed, persnickety, song-writing, problem-solving badger, when I was a strong-willed, persnickety child myself. Although song-writing and problem-solving weren't my strengths so much, it's still small wonder that I identified with the young badger. The challenges Frances faces are universal ones of early childhood, and she confronts them with a quirky intelligence and creativity that I found both inspiring and reassuring.
Now that doesnt sound like a big deal, and compared to WAP, getting the world wide web in any form on a mobile device, it really wasn’t. But it was an example of the level of detail and thought about process the phone’s designers went to. Despite numerous software upgrades, an iPhone can’t do this today.
That grew the more by reaping: his delights
Ashley found solace in alcohol at age 16. With her parents’ social standing, they had copious amounts of alcohol in the home, and did not notice the missing bottles. Hiding in her bedroom, Ashley was never seen while she was impaired. Though she began to show signs of severe impairment not long into her bingeing, and began screaming and yelling profanities at passer-by through her bedroom windows, which drew complaints from police and
TRICKY – HELL IS AROUND THE CORNER (2009)
The reason I bought this app is because a new little gift shop has opened up in one of our local shopping centres and if I can get up the nerve to go in and see if they may be interested in having some of my pieces I can just take my iPad with me instead lots of jewellery that needs to be unpacked or a thick photo album.
Pour into prepared pan, lightly level with the back of a spoon and bake until light brown for 20 minutes.
I'm excited that the Hubs wants to join me in the ToT 10 Miler. He's not a runner but he's committed to getting into shape and is ready to train for something. Now the only question is....do I run with him or leave him in my dust?!?
When one arm is pushed down, the opposite leg needs to do a downward kick also, to fix the body orientation, because this happens shortly after the body rotation.
A dragonfly flutters in the dream
Robert Zemeckis had that joy of creativity. Joe Dante definitely had it (critics be damned). Even Joe Pytka had it.
I have fringed
Despite the obvious parallels between the Egyptian and Tunisian revolutions, and the clear effect Tunisia’s successful ouster of Ben Ali inspired Egyptian activists, there has been surprisingly little cross-pollination of democratic ideas between Egypt and Tunisia. But as the Egyptian presidential race heats up and Tunisia enters another dangerous escalation between secularists and Islamists, there is the possibility that Tunisia’s Islamists, long a bastion of moderation among Muslim Brotherhood-inspired parties, will adopt Egypt’s more conservative approach. This could have two contradictory effects in Tunisia, both of which could drive further fissures through Tunisia’s increasingly divided political landscape.
Graces has some of the best gameplay in the series. Battles are action oriented, and each character has two distinct styles of fighting, Arles and Burst. Both have different methods of attacking – Asbel’s Arles skills, for example, are quick attacks with a sheathed blade, while his Burst skills are slower, more powerful attacks with a drawn blade. Graces utilizes the CC system from the previous Destiny games, with each attack costing a different amount of CC. A character is able to continue chaining attacks for as long as she or he has CC. CC recharges when the character is defending or taking no action.
When I was growing up I always said…I will NEVER EVER have kids…! I will live in a loft and be a business woman!! LOL Well…about that…here I am with two little boys I ADORE to pieces…living in the suburbs in a house!! Haha…see, things change!!
If early detection and survival is the goal of Breast Cancer Awareness Month – then there has to be a conversation about an individual’s ability to access health care information and services. Central to that conversation is the reality that those very life-saving information and services are unjustly linked to one’s racial, ethnic, socio-economic, and immigration status.
Gulen has also established thousands of schools throughout central Asia and Europe.
My mistake was to assume that the feline terrorism campaign had finally died down. The catbags had resigned themselves. The noisy pink thing wasn't going anywhere, it was getting a bit big to eat, and maybe they could train it to give them cat biscuits and gravy in the fullness of time.
--Pour the syrup into the gelatin mixture. After all the syrup has been added, turn the mixer to high and beat it like Michael Jackson for 10 to 15 minutes or until the mixture is really white (should be like the consistency of Fluff). Now add the Vanilla.
As a philosopher he is known as one of the earliest ‘existential’ philosophers (with Kierkegaard), and considered to have greatly influenced ‘nihilism’ and ‘post-modernism’. He was critical of the culture he saw in the world, often writing with frank and unflattering assessments of dominant social practices. He was particularly critical of religion (esp. Christian religion) claiming that “God is dead”, and his critiques became highly influential to the growing Enlightenment secularism. He was also very critical of nationalism, anti-semitism and the abuse of political power, though his sister was herself anti-Semitic and had tried to establish an Aryan colony in South America called New Germany. As a result of her influence and her efforts in the final year of his life and after his death his ideas were later taken by the leaders of the Nazi party and used to advance all the things to which he objected.
Actually, he had plenty of commitment, but it was more focused on Nicole's best friend back home now that Nicole was no longer in town.
I just heard the news from my UK publishers, Egmont, and I'm doing a happy dance down here in Melbourne, Australia.
Wow that was a noticeable change. I sort of noticed a change in energy when
Generating an unlimited supply of human eggs and the prospect of reversing the menopause was made possible by a series of breakthroughs led by Professor Jonathan Tilly of Harvard.
I have not forgotten you all best beloved, the first thing I do after getting in and making a cupatea is sit down to FeedDemon and read all your musings of the day, I read them all from A to Z, JamesH to JuliaM [Ed: that’s J to J you dickhead]
*Don’s new secretary – hired in the wake of the Young & Rubicam payback in “A Little Kiss” is named Dawn, causing Harry to lament the similarities in their names. “But out in the office it’s hard to tell who’s who.” Sure it is, Harry. Because Jon Hamm looks so much like a young African-American woman.
The overall message of the responses is that respondents are happy with current law and practice. Where there are difficulties, these are mostly confined to specific situations rather than ‘across the board’ failings. For example the ‘obvious to try’ formulation used recently by the UK courts when refusing some biotechnology patents caused concern to some respondents involved in that sector. There were also some suggestions that it is too easy to obtain a patent for software (computer implemented inventions), although it may be that, rather than this being an issue relating specifically to inventive step, it was part of a more general opposition to patents in this field. . . .
In my reading of the Scriptures I feel that they reveal to me how God interacts with humanity, and that that manner of interaction is unswerving. When He promises something, He fulfils that promise; when He covenants himself to us, He sees through his side of the bargain; His love extends to the heavens, His faithfulness to the clouds (Psalm 36:5)!
Freeze Tag until the sun goes down, or up…or if if its up all the time? 30 minutes or so?
Chicago-based mangaka Mari Yamazaki’s manga about a Roman bath-house architect who discovers a time tunnel into the modern world is a clever reflection of 21st-century Japan’s obsessions and fears in the mirror of pseudo-history. The manga started in 2008 and is still running. Its mix of history, nudity and toilet humour was a natural for animation. After a late-night TV run, director Azuma Tani’s six-episode anime series is now available on Blu-Ray from Asian online stores galore, and doubtless from a thieving pirate near you, complete with extra unaired episodes.
Genre: Urban Fantasy, Mystery & Suspense, Science Fiction & Fantasy, Romance
According to Wikipedia, a sanatorium is "a medical facility for long-term illness, most typically associated with treatment of tuberculosis."
The point of this is not where I stand, or what side is right or wrong. The point of this post is that, had someone called me names, harassed me, or "forced" their beliefs on these matters on me, it would not have swayed me to their side. In fact, it would have made me stronger in my belief that what I was doing is right...and in all honesty, may have detoured me from all aspects of AP parenting.
Who do I write for? For all intents and purposes, I write for the science fiction/fantasy/horror reader, or anyone who’s willing to give my unique writing style a try. It’s obviously not for everyone, so I appreciate the ones who will give me the time of day.
The finished room has a lion, tiger, rhino, zebra more swinging monkeys, flowers and all sorts! Its very colourful and looks great. The walls are a pale green and the room has all sorts of jungle themed soft furnishings that came from Verbaudet.
Then back home in time to get ready for couples counseling. We had to be over on the West side by 11am. We were a bit late, but still made it. It was a good session. Each day gets better and better. It's gotten good since he went back to work. I think that men need to be at work. ROLF!
3Is it possible for his armies to be numbered? and on whom is not his light shining?
Clean and wash the methi leaves and chop the leaves and keep it ready.
In a later message, however, he followed up, stating, "we will be asking those reporting on meeting to refrain from taking photographs or taping." I asked for an explanation, but didn't get one. It sounds like someone--likely not his boss, Council Member James--is leery of too much scrutiny.
I ran into so many people I haven't seen in years. What a thrill. Some of them are doing extremely well, others are exactly the same. Either way, it's great to see them and to see the foreign rights folks from my office.
Lembo someone dancing the limbo
that specializes in creating framed wall decorations, bookmarks, jewelry and hair accessories from silkworm cocoons. I had no clue Cyprus once was well-known for its silkworms and mulberry trees. People all over the island "raised" the silkworms at home to produce silk, and the women used the cocoons to create antique picture frames.
I re- planted the Geraniums that I pulled up last fall . One of them didn't make it,I'm thinking it probably was the candy striped one that I liked best but it was a hybrid.
At one stage, one of the suspects had climbed a tree, shooting off his gun and shouting orders to his two fleeing comrades down below. The second gunman was running, climbing fences and shooting straight at the community forum members who were following him, Wiese said, when he ran into one of the citizens, and pointed his gun at this unarmed man.
BIG SIGH…… I think that I am sitting here writing this blog because I am just tired and overwhelemed from the weekend! There is nothing major that I am complaining about but taking care of family members has had its ability to take its toll on me in the past.. and I am surely trying to KEEP THAT FROM HAPPENING AGAIN……
It seems things are changing in my life right now. Things are..changing all around me. It's amazing how things can change so quickly.
It's kind of weird not making goals to accomplish for the next month, but at this point it's sort of do or die. I have my dress fitting on Tuesday, 8/16. Tom and I have to finish our request list, and figure out our first dance song, and the father/daughter dance song. I need to finalize our flower order and the rental order. We need to meet with the photographer too. Oh, and I should probably mail out invitations for the rehearsal dinner. So much to do! On the positive, exactly one month from right now, I will be sitting in a spa, with my closest friends, sipping a mimosa, and preparing to marry the man of my dreams.
The linking option will be closed after that time. From there you can just click on any of the projects linked and be directed to any of the participants’ blogs to get a closer look at their creativity.
A little background for the uninitiated: the LCA is a multirole fighter jet being developed by DRDO's Aeronautical Development Agency. The project was initiated in 1983, with the first flight planned for 1990, and entry into operational service scheduled for 1995.
Just as surely as the elephant herds migrate through the Serengeti, the teachers began their daily trek from the cafeteria across the playground back to the classrooms after lunch. The new first grade teacher, Amy, lingered behind, feeling the effects of eating a yogurt and salad in 19 minutes flat, the full teacher lunch period.
3) Certain criminal aliens, including gang members, deportation fugitives, and those who have committed voter fraud or marriage fraud, would be eligible for DREAM Act amnesty.
It is heavy, but not too heavy. I thought it would be an ergonomic trap - leading me directly from the kitchen to the hand-therapist in 10 seconds. But, no! It is so much easier to use than a standard (manual) juicer...and it drains the lemon of all their juice.
Meanwhile, the burning drapes, were seen by the neighbors who called the fire department.
Giovanni ground his teeth and scowled at Cocteau, but the detective remained unruffled. He took the note from George and read it without raising an eyebrow. He then folded it and handed it back to the skipper. “This piece of paper proves nothing,” announced Cocteau calmly. “Mr Pozzella tries to make an alibi by writing a letter to himself. It is a simple trick.”
That said, this year’s meetings, including the speed dating on the first night, has yielded some immediate follow up meetings, and some projects earmarked for the next few months. And my waistline is beginning to decrease again. My labrador retriever has never been walked so much.
Beets
as twist likes to say, what a great day!
I'm on a garage rock kick. Why the hell not? I've got the songs, there's no reason not to spin em. This here's the flip of the Castaways hit 'Liar Liar.' Definitely not as good as the top side, but not a bad little ditty either.
Mile In His Shoes DVD: Wendy R
She had walked a good few meters to the door when she turned around and walked back to where he was still sitting. She reached for the cup of coffee she almost forgot and said, “Paper cup, ain’t got no worries.”
1. Bug Out.
First thought of defense attorneys: did Mangum remember things later? No: Himan made clear that on March 21, she didn't remember anything more.
Serve it cut in tasty squares with custard or with cream,
Black: This is actually not a color, as black is the absence of light. Color by definition is the observational presence and visual perception of light. Black can cause fatigue, as well a slow down thought processes and reaction time. It is often considered the color of depression and mourning/death. Sometimes it is associated with unhealthiness and secrecy. Black can also imply submission; however, it can be seen as elegant and sexy as well. People who favor black are often considered the type who try to stand out from the crowd. Oftentimes they are viewed as obstinate, rebellious, and stubborn.
Friday 10th -
Satellite photos show an actual line of demarcation between South Korea and North Korea at night, due to the fact that the North Korean government shuts off all electricity when the head bastard deems it’s time all citizens are in bed.
Lying in an interview is dumb. Not only will your body language give you away, but it can be held against you later on, even if you get offered the job. Lying on your CV or application can also be used as grounds for dismissal, particularly if the lie is about your qualifications or criminal record.
Here in the UK, we always read in crap newspapers like The Daily Mail, or see on Sky News, of how this country is going down the drain because of foreigners, and immigrants, and Muslims, and Polish people, and people that can’t speak English….the reality is that the biggest problems are with those who are BORN here, and their levels of ignorance, lack of respect, and frankly, their belief that they are entitled to everything whilst doing nothing.
I had thought that it was natural for me to be depressed. After all, my life sucked. My girlfriend was far away, and we fought quite a bit, and lots of people objected to the fact that we were both female. I lived with my mother, who is an extremely critical person. I wasn't in college because the only school I could get into was filled with classmates who'd tormented me in high school. I made minimum wage at the donut shop. So, I figured, I needed more money, I needed to move, I needed to go to back to school, I needed to get things right with L'Ailee or find someone else. I'd do all that and everything would be okay, I thought. I looked everywhere in the world *but* within.
Robert Newman, head of the agency’s malaria programme, cautions over the risks of draining scarce resources for tackling the disease. “Our effort is to provide guidelines on the tools that are most appropriate,” he says. “We need to maximise the use of resources, financial and human.” The Ghanaian ministry of health declined to comment.
I ran screaming into the bedroom.
I always assumed that the book was about misers. Freeville sounds thrifty, right? Dickinson is funny on the show, so I gave it a shot.
One at a time, dredge each chicken breast in the flour (coating both sides thoroughly and shaking to remove excess), in the eggs then in the panko (pressing to make sure the breadcrumbs adhere to the chicken). Transfer to the prepared wire rack. Repeat with each piece of chicken. Spray the tops of the chicken breasts with nonstick cooking spray.
Maya Angelou said, “People don’t care how much you know until they know how much you care.”
In November 2011, the city began taking steps to tear down the remaining hospital buildings. "The city Buildings Department issued an emergency declaration in June to demolish what formerly was Staten Island’s first voluntary hospital," according to the Staten Island Advance. "The HPD has hired a demolition company, and site preparation work started earlier this week to clear a safety zone." The overgrown land around the hospital campus has since been bulldozed, removing trees and rubble. Some residents remain hopeful that they may still find a reprieve for the Frost building, but, as the Staten Island Advance pointed out in a 2009 editorial, "If the long-abandoned Frost Memorial Tower is landmarked, then what? Landmarking, in and of itself, saves nothing. It prevents the owners of landmarked properties from making changes perhaps. But it does nothing to protect abandoned buildings."
Once a bucket full is picked, the women will gather under a shade tree, and squeeze each worm like a tube of toothpaste to remove the stomach and innards. It’s a messy business. When the bucket is full, the women return to the road and their harvest is collected and taken away to be dried or smoked. Dried mopane worms can be eaten as a snack, or later soaked and fried or put into a stew. I tried a dried one once – just a little bit – and it tasted like leaves to me, but some say they taste like honey roast chicken…… You try and let me know what you think.
i've been told that any time i'm freaking out that i can go down to the hospital and get a scan.
There is a phenomenon in English art: a seven year-old Kieron Williamson. He has an indefinable knack that is called genius. This is artistic judgement in the practice of painting when one knows instinctively what to put and where. He has natural qualities: perspective, choice of colours. He has them automatically but perspective is a technique for realising the vision and choice of colours is part of the expression of the vision.
Also, since I don't love how the leftovers heat up with the sour cream in the sauce, and since I serve individual plates, unless I know I'm not going to have leftovers, I often plate each dish and then top each serving of the meatball goulash with a little sour cream. This allows each diner to stir it in to get the requisite marbled effect.
Overall, I found the story to be within the coming of age type, because she delt with a lot that teens go through today. Whether it be drugs, sex, or suicide, she got through it all, and set some good examples. And as I read on, and got to know the characters more, the more I got into the story, so it's not like you're going to be confused while reading it.
Care to guess what tomorrow's roll call topic is going to be?
The hearing is being held at the Hurley Inn and starts 10:00 A.M.
here are a few shots from this past saturday's dinner (pardon my amateur photography skills and crappy camera - i need a new one!) :
A friend of mine used to say you weren't in a real city unless you could do two things: jaywalk and hail a cab.
I took a step back and looked at what had happened. I knew my lifestyle was unsustainable. Yet I kept doing it every day, as if somehow by doing the insane, I would somehow find sanity.
Today history is made!!!
Wednesday – A woman had an unhealthy and youthful relationship with a man, and when they broke up she was devastated. She’s since met someone new, and their relationship has grown into something healthy and mature. However, she misses the turbulence of the first relationship, and somehow yearns for the oscillation between passion and anger. She’s going to be back in town soon, and wants to see her ex to determine if she misses him.
" There she goes! " there are other eyes watching her coming . . .
And with a bank holiday coming up on Monday it seems appropriate to report on a blog article that reports how many British families are getting compensation from their banks for insurance policies for financial products that were mis-sold in the past.
6) The Bush/Cheney/Gonzalez-orchestrated purging of justice department employees who were not considered sufficient party loyalists - and then LYING about the reason, thus smearing their reputation immeasurably, and unfairly, and GOD I HATE THEM
Attach the bowl to the mixer fitted with the whisk attachment. Beat the egg-white mixture on high speed until it holds stiff (but not dry) peaks. Continue beating until the mixture is fluffy and cooled, about 6 minutes.
Short but careful work from Carson as he deals with suffering and what the Bible has to say about it and why it happens and how God has called us to respond.
Current scientists, like doctors, have not been looking at this potential problem because they have assumed the chemical composition of the sea is constant just like our blood pH. This is not case for the oceans or our blood. The oceans and our blood are constantly trying to maintain their alkalinity at the expense of the coral for the ocean and the bones for our blood.
The result of my nocturnal bravery was that I slept only for a few hours, and consequently went to work looking like Cousin It...
Clifford
In honour of surviving his Senior Mid-Term exams, my son and I went for Tea at Lady Di's British Tea Shoppe. We went forth into the Glorious Sunshine, sharing a pleasant afternoon of excellent conversation & laughter. We were seated near the cozy fire, surrounded by other happy chatting tea-goers.
That reminds me – my book is on a special offer by the way… on Amazon 77p (1.24$)
My ever resourceful brother made an annoyingly keen observation. If I can just get over the coolness of having it be an actual piece of urban memorabilia from the city I love, this seems like it would be a fairly easy DIY project with Adobe Illustrator + large format printer.
life, the doors of yesterday, today
Again, another expression of CONSTANCY, not terminus.
Combine all the ingredients together, banana straight out from the freezer. Make sure your mixer can withstand the frozen banana, otherwise wait until the banana defrosts a bit. Turn on the power to the mixer, and hold the button until it’s smooth but a bit heavy. Done!
-Repeat with the remaining wonton wrappers, egg, and chocolate-hazelnut spread.
I am convinced that we are operating under the best method offered by Oregon Law to finance the operations and maintenance of the road within our Cammann Road District. No viable alternatives have been presented during our tenure for financing within the law.
We got to the park and did a little car-scouting (which pleased my two passengers no end as the didn't have to walk anywhere) until we found a short circle-trail along the creek and through a little bit of woods. Despite complaints to the contrary we did not walk the entire Appalachian Trail (2100 miles), we walked maybe a mile on a nearly completely flat trail.
Impassioned, knowledgeable speakers and a lively, engaged audience — including two Takoma Park city council members, Seth Grimes and Kay Daniels-Cohen — made for a very successful NDAA forum last night at the Takoma Park Community Center.
Today I’m thinking about teaching beginners yoga. I am wondering why there aren’t any yoga teachers pounding down my door to ask to teach beginners at my studio? Perhaps they do not understand the value of this. Perhaps I don’t understand the value enough to share it!
and heard heard her breathless sighs
Unfortunately this set is missing a few cards (the pieces to make the creature on the envelope), but I've put together a nice animal show below.
Level 17: STR: +51, Increases your attack speed.
Toilet has a new flusher…this one flushes up.
Finally his exasperated partner asked, "What is taking so long?"
This year, let’s try and push the envelope (and maybe win some awards!)
Today was a scorcher even as the sun rose. My morning run like mid-day heat. Hot. Sticky. Our mid-morning bike ride quickly interrupted by, "Can we turn around and go home? I'm thirsty!". The sun's rays darkening the shoulders of my boys before my eyes. Summer is here.
Splotchy: howwwwllllllll
* It’s now £1.99 but still a steal!
Mya: Is it a Nana day?
The band has reunited and will be making appearances at various openings all over the UK in 2012. Steps tickets are available on www.liveticketexchange.com for those interested.
Others may comment, "There's always the electronic publication path. Sell your book on Amazon." Or, "I don't care about the corporations. They don't care about me. I know I can do well self-publishing and be my own boss." Hmmm.
Fletcher: Well if he hasn’t got it, I don’t see how I can put my hand on it, sir. And if he has, I’m not sure that I want to, you know what I mean?
See you in Church!
2010.07.29 Afghanistan Ghazni 8 3 Eight security guards are ambushed and murdered by religious extremists.
If the Police arrive to lock you up, say nothing. You are a decent person and you may think that reasoning with the Police will help. “If I can only explain, they will realise it is all a horrible mistake and go away”. Wrong. We do want to talk to you on tape in an interview room but that comes later. All you are doing by trying to explain is digging yourself further in. We call that stuff a significant statement and we love it. Decent folk can’t help themselves, they think that they can talk their way out. Wrong.
This image was taken years ago, it was a time when I had a couple of days off, so I headed up to Scotland, a little place called Queens View, Loch Tummel. It’s near Pitlochry, from where I used to live, it was about a 3 hour drive.
How had I never realized this before?
Further I asked, “Daddy would love to understand why you no longer want to partake in dead animal flesh, from poorly mistreated animals, that were probably beaten and abused before they got on our plate.” She replied that, “She doesn’t like the taste of meat.” This response sent Daddy into a tizzy. I immediately started yelling which is Daddy’s first and only line of defense. As I screamed at my daughter that she could have approached her new found vegetarianism in so many different ways and that I feel like she has decided to become a vegetarian as a way of rebelling against Daddy and I feel like she is holding a shotgun to my head. I told her I would never conform to this and she can now consider herself a starvetarian because Daddy will no longer feed her.
“Development and progress of the Mekong region is the key to development and stability in East Asia,” Noda said at the fourth Japan-Mekong summit.
This is Reuben's plant. It's a small plant which can prickle the Gruffalo's toes, avoiding the prickles on it's back!
Shame is a dirty word. I’ve decided to take it back.
Adam fell that men might be; and men are, that they might have joy.
Well, life is, and should be,
“Aye… Indeed… Though I am surprised that you would remember such a thing, as you were just an infant” replies Moskk, who has now begun to lead the party into a great dining hall, where there is a large wood and golden table.
My adventure began by making my own faux marble background paper with home made Perfect Pearls mists and Distress Inks re-inkers. The recipe I used is as follows:
been thinking about my favorite places. The pool I like best lies in the woods near a place called Rip Rap Hollow in the Blue Ridge Mountains. A splendid falls cascades up above, but I like the pool far more. We always meant to go back, but never have. The cold water ripped through me like liquid ice and is as clear as melted crystal.
I must have done ok. I got through the first round of tests and then the second one. A few weeks later, before I'd even really thought about it, I was on my way to an interview.
18And another angel came out from the altar, which had power over fire; and cried with a loud cry to him that had the sharp sickle, saying, Thrust in thy sharp sickle, and gather the clusters of the vine of the earth; for her grapes are fully ripe.
On Monday, Averil Dean wrote about the difficulty of writing a bio. Who is Averil Dean, you ask? That's exactly what she was trying to capture in a paragraph. Not an easy task for any of us, but perhaps even more so for a writer because without any formal training (as many of us do not have any), how does one tie a seemingly unrelated background to a legitimate standing in the world of publishing?
This Peekamoose pattern looks incredibly comfy and so up my alley. I'm actually going to search my stash this evening to see if I don't have anything on hand to knit this for myself.
Stay Extraordinary,
“We were going to go as a family,” he said. “My daughter would have had her camera and everything.”
One of the main advantages of The O technology, is that you don't experience those shuffling lines along the walls that you would normally get in galleries, as everyone lines up to read the (tiny) information card and then shuffles on past the artwork itself. At MONA, people tend to roam organically, reading information on The O in the middle of the galleries and then wandering over for a closer look at the artwork itself.
“Yeah, those things are full of rabies”.
Little Black Drops by El Pathos
We've been working like crazy around this place to get things in order and livable. Look for pictures soon.
Papers: Quite Contrary line by My Mind's Eye
It's hard to believe it has been one year since the horrible Fogel murders in Itamar. Here's an amazing post about the children, how they are - and how they remain an inspiration for all of us: A Visit with the Fogel Children on JewishMom.com
Second Life is a dangerous place for ad agencies and brands; you can be pilloried, boycotted, picketed and even fire-bombed. This passionate community of people demand to be spoken to as individuals; they require a fair value exchange for their time, they react badly to being lumped into groups and they are vocal about their bad and good experiences. Brands need to tread carefully in the new age of… wait….hold on a second, brands need to behave in exactly the way they used to before mass media, demography, laziness and discipline fragmentation made it easier to broadcast our message at people rather than talk with them about it.
Ok seriously, you actually think queerfolk are actually accepted in mainstream society? We are accepted as novelties on tv and in the movies, but not as valued human beings in the "real world." As a shining example of this point(and the fact that Montrose is dying as a bastion and sanctuary for the queer community) I was out at a supposedly "everyone" bar(i.e. Not exclusively gay bar)with my boyfriend the other night to celebrate my birthday. He kissed me at midnight in celebration and the table next to us began making comments about how they " did not need to see that" and quite specifically "thats fine in the privacy of their own home, but in public? Eww" So Gide you tell me if we are accepted in mainstream culture? Keep in mind this was in MONTROSE! So yes we do need our own safe spaces! And yes we will express displeasure as we lose them! From what I've seen(and this isn't the only example of growing homophobia in what was once our Gayborhood) when you start gentrifying an area you displace the people and culture which were already there. And generally speaking, the people that come along with that gentrification tend not to be so open minded.Ironically, if it'd been two lesbians kissing the next table would have probably been all "Oooh, that's hot!" because it's okay for two women to kiss and reinforce your little fantasies (even if they'd never let you near them in bed ever). Two guys kissing? DISGUSTING!
484
Ava and I have been talking about taking the kids overseas for a while now and, after a couple of opportunities popped up on our radar screen, we decided it was time to start the process of getting passports for them. One of the more worrisome elements of this process for me was getting the necessary pictures done. Passport photos have to be arranged in a particular way. The subject has to be standing alone against a blank background and looking directly at the camera. Pip is old enough to follow instructions and not get freaked out by having some stranger with a camera standing between him and me. With Polly, I wasn’t so sure. I had visions of her being nervous and uncooperative. Then, I imagined, I would have to try and hold her while ducking down low enough to be out of the frame of the picture as the photo clerk struggled to get her to look directly at the camera long enough to get a good shot. It was not a situation I wanted to deal with. But, we needed the pictures so I packed up Pip and Polly and took them down to the local Walgreens.
2) That the charity Searchlight Educational Trust (SET) is neither legally constituted as a Trust, nor does it act as one. The use by SET of the term ‘Trust’ is therefore fundamentally misleading.
Now I don’t know what happened, but I’m back to writing on paper. Before this, I did start to write my morning pages on paper, and this could have triggered something in me. All I know is when I was having trouble writing something for work; I turned to paper. I guess it was also because my work computer that time was always freezing up, but it was also a matter of instinct. I just felt compelled to turn to paper.
But I’m afraid of heights
Colorado 7-Feb 36 12 17 2 1
Meanwhile, we are privy to a discussion amongst the folks that own the giant robots and flew Jonah in from Seattle to New York in order to take care of Batman. They are discussing their chances of successfully getting the robots armed and if they can't bribe Batman, maybe Jonah Hex will kill him.
And he also realized that everything had pretty much been a lie. From the beginning. The party. She must have found out he was an actor, and that's why her attitude had changed. Why hadn't he noticed it before? Well, he probably had noticed it. But he had denied it. He wanted her attention so badly. Love can do that to you. Infatuation too. It makes you believe in things that are completely not true.
As he stumbled out from the bedroom this morning towards the coffee-maker, I was packing up the kiddos for a day-long outing. I told him, "see you at six, and we'll bring dinner with us," and headed off, leaving him to a day of reading the newspaper, playing piano, reading a book about Clapton, and generally lounging about in his pj's.
What Luther is trying to tell us is that we need to hear the truth of the gospel on a continual basis! As humans, we are prone to forget, and so we need to be recharged each week by the teaching at church. This recharging gives us the strength to cope with the trials of life and to persevere in the name of Christ.
I called and made the appointment with the counsellor today, its Friday. Providing I haven’t been committed to an asylum before then that is.
2:30 – 4 p.m.– Charlotte Digregorio, “Polish Your Haiku for Publication.” This workshop will include lecture, analysis of great haiku, and critique of participants’ work. Participants will receive training on the finer points of writing haiku to ensure that their submissions are first-rate. Handouts will include samples of haiku, along with an extensive bibliography and list of resource tools for haikuists to take their writing to publication level. Highly recommended for beginning and intermediate haikuists.
Too pumped full of fear and corporate product placements
Fathers and sons are often the most competitive of men. Sons spend their entire lives trying not just to live up to their fathers but to exceed them. Fathers are often wary of their sons attempts to do just that and can come to resent the success of their sons, particularly when it overshadows their own.
my vibration as it made me feel good about myself.. Being around like minded
Wait. Scratch that.
-Do recognize that in addition to the physical after effects I may experience, I'm going to be grieving for quite some time. Please treat me as you would any person who has endured the tragic death of a loved one - I need time and space.
As I previously mentioned, the rain situation has been incredible over here, and we have been searching for ways to keep the rain stored. The barrels are to be attractive features, and part of the garden decor. While browsing the Internet, I came across pictures of rain chains. I had never heard of them before, so looked into their designs a little more.
Sparks died on March 15, 2011, at age 64, at his home in Mount Vernon, New York. He had diabetes and high blood pressure.
I stood up, and slung my bag onto my shoulder. “You’re never going to know,” I said, as his smug little grin slid off his face. And then I walked my nice ass right out the door.
2. Preoccupation with fantasies of unlimited success, power, brilliance, beauty or ideal love, i.e. they live in their own self-centred world and hate to be reminded that their fantasies don’t match reality.
You can also ease in and out by reusing a word, object, or concept that appears in the previous sentence or paragraph in the beginning of the next paragraph.
“Would they even like art? No, maybe…well, either way, it will look like I’m intelligent.”
By Jim Webb
I am hearing ____________________________________________ .
Well, well, well, look who's here
Jake thrived on his routine and didn’t usually give any resistance to the afternoon nap time. This day however, when I stood him in his crib and went to lay him down, he held on to the side rails and wouldn’t budge. It was like he was made of steel, absolutely immovable. I looked at him with wonder, not knowing what to think of this until I saw the look on his face. He looked right through my eyes and out the back of my head, it felt like. You know that look that your mother gives you when she’s pointing her finger at you and saying,”Now, you listen to me young lady!”? In retrospect I realized that was what I was seeing.
Try the newest made-from-scratch desserts, including cheesecake squares, or top off your meal with ice cream. All included for one price.
"Um, I think it's a little too big for Mommy," I said.
In other words, there now appears to be a way to take control of changes in the brain which, up to now, have been regarded as an inevitable part of aging. Meditation may keep the brain younger, more fit and make it literally larger and faster working, even as we grow older.
before the dinner, here are the details i do have for you:
Which meant I needed to pick it up again for the last mile. So, I did. It was rough and I was pretty miserable as I crested the hill just before the finish line. Still, I finished mile 4 in 8:09.
"shilling system is not only a traditional, pre-decimal, British currency denomination but also an old-style, uniquely Scottish measure for a beers strength. In the 19th century, it referred to the pre-tax price of a British barrel (36 UK gal, about 43-2 US gal or 164 1) or a hogshead (54 UK gal, about 64.8 US gal) of ale. In those days, Scottish ales were brewed to a wide range of differing strengths, from a very weak gravity of perhaps 7.5 P (OG 1.030) to a whopping gravity of perhaps 32.5 P (OG 1.130). The stronger the brew, the more it cost, from roughly 60 to 160 shillings. The classic way of making Scottish ales is by the parti-gyle method, which involves boiling and fermenting the early, heavier runnings and the later, weaker runnings of the same mash separately. See parti-gyle. Parti-gyle beers are often blended from two consecutive batches and sometimes from different-strength runnings. The strongest finished ales were often called Scotch ales or Wee Heavy ales; the mid-range brews were called Export ales and the weaker ones Scottish ales or Two-Penny ales. This nomenclature, however, was never applied consistently, and the technical dividing lines that separate the various shillings ratings have always been somewhat fluid. A typical 60-shilling Two-Penny may have a gravity of 7.5°Plato 8.75 Plato (1.030 1.035); a 70-shilling Export 8.75 P-10°P (1.035-1.040); an 80-shilling Export 10°P-13.75°P (1.040-1.055); a 90-shilling Wee Heavy 13-75°P-19-25ºP (1.055-1.075); and a 140-shilling outlier 23.75°P 32.5°P (1.095 1.130). Shilling ratings are sometimes denoted by the old currency symbol "/-," with "80-shilling" becoming"80/-."The modern drinker, when these antiquated terms are used, simply knows to expect a beer of "normal" strength (4.5% to 5-5% alcohol by volume) to be designated "80 shillings" and something lighter below this number and something heavier above it."
But it is a great house and if you do have to buy, or are willing to pay to get exactly what you want, this one is worth seeing.
DP- Pion
Later on, Oliver and I braved the roads as far as...our own town, to meet my parents for dinner at Cracker Barrel. I noticed an advertisement on the table for winter cloaks, "A Cracker Barrel exclusive at $20."
If top-down approaches to the problem don’t work, then what about bottom-up approaches? Why do any of us publish papers in Elsevier journals? Let me answer that question in my own case. I have a paper in the European Journal of Combinatorics, which I submitted about 20 years ago, before I knew anything about the objections to Elsevier. And what’s more, I didn’t know it was an Elsevier journal until a few days ago. (Part of my reason for listing the journals at the beginning of this post was to make the second excuse less valid for anyone who reads this. A more complete list can be found here.)
Here's another card using the sketch from this week's "Less is More" challenge but this is for the challenge at The Pink Elephant this week, which is Spring! To me it is a season of New Life and so this image from A Day for Daisies is perfect!
Instead I asked the cashier to either put in a phone number of her choosing or to call her manager.
09 - Land of Hope & Dreams
"Because, my way is better."
Since all three of us shoot Nikons, I was able to let them try out the 35mm and the 85mm that I have.
The News of The World is gone, and - apart from a couple of self-regarding journalists - we all think thats abso-fucking-lutely marvelous.
Is open to all,
3.) Heat a generous amount of vegetable oil in a large frying pan on medium or medium high heat.
Part of my 1000 gifts list this days includes...
That one decision was critical in giving birth to desktop publishing.
In May 2005, I think it was, I put a lot of the above POG/MOG and marketing ideas into a document called ‘A big idea for The Big Idea’ (Intute had employed a PR agency called TBI at that time), and I was looking forward to presenting it at a meeting of Intute staff to which I’d been invited as manager of the EEVL Hub. I was hoping that some of the excellent minds within Intute would take my ideas, futher bake them, and come up with a practical plan to implement at least some of them.
I have been trying to both follow and interrogate my instincts; on one hand to allow feeling and energy to be available to the work, on the other to consciously move towards the kinds of choices I would normally avoid. Doubt must be applied to assumptions, pronouncements, assertions, ideas, authorities, habits, discourses, histories; faith to materials, experience, desires, feelings, intuitions. Doubt can function to challenge established categories, belief to foster a trust in tacit, non-verbal knowledge, often in spite of what rational logic dictates.
Ran errands for him.
anything less.
But, I know how the old man’s mind works…… trust me….. I have the same mind…. just in a far more intellectually advanced condition than what he hauls around in his head….
Casually having a fag out of my bathroom window because i’m so upset right now.
And so, while I will always remain polite, I will never again fall into that trap.
I purposely searched the database at the link for one person in particular, a Marine I met in the spring of 1988 as I was on leave between Military Police School and my new unit in Germany. At the time, Jeff Bohr was a Corporal assigned the Marine Corps Security Force Company, Naval Submarine Base King's Bay in Georgia. You can read all about Jeff's valor in combat here.
She asked if I could make two of them using my punch art penguins. Oh boy! Could I?? Here's what I came up with....
See that plastic craft box in the middle? It's one of these boxes you can get at Michael's to keep beads organized. Each cubby is labeled with a letter and the beans are put back in the correct section when the kids finish making their word. If you're looking for a fun new way to practice sight words at home, this is a quick and easy way to practice. You can write the word for your child. They build the word with their bean letters. Then they write the word when they are finished.
Porsche Press Release: World debuts in Los Angeles: Cayman R – the new top-of-the-range model for the mid-engine coupe Lightweight car with exceptionally sporting ambitions.
Overall, this is a nice collection but personally I do not think any of the items are must-haves. If you are a huge fan of Emilio Pucci, the bronzer, brush, and meteorites are all nice collectors items. Although the products all have great pigmentation, I feel that the colors are not particularly unique. We've seen the coral and blue theme in practically every single collection this summer.
So. To business. Here is my two step plan that may or may not propel you into personality cult status.
3. Clouds
As the band split apart, with Amanda concentrating on her first solo album, I felt a sense of sadness, but ultimately knew that Amanda would continue to wow us with her wit and wordplay. To support her efforts, well aware that she was going broke in the process of recording due to knowing several musicians, I jumped at the chance to preorder the album, snagging the highest tier of package, $100 US I simply did not have, but found anyway. The album arrived, and was her strongest work as a whole to date. I enthused about it to anyone who gave me a moment’s time. I played it endlessly. I referenced it as a writing soundtrack for several works posted online, encouraging my readers to check her out.
-fear of reality
These are the things that are worrying me at the moment:
8. Jane Smith at How Publishing Really Works
The journal itself describes the idea this way:
Read mammal books: Pulled out a lot of our non fiction mammal books and sat on the couch looking at them! As we were reading we talked about the features of mammals: all mammal mothers give their babies milk, most have hair, most are born live (not from a hard egg), are warm blooded, and breathe through lungs.
I ask you, who wouldn’t pay for a chicken that does that?
I began a few years ago reaching out to publishers and saying we collectively needed to understand that the old models were dead or dying. I want publishing to survive, and of course I'd like my own career to thrive. So Egmont Publishing and my partners and I certainly hope this is a part of the future of publishing.
Evils Imminent
Welcome Back!!!
SPOILERS!! Some spoilers ahead!
I can't really bring myself to write about what's happening here. I'd feel like a hospital orderly describing the last days of a dying vagrant. And I'm not up for that.
which considers the possibility of spelling reform. It answers arguments against reform and lists and discusses the words which contain the most unpredictable English spellings. The titles of those posts are listed further down.
Today I was looking through my fabric stash, and I came across another 3 pillowcases, one of them being my most favorite one I ever made. It's a "Cat in the Hat" fabric with coordinating fabrics. It's just too cute! So I dug around some more and found fabric to make 1/2 dozen more. One is a snowflake theme, 2 are zoo animals, 1 is hearts themed, 1 is bright blue/yellow flowers print and the last one is bright dinosaurs. It's an opportunity to give to people/children who are hurting, needy and need someone to care about them. And as I sew them together I pray for the person that will receive this pillowcase.
Remember your manners when you decide to visit Thailand, is the quality that is valued.
Dion Francis DiMucci was born in the Bronx in New York City on 18 July 1939. In my humble opinion, Dion is responsible for two of the most definitive records of the 1960's pre-Beatles 1960's sound, Runaround Sue and The Wanderer.
Homemade lasagna sheets from scratch!
well aside from the music not working... microphone set up next to a CD player it was!
Just pop a comment on this post and a link to share the giveaway with your friend :)
It's a bit of a hobby of mine to read baby name books. I love words, and I really love names! I have an ever changing list of awesome names I wouldn't mind naming my kid someday, as well as names that I really like, even though I don't like them quite enough to actually use them... Here is a list of some names that start with A or B (if I did all the letters, the list would be miles long!) that I currently think are awesome. The ones with a * are my absolute favorites.
Transfer the roasting pan to a cooling rack and remove the foil, leaving the ramekins in the water until the custard reaches room temperature. Removed the cooled ramekins from the water bath and refrigerate until chilled, about 2 hours. NOTE: I found that the ramekins were cool enough to touch in about 30 minutes, and they went straight into the refrigerator.
It sounds like he's not arguing against high-density housing; rather, he wants it to be equally forced on the wealthy, so they can discover the joys of Brooklyn slum dwelling with families packaged eight or ten to a room. Another post on his blog, however, reveals that he's made his peace with the single family house ... as long as it's home to a big immigrant family.
Trans-Active Nightzone - Keep On The Dragon (live @ NEON-WELT)
Look around. Who needs you and your influence? If we really want to make a difference, it will happen as we mother those we have borne and those we are willing to bear with. If we will stay right with our youth—meaning, if we will love them—in most cases they will stay right with us—meaning, they will let us lead them. Sheri L. Dew (“Are we not all mothers” Oct. 2001)
Instituted in 1973, the Golden Kite Awards are the only children’s literary award judged by a jury of peers. More than 1,000 books are entered each year. Eligible books must be written or illustrated by SCBWI members, and submitted either by publishers or individuals.
So, with purpose and focus in hand (on my laptop actually) including my About the Blog and a sample first post, I went down to my son, Martin’s for help getting set up on Word Press. He’s the computer expert. That was the beginning of November 2009. Occasionally I still ask him a question about something in Word Press but I’ve learned a lot on my own.
Hosted by Ritallin & Lishai
I want you to finish the title…God reveals what to you ?
This is just an app I am developing on the side. It uses Devanagari scripts to render the text, rather than displaying images as most of the similar apps in the Android Markets do.
Visit my blog, Damask Love for a few photos of how this project came together...
So, when I ventured downtown to meet up with Billie Joe and his entourage I kept with it... dancing arms outstretched and head held back, taking in the sounds, the sights and dancing like I was the only one there. He was singing for me and I was dancing for him.
Finally, in a little bit of mixed interest plugging:
it was time to start using them and I managed to do that with this card!
According to the programme, 80% of the population do not take regular exercise, so it is important to increase the NEAT! So instead of sitting around at your desk all day, walk around the office more; go for a walk at lunchtime! When you clean the house, clean as though your life depended on it (which it probably does!!)! Just keep moving!
So Emotional
All laid out on the table they looked so harmless (only 9 of my digits would agree that sentiment) but we rose to the challenge and now they have been completed! And if I say so myself, they look pretty awesome too.
As a Sales Professional, you have to make the customer feel comfortable and confident about their purchase!
Gregory: there’s no reporting requirement
In a small bowl, whisk dijon mustard, olive oil, apple cider vinegar, salt and pepper together.
Enjoy a taste of the simple life and spend the morning with your family on a working Irish farm. Learn the secrets of scone making and sheep herding, or try your hand at bottle-feeding a baby lamb or piglet. Then savor a home style lunch complete with freshly baked soda bread served piping hot right out the oven.The Cliffs of Moher
Present Participle: Laying
I love to see how God works. He amazes me time and time again. It is sometimes hard to keep faith through the storm, but when you can look back and see that HE was always in control and with us along the way, it feels great!
4.Do you own a dog?
Hmmm. Also, in keeping with my 30s list, I'm ticking off some reading:
In their latest catalogue they highlight the second part of a collection with a Frank Hampson Dan Dare artwork, one of his earliest boards, from Eagle Volume 1 No 33, pubishd in 1950, in which Dan's memory is restored by Volstar the Theron. Hampson's artistic devotion to detail is perfectly illustrated from Volstar's Venusian habitat down to Daniel McGregor Dare's argyle socks!
The elder Mr. Kobayashi said that he has resigned himself to the fact that the man who hit his son will never be found…and it wouldn’t be right for any more police resources to be spent on the search when they could be focused on other cases.
Rounds 6-7: Ch 3. Dc in first 8 dc. Ch 9. Skip 9 dc, dc in the 10th. Dc in each remaining dc around. Join with sl st to top ch of ch 3.
"When I want, I just do what I please,
“I Cover The Waterfront”
Asians have long been the silent minority in this country. It's gotten so bad that when someone makes a racist remark toward Asians, they just shrug it off and make it seem like you're the one making a big deal about nothing. Or they think it's funny. Like a couple of white guys who think they are being clever by opening up a restaurant called "Roundeye Noodle shop" in Philadelphia. And then they are surprised when people get offended? The roots of that racist remark stem from Asians being called slanty-eyed chinks. If anyone thinks "Roundeye" is not racist, you should come explain that to my youngest daughter who had the singular pleasure of being told by two boys in her class that her "small Chinese eyes" were ugly compared to her friend's "blue round-eyes." She was in kindergarten and only 5 years old. She cried for days. Words can scar you for life.
Note that by removing all unnecessary packaging you can save on shipping a lot, since packages become smaller and lighter. But please note that if you will need to return an item, it will have to return it in retail packaging.
This may be a harrowing read, but that is no reason for American schools to ban it. I don’t think this book would be suitable for children, but I think that teenagers could cope with it. Angelou is candid about her life and experiences, and as long as students are aware of the content before they read it, there is no reason to shelter them from the realities of racism and abuse.
I’m ready now to touch
–Playboy
“Lykke. Get off. I need to send this e-mail to my project partner,” Nikolas told his cat patiently.
Deborah Butterfield's horse sculpture appeared to be from driftwood...
Willis Allen Ray was born in 1871, and Robert Jackson Ray in 1873.
A: First of all, Catholicism is not a denomination. Catholicism is the one, true Church, that was founded, authorized, empowered, and eternally guaranteed by Jesus Christ, for the purpose of our salvation.
If you’re looking for holiday content, I’ve written up four Christmas Comics Cavalcades this month and I’ve bookmarked them all for you! Check ‘em out if you haven’t already. I really enjoyed writing about these books and definitely plan on doing another round in December of 2012.
View our Arcon Recruitment for similar vacanices www.arconrecruitment.com
It is entirely possible that I have multiple personalities and one of them is an adolescent boy. Bathroom humor and penis jokes? Count me in!
I mean really!. . .
Why do you think your tragedy is so all-fired terrible?
February 27, 1991, Mayor Agnos struck the symbolic first blow to begin the demolition of the freeway. After leaving office, Agnos remarked that “The best decision I made as mayor was to demolish that freeway. It removed that scar and opened up one of the most important parts of this city for development.”
Picasso Museum
I thought maybe this was just an issue with crafters and the insanely delusional portion of the Etsy sellers population, but I started noticing this phenomena on other websites, most of which are either “lifestyle” or “mommy” blogs.
32 oz tomato sauce
1. Keep alive your love for one another. Love your spouse dearly and fervently. Love will suppress wrath; you cannot be bitter over little things with someone you dearly love; much less will you descend to harsh words, aloofness, or any form abuse. (15)
_____I don't wish to brag, but my cell phone has this function where you press a series of numbers and you can actually talk to someone on the other end in real time. (funny cell phone quote)
So while it’s easy to make the developer the target--it’s a TV story line: corrupt officials, big developer, overdevelopment--we can all write that script. We’ve seen it on TV a million times. But when you peel back the onion, there’s not a shred of truth to it. Everyone knows the hundreds of meetings I’ve been to.
Chris looked left about ten houses and saw the access road to the woods. Then he lined up the blood trail on the lawn again, eyed it over the house and trees, and wondered if it were at all headed into with the clearing and the hole that he had almost fallen into.
In 1899, Ada’s mentor, Augustin Daly died at the age of 61, but she continued to appear on stage, mostly in the same roles in which he had cast her. She carried on acting for a short while but despite her popularity with audiences and the acting skill and beauty that William Winter describes, she never achieved any success in her career, and six years later, in 1905 she retired from acting and settled in New York, where, in 1916 she died.
Brush the bread with butter or olive oil (I put mine in a panini press rather than grilling it, and it was still incredibly messy).
The new estimates of reef sharks compared numbers around populated islands with those living near uninhabited ones. The results were sobering, say researchers.
Q: You’d be different from Laura Bush?
pound just prior to Good Friday.
“A lot of wonderful people love their country and hate the military.”
Twitter: @NoHackNet
305In each low wind methinks a spirit calls,
4.) French knots
Using a cookie press is a rather simple procedure of filling the tube of the press with cookie dough and turning a knob on top of the tube, or pulling a trigger, to extrude the dough through the decorative plates at the other end. However, there are a few tricks to ensure the proper dough consistency. Start with refrigerator temperature butter. Then gradually cream in the sugar until the mixture is light and fluffy but avoid over-creaming, as it will cause the mixture to increase in volume and become too soft to work with. If your dough becomes too soft while mixing, you can add a couple tablespoons of flour or refrigerate your empty press before filling it with the room temperature dough. Always form your spritz cookies directly onto a cool, ungreased cookie sheet and bake until they are just set or slightly brown. Not over-baking will produce cookies that are melt-in-your-mouth tender. While butter is traditionally used to make butter cookies, margarine or shortening can be substituted. Neither will provide the same butter flavor, but cookies made with shortening will hold their shape better in the oven. After baking, remove the cookies immediately and transfer to cooling racks. Spritz cookies are versatile, in that they can be sprinkled, iced, decorated with candies, dipped in chocolate or made with tinted dough to match any occasion.
And falling asleep in his arms, knowing that although the future isn't ever a guaranty, that I am able to plan for it, dream it and live every single day to the fullest.
_______________________________________________________________________________
Can you guess what that spells?
Happy New Year, all you Gregorian calendar users! I'd like to promise that I will blog more this year, but with 3 major projects on the go I know I would never be able to keep that promise. I do have some goals for the blog, though. My passion right now is baking and trying to make vegan baked goods accessible to all home bakers. That being said, my menus need a real kick in the pants these days so I would like get some new dishes up as well. This recipe is sort of a mix of these two goals, so enjoy!
and that whenever an acre of land is degraded, an acre of degraded land is restored and recovered.
Now picture the scene. By the side of the road a group of male hitchhiker are trying to catch a ride. A nineteen-year-old girl stops to pick them up. The guys refuse to get in. They don’t trust her, they say; they fear they are going to be raped!
I face certain limitations, be it imperfect Japanese and a paltry travel budget. But when I do get out and about, I will be on the hunt for ji-beer. Meanwhile, from home here in Mie, I will do what I can ... like converting skeptical locals who think the good stuff is bad.
“What are you doing?” the girl’s father shouted.
So there you go. Thanks ladies, for boosting my stamping ego just a smidge! ;)
just so you can straighten me out
In autumn 2003 I thought our (then) garden looked so lovely, I wanted to capture it and began taking photos. This was one of them. To me it is a magical photo with elements unexplained. At least that is what I see.
August 26, 2011: Shahbaz Taseer, son of assassinated Punjab Governor Salmaan Taseer, was kidnapped in broad daylight by armed abductors from Lahore District. Accusing TTP of being behind the crime, his brother Sheryar Taseer told the media a day after the abduction, “Our family has been receiving threats from the Taliban and extremist groups.” On October 17, 2011, Interior Minister Rehman Malik said that the abductors were keeping Shahbaz Taseer in areas near the Pak-Afghan border and that he was alive. No demand letter has been received and his whereabouts are still not known. It is believed that Shahbaz Taseer is being held to force the family to accept a token financial compensation under Pakistan’s (Islamic) Diyyat law, so that the death sentence against his father’s assassin, Malik Mumtaz Hussain Qadri, is not executed.
Not only must we accept that basic properties of our universe are accidental and uncalculable. In addition, we must believe in the existence of many other universes. But we have no conceivable way of observing these other universes and cannot prove their existence. Thus, to explain what we see in the world and in our mental deductions, we must believe in what we cannot prove.
An air force raid on a Boko Haram bomb workshop in northern Kogi State destroyed the facility. While the terrorists were able to escape before troops could get to the remote area, much evidence of bomb making and Boko Haram was found.
First, a disclaimer: I have actually never used Instagram, so my knowledge of it comes from reading, from Pinterest, and from Shep, who cuts my hair.
Which brings us to the magical portal of presence this week . . .
If you must hold the popovers, remove them from the pan, let them cool completely, and store them plain in an airtight container at room temperature for up to 2 days. When ready to serve, refresh them in a 350-degree oven for 4 to 5 minutes and then brush with the butter and toss in the brown sugar. Makes 10 to 12 popovers.
It's also extraordinary that Obama has followed in Nixon's footsteps by expanding a pointless, hopeless war that he inherited from a predecessor, particularly since it's clear if we leave Afghanistan 10 days from now or 10 years from now the result will be the same.
The rat snickered
Skipping Stones Design - Margarita Birthday stamp set
We move to Naik’s explanation of John 10:30. Naik again stated that the context of this particular verse is crucial in properly understanding it, and we wholeheartedly agree.
This is THE craft beer festival
“They picked the right one and they did it the right way,” said Gareb Shamus, whose company Wizard Entertainment Group runs several of the Comic-Con fan conventions around the nation. “When you do that you’ve got a franchise that could last forever.”
I put a little muffin case inside so at the end I don't have to do any washing up (yay)!
Anyway, here is the basic breakdown of how my 749 parent respondents answered the online question, “Which color do you most prefer?” The colors here are the same ones they saw online (individual monitors vary, of course), ordered according to relative gender preference:
- DA offers Brooklyn stoners -- and those guilty of a dozen other crimes -- a Get Out of Jail free Card. Today only! Village Voice
By the way, the rodent family does not include rabbits; because rabbits have an extra pair of incisors and in other skeletal features. Rabbits, hares, and a few other species make up the Lagomorpha. The Lagomorpha members are commonly called Lapines.
But looking, nonetheless.
by the masses(men)...
Because I still feel lost at sea
Nothing too big or small
Ice Candy?!?! That just looks like a regular Popsicle. I know you are thinking that. Thanks to our hosts this month for the Kulinarya cooking club :Arnold of Inuyaki and Jun of Junblog, the theme is ice candy. You are probably wondering what is ice candy. It is the Filipino version of a freeze pop if you grew up eating those. I actually still have some in my freezer. It is a Popsicle in a plastic tube for easy transport. Unfortunately, I was not able to find the packaging so I decided to make Popsicles. The base of this summer treat is fruit juice, sugar, fruit, and sometimes milk. I search my stash of ingredients and load and behold I found some strawberry puree, crushed pineapple, and macapuno (young coconut). So I went to work.
The Railway Servants' Orphanage in Derby placed models of Stephenson's Rocket on railway platforms in the 1880s. When a coin was inserted, the clockwork mechanism would spring into action and the engine would come to life. No doubt this was a very effective way of using 'pester power' to extract pennies from travel-worn parents!
Aliases: Many
Sometimes one has the feeling that Borders and their ilk are not merely camp followers of the EU-UN-transnationalist sovereignty-killers. Instead, they seem to be in the forefront of the American faction devoted to bringing us down.
The older Tommy gets, the more I'm curious about what he observes. What does he see Todd and I modeling for him about relationship and marriage and love? What do I want him to learn? What did we learn watching our parents and their marriages? How has that impacted us and how we've been doing life together? What needs to change?
Ladies and gentlemen, I give you Manby’s Head:
If you are kind, people may accuse you of selfish, ulterior motives;
Another inspiration came from my cousin.. we talked about movies almost every night, sharing opinions with each other and we mostly do agree with each other.. I do really enjoyed it so i hope i could pass the entertainment to you guys as well.
Here's how i started the hair... with E25...
If you haven’t been there, you owe it to yourself to experience it. And the best way I can imagine to travel there is with a great shooting team like David Saffir and Jack Lein. They will be running a workshop in the Palouse, June 19-23. These are seasoned landscape photographers who have something to offer any level of photographer. Its a pleasure to shoot with them anywhere, but especially in a location like the Palouse.
(Quran, 15:9)
And, somehow, that's comforting.
Jonsi: Yes, I think so. With Med Sud I Eyram Vid Spilum Endalaust we'd kind of made an upbeat, festive pop record and it got to the point where we'd had enough of that so it seemed the right time to do something else.
Note: We never completely finish thoughts around here in hopes that the X-fit apes will do some further research on their own…A good way to start this today would be firing up the old Google machine and searching the saying above…Or Sisyphus for the really meat headed X-Fit apes!
We met lots of lovely new couples today, all excited/nervous/giddy about their big day, and we really do hope to be working with many of them soon as they all came across as such lovely people, full of ideas and anticipation about planning their big day. It was wonderful to meet you all!
Talk about pressure.
May those in power renounce corruption and may the incorruptible rise to power!
Maybe a little more about where I am right now:
Paper: Elegant Eggplant, So Saffron, Whisper White, DSP
-Billy Cundiff screws Demick, again
ignoring what He was showing me because I was hoping for a different
Assuming you keep the $18 single day admission price, then offer a full weekend ticket plan for $50 and skip the rest of the items. I love autographs, but the Rick Reuschel complimentary autograph for a VIP ticket isn't worth the extra $100.
Light is caught in your eyes
Hop aroma on the nose (not massive) and crispy pine and orangy grapefruit coming through there.
However its likely that the driver can still make changes to setting on the main map, during the first stint from the steering wheel, but not to the extent where it will go from full aggressive to soft. But simply to find a tactical short term boost or fuel consumption saving, as they normally would during a race.
Back it: Bray +1 is 13/10 with Paddy Power. As mentioned, they won four times against UCD last season. It may be a weaker Bray side but they are capable of frustrating any opponent in the league.
Sorry about the quality of the second picture I was to tired the other night when taking this to change it lol.
Asking Price: $1,950,000
In high-demand, high-cost markets that have rebounded from recession slumps, sellers are now firmly in control; they pay scant attention to low-ballers.
Megg: I am revealing a new cover for my novel, Sleepers, this week! Plus, I have two sequels to Sleepers coming out in 2012. I will also be releasing a short story that has a connection to the Cloud Prophet Trilogy, hopefully in January. I never stop writing. :D
“Let me draw your attention,” — Vladimir continued after a pause, — “to an important historical episode, which was never understood by almost all people. I am referring to the words of Jesus Christ, spoken by Him to His disciples when He was saying goodbye to them during the preparation for Calvary. He was trying to explain to them that He leaves them only ‘bodily’. But by the Consciousness — He stays with them forever, He will be with them always, will always help them. And for them to feel Him, meditating even during each meal, let them fill themselves with Him (as the Divine Consciousness) — as if with food and drink.
4) Leave a comment in the original post (on Yesternight's Voyage) as to why you love, write, or read speculative fiction and a link to your blog.
So, I spent the first hours of 2012 in the company of happy and loving friends. I hope that augurs well, and I hope I'm able to ring in many more years in similar fashion.
A tree waits in a mid-summer field,
The reason this may be my last Call of Duty purchase is because of the message it sends to game developers and the future generations of gamers. If this Call of Duty doesn’t do anything new and/or revolutionary, what’s the point? Some may say I’m being extreme but if this isn’t the moment for a gamer to be “extreme” about something, when is? Purchasing a game from a franchise that copies and pastes its way to million dollar fame just shows how easily fooled and ignorant the consumer can be. I’m not calling anyone stupid by any means, cause I myself own and play Call of Duty games. The message I wish to convey is that our purchase either funds creativity and innovation or fuels mediocrity and unoriginality. G4′s Xplay did a small feature on asking whether the average gamer had become so jaded that it pushes developers further into a frenzy of duplicating the games of old into higher graphics with the same old story and reused gameplay. I believe we’re on the verge of doing this very thing. When does it stop becoming a mindless recycling of the same and begin rewarding the creative and original? It stops when we stop endorsing it with our purchases. This is why I approach the new Call of Duty installment with caution and skepticism and I advice you to do the same.
I am bringing to life “Eight Songs for a Mad King” it’s an Opera by Sir Peter Maxwell Davies.
2)The race goes through 1 of the nicest areas of downtown Houston
as the world around me turns
Today’s post is an extension of several topics I’ve talked about over the past week. Yesterday, I asked the question, “What is your personal greatness? My personal greatness emerges when my inner gifts are honored and grown and applied to something that really matters.
However, there are some important exceptions to this general rule of Middle Eastern history being written by Western thinkers – the most important being Edward Said. Said was a literary critic by training, and a Palestinian American, and Orientalism remains required reading for anyone interested in Middle Eastern history. In addition, Albert Hourani, a British scholar of Lebanese decent, although not a Muslim, still wrote eloquently about Middle Eastern tradition, and his History of the Arab Peoples is a wonderful read (and the first book on Islamic history I ever read, the summer before I started college).
The Porsche Museum houses a Central Department offering all the historical and contemporary knowledge about Porsche. The Historical Archive of Porsche AG moved also into the new edifice, where portions of it are visible through glass walls from the lobby.
lost among the morbid reality i have just one realization
He had had a few flings here and there, so one can imagine the suspense to an engagement with a lady he did not know. What did he know? She was very accomplished. Raised by a grandmother who was an infamous member of the court of Louis XV, Amélie was well versed in court etiquette. Elegant and graceful, she had been described as "exquisitely beautiful." Elegance and grace certainly don't hurt a girl's beauty!
My seven-year-old daughter and I have recently finished reading four books. Somehow we ended up reading all of them at the same time. We started reading a chapter of each one every night, making bedtime extra long and completely enjoyable. Here are the four books.
As the protest has grown, some of the occupiers have spontaneously taken charge on projects large and small. But many of the people in Zuccotti Park aren’t taking direction well, leading to a tense Thursday of political disagreements, the occasional shouting match, and at least one fistfight.
“Don’t have a website at the moment, we have a Wim the Tim Facebook page.”
Danika Cooley is a freelance children’s writer with a love for God’s Word, history, wisdom and small people. Her work has appeared in magazines including Focus on the Family’s Clubhouse and Clubhouse Jr., Pockets, Devozine, Keys for Kids, and Cobblestone Group’s FACES and Odyssey and in Chicken Soup for the Soul: The Magic of Mothers and Daughters.
El Salvador’s relentless downpour that funneled rain from the mountains into populated valleys below, lasting for more than 3 days, were caused by a low pressure system in the Pacific, and did NOT occur directly as a result of Hurricane Ida, according to weather reports.
"What's a hot rod airplane, Clay?"
Well, um, no. Wicking doesn’t make you cool. It just makes you dry. If you don’t believe me, get all hot and sweaty, then dry your face. Does it feel cooler? I’m going to bet, no.
My heart is shutting down
5.Cook till rice cooks completly in the milk.If desired you can also add heavy cream or condenesed milk for extra richness.
The first hint of a turning point in Melody's character is when she looks at her guitar again, and it is rich and flavorful, like a cool glass of water with a lime in it. I was just beginning to get sick of her whining (even though I could see her point). The pace is absolutely perfect because I'm frustrated when I should be.
I walked by a house where a neighbor is growing heather, what a beautiful thing. I don't know about you, but I'm having quite a green and purple-pink experience lately.
1…“Should we know which foods in our grocery stores are genetically modified?”
A man sat at a metro station in Washington DC and started to play the violin; it was a cold January morning. He played six Bach pieces for about 45 minutes. During that time, since it was rush hour, it was calculated that thousands of people went through the station, most of them on their way to work.
“I’m sure my Dauntless companions are disappointed,” she says, “that you have not tried to claw my eyes out yet.”
"The magic doesn't cover preventative treatment, only aftercare. Like our craptastic HMO."
Place wheat and salt in a medium sized pan. Add 3 1/2 cups water and bring to a boil. Reduce heat and simmer 1 hour (you can do this step ahead of time and refrigerate until ready to use). Heat oil in a large pot over medium-high heat. Add onion, bell pepper, garlic, chili powder, cumin, oregano, salt and pepper, and cook, stirring occasionally, until tender, about 5 minutes. Add beans, tomatoes, chipotle to taste, broth and brown sugar. Bring to a boil over high heat, reduce heat, cover, and simmer for 25 minutes. Stir in cooked wheat and heat through, about 5 minutes more. Remove from the heat. Stir in lime juice. Garnish each bowl with avocado and cilantro.
3 And there were four leprous men at the entering in of the gate: and they said one to another, Why sit we here until we die?
Instead of taking a package tour, why not plan your own vacation. No doubt it is a longer process as you have to do your own research and decide what you want to do within your budget. The good thing for such a plan – you are your own boss. Wake up as early or late as you wish. This is versus the pain of early wake-up calls for a package tour.
We wanted kids too,
Now I'm not talking about loving em all night long at the same time, if you know what I mean, What two (or more) consenting adults do in private is completely down to them.
The Curse runs through our bloodstream, passed on from father to son, and manifests itself as an unseen entity residing within the unconscious. I can’t say for sure how far back it goes, but more than likely it transverses four generations of men.
Now you’re ready to pray, but first you must put those prayer clothes on! For women, a long dress or abayba/jilbab, is necessary and must be long enough to cover arms to wrists and down to feet. You may also wear pants with a long shirt that covers your bottom. I usually wear a long dress with pants under if going to the mosque. You also need to cover your hair with a head scarf and that includes neck, chest and ears. Men can wear a regular shirt, without logos on them and pants or shorts that cover below knees. Don’t forget to make sure the clothes are clean and free from dirt and / or bodily excrement’s including urine, blood, etc.
Is it that one is essentially good and one essentially bad? Or is one simply a more extreme version of the other?
E37
It's late, but it's quiet. I'm learning to take my new life day by day. I struggle with this new role God has placed me in...not because I don't think I can handle it with His grace, but because it's not one I chose. It doesn't seem to fit (yet). I ache to be home with my kids--playing, changing diapers, cleaning up the milk that spilled again. To be scrubbing who knows what off the kitchen table...would make me happier than any woman in the world.
Will try blueberries, strawberries, kiwi, etc as well as the banana in this smoothie. Yum yum!
The real epiphany moment came some months later. I had bought my first TML shirt in their after Christmas sale (OK, second if you count the pink one). It was from their recently launched slim fit range in blue twill. I couldn’t bring myself to buy a 16½ (old habits die hard) so bought a 17 instead. It fit pretty well, I thought. So I was looking for another shirt and popped into the TML shop on the Strand after a meeting in central London. I thought I might try out a 16½ this time round so asked the attractive shop assistant how significant the size difference was between a 16½ and 17 shirt.
Much love and light to you this week!
While all this emphasis by Jesus on the numbers involved in the bread miracles might seem to be a mere complaint at the disciples’ lack of faith in Jesus’ desire and ability to take care of them, there is a bigger issue involved: the disciples’ have yet to put two and two together and realize that Jesus is more than another miracle-working prophet, even though the disciples witnessed the two bread miracles up close and gathered the abundant left-overs themselves. Thus the disciples have had many a sign given them, yet have still not learned the proper lesson from them.(France)
After a speech one day, Zig Ziglar was approached by someone in the audience who said:
Inasmuch as near every Republican candidate is imploding before even a single primary election vote has been cast, it is likely that President Obama will run unopposed in 2012.
The tables tumbled, the merchants fled. The Pharisees stormed across to each other, then to the door, then re-entered striding with purpose, only to stop far distant, gesticulating and exclaiming to each other, like actors playing in the audience, without a part in this magnificent drama on what had been their own stage. In those with nothing to lose from the scourge a thrill arose, like the thrill of lightning and the clap of thunder when a brewing storm finally breaks. And as it broke a lightness filled the air, and amidst the tempest the gentle rain of Jesus’ tears began to fall as he sailed atop the thunder cloud of cleansing, until all was spent, and he sat again, and wiped his eyes and his brow.
Elizabeth Geitz: An Episcopal Priest and award-winning author of numerous books including Soul Satisfaction: Reclaiming the Divine Feminine and Gender and the Nicene Creed and her most recent book I Am That Child: Changing Hearts and Changing the World. Elizabeth’s books have been hailed by Desmond Tutu, John Berendt, and Helen Prejean.
When Americans realize that much of the rest of the world is not our friend, then they will regard much of the rest of the world as our enemy. And I can guarantee you that the rest of the world really does not want a Jacksonian America as its enemy.
But there is more. How can it be? I am now reading from Colossians 2:9, 10. “For in him dwelleth the fullness of the godhead bodily. And ye are complete in him.”
He was SO EXCITED about everything! We have a bunch of shots of him holding different things up to show us with the same excited look on his face.
Her favourite daughter, from the four she had produced, wasn’t the one in the prettiest dress, but rather the one who could make her clothes last longest between washes.
“While the LSEN pupils are allowed to progress at their own pace, they now will also have to be assessed on the same scale as normal pupils. Thus a LSEN-child in grade 3 which cannot even spell its own name, will now be required to achieve 60% passrates – and the teachers will have to assess and reassess them over and over again until they actually receive that score…
no other personnel listed
Check this out, some guy (again I am not belittling the loss of life-but raising awareness)
The Farnham Report can reveal that just four weeks before openly gay Mr Ashby launched a civil case against his boss Peter Slipper alleging sexual harrasment, Mr Pyne and Mr Ashby met late on the evening of March 19 and enjoyed drinks together for some two hours in Mr Slipper’s office.
The root of the word “heal” comes from the word “whole” – so why do we insist on the separation and competition? – Lea-ann Harder
941 ***D-IV/17/1986. “Article VI of the Constitution of 1787.” Gannett Lecture Series, Rochester Institute of Technology, Rochester, New York. (Incorporated in Item C-1986(6), above, and in Item B-4, above, pp. 196-214, 325-27 (1989).)
Then it’s onto the Glasgow City Inter-Brewpub Link Route (or Cathcart Road as it’s also known), up and down the hills, across the bridge over the West Coast Main Line and the new motorway, and through the Gorbals.
Lori Petty (Free Willy)
I didn’t know that, although I have seen quite a few blog posts that have referred to it, so obviously some people knew. I just wondered at why people were mentioning it all of a sudden.
Notes on Contributors / 149
Ink pad- Memento;
My friend Niki of Bombshell Shocked Vintage had some of the most unique skirts I'd ever seen including the one above with appliqued playing cards and the sweet dance skirt below.
In the flesh.
The image is colored with Copics( I finally bought some, yeeehhh) and is one of my first attemps coloring with Copics...still have a lot to learn.... I cut it out with some nesties and with some dimensionals, I popped it on the card...
Through their exiles in the desert.
“Go on, tell me” she insisted.
There are still some patches on its way and I can't wait to see more pictures - of more patches and also of the progress concerning the assembling of the wallhanging. :)
Well actually, he was a cop in San Francisco for most of his career. But really, he was a writer. I spent hundreds of foggy San Francisco mornings with him throughout my childhood, flying kites at the Marina Green, buying breadsticks on Chestnut Street and taking naps in his arms to the sound of foghorns in the distance.
But the thrill of just the chase
But I can move like Bruce Lee.
“To get recognition for what you have done in your career at any stage is great. I’m coming towards the end of my playing career and I’m privileged to be recognised by the people who I have played against for the last 20-odd years.”
I just sort of smiled and said, “I don’t know, I guess we’ll have to wait and see.”
