The Son cannot do anything on his own, but only what he sees the Father doing.
I had, what I thought, was a point blank straight forward coincidence. Gorgeous, sunny Mid North Coast day (love Autumn in this part of the world... sublime) and I'm walking Billy down the V-Wall (see pic below for it's indescribable charm)...
This one is for you, Arvin. This blogpost and my Dragonfly shoes.
You need to decided which path to follow
God chose me and just like I chose Him, I also choose to have His attitude and words flow through me.
Save: 18
But this time it was different – rather than an overall lack of contentment, I noticed my lack of desire to be content. I whine about my daily and weekly circumstances when in the grand scheme of the other 7 billion on the planet, I’m abundantly blessed. I get cases of “If only…” and “But why can’t _______ happen instead?”
There are a few visual gags inserted here and there. Some are quite subtle and difficult to notice. Just take it as a challenge to find them all.
If you are going to be all that God’s called you to be, you have to learn to stay above strife. Instead of letting disagreements pull your relationships apart, look for common ground to draw you closer to the people in your life. Look for peace. Look for ways to be a blessing. Stay above strife so you can enjoy your relationships and experience the blessing He has for you!
and spoke soothingly to him as he gazed up at me with his sea green eyes.
A few of you mentioned joining Project Life recently, how are things going?
The Environment Secretary Caroline Spelman is already urging households to cut back on the amount of water they use:
Mulligan’s portrayal of Kathy and Garfield’s Tommy are particularly riveting. The hidden love Kathy has been holding for years is given a channel for expression only briefly at the end. All through Mulligan has carried her role with admirable restraint. Garfield’s portrayal of Tommy is achingly real, especially when he ultimately realizes the finality of his fate, the cry in the dark is haunting and powerful. And kudos to Knightly for accepting a role that puts her in a less than glamorous light. Her change at the end too is moving, giving depth to the exploration of what makes one human… other than love, there is also the courage to admit wrong, seek forgiveness, and the attempt to make amends.
Frisyr i London came from a headline in Stockholm Metro online.
I know that I am going to Blissdom for a reason and because He saw fit to arrange the circumstances. He is actively re-arranging everything. I am running everywhere I go. I am out of breath and dropping balls as I go. My posts have slowed to one a week-ish, because news happens to fast to know if it will change tomorrow and I have no time to enjoy a good laugh.
Today I decided I was sick of looking at individual applications for social media (theorising that this is why I’m not regularly posting to these sites). I thought I’d come up with the killer idea – a “dashboard”, where you can look at all your social media profiles simultaneously, sucking them into the one place with the functionality you need in each one. I was thinking it would look a bit like this:
So here I am, in my full Mountain-Man beardage of that era. The robe was based on my Obi-Wan Kenobi cloak that the Lovely Bride made for me (and which remains one of the warmest things I own). The rune-covered lapels were Jennell's addition, and contain the secret message.
shivering the surface
By this time the preacher is at his wits end and dunks the drunk in the water again. This time holds him down for about 30 seconds and when he begins kicking his arms and legs he pulls him up.
I must've guess the water ratio right, because the dough came together, and I turned off the food processor. On a lightly floured surface, the dough is kneaded a few times, then shaped into a disk. I wrapped it with plastic wrap, then placed it into the refrigerator for an hour-- which helps the gluten to relax. The pasta sauce was simmering away, and smelling very good!
It occurred to Jessica that she really knew very little about what went on outside her tent. She vaguely recalled that the lower classes were treated pretty unfairly in the Middle Ages, but this wasn’t her middle ages, this was another world. Someone needed to stand up for the little guy, but she was ashamed to admit it wasn’t going to be her. She was just a guest in this time.
The ending was simply a commercial decision, viewers would assume that the whole family had been killed, but the show could be resumed if and when more money was offered.======================Remember the shower scene in Dallas.
The kids really liked the performance. I measure likability by whether or not my kids can sit through an entire show. They did! While I thought the sets and puppets were eye catching and thoughtfully made, I would have loved to see a more classic aesthetic and storyline. But maybe I'm just old fashioned. Ella loved everything, particularly the spider. She kept saying it was "so unbelievable, mom! Wow!"
The more who sign-up, the merrier. It will naturally be seen as a gauge of our collective enthusiasm and desire for improved communications services. Services that are likely to benefit us all to some extent and in various different ways, at home, in work, through the Village Halls, School, First Responders, Neighbourhood Watch , Church and Chapel and social groups.
Lord, I am forever grateful that You have covered my sin - past, present and future sins included. In You, Sweet Jesus, I stand redeemed, forgiven, righteous before the Father.
VIII. At the start of the climb, Gimme passes that club jerseyed guy who had the temerity to pass Gimme on the flat. Gimme leaves him for dead. The sky starts to do something beyond merely raining.
Matthew 3:13-17
The prince searched his kingdom looking for the girl who would fit the gold slipper, but somehow, out of all the females in the land, none could fit her foot into the slipper except Cinderella.
Thus it never enough to satisfy you,
I am so embarrassed about these baskets. I saw this basket idea on one of the blogs that I follow and, now that I want to post the photo, I cannot find whose blog it was. So sorry. I actually took an egg shape from one of my Cutting Cafe files and resized it and then traced it. Had to do a lot of erasing and cutting and drawing to get what I wanted and here it is. Papers are all Coordinations and I also used a lot of the Cutting Cafe files for the images on the baskets. All labels and candy bar wrappers are a Free Printable from Angela at Anything But Perfect. She has such awesome designs and freebies. Love them.
The scandal was meant to distract all media attention away from Barack Obama during his visit, so that the President could meet with other world leaders without being constantly asked by the reporters about what kinds of dog meat he ate.
1 message
- Seek for instant rules and regulation
R 3: * 4 sc in first loop, ch 14, sl st in 3rd ch from hook. Ch 7, sl st in first sl st, ch 3, sl st back to first sl st. Ch 11, 4 sc in same loop. Ch 5, sl st back to 3rd ch from hook. Ch 2, repeat from * around. Join with sl st in first sc. End off.
When my father had his first heart attack– which set of stairs
"We were about to sign a large distribution deal in the US when we learned our supplies would be cut off," Mountcharles said. "I told Beam I regard their actions as anti-competitive. We won't take this lying down and I'm considering whether it could be referred to the
Another former AG, Ramesh Lawrence Maharaj, has weighed in as well on the issue revealing that when he went to London in 1999 the Privy Council was not in support of a piecemeal split, but a total split: He recalled that when he went to London in 1999 to get the approval of the British Government because the British Government had to decide whether they would keep the civil jurisdiction if the country wanted to do away with the Privy Council as the final court for the criminal jurisdiction. “We were told that they were not prepared to do that”. He said the Privy Council was quite happy to do get rid of the jurisdiction altogether, they were not prepared to accept the phased proposal.”And that was known by the present Prime Minister, because she was a member of the Cabinet” he said.
The only downside to the whole event is that you have to walk quite a distance from your parking to get there, and going back is uphill! It's for that reason that I have chosen to attend only a few nights, as I need the time for my hips to recover from the strain. I plan to see Darius Rucker on Wednesday night and the Charlie Daniels Band on the last night. Anyway, here are some photos of the two nights this weekend: (there are many others of the festival area on last year's post)
I grieve for mine everyday — at my desk at work, in the car, lying in bed, while shopping for a dress for my daughter’s wedding. It doesn’t matter where I am. Thoughts and images of my mother just pop up. I know she would feel absolutely awful knowing what the effect of her death has had on me. She would never want me to be so unhappy.
I'm going to link this up here:
I sit on the soccer sidelines in everything from snow and rain to 130 degree heat/humidity and cheer my boys on to be the best that they can be, on the field as well as off.
just like the transition of winter to spring.
All a result of the fact that I was in pain, and it was a stressful week.
by Stu Ffandt Hings
Luckily, I saw her rocking, and I was able to catch her in motion!
Everyone thinks their grandpa tells incredible stories. And I think it’s really great that they think so. But my grandfather was a Lieutenant in the San Francisco Police Department during the 50’s, 60’s and 70’s. And he wrote it all down, in letters to my father while he was in the Army. And in letters to me in college.
Our school is in the process of installing a snazzy new technology package that includes...a SMARTBOARD!!! Woo hoo!!
Apparently when the little blood sucker bit Leah's cheek, an opportunistic bacteria squirmed its way in too. That unexpected bacteria caused an immunological response around my little girl's eye. Oh, and I know exactly what happened ... what cells were fighting, how they were doing it, why it was happening (because I work in an immunology lab), but I don't think you came here for a science lesson. They deemed her eye as being ok, and put her on antibiotics to make sure an infection didn't happen.
I also decided it was better to create a POD cover first because it is much easier to select just the front area of the print cover and use that for an ebook cover, rather then spend twice as long, creating two covers.
New section 102(a) is comparable to EPC Article 54 in defining an invention which is part of the state of art before the effective filing date. It not only lists a broad definition of such invention, an invention which is available to the public as provided in EPC Article 54(2), but also examples of such inventions, an invention being patented, described in a printed publication, in public use or on sale. These examples are copied from the current patent statute and are associated with the peculiar interpretation of these examples based on the first-to-invent policy. For example, ‘public use’ includes an inventor's own secret but commercial use (Metallizing Eng'g Co. v Kenyon Bearing & Auto Parts Co., 153 F.2d 516, 517–8 (2d Cir. 1946)) excludes experimental public use (City of Elizabeth v American Nicholson Pavement Co., 97 US 126, 134–5 (1877)). Because US courts usually retain an interpretation of the term through its case law, unless the interpretation is expressly repealed by Congress, it is likely that US courts would interpret the definition of the state of art under the AIA differently to that of the EPC, Article 54. Despite this ambiguity, the AIA has removed the geographical limitation with respect to public use and sale and has thus harmonized with the EPC and Japanese Patent Act (JPA) in adopting worldwide novelty.
I don’t feel me these days. Life is a series of ebb and flow, or work and idleness, numbed out of doing things.
In addition to doing pot lights in the ceiling we're doing under cabinet lights. We have them right now in our kitchen and I couldn't go a day without using them. But they weren't here when we moved in - we simple installed some Ikea plug in puck lights. Super easy, no hard wiring involved, but that small improvement made such a huge difference that we knew we would plan for hardwired lights for the reno. I love having under cabinet lighting.
We all have struggles in life but realize the struggles make you stronger. Changes make you wise, sorrow keeps you human, life keeps you humble, success keeps you glowing but only GOD keeps you going.
My Austin sushi experiences have included the crap you can get at grocery stores (which I like just fine), a number of wildly expensive but totally worth it trips to Musashino, and once, dinner at Uchi. That night was unforgettable, but maybe not for the reasons you'd expect. Besides the fact that my much younger (platonic) date showed up in a powder blue polyester suit with white buckskin shoes-- quite memorable in itself-- there was the dining "experience." Our waiter, a buff, mocha-tone octo-racial twentysomething who appeared to be a cross between a Benetton Ad model and a replicant, must've been in the other room trying on scowls and smirks when god was handing out senses of humor. Had he managed to condescend to us anymore, he would've gotten vertigo from looking so far down his nose at us. Call me an ungrateful fuss-budget if you must, but I don't give a rat's ass if my entree has been hand plucked from the ass of a rare albino elephant by Tyson Cole himself and then hand-carved and served up in a reduction of the urine of Jesus Christ Superstar. If a server acts like his shit don't stink and mine does, I'd much rather take it over to P. Terry's where they are always very nice.
10. Appointment in Samarra: John O'Hara
rise and linger
Bryan Alka (Alka)
As the name suggests, PK-1 is a pinkish quad of gradating shades. Each stripe is supposed to allow you to achieve different effects, but I personally find the blush too small to reach each shade individually. I usually end up swiping my blush brush across from left to right, and blending directly.
I’ve been reading some fucked up books about kids lately. First there was Kevin, a mass murderer trapped in a teenager’s body, whose dubious childhood raised the question (or rather, made the assertion) that some people are just born off.
Two night ago, while we were staying in a hotel room in Santa Nella, Kade wanted to watch Youtube on the laptop. He was tired; the chair was too big for him to cross his legs comfortably, and the laptop does not fit his lap. It was easy to see the likely result - laptop on the floor. I could have said "no, sit on the bed or at the desk", but he had made his decision about where he wanted to be. I could have forced him to change his game to suit his environment. Instead, I changed the environment for him and simply put a bunch of pillows on the floor beneath his feet.
But she hadn’t. Her little boy came prepared to spend the day listening to Jesus teach, with enough food intentionally packed and sent to sustain him for whatever the day’s activities necessitated.
2006 - 43 cases
As you can imagine, we didn't embrace each other with long-lost friendship gone, just made sure that we didn't nudge each other on the armrest thus invoking any kind of acknowledgement. Perhaps I should find this behaviour odd in retrospect: we had enjoyed a dalliance on the sofa once. Well, I say 'enjoyed' - he'd found me in his front room on the pull-out sofa bed, woozy from sleep and the steaming hangover that you can only get from a night on the tiles with my friend, and decided to stick his hand down my boxers and have a fiddle about. By the time I'm opening my eyes, he's opening his bath robe; my thought process was pretty much 'Ah, well. It'll get rid of the morning horn before I get to work...' and the next thing I know, he's mopping up using the sleeve of his robe, the premature and classy cow. I wonder at this point - are heterosexuals like this in general? In regards to the stigma of sex, I mean: here's someone who I'd had what some would consider passion (what other would consider 'a fiddle and a diddle') and we're not even acting like friends. Or even passing friends. I know girls who can count their partners on one hand, yet most the wendy men I know have had more pricks than Helen Keller during her stint in an inoculations clinic. Are we all just whores through circumstance?
Still having to deal with the colon and liver cancer, Gibb has still a fight on his hands but, he’s making us believe that he can fight this too. His will to live is tremedous and his spirit is one of a fighter.
sākṣād-dharitvena samasta-śāstrair
A top U.S. housing regulator Mr. DeMarco oversees mortgage giant Fannie Mae and has, ”apparently been withholding from Congress” documents showing the potential benefits of the program to taxpayers and homeowners, wrote the two Democrats, in a letter to DeMarco that was released to MSNBC.com.
"The Man Who Was Lost"
The group has had a resurgence in popularity with Pineda on lead vocals in recent years. In 2008, they released a double album “Revelation” that contained one disc of new material and one disc of remakes of classic Journey material. The album was a huge success and spawned the hit single “After all these Years”.
I´m also very excited for my roomies to get here (Morgan and Lucy) at the end of this month. I can tell that we´ll have a blast.
Todays breads are challah (one with raisins), 10-grain, potato sour cream, cinnamon raisin swirl and fresh apple walnut. (two each). Then I will whip up some sweet dough for monkey bread, stuffed breakfast buns and…I don’t know, something else. One batch of sweet dough usually gets me 3 types of pastries. I make the dough the night before, put it into a large baggie and store it in the refrigerator. The next morning I pull it out and cut it into three parts. Easy-breezy. Would you like a recipe? Which one? How about the easiest, the cinnamon swirl bread. I use the bread machine to mix the dough. You can use that too, or a standing mixer or your wooden spoon in a bowl. Whatever you have available. I think I can do this one by heart, here goes…
SCHLESSINGER: Chip on your shoulder. I can't do much about that.
and overcoming heartache.
I’m even getting better at letting people know that they’ve made me angry, right in that moment instead of saying nothing and being furious about it for weeks later.
Today's inspiration board was inspired by this darling invitation suite. I wanted to do something in green and white that wasn't preppy or traditional - something a little more fun and playful. For example, how much do you love those bridesmaid dresses! And I think it's clear I love ice cream cones...
But to my annoyance, spammed everywhere on every social media possible were assholes urging me to spread the word about Invisible Children (hereby known as IC) to my followers.
What if you only had 37 days left to live on this Earth...what would you do...where would you go...who would you see? I first became aware of Patti's work on her blog 37 Days. She urges everyone to fully experience life in the present moment. Rent the RED convertible! Burn those Jeans! Unpack your Boxes! Love unlovable People! Her essays were compiled to become a book which I absolutely adore and use regularly called "Life is a Verb: 37 Days to Wake Up, Be Mindful, and Live Intentionally"
John Smith’s Grand National Record: 2007 Slim Pickings (3rd); 2008 Slim Pickings (4th), Tumbling Dice (UR 3rd)
So, for "Upside Down Broccoli Pizza", you will need....
Dry bitterness was a defining trait in the other entry from the town of Beersel, namely the highly esteemed Drie Fonteinen oude gueuze. I would have to say that the hints of citrus, apricots and oaky vanilla (without being overpowering) made the latter slightly more complex.
The upshot is that it would take a LOT for me to go flatting again. I would be happy to spend 3/4 of my money on rent and live alone rather than share with other people again. I’m sure I have probably put other people off flatting as well with my strange habits. I wish there was a realistic solution for people like me…perhaps a retirement home for the young?? Some kind of communal housing where you live in a parkland setting with single person units that let you keep cats.
I am now sitting in my new office/the second living room and I'm happy as a clam because for tonight things are quiet and mostly peaceful in the house (knock on wood!) so I thought I'd toss you all a little post of things you don't need but you probably will really want!
However other spas caught my eye and I had to share these little gems:
Helena would have her revenge , the question was when?
Guess what I joined??? I joined A PriorFatGirl’s Steppin’ It Up Challenge! For the next two weeks, I am committed to "stepping it up" and being active! I joined the "mixed cardio" category and am logging all of my miles traveled via walking, running, biking, elliptical, and stairmaster!
ditching the artificial flavorings and preservatives in their line of candies
Booking Information:
Mobile telecom giants, MTN have been on my nerves today. What’s the essence of having a BlackBerry if you cannot enjoy its limitless features. Every thing the phone has to offer is strictly dependent on the parent mobile network. Blogging happens to fall into that class.
I'm enjoying writing this novel. As with the last one, I find if I only have a few minutes, I can still add a bit to it. I leave my laptop switched on, and the document open (but saved) so it takes no time to get going again. With short stories, I need to have the whole story worked out in my head before I start to write, and I need a good couple of hours to get a complete first draft written. So unless I have a completely free evening, or half-day at the weekend, I won't start a short story. When writing a novel, however, as I can pick it up more quickly, I'm happy to add just a couple of hundred words while the dinner's cooking, or before heading off to Zumba class.
The day after Christmas we visited my dad, stepmom, and brother in northern Wisconsin. (It's the first time my dad met S or his grandson.) They live on the outskirts of a tiny one-horse town with one stoplight, one Piggly Wiggly, and an ice cream store called Phat Ice Cream with a fat sign featuring a blissed-out pig diving into a triple cone.
On the other hand, in polyandry in which sperm variety is continually present, the SSF is continually active and keeps menopause from happening, indefinitely. This is done so that genetically superior children continue to be produced.
I Want It Now
So we went to State College yesterday to visit the Arts Fest and People's Choice Festival (in Boalsburg) and so there had to be the requisite stop at Otto's for a bite and pint. I enjoyed the Munich Dunkel and a pint of Arthur's Best Bitter, and held back from getting some 2009 Jolly Roger. I was disappointed to see the Triple D IPA gone from the menu, and hope it'll come back again for me to try.
Aside from Dwayne, Howe also pays attention to his mother-in-law, Kay. Self-sacrificing, ambitious and impatient, Kay and Howe have a particularly prickly and heated relationship. Despite her short temper and manipulation, Howe writes her with affection and admiration. He spends a lot of time with Kay and though the two don’t ever share a “moment” it’s a great interplay between two generations with markedly different perspectives – the struggling immigrant versus the indulged Wasp.
Also if islam does not mean peace than it must mean war but the question arises, what kind of war? Defensive or offensive? Since war is allowed in the quran so defensive war is obviously allowed. Therefore the question arises, is offensive war also allowed? To answer this question we need to know the rule that all is lawful unless somethings is made unlawful. Allah says in the quran repeatedly that allah has made things lawful for muslims that are good eg see 2/168,172; 5/5; 6/142; 7/32,33 etc. Now if we read 2/216, allah says war is a good thing for you. In fact the quran repeatedly praises people who fight in the way of allah and condemns those who take no interest in war for allah and threatens them with life in hell. What does that tell us about islam? So no matter how muslims twist and turn, it is impossible to prove the quran is a book for peace.
End of Day (16:06)
She says that Michael is the only one who makes her body weak
You can’t break my spirit – it’s my dreams you take.
Even if only a small but reasonably-sized minority of prostitutes are happy, well then surely I should have come across one of them somewhere among God-knows-how-many locations and over the span of seven years?
Though police have said they are prohibited by law from naming juveniles, a search warrant filed in Lynchburg Circuit Court on Tuesday identified Kenneth Davis as the person who ran up to Baker “in an aggressive manner” before witnesses heard what sounded like a blow to Baker’s body and saw Davis running away.
Freckles in April is at it again, she will be hosting another fashion challenge this winter only this time it will only last for 10 days (with some off days thrown in too). Please visit the link for all the details.
Anyway, the upshot is, for the first time, I found myself with a disproportionate number of Medallions on the Northmen, and, because Bel and Llythne are both capped at this point, and the Guard has already been more or less committed to the set out of Mirkwood, I went a little bit hog wild with the unexpected surfeit of Medallions.
"You like to surround yourself with things that make you comfortable, so Country style is the way to go. This look connects with nature and days gone by while remaining fresh and original. An easy place to start your Country decor is with a blue-and-white color scheme and weather-worn wooden tables or benches. Accessorize with collections of anything you love. Antique furnishings—often creatively repurposed for today's lifestyle—are casual and rustic."
The Film and Media Industries have already done an excellent job to accomplish this in numerous films, documentaries, and articles. The ultimate message that satan and his cronies are hammering into our heads, is that the Whiteman (and by implication the bearers of the Christian Cross) are in fact the scum of this earth. The message thus promotes hatred, more racial conflict, and also murder. The supreme goal is to further satan’s cause by abolishing God and His people from the system. (Take note: I deliberately avoid spelling the name satan with a capital “S”)
The wind under the door.
Hope everyone is having a beautiful summer and there has been some letup in the heat. We are finally enjoying some consistent sun here in the Pacific Northwest, and it's amazing how quickly I forgot about the rainy cool weather we'd been having. Gorgeous blue skies and temperatures in the mid 70's are our reward for months of rain and gray skies and cold temperatures. It was worth waiting for!
I'm not trying to catch up, life moves fast. I'm happy to just be here and in my own pace be present, day to day.
Moons mouth fell open.
Clive Barker – Rawhead Rex
The Wages of Sin is Death!
I mean, you saw the May Day rioting in Seattle on your flatscreen. Or you called it up on the internet and read about it. Or you saw it on your Blackberry. Or read about it on your notepad. Yesterday.
Crude, stage bound. Seems a lot like Melies. Painted stage sets. Lots of capering and frolicking. People in donkey and cow costumes. She meets the Scarecrow while still in Kansas? Oz looks tropical—sort of like the Nile region. The witch’s henchman are flying TOAD men, rather than monkeys. Charming visually—Munchkin outfits look like Denslow’s ones from the book.
His joke is based on that both 不毛 (fumou) and 二毛作 (nimousaku) have 毛 (mou) in them. It’s really a bad pun. However, literally translated it makes no sense at all, so we replaced it with another pun of the same meaning that does. (Credit goes to the editor.)
Fuck Buttons: Sweet Love for Planet Earth - this is my smartarse track ( a la Pete's Godspeed You Black Emperor choice). I discovered this band when I saw them on the line-up for this year's Green Man and fell in love with the part-Mogwai, part-Chemical Brothers sound I downloaded on iTunes. They were even better live, with a big sweaty tent full of pulsing, wild-eyed festival-goers, fuelled by scrumpy. Magic.
Step 3: Place a vibrant green color in the crease and outer v.
Eric is currently writing the follow-up book of Liberation from the Lie. It is The Liberation Way: At Home on Planet Earth. To find out more information, please visit Eric’s website and remember to check out his book on Amazon.
Back out on the roads tomorrow morning.
This was when it hit me...I was suddenly dependent on my husband, who was not ready or willing to deal with all this, my children, grand children, and friends and neighbors...whew!
This creates an atmosphere not unlike what Russia endured during the Cold War. Nobody truly trusts anybody else. Most relationships in that “loving organization” are two-dimensional at best. I can relate countless experiences in which I was “called in the back room” by the elders and asked about a situation that I was shocked they knew anything about. Private conversations, harmless get-togethers, choices of entertainment, and Facebook statuses were all things to be reported and used against those who were connected to it.
In Andrew Delbanco's treatise, College: What It Was, Is, and Should Be, he paints a study of two contrasting human beings. This illustration ends up being a representation of two models for a human being. I repeat the passage in full, firstly because it is so perfect an image upon which to meditate, and secondly because I want Delbanco's writing to be experienced in some measure.
“Ach, he was ready to throw things and have a hollerin’ fit. As upset as I’ve ever seen him, but worried, too,” Emma replied in a tight voice. “Truth be told, after James stormed outta the house Dat got so rattled my two cousins said they’d stay with him, so’s he wouldn’t fall and hurt himself–or pitch a fit during church, if Zanna showed up after all.”
Weakness: At times this can be a really exciting team to watch, but to Buffalo fans it can also be a frustrating team to watch. This team is not a good passing team and it turns the ball over more than its opponents. That’s not efficient basketball for a team that is ninth in the Pac-12 in points per game. This team must get more organized offensively if it wants to duplicate its Pac-12 championship run in the NCAA tournament.
True, some of the positions in what the party rather pretentiously calls its Manifesto are strong and unhedged, for instance: "There will be only one law in Britain, British law. There will be no toleration of alternative law systems such as Sharia Law." And: "The British Freedom Party will return democracy to Britain by: 1. Withdrawing from the European Union. 2. Devolving decision-making power down to the lowest practicable level. 3. Abolishing restrictions on free speech."
Far too much of the conversation about volunteering is guarded in silos. We would all benefit if the dialogue were more transparent. Personally, I am a big fan of South America and would love to know more about Peru in particular. What sort of resources can you recommend?
PAK LAH: (It also sends negative vibes to domestic and foreign investors, undermining the tireless efforts of industry and government in attracting investments (…) the creation of negative perception, through over-reaching and unfounded public accusations, is difficult to overcome.
Blue Door #4 opens with a nurse carrying your fresh x-ray to the doctor who brings you through...
Recently one of our supporting Pastors, and long time friend, Tom Brennan, sent me some studies he did on this very subject. He said that, "Men who get a proper view of God always find themselves exceedingly conscious of their own sin:
Employing a liberal interpretation of this curious rule, schismatic churches such as the Jansenist Dutch Church, which broke with Rome in 1723, could claim legitimate apostolic succession despite their status outside the Roman Church’s umbrella. Taking this logic one step further, some bishops consecrated by bishops of the Dutch Church (later the Old Catholic Church, following an alignment with other “national” churches in 1889) claimed the right to start their own churches and pass on the line of “valid” consecration. For instance, Bishop James Ingall Wedgewood was consecrated a bishop in the Old Catholic Church in 1916 and within two years had founded the Liberal Catholic Church, which became a kind of esoteric house church for the Theosophical Society.3
In America in the not too distant future, the Capitol controls everything you do, and as a way of showing their control each year they take one boy and one girl “tribute” from each district to compete in a “hunger games” in which 24 children enter the arena and only one leaves. The movie follows Katniss (Jennifer Lawrence) and her fight for life.
The clouds from the day before were cleared up and under the blanket of the fresh snow we could see Mt MckInley with pink glow from the rising sun. Gorgeous. I was very surprised to see how large that mountain was. The day before, in the clouds I thought that the mountains there weren’t that large. But once cleared The Big One really stood out towering above everything else around. The commotion awaken everyone in the campground. People were taking photos like mad trying to capture that sight (and packing at the same time because the bus was going soon). After all that bad weather we got somewhat lucky.
Meanwhile, Gerakan vice-president Datuk Chang Ko Youn said Ibrahim’s statement was “irresponsible” and accused the independent MP of failing to take cognisance of the reason why the Chinese community had abandoned the BN.
We went to concerts. I did his homework occasionally. He was with me when I opened my car door into traffic and had it ripped off by a passing vehicle. I let him drive my brand new red car with a clutch after he swore he knew how to drive a stick shift (he did not). He laughs like mad when he tells me about the look on my face when he began to grind the gears repetitively to excess.
They serve both cold and warm versions of the beautiful grass jelly, and you could not go wrong either way. And on its own, its somewhat bitter, though some do take it that way.
Livestock – particularly goats – play a key role in smallholders’ agricultural activities in Burundi. They are a ‘savings-bank on the hoof’, thus can be sold in case of emergency for cash. Their manure and urine provide excellent inputs for farming activities, and, for important feasts (marriages, funerals, etc), they can be butchered and cooked as part of the celebration.
The woman testified she did not realise her husband was planning an attack when he asked to meet her boyfriend in person one night in December, 2008.
Lime garlic pork chops with asparagus and dinner rolls
I was instructed to be in the building at 6PM so I headed to campus and arrived at the garage by 5:15…”FULL”! Quickly I spotted a lot with $5 parking next to it…so I drove in, parked the car only to realize…I had no cash. I found the attendant and asked if he’ll take a check to which he responds…”which one is your car?...Blue Subaru?...go ahead, don’t worry about it!” Karma strikes again.
Hopefully, 6000 words later; I've given you enough information here that, in the context of what you are trying to write, you can figure those out for yourself.
1. Frequency. Will I be blogging every day? I have a full-time job people, and remember how I’m trying to write a novel?! So most likely not. Well, that and I live in Colorado; it’s almost summer (i.e. the most wonderful time of the year!), and when I’m not at work, I hope to be at play. I do plan to blog at least once a week. Blogging Mondays, perhaps? Maybe twice if you’re lucky.
Take action.
Abraham was the Father of the Jewish nation. How did he receive his big promise from God? Was it by keeping the law or something else? In verse 14, if God’s blessings are only for those who keep the law (Jews) what gets negated? Jews (people of the law) are certainly included as heirs of the promises God gave to Abraham, but who else is included (verse 16)? God is the Father of both _______ and __________. In what way was Abraham “the father of many nations”? How would you describe Abraham’s faith? What specifically did he believe in? What did God give Abraham because of his faith?
And yet the magnet switches on and I am sucked into this sphere which I consider to be as real as this table, but switch it off and it does not exist, remove a cable and that whole world disappears. So how real can it be? And how is my presence here benefiting anything. I mock the Fox viewers for their blind adoration and following, I just happen to have the same blind following to the alternative source of news.
Overall, I think that the album has a good mix of the talents that B.o.B. actually has. He can rap and he is a really good singer as well. Yeah, there are a few singles off the album, but this album is definitely something that you need to listen to from start to finish in order to capture the whole essence of the album and of B.o.B. The songs are good, the featured artists don’t really steal the spotlight in any of the songs, and I think that this is a very successful sophomore album from the 23 year old rapper. Go check it out for sure!
February 24, 2010, Wednesday at 6:00 PM - 11:00 PM
The real irony is that I work at a fucking fast food chain. I feel like that teenager that all the adults are secretly laughing at, murmuring about how I’ll change my tune in a couple of years, grow out of it, settle down and have my 1.5 children or whatever the fuck the average is now. I’m still too immature, I still talk like an angsty 14 year old. But it doesn’t matter, because I see them now, I see them for what they all are: teenagers with kids and bank accounts. They never grow up, and they certainly never gain enough intelligence to recognize that fact. The world is stagnant, nothing but a putrid cesspool we continue to dirty.
After you develop the information table, you need to apply the following things to the creatures that populate the dungeon.
Sexting – Sometimes it is inevitable that the conversation will turn dirty. Depending on the situation, it may be okay to tell this guy that you wanna put your lips around his cock. Feel free to tell him how wet you are, and how you have hard nipples. However I would highly recommend to never send naked pics of yourself to anyone. Sure you might love him and be in a relationship, but it takes one click and that shit could go viral. If you fancy having naked pics of yourself over the internet, then go and be a porn star and at least get paid for it. Don’t let some freak or ex boyfriend have the fun of sending your naked vagina out globally.
Jake, we also know that you are at peace and that you are being watched over by all of our loved ones who also watch over all of us from above.
Motivation
This guide should be on all clothing optional beaches right next to the "Nudity Permitted" official signs to ensure that all visitors to the beach know what behaviour is expected and what will not be tolerated by the other beach users.
Anyway, back to our abandoned oil platform home sweet home. Although I believe the concept to be fairly chimeric - how many of you would enjoy sitting on a palm tree planted oil platform during hurricane season in the Gulf? - there might be some advantages insofar as people having a reason to monitor further oil and gas leaks. The BP Deepwater Horizon disaster came as a profound shock and wake-up call last year when many of us first learned about the dangerous practice of deep water drilling. The oil industry, inarguably the wealthiest enterprise in the history of humanity, has opted to spend a small portion of its profits by influencing governments to deregulate or not enforce laws on the books. Oil and gas leaks continue to cause massive damage to the environment as a whole and to the ocean in particular.
That would not leave much if any time for any challenge matches just prior to the championships but there are other ways to gel a squad. A training squad for example should be chosen in November containing of around 40 players. These could meet up for a few days of training in November and again in January or February before the final squad is announced. Ideally these training camps would involve a challenge match perhaps against an EIHL select side if a national side could not be found but just meeting up more often would be an improvement.
She has seen it from the start. The cigarette lay glowing on the ground in the darkening of the evening. First the leaves, then the dry grasses, to the bush. The old shingles of the porch came next. It only took moments. And she didn’t stop it. She could have in the beginning but she didn’t. Why should she? The ugly house on the corner would be gone if she kept quiet. No one lived there any longer. It wouldn’t be there to offend her any longer if she let it burn, so she did.
The West has publicly stated its support for the revolution of the masses. But do they really mean it? Or is it because they do not realize the reality of what is happening? Or is it just because they feel that they must join the bandwagon?
I took this picture on Monday after a lovely weekend.
When you were buying your first home, what was the criteria that you stuck with?
JTF (just the facts): A total of 3 large scale color photographs, framed in black and unmatted, and hung in the small single room gallery space. All of the works are archival inkjet prints, made in 2012. Each is sized roughly 73x57, and available in editions of 3. (Installation shots at right.)
Favorite Moment:
Happy monday! The weather has been a bit rainy around here, so I thought it was time for a darker polish to show you: Misa Wishing on a Star.
Don't Play-Play: Malaysiakini will be much respected if it does not spin and be biased in its reports.
I know I should care, since this is finals week, and these are going to be the last grades I get for this semester. But I have not managed to escape the “I’m-tired-of-school” funk that I’ve been in since before spring break. I’m hoping that this won’t be an ongoing theme for the remaining three semesters I have left here.
Albuquerque, NM 87114
"Well, that's it then, we lost"
Alex’s response was: “I hadn’t thought that it may be like that for reviewers. We certainly seem to have got our fair share of reviews but, if it’s putting people off, it’s something to look at, definitely.”
1:00pm: picked up our boat from the marina after it was in for service, threw the bikes in a boated home.
Erst I fleshed my maiden steel
I think that it is time that I had another strong coffee.
You get the idea. The filmmaker’s heart might have bee in the right place, but where his mind was is anybody’s guess.
“Hi Joe its Daniel is Gary around.”
The filmed scenes show various areas of the location with variable depth of field: as soon as the camera operates at close range, amorphous elements manifest themselves, irregular strokes stand out, granular textures become more pronounced.
Until next time….May Allah keep you blessed, happy , healthy and safe Ameen.
NOT The End.
Think you have no clue.
*Get an old school, corded phone. If the power goes out, your cordless wont work. We were lucky to have a corded phone upstairs which helped Doug coordinate with the Branch President to get accountability of church members. (The phones have worked on-base off and on, but we were never able to get a call through to the states.)
And even that is perfect.
Mare51089: hey!!!
Definitely night owl. The only reason I’m awake at 5 a.m. is because I’ve been up all night.
"Help me," the lady called. She raised her arm, shielded her eyes, and her gaze met mine. "Is this Camelot?"
The wee ones are ... special. They make me giggle. Sometimes it's intentional, and sometimes, it's definitely not. We have a small issue with the wee ones forgetting to change their und*rgarments. They used to. And I swear I've taught them to do so every single day, but somehow it's not sticking.
I am suggesting we give generously.
About TRI
Hhahaha … I murmered as i plunged to the corner.. To humans, my actions would signal discomfort or disdain, but this is China.
As we were driving home I tried to take a little nap, everyone else was. But I just could not go to sleep and the song 'Healing Is In Your Hands' kept playing over and over in my head. So I got my phone out, bought the song and listened to the words. It was so fitting to what God was speaking to me the whole trip.
“He’s using a butter knife, pressing down as hard as he can to squeeze the very last drops of juice out of that undercooked piece of meat. You can tell he’s enjoying taking whatever life is left in it; mangling it. It was probably a cleaner kill at the slaughter house than on his plate. And look, he made sure that everything else on the plate became entangled in the mess.”
The New York Federals are a team comprised of players from the New York State League which maintains a lower-level relationship with the Can/Am League. They will be a travel team only in order to accomadate an eight-team season schedule.
Preheat oven to 425 F. Spray a rimmed baking sheet with cooking spray.
Disc received from Immigration and Naturalization Service entered into evidence. This disc contains information regarding the status of Obama’s father received through the Freedom of Information Act.
The training is a unique online experiece for youth pastors, injected with the type of networking that only happens when a group of youth pastors get together to talk and pray about what only youth pastors understand. Register now to get the tools and support you’ve been looking for.
Very porous hair can be treated, but what I have learned is that the hair is damaged down to the cuticle. A damaged cuticle doesn’t close. When it doesn’t close, then the moisture received from washing is not retained and is released just as fast, if not faster, from the hair. This can actually dry your hair out even more!
A blur is all that’s seen
Tears and depression.
All this is, to be perfectly honest, largely immaterial to the actual plot of the film – although I suppose it does explain why the villagers are so bad tempered for the rest of the movie and why Dracula appears strikingly reluctant to leave his house throughout (clearly concerned about leaving Klove in charge). The proper story kicks off at this point as we meet fresh-faced mittel-European youths Simon and Sarah (Dennis Waterman and Jenny Hanley), who are in lurve. However, they are concerned by the roguish antics of Simon’s brother Paul (Christopher Matthews). In a slightly dodgy plot development, one of Paul’s conquests goes a bit bunny-boilerish and accuses him of rape, forcing him to flee across the border (which border is not elaborated upon). He pitches up in the village from the start of the movie, where the men are clearly still soldiering on despite everything (the local inn has a barmaid, who in the circumstances is not as well treated as you might expect). Anyway, he does not get a warm reception and – would you believe it? – finds himself heading castle-wards before much time has elapsed. Meanwhile, Simon and Sarah are still looking for him and their attempt to follow his trail inevitably sees them also heading into danger before too long…
7. I deeply hate playing computer games
They rested from their prior ordeals and took stock of the situation. Legend told them that they were at the end of time. They also knew that they could never escape this place uless they destroyed the phylactery of Gagnasdiak. The tyrant hid a portion of his soul in this, the perfect hiding place, in a world where no life remained, there would be little risk of danger. They also knew that the tomb of Gagnasdiak was perilous and meant to trap souls within. They would not be blessed with the sweet release of death should they be caught in one of the nefarious traps or hazards of the tomb. Instead they would be sent back to the entrance, to attempt the tomb again in perpetuity.
If there are any transcription errors, then they are mine entirely, and I would be happy to correct them. The link to the podcast is here – http://downloads.bbc.co.uk/podcasts/scotland/scotfoot/scotfoot_20120430-1922a.mp3
This month we are drawing (literally) inspiration from the special exhibition Youth and Beauty: Art of the American Twenties. Come back each weekend for a different special project based on this amazing show!
over wave of time. Father was not there, dreams were often, I
One new thing I noticed during the latest reading was how much human political and religious history is infused in the alien societies Herbert created, with a particular emphasis on Islam, which makes this messianic war story just as apropos for our time as it was when it was written 40 years ago. The depiction of life on a desert planet where water is the most precious of commodities and every action is about survival remains fascinating as well. The only thing that fell short for me this time was that the story was so epic and so grand that certain aspects of it had to be glossed over; some characters got short shrift, and some plotlines got lost. But that’s nitpicking. This classic of the genre still stands.
I have a mixed feeling about its scent. I find it too strong for my liking , but my mom loves it. She says that the scent is pleasant. It makes me think that it depends on your personal preferences that you like it or not . I find it too strong for myself. Here you can see its texture and how it feels on my skin :
Mommy: My awesome husband! (And I actually wrote that down on the list before he sat in a steamy bathroom with a croupy Drew late Friday night or took him riding in the car at 1:00 am with the windows down to let the cool air help his breathing...and then again at 7:30 am!)
As great as the methods listed above are, sometimes they still don’t give your writing the change and modifications it needs. I find this tends to happen mostly because of structural or thematic issues. Essentially, your writing is not hitting the meat of an issue it set out to examine or your writing is ordered in a strange way that undermines the purpose of the work.
Yet, to most, there is only black and white
Among other things, Taekwondo forms involve the precise execution of techniques including stances. The practice of forms can teach us many things such as attention to detail (because there are millions of details in forms to pay attention to), body coordination, and technique flow and familiarity. We learn these things by repeatedly practicing the forms and attempting to replicate their prescribed techniques and order.
I had a great week. Not perfect but I learned a lot about myself. I am not taking workout Wednesdays lightly (ha ha) and am currently reading books and researching the best foods for me. Finding a planned out diet such as South beach is not going to work. There are 2 other people in our family who have special diet needs so a complete change of diet like that would be too hard for me stress and budget wise. Along the same lines while I believe it is the best plan weight watchers is not the best plan due to my budget as well.
What is your take on the current SOPA/ACTA controversy?
I want to apologize to my husband, my children, my grandchildren, my family and the friends I have been blessed to have in my life. I’m sorry for the times I tried to fix and save you from hurting. It’s your life to live and your mistakes to make. You’ll learn from those mistakes without any help from me. Fix-It-All is closing shop. If I try to re-open my shop, I promise to go in for a tune-up and make the needed repairs.
Of course there's nothing wrong with posting your writing for others to read -- pieces of work you're proud of, et cetera. But I'd argue if you're looking for genuine, critical feedback, your blog is probably not the best place to go.
By virtue of Jesus Christ that Mary bore about,
cut into 1/2 inch squares: 4oz preserved pineapple, 1 oz angelica (a candied herb that is hard to find), 2 oz candied apricots, 2 oz candied cherries, 1 oz orange peal (possibly also candied), 1 oz ginger (probably meaning crystalized) *could do all of these just dried fruit to better suit modern taste
One month later. . .
1. If you had to wear skirts for the rest of your life, or jeans for the rest of your life, which would you choose?
Newcastle up the road, got over one million visitors in 2005 even though the city was only a stopover for the Tall Ships. Hartlepool is the final stage of the race. So one can imagine how many thousands of people will be visiting the town over that weekend.
Shoes: Open-toe slingback wedges from CLARKS
88. Raging Bull (Robert DeNiro)
Rather, he is writing to express the sort of conservative authoritarianism that is possible in a ‘sexually liberal’ society, and hence where other conservative authoritarians might want stability and cohesion maintained by a powerful familial authority, he must look to a powerful state authority; where others might demand people’s devotion to religious ideals, he demands people’s devotion to the nation and its own mythology – the mythology of themselves as collectively the masters of themselves individually.
The suggested uses for QuaDror "include support trestles for bridges, sound buffer walls for highways, a speedy skeleton for disaster or low-income housing, and quirky public art."
As chaos continues from votes being fought tooth and nail, obvious miss rulings by the chairmen resulting in division and a near committee member diabetic dodge, there is one voice which rises with an olive branch extended to both sides. Her name is Valerie and she reminds me a lot of Captain Kathryn Janeway from Voyager; only she doesn’t have an Intrepid class starship and she’s a much snazzier dresser. If there’s anything I do know about this lassie though it’s this; if she did have an Intrepid class starship she’d put a Ron Paul sticker on the back of it. Some people of a distorted persuasion in the area of courting inflatable counterparts and I’m not implying that’s the case with Val but what I would like to propose is that in the realm of possibilities; in the event that she did have that persuasion she would have an inflatable Ron Paul but all they would do is cuddle. Maybe eat some Hagen Daz on a cloudy day and stay inside watching reruns of ‘West Wing’ or something or other. Let me scribble it in this fashion so you may better understand the dedication this woman has when it comes to the ideas that Ron Paul stands for when I say that if Kevin had indeed been some sort of serial killer, flipped out and nicked Valerie, instead of yelling “Ouch” she would without a kneejerk pause yell “End the Fed”.
Earth’s Mythological Past
I am not sure if growing pains hurt. I mean does transition have to hurt?
and a big pack of English black tea (yay! for my even more english mornings..Have you known how desperately in love am I with black tea with milk?)
This is a beer filled with complex flavors that is a beauty to look at and to drink. Overall I loved this beer and would highly recommend it . I would say that it wouldn’t pair well with food but is a fantastic stand alone drink. After doing a little research I found that this beer is semi-gluten free because it is brewed with rice in a sake format. A fantastic summer beer that makes me question why sake and beer aren’t combined more often.
Good morning! I am so honored, excited, and overjoyed to share my very dear friend Jeanne Oliver's new Winter 2011 line, The Coming Home Collection, with all of you!!!
Rojak would be the best word to describe my feeling right now.
These thoughts can let us accept people and situations as they are and focus more on what we can do in a given situation. We can then stop wasting our energy in complaining and holding others responsible for our misery. It enables powerful self-responsibility in all situations come what may, yet its all so simple and easy. Here is how you could change your language. First step is to catch yourself using ‘victim’ or ‘blame’ statements and then to change them in your own mind at the least. As you keep doing this, your language in your communication will begin to be automatically empowered instead of blaming.
I'm going to be doing some interval running training to try and improve my run times. So every other day I will run and on my off days I will do interval training either outside or on the treadmill since I can control it better on the treadmill.
I wonder if that's because the Beeb is worried about possible violent scenes in the last two episodes that may prompt more complaints if shown in their current format that they've decided to tone them down a bit.
At 8:58 a.m., commencement ceremony was to start 9:00 a.m., a master in computer science student arrived, gown over one arm, hood over the other, and mortarboard in hand. Her major had filed down the staircase several moments earlier, and might even already be on the arena floor. And she still had to don her regalia! The staircase down to the area floor was packed with grads, so I strongly advised her to push her way down past those in formation and find her place among students of her major, and don her regalia before walking on the arena floor.
Equally interesting is the minor character of Pastor Bruck, whose presence pervades the novel like no other character apart from Michael Ritter himself. As a confirmed socialist and patriotic East German, Michael is suspicious of religion as the opium of the masses when he first meets the Pastor in Bad Saarow: He and his kind had won; his miserable stained glass was a symbol not of survival but of loss. I could feel the hate welling inside me, inside the regret, boiling over it, swallowing the regret, swallowing me. I hated this grey cleric, this grey stone building. (pg 45) Soon, however, Michael is grudgingly accepting the sacrifice Pastor Bruck has made on behalf of his own family (the pastor has had his back broken by the Stasi). Later, Michael comes to realise that it is the Pastor’s Christian instinct that allows him to help Roland to escape from the Stasi in East Berlin. While Michael doesn’t become a convert to religion, he does come to accept the parallels between the Christian philosophy and the all-for-one basic tenet of his cherished socialism.
The Peachy Keen Faces from Dolly Dumplings Face Assortment
Would that it have been once marsh, wold, or forest, it matters not now, because that is past, and forward is the pinnacle of being, climbing ever-skyward, and distant clouds remember their relatives - the receding seas - the ice floats and glaciers, and even those unseen cousins, hanging on the air.
Coriander Leaves : a handful
“Are you sure about this, Zeph?” he asked as he advanced towards me.
I realize now that when Joolie asked me about work and I shrugged it off with a "same old thing, nothing interesting" that I was being a bit too dismissive. Of course interesting stuff happens at work, I guess I just wanted to talk about something else. Sorry Joolie! I'll work on some stories for you.
waxist, I wear subtle earrings with my uniform as a badge of pride. I
That break through spots, my weakest spots.
Even if it were, it wouldn’t work for you or it might work. If he starts to tell you that kind of thing, don’t buy it! Don’t start worrying around about it and thinking, Oh my, I’m afraid I’m not going to get healed. I sure don’t feel healed. Why, I’m probably going to just get worse and worse…
Won't you
Neither Radical Honesty SA, nor Johnstone were approached by any of the publications for comment, in any of the aforementioned articles; most of which were republications of SAPA's article by Jenni O'Grady.
one little boy spontaneously pushed up on his hands and feet,
Hugs, Janie xxx
Never had a Blog award, shucks, I was touched. I don't feel like my ramblings do much, other than tell my truth, my struggles and victories. Thank you all that have supported my two month old baby blog!
Dragging his bone over town. Dragging his
So do I take it the next step and contact the paper.....I don't know - I don't want to do this either but if it means it would result in what I am after then do I do it??
Joey: I first heard about Rojo from my good friend Bob Dylan, but had only gone there for drinks. I was excited to drag my friends to yet another taco place, but was happy that Rojo’s unique bi-cultural menu offered them the choice of American items. After ordering a steak burrito from the cashier at the bar, I filled my own cup with Coke. The Coke was flat!!! I dumped the Coke out and poured myself some sweet tea. This was my only complaint with what was otherwise a great meal. I’m a notoriously light eater, but easily finished Rojo’s large steak burrito. It was that good! It might have the been the first meal on this BLC adventure that I finished completely.
way I have ever drank it. I never liked sweet tea or flavored
It really was a great camp ground - I wasn't expecting any amenities at all but there was a mens/ladies toilet block with proper flushing toilets and hot shower...
Now, I request samples of things often but I'm pretty sure I didn't ask for these. Anybody want to fess up for trying to make me think this is a sign?
I lined up at the start feeling very ordinary. I'd done 15km and 22km training runs in the previous two days as part of my preparation for the Canberra 50km event in April. So I planned to take it easy and just enjoy the morning. At about the 1km mark I started to feel better and found a rhythm that felt good. I was conscious of running a bit quicker than usual now, but decided to stick with it for a while and see what happened.
Psalm 11 describes the Lord in his temple.
Here's Somebody Nobody Wants by Dion on Laurie 3101 from 1961:
I can't believe how much you are growing and changing every single day. You are becoming so much more of a little person and I just love getting to know you. You had a couple exciting 'firsts' this week:
We had a wonderful time, and if my NEVs (non-existant viewers) ever have the chance to see them DO IT. It’s such a great show! They’ll be in the States soon so buy tickets. Warped Tour perhaps?
Who wait serenely and who work in faith.
Saturday - Caleb's birthday so he gets to decide :-)
And so I in my 'kerchief (yoga pants and tank top) and he in his cap (nightcap of rum and egg nog) will all settle down for a long winter's nap.
beneath her collarbones. He plasters
It was far too gray, gloomy, and chilly this week for a tour of the park but it looked pretty grand. And if you have a car and the time, the Abbey of Royaumont is just a stone's throw away and well worth a visit itself.
The Weird; editors Jeff and Ann Vandermeer (Corvus Books)
OK-OK CULTURE IS BASED ON FAMILY ♥ OK-OKHANA means family in an extended sense of the term including blood-brotherhood/sisterhood of individual of runners. It emphasizes that family are bound together and members must cooperate and remember one another.
The UniWorld Group, one of the nation’s oldest and largest African-American owned advertising agencies, has announced today that its founder and CEO, Byron E. Lewis, is retiring and has sold his majority ownership stake of the firm to UWG Senior Vice President of Brand Integration, Monique L. Nelson. WPP will continue to own 49% of the agency’s shares.
For your Parisian address book...
Those of you that have read this blog before know that I shoot people..mostly. Models, kids, everyday Joes’, this is the genre for me. I have even started taking an interest in weddings #@!%#@ !!!!!..yep, now that a more editorial style is becoming popular and moving away from the 5 or 6 standard poses, its starting to be a bit creative. People like Sue Bryce, Paul Mac and JM Tran are really pushing into new and fun territory. Even Nathan and the guys from Dreamspace productions are getting involved.
Free energy
It appears, in the final verse, that the voice of mockery briefly takes a turn for the sympathetic, urging the protagonist to take solice in his friends or to essentially buck up his ideas and get on with his life, but this is dispelled in performance by the continued sarcasm and derision in Cohen’s tone, swiftly followed by the sneering you can find your love with diagrams on a plain brown envelope, which undermines the nostalgic view of romance evinced in the previous verse, and once again belittles the protagonist’s emotional state. The final verse serves to undermine previous themes several times, including ones expressed within itself; the “coupons” on the back of magazines are revealed as having been used up. Given their textual proximity to the act of talking to a friend it could be suggested that the coupons represent second chances, forgiveness in the eyes of others. That they are all used up would imply that the protagonist has pushed too hard too many times against the forgiveness of his friends.
I got a gift card to Lowes to use to get all my
I don’t really remember much about the last 5 miles, but I tapped into a place I didn’t even know I had. My body had absolutely nothing left to give, but I was going to run across that finish line. I have never felt a rush of adrenaline quite like it, but I sprinted the last .2 miles across the finish line. I did not meet my goal time (I wanted 4:35:00 or somewhere close to it) but I’m choosing not to focus on that for now. I finished a marathon. But what is perhaps more exciting for me is the fact that I struggled so much and didn’t give up. It really makes me feel like, if I can survive that, I can do anything.
I am a new inductee into the awesomeness that is comics (at least American comics, I’ve been reading Japanese graphic novel mangas since middle school) and I am thrilled to read research about comics and how the use images and words to tell a story.
French Bakers at different locations have different guidelines for the EOD sale, I only know about the guidelines for SM Sucat and SM Mall of Asia.
1. Walk Away Renee
I've kept it very simple as I think my mojo's been washed away in the rain this past week. Hopefully it will be back in the new year!
Happy Boy!
Sweet Home parent Jennifer Keem said, “It doesn’t surprise me that kids are saying these things. I think you hear it a lot unfortunately. In general, you’ll hear things like that from kids on the field just talking kind of like, smack.”
MR. VILLACORTA:
with foam tape. The frosting is done
The Christmas party was held in a small downstairs of a wine bar in Aldgate. There was little food to be had, and unlike later Christmas parties the firm would lay on, no dancefloor or raffle either. But there was lots of wine.
1 3/4 cup filtered water plus more for soaking.
The personality trait most useful in my life is… Communication. Although that depends on who you are. Not everyone likes the fact I like to communicate with them, as often as I do.
Given by Papa God, May 2, 2009
Wednesday 9 February Hugh McMillan / Graham Fulton
I would make it, take it to a party, not tell anyone how nutritious it is and it would be the first thing gone. Yep, it’s that good.
AB Svyturys Premium Pils
I step over the paraphernalia of childhood to get to him,
I would like to propose that we work out a way to sell people the placebos they want without hurting any creature or any penis, whether it be attached to them or not.
Cook another 10-12 minutes, stirring, until the mushroom juices are most gone. These cooked mushrooms will have absorbed all the seasonings and juices from the pan.
WINNIPEG, Manitoba – Unexpectedly weak U.S. jobs data shows the recovery there is lumpy, but both the U.S. and Canadian economies can still be expected to grow this year, Canadian Finance Minister Jim Flaherty said on Friday.
Gregory: the economy is finally recovering
When I was a child I was fascinated with outdoors and nature. My father probably thinks I slept my youth away, you know, being that kids tend to sleep longer hours than adults can seem to tolerate. I've learned this as I've gotten older. The Boy, for example, didn't get out of bed until after 2pm yesterday. *sigh* But I digress...
The other thing we may want to do on Twitter? Create 2 new & totally anonymous accts to msg each other with. Just like w/the gmail acct – no one has that addy & won’t either.
So I scoffed some chocolate and felt strength returning. Lloyd brought our son in and we did the cord cutting, and the weighing while I lay on the floor and complained at how uncomfortable it was.
(krystylwaechter@gmail.com)
My punters can bring back their purchases
The New York Times, which never met an unborn human child it would ever try to save from being aborted, or ever cared whether it was killed in or out of the womb, wants us to save plants (peas in this narrative) from being “slaughtered” on the vine and eaten. Arguing that the chemical reactions and stimuli responses that occur within its roots are actually the peas talking to one another, Michael Marder, writing for the NYT, asserts that peas (plants in general) are capable of feelings, emotions and can feel pain, in the same way pro-lifers insist that unborn children (fetuses) do, and therefore ought to be protected from humans harvesting and consuming them.
Caitlin just doesn't cut it as a bride. She is too weird, too indie. Her friends are just too alternative to fit in at such an occasion. The couple's first dance is 'Ask' by The Smiths! Her friend Dave offers some ecstasy to her father-in-law! One bridesmaid is a six foot two gay man! A six foot two gay man! Another bridesmaid is "rocking a tattoo of a dolphin saying 'Fuck'." Literally "rocking" the motherfucker!
Horwood said that Britain could save millions by returning offenders to their home countries under the new scheme. The cost of keeping one prisoner locked up for a year is more than £30,000.
"You want to clean him?"
this year the easter holiday started out with a new trend. egg coloring. dad was gung-ho on the 18 count costco brand, but mom reigned him in (who’s gonna EAT all those eggs???). so we settled with a dozen. mom and dad had a lot to remember, and we might of needed those 18 eggs with all the ones that cracked. good thing i’m 5 and hadn’t done this before… and colin? he just tried cracking the eggs (like dad does making pancakes), realizing nothing came out.
Anyway, I did eat this one all up. It had a mild, yet tasty smell, and was a great sweet, yummy veggie puree…the colour is good too, as Daddy sometimes misses my mouth when feeding me-I have to remember he is new to weaning too! I have learnt yet another cool trick-I blow raspberries when daddy has given me a spoonful of food. It does a really funny splattering of food all over daddy..he loves it!
Free Champagne? Excellent.
He spent the morning studying Middle Earth Elves.
Sayre Greenfield’s paper demonstrated the kind of discoveries that this rethinking of relevant information can yield. Noting that assessing negative findings requires caution, Greenfield explored the ways in which a lack of search results—negative evidence—can translate into meaningful information and concluded that “absences are most useful when measured against positive results found elsewhere, in different genres or different periods.” In offering examples of the different hits obtained from performing the same search in ECCO and Burney, he drew attention to the importance of knowing the scope of a given database and the value of working across databases.
’Who says you have to go to Heaven? My teacher says that we have to create a place that’s even better than Heaven right here.’
With a wide open space,
Similasan Homeopathic Nasal Mist is available at Walgreens and other major online retailers as well. I found it at my favorite health food store, there was only one bottle left on the shelf the last time I was there, so I guess I'm not the only one that likes it!!
Truman Capote died of lung cancer and in 1990, Slim passed on.
Sudden Weather Change
It is indeed me under there, but I am working on the assumption that if I can't see the neighbours, they can't see me. And I'm in disguise anyway, they'll never recognise me. That's the way to deal with photos in the garden.
Second thought (after it warmed): The beer tended to thicken up a bit, the mouthfeel improved, and the roasted malts overcame the coffee tastes to forefront. After warming, a few esters came thought adding another dimension to the beer.
Then they tore their garments and made great lamentation; they sprinkled their heads with ashes and prostrated themselves. And when the signal was given with trumpets, they cried out to Heaven.
A time to intensify the flame.
So, without further adieu.......
So it is perfect for this sweet little parlour suite I nabbed moments before it was supposed to go to the WAC. I love these and it fulfills my need to own more chairs that no one sits on. I like this set because it was complete, consisting of the two seater, two ladies chairs and two gents.
On Sunday, we’ll get a taste of Indian Summer. On campus, Roger Williams University is hosting its first Open House of the new academic year. These days are always filled with hope. Student curious about the future; parents nervously guarded but engaged; as we, the faculty, work through the reasons students should consider studying with us here.
This Sunday is a day for mothers. All mothers. So please, this year, remember that bereaved mothers are part of the Mother's Day club. Please, reach out to one or two and see their child, always loved, always missed.
They do not tell us – for the reason that they’d like to conceal it – about the same disconnect that academia isn’t telling us – because it is incapable of revealing it.
And the bigger and quicker and thicker and slicker the bullshite falls
Pacing is allowed in the Leadville 100, from the 50-mile turnaround point, on. Pacing involves running with your runner for long periods of time, to keep them on task, and to lift their attitude above their (sometimes) subhuman doldrums; but mainly: to make yourself feel like a saint for putting up with bitchy crap from your cranky runner. And, as an added bonus (at Leadville), you get to run at an elevation of two-miles high, with absolutely no acclimation to the altitude! (My FlatLander's red blood cells are still giving me grief over that weekend escapade. I think I actually got a nasty text from one of those poor, hemoglobin-starved corpuscles the other day).
bad joke for money: (see above, it’s the underlying theme here) HAHAHAHA, hilarious!
Freda is in a bad mood, stalking around in the room, finding everything unsatisfactory…
Regardless of which definition is accepted, it is doubtful that states are legally bound by the Stateless Convention to protect de facto stateless persons. However, many have argued that they should receive the same level of protection, since they are largely facing the same risks. UNHCR has on occasion argued that both
8 things about me:
Durga Prasad – who is a new addition to the team and is probably the only ‘international’ chef in my kitchen, having worked in hotels from Mumbai to Hong Kong to London to Zurich to New York and Sydney – has a kadhi recipe from Benaras (Varanasi in UP) which uses extremely sour yoghurt and has a bay leaf added to it. His recipe also includes dumplings. Most unique!!
So I made a book with just pictures in it.
And though the tide of busybody regulation of individual sexual activity has largely receded in most of the civilized world, the United States remains submerged in it and some things are the same now as they were in the 19th century. Busybody moralists still profess that their efforts to infantilize whores, rob us of agency, hunt us down and destroy our livelihoods are “for our own good”; amateur women are still victimized by laws designed to “get” prostitutes, sex workers still face the prospect of our children being abducted and our goods pillaged by the State, crypto-moralists still believe that puritanical eating regimens and disinfection of everything are the keys to health, and the “dirty whore” stereotype is as popular as ever. Though the incidence of venereal disease is twice as high in the promiscuous segment of the general population as among streetwalkers and only 3 to 5% of venereal disease in the United States is related to prostitution (compared to 35% from adolescents), the myth doggedly persists that whores spread disease. When one further considers that some studies have shown STD rates up to 80x higher in streetwalkers than in other types of prostitutes, this means that the incidence of STDs in promiscuous non-prostitutes is up to 160x that in escorts, and that escorts and brothel workers together account for only about 0.4% of the sexually transmitted disease in the United States. Yet every legalization regime includes mandatory (and often invasive) “health checks”, while 95-97% of STDs are spread by the good, “clean” members of the general population who can legally screw anybody they like without even the most cursory or sporadic health checks and face neither stigma nor revocation of their professional credentials should they turn up infected.
Bad news: My Mac just exploded. Piff. Not reading the main drive. I'm hoping that my backup was working right and caught everything, but I know it was tight for space and I think my editing folder was one of the 'save it if you can' parts.
A man named James Dunne was keeper, assisted by Frank Weekes, who was living with his wife and a 3-year-old child (reportedly an orphan from New Jersey).
Mommy smiled.
Somewhere off in the distance,
In ’92, there was NOTHING cooler than Kevin McCallister and his Talk-Boy! Macaulay acts his ass off in the second part of one of the greatest Christmas stories of all time. When Harry (Joe Pesci) and Marv (Daniel Stern) escape from prison, they make their way to New York City, the same place Kevin accidentally landed after he gets separated from his family during a Christmas trip… imagine that!
The door slammed after him. Mommy sighed and waited for a count of three hundred, before walking upstairs with big, heavy steps. She carried a man’s belt with her. Sarah slept on her stomach that night.
I know the blog is largely neglected but I thought I'd give a more in depth update on what we have been doing. If I shoot for updates with seasons I just may be able to stay on track.
The trial: Amy Senser is on trial for three counts of felony criminal vehicular homicide. Senser pleads ‘not guilty’ to all counts. Senser’s attorney filed a request for a trial outside of Hennepin County due to ‘media attention’ but was denied. The criminal trial begins Monday, April 23, 2012 in a Hennepin County Court under Judge Daniel Mabley.
b) it was cheaper
Tomboys are confident, rebellious, and adventurous. They are bold, brazen, fierce—and sexy. They aren’t known for following rules, they are known for doing—and wearing—whatever they want.
Now, at the age of 41, he's the vice-curator of Chongqing Talents Museum, creating masterpieces using paintbrushes held in his mouth and between his toes. Awarded the position for both his artistic achievements and determined spirit, he has inspired other mouth-and-foot painters to join the museum.
Ardric, son of Herebeald, is a nobleman of an Eastenmet steading. Proud, capable, and action-oriented, he requires armor that both protects him well and inspires his men to follow him in battle. Check out the player’s in-character writings about Ardric; he’s a great epic character.
These people work along the south of England but there are others all over the country who deserve your support and thanks for the ceaseless support they give people. We (the family) are hoping to be at the annual dinner this year. When we have attended in the past it has been fun and friendly. We have always been, as has everyone else, made very welcome.
This is the pattern I've chosen for my newest project.
Making comparisons is complicated by the fact that the effect of the escaping methane is best evaluated differently over different time horizons but Ingraffea’s conclusion in simplified terms is that gas is not a cleaner fuel than its fossil fuel rivals if considered from the standpoint of a 100 year time horizon and looked at from the standpoint of a 20 year time horizon is 20% worse. Here is New York Times/Greenwire coverage: Shale Gas Isn't Cleaner Than Coal, Cornell Researchers Say, by Mike Soraghan of Greenwire, April 11, 2011. The coverage seems to fall into the trap of “he-said/she-said” reporting, not even treating “Energy-In-Depth” as the mere PR mirage it is.
I’ve been sitting here for an hour trying to figure out how to describe this book without giving key plot points away. It is a hell of a great sci-fi adventure novel with equal parts action, horror, mystery, and some genuinely funny moments that combine to make a great ride.
right now you may believe you been given all these things
The tutorial was a whopping 30MB in size, and I have been paring it down by reshooting some of the photos at a lower resolution. I also had to delete the gallery of finished pieces, which is a bummer, because I know all of you look forward to those at the end of the tuts.
At the forefront of all serious revolutions in history is the simple slogan: cancel the debts and redistribute the land. As a result, one of the first acts after a revolution is to destroy tax and debtor records, as well as land contracts.
The plot was perfectly balanced with Zombie encounters and the flirtatious scenes between would be lovers that is so characteristically Austen. The result was a fanciful and delightful experience. When Zombies descend upon Netherfield, Mr. Bennet tells his daughters they must follow in his footsteps and become Zombie hunters. As the five women master weaponry and combat strategies, they become daring and proud. Their skills attract the attention of the eligible men surrounding them, while simultaneously making them social outcasts. Shunned from a ball, Mr. Bennet is determined to rehabilitate his daughters’ reputation by making them respected Zombie hunters and protectors.
In this movie, The Ides off March, who is Caesar? Who is Brutus?
And now we are to have a referendum. Mr Cameron, the near-illiterate occupier of the post of Disraeli and Gladstone and Churchill, steals a word from Quebec and refers to it as a neverendum. Is there a better definition of democracy than a neverendum? He will face a neverendum at the end of his five years if not sooner. In the long history of Scotland our referendum's only significance is that we feel unhappy and we want change. Whatever the result that feeling will remain.
Yes, I said surgery. When it first happened, I had no idea where the rack fell. She was in such a state of hysteria that I couldn’t get a word out of her. So, I just assumed it was one of those crappy funny bone/hurts for a few minutes/you move on with life type of deals. However, as the morning went on and my child’s poor toe turned bright red and the toenail bright purple, I knew this was going to be a significant deal. Even still, I didn’t think it would be that significant.
Hello my Love My Tapes friends! Hope you are having a fantastic day. Me, I've been sick, but feeling a bit better now and super excited to show you a super duper Clean and Simple Card I made in less than 5 minutes, just playing around with Washi Tapes!! I love Washi Tapes, they are so easy to work with and all the colors available are just great.
Here is my heart laid bare:
who knows, she hasn't been around for so long, maybe she's becoming a cult icon.
Source: Clean Eating Magazine, February 2011, Page 38
Velvet Underground.
Thanks to the brothers who showed me my error.
It took some time..but now winter made up his mind...its here...!!!
Here is the end result.
THE POP COP: Do you read blogs or take an interest in what people write about you?
Shake hard, strain into long glass over ice. Top with Ginger Beer. Drink at Christmas instead of eggnog. Invented for a British magazine
The other day we had a story on a new law coming into force which makes knowing about child abuse and not reporting an offence which can get you up to 10 years in prison. News, yes? Yes, news. On the same day, breakfast food kingpin Sanitarium announced that due to a quake-damaged factory, the country was running out of Marmite*** and there would be no more stock until July.
4 figure
Image/Stamp-Digital Image called Ballerina by D' Amour Allure
64 min: Play has yet to resume at Stamford Bridge, wheer Tioté is still being looked after by paramedics. He’s unlikely to continue. Meanwhile at the Reebok, the second half has just resumed and Bolton are applying early pressure on Spurs as they desperately seek an equaliser. “On the subject of artistics movements, don’t forget Merda d’artista by the Italian artist Piero Manzoni, who pooped in a can,” recommends Richard Hooker. “The contemporary footballing analogy would be Merda D’alglish.”
You should have seen the display of animal like behavior last year when I was running our local Baseball League Snackbar, and I ran out of Dr. Pepper one night... I thought one hag was gonna grab my neck and strangle me...
This explanation seems just as likely as anything else.
Hambly’s Those Who Hunt the Night: If you haven’t read this vampire novel, do it. It is intelligent, historically-informative, and not at all oversexed or glittery. (I do like me some glittery vampires, but I fell in love with Don Simon Ysidro before I ever met Edward Cullen.)
License
Leranhin would have ignored her and continued his path toward following the Rollin who now ironically called himself Rollinsmith, Rollin’s myth it played in his mind. Something quite basic about that amusing enough that it would have brought a smile to his face if he had half a mind to pay attention to his own mind’s workings. But instead of being able to continue that path of his feet he found himself stopped by a woman who stepped directly in front of him.
"I would feel more optimistic about a bright future for man if he spent less time proving that he can outwit Nature and more time tasting her sweetness and respecting her seniority."
Our second stop is a gas station so we can fill the tank before beginning our 750 mile trek down south. I’m surprised to see the gas station buzzing with customers – I had no idea so many people were conscious at this ungodly hour of the morning. Again I notice the abundance of scruffy, blue collar workers that surround us, all clad in their stained sweatshirts, jeans, and construction boots. Most of the guys look as though a shower and shave isn’t a part of their morning routine.
Item #: CWW-M1201-8
Good friends of mine knew one another in high school and she worked at an A and W in the city they both resided in. He used to drive through for whatever he could think of just to see her and she really liked him as well but he was too nervous to ask her out. They both went on with their lives, marrying, children, etc. Only to find themselves still single again after all those years and, well, you guessed it. Love at first sight, second sight, third sight, etc Happily married for many years now, they inspire me both as individuals and the lovely couple they are together.
Marcin Wasilewski, Slawomir Kurkiewicz and Michal Miskiewicz have a synergy that is fresh and contagious, occasionally brushing past touch points of the familiar on the way to something new. The Marcin Wasilewski Trio represents a breathtaking fusion that Faithful makes worth hearing and exploring time and again.
And there is always time for change.
It wets her appetite
I am happy to report, it TOTALLY WORKS.
This morning the body went to the bath room for a wash.
Conclusion: Don't try this at home.
Vail sets up a confrontation in court. After Venable questions him harshly, Aaron turns into Roy and charges at her, threatening to snap her neck if anyone comes near him. Aaron is subdued by courthouse marshals and is rushed back to his cell. In light of Aaron's apparent insanity, the judge dismisses the jury in favor of a bench trial and then finds Aaron not guilty by reason of mental insanity, and remands him to a mental hospital
I want to stay in the yellow.
In exactly two weeks from today, we will be getting ready to head to Disney!!!!!! I can't wait! We'll spend a few days with Jamie's brother(s), then on Sunday, we'll hit the park. I really wanted to be 30 pounds lighter by then, but I don't think I'll get there. I guess I just have to be happy with the progress I have made. I do think that after Easter, I am going to do a second round of the drops--try to add more to my weight loss. Heck, I'd need to do about four rounds of the drops in order to lose all the weight I have to lose!
Point by point home
So, the simple solution is to make them myself, right? Right. But I've been on the lookout for cheap leather for some time, and it has consistently eluded me. I know you can buy leather scraps at a decent price, but I was nervous about taking the risk when I wasn't even sure if it would work.
Back around 100 B.C., these burial clubs started springing up around Rome with the purpose of pooling resources to pay funeral expenses in case of the unexpected death of a club member. While it is impressive that they came up with this concept, the reason why it was necessary — and even encouraged by government and the military — seems a little more in line with the time.
And her mixer? It now has a permanent home on a white InterMetro cart from the Container Store that she has made her baking station. I love that she can wheel the cart right out of the pantry, plug in the mixer and do all of her baking without ever having to pick up the mixer at all!
after all just a slight name change I think is ok.
More underwater pyramids were found off Central America, Yucatan, and Louisiana, where domes were found in the Straits of Florida. A marble Greek style building was found between Florida and Cuba. And what about the column that radiated energy Dr. Zink found in the Bahamas and Zink also brought up other artifacts from his dives over Atlantis, and he was interviewed by Mind International agent Steve Forsberg.
For those of us in North America, the manga also has the advantage of having continuous releases without being bottlenecked by long translation periods.
Me: (looking at the strip, which I had noticed we weren't tracing any contractions since her epidural placement) Well, we (meaning you) might need to adjust the toco as I am sure her contractions didn't stop completely.
A wide-spread, plentiful denizen of parks and backyards through most of seaside Florida, this types often happens in sets year-round, like the canyon and the Abert’s towhees. The Florida and the identical canyon were formerly conspecific, though they have never been known to overlap in variety, even as vagrants. Polytypic. Duration 9" (23 cm).
"well you answered" ... gonna stop doing that .....
Consistently expressing his lack of religious identity and his focus on being Tunisian before being Jewish, he refuted suggestions that he was on the wrong side of the debate, having petitioned the Tunisian government to protect members of the Jewish community in light of recent threats.
Thomas the Tank Engine (Towo as you call him), bags, shoes, littlest pet shop, drawing, and dancing.
I went yesterday for a yoga class which was really just an old lady stretching class in the dark. We did more deep breathing than stretching. Today I went to try out the weights and treadmill.
Starting this month, the "Burnet Flea" expanded to the second and last Sunday of each month from 7am-4pm. They only had 4-5 vendors out there today, but I'm betting this market could really blow up once the weather cools down. It seems like a natural draw with the teeming brunch crowd next door.
Go nature!
Speak with integrity. Say only what you mean. Avoid using the word to speak against yourself or to gossip about others. Use the power of your word in the direction of truth and love.
The end result: a collection of breathtaking “‘Nuff Said” issues! It’s almost as if Mr. Jemas and Mr. Quesada knew in advance that their high-pressure challenge would compel the creators in question to produce these comic-book gems. But that couldn’t have happened…could it?
I'm sitting at my desk, and just above my computer screen is a picture of the four year old version of me. I can look at her and want to protect her...wishing I could go back and warn her, or build up her self-esteem...what made it so hard for me to want to protect myself at my current age, or at any age during the past ten years? It's probably because I've spent a lot of time hating myself. For things both real and unreal. For things I did and things people told me about myself (through their words and actions).
And thanks to all you Pearl Girls for the opportunity to touch base with you today about what’s on my heart—which is actually quite a bit, but it can be summed up in the title of my most recently released book, BEYOND ME: LIVING A YOU-FIRST LIFE IN A ME-FIRST WORLD.
And he sent Nathan the prophet to tell this story to David: “A rich man and a poor man lived in the same town. The rich man owned a lot of sheep and cattle, but the poor man had only one little lamb that he had bought and raised. The lamb became a pet for him and his children. He even let it eat from his plate and drink from his cup and sleep on his lap. The lamb was like one of his own children. One day someone came to visit the rich man, but the rich man didn't want to kill any of his own sheep or cattle and serve it to the visitor. So he stole the poor man's little lamb and served it instead.”
3. Bridal showers and bachelorette parties.
The aqua knobs are from Anthropologie and the pulls are Restoration Hardware. While I love shiny pulls, I had no idea they would show every single little finger print.
He despises the geysers
But it’s missing one face, Hugo Chavez, the hopefully-soon-to-die dictator of Venezuela.
Taking the workshop got me thinking about that article. I walked in on the first day feeling that my muslin was looking good enough and I’d have few adjustments to make . . . I would have gone out in public had I made it in fashion fabric. Five muslins later, we reached a point when the darts flattered my figure and the sleeves looked streamlined instead of like fabric tubes randomly attached to my sides. This is when I remembered that Korelitz’s article asked the question, “Why are women so afraid of dressing up?” Was I afraid to dress up or afraid to take the time to make a garment that looked better than good enough.
2010.09.09 Iraq Baghdad 2 2 Two people are reportedly killed when gunmen open fire on an Anglican church in an incident tied to a threatened Quran burning.
The palate was succulent and concentrated with rich apricot notes and clean balancing citrus backed up by swirls of rich toffee and caramel on the clean balanced finish.
Service: Existing service on Amtrak’s Wolverine Line from Pontiac to Detroit. Plans are for high speed service between Detroit and Chicago. Proposed commuter rail line between Ann Arbor and Detroit.
Blogger, being Blogger, decides what order the photos will go. How frustrating!
Baird rising sun pale ale
7. You could have ended the open massacre in Afghanistan with a stroke of a pen, but you didn’t.
One of the reports said 9 percent of the victims claimed to be victims of “non-consensual sodomy.”
Artwork By: Andrew Gable
I only hope now they have hopefully settled the crazy quest for the world's highest abv. with 'The End of History' beer, they will get back to producing great innovative beers in sufficient volume for us all, after all we don't want their creative energies burning out just yet.
I think I need to roll an alt.
and just incase that wasn't enough to love, his amazing designs for prefab emergency housing, shelters, schools (even churches!) have been adopted by the united nations for numerous emergencies around the globe. and he's the founder of VAN ( the voluntary architects network!)
1 tomorrow
(Original image of T.J. Martley, Ben Leifer, Steve Lambert, Sam Wisman and Matt Otto by Plastic Sax.)
That your beauty itself wants proving;
From the dark green thy yellow circles burst.
It's a curious mental exercise, which can degenerate into solipsistic circle-jerk if one is not careful. As much amusement I get out of that inquiry between Sabina and I, it really doesn't matter; the me of ten years ago is ten years gone. The me of here and now is in the here and now, and, when it comes down to brass tacks and bedposts, here and now is all I've got. Everything else is a memory or a jack-off fantasy.
‘Your client was not injured enough to go to the hospital that night. You say he sought some sort of medical treatment the next day. Do you have those medical records that you can show us?’
THE DIVAS DIAMOND by Victoria Christopher Murray
Thank you for asking how I am it means the world to me...:0)
Last night was a fun Parisian night. Nothing crazy, but so not my typical night in New York.
Recalled from some old nursery rhyme,
We've come a long way since last year's defeat of HB 187, but passing positive legislation is always harder than defeating bad legislation. The Farm Bureau and private landowners are going to be lobbying hard against this. Fishermen, hunters, boaters and other recreational water users need to make their voices heard, and a strong turnout to the rally would be a big step.
5. Silent Night
Wipes
Loving reading what y’all are doing for Calendar time…thanks for letting me “join in”!
We could well continue to ask similar questions but all are answered with the same answer. The offer of the kingdom was withdrawn because Israel did not accept the Lord Jesus Christ as King of the Jews. A quick look at Romans 11:25 will prove the point.
Welcome to my room . Thank you one and all for your visit and comment if you left one .
We bought two beautiful pumpkins from the Coleman farm and were looking forward to some carving action the next night.
Energy: The book compares future energy use to CSAs. In other words, we need to start developing local energy (CSEs). Question: How much does it cost to put solar panels on one's house? For now, I am waiting for my current contract to expire with Amigo Energy and then I will switch to Green Mountain. I don't really know what else to do besides conserve...Any ideas?
“Yes. Why?”
It weighs a lot more than a pound too.
Roger and his brother, Randy, left their parent’s house, without Roger’s latest lay. As they were sitting at the gas station, filling up his babe mobile with gas, they quickly spotted two teenage girls parked at the other gas pump. Marianna, a tall, thin blond in skin-tight blue jeans, was pumping gas into her beat-up GTO. Her friend, Isabel, who was rather backward and not the leggy beauty Marianna was, was sitting in the car listening to the radio. Not blind to the eye of the men Isabel watched as Marianna was approached by the stranger. “What are you ladies up to tonight?” he asked. “We’re celebrating my early graduation from high school”, Marianna Bea Cochran responded. Isabel quickly turned down the music when Marianna started talking to Roger.
The guy in charge of closing loopholes exploited by millionaires avoiding tax, is a millionaire, using these same loopholes to avoid paying tax! Better still, we pay him, ARE YOU FUCKING KIDDING ME! And they wonder why the riots happened, why occupy happened. Billions used to bail out the rich, given the green light by the rich. How fucking dare they ask for the poor, the old and the needy pay for their mistakes.
It will probably be glued into the book or put into an envelope. It was a good practice of painting and such, so I’ll keep it for later. Besides that, there’s some images for the next pages (9 and 16). I have an idea for page 9, sort of going to play around with it, but I painted page 16 only out of impulse. I used a sprizer to add rubbing alcohol to the watercolor. Alcohol is a pretty cool thing to drop onto watercolor because it makes odd patterns that are splotchy, but not as splotchy and textured as adding salt.
Mike DeJean = 4 points
I often wonder who writes the jacket blurbs that are supposed to catch our attention and get us to pick up a book. The publisher? Have they even read their own authors? These little teasers often hold no relation to the story inside the covers.
Keep these thoughts in mind while you consider the reasons why South African Christians, during the Apartheid era, refused to bow their knees to the Communists, and why the small so-called “rightwing” element in the country was (and still is) predominantly anti-Jewish.
Look for Versions of this video IN YOUR LANGUAGE in the occupy youself playlist and…SPREAD THE WORD!
Walsh is certainly not as high-profile as, say, Rick Santorum. He has also not been a friend to Israel or Jews. But in dedicating a column explicitly to supporting a one-state solution to the Israeli/Palestinian conflict, Walsh immediately has made one of the highest-profile gestures towards mainstreaming that position in American politics.
03 I Was Your Man
Okay, 2010 마지막 흐름을 쥐고 흔들어
When she finished speaking, the entire room gave her an emotional standing ovation.
I thought about the dancing I witnessed earlier that day, and about the dancing I was watching now. And I thought about my question of despair: How can I talk peace with people who dance on our blood?
Well, I would like to go to bed. I'll try to write better soon.
This is something I have had on my mind to write for days now.
I know the issue of violence by mental health patients is extremely difficult and powerfully emotive – it has been suggested that stories like this reinforce stigma and unrealistic stereotypes because they significantly over-emphasize the potential to be the victim of such an attack. I get that completely. I can only repeat the point that this blog is about policing and the role it plays in supporting mental health processes as well as the role it plays in protecting society from harm as we do with all manner of violent crime. Incidents such as this are an infrequent but recurring part of policing. Most are far less serious incidents and get referred to the police as a part of the wider, more extended mental health system. This is where my ‘venn diagram’ of policing, mental health and criminal justice is relevant.
By the time Riley came around, choke chains were taboo. I am taking my life and my reputation into my hands just confessing to you that we once used one. No, for Riley it was clicker training. With clicker training, you have to be coordinated. You have the clicker in one hand, a treat in another, the dog's leash in another, and you do hand signals with the other. At least, that's how I remember it. I am not agile, and I only have two hands, and so I had a lot of trouble with clicker training.
For example; in Jeremiah 25 the captives of Judah in Babylon are told that their captivity will last seventy years. This was written 70 years before Babylon was overthrown by the Medes & Persians and Israel returned to Judea from their captivity.
More interestingly, across the Narrow Sea Daenerys Stormborn finds herself being wined, dined, wooed and eventually proposed to by Xaro Xhoan Daxos in Qarth (once more, hooray for a multicultural Qarth!). Marry him and she’ll be wealthy and he’ll give her the army she needs to sail to Westeros and take back the Iron Throne. Her knight turned advisor Jorah Mormont (anyone notice he has the same last name as The Lord Commander on The Wall? no? really? huh.) manages to persuade her against accepting this offer, and reveals a bit of his feelings in a moment that is the height of the phrase “awwwkward.” The warlock Pyat Pree finally shows up (in the book he actually escorts Dany to Qarth) and does some impressive parlor tricks, inviting the Targaryen princess to the House of the Undying. Quaithe also makes an appearance, though I have to say I’d always imagined that mask differently.
Not to infer, of course, that our parents all made a mess of our infancy. Or that Dad doomed you to life with a tightwad when you weren’t allowed a pony. But, no matter how much our parents strove to love us, the developing brain experiences times when love feels absent as small emotional traumas.
$70.00
Highly recommended, especially if you are a journalist or in any way interested in journalism.
Luckily, even the CR123a lithium batteries can now be had at most all major stores, and many smaller ones as well. By mail order, they can be bought at decent prices in packs of ten. Of course AA, C, and D cells are on the shelf at every Wal-Mart in the land.
In other words, the corporation (government) spends the people’s money but never has to pay the people back. Instead, it spends the peoples money, and then charges the people the same amount (plus interest) as debt for the privilege of it spending the people’s dollars. Now, imagine if I asked you to borrow money and then demanded that you pay me back the same amount of money plus interest (usury) – doubling your loss plus interest. What would you do? Would you bend over and take it? Would you work three jobs so that you can pay me back the money you loaned me plus interest? Would you go to jail (debtors prison) or give up your property to eminent domain and confiscation by the government (IRS) if I demanded that you pay me back the money that I owe you?
Death etc. We were two, we had but one heart
Hello friends! Well it was a rough road getting here but we are finally home and I'd like you all to meet our little Sloane Sidney she is the sweetest baby and we all feel so blessed to have her. Big sister is of course crazy excited and super inquisitive.
Daily these cops go around slapping white women and the elderly to extort bribes from them. They are nothing but corrupt filth. It is at times like this that I wish I could be there. God only knows how I hate these pigs. I pray every day for the change to wreak revenge on their asses.
Among the river sallows, borne aloft
Please keep your blog post request coming, I love to hear back from you :)
Contemporary Hungary is offering an abject lesson in how quickly democracy can go to hell when politicians confront thankless options and take the low road. The Fidesz-dominated coalition government came to power in 2010 on the high stakes promise of ‘no more austerity’ and it has been selling a fantasy of national renewal on the top of increasingly authoritarian government practice and deteriorating financial conditions ever since. To make good on its electoral promises one of Fidesz’s first measures was to pay for tax cuts by expropriating private pension funds back into the public budget: an act that put the budget into a one-off surplus for 2011 but which damaged Hungary’s international financial credibility which worsened thereafter – government debt has had ‘junk bond’ status for many months now. By March 2011 the government announced its economic strategy in the form of the Széll Kálmán Plan: a programme, so it turned out, of severe austerity, particularly for lower income groups. It presaged significant cuts in health, welfare entitlements and higher education but promised the creation of a million jobs within ten years.
This month we have the incomparable Heather Jacob joining us as a Guest Designer! If you haven't stopped by Heather's blogs -- Art and Life and Art and Soul -- then you are missing out on some of the most beautiful scrapbooking and altered art creations to be found! Thank you so much to Heather for joining us at The Paper Mixing Bowl this month - your creations are truly inspirational and we are overjoyed to have you as our Guest Designer for May!
Before I proceed I must make something clear. For Pete’s sake ‘I AM’ and ‘AM’ have TWO DIFFERENT MEANINGS. It is just one-kind to apply them to the same thing. E.g I am a girl & Am a girl. Do you see the problem here? Ehn? For those that can abbreviate ‘is’ sef, ‘I AM’ can be shortened to “I’M”. Somehow it irks me when I see this phrase being abused and massacred. So please people for my sanity just use “I’M”. Thank you
There are two other firsts for me on this card. Embossing with the Cuttlebug is one of them. Wow – this is amazing and I can’t believe we waited so long to get one. The Swiss dots are just perfect.
It's easy to be charmed by the lazy, summery feel of Burnt by the Sun. And then it's easy to be horrified by the darker undercurrents which run beneath that charm. A film which tackles (some would say, exploits) the ugly Stalinist purges of post-Revolution Russia, it is an emotional wringer. It also won awards and accolates at both Cannes and the Oscars, though it continues to polarize audiences - mostly because of director/writer/star Nikita Milkhakov's controversial celebrity.
3. My little trusty arm band also told me an interesting fact. On Friday, we had a little girls’ “kitchen dance party” where we hit the CD player with Season 2 of Glee and we chopped and danced and danced and danced… Something that you can usually see if you look in my window around dinner time. lol I’m thinking of doing a video post on this in the future to scare all of America! Anyhow, when I synched my armband up a day or two later, I forgot about our little “dance party” and I saw my calories burned and was like…. “What was I doing Friday afternoon? My cardio numbers were huge!” Hmmm, o yes, it was my “kitchen dance party!” You can be sure we have implemented this little shinding into our dinner prep a few days a week… So come on…
Oil - 2 teaspoon
Analysts such as Jeffrey Nichols (www.nicholsongold.com) explain that these central bank gold buys help provide downside protection for the price of gold “with central banks buying on dips when their purchases would not be disruptive or particularly visible to other market participants and observers of the gold scene.”
The TDS Austin office is being designed as a studio environment, utilizing open space, meeting and huddle rooms, and lots of natural light. The goal is creativity and collaboration. Dreary cubicle farms need not apply. The Technology Group team will share the office with sales and marketing teams, thus accelerating product strategy and sharing of ideas.
The circle statistics for Comiket 81:
it's new not to be an eruption and instead be life
When and where do you most enjoy being outdoors?
HAPPYKAT: Meow and thank you. I shall be hanging this in the Pussy Cave.
The Tabernacle was a sort of mobile temple which Moses was instructed to build for the children of Israel while wandering the desert. There are no “prophecies” in the Tabernacle, which is a blatant description of the future Christ, but rather “foreshadows.” These are images which point forward to Christ through their shape or the rituals built around them.
Before leaving graduate school, there’s one more story to share:
If you're a fan of homemade chocolate bread, this recipe is for you to try. This is a delicious yeasted chocolate loaf, that is not too sweet and has a deep chocolate flavor.
But mostly, it's a celebration of the returning sun, the waxing light, the cycle renewed.
I forgive myself for judging myself as lazy. The truth is this just isn't the time to do those projects. There will be time. It's just not today. Why is it, when you're aiming to be evolved and enlightened, you have to do so much self-processing?
Origin:
Harold, a thief, is framed into stealing an object to test him before being recruited, against his will, to the most dangerous burglary he could ever undertake in his life. He has to steal the Rainbow Horn to save the kingdom from orcs and demons and the Nameless One. We meet his colourful comrades for this undertaking, a band of Wild Hearts - men, gnomes, dwarfs and goblins - along with elves. They set out to retrieve the horn, but only after Harold has his own adventures in preparing for the mission.
I thought it looked like strength for so long
For example: in the first sentence we see "tossing a brief backward glance." A glance is, by definition, brief. There is no such thing as a long glance, or even a medium-length glance. Why would a writer use the phrase "a brief backward glance?" Yes, Person in Back, that's right, because he gets paid by the word. Or he is have a stupid moment. No other reason. However, you are being paid to ask me leading questions so I look smart, not to give away all the answers. Please keep that in mind.
Previously, in Batman: The Court of Owls, a mysterious organisation that claims to run Gotham from the shadows has targeted Batman for death. After escaping their labyrinth and capturing one of their Talon assassins, Batman returned to Wayne Manor to recuperate and plan his next move.
– When an associate asks you if you want a store credit card, don’t bite their head off. Management insists they do so. It’s not because they want to!
I sent home a progress report at the end of last week to let parents know how their children were doing. (Yes, I do realize that it was only the end of the fourth week of school!) But I figure that if I am going to get them to help their children master the alphabet by the end of the first trimester, I will have to start lighting that fire ASAP, because it is not going to be an easy task for some. I am attaching this progress report for you as a free download, just in case you would like to do the same! I know that some parents may not do anything with the information, but at least half of them will take the information to heart and try a little harder to help their children. And anything that the parents do is one less thing that I have to do myself, that’s for sure! Even if it just helps a little bit, it’s worth a try. I will also send home a fresh set of alphabet flash cards with some of them to practice with.
It is Judy’s self assured attitude that has propelled the triumphs that she has reached in her work. “Push, push, push” and “be determined” she insists. “You shouldn’t be apologetic when being asked questions about your business”. She has a steadfast outlook on her own enterprise, saying that even if no one else will wear her designs, “I’ll wear it”.
Let's see what the whole crew has to share with you today.
That's how both the New York Times and the Washington Post are emphatically describing the Republican primaries now that Rick Santorum has won Mississippi and Alabama. That phrase appears in the first paragraph of the NYT article. The headline for the WaPo article on the homepage (though it doesn't show up at the link) is:
This death and many others that I look back on have caused me to reflect on what is important in life. My thoughts keep going back to them and through my grief I celebrate their goodness. I have come to realize what I cherish most in my life:
I will not be broken, I will not turn back, I will succeed.”
That they made me bring you home,
In May 2002 a Tory councillor was persecuted by Government minister Peter Hain who did so much to bring genocide on White South African farmers. Professor Geoffrey Samspon's website stated, 'There is overwhelming scientific evidence that races differ to some extent in their average intelligence levels - yellow-skinned Orientals tend to be rather brighter than whites, negroes tend to be rather less bright.” Hain, a founder member of the Anti Nazi League, raved on Breakfast with Frost, “Sampson is proud to be racist”. Prof Sampson was only given right to reply on Radio 4’s Today programme which is heard less than television. He explained Hain’s statement was untrue and “as far as I am concerned it would be daft to be proud of racism — what is there to be proud of?” But this was ignored in subsequent TV news broadcasts, which kept repeating Hain’s distortion. Special Branch warned him he was a marked man and advised him on safety precautions to reduce the risk of harm to him or his family. He was advised to look under his car before driving to check that nothing was attached - the result of a Labour government minister publicly persecuting him. (6)
the works on this hill,
Plastic plates & flatware -- Birthday Express
I hope you all had a lovely, productive weekend.
And I did it all with this shovel.
But the corruption is already coming out in the open. “New Hampshire conservationists had high hopes for how $18 million in funding generated by the Regional Greenhouse Gas Initiative (RGGI) might advance energy efficiency projects,” wrote columnist Fergus Cullen in the New Hampshire Union Leader earlier this year. “Unfortunately, cronyism and corporate welfare hallmark too many grants awarded by the Public Utilities Commission so far.”
So, that being said... here are the girls' costumes, in all their glory. The two older girls chose their own costumes this year, and Cailin's was ultimately my decision, influenced heavily by her interests. :)
However… it appears that temporal lords may not be infallible
Don’t be too easy on yourself either. I honestly believe that the 30 day mark is important. If you can go more than that at a stretch, that’s great. I also believe that more than 3 or 4 days without writing at all can maybe knock you out of that game.
We have been composting for several years. Collecting kitchen scraps is an easy way to fortify that deliciously dark "food" for your soil and your fruits and veggies. How to manage the scraps, not so much.
It’s ironic that in the same weekend Luis Suarez got his first hat rick for us Fernando Torres achieved the same fete for Chelsea. Both players have had their problems since their respective moves however on the pitch Suarez has easily eclipsed Torres in terms of bedding down into his new team. Suarez’s goal tally for the campaign could be better however one can say about every Reds attacker or midfielder this season. What he has provided is a threat, he is the footballing equivalent of a hypoactive child, defenders can’t take eyes off him for fear of what he’s going to do next. A day like Saturday was always going to happen, and surely there will be more!
My Statement of Faith and Practice
For starters, my football team, the Pittsburgh Steelers, had their quest for a further record-setting seventh Super Bowl trophy end early last weekend. To say I was disappointed is an understatement, but being born a Steeler fan I know there is always next year. What made me feel worse was that I wasn’t able to catch any games this season. It’s superstitious, I know, but it seemed like any time I tried watching a game, bad things began happening for the team and I needed to change the channel. The playoff game proved to be no exception.
Here is the gorgeous work of the DT...
Excessive bail shall not be required, nor excessive fines imposed, nor cruel and unusual punishments inflicted.
forth from darkness
We should trust in Christ, the Pharisees didn’t believe in Jesus but we should. Jesus loved us enough to die for us while we were still sinners,
Or emptied like an old
‘Peach’ is IU’s self-composed track, which has been described as having a loveable feeling without having the “dark sounds revealing deep internal emotions in her previous songs.” The track has been named “Peach” due to IU’s love for the fruit and word, and “a nickname she wants to give to her lover to deliver the vibe she gets when pronouncing the word.”
The shape of the shadow mimics the shape of the guitar. On this image, it is almost parallel. If you are worried you're not doing it right, you can take a second copy of the image, slide it over a bit, and trace it.
A huge epic war is waged in this poem after Sita is stolen from her lover by a greedy king. However, after she is won back, her lover tells her that he doesn’t love or want her any more and he only saved her to avenge his honor, making “accusations against her purity”. She, in a heroic comeback, speaks back to the dishonorable prince in a public setting during a time when women were barely allowed to speak at all. She claims that he “harbors suspicions against all women”, and chooses to speak for all women, “making a powerful statement about how women are treated” based on the circumstances of a few.
If this sounds easy, then the point of musicality was perhaps lost. In the four steps above, music, was the only element that was repeated four times. Your students have just taken up a musical instrument -- their bodies, and it will take a lifetime to become great musicians of this fine instrument.
After one of the girls finished praying beth said she felt her kidney burning. (which is good =D) We quickly continued praying for a full healing, and during that i was hit with a hot flash and my face was burning. God had truthfully come down to hang out with us. As we finished praying she told us she felt no pain when usually she would have felt pain when pressure was applied.
I was just about to say something about nothing much happening this week since I took the entrance exam... but then THIS happened, and I've been running around the place dancing like a real ninny. I'm torn: I want this to happen, because it's The Hotness and I'd give up a liver (or at least one of my classes) for a chance to hang out with him... but I don't want this to happen, because I still believe that The Hotness has been looking pretty haggard lately and I'd rather that he drop out of this now than be saddled with a project that looks like a turkey at this point. Yes, I still stand by my contention that he will pass out and fall apart from exhaustion by the end of the year.
Step 7: Once rested, carefully tip out the dough onto a floured surface and then carefully stretch out into a square. Cut into four (or two for larger langos).
Tapena is producing some excellent value wines, and these should appeal to many consumers. Wine lovers should enjoy these food friendly wines. They exceeded my expectations and earn my recommendation. Now I just need to check out their Rosé!
Well, Im wearing big girl boxers now.
What makes this show so appealing to the Arab world is that it is about a Muslim family and takes place in a Muslim country. Plus, the more easily understood Arabic dialect (Syrian) which is dubbed in makes viewers feel more bonded and intimate with the characters, as opposed to the use of the formal classical Arabic that is used in so much of the Middle Eastern programming.
with it's mass of deep grey mansard roofs, terracotta chimney pots
I haven’t seen this in Etude House for a while, not sure if it’s discontinued.. Which would be a pity as I quite liked it, and it was really affordable! If anyone spots this, let me know! =)
The next day, the entire campus is in an uproar over Michael's editorial, and Tommy, believing that Ellen is still in love with Joe, decides she is better off without him. Even though, Joe does not really want to marry Ellen, he feels obligated to marry her if she leaves Tommy.
The list of Top 50 craft brewers (by sales) is populated with a lot of names you'd expect, and the compass points in directions you'd likewise guess to be there, i.e. California and Colorado.
This week’s class focused on how to create some php functions – the one that was more difficult was this one.
“There is thus something of an unexpressed complicity: between the pirates, who threaten the liberty but by and large not the lives of crews and maintain their ransom demands at levels which industry can tolerate; the world of commerce, which has introduced precautions but advocates the freedom to meet the realities of the situation by the use of ransom payments; and the world of government, which stops short of deploring the payment of ransom but stands aloof, participates in protective naval operations but on the whole is unwilling positively to combat the pirates with force… In these morally muddied waters, there is no universally recognised principle of morality, no clearly identified public policy, no substantially incontestable public interest, which could lead the courts, as matters stand at present, to state that the payment of ransom should be regarded as a matter which stands beyond the pale, without any legitimate recognition. There are only elements of conflicting public interests, which push and pull in different directions, and have yet to be resolved in any legal enactments or international consensus”
It does get down to practical basics, any way you look at it.
Anyway, Malt. If you're wondering why on earth I bought this polish, I can sum it up with one word: clearance!
But not matter which school I choose both are fairly close to home so that’s good. No more than a 2 hour drive from either of the schools. Speaking of driving I was thinking about my first car not sure what I am going to choose yet.
A few pictures of the Buddha statue that I was able to snap during the brief moments that the rain stopped... It was such a beautiful place, I only wish the rain came happened.... I guess it was just not meant to be.
But, for a moment, and only a moment, I’ll put essential social issues aside. Because while society does seem to be exploring some issues in these dramas, often regarding sex, identity, and power, I also find myself curious as to how it works on a mechanical level. That is, why is it all so addicting, in terms of sheer plot and character construction? Is there a form that describes why I’m addicted, nearly regardless of the setting, location, and most other specifics, so long as everyone is relatively attractive looking, and there’s enough action and scheming? What makes this all so addicting, even for someone like me with a high tolerance for long, boring art-house films? Why do I look forward to a show like this nearly as much as anything during the week?
There were murmurings about "Lakeland" which were obviously designed to confuse the enemy; it's an operational pseudonym for a whole heap of tactics.
The fabric has narrow stripes of elastane woven in which makes it crinkle up. I pressed most of the crinkle out before I made the dress, and I'm interested to see what happens during wear. I'm not sure to what extent it will crinkle up and hence shorten. On a taller woman this is supposed to hit at around knee length. On me (5'6") it's just below, so I hope it doesn't get much shorter! I also omitted lining and interfacing to keep it as soft and drapey as possible. The front neckline is cut almost on the lengthwise grain to make it as stable as possible without tape stays or anything else needed.
Back home, everything was back to normal until Iheard the following piece of news in the evening radio. Those were the days former Prime Minister Rajiv’s assassins were at large.
What this has meant is that my caseload is rather too big, and I wasn't able to review all my patients last week. This is fine, because if there had been any cause for concern, the ward staff would have bleeped me or called the office, which they actually did once or twice. New referrals kept coming in, and those patients have to come first.
Give it a try! Flyball classes are offered at the Jefferson County Fairgrounds which is just off of Hwy 6 in Golden, Colorado. Be sure to check out the websites as each has training available and tournaments in the spring and fall months.
Still not making many cards but am working on a scrapbook that I made by converting a child's hard book into an album. Quite fun. I'll post some pictures soon.
An episode like A GOOD MAN is the hardest kind of episode to write in serialized television because it promises a Big Answer. Unlike the fabulously brilliant PANDORICA OPENS/BIG BANG two-parter that ended Series 5, A GOOD MAN isn’t just offering up an ending, but an answer to question or questions that fandom has been speculating on for a good long while.
She then disappeared for a couple minutes. Honestly, I hadn't really noticed that she had walked out of the room (after all, she was just playing with her sister). But, then it happened... she walked back in the room. And I... GASPED!
The principle of freedom of speech framed in the U.S. constitution assumed that private conversations in public spaces would not become public broadcasts. There were no means at the time to effect this and now that those means do exist, we are effectively naked in the eyes of the law with no defence and a potentially chilling effect on our behaviour that may only allow new, or radical behaviours or speech to those who are completely disconnected from existing norms and so do not fear them.
During World War II the Germans occupied Roussanou and, of course, looted it, which proved to be the nadir for this gracefully perched location. In 1988, the regional archeological service repaired the monastery, adding in the white staircase that can be seen in the photos.
What – Guelph’s Cultural Mapping Project official launch event
But in order to have access to that part of the self, it is imperative that you get very clear about how to make distinctions between the ego and the “Authentic Self.” Once you can make these distinctions clearly, the intuitive dimension that is an inherent quality of the Authentic Self will spontaneously begin to emerge.
Worth a look, I decide.
Wives, submit to your own husbands, as to the Lord. For the husband is head of the wife, as also Christ is head of the church; and He is the Savior of the body. Therefore, just as the church is subject to Christ, so let the wives be to their own husbands in everything. Husbands, love your wives, just as Christ also loved the church and gave Himself for her, (Ephesians 5:22-25 NKJV)
School -- that all-consuming empire -- penetrates so deep into our culture, and so far into our cultural mindset, that it's helpful to remember that all that cacophony erupting from the current system masks some joyful sounds coming from a different quarter.
No King of any Country can sit back and say and do nothing when this horror is happening inside his Kingdom against his people, unless of course he and his family are just rich privileged relics for the tourists, with him possibly soon to find himself in exile and his Country a Republic.
This, of course, comes from a renowned educator...or not. The same guy who a few weeks ago was praising the casting of notorious traitor, Jane Fonda, as Nancy Reagan while simultaneously accusing all Vietnam veterans of being war criminals.
Yahushua warned that false prophets would arise throughout the period between His comings (Matt. 24:5), and that at the end of the age there would be a massive defection from the faith.
Who will it be? Someone less than 6 feet tall and 200 pounds, and not with a cute round face like some of the possibles being mentioned. Do it right, people, choose an unknown with the right edge!
Doing our homework, we discovered that a magazine format would enable us to present essays, poetry, photographs and illustrations with more creative freedom, in a more readable fashion, and also pave the way for future editions. So we have decided to take this route.
In the past, I actually ran a single twin linked Autocannon and kept the Power Fist (upgraded with a Heavy Flamer.) The reason why was in previous lists, I liked having a little hand to hand counter punch for any units that made it across the table. The Power Fist also made aggressive vehicles (Land Raiders, Drop Pods…) think twice about advancing. In the list I’m currently building, though, I have 10 Terminators. That’s enough Power Fists (I hope!) so the second twin-linked Autocannon is in.
The Army complained that the tests were unnecessary and would delay development of its new, lighter brigades.
Girls are not stupid in the sense that they can recognise they are attracted to the “wrong” guys. Girls use these situations as a learning curve in different ways. After dating a succession of bad boys, a girl may finally say to herself ‘How do I not let this happen in the first place?’ Then through dating, which is really a learning process to see what’s good for you and what’s not, she finds that this kind of behavior doesn’t work for her. So she takes what she has learned and looks for a partner that has different traits, ones that will hopefully be more beneficial to her heart.
“There will not be another season of Khloe & Lamar. This was Lamar’s decision. He wants to concentrate solely on his basketball career.
Such a remarkable person, and such a profound message!
Can I be honest for a minute?
October's Deal of the Month - Fall Harvest - 145 Pieces
Mariah is now positioned as the only active recording artist in the 52 years of the Hot 100 (which began in 1958) with the potential to surpass the Beatles’ all-time high of 20 #1 hits.
Sizzix: pennants on-the-edge die (traced around and doodled inside them)
40+ lady: Yung naka blue (simultaneously lifting her finger, pointing
Behind me an elderly man in a worn banian (cotton vest) wiped the windshield clean before bending over the bonnet of the sturdy Premier Padmini, the preferred choice of Bombay taxi drivers. Dipping the cloth rag in a bucket of water he reached over the roof and gave it quick swipes, back and forth. Then he emptied the bucket to the side of the lane.
My parents didn’t raise genius’s, but we’re certainly well adjusted for our time period. We don’t seem to deal with the same difficulties of others in our generation. It made me wonder, if you throw out all the super-kid mumbo jumbo, how did my parents raise just decent kids? That’s maybe a better parenting question nowadays. And looking back-bear with me– it sounds bad at first-I think it was a little bit of neglect. Nothing dangerous or malicious. Certainly not to the extent that we felt unloved. But my parents both worked, sometimes very long hours. And working so much, they were tired and liked to just hang out with each other when they were home.
Bianca was also a jet-set party goer.
Mansa Musa
Alas, the burden of ultimate editorial control.
What I am seeking to demonstrate is that those who mock anyone who questions Obama's eligibility and claim the matter has been resolved are very wrong. The matter has most certainly not been resolved, very far from it.
We had a collar on M57, which meant that we would be gaining all-important fine-scale data about how he was using the landscape. But understanding how females use their territory is important to determining what drives reproduction, and at this point, understanding reproduction is one of the most pressing research questions for wolverines in the Lower 48. Collaring F3 might allow us to gather some data on this question. When I left the office at 5:00 that afternoon, there was still no word.
1) If a married boy wants to cheat, he will do it - if not with you, then with the next girl (or boy) who shows interest.
We would later stop at a cafe, drink the rest of the night away and pay our tab with some of the first Euro's to be dispensed from an ATM in Europe!
Finally his mother brought out a bouquet of photos she had made of the seven descendants: my brother and I, his two sons, my one son, and mom’s two great-grandchildren. She said something about how each of mom’s seven descendants had blessed her life and she thanked her. It was a perfect thing to say.
- Here some money. We go fax yer car. Then you drive me a couple places.
Instead of Milky Ways, why doesn’t he order Reese's Peanut Butter Cups. They at least have protein in them.
If all goes according to plan, you should be reading this while I'm halfway through my week in Corfu :)
The image is colored with Copic markers after stamping with Versafine Onyx Black Ink on Copic X-Press It white cardstock and clear heat embossing. It is then cut out ond matted on black & red cardstock. This is then popped up with Scotch dimensional foam tape on tan cardstock. The edges of the tan cardstock are distressed with Frayed Burlap and Scattered Straw Tim Holtz Distress ink. Black and red cardstock are matted behind the tan. Black and clear glitter gel pens are used on the man's suit buttons and the red in the letters for a bit of bling. Unfortunately the sparkle doesn't show up well in the picture.
This recipe falls in the quick and easy category. Cheesy broccoli bites!
Per serving: 353 calories; 9 g protein; 17 g fat; 48 g carbs; 13 g fiber.
About the only obvious sources for “three days” in the OT seem to be Jonah 2:1 and Hosea 6:2, and both are rather tenuous. (France)
The third trimester is literally hell and anyone who ever says otherwise should be punched in the face. But at least in the end of it, you get a beautiful baby (two in my case!) to love and lots of wonderful drugs to help you forget just how miserable the whole experience has been. That's what I'm holding on to, anyways. The idea of two beautiful babies, not the drugs........okay, maybe the drugs too. :)
The back side background is pink and the letters are backwards in grey. It has a flat and smooth surface. The necklace is very shiny, and eye catching.
Imagine the howls of fury they would have provoked from amongst the ranks of the bearded and perpetually offended had the advert featured an Asian woman and a white male convert to Islam?. Now that would be brave and provocative, it would also be educational.
Have you ever been in a situation like this?
t of about 120 per second. That’s actually quite normal, according to my friend, but it was clear that they were not feeling very brave.Luckily, the horrible adventure (to them) took a turn for the best, when one of us opened the food bag. Still a bit uneasy, but drawn to the odors of nourishment, the kittens slowly emerged. This will not be the last time that we meet, so there is still a lot of time. There will be fears and uneasiness, each visit again, until they will await the sound of the key in the door lock, knowing that their friends will have returned.
So these kind of don’t look amazing now because everyone ate them up! But there they are! Next time I think I am going to go for homemade brownies and icing! And I might even go as far as home ice cream on the side!
I try to use wallpaper as much as possible in a larger home because I feel that you need to add the color, pattern and texture to keep it interesting. The wallpaper I used in the powder bath is from Hinson & Company a Deborah Danser Design “Edo Pines” and it looks fantastic. The colors are taupe and cream with a pewter background.
35. Showing me things you know I will love.
If your blog is about politics in Sweden, it's quite unlikely that you need to make a version in French or Chinese: most of your audience will definitely be Swedish. But if your blog is dedicated to Katanas, the traditional Japanese swords, you can easily assume that your audience will be much more international, therefore a multilingual version of your blog would be a good choice.
“Young people are literally dying to feel seen and respected for who they are. What’s it going to take for us to create a world where people can just be free to be themselves? For schools, the answer is a long-term commitment and plan by the entire school community for safety and inclusion,” says Soul Shoppe Director Vicki Abadesco.
9:02 PM – The Viper appears on the Tron, and he has a surprise for Kane. Randy has Paul Bearer tied up backstage, and attempts to provoke Kane by putting Paul in harm’s way. Why do you suppose poor Paul always end up tied up in a wheelchair and abused by Kane’s opponents? You would think Paul would have changed his address, or gone into witness protection, or something by now. Kane, however, is not moved enough to help his father because he is a monster. So Randal resorts to Plan B and instead goes after Kane with a lead pipe. Kane retreats through the crowd.
Nevertheless, an amble through the auburn paths is certainly a welcome break from ordinary ‘mazeless’ life, and the array of shops inhabiting the Piggly Wiggly Country Village should keep you busy when you’re done playing in the corn fields.
I had therapy yesterday. Becky (DBT Centers of Michigan) and I talked about my recent fall into depression (The Irrationality of Depression). We talked about how even though I did find myself in that place where I do not care and believe that nothing matters, the situation still showed my progress. I did try to use my skills (just a little too late), I was aware that it wouldnt last forever and that there were things that I could do, but like I said before, I didnt want to. I asked what I could do in that situation. She said she thinks what I did was good, but just to try and add a little more awareness and some acceptance of the situation. Be aware that ok, Im feeling willful right now, thats not going to change and just experience it. I may have eaten more than I wanted or needed to, but I didnt self harm, I didnt act on my suicidal thoughts. So for that aspect, recognize Im not happy with the situation but I did show some restraint (I didnt eat as much as I would have in the past either). Sometimes its better to “mess up” in a more controlled manner than just giving into impulsivity and acting on more dangerous urges, does that make sense?
5) XD clothing rack
Spot price in tandem with the futures market trend and on limited supply shot up by Rs 600 to close at Rs 27,000 (ungarbled) and Rs 28,000 (MG 1) a quintal.
** what I have learned this week about schizophrenia - alot - way too much to write about, but a very important thing is that schizophrenia often involves anosognosia which is a long scary word (doesn't it just look like a word you don't want to get to know, like the word chocolate, that one has always been trouble for me, too) for a person's inability to recognize or understand the nature of his illness, like with alzheimer's disease - it's not about denial - so interventions don't work, normal reasoning doesn't work and this little twist called "lack of insight" is like having the Himalayas between David and wellness.
"It's time to rethink that," the longtime newsman said Sunday in an appearance on NBC's "Meet the Press."
Many think of poetry as being uniformly introspective--about sensations and feelings. But some poetry has a far larger agenda. Activist poetry seeks to give voice to the voiceless, to paint a picture that stirs you to action.
So if you would like to satisfy someone, stop thinking that quantifiable service and work done for the person should cause their satisfaction. It will not. Only love gives satisfaction.
Like I mentioned, I came into this retreat with not very much prior experience with Buddhism in particular, though I had a working knowledge of what it was about. I had always thought of myself as a spiritual person–while I’ve never found myself prescribing fully to an organized religious practice, I look for ways to become closer in touch with a deeper sense of self and world. But when I started learning more about the practice of Thich, which focuses on mindfulness rather than Buddhism, and is based around becoming more in tune with the wonderful fact that you are indeed alive, it all just made intuitive sense. Unfortunately, in our postmodern-posthumanism-post-whatever-else lives, I think the realization that we are truly experiencing the greatest miracle ever conceived–which is life, which is being–is often forgotten about. What I mean by that is I think when we spread ourselves out over so many people, things, technologies, and crunch our time up into little blocks of productivity and relaxation–which exist in a constant reciprocal battle such that while experiencing one state, we’re often thinking about the time we could be spending doing the other thing–we forget to be truly present in the moment. To realize that there is no past, there is no future, there is only one continuum of sensorial perception and experience, which is called the present. This is the moment we need to inhabit, this moment, so that the richness and luster of what we have ebbing and bubbling inside of us, and the wonder of the world swirling around us in gentle currents and cycles of life is realized for what it is. But I should really stop here, because if I start really getting into this, I’ll never finish this blog post. If you’re interested in this kind of thing, Thich can explain it much better (with concision and simplicity to boot!) than I. But I think on a broad level what I took spiritually from the weekend was what I’ve been seeking: learning to walk amidst the world with a deeper wonder, to recover reverence for our moment.
Why do we burden ourselves with the notion that in order to be fit, healthy and happy. We have to give an outward appearance oozing of sweat soaked sexuality?
When you crave certain foods, your body, more often than not, has its signals mixed up! Your body can crave certain foods ‘to make it (the body) feel better’ even when not needed; for example, if you are tired or sad, according to the article, you will have low blood sugar/or low serotonin (you should know what serotonin is now!) hence the tendency to crave chocolate, sweets or carbohydrate based foods to ‘make us feel better’.
Enough words, have a seat on my porch swing and get ready to come inside...
CONFESSION
But everyone has to move on, and by the time I reached high school by way of middle school, I already had mixed feelings about school itself. I went to a completely different middle school compared to my friends at primary school. Mostly, due to my parents' emphasis on practicality. Why send your child to a school miles away, when the nearest one will do?
The HEA Seminar Series themes are: assessment and feedback; retention and success; internationalisation
My religion compels me, and I love it for it, to be against discrimination of any kind in our country. And I consider this a form of discrimination. I think it is unconstitutional on top of that. So, I think that yesterday was a great day for America because the President in a very personal, as well as presidential way, made history.
HE WAS THE PERFECT SIZE FOR HUGGING.
Back when we lived in Rochester, there was a pizza and sub place right around the corner. They had steak subs and Italian sausage subs with a real link of Italian sausage. Not those little bullet things that get put on the pizza like most shops back there used. He called them and asked them to stick an Italian sausage on his steak sub to make his combo sandwich. They refused to do it, because they couldn't figure out how to price it. I never would order from that place again. You might have noticed, but I don't suffer fools or idiots very well.
And there is extra magical energy available for everyone and anyone who chooses to tap into this wellspring of miracles will see their dreams come true. This is such an abundant Universe, truly believe there is enough for everyone and there is. All of you have seen magic happen, believe that you deserve it for yourself as well.
The Complete Rewrite.
What kind of a bird is that?
Another shocking bit of intel: I noted before that the lawsuit Don Shipley filed against Bill Wood/Brockbrader/Brock Williams was a CIA ruse…but more: these two have a long history as SEAL Team comrades and lovers a la Spartan warrior…and moreso, they are double agents for the Mossad: they are evil-walking Luciferian Zionists!
2011-10-31 10:06
In the debate on the 1968 Race Relations Bill Ronald Bell (c)(later knighted) argued that the bill was “very deep and damaging encroachments into the proper sphere of persons decisions.” (Hansard, 23/3/1968). In a speech “This Sceptred Isle” to W.I.S.E. at the National Liberal Club in 1981. We are well on the road back to “presentment of Englishry”, when in the days after the Norman Conquest that it was a defence to show that the injured person was only an Englishman.”
8. Don't Make Me Over
To which I can completely relate.
Hubs, we miss you hurry home from "youtube" xoxo.
Winner: Jim Parsons, Big Bang Theory
All of the activities helped the class to remember the story and think deeper about the actions and feelings of all the characters.
“Molinari (ferry), two whistles?”
The Gamer-- This person treats gaming like a hobby. They carve out time for it like others might carve out time to watch tv or play tennis. (And the game is typically a first person shooter or an RGP (or even an MMORPG). (And if you don't know what this means, then I'd venture to say that you are NOT a gamer.)) Those virtual pats on the back are just part of the complete package.
Well, this is a long overdue post. If you haven't noticed, I go through spurts of blogging regularly and then I lose my momentum and get distracted by that thing called LIFE :)
Cardinal Brady had the 14-year-old boy sign an oath of secrecy – a measure that the church insists was designed to protect the boy, not the church.
But why do the Sevateem call the Doctor the Evil One? And what are the invisible creatures in the jungle? The Time Lord, with the help of a girl called Leela, is about to find out.
This was my second trip into DFC. My last trip was over a year ago when I went in with the Knights of the Cataclysm to finish off “Training is a Shield.” As noted a few posts back, Nomu still carries the shiny brass shield with him.
it came with everything. all the gadgets and extras.
I saw the fashion cleaning gloves and thought hubbie would get a kick out of me wearing them when I clean.
The leader of the Chinese Revolution launched his ‘Great Leap Forward’ campaign in 1958.
The premise is simple, there's a gatorman legend in the swamps of Louisiana. Six young people (who in some ways actually turn out to be kind of well acted and sympathetic - shockingly) on a roadtrip to NOLA, stop at spooky coon-ass gas station, oh look Sid Haig is creepy, titties! gore! titties!, camping=death!, swamp people=death!, who will survive and what will be left of them? It's not rocket surgery but the effects were good, the acting was much better than average - Wayne Pere and David Jensen were particularly awesome, Lauren Schneider and Serinda Swan were particularly attractive (and convincing characters), and the twist wasn't bad in the least. The climax of the movie kind of made me go, "Meeeeeeh." but it wasn't a deal breaker. Production value was far superior to a majority of the straight-to-video congealed discharge I've watched a few minutes of - Creature looked like a real movie.
If you love a fine cup of coffee, you want to make sure you get yourself a commercial coffee maker. These are an ideal addition to your kitchen and would give you a great cup almost instantly. The Gurgles, Burbles and whooshing noises make the experience of making that perfect cup all the more enjoyable. Not to mention the great ensnaring aroma which is enough to entice people straight of the street into your home or restaurant. Many people are now buying commercial coffee makers for their homes because you can buy them at very affordable rates. No longer would you find these only in bistros and coffee shops. You can buy a wide range of these products online. They are available in a variety of styles and designs. The best part is that you will surely find some store online that is selling these at a discount. There are number of stores which sell these products at a rate that is marginally above the wholesale price.
Huge Asshat comes to Tucson for the holidays, and he and Girl decide to give the marriage a whirl again, and also, decide to partake in married activities.
So many people….. Not all of them crying…
Last weekend, I was absolutely fucking determined that THIS CAKE WOULD NOT BEAT ME and I added my six eggs, the sugar, the ground almonds.....microwaved the 3 lemons (fed up with the boiling which takes aaaaages).... and put the whole lot back into the FIRST cake tin..... but THIS time I forgot to add the greaseproof paper base.
But for the ones who do take me for me, with no conditions, no judgement
my canvas
MLK (rolling his eyes): And a Kansas woman. Yes, yes, Barack, I know. I KNOW about your BACKGROUND. But what in the name of the LORD does that have to do with the POVERTY of BLACK PEOPLE in AMERica?
some more pics and then moves on
Happy studying!
I’m now back swimming four or five times a week. Already, my body tone has improved which makes me feel better about myself and I know I’m preparing myself, physically and mentally, for what’s to come. Exercise has helped the endorphin levels - perhaps it’s psychosomatic, but I feel as if I’m coping with the pain better - I’ve certainly stopped going to bed in the afternoons to shut down from it.
UPDATE: I am going! Yeah!
Let me state that I support Romney – I support Romney not just because he is going to get the nomination and I really really hate our current President but because I really like Romney and think he has potential to be a great President. So what is with all these other women – who are an extremely large voting block.
18. What is your favorite season? I enjoy each one for what if offers, but if had to choose, I’d say summer, because I get 2 months off.
i don't know. i'm leaving too many things undone lately.
That is Mr. Creative in the middle singing! We told our friend singing next to him that if he keeps letting his hair and beard grow, he is going to be a ZZ Top impersonator! Regardless of looks, those are a great group of guys! Thanks for the fun!!
Zombie fans are going to be greatly disappointed. Ninja fans are going to be even more disappointed. Horror movie fans are going to be asleep before they're even 20 minutes in. Kung-fu fans with find the jumping and repetitive punches and blockings severely unnecessary. So who was this made for, then?
Remove the mixture from the stove, and place into a large bowl and let cool. In the meantime, chop up the chicken thighs into fine pieces. Place the chicken into the bowl with the rest of the ingredients, and now add in the shredded cheese.
I'm pretty sure I've regaled you guys with tales of how hard it is to wake him up in the morning. For sure, I know I've shared with you the stories of how hard it is to have a kid who suffers from depression. I've told you what it was like when he tried to kill himself at the ripe old age of 13.
There are, however, some risks. What are the risks and rewards for the expats? The locals? Obviously, the local may be a spy for the ruling elite. It happens, and it's very difficult to prevent. So, there must be some boundaries. The local lawyer, and his or her family, can also be at risk, professionally and personally. The relationship with the expat lawyer brings the local lawyer some significant benefits: income, networking, training, opportunity. But, if the reform fails, the local lawyer may well have sacrificed his future. So, he must also set boundaries, to assure that the voices of the expat and the local are distinct. The expat has the protective umbrella of his home country and a return ticket out of the host country.
by John Pursch
I have found many people end up in the wrong place only because they stayed in the right place too long. They were in the right place in the beginning, but the right place becomes the wrong place if the job changes or if the person changes. So the right place can become the wrong place over a matter of time.
In reality, the 10:1 figure, as useful as it is in soundbite form, should be analyzed by the individual in order that growers, in particular, don't start making uneconomic crop planning decisions. After all, growing food beyond basic sustenance is a business like most others and is subject to all sorts of economic forces like supply and demand. In addition, it is subject to natural conditions like climate and soil. There may be a large demand for pineapples on Salt Spring but there is no economical way to grow them here.
We are down to the final four ~ Adam Lambert, Allison Iraheta, Kris Allen & Danny Gokey. These are four very talented young people. They have also had some pretty amazing mentors on this year. Last night they highlighted Slash who helped these four young people tune into classic rock.
Black universe is the primal medium of love. Or, black universe is the color (of) the universal continuum, the differential unity of the All whose most obvious actual inexorable expression is gravity, the occult bond of individual bodies whose unitary movement confounds the separateness of forces: “Pondus meum, amor meus; eo feror,
Life Path 4 Compatibility
Hitchcock puts a little verve into moments like that whenever he can, because he doesn't have a whole lot to work with here. Once the trial is over and Sir John begins his investigation, the film is dominated by a series of stagey dialogues with witnesses and suspects, and there's not much Hitchcock can do to make these lifelessly written scenes pop. There are hints, here and there, of a buried homosexual subtext that was more explicit in the Clemence Dane novel the film is based on, but here it's mostly replaced by an undercooked racial theme. The film's theater milieu is full of crossdressing actors, and gradually the investigation begins to focus on the trapeze artist Handel Fane (Esme Percy), who dresses up as a glamorous woman and flies through the air, wowing the crowds with his grace. Fane's feminine artistry plays into the shocking circus climax, which Hitchcock stages by putting the focus on the horrified reactions of the crowd, just as he had during the opening scenes.
Now that reminds me … must get that bloody sash window in the front room repaired, as the urge to 'bellow like a Beale' (as I reflect on Britain in Jubilee year) is becoming harder and harder to resist!
What I came to acknowledge lately is that time is yours to manage. Yes, there is a lot of paperwork and planning and preparation and emotional exhaustion and inflexibility involved in teaching. You need to invest a lot to be a solid teacher – it’s almost like living in a bubble. But when I choose to do work and when I choose to put it all away and simply allow myself to breathe is up to me. I still have control over it all.
In the dark land of the sun. (bitch...)
Come back tomorrow so we can show you how we had fun over the break with our pittie in New York City!
The BBQ Chicken- I mixed Tandoori paste with tomato sauce and barbeque sauce recipe just playing around, and it had this really great flavor! We will be having this again.
"This gives lie to his explanation that he did not know that the Table Bay Hotel was expensive and appeared to cement a view that he has a cavalier attitude towards taxpayers' money," Cope first deputy president Mbhazima Shilowa was quoted as saying.
While my sushi p-i-c and I have new frontiers to explore, I would definitely return to Kyoto.
Of course, a challenge is only as inspiring as it's designers and the
So feelings and emotions in an image, so often discarded yet so essential!
VDQS, or Vin Délimité de Qualité Supérieure is like a cadet form of Appellation contrôlée, there are very few left and 2011 is the last year of their existence with the remaining few VDQS areas either achieving AC status or slipping down to Vin de Pays. However to get full AC status I understand the area must be planted with a minimum of 60 hectares and currently Moselle is only about 40 hectares.
In any case, there’s a lot of conversation fodder in Brave New World, and it’s a relatively quick read; if you never picked it up for school, I highly recommend taking the time now. Were I to look forward and envision a futuristic society based on 2011, there are elements of Brave New World I think are eerily spot-on, while others seem (hopefully) unlikely. But when the robot dogs come round my apartment to arrest me for owning books (Fahrenheit 451, kids) I’ll be glad I got this one under my belt first.
( yes that irony was intended)
The suspected hijacker directed the car onto the Potchefstroom to Carletonville road. When they were about 20 kilometres away from Potchefstroom the hijacker ordered the man to stop and then shot him in the head.
The Gaddafi regime in Libya has been sponsoring international terrorism for years, with the full knowledge and backing of the CIA and M16… (click here for additional info). The Libyan regime also played a vital role in delivering South Africa into the hands of Marxist-Communist terrorists.
1466 D-V/4(A)/2003. “The Remarkable Practicality of the Emancipation Proclamation.” Basic Program Weekend Conference, The University of Chicago, Illinois Beach Resort, Zion, Illinois.
Sounds great- right? But how do you get all your employees to feel this way? You have to build a Culture that engages employees to be excited about their jobs, work together as a team to achieve results, and positively hold each other accountable.
Racing against time and hunted by rogue soldiers, mad scientists and an organisation that operates beyond the law, Ryan digs deep into his past for a chance at a future.
their wide and staring eyes. Richard Eyer had a very special place in my
what have i been doing? packing orders for daniel, painting, and stressing about my daughters birthday next weekend. have i organised the party yet? no...im a bad lady. this painting above is called
As soon as that was done Jon and David continued on with project siding. The plan was to get the gable end finished as fast as possible so that we could move back onto finishing the back of the house and finally get sealed (after 18 months of open living!!). Jon actually took an entire week of work to dedicate to getting a few key things done so we could push this project ahead as fast as possible.
volleyball
Mom and Dad decided it was time to clean up the Flying Cloud.
Still, shrouded like a gem in a rock face.
All businesses go through growing pains, and I’m SO grateful to be buried in work rather than hunting for it, I really can’t complain. But my joints are achy, my bones hurt, and my muscles feel like they’re in constant spasm. I usually have had at least one massage by this point in the week: my absolute major luxury. I run, I rock-climb, I take kickboxing classes, for sanity as well as staying in shape. I haven’t exercised in two and a half days and I’m going a little nuts…and because of how much I try to exercise I end up in the very capable hands of my massage therapist usually at least twice a week. Due to, I think, my body just being run down and temperature extremes between my writing cave–in the high 40s and low 50s–and outside–in the 60s and 70s–I am starting to run a low fever…and trying to keep it low. At the same time, I’m writing this post, keeping up on work for my major client as well as a new client, and thinking about what I’m going into tomorrow for my “regular” job.
The nurse comes in, "I want an epidural. NOW." She said, "You really want one, like for real?" I said, "Yes. Please make them hurry." My midwife says, "I think that's a good idea. Once you get it, you are going to go so fast, you'll be ready to push in no time. I hate to encourage something you didn't want, but once your body relaxes you will open." I could see the disappointment on Davey's face. I kept apologizing to him, and he kept telling me not to be sorry, that it was okay.
We could just as well have been incinerated as walking around right now. When we pick up my daughter, she is still running around, laughing with absolute joy and innocence and for a moment I wonder if anything has happened at all. Watching her temporarily obscures the horror in my mind, the unthinkable remains unthinkable and my mind moves with my daughter’s movements.
I intended on working on these last year.
So I dragged out all of my jewellery making supplies, and made myself a new necklace (and a huge mess).
I didn't get diaper cream. I said I got diaper wipes, and the reason is because I use them to clean EVERYTHING! I wash my laminate flooring with wipes, I do quickie bathroom clean-ups on the sink and floor with wipes. When I pull up to the grocery store and go to take Brooklyn out of her car seat and I realize she still has lunch on her face, I whip out a wipe and clean off her mouth. I use them to scrub dirty footprints off the wall, and dust off the hood of my oven. I could on and on and on. Suffice it to say, I use them to clean everything.
So if you have a very heavy period, try nettle. It is high in iron and calcium (and vitamin D and lots of other things). You will be surprised how it helps with your bleeding and makes it easier to use a diva cup and cotton pads.
Grumbling and glaring at me, she hobbled back up the steps, while I gingerly tried to back out and up the squirming wormy road in my still new car.
- in discussion at the disc golf tournament in Oregon
This is not all, though. I was just reminded last night, in fact (funny that this topic should come up today), that we have the Fighting Couple next door -- a different apartment building from ours, but their apartment walls are just next to our bedroom. It seems about once every two months they have a huge blow-out and there are lots of shouts of "putain" this and "salope" that which we can obviously hear. There is often a lot of banging of objects and weeping from the female. Last night, their shouts drew attention from people walking in the streets, and some other neighbors who were hanging their heads out the windows to try to listen like I was (lol -- it was quite a ruckus). A couple of months before, at about 2 am, one of the people threw dozens of files and documents out of the window, and off they blew in the chill wind. It looked like bank statements and so on. That fight was a doozy, too.
For those of you with daughter experience, feel free to share your wisdom with me. :) (After you read the new House of Fifty, of course.)
Pattinson and Brewer has a proud heritage of winning compensation for claimants since 1891. Since our foundation we have been a constant partner for trade unions in their battles to improve safety conditions for workers. We have connections going back to the Taff Vale case in 1901 (which was a central cause in the establishment of the UK Labour Party) and to the formation of the TGWU (now Unite) in 1921.
In this famous publicity photo from A Star is Born, Barbra is wearing a gown she designed herself, by draping her silver and black shawls together.
a technicolor faun cavorting in my den until
While He was here on earth He was always reaching out his hand to give a benediction to some life that sorely needed it.
This is where I usually include most of the protein. Reason being
It plays no favorites… is completely black and white…and easy to understand…
How’s that Fenway grass feel under your cleats Carl?
Far off a few lights appeared.
The other concern is what we help them to believe about themselves. This is a biggie!
Time to go to bed, dogs. Yes, Gussie, to your bed. He looks at me, big eyes sadly stare at me, eye brows lift, who me? No, you don’t mean me? The ears droop as low as they can possibly go. He slides off the bed, plods slowly out the bedroom door. He even sighs. The Empress, disturbed my Gussie’s histrionics, rolls onto her back and languidly waves her paw bye, bye for she gets to stay and sleep on our bed. I swear she has a smirk on her face.
Many of us that have been in a leadership position or are in one have at one time or another lost the awe of leading..
February: Charles Dickens
~sewing a pointy kitty then deciding it's not nice enough to give. I mean, it's ok, but it just doesn't scream 9 mth old baby, especially with those button eyes which I had to add so it didn't look so strange. And to be honest, besides baking, I'm not all that confident giving handmade gifts to Yen's family. We're just not *that* close. Instead, I will make a couple more in fun colours and give the whole family of them to my 5 year old niece. She's the one I saved the pattern for, I just thought it might work for the baby too....
-NSF-
Fact: I am a Black American.
Soon enough, the position turned in to full-time. The increase in pay went from $750/month for 30 hours/wk, to $1100/month for 47.5 hours/wk. Yes, my money went up, but in reality, my pay went down to $5.80/hour!!!!! Now I was working well below minimum wage for MORE than full-time work. If I'm being totally honest, I didn't even compute this until a couple months in, because the money didn't bother me that much. But then I noticed my list of duties increased: driving the children to/from school (I am not being reimbursed for gas, but am expected to bring the little one on various outings throughout the week), household chores (I fold the entire family's laundry and do not get so much as a 'thanks'), the kitchen is a sty when I show up in the morning and if I didn't clean it I would have trouble preparing the child's food throughout the day. It's just gross. There are other little things that I'm dealing with on a daily basis, but I don't want this to get longer than it is. Strike #345678910...
Please pop over and join in the fun and enter for a chance to win the fantastic prize that's up for grabs from the lovely Mel and her Mum from Crimson Cloud
Oh and some fun new clothes - check out how she put 2 pairs of shorts on! (Thanks Grandma & Grandpa!)
In Violet's life, there are too many losses.
I loved the previous book in the series. Because of my somewhat ... irritated disposition, I am not known to like books as much as I did with the previous one in the series. And this book was no exception - it took me forever to finish, but is hardly because it is a bad book. No, it is because I was trying to procure a life on eBay. (This was on a friends recommendation. It turned out that she was trying to scam me for money.) And do other, variously dull, school related things. And before I become distracted once again, I must convey an urgent message to you. And that message is that this book is awesome and you must all read it. Your life depends on it. (I tell you no lies, it contains crucial information about your survival of the imminent alien invasion.)
However, I felt let down by the characters.
Only substitutions I see for this build is if you want a little less power in one side, take from the other. You want sizzle? Take away from the Holy Power Branch to put into Tempest. Want cheaper heals? Gotta take away from Nature's Fury. If you want something like, extra health, better off taking from both and swap out Staff Mastery and one Sagacious for it.
Shouldn’t we just focus on doing the right thing? Healthcare delivered by healthcare professionals, supported by the police where this involves risk, in an environment suitable to the person’s immediate needs?
For a couple of years our board would conduct quarterly forums. The forums were basically open meetings where the board of directors would update the community on various issues and answer questions presented by homeowners. They were usually well attended and folks seemed to find the information informative and appreciated the openness of our board of directors.
My grandfather Paco on the other hand was alot more reserved than my Uncle Manuel. He never really wanted to know where the boxes "fell" from, but gladly took anything my Uncle offered him nevertheless. I guess they were just the "SAP" versions of "Oscar and Felix", and somehow managed to get along quite well as
Salmon
The account of Left/Right attitudes that I have given suggests why this is so. For a start, the assumption that Fascists or Nazis are Right-wing is false. Hitler himself energetically claimed to be a socialist and Mussolini (the founder of Fascism) was a prominent Marxist. I have already summarized the evidence for that at great length so will elaborate it no further at this point.
In retrospect, It's not too difficult to imagine how great this film could have been if they were actually a married couple like in some 70's TV sitcom named something like "Choking With The Cleavers!"
I'm concerned it's too early to TTC again, but I'm jumping in anyway. Whether we get pregnant or not is still in God's hands...we are just helping with science. I'd probably be this nervous no matter when we started TTC again anyway. I'm mainly just concerned about having to split attention with R.
He will be sentenced next week, and the only options are life in prison, or the death penalty.
maker of heaven and earth.
Anyways the concert is crazy! The Argentines really get into it. It was way too intense for me.(actually I felt like a bit of a failure because usually I manage to get up front, in fact there have been times when my sister and I were given passes to go into the designated headzone), so I had to leave the throngs of the crowd. Well of course you can guess who followed me. El Rafa.
Am I asking too much? So often I am told I need to stop with such lofty ideas and just knuckle down. Get a real job. Sacrifice a few years...make some money. Get some security. Climb the career ladder. Really? Is that the only way? Even in the 21st century?
mind when alone was defeated,
Project KOIのために写真を掲載するのは久しぶりです。Project KOIとは、KOIクマンのギャラリーで販売されている家具の写真のことで、撮影に携わっています。6月上旬に休暇に出る前にこれらの家具の写真を撮影しました。今までこの写真を掲載する時間が無かったのですが、もう9月も終わりなんですね。もっと計画性とやる気が欲しいです。
Under the plan, a single figure would be elected by Euro-MPs to perform both roles.
It's not quite finished yet, but we do have a functioning kitchen put together mostly with stuff we already had but it all looks new because it’s in a different combination, there’s room to add more storage if we need it but right now we’re enjoying all the lovely spaces between lumps of furniture.
But more than that, I've truly learned to rest in the knowledge that I've seen Him work all things for good time and again.
It inhabits the abode of a sorceress,
Status and Submission Common. Breeding: in various environments in lowlands and foothills with nearby open areas and water. Former natural nesting places, such as caverns and cliff people, have now mostly been empty in favor of a variety of man-made components, such as barns. A cup-shaped bowl created entirely of mud and the bird’s saliva; 3–7 eggs (May–June). Migration: in spring, arrives in extreme lower Usa States. overdue January–early March, peaking in mid-May in east Usa States. Beginning arrival in Ak in mid-May. Leaves east Usa States. around mid-July, peaking overdue August–early October. Main tracks through Middle The u. s. declares and through Caribbean, but also a trans-Gulf migrant. Winter: often in job areas and wetlands mainly in lowlands; seldom in lower Usa States. Uncommon from South america southern region through Middle The u. s. declares. Most typical throughout Southern The u. s. declares as far as core Chile and southern region Argentina; reproduction noted in Buenos Aires. Vagrant: Southern American subspecies recreational or random in american and southern region Ak, and Hawaii, lower Greenland, Tierra del Fuego, Falkland Islands. Eurasian subspecies (rustica) recreational in american Ak, North west Areas, Nunavut, and lower Labrador retriever. Eastern Oriental subspecies (gutturalis) recreational in american Ak and random in British The philipines.
"To write something, you have to risk making a fool of yourself."
“I’m proud of me and I am who I am. I know that I’m Marmite and I wouldn’t want to be anything less or anything more, I’m just myself,” Tulisa said. “This is an award that will stay on the mantelpiece probably for the rest of my life.”
1 teaspoon fresh thyme leaves, minced
Honestly, I thought that would be good enough, but having watched the news out of Tunisia and Egypt (not to mention Algeria), I'm getting a bit nervous that if I don't keep active in some way, I may be ousted from my own blog by popular protests.
In one corner the new, modestly sized keg filler; next to it, three tanks full of an Auchentoshan-cask aged 12% version of Fraoch heather ale. Scott fills a jug from the tank and we all get a taste. It’s lovely, the whisky not overpowering but nicely aromatic, backed with a marvellously fresh fruitiness which slowly gives way to the familiar dry woodiness of heather. If all whisky-aged beers were done this well, I wouldn’t get the foreboding that overcomes me every time I encounter one.
What's the difference between roast beef and pea soup?
Publisher: Zonderkidz; Special edition (March 6, 2012)
… the Old School Renaissance is not about playing a particular set of rules in a particular way, the dungeon crawl. It about going back to the roots of our hobby and see what we could do differently. What avenues were not explored because of the commercial and personal interests of the game designers of the time.
Wow, look at that thrill in that
Bachmann: My campaign chair is an idiot
The deli, part of a shopping mall with the address 368, S. Main Street, makes a 20 minutes walk from Orange Metrolink station. From there the trains take you to Los Angeles Union Station in just about 45 minutes. Make sure to get on the last train, though; it departs already at 5.30 pm. (Downtown LA may not be your favourite spot very late, anyway.)
Sassy, strange, and sexy - count me in!! - Jessica
And look: in the top left of “Earth”, the holy family, with the virgin mother, goes trundling over a bridge.
Anyhoo…
If you think you know what feminists think, and you're just delighted with yourself for screwing with us ("Squee! The feminists will hate this!"), then fine. I officially no longer give a crap about your legal or social equality. Kthxbye.
Beat with a hand mixer until smooth. Spoon into a baggie with one corner snipped off and squeeze onto sweet rolls. If you put them on immediately, they will melt a bit, but you may not want to wait before digging in!
Take the chance to fill out your Eddie Campbell library!
Ogawa and his son rely on the incomes of his wife and daughter, a social role reversal that is spreading in Japan as factories and building companies fire workers and services that hire mostly women add employees. The increasing burden as breadwinners also gives women less incentive to marry and have children early in a country that already has the fastest-aging population in the developed world.
I couldn't be more thrilled for them! :)
I was interested in reading this book because my favorite genre is medical thrillers dealing with plagues and toxins. So the premise intrigued me. The toxin/plague ended up being more a background in the book rather than the main storyline. I was turned off by a lot of swearing and sexual language in the book, but the story was interesting enough for me to keep reading. Two mercenaries are thrown together reluctantly to try to find who is behind this plague killing children in Cuba and to find a cure. It was interesting getting a look into the characters and their thoughts and feelings in spite of them being criminals. Seeing them as human and not just killers, finding out their soft spots.
A Mr Olusola Adebusuyi tweeted me the other day asking me about what my favourite beers were, first the top three, then after I protested that was impossible, the top ten. I didn't respond at the time, because I couldn't properly formulate an answer, and a few days later, I still can't get close to starting a list.
“It seemed the obvious choice, the most apparent thing to do with the magic. But it also seemed to me that Eric was expecting me to magically get him out of a situation that he should defeat by his own efforts. He should love me enough to simply refuse Freyda. It was like he wanted the decision out of his hands.”
Who is on the education task force of ALEC? The members of the task force as of July 2011 are here. Several members represent for-profit online companies, including the co-chair from Connections Academy; many members come from for-profit higher education corporations. There is someone from Jeb Bush’s foundation, as well as right-wing think tank people. There are charter school representatives, as well as Scantron. And the task force includes a long list of state legislators, from Alaska, Arizona, Arkansas, Colorado, Connecticut, Florida, Georgia, Idaho, Illinois, Indiana, Iowa, Kansas, Kentucky, Louisiana, Maine, Maryland, Minnesota, Mississippi, Missouri, Montana, Nebraska, New Hampshire, New Mexico, North Carolina, North Dakota, Ohio, Oklahoma, Pennsylvania, South Carolina, Tennessee, Texas, Utah, Virginia, Washington, West Virginia, Wisconsin, and Wyoming.
on contributing $267 million into its U.S. pension plans in 2012.
I couldn't figure it out. Why in the world did my husband buy mail order twigs?
Yet the fear of vanishing kept men on their toes at night as they passed through the neighborhood, keeping in the light as they stumbled down South Street.
Kenny West (REP) 1.76% 313
Having separate lines for men and women, at a railway reservation, can be a “special provision”. Usually women queues are shorter and so they can be at an advantage. Having a train compartment, specially reserved in the local commuter trains in Mumbai is a good example of “special provision.” Giving preference to women in under-represented areas of educational fields can also be a positive discrimination that helps the society.
According to Lee, the Marine grabbed for the gun when Skinner looked away and a struggle for the weapon followed.
When we did escape the flat, we had dinner and then my friend introduced us to Foundation Bar in Covent Garden. The interior is amazing and they have cocktails served in teapots with accompanying biscuits. For someone who adores tea, this was the PERFECT place for cocktails.
(Recipe from Gale Taylor, Merrimack)
So, here is my birthday message to my son as I posted on Facebook (he didn’t see it though as he has blocked and deleted his entire family):
“Oh!” he says in surprise. “Yes, I’ve just found 2p!”
March 28: Podcast with Mark Lipinski on Creative Mojo. I will be Mark's co-host for the entire 2 hour podcast which airs live from 3-5pm EST (and which will be archived for listening anytime). We will talk all about The Pulse of Mixed Media and be joined by contributors Michelle Ward, Angela Cartwright, Pam Carriker, Julie Prichard, and Lisa Hoffman. Get your questions ready as this radio show has a live call-in feature!
The use of such a term can be seen as a linguistic misdirection by these psychiatrists, allowing them to conceal their belief that ME/CFS is not a physical disease but an aberrant state of mind maintained by psychological and behavioural factors (ie. the psychosocial components of “biopsychosocial”). The only “bio” in their “biopsychosocial model” is their reluctant concession that ME/CFS is sometimes preceded by a self-limiting viral infection (and, despite the overwhelming international evidence to the contrary, they insist it is maintained by psychosocial elements that do not result from any organic pathology).
Then, thinly slice zucchini into “noodles.” You’ll want 12 noodles in total.
Life is short. When you’re done, you’re done. We’re on this Earth to have some fun. –Naveen (Princess and the Frog)
The breezeway itself was actually worse, with students running en masse for the few exits. Periodic screams pierced the din of rapidly conversing voices and pounding feet. As I looked to my left a surge of slipping, sliding, soaked humanity made its way across the school,
The very top of the range TVs are in a different league. They contain a lot of features that the lower range models don’t. They also contain a lot of new technology, things that aren’t standard production technology yet, which may not be part of standard TV equipment for years. A big Sony LED/LCD TV, for example, has a range of features you just won’t see on the lower ranges.
A country girl myself (yes, the small town I'm from only had one grocery store, and plenty of cows and horses around), I love how Tracy has taken country style from kitschy to absolutely chic, blending modern and contemporary elements. This sitting area has a beautiful blend of rustic furniture, and modern accessories like the Donna Wilson pillows on the chairs.
shutting down all unused Accounts, You will have to
Today’s Free For all Friday is on the topic of music. As some of you know, I received my BA in music from Campbell University and it is a topic on which I am highly passionate. As there is a dearth of good “popular or pop” music to be found and I am constantly asked what I’m “listening to right now,” I thought I would be your guiding light in the area of good music. Be forewarned that I am not an exclusive “Christian music” listener (another topic for another day) so allow your conscience to guide you as you sift through my list of favorite albums (for right now).
DRESS: House of Rage ~ Careful ~ White
1 pomegranate
Father: "Siiiiiiiggghh"
His attention distracted
Whether or not birth control should be payed for by the government, women like Berthot are saying that it should be the choice of women, not the government.
(*Anne: Storing albums with this many pages upright might cause the binding to become loose, unless it's propped on a book stand that allows the book to lean back, stay closed, or lay open with the binding sinking into the spine instead of the pages pulling on the binding. Storing flat is the best way to preserve the binding.)
Parishioner Amy Larson bought the bonds in the mid 80’s and early 90’s made them out for the church and left them in a safe deposit box. After she passed away there was no family to claim the box so it was sent to the Office of the State Treasurer.
CAP 253 C 0/2
Terry Puhl
I confess that I and my cinema-going chum were firmly in the minority when it came to laughing out loud on many occasions, but because of this unintentional hilarity I feel a ** rating is deserved. I look forward to more guffaws when other Hasbro games are inevitably optioned as blockbusters. Maybe a remake of 80’s crap The Stuff – in which pots of suspicious, well, stuff, zombify unsuspecting consumers – could be reworked as Play-Doh: The Movie. Whoa, that actually sounds feasible…
Dwayne Johnson: That's how what works?
“If I find a ruined building, I need to know what happened inside the building: the forces that co-operated to make it what it was. The energy and social inter-action. About 5,000 years ago, the Arabian civilization was created. But it is not a distant planet. Those ‘dead’ things and ‘dead’ people’s actions are alive because of the long-term effects of their existence and their actions. That is the psychology of archaeology. It is like a giant meteor falling on Earth; it creates all kinds of changes and has all kinds of after-effects. When you watch a stone thrown into a pool, the effects ripple out and eventually disappear but, with events in history everything is linked. In order to understand the Arabian civilization of 3,000 BC, you have to go back to what was happening between 5,000 BC and 4,000 BC. Ruins don’t talk; what talks is the actions of people and you can only judge people by their actions.
Do what you want to do
Thank you mysterious benefactor. My mom thinks it's because I bought the album, but there was nothing on the website or on Amazon that said if you downloaded this album you'd get Rolling Stone. Wouldn't I have gotten Kerrang or one of the other guitar mags that did bigger stories on them? Either way- never look a gift Gerard (I mean, magazine!) in the mouth.
4) What's it like parking outside?
that I enjoy
8. Make a den! I remember doing this as a kid with my brother, taking all the pillows of the sofa, hanging a sheet over 2 chairs, and hiding in there all day with toys and games. Monster loves it, she has a pop up tent though but still enjoys filling it with pillows books and a snack and can hide in there for quite a while!
During his two terms of office, Jackson vetoed the recharter of the Second Bank of the United States, signed the “Tariff of Abominations” which led to the Nullification Crisis and ignored important Supreme Court decisions protecting Native American rights.
I finished my Nitro Blonde, wrapping up my chat with the Old World Brewery crew. Seems to me they’re pretty serious about this whole brewing thing. I don’t imagine it will be too long before they’ve broken into the Phoenix area bar market. I did notice that they still haven’t gotten that sign hung up on front of the building, though Patrick and Perry both assured me that the sign is in fact in the building and waiting for the “sign guy” to install it. So, don’t say I didn’t tell you that Old World Brewery might be a bit hard to find. Guess you’ll have to earn it.
I should point out that I don’t speak German but English is spoken fluently by many and partially by almost all however sometimes there was just enough of a barrier to add a little hilarity. I got to the door where I thought he would be. He wasn’t. He must be outside, I thought, but just to check I enquired if this was indeed the west gate. The chap I asked was a lovely fellow but the question was not clearly understood, I used my wits to communicate where language failed me and we parted company having firmly established our corresponding terms for the four compass points but sadly I was still none the wiser about the mysterious west gate.
“You can watch movies and television shows.”
Fulford didn’t cover it here, but both the Rockefeller and the Rothschild factions are being forced to step down and relinquish control by this 80-country alliance. That's why no Bilderberg / CFR / Trilateral members were allowed in.
Cartier, people all over the world should have known the famous jewelry brand. But do you know its wristwatch? In the history of Cartier, many classical styles of wristwatches were produced.
“Do not be anxious about anything, but in everything, by prayer and petition, with thanksgiving, present your requests to God” Phil 4:6
“Who will have all men to be saved, and to come unto the knowledge of the truth.”
Tomatoes like consistent water, although not too much. Here in Houston we have sudden, intense rain storms which make that difficult. Our advise is to not stress about what you can't control, and just water your seedlings at regular intervals if there is no rain. Mulch will help keep the soil evenly moist. If you started with fertile soil, you should not need to amend during the growing season.
“All operations over the hump required use of oxygen. Oxygen was provided to crewmembers by a demand system which provided oxygen on inhale. It also had a constant flow and an emergency forced flow capability. Oxygen masks were very uncomfortable. Regulations required that oxygen be used above 12,000 MSL during daytime and above 10,000 MSL at night.”
And I think a recital works better for me, instead of coordinating with a huge group at this point of time.
Clear amber colored beer (who'da thunk it), with a thin white head. Beer has a caramel oatmeal cookie smell to it. Taste is much the same. I get a nice caramel malt and a moderately thin body. The beer makes you think you'll taste some off flavors but they never come out. Low hops and very short malt after taste. A very sessionable beer that I imagine is meant for all of us to enjoy after hunting down moose or playing hockey. Just incredibly simple and effective. 3 stars.
i’ll never be
Finally—knowing that truly, no one wants a big dramafest, I emailed Richard Dionne and made the same request: Please send either the reversion or the proof that Dun Lady's Jess is being sold via regular trade channels, and please do so within the next three business days.
(Click HERE for more photos and the full story) The bed and colour scheme in this eight-year-old’s bedroom might be too childish for when she becomes a senior in high school, but imagine the same bed repainted in high gloss black or kelly green with zebra print sheets! Suddenly the look is much more fun and mature, a whole new look for the cost of a sheet set and a can of spray paint! Meanwhile this colour palette of watermelon pink, sunny yellow and ethereal blue add to the sweet vintage vibe which suits this particular little girl for right now:
He was vaguely aware he was salivating.
Great news, guys! We've tackled a lot of little things that needed to be done around our new house, but now we're about to tackle something we're REALLY excited about: The kitchen!
23. Wife
1. Place all ingredients in the vitamix in order as listed. Secure lid.
The downside is when I am too busy to even make a cup of tea for myself no one sweeps in the save the day with a nicely made cup to tea to refuel.
“I’m quite happy that some people hate it, as long as some people really like it. Those people who said it was really boring said so in terms that implied they were really infuriated by it, which is quite good.
In a trapped and unforgiving barren lair
Grey cropped pants - Ann Taylor
Happy New Year everyone! We've just returned from our annual "ring in the new year" trip, this time in Norway. It was 10 years ago that this little tradition unofficially started. Dayne and I were just dating and Forest was getting ready to move to Annecy, France to study. Along the way her and some friends were heading to Italy and we all decided to meet up in Paris for New Years Eve. This would be Dayne's and my first trip together!
Remember when I introduced you to my bestest all time friend, Erin? Well, her and I were in shopping day heaven two Sunday's ago now, when we went and loaded up the carts to get moving along on her Master Bedroom makeover!
Some places don't even ask to see it. Some places will employ you before it has arrived, which kind of defeats the purpose of it. You just have to have it, just in case. Then the employer has their arse covered. But it makes you question if it's really helping to protect the vulnerable.
History is about to repeat itself
All you have to do is take your pants and, making sure to cut through both layers at once, cut out 4 rectangles measuring 12.5"(w) x 11.5"(l). You will end up with 8 panels. This fits my 2 year old really nicely but the 'pattern' is easily adjustable. Just change the width/length/amount of panels as needed. My measurements make a slightly above knee length, very gathered skirt. If you are using anything other than knit or fleece or if you prefer a properly finished hem you will need to add an inch onto the bottom. I serged mine so I cut it to the length I wanted it to end up.
Step 2: Pop your tin on some paper and draw a border around the shape of your tin which is 2”inch wider than your tin.
Halloween decorations have started going up in my office, which means it's time for me to bust out my night lamp (received as part of a Dexter swap last year). Hopefully this will make clearing paper jams more entertaining.
I can remember pangs of longing when I would see a picture-perfect couple pushing a stroller on a family walk. I wondered what it would be like. I also considered the possibility of being a life-long singleton. I suffered through countless blind-dates from well-meaning friends.
But the most striking feature here is the masturbatory nature of these Zionist efforts. They know their endless posts quoting self-appointed military experts will make next to no impression on the general public because:
(Or Left Alone) Thank You,
Yeah, guilty as charged.
There are recognisable profiles for the three major racial groups on brain size; intelligence; personality and temperament; sexual behaviour, and rates of fertility, maturation, and longevity. The profiles reveal that, ON AVERAGE that Orientals and their descendants around the world fall at one end of the continuum, Blacks and their descendants around the world fall at the other end of the continuum and Whites regularly fall in between. This worldwide pattern implies evolutionary and genetic, rather than purely
The moon is high and half-full and the stars are out.
2 protection
13 - Ega Enacirrrunh
The boyfriend says, “Just relax………” (tears)
The cat that showed up yet again. On Thursday morning, she saw D and tore to my door, up the flight of steps and into my flat. And plonked herself down my side of the bed, promptly falling asleep. I miss my cats back home sorely (if you haven't seen my favourite one Ms K yet, you should!) and in Cambridge, the rare time I saw a cat wandering about the streets I was on Cloud Nine. I used to counsel and process adoptions at the local SPCA back home, so being deprived of having animals to touch and cuddle made me feel terrible-- worse than bad college food that makes you feel sickly and massively unsatisfied at the same time, whilst knowing it's gonna load you up with fats. My main mantra is, if I eat loads and grow tubbier, that's my business because I chose the food and I loved it; but the same effect with food I was forced to pay for and hate? No way! So, there were two black-and-white cats lurking about college grounds occasionally, owned by a resident nearby. Everytime I saw either I'd be excited and was convinced I would have good luck that day. I wished hard enough that Brighton would have loads of cats or that some cat would 'adopt' me, and I was far from disappointed. This cat dashed towards us as we left the flat for a drink on the first night, charging and purring by the light of the full moon. Another day when I was walking up the steps to my flat, I saw a cat outside my door. The main door and my flat door was shut. I thought it was a magic cat. And let her in. D said, "She tore in when I answered the door and the delivery man came. She snooped about everywhere for too long so I let her out but she didn't want to leave the front door". Oh!
Fall is almost here and it is time to start those beautiful Fall/harvest/halloween cards! I LOVE this time of year. It is so peaceful and living in the beautiful Rocky Mountains the scenery is spectacular! Here is the first fall card of the season:
- In Romania, in 1935, Mickey Mouse was banned because the authorities thought that the sight of a 10ft high rodent on screen would terrify the nation's children.
I retrieved the great wealth stolen by my enemies
I've spent most of the last few days on my back with my new best friends: the heating pad and Advil. I've been dealing with some pretty bad back problems which I hope will be reversed with the purchase of a new mattress and some Pilates to strengthen up what is apparently a rather weak core.
I do not have many masks (one actually) and as you can see it's the one with the clock and gears. My new Spring Distress Inks came through the letterbox on Friday, and now I've finished my night shifts I can get them out and play. I wasn't too sure about them at first, but I think they are definitely growing on me.
Anyway, I ended up doing some deep cleaning in the kitchen (including spiderweb destruction, wiping down the tops of cupboards, wiping dust off of baskets/other decorative stuff I always have on top of the cupboards, etc.) Ewwwww...guess what....I moved some things around, including the microwave. Honestly, I do a pretty good job of keeping the counters wiped off, and DO reach under the microwave as far as my fingers and a cloth will go...but I don't typically move it or try to pick it up often. Look what I found when I moved the microwave!!!!
It is my sister in law's birthday this week and she loves baking, I decided to give her the card I made a few challenges back with Polly Pickleberry on but I needed an Auntie one so I used one of the precoloured images from the CD and matched with red embossed backing card, punched some flowers in lemon and added a brown gemstone to finish.
Urban Chestnut Brewing Company (3229 Washington Avenue) Urban Chestnut, at least for a short time, can boast about being the newest production brewery in St. Louis. While they don’t have tours, they do have a lovely tasting room in a very neat building. Their very knowledgeable staff can walk you through all of the beers they currently have on tap.
The best RC flying simulator games make the enchanting dream of flying all the more interesting.
"Karla was never confident like her older sister Beth. Karla was awkward. Shy. She felt out of place. Of the two, Beth was clearly the leader. And yet, for years, it was Karla we all followed. Every hair-raising step of her inadvertent journey, through bipolar disorder and addiction, carried her, and us along with her, like a balloon on the wind, rudderless from whim to whim, leaving collateral damage in her wake. And yet, with all the damage, the seeming disarray, there was always always a gift. Courage found at the last minute, when it was needed most. Resourcefulness against all odds. Steadfastness. And the journeys we took through the years. The stories. The adventures. The fury, the frustration. They call to mind Romans 5: "But we also glory in our sufferings, because we know that suffering produces perseverance; from perseverance, character; and from character hope. And hope does not disappoint."
Taking on racism, incest, domestic violence, and issues involving gender and other seltsamkeit, The Devil in Miss Jones 4: The Final Outrage may be crude and a tad lewd at times, but it repeatedly goes places where most adult films are too afraid to venture. Sure, the scene where two racists are forced to fornicate with members of races they purportedly hate isn't the most subtle jab at bigotry I have ever seen. But the amount of courage it took to stage something so potentially incendiary needs to be at least acknowledged.
Hi William and welcome.
Got that, all you racism chasers? Bardwell is basically saying, without saying it outright, that even if his actions were racist, that's not a problem, because the couple was free to get their marriage license elsewhere. The market took care of it! And Bardwell himself was supposedly just expressing his all-American, God-given personal right to serve, and not serve, whomever he liked.
Next, I wanted to feature this great chair redo by Make Them Wonder for two reasons. 1 - because I love a good spraypaint makeover and 2 -because of the HUGE difference the two tone color makes. Love it.
“You men! You filthy dirty pigs! You’re all the same, all of you. Pigs! Pigs!”
introspection, I realized that I did still feel a little sad about the breakup, but I also felt much more positive than I had prior to watching these comedians. One question remained: why did I have these mixed emotions? Philosophers such as Plato have posited that humor involves a mixture of both pleasure and pain, but what does psychological research have to say about the
5) BBC Symphonic Orchestra On Crack – Playing “Wowowoutdshglsdhgoiywetoy and shithityhwoureoweyuytu fuck arse!!!!” in e-minor.
Unfortunately, minorities often suffer so that whites can pat themselves
I have (on the twitter) posted links to interesting documents on Carbon Emissions, Climate Change and what might be done about it. Most recently:
I discussed this with one YA author who prefers more ‘reality-time’ in the beginning. A few years ago the trend was toward faster immersion, with the story beginning where some strange (paranormal, magical, etc.) event thrusts the protagonist into the new world in the first five pages. Michael Smith’s The Alchemyst comes to mind, and Casandra Clare’s City of Bones. Is that trend shifting? In Miss Peregrine’s Home for Peculiar Children (which I enjoyed very much) I did feel a disconnect between the longer period of ‘reality’ in the beginning, because the fantasy elements came so much later.
K and I try hard to be realistic about Oldest (about each of them) and we think this is a perfect fit for him, but there's a steep learning curve being in a small shop with three other people for long hours every day, six days a week, and he loves it but we know it's hard!
What I'd really like to find out is how I get the words reply to appear underneath each comment I get left. I've tried to work it out and I just can't, if anyone has the magic know how I'd love it if you wouldn't mind letting me in on the knowledge.
Hey! Where were you for the last hour. I've been looking all over for you.
Hypocrisy and dishonesty is the only way to promote his new religion, and he knows it. So did Bugnini.
As you can guess, this could get real ugly real fast. I'm halfway considering getting a hotel room somewhere downtown so I don't get tempted to drive home to the 'burbs in a less than sober state, but I plan on pacing myself, and locking up a designated driver here and there. I'm still recovering from the Margarita Monday we had yesterday with some friends.
1 small onion, chopped
Now the show begins …
The British illegally overturned the Sand River Convention & the Orange River Convention when they invaded & made war on the Boer Republics. The Conventions were recognized abroad pertaining to the independence of the Boer Republics.
The vastly different colors limited my choice of possible colors for overdyeing this yarn. Almost any color I picked would result in some areas of brown because of the color combinations. So I knew I needed to choose a color that would work with some brownish variegation. And because I wanted to mostly cover the existing colors, I wanted something dark and saturated. I settled on dark plum. I love the color, it looks good on me, and I had the dyes to accomplish it. I knew going in that I would not end up with a solid color, but more of a tonal yarn, because of the underlying variegation. That's okay with me; I like tonal yarns, heathery yarns, tweed yarns...just not strongly variegated yarns. I was hoping for a variety of shades of plummy colors.
The wife tends to recall that day, his birthday, and likes to describe the passing of moments to Ian so he appreciates all she did, and he should.
Mitchell said something like, “hey Alan” or something simple and similar like that. That was it. “Hey Alan”! Like we were old friends. Like he didn’t knock the nose off of our snowman and I didn’t just lose myself and punch him. I’m sure I said something like, “hey” back, but who knows with my heart pounding so fast and fear gripping me.
Teaching wrongly.
Just been shopping today.... meant to buy practical things... um.... well you can see what I came back with! I am very chuffed with the melamine bowls, so pretty and reduced to £1 each from £2.50 (from BHS, which is also where the flower in jar arrangement and the heart frame were from). The bag is £22 from M&S and the jewellery was from there too. The cream is to try and banish my frown lines!!!! Cheaper than Botox hahahaha.
Yet I still collect seeds for my children.
Sirloin steak, asparagus, french fries
translucent as a thought suddenly
Hopefully I'll be up and about soon!
I'm also doing a giveaway - $25 gift card and an e-copy of Tomorrow Land.
By the way, if your homeschool needs a little boost from the winter doldrums, be sure to check out the link on my sidebar from Homeschool Connections. They're offering a great deal from now until the end of the month of December. You can log into one of their recorded American history courses and try it out FREE for the next two weeks.
XIII. Payments and Statements
May 4th, 2010
“. . . the priests, and the captain of the temple, and the Sadducees came upon them, Being grieved that they taught the people. . .And they laid hands on them and put them in hold.”
integrity, the respect of intellectual property rights and a sustainable
She gives birth to your internal truths and desires. She shines light on your darkest fears that hold you back. She supports you in ways you could only dream of accomplishing.
What If...?
I found some turkey bratwurst though - Butterball, maybe? I can't remember. Anyway, for 140 calories, we thought we'd give them a try. Honestly? I wasn't too excited about it. We had some turkey breakfast sausage one morning while we were camping, and I didn't care for it too much - too turkey-y.
discovering his
leaving very little time to ourselves?
If our kids deep down believe that they are bad and shameful, they deep down have that EXPECTATION OF THEM SELVES….so this was a GREAT opportunity to teach that light, that hope, that possibility to serve and do something great , that EVERY single one of us have in us. This has always been one of my favorite movies.
This is a poster for the performance art piece "Double Silence" by Saburo Teshigawara. It may or may not be related to the post below.
8. Save the rest
As has always been the case with chain letters, a wonderful story or sentiment is forwarded from someone who got my cell phone number from God knows where (in my sister’s day it would be from a friend but now it could be anybody) tied to a promise for good fortune IF I forward it to X number (pick a number, any number) of people OR I’m a loser if I don’t forward it and something bad will befall me… soon! I need this?
It’s surprising how many picture books can be acted by a whole class – even ones with only two main characters.
GENTLY stir in flour and baking soda
Common Cold, I salute your courage and resilience.
My question to the honourable industries minister and the State government is: why? Do we really need a bullet train between the State’s premier cities, or for that matter in any part of Karnataka?
I smiled at them as if to say, “you’re sweet for trying” and took a step towards our dates. Sorry, but Rayanne and I are not the “double date, dine and ditch” type girls.
These two resolutions are coming together nicely in a little project I've put together to liven up my 365 blog, which is going to waste since I bailed on the 365 Project. I'm not going to be doing 365 again, but I will post photos as often as possible. The above mentioned project is that at least once a week I'll be posting a PostSecret on Awesome Randomosity In Living Colour. So if you have any sort of desire to know my deep, dark secrets now's the time.
Many of you have shared both your ideas on how to “go green” in daily life and your commitment to different interesting actions.
I also blame the behavior on preschool and the fact that he's four years old. I thought the three's were bad, but now that I look back at Miss K's year of four, she was a tough cookie too.
The outside she dreamed of, full of friends, was a lot better than this real outside even though she loved that, this real outside, almost secretly. Hand on the frosted grass beside her she curled fingers around several cold blades and wrapped them to warm swiftly around her fingers. Fingertips felt every frosty spire melt away into water to cool her skin and seep in among fingerprints, almost tasted it right through her skin. Attention paid to that rather than the meaner use of frost of the window words.
For his part, the 22-year-old singer doesn’t seem to care. He tweeted earlier today: ‘Let them be mad!!! We make music. Don’t like it, don’t listen!
Which means, darlings, that we don't have time to linger here with you right now, much as we'd like to. Forgive us, will you? You know we love you and will return as soon as we can. In the meantime, click on over to Arcade and read Natalia Cecire's thoughtful piece on academic blogging, which kindly invokes Moose's riff on pseudonymity in The Journal of Women's History roundtable on academic feminist blogging. Or, speaking of Tenured Radical (who edited that JWH roundtable), go read her latest post on her midlife transition to a new job. Show her some love, kids, and, if you see her wandering aimlessly in a hallway near you, show her her classroom, too, will ya? Or, if you still read books but prefer books with colorful pictures, pick up Brooke Gladstone's The Influencing Machine. Moose just read it as part of her work for the Committee to Assure That All Incoming Students Read At Least One Fracking Book in Their First Year of College and enjoyed it immensely. It's smart and witty, but it also brings an impressive historical perspective to bear on questions about media and technology that are far too often discussed in completely presentist (and often alarmist) terms. And did we mention that it has lots and lots of pictures?
You can also plan the number of hours you sleep according you your REM cycles. Every 90 minutes (1.5 hours) the body naturally completes a sleep cycle. These are the periods when you are most likely to be awoken. After completing a cycle the body feels refreshed and ready to go or the day. Waking up during REM cycles at night can make it difficult to fall back to sleep. However, if you plan your hours of sleep accordingly you can time your alarm with the completion of a cycle and wake up fully refreshed.
Everyone looking to see who the hell is making that awful fishy smell.
“Oh, no,” she says. “Keep it like it is. It looks sexy.”
Another important thing to consider is the intended paradigm and structure. We have a tendency to apply these kinds of principles with an hierarchal mindset. The gift of teaching, along with the other gifts, was given by God to help equip others, and it was meant for a Kingdom of Heaven cultural context. In other words, the relationships are modeled after a loving family, not a boss and employers. It is supposed to be enabling and releasing, not managing or using. Jesus addressed this when He told His disciples, “You know that the rulers of the Gentiles lord it over them, and those who are great exercise authority over them. Yet it shall not be so among you; but whoever desires to be great among you, let him be your servant.” Paul further illustrated this in 1 Thessalonians 2:6-8 by saying, “Nor did we seek glory from men, either from you or from others, when we might have made demands as apostles of Christ. But, we were gentle among you, just as a nursing mother cherishes her own children. So affectionately longing for you, we were well pleased to impart to you not only the gospel of God, but also our own lives, because you had become dear to us.”
You would also be amazed at all the technology that today’s salesmen need to effectively compete in an ever-changing market. This week as I eagerly patrolled the roads of a vast sales territory I was surrounded by an array of every technological advance of the past twenty years needed to help find my way and keep track of billions of kilobytes of information. My car almost looked like the nuclear war room at the White House, or the cockpit of a 747 jet. Sitting close by was a blackberry loaded with contacts. Attached to my ear was a bloothtooth device that in connection with my blackberry formed a PAN, or as it’s called in the sales world; “a personal area network.” Sitting on the passenger car seat within easy reach was my new laptop, and attached conveniently next to my rear-view mirror was the latest in satelite-based geosynchronous positioning devices. My devices were so complicated, I decided to hire my nephew, Melvin to sit in the back seat to service and maintain my systems, and be available to fix any unforseen glitches. The good news is that he’s unemployed, will work for Wii games, doesn’t talk much, like me, loves Star Trek, and is a whiz at computers, and video games.
Remember: you must check your insurance policy and comply with the requirements it sets out for riot damage. Many insurers insist on being notified within seven days of damage occurring, with a crime reference number, and many insurance policies cover riot damage: the insurers then reclaim the costs from the police authority. Don’t assume that you should make a claim directly to the police, and if you have any questions you should be contacting your insurers immediately. As ever, nothing on this blog should be taken as specific legal advice.
Within the microtubules matter-mind psychic entanglement takes place
We do wish they'd had a typo and written "DRIVE MICE." We've always wanted to saddle up one of those bad boys.
too quiet.
“’Sell all that you have, give it to the poor, then come follow me.’”
The test made it official today at the vet's office but we still don't really know how many little rug rats she's carrying around in there. Every time any of us try to palpate her belly she sucks it in like a failed dieter at the doctor's office and the pups end up sliding into her chest cavity, well out of counting reach. I'm not horrifically worried, honest. I feel about this pregnancy the same way I felt when my daughter was in utero: all I want is that the little ones be healthy. I don't care how many or what sex or what colours, I just want a healthy batch of little ones. In my daughter's case, though, I KNEW it was just one pup in there. In Belle's case it could easily be up to a dozen or more. In her 'family' there are bitches who have whelped litters of FIFTEEN.
We are excited to celebrate Pat's latest book release of Becoming A Young Woman Who Pleases God with her. You can purchase a copy HERE. She has graciously offered a copy to giveaway. Please leave a comment and we will choose a random winner next week.
Maybe not quite every day, nor was it all as planned, because I got jumped by the streptococci, who went, as they do when cornered, straight for the throat. It would have been on a thursday, the one before easter weekend, the Red Dirt Girl was at work, and I'd spent the day feeling tired. I had a bit of a sore throat too, which I put down to the unaccustomed and relentless dehydration of air-conditioning. (in my world we use the standard-issue air, full of whatever damp it comes with).
My thoughts rarely wandered to my birthdad in those early days. The non-identifying information told me he was interested in aviation. I was afraid to fly. Maybe I didn’t feel connected to him because of that–not to mention that fact that he didn’t carry me in his tummy for nine months. His outside features (height, weight, hair color, eye color) were listed in my non-identifying information, but the only detail that described his personality was aviation as a hobby. I was ignorant about the kind of man he was. I was told that they were not financially ready to get married when they had me, so I kind of pictured him as a young, loving, scared boy. I was Ignorant. Admittedly, when I did start flying more regularly as an adult, I looked carefully at the pilots each time–searching their faces to see . . . ? I don’t know what I thought I would see. That I would see myself in his face?
The study, based on U.S. Census data, suggests that dropouts nationally will be a net drain on the government, collecting an average of $70,850 more in benefits like food stamps in their lifetimes than they’ll pay in taxes. In comparison, the typical high-school grad will make a net positive contribution of $236,060.
His eyes are always wide open
The darkness enshrouding God and obscuring values is the real threat to our existence and to the world in general”
I awakened in the same place but in another time—to a stranger's soft kiss.
Meija
What was the most valuable part of participating in Cupid’s Cup?
“He’s my guy, that’s who. He likes football, music and people.”
The third and last part, found in BaMidbar (Numbers) 15:37-41, commands the Jews to wear the Tzitzit, the fringes, which is a sign for reminding the Jews about the commandments, as well as commanding the Jews to remember the exodus from Egypt.
Today we start with the new stamps that are released by Sweet November!!! This time Amy went back in time and designed these 3 charming ladies... at first I thought what do I do with them... but when searching for the right papers I grew into the girls and started to adore them deeply!!!
I’m still growing, changing, learning and experiencing life but the journey is so much more wonderful when shared with the people I hold dear to my heart..
First logistical problem, finding a 2-seater shopping cart. Okay, normal grocery stores have them, and they are pretty cool and keep kids occupied for a little while because they look like cars, but if you can’t find one of those, you are limited to shopping for necessities because one of your children will be in the cart. I am talking about younger kids by the way, mine are 2 and 3. Now, if your shopping place of choice has a two-seater, chances are they are all inside, and you’ll have get both kids out of the car and have to be on your best Super Hero role and make sure they don’t dash away and get hit by a car. Or if your lucky, like me, they’ll be one outside. In the very furthest spot from the store. Trust me, this is easier. Now, with that being said, I shop at Walmart for groceries and they don’t have the normal 2 seater grocery carts. No, they have these weird 1/4 seats in the front of the carriage with this complex belt system. So Kid’s hate them… heck, I hate them just by looking at them. Get a real carriage for kids Walmart!! You are one of the largest companies in the world. Don’t even get my started on the straps. If your 2 year old hasn’t figured out how to unlatch them, don’t worry they will before they are 3. Now, Walmart hasn’t really taken care of their carriages so the straps on these were hard for even me to unlatch so, score one for me, my kids can’t get out.
The burger, which is served with fries and a milkshake, boasts lashings of relish, ketchup and mayonnaise, plus two whole onions, three tomatoes and an entire head of lettuce.
For writers of adult fiction, this works well enough no matter how long the author takes (within reason) to write and publish their next book. A gap of a few years might even create greater desire among the fanbase for the next one. But for a children's author, things are rather harder.
Paul Nicholls was born on April 17, 1962, and has been training at Manor Farm Stables in Ditcheat, Somerset, since taking out a licence on November 1, 1991. The policeman’s son started out in racing as a jump jockey and twice rode the winner of the Hennessy Cognac Gold Cup at Newbury – in 1986 on Broadheath and a year later on Playschool, both sent out by Devon trainer David Barons. Nicholls partnered 130 winners between 1980 and 1989, struggling always to keep his weight down, and nominates the best horses he rode as Broadheath, Playschool and Seagram. Between 1989 and 1991, he was assistant trainer to Barons, who sent out Seagram to win the 1991 Grand National at Aintree during that time. He has always trained at Paul Barber’s Manor Farm, initially with just eight horses. Nicholls, who now has over 200 horses in training, quickly made his mark as a trainer with an early highlight coming on Saturday, November 7, 1998, when pulling off the amazing feat of saddling seven winners and three seconds from 10 runners and he later made history when he became the first trainer to saddle six winners on the same card, at Wincanton, his local track, on January 21, 2006. Another early high point in his training career came at the 1999 Cheltenham Festival when he captured the major chase on each of the three days – Flagship Uberalles scored in the Arkle Chase, Call Equiname in the Queen Mother Champion Chase the following day and, best of all, See More Business took the Betfred Cheltenham Gold Cup. Having strongly challenged Martin Pipe for the jump trainers’ championship over a number of years, most notably when pushing his great rival right to the last day of the 2004/05 campaign, Nicholls claimed his first title the following season. He has retained his title on five occasions and is currently engaged in a fierce battle with Nicky Henderson for this year’s crown. Recent flag-bearers for Nicholls have included the brilliant 16-time Grade One winner Kauto Star, who became the first horse to win the King George VI Chase five times and the only chaser to regain the Betfred Cheltenham Gold Cup. Denman also captured the Betfred Cheltenham Gold Cup and twice defied top weight to win the Hennessy Gold Cup, while Master Minded gained eight Grade One victories including two renewals of the Queen Mother Champion Chase. Big Buck’s entered the record books on Thursday when winning the BGC Partners Liverpool Hurdle. It was his 17th consecutive win over hurdles,passing Sir Ken’s record set between 1951 and 1953. The French-bred has won an unprecedented Ladbrokes World Hurdles at Cheltenham. Nicholls celebrated a first victory in the Stan James Champion Hurdle with Rock On Ruby this year and he is currently fourth on the all time list of trainers at the Cheltenham Festival with
And shall be lost in always. Not to be here,
Finally, on CNET.com, I ran across the Infix PDF Editor. It really helped with the redacting out of the account numbers on the credit card statements, and with merging multiple single page docs into one multipage document. Pretty easy to use, and the price was right: FREE. (There are other features, but those were the ones I needed.)
There are various forms of licensing and other credentials that may be advisable or essential for social workers in those four groupings. Posts under this “After Social Work Education – Licensure” topic, in this blog, look at some credentialing topics applicable to those groupings.
Lee Gak couldn’t argue with the given testimony but it doesn’t mean that he has backed down. He starts to recruit his own men – our Joseon F4 Rangers!
Think of the movie Quills. The Marquis de Sade was the biggest perv on the planet, but he was a writer through and through. Nothing could stop him from getting the final word, so to speak.
And this is why I am delighted to announce that I am going to be publishing Timeline Books second book.
The first recipe I made is called Thanksgiving Leftover Casserole. This used my leftover turkey, mashed potatoes, and stuffing mix and created a yummy casserole. It has a really nice sauce that holds it all together. I enhanced the flavor by adding thyme, rosemary, and sage to the sauce. I did some quality control when it came out of the oven, and I give this 2 thumbs up.
I actually went in and attacked the original lawsuit — tenaciously. I made some salient criticisms. My critique manifested within a few days of when it was released.
We just don’t have the institutions or the will to do it.
And that's on a good night.
So it is possible that fewer than half a million will turn out though many, according to the idealistic Bersih, will be there “in spirit”.
Pratyush: – Yaar, but this won’t be good for your future. It may affect your marriage. You should forget the past and look into the future.
meeting, social work graduate student Heather Day introduced herself and mentioned that she's conducting a study of the area as part of her degree. Being a grad student myself, I'm inclined to assist a fellow traveler, so below, you'll find the complete survey that she's been asking locals to complete (if, of course, they're so inclined). If you'd like to help her out, you can reach her with replies to these questions
* Rdio has just expanded in the UK and France.
How cool is that??
consciece without awareness
Finish: Long, warming and dominated by the flavours on the palate.
I’m trying to put some thought into this year without, of course, going overboard and over budget.
OU Notes: Mastered from Pre-FM 2xLP transcription set. Editing, indexing and very light pop and click removal by hipstone. No filtering, EQ, or any other processing.
Unlike England or Scandinavia, France's feudal society features a caste of knights, who own a chainmail tunic, a kite-shaped shield, a conical or rounded helmet with a nose-guard, and appropriate weapons. Most French adventurers are not knights, as these men are minor nobles in their own right and have responsibilities to uphold on their lord's land. French adventurers from less affluent backgrounds tend to own whatever weapons and armor they can find, scavenge or improvise. Many a French adventurer has gone off into battle carrying a long stick with a knife tied to the end.
Many of us do not realise that there is a difference between emotions and the subtle feeling of our heart. The feelings from our heart are the natural by-product of love, whereas emotions are created from our reactive responses to the environment or to situations encountered. Examples of emotions that erupt are things like anger, sadness, frustration, envy, hatred, irritation, arrogance, selfishness etc and are centred on the solar plexus.
there ain’t no Poets Anonymous
Diaper Pail – Arm & Hammer It really does take care of the smell. However, I am having some issues with the bags leaking since the last two loads. I was not too sure about the use of a Diaper pail. Trust me you should get it specially if you live in an apartment type setting.
It’s an almost identical homage to Onegai Teacher in many ways in just the first episode, the only difference being she is the student and not the teacher. If it plays out exactly like the former series, I would be okay with that, but I am looking for something a little more. Being combined with the director of AnoHana though makes me question where things may go in this journey. Don’t get me wrong, I enjoyed AnoHana, but it was not what others hyped it up to be, and it didn’t really play out how I would have rather enjoyed it. Onegai Teacher/Twins kept itself light while keeping on a story track, so that’s going to be an important note.
when he had a small break from work we managed to fit in a small break to Turkey ankara and antakya because its such a wonderful country, i totally recommend visits to turkey .
Jackie Leven’s vocals are unique and will have you on the edge of your seat with the passage of each song, wondering where he will soar to next. I won’t compare him to Roy Orbison, or other celestial-voiced wonders, because, while he has taken on many influences (as Gypsies do), what comes out of his mouth is ALL Leven ALL the time. Jackie’s range is unbelievable and he has the gift of a classic saloon singer for putting across real depth and emotion.
My original Horde guild on Runetotem imploded on itself when WotLK came out. The story behind the eventual fallout is a long and painful one; it’s one I’m not about to indulge in right now. When I started writing the recruitment post for the new guild, built from the remains of our core raiding team, I was brutally honest with myself and anyone who wanted to read it. I didn’t pretty it up with alluring quips that promised riches and loot, adventure and fame.
10/9/2008 - Montreal, QC - Metropolis
On the bread front, I've solved the oven-spring problem. I don't know why I was kneading the dough a third time before placing it in the oven. I'm learning.
Now let me tell you a little bit about my experience at these specific events. The connection between the two of them and the main reason why I visited them both was GOOD MUSIC.
Catalog#: 7 81984-2
What's in it for you? Why another freebie of course! Deal?
"Grass!" Shouted Shag.
Robbie reaches over and grabs my phone again as soon as I've hung up. He turns it off, smiling at me as he does so, and slides it into the pocket of his jeans.
He made this fish catcher but so far all we've caught is a couple of minnows, he thinks he needs to modify it some, not sure if they are getting out or not getting in in the first place.
Originally published at the New English Review
Don't you love it when you unexpectedly stumble across something that you have been longing for ...and even better when the price is only $2.00!! Faux or not...I love my new little sparkly candle holders:)
That concludes today's list. But there will be more.
Bleed my soul dry
I’ve also dropkicked the 2009 Gimmick Poll Results to clear up space on the sidebar. The top vote getters were “drink only beers from western states” (which I’m trying to do), and “post guest columns by other beer bloggers” (which I’m also working to address).
This is the story across much of Africa, where nearly half of the continent's 53 countries are home to an active conflict or a recently ended one. Quiet places such as Tanzania are the lonely exceptions; even user-friendly, tourist-filled Kenya blew up in 2008. Add together the casualties in just the dozen countries that I cover, and you have a death toll of tens of thousands of civilians each year. More than 5 million have died in Congo alone since 1998, the International Rescue Committee has estimated.
-Compliance
I used to really love hazelnut and chocolate together. Like it was seriously my favorite thing ever. Then all of a sudden I didn't like it anymore and the smell of the nuts made my stomach churn. Probably because I ate so much of it :-) I haven't eaten Nutella in a long time but I was bound to make these for my brother so I bought a jar. And I have to tell you, I've been missing out all this time. I like it again!
-No Maternity and Paternity Leave
Rarely threw my hat into the crowd
Mining for example directly affects the soil and could even potentially devastate ground water if stringent regulations aren’t in place. If water happens to become polluted, it can be difficult to decipher who caused the problem and could even put individuals at risk without their knowledge. This behavior shouldn’t be condoned and needs to be brought to light immediately. Even though the company might not be directly from the country in which they are facilitating production, they need to be held accountable by universal standards.
Friday: following the great tradition of my fellow bloggers I decided to wear a frock - another previously unworn frock. So I spent Thursday night carefully cutting 33cm off the bottom of two maxi dresses and then when I decided which one I would wear, I hemmed it.
Picture a metaphoric ball resting precariously atop a steep, metaphoric hill. The ball represents our modern society – a “collective mind” of sorts, comprised of all of the basic assumptions we make about ourselves, about others, and about our relationship to the social and natural world we live in; the hill represents progress, specifically the industrialization and technological progress of the last hundred or so years, since the Industrial Revolution, which have brought us further from our roots than almost any other period in human history.
Steve Rogers: Trust me, it wasn’t that great.
And this is the best part, because it gives me the chance to tell you about five utterly terrific blogs and urge you to flock to them. In no particular order...
There are 4 million orphans in Ethiopia. International adoptions reach only a small fraction of those children. I understand some are opposed to international adoption, preferring to leave children in their country of origin. But is it really best to keep a child in an orphanage when a Kentucky family has already spent more than $30,000 and 18 months of energy trying to bring them into their home? There are two little boys who have a home and a family, but they cannot enjoy them because of the U.S. Government. Instead, these boys must stay in a transitional institution waiting on our government.
I have to address this cultural jail that stands between my people and true freedom.
We often find ourselves comparing the girls ..... and although there are some obvious differences.....they really do look quite alike we think.....theres no question really...... they obviously come from the same batch.
Again: That's HUGE.
You may enter the challenge using any image, but you will not be eligible to win the 2 Pink Gem Designs stamps (subject to availability) but you will be entered to win a badge for your blog.
I say this only because the guy who showed up at our door to fix the drain was all gigantic and sported some Pirates Of The Caribbean/Hulk Hogan Riding a Harley-inspired facial hair. Oh yeah, not to mention the casual small talk he made while he called in my credit card number, which included a longish story about that time he threw his daughter around by the throat on her birthday. On a less threatening but possibly very gross note, he also had something caked on his shoes and pants up to mid-calf from his last job (please let it be mud, oh please let it be mud). But actually he was very nice and, to his credit, didn't try to hug me like my mom's weirdo plumber tries to do with her. Plus, after digging around in my basement drain bare-fisted and snaking it out (or whatever the term is), he offered me his pen to sign the receipt even though (in his words) his hands were "kinda dirty." Which I thought was pretty polite.
'They found him naked but for the items with which I chose to array him. A pair of silk stockings, that pretty carved fan, and a lovely blue sash. The sash made a nice contrast with the purple of his face.'
Two action thrillers, available this month in paperback from Harper, will certainly appeal to the masculine side of readership, but there are plenty of female readers who will enjoy learning of the intricacies of the world of intelligence, politics, and the secrets, real and imagined, of government.
Luke explained to Nelly that I wasn’t “his type.” Ouch. Since they don’t make band-aids for bruised egos, I found a way to cope with the pain: hooking up with Luke’s business partner (Mack) and best friend (Raheem). Guess I was their type…victory is always mine.
1 1/2 cups heavy cream, cold
Cinnamon Rolls, smoothies, or muffins and fruit
For these burning feet
The incident prompted me to carry out a modest plan that had just taken seed. Shortly beforehand I had come across Nina Katchadourian’s Sorted Books project. Although I was unable to pick a favourite, I immediately knew it was something I had to try. The tangling of titles, the limitless possibilities of ‘found form’ and cut-up wordplay — as a game it was irresistible. I took photos of a few, and have written them as mini-poems for ease of reading and to see how they appear in verse:
Here is how the space started: dark and skank.
Have a great day and I'd love it if you'd share some of your thrifted or upcylced items with me!!
But I know most of you reading this are women...and you understand exactly what I'm feeling like this morning...or you will someday, if you haven't already gotten to this point in your life.
Yes, I had been to Lawrence, albeit very briefly. Richard and I drove through the town in 2007 in our rented Kea Campervan, and I made him drive up and down all the roads that seemed to lead up hills behind the main street. My memories were of some very interesting architecture, lots of big trees, some quite grand homes that had been built just after the turn of the century. Yes, it was nice. Why?
They checked my eyes again, told me the procedure went perfect, gave me my eye drop prescriptions, and we left!
her back to me, the naked curve
Despite our differences
These volumes are known to be ridiculously expensive and/or hard to get; what can I say? I lucked out. My wife got them pretty reasonably (I'm told by her) from lwcurrey.com.
Today I had free, another Dr. appointment tomorrow… this weekend so far is turning out to be much better than last. 3 days in a row of feeling crappy and not having appointments = bad.
8. Stop saying things like, “I don’t care what anyone thinks about me.” First of all, that’s not true. And second of all, if it is true, you need a perspective shift. Your reputation matters – greatly. You should care what people think of you.
There’s another reference to this blog, but I’ll let you guys find that one.
I write medical historical romantic fiction, with my Dad (a doctor) as Derry O’Dowd. When writing by myself I also favour historical fiction.
There's a lot to love in Ebbw Vale; the incongruously enormous, hulking scraping spire of Christ Church, dwarfing the terraces, evidently intended to be a landmark for miles around; the compact centre, with the unexpected pleasure of a Festival of Britain interior in the Crossing Café; another sadly derelict austere-baroque Workers' Institute; even the concrete car park at its centre, a fittingly muscular design reminiscent of Gateshead's demolished Trinity Centre. This one was saved, but improved by being painted white and covered in metal wire. The public art here, sadly in contrast to Merthyr, is pro forma, a swooping metal clock surrounded by steel balls. It was commissioned the year after the steelworks closed; the site is still being cleared for impending 'regeneration'. These things always feel like a sop, but the rest of the country owes Ebbw Vale and neighbouring Tredegar a favour, to put it mildly.
But what is the best way of doing this?
So, here's 7 random things about me:
There is one Vasior tree in every region of Ganchimi, each one planted by a single seed which was cast by a single Sower many years ago. Some say that all of these trees have common roots, each one connected to the next, stretching out hundreds of miles across the landscapes. I would not have believed it at first word unless I had tracked the roots between several of the trees for myself. I have done so, and that is part of my story, but I’ll speak of that later.
Here's the deal: hubby and I are in the process of buying a house. Yes, really. (I'm in panic mode already.) And it is triple the size of our apartment. We close at the end of May which means an insanely short amount of time to pack and make all the necessary arrangements., so I'm kind of in over my head here. Which leads me to my first request:
organic bagged lettuce
Stare me down through the vodka haze. Smile with telltale lips.
