Antarctic expeditions (I forget which, but I think one of Shackleton’s):
If you have children or experience with gluten sensitivity, please comment. This is a new journey for our family!
Add your copyright info and name to your tag
Enjoy the hot rasam as an appetizer before your meal.Here is a glassful of it.
I don’t think its because I am mad at them for being happy, but I feel an insane amount of jealously towards them. Just at what they have.
I am more difficult to read than the Rosetta Stone without using Rosetta Stone to first learn the language. I have a fairly expressionless face and my voice just does not change variation. Talking to me is like talking to Steven Wright (look him up). Most people don’t know if I’m joking or completely serious. I get it. I understand. Maybe this is a communication problem. Maybe I should work on my communication skills. But on the other hand, I’m 25 and I’ve survived this long so why fix what isn’t broken right?
When first I saw this picture I took it to be antique.
Thought I would share with you one of my most favorite miniatures.
Dr. Seymour turned the lights back on and was now gazing into my damaged and soon-to-be ravaged eyes.
no other person can provide you with these things
Never wantin' to live in a suit and tie!
Woman behind me: “20 CCS!!!” (And then a huge gasp.)
Something I never wanted done before.
So, I ran that thing. I didn’t PR, I was on pace to until it heated up and then the lack of heat training this time got to me. Oh well, another race I am sure will be in my future and after I am done with my PT, hopefully I will not be fighting this issue any more.
This reasoning appears to be fairly skewed to me because we all have learned that the public preception is a question of fact which may be proven by polls and the like for the actual registration date and/or the past. When the office is trying to predict how the public perception will develop and reject the application based on this prediction, it leaves the principle of objectivity, which is at the basis of good governance.
Yesterday, the Leeds School of Business, at the University of Colorado Boulder, released its annual Colorado Business Economic Outlook.
An Indonesian photographer who bares a striking resemblance to U.S. President Barack Obama has shot to fame after pictures of him surfaced on the internet. Also of American and Kenyan descent, Ilham Anas is now earning income as an Obama double.
What other people want to foist on our kids seems to have no end. If it’s not the USDA, then it’s other parents. For years, mommy bloggers and just plain moms have debated over treats in the classrooms. Not a week goes by that I don’t read something about the absurdly named “cupcake wars.” If you’re unfamiliar – here’s how it goes: Some classrooms allow children to have treats for their birthdays. I was never in one of these classrooms in any of the schools I attended, so I can’t speak of this personally. By all accounts, what seems to happen is that the birthday child’s mother brings cupcakes for the whole class. School time is spent consuming these cupcakes. For various reasons, allergies and obesity among them, schools have started banning cupcakes in the classrooms.
It’s HSBC’s house.
Ray
Then one hot day when fields were rank
I know how I got there, I know how it happened. I came clean and explained exactly where I was and how I felt about it. My dad listened and then we figured out how to turn the debt around. We made a plan, I’m sticking to it.
Same rules apply as to the 5 Minute Faces; no sketching first, pencil straight to paper. But it was more like 30 minutes than 5. Instead of pointy ears, I’ve given him pointy teeth. I’m sorry, I just couldn’t help myself.
Twitter users with American Express card are required to sync their American Express card with their Twitter account to start taking part in the offers. You have to be on the look out for #amex followed by the offer name eg. #amexcoffee #amexbeach and to take part all you have to do is just tweet that offer hashtag and when you swipe your American Express card the offer will be automatically redeemed on your card.
A racialist society is not free of racial insensitivity or hyper-sensitivity. We learn as we go – but we are learning. Radio host Don Imus described the Rutgers women’s basketball team as “nappy-headed hos.” Imus was fired. Black syndicated columnist Dewayne Wickham was unhappy that Tiger Woods did not make a bigger deal of it when golf analyst Kelly Tilghman — Woods’ longtime friend — suggested his competitors might consider lynching him. Tilghman apologized. During Obama’s run for president, then rival Joe Biden labeled him as “the first mainstream African-American who is articulate and bright and clean and a nice-looking guy.” Biden was taken to task, and then became Obama’s choice for Vice President.
Despite their daily strife.
Iceland makes an ideal test site because the ground beneath the island nation is 90 percent basalt, which is formed by volcanic activity. The country also generates most of its electricity from geothermal sources.
Lots of serious criticism has, I'm sure, been written about Celine and Julie Go Boating, and there's certainly much to say about it. Don't read any before seeing the film, though. Rivette's film, if you're able to share his sense of cinematic play, is an exhilarating and generous confection to bask in rather than to regard in hushed, somber tones. By the end, you may well be surprised how emotionally invested you are in the adventures of these two madwomen. This movie about the joy of watching movies is itself pure joy (no matter what Armond White says about the film and those who he believes pretend to like it for the sake of fulfilling supposed hipster credentials).
Finally, he directs his attention to his disciples. He does a quick scan of the twelve sets of eyes to secure the attention of each man. Smirk still intact, his shoulders and eyebrows raise and his palms turn up as if he can’t explain what he’s about to say. Then he blurts out, “I’m not hungry.”
· Experience with iterative design methodologies (i.e. Agile) a plus
Telephone: (631) 234-5484
3. I could feel my surfboard begin to slip. (My surfboard began to slip.)
We salute the heroic prisoners who are splitting the sky to achieve their rights to dignity and freedom, and salute all progressive forces around the world who raise the banners of struggle and solidarity against the occupation and for freedom, justice, self-determnation and sovereignty of the Palestinian people.
...but he doesn't want the poor to be able to see a doctor.
you all know how I love photography, and that I can't cook and that I have a sister who draws. but I don't know that kinda stuff about you guys.
I have died to sin! I am no longer a slave of sin, but I now live in fellowship with God through our Lord Jesus Christ. Sin no longer rule in my mortal body nor do I obey the desires of my natural self. I shall not surrender any part of myself to sin to be used for wicked purposes. Instead, I give myself to God, as those who have been brought from death to life, and I also surrender my whole being to Him to be used for righteous purposes. Sin is no longer my master, for I do not live under law but under God’s grace! Amen!
There’s a thorn in his side he just can’t get rid of
Ivan is an easygoing gorilla. Living at the Exit 8 Big Top Mall and Video Arcade, he has grown accustomed to humans watching him through the glass walls of his domain. He rarely misses his life in the jungle. In fact, he hardly ever thinks about it at all.
We continued across the top, finally walking behind the basilica and started down the east slope. Our destination was a little cafe with a wonderful outdoor terrace called L'ete en Pente Douce. This little spot is at the top of the stairs on Rue Paul Albert and was recommended to me by my cab driver when I arrived from the airport- she lives in the 18th also. We stopped here with friends after dinner and enjoyed cognacs outside, the night still warm but starting to have the feel of fall chill.
So, all that said, let's make some basic assumptions and generalizations, and talk about some of the most powerful common chamberings, and some of the guns that chamber them.
Admired many wonderful vintage finds at Ruby Slipper on Sargent. found more goodies at Value Village on Ellice and the furniture thrift on Keewatin and had time to pop into Gale's Wholesale on route 90!
but then i realized that this little happenstance was just between me and the path.
First up, is the I Love Your Blog award.
Stout.... lager?
Once Upon a time in a cedar scented world, hope existed. It's development over time, gradual, piece by piece, served generally in the form of gifts.
279 1. “Thursday Afternoons.” Kameshwar C. Wali, ed., S. Chandrasekhar: The Man Behind the Legend (London: Imperial College Press, 1997), pp. 122-29. (Sources: Item C-1996(2), above, Item D-VIII/31/1995, below.) See Items C-1997(12) and E-I/29/1999, below.
That's right; I had wrangled an exclusive interview about a month or so ago with the star of this ground-breaking movie.
Prayers work miracles, especially on Christmastime!
But writing a school story was actually a lot of fun! School is rife with drama and scene potential—think locker room showers, lunch times, classroom pranks . . .
Foster Wheeler North America Signs Licensing Agreement With Wuxi Huaguang Boiler 12
His mouth is completely dry but he refuses to stop. It takes forever but they finally see the Gate in the distance. It should be a relief but it’s not. It’s just the end—an exclamation point on the events of the last few days. He keeps his eyes on the Gate as it grows bigger, focuses on keeping his breathing even. But it’s hard, every breath is forced. The finality of the whole situation hits him like a Mack truck. It crushes insides until all there is left is the pain.
With the boy I wanted Finlay, nope, he wanted Jack and that's what it is, Jack's low level disgruntled we didn't give him a middle name, he thinks we just couldn't be arsed but we couldn't find one that went.
It is April, and the cherry blossoms are blooming here in Japan!
Overnight Wash
November 15, 2011 was International/National Bundt Day! After making 30 Bundts in 30 Days (see them here), I invited you to make a bundt to celebrate! And, boy, did you!
almost 4 decades and retired two years ago. At the Lunar & Planetary Science Conferences presented papers titled The Cosmic Clock, The Cycle of Terrestrial Mass Extinctions and The Great Permian Extinction Debate. At the International Planetary Defense Conference presented the following papers: Comet and Asteroid Threat Impact Analysis, Comet Threat Mitigation Approaches & Challenges, and Impact Disaster Preparedness Planning. At the International Conference on Global Warming and the Next Ice Age sponsored by Los Alamos National Laboratory presented papers titled The Relationship between Cosmic Rays and Hurricanes and The Art of Forecasting Extreme Weather Events. Storminess Analysis described in the last paper was used twice thus far to forecast the intensity of upcoming Atlantic Hurricane Seasons and the United States Tornado Seasons. As those seasons came to a close, the demonstrated accuracy of this predictive tool is presently at 100%.
I mean, what’s new in a print newspaper? Nothing. Zip. Nada. Except perhaps the ads. It’s really a flyer, not a newspaper.
So I was like ok, that would be fun. (not exactly what I said but you get the gist).
Spread the love with free vow renewals this weekend! Couples can check in at the front gate shortly before 11:00 am to sign up for the vow renewals and will receive a special renewal document. Wine tasting and a grape stomp are open for couples or singles to partake in all weekend as well!
October 18 Milwaukee, WI The Eagles Club
Ah, these peeps don't like change much do they? It appears the awards are taking place at the MGM Grand in Vegas again and that the hosts are Reba and Blake-something or another. Last year I dubbed him "Man Host" so I may just stick with that again.
So TODAY was the big day!!!!!
I have to admit that stealing the troublesome hoodie from Jack and using it to frame Lee the thug Tyler’s murder (plus taking into account that he beat up Jack not so long ago) was a masterstroke on Emily’s part. Did I feel bad that Lee was going to be punished for a crime he didn’t commit? Morally, I probably should’ve but I just couldn’t sympathise with him all that much to be honest.
The beer finishes with a crisp, satisfyingly bitter finish. Overall, it was a refreshing and very drinkable beer and one that I can see myself having again.
Pirlo was not the only astute signing made by Juventus last summer, though, his fellow midfielder Arturo Vidal arriving from Bayer Leverkusen for €10.5m and going on to become the team’s key ball-winner, winning more tackles per game (5.4) than anyone e lse in the division. Mirko Vucinic, signed for €15m from Roma, drove fans to distraction with his selfishness in possession and tendency to disappear from games, yet also scored a string of crucial goals. His was the strike which set Juventus on the way to victory after just six minutes on Sunday.
Scott Mitchell
The Scarlet Pimpernel (Leslie Howard)
The Russian Orthodox Church is not known for its openness to ecumenism. It shows no interest in intercommunion agreements with Anglican bodies that from a Russian Orthodox point of view are heretical. If an Anglican body wishes to have improved relations with the Russian Orthodox Church, it must fully embrace Orthodoxy. This has been the position of Russian Orthodox Church since the Non-Jurors made overtures to that Church in the seventeenth century.
Her experience is not uncommon. As a writer, it’s hard to be objective of one’s own work. A fresh set of eyes—an experienced set of eyes—is always helpful.
On the way home, we checked up on my favourite termite mound to see if it had grown in one year. I think it has defintely grown taller, and the base seems broader.
I may not agree with his politics in Washington, but I approve of his sand politics on the beach. For once, I was proud tha he was my Prez. I wonder what Laura was thinking when she that footage?
It seems that a few days ago I looked at my calendar and September was just ending. How is it almost December? The one thing I systematically look forward to at this time of year is waiting for the first real snow fall. You know, that moment when the skies become white and fluffy, the city quiets down, and thick cotton-like fluffs fall from above in calming streaks? I might not love it as much come February, or March.. or April! but in December it has to be one of the most beautiful scenes nature has to offer.
“Going for the other one, are you?” she said, turning to face him. “What do you want now?”
This last one is really important. Let me say that I am a BIG fan of happy endings. I will not try and explain or defend that. It’s who I am as a reader. I want the Good Guys (and Gals) to come out on top and the Bad Guys (and Gals) to go up in an immensely satisfying explosion. Part of my job as a writer is to make sure that who I am as a reader doesn’t interfere with what I’m writing.
At this point in my dating life, when it usually comes to an end, I don’t see it. I hate the finality of ending a “future” with a potential partner. I build this whole fantasy around him and it’s difficult to let it go. In (many) moments of insanity, I try to convince myself that I will eventually have my dream of the monogamous relationship, the one where I will have the opportunity to say “I love you” while we look into each other’s eyes.
Relative poverty, or low income, in the UK is 60% or less of the average (median) British household income in that year, measured after income tax, national insurance, council tax, rents, mortgage interest, buildings insurance and water charges have been deducted. It's therefore based on what a household has to spend on everything else it needs, from food, clothing, light and heating to travel and entertainment.
we have each friend … for a reason
What I most resent is the attitude of some people that teachers should just do what we are told and love what we do just because we get to do it. The ignorance of non-educators about the depth and complexity of teaching others is mind-boggling. The attitude that any adult who has ever held the hand of a child can teach them to read, write, sing or even calculus is insulting. But we the teachers all know better.
For Warmaster, same as above. In fact, something that looks really nice is to put the troop in the double base in different positions throughout the unit. A unit is 3 stands in Warmaster. Imagine the unit in line, with the bases arranged like this:
These are all intended to whitewash the crime, intended to make it okay for Trayvon Martin to be dead, intended to make it okay for George Zimmerman to have shot him - because in these people's minds it can't be wrong for a white guy to have killed a black kid.
“Vitals good.”
A few months ago my last free pair of Vans developed a hole in the sole. I went tremblingly in to shops to source myself some new trainers (sneakers/pumps as they used to be called before branding). I came out with two pairs and a dent in my credit card.
I work as hard as anyone,
Chocolate Weetabix and Tea
I used a bit of old book paper behind the Hambly transparency and a few scraps of different quilled papers to form the bouquet. Don't forget, if you have a card to share using this month's Sampler challenge photo or a layout using the sketch, you still have time to link them up.
To Live (Yuan Du)
Did I mention that we found out we were pregnant right about the time we bought the house? So we now have a toddler, a baby on the way, 50+ acres of un-navigable mountainside and a 100+ year-old house. Surely not a recipe for disaster, right? But, lest you forget, we are delusional at this point. Deliriously delusional. We are ecstatic about our dream come true. Sure, we’ll take 3 pregnant cows – they’re called heifers – fancy that. They should be due the same time I am – woo hoo!
fuzzy, awkward, adorable, tiny birds that slept on their
Imagine trying to write a book in Arabic or Cantonese and your mother tongue is firmly English. This is what it is like for writers who are forced into exile. Not only must they learn a new language but if they cannot suppress their desire to write then they must also try to create fiction in their adopted language.
AND WOMEN LIKE JOANNA KRUPA - A POLISH-AMERICAN - MIGHT BE HAVE BEEN CONSIGNED TO SECOND-CLASS EXISTENCE UNDER A BURQA AND UNDER ISLAMO-MISOGYNISTIC SHARIA LAW.
I was wearing for the first time this really cute rainjacket, with raindrop print! hihi, also has a little cap on the hood. Really adorably stupid looking. And the jacket was only 9e in H&M when i bought it. Cheap. Oh, Elina has one too. As long as we don't meet accidently wearing the same jacket, everything is fine. And if we will be wearing, which is a total no no, i would, um.. die? hha, just kidding, cause i'm so funny, again kidding, well change. Ok, end.
Move It Momma Tip:
And now here I was, lying on my couch at home, feeling that same cold fear and knowing that it could easily happen to me. Again.
More life insurance companies emerged following World War II, and the number eventually peaked at 2,343 in 1988. It has fallen steadily since, primarily due to mergers and acquisitions. With an aging sales force and a penchant for targeting the affluent market at the expense of a neglected middle market, the U.S. life insurance industry currently finds itself trying to reverse a scary trend. LIMRA’s well-publicized 2010 report revealed that only 44% of U.S. households have individual life insurance coverage — a 50-year low.
He has always stuck to his values.
I like an early start on saturdays. cappuccino at a coffee shop + reading vanity fair. lazy grocery shopping, then flipping through cookbooks - they're my kind of poetry. cardamon buns, apple triffle, lemon mousse. this reminds me of the episode of satc when carrie tells aleksandr 'can I read you a little bit of my favourite poetry?...'
These market and legal factors are combining to help companies like State Life knock down another barrier, this one among producers themselves. Many see long-term care as too difficult to sell because of the ‘use it or lose it’ proposition – you have to use the policy to see any benefit from it.
to ring. A single robin
The 18-year-old Eagle Scout and captain of the high school track team rose to his feet – and walked out – passing by hundreds of other students who were cheering the anti-bullying advocate’s profanity-laced rant.
To be honest, most of the meeting went way over my head. I think you need to have at least one party under your belt to understand most of what was said, but it was still enjoyable. I also won a candle :)
She was pushing me back,
The ‘underpantal region’ was a widely-accepted medical term in parts of Europe until the 1980s. In Germany it was known as ‘die zonenuntergarment’ and in France as ‘le districte de controlle merde’.
The city, for the first time in its long history, is destructible. A single flight of planes no bigger than a wedge of geese can quickly end this island fantasy, burn the towers, crumble the bridges, turn the underground passages into lethal chambers, cremate the millions. The intimation of mortality is part of New York now; in the sounds of jets overhead, in the black headlines of the latest editions.
Babygenseren er en UFO som bare manglet montering. Nå er den strøket av lista. Den er strikket i 100% merinoull.
The group of six people appeared to be working their way toward the farm-house. Pete decided to change tactics. He turned and circled back around the machine shed in the direction of the house where the rifles and his sons and son-in-law now slept. Pete realized that he didn’t have a moment to spare.
Scott Nichols: This sort of thing happens all of the time in games, but usually only with mechanics. Fighting games and online shooters are constantly tweaked due to fan feedback, and last year Uncharted 3′s aiming mechanics were changed after overwhelming fan outcry. But this is the first time I can think of that this has happened with a game’s plot or narrative.
The robin built a little nest on top of the wreath and even used a piece of card board for a side wall!!!
by saying a lot about it because I think the work speaks for itself.
Argh! I jinxed us!
Anything making you queasy or sick? Feeling nauseous everyday for most of the day.
But what if you really just like building? At some point, we each have to make a choice about what it is that we enjoy and value, and construct our own hierarchies. Of course there will always be chains of command, with a boss-figure directing subordinates, with one person overseeing other people’s work because that person has the broader picture. But we need to separate that functional structure from our own conception of the value of what we do.
Yesterday, my beloved Skull Ring was destroyed. I had just gotten it stretched to the point where it would fit (almost) comfortably on the middle finger of my right hand. I had been wearing it nearly every day for the last 3 or 4 months. It had become a regular part of my daily attire.
In terms of work I am trying to remember that it is my JOB, not my LIFE. My students are very important to me but the world is not going to end if I take a few weeks to mark their essays. My colleagues are not going to shout at me if I reply to an email the next day (Bye bye emails to phone), and if they do SO WHAT?
The shadowy forms of men and horses, looming, large-sized,
'Petra then spun around in the Louboutin heels, snapped her fingers and disappeared in a shower of glitter and sparkles.
Tounge Attachement: Tower Icecream Tounge- Razzberry
BoBunny Et Cetera Combo Sticker Sheet
Yesterday, I happened to be reading another speech by Cardinal Griffin, called “The Purpose of Marriage.” Delivered at a meeting of the Catholic Parents’ Association at Westminster Cathedral Hall on 11 January 1948, this address was given in response to a case that had just been heard in the House of Lords (Baxter v Baxter, 1947), in which one of the parties in a marriage (Mrs Baxter) had argued non-consummation because her husband had used a condom during the conjugal act. The Lords, overturning the traditional understanding of consummation, ruled that true consummation of a marriage was possible even when the husband used a contraceptive sheath.
We had been discussing the difficulty of radical LGBT protests and harsh insistence on their rights. I support their goals - perhaps even all of them. I'm not sure.
They miss their dad, and mum gets upset easily.
Yummy chocolate covered oreos – everyones favourite! Adorable printable fancy labels are also included in this collection. I also used this printable fancy labels and gift tags on all of Mackenzie’s presents. It turned out to be an adorable detail!
It’s now three months since my original heart failure diagnosis and nothing is happening. I can’t even get the echo-cardiogram I was supposed to be getting. All I do get is ever-increasing pain and disability and I have to tell you, in all honesty, I’m getting very close to the edge here… And that’s not melodrama, I mean that, most sincerely. My life has come down to two seats – the chair it which I work at my computer, when I’m able, and the one in which I sleep. And that’s no life at all.
Last week’s post about chemical controls for grubs mentioned that one of the controls might be implicated in colony collapse disorder, a disease that affects honeybees. Two separate studies, one conducted in France and the other in Britain, had their outcomes published in the journal Science. Both studies concluded that honeybees were being harmed by a class of pesticide known as neonicotinoids. You can read a short summary of this research here from the New York Times, or a more detailed summaries of the research here from Science itself.
Another client is working on a “relationship project” (her spiritual work). One day, while in a large grocery store she suddenly became aware of every man in the store, knowing who they were on a deep level. It was a lot of information.
SAVE THE DATE: SEPTEMBER 16, 2011On September 16, 2011, the Road Runners Club of America will promote the 6th Annual RUN@WORK Day nationwide. Company-based wellness programs, human resources departments, running clubs, running events, running shoe stores, and individuals nationwide are encouraged to plan fun runs and walks around the country with their employers.
If Rick Remender sees that atypical version of Captain Britain as some kind of 'classic Brian' I can well see that we're not going to get along. And I feel pretty certain that he's going to piss off a lot of Captain Britain fans with it, too.
LINK TO YOUR POST NOT YOUR BLOG
But what do we mean when we speak of “the imitation of Christ”? I believe it means different things to different people. Perhaps none gets the complete picture.
“Oh, hell, yes.” she came back very quickly; “But not until after I was thirty.”
What: More than 40 Food Bloggers across Los Angeles come together to bake their favorite treats from their blogs to raise money for Share Our Strength in the 2nd Annual Food Blogger Bake Sale, to help the fight against childhood hunger in America!
Rating: 1.5 Stars - Not My Kind of Book
1) Certainty/Comfort
So, all 12 ladies who left comments please send me your address at elisaphotoscrap at gmail dot com by Wednesday, May16:
1 Tbsp. sugar, divided
Finish: Short with the flavours of the palate and dying to dry oak.
5. Shape into a round or square.
Is drowning in their tears,
"A cheerful heart is good medicine,but a broken spirit saps a person’s strength."
Featured Blazer: Michael Kors
I used Nubar Green Tea for the base and striped on China Glaze 2030 for the gold accents and then used a black nail striper on top for the stripes. And of COURSE they bled. I have to get a new Sally Hansen Mega Shine top coat since this one is thickening and making my polish bleed :( But its not that noticeable in person.
However, the next time the defendants will be less attractive, they will be less wealthy and less able to defend themselves, but no less white. They will have have at least touched the woman, she will be credible and there will be DNA. Just wait and see.
And……make sure you grill enough hot dogs for everyone on the team!
The newspaper analyzed ICE's data, then obtained three years' worth of records from the jail — totaling more than 250,000 bookings between 2009 and 2011 — and found that:
Meanwhile, the Youth Night was a hit!!! We watched a Louie Giglio talk, How Great is our God. Then we played a really fun game afterward and hung out. The kids had a blast and so did we...the adults. It was a great night. Hoping to share more as we go on.
weight: 20.7 lbs (4th percentile)
The honor of the title, RPG Site of The Year, is partnered with a list of spectacular prizes. I definitely want to express my gratitude for the sponsors of Stuffer’s Shack contest. Q-Workshop provided five sets of their amazing dice, which can be conveniently held in the dice bag provided by Dragon Chow. Long-time readers of the blog will recall that I interviewed the creator of Dragon Chow, Lindsay Peters, last year. And I also reviewed the custom Iddy the Lich dice bag she created for me.
Raging Feminist - 100 "you go girl" points vs Nasty Sexual Molester - 0
That might be ok if they had a history of good management.
As you sail the sea to your destination
Soundtrack/Score: 7/10
Coat, Via Spiga. Hat, Nine West. Boots, Target. Scarf, gift. Gloves, Walmart. Sweater, Forever 21. Turtleneck, Merona. Jeans, Express. Pumps, Wet Seal. Scarf, from the hippie store in the Dayton mall.
Ed scores The Krotons with a generous 2/10. Explaining one point is for Patrick Troughton and the other is for Zoe's skirt. We discuss briefly how there are so many missing stories especially from Troughton's era and yet this remains. I gave The Krotons 0.5/10 which is the lowest score I have yet given; beating even The Web Planet which I gave 1/10. I didn't like that one but at least it had some sort of originality to it. I finish our little fest by stating, "I almost wish it was lost." Ed laughs, but I don't.
John's latest book (coming in August from David Fickling Books) is Muddle and Win, and I've been lucky enough to read an early copy. It's somewhat of a departure for John, being for a younger reader than is his normal audience. John is one of our finest writers today, I think, and this book is a deep, dark and many-layered work of the imagination as well as being very funny. Yet again, he's made me ponder and wonder about the very personal conflicts between good and evil within ourselves. He's also made me wish for my own personal Muddlespot devil (possibly without the addition of brass hammer and gloopy bloody bits). Which seems like the perfect time to hand you over to John himself to tell you about:
“And if I refuse?”
When I first started making cakes, one of my original supporters was my friend John (of the joint birthday WoW cake). He was the first to suggest that I should get my own cake business, and he wanted it to be called Mmm Tasty. If I do open my own business one day, I'll stick with Rainy Day Cakes... but thanks for the enthusiasm John! This cake was a birthday cake for his mom, and John's only requirement was that it be purple. This is one of the first times I made a vanilla chocolate chip cake. I'm sure I'll talk a lot more about the flavour in the future, as it is still one of my favourites!
In a short time I was able to create three pages. The kits are INCREDIBLE, and they leave NO MESS on your desk!
Quite simply, I will place an ad tile sized 125 x 600 pixels at the bottom of a blog post with the words "This blog post brought to you by ..." above the ad tile, which will link to the advertiser's site. The content of the post is not obligated in any way to be associated with the ad's focus.
1) temporarily distract myself from worrying about my NCLEX results
Good Afternoon Everyone, Ive just been interrupted by Ian bringing Missy home and she was wet, muddy and guess what weve just had to do, yes youve got it "Bath Her" not that she was to happy about it buts shes a lot cleaner and smells lovely. Now shes running around like a looney rubbing herself along the walls and furniture. Anyway I thought for a change I would create a card not that I will be entering it in the TPS Challenge but as Ive been rather quiet this week I felt I ought to make an effort and make a card.
archy
“No, that’s not how it works. I make the appointment!”
So my friend Catherine has great style. I always find myself copying her without meaning too, but hopefully she finds it flattering...after all imitation is the sincerest form of flattery, right? Well, first she got me obsessed with scarves. My wardrobe is somewhat basic, without a lot of patterns. I never understood how much pizazz a scarf can give a plain outfit! But now she has me addicted to nail polish. I have always had a love of makeup, but in the past I have never really made time for my nails. I think that is going to change! I just feel like anything you can do to make yourself feel pretty and boost your self-esteem is a good thing. I'm not saying that someone needs makeup and a manicure to be beautiful. However, taking care of yourself (including your outer appearance) is very healthy in my opinion.
I was intending to post the article below, entitled “Multicultural Suicide” by Alan Caruba, when it was first published on 13 February 2011, but then one thing led to the next, and before I could say “Zuma” another week had zoomed by with such swift hastiness, that I can hardly believe it is Friday already!
Today I spoke to Dr McDowell, who was so lovely. He needed to check with me Shaun's history, all the different things we tried regarding both the trigeminal neuralgia as well as the Aterial Venus Malformation....& believe me we have tried anything we heard of all over the country. I told him that I have spoken to Dr Vinnie Khurana, who is the only person who has opened Shaun's head and seen inside, who was at Canberra Hospital but is sadly now at Royal Melbourne, whom we happily travel to see. We discussed the long term options none are very comforting. We have some very hard decisions to make once Shaun is well....rather I should say, that Shaun has to make....it must be his decision.
I’ll be keeping that in mind as I sit in that first morning of class, bright and early on Monday.
Again, you can just do with the above suggestions. But I´d like to have some different looking skirmishers.
Instead I will be a snail. A slow and steady snail, taking big big steps,
These two drawings have been done by Laia and Neus. Great job by everyone in this school and to Vladimir Bagrov for coordinating the Project for this Country. We are delighted to have Andorra included.
I have layered dark purple ribbon over a lighter purple one, which suits the Top Tip Tuesday criteria of 2 or more ribbons, etc. The flowers are cut with a CB die, and covers the challenge over at Dutch Dare Card Challenge (Bingo - ribbon, flowers, die cuts). They are then embossed and inked with charcoal chalk ink. To finish, they are topped with grey buttons tied with grey embroidery floss.
Hicks says that her dad, legendary David Hicks, advised never hanging photographs. Hence the shelves. She does have her black-and-white pictures grouped together, but otherwise India seems to prove that, in decorating, flair trumps the rules.
I continue reading "More," my arm warmed by 32A's; but it's hard to concentrate on 150 Best Fall Looks Under $250 and Why the Recession is Good for Women when my brain is vacillating between images of death by sudden impact and the boggling perks of life as a B-seater.
When describing economic events, it is important that students, observers and practitioners avoid two common pitfalls. Theories and analyses often make statements regarding the cause and effect of events. Two of the most common mistakes are the post hoc fallacy and the fallacy of composition.
I want more understanding and empathy, more connection, more time, more experimenting and I want some things in life to slooooow the hell down. When I communicate I want to take my time and consider all possibilities. I want meaning to be conveyed effectively and when it is not conveyed, I want a second chance at it, please. I want the chance to say 'I'm sorry, you misunderstood me.' or 'I'm sorry but I really came across badly there. What I really meant to say was...' Can we please rewind?
.: I can never read all the books I want; I can never be all the people I want and live all the lives I want. I can never train myself in all the skills I want. And why do I want? I want to live and feel all the shades, tones and variations of mental and physical experience possible in life. And I am horribly limited :.
Now Caitlin Kelly’s are bloody everywhere! There was even another one living for a while in my suburban New York town of only 10,000 people. When I once airily asked my mortgage company to look something up under my name, lists of them appeared. Ouch!
net fabric for the year: -30 yards ~used~
Shari’a law tells them to.
6. Caffeine contains a large amount of chemicals, including polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (carcinogens)
There is a very old man fallen on the ground,
If you accept the expectations of others, especially negative ones, then you NEVER will change the outcome. (Michael Jordan)
Grief is not a gentle slope. It does not start at the top (or the bottom) and gradually diminish. It comes in peaks and valleys. And sometimes it comes when one least expects it. I was okay for a couple of days, successfully bypassing the minefields of memory — I’ve learned what of our things bring me comfort and what brings me pain – but then yesterday the grief spiked, and it’s as it was in the beginning.
There were neither beds nor mattresses and nearly the whole camp population had to sleep on the bare ground, which was damp most of the time.
12. Come And Get It
Speaking to journalists from the Presidency where the Salvation Army was loading the last of Thabo Mbeki's belongings into a van, spokeswoman Clitoris Labuschagne said that just because Tshabalala-Msimang would not have any specific responsibilities, it didn't mean that she would have no responsibilities whatsoever.
my emotions make
for one person.
And now to Introduce one of our newest artists, you may recognize her work as she was our guest designer at Stampotique in October of last year.
Peel and devein shrimp, leaving the tails on. Butterfly each shrimp along the outside curve (cut almost all the way through). Open shrimp flat and place butterflied-side down in a greased or parchement lined 15-in. x 10-in. x 1-in. baking pan.
Many license applications are denied, particularly for blacks and others who wish to own self-defense firearms. The Central Firearms Registry (CFR) refuses to say what actually constitutes a good “motivation” for a self-defense firearm. Instead, applications are rejected with the terse verdicts “lack of motivation” or “insufficient need.”
We had driven by that park the day before and it is a big park, it seemed very peaceful and a nice place to walk. The Club has rooms for visitors and a restaurant (besides all the other amenities we didn’t use).
And my desperate need for and yet complete lack of temporary solitude has me feeling like an exposed nerve ending.
the feet both with slightly knobbly big toes from an early onset of arthritis rheumatism deformity or general inherited knobbliness and crooked middle toes from goodness knows what seemed to provide several means of keeping occupied to whit a verruca on the underside of the right foot slightly sore to the touch could be investigated and poked and prodded to provide interesting sensations and in the hopes that it might go away
Here is a strange photoshoot from Interview Magazine, which shows an abusive relationship between a nurse and patient.
I have over 22,000 photos on my computer and I have been spending all of my computer time making sure I have them all on discs and trying to free up some space.
THE CABIN IN THE WOODS is the movie that Scream 4 should have been. Not literally, of course, but instead of simply falling back on decade-old tricks, I wish Scream 4 had the inventiveness, fun, and frights of THE CABIN IN THE WOODS, a tremendously good time of a horror movie that’s much less about being some kind of meta-commentary on horror movies as it is a deepening of the horror movie mythos.
And I wish you’d never have existed.
We are all in danger of becoming captives to the world’s views…but we have the opportunity to remain free in Christ. In John 8:36 Jesus says “So if the Son sets you free, you will be free indeed.” Don’t allow the world’s ways to recapture you!
The band rules are there for different reasons, some to help with weight loss others to aid in keeping the band happy and healthy. I realize each patient has received a somewhat unique list of dos and don'ts from their doctor, but many of the guidelines are the same.
about a little girl getting her very first library card.
Well answers to those questions will surely be given by politicians and sociologist but something which one knows and had a personal experience is the influence of american movies and its show and adding to the toping is its music industry. Americans have been able to pursue themselves as the loved ones at least that is what most of us think, unaware of the politics.
That is a very decent thought, but is not much help when it comes to people who really do not care whether the German judicial system sees them as good or bad, because they have a whole different value system — namely that of Islam. Islam presents us as “infidels” and motivates to violence against us. You cannot do away with this kind of thinking with a boat trip and a whack on the butt. It is deeply rooted and blocks out any intervention by do-gooders.
named Sheila, always running on
So yes, I had a wonderful day, I was planning on going to the beach too but it was very windy so we decided against it. The weathers getting better, but the wind is still bitter cold. Will get back some day soon so I can do everything I had planned.:)
And now we can look forward to a season of breeding. Let’s hope the parents both survive this year, and that the chicks won’t have to be taken in for rearing.
She was a young girl with no formal education living five years in england. How did she support her livelihood for 5 years? Any wild guesses?
The 2 tones of an idling PSK31 signal were seen to be -6dB below the level of the 100W single tone, indicating the PEP was still 100W. The 3rd order IPs were measured to be -26.1dB below either tone, or -32.1dB below PEP. Even at 100W the IC718 is "reasonably" clean, but this is probably still a little too high a level of IMD to use on 20m or 40m when the PSK31 section is very crowded. It's still much better than many of the signals that can be observed off-air though!.
Chocolate Caramel Oaties
A couple of days ago, we shared another special moment in the kitchen together. This time we made muffins. Yes, as you’ll see from the pictures below, my little guy decided he’d wear his pajamas for the event. Oh, how he loves his pajamas! And they’re Christmas pajamas. :0)
Tonight’s the bonfire rally
7. Ever been kissed under fireworks? yes
It is now also the GSLP, with our Liberal partners, who are introducing Workers Memorial Day as an annual bank holiday. As the grandson of a man who died in an industrial accident, it has been hugely satisfactory for me to introduce this commemorative holiday as a long weekend at the end of April. I recognise the work of Unite (in particular Gilbert McCarthy and Christian Duo) in raising the profile of this day.
Gordie Howe had always been great. He had the hands to score, the elbows and attitude to command the corners, and the fists to embarrass anyone foolish enough to take him on. He was 36.
A choice of prize for everyone, writers and readers alike.
The glass box the enclosed the fire extinguisher gave 0% by severely cutting Amare Stoudemire’s left hand.
The Gallery Hotel is a charming boutique hotel that offers full English Breakfast, in a good neighborhood ½ a block from the Natural History Museum, also right around the corner is the V&A and the Science Museum. It is also close enough to many good restaurants, the South Kensington Underground station, ATM machines, and some nice shops. We had booked a triple room which was on the backside of the hotel, and was quiet, except for when one evening a rather heavy footed person checked in upstairs (but it was only that one night that was noisy). The hotel had some pros and some cons..our room was not the nicest, as I peeked in a few that were very elegant looking, ours did not even have light bulbs when we first walked in (almost on the shabby side)! The breakfast room was understaffed and disorganized, though breakfast was hot and delicious when served. The daytime concierge had a bit of a bad attitude, but the evening staff was wonderfully good natured and helpful! The butlers were friendly, polite and doted on my son. The bathtub was wonderful and the water was scalding hot - definitely a plus!!!! And, best of all was the computer available for the guests to use.
For example, in one game I had a Mothership, two Carriers, and two Void Rays—in total, a very small force. My opponent had a much larger ground army of Marines, Marauders, Hellions, Tanks, and Vikings. After he began an unstoppable attack on my expansion, I sent the air force into his main base. Even though my opponent managed to wipe out my expansion completely, he resigned because his main base was indefensible. I had a Warp Prism with me and warped in 7 Stalkers into the enemy base as well.
Lexie: Lexie tries to get Derek to offer his opinion on Mark and Julia possibly moving in together. He initially shuts her down, insisting on the attending/resident dynamic (yeah, right), but in the middle of surgery decides to tell her that if she is serious about Mark to tell him that she has feelings. He circles it back though, insisting that if she’s not sure, she should leave Mark be, as he is happy with Julia, even if we, the viewers, never see it. At hour’s end, Lexie opts not to say anything. And… seriously… either have Lexie move on or say something, it’s been going on for way too long now!
You want serious literature? This isn't it. Mr. Darcy Takes a Wife is pure candy, and I have to say I haven't had as much plain fun reading a book in quite a while. Heaving bosoms and all.
Think about this… if we have a few too many carbs and our pants feel 10 times tighter than they did last week, we’re aware of it. So, why get a second opinion? You know why… in hopes that somebody will feel too bad to tell the truth. Oh how we love having others to encourage our denial.
Paterson received a B.A. in History from Columbia University in 1977 and a law degree from Hofstra Law School in 1983. After law school, he went to work for the Queens District Attorney’s Office, but did not pass the New York bar examination, and did not become an Attorney at law. He attributed his failing the New York bar to insufficient accommodation for his visual impairment, and has since advocated for changes in bar exam procedures.
What kinds of pleasures will virtual reality technology bring to future gamers? When I ponder this question, I think of “The Entertainment” from David Foster Wallace’s magnum opus Infinite Jest. “The Entertainment” is a film so pleasurable and so addictive that it leaves its viewers shaking, catatonic ash heaps of humanity. Will virtual reality have the same effect? Will advances in this technology create a world so pleasurable that we will never want to leave (this is a question eerily similar to the one posed in the film The Matrix)? Perhaps anticipating this problem, Microsoft’s newly patented virtual reality eyeglasses “may be at least partly transparent, so that the wearer can see external objects as well as the virtual display images… Microsoft’s take on this appears to be one that’s a little more realistic in that gamers could go deeper into the game while being able to see a part of their real world surroundings in the periphery.” There’s the very real threat that virtual reality will become so seductive that we’ll want to stay. Virtual reality could literally enable us to “block it all out.”
I have always feel that SF is universal, kind of like Star Trek’s philosophy of IDIC. Oh I am proven so wrong at times. What I have encountered are clear instances where only a select type (white, male, but mostly white) is allowed to write SF. Only that select type is allowed to publish.
This was a voluntary and optional prayer gathering. No one was forced to go. But the fascist Military Religious Freedom Foundation is frothing at the mouth that men and women who want to pray to Jesus Christ should be able to pray to Jesus Christ. They want to force people to not be allowed to pray as they will and to whom they will. These atheists want to force others to be like them.
It seems awkward saying this.
I am sick and so piled up in homework and exams so haven't had much time for blogging lately but I wanted to do a look. I am happy that my math exam was easy. I desaturated the pics in order to get rid of alot of yellow tones from the lighting which kinda got rid of some other colors like the teal Birds & Berries which I have been wearing every day lately. I loved the look though.
You say, “Oh, I already buy organic free range chicken. I don’t buy chickens with antibiotics or hormones.“
Optional: sour cream for topping
Look for wanting in your life. Begin to notice it at work, at home, with your friends, with family and spouse. Notice it also in your sex life (or absence of one). Wanting has a heyday in the land of the libido. Next week, I will take a look at the power of sex and where sexuality and spirituality meet.
When I told the gentleman that I was American, his next question was, "From which city? New York or Los Angeles?" Too bad for the approximately 275 million other residents of the U.S. who, for this Frenchman, apparently do not count.
England’s World Cup campaign kicked off last night with an unconvincing 1-1 draw with the USA. There were some flashes of brilliance early on, but far too many mistakes, including a horrifying goalkeeping error from Robert Green which led to the equaliser. (Please read on: marketing-and-pr isn’t turning into a football-crazed blog, don’t panic!)
It’s easier the other way. Last night I finished reading a book and then happily went online and started researching stuff for my review. I didn’t read anything from that point on. I scanned and pasted the links into a Word document to read at my leisure later.
In the end, the Ambrosius is a fine beer, but to my taste, it doesn't come near the surprisingly crisp and refreshing levels that the Belgians hit, even with beers at that level of alcohol. Also, it's not bottle conditioned. Not a trace of yeast in the bottle, so I'm not sure I hold much hope for my remaining bottle developing much in the cellar. Time will tell.
Walking down the hall, she's every guy's dream
Businesses that offer luxury and fancy goods and services are the first to feel the effect of an economic downturn because during this time the purchasing power of most consumers is decreasing hence; people are prioritizing their expenditures as to what is really essential. Fancy and luxury goods and services are considered accessories or ornaments to show or emphasize an individual’s stature and status in society however, most of which have no practical purpose. Examples of goods and services under here are jewelry, luxury cars, mansions, expensive cuisine, expensive shoes and clothing, etc.; services like interior designing, spa services, 5-star to 7-star hotel accommodations, fancy restaurants, tours and many other services that people would most likely prefer not availing during financial restraints for practical reasons and would prefer doing it on their own instead when they can, to minimize expenses. On the other hand, businesses that cater mainly to the masses are in demand during an economic downturn because they offer goods and services that are practical at a reasonable price. This goes to show what the basic human needs are and the things we can live without. So maybe it is best to invest in both ends, one that will classify with the upper class and another that will serve the average and low income earners. This way the chance of surviving in the business industry is promising in case the economy falls at an unexpected rate because there is an alternative source of income from a business that can possibly make its way to the demands in the market.
- 'Un oiseau rare' is an expression to mean a unique and cool person, but it literally means 'a rare bird'. I like that a lot.
sourdough with garlic herbed butter
As you all know by now, I am not a huge fan of baking but when it comes to making brownies count me in totally. It is sooo easy to bake, I actually make brownies like every other day now. Brownies are chewy, cake-like cookies usually made with chocolate.
TORONTO — A study released Saturday suggests drivers in the Greater Toronto Area are willing to pay for alternatives to beat the gridlock.
On the other hand, there are published writers who feel fine about fan fiction – or even enthusiastic. Imagining new stories is a legitimate form of readerly pleasure, they argue; and once the book has been bought by a fan, it’s theirs to do with as they will. And, of course, it’s flattering to think that people like your imagination enough to want to spend more time there.
Now, here is what I’ve done with the knowledge of who I am. I know I was born this way, but we are all born with personal struggles. Some more than others. Those struggles can be anything between a drinking problem, a self-harm problem, a drug problem, or a lust problem(of all kinds.)
I trust you'll treat her well."
What are cardiology stethoscopes? Works in the same principle as any typical acoustic medical stethoscopes - only much more sophisticated. It operates using sound emitted from the chest piece and transmitting it to the earpiece. The chest piece has a diaphragm (plastic disc) or a bell (hollow cup) that is very sensitive to skin vibration that cause acoustic pressure waves to travel to the air-filled hollow tubes to the listening ear. However, most wholesale medical supplies types employ two sets of diaphragm on both sides of the chest piece to conveniently alternate between high and low frequency sounds whichever is applicable.
6. Whale Wars is a train wreck of a show and I just can't stop watching. Of course if I was younger and more insane, I'd so totally be participating.
1 small red onion, chopped
As one.
Not intended to disappoint any who might know me on a personal level ... but but if I were a cussing person ... that would be where I am tonight. Insurance is such a frustrating thing - but even more so, are the frustrating people in the government who truly mess us up, simply because they didn't do their job.
I have talked to Mr. Hill on several occasions sine then. Each time, it has been a pleasure. I've also stopped by my local Total Wine a few times to pick up some seasonal and single bottles of different brews which I have yet to try or review (I have so many to write about).
The downside of expat friendships is that people do move on, literally. Most English speakers I meet in Berlin are here for a couple of years, usually 5 at most. I meet very few people who are 'here for good'. Unless they have married a German that is. Some people struggle with the temporary nature of these friendships. But, it's not so bad. With Facebook and the internet in general, blogs included, it is much easier to keep in touch with people wherever they are in the world.
(I open her door and out falls her bag.)
Tag, Journaling Cards, Flower Layers : Madame Boutique Collectibles by Kaiser Craft
Morgen: Are your books available as eBooks? Do you read eBooks or is it paper all the way?
Well a platoon is a group of military members that usually consist of around 40 people.
When Jena was five and Tati six, they discovered a portal to the magical Other Kingdom in their bedroom. Since then, the sisters have crossed over every full moon, to dance the night away at Dancing Glade with the fey. The rest of the time, they’re normal girls with lessons to learn and chores to do. But then the girls’ father gets sick. He heads off to spend the winter in warmer climes, and as soon as he leaves, things start to go wrong in both the Other Kingdom and our world. The mysterious Night People arrive in the Other Kingdom, and to Jena’s horror, Tati falls in love with one of them. Equally horrifying – in our world, the girls’ bossy, bullying cousin Cezar arrives to take charge – and he seems to be paying much too much attention to Jena. With Tati busy pining away over her love Sorrow, it’s up to Jena – with the help of her best friend Gogu – to stop both worlds from falling apart.
2. Someone who reads 1 story in a month is regarded as equal to someone who reads 100
When Sarah Palin was assassinated by the Abecedarians (Gnostic Illuminatis who go to extremes), Kisisnger has her immediately cloned. He was infatuated with her; he knew Obama was selected for the Preidency but they needed a clone should she be chosen for the next President in the future. He had several clones of her made, one for him to “play” with — that is, he transfers his soul into her clone for a few hours and stands in front of a mirror, naked.
Then I had kids, and that all changed. I realized that the questions Just. Don't. Stop.
4. Add in the cornflour. Cook until a bit thicker.
Strawberry and Vanilla Jam
I went to a beer festival. It was in Didsbury in Manchester. It was very good. There were other beer bloggers there. I spotted the Real Ale Girl at the bar, looking pissed and lairy, but could not say hello whilst still in the closet, no matter how fit her mate was or how pissed me and my mates were. It felt wrong, whilst I was still living this lie, whilst I hadn’t a proper pongy ale blog of my own.
I know I’ve had some real whoppers in my time – dreams that seemed so realistic that I genuinely found it hard to believe that they weren’t, in fact, real. Hell, just yesterday I jerked awake from a nap because something in my dream reminded me of a lost jacket. I was actually staring into my closet, scratching my head and wondering, when I realized that the jacket actually existed only in the “reality” of yet another dream.
Quirky, awkward, corny. I enjoyed the commercials leading up to the reveal of who/what was the WGSW but everything since then has been a disappointment.
In the final great battle recorded in Israel’s conquest narrative, Joshua’s leadership faces a final test after achieving equal measures of success and failure at Jericho and Ai. His leadership had once again failed him during his initial experience with the Gibeonites, which resulted in a binding peace treaty with a people Yahweh had marked for destruction. When Gibeon is threatened, Joshua’s bold and immediate response proves that he is a powerful and decisive leader who commands the armies of Israel to victory with Yahweh at his side. In this battle, Yahweh does not simply fight for Israel; the God of Israel hears Joshua’s voice and follows his lead. When even Yahweh follows this man, how could anyone in Israel ever question his leadership? He moves on from this victory as a faithful and successful leader who completes the conquest and leads Israel into the Promised Land.
“Oh.” was all I could muster up as a reply.
The Council of Michigan Foundations made this possible - and their staff and members (independent, corporate, and community foundations) have vetted and beta-tested the tools.
So it's been awhile since I last posted. Been so long that Blogger has dramatically changed their dashboard and I feel a little lost writing this. Hopefully I'll get the hang of it again. Life's never-ending rush has prevented me from posting since December as well as reading many of the great blogs on this blog roll. I have managed to stay in the loop as far as new releases by picking up some packs here and there as well as continue to pick up some off-condition vintage along the way. I plan on getting back to posting more as well as trading. I do miss a good trade.
Sorry for the long post, but hopefully I've helped one or two of you! What skin care products do you find work for you?
A leaked Cabinet paper in Malaysia Today revealed sordid details of the corruption scandal. The stink from the Port Klang Free Zone scandal reeked up to the highest levels of government. Sarawak’s own Tiong King Sing remained buried up to his neck in the scandal, but still defiant.
“Yes?”
Thank you for popping by and hope you are having an awesome week :)
But don't worry! Despite the imminent expiration of my eyeballs I still bring you a profound and deeply important post today. A post which may one day be looked back upon as a landmark in the history of the Western world. A post which could change the course of life as we know it.
for commenting,
Isn't learning fun, kids?
Me: Yes, He’s watching over us but He’s also praying for us. Right now, He’s praying that each of us will open our hearts to Him, love and obey Him.
The funniest part was when Gabriel stuck a frog down the back of my shirt Ginny and Cody left the reception and returned 10 minutes later ready to party some more. They just did it all for the pictures. Actually, that is rather smart.
Wooden coffee tables are usually very sturdy and durable. If you don't have room for a large television stand, convertible wood coffee tables more than serve the purpose. Because the height is adjustable, they can be made higher to serve the function as a small buffet or dining table. These are the perfect solution for couples or families that can't afford a large home.
We can't wait to see the AMAZING projects that you wonderful crafter's create!
Pretending we are all the same because you prefer lazy education is fraud.
And our hearts, though stout and brave,
Thanks so much to Ashli for letting me get nosy and cozy in her home today!
I don’t think we are here to submit to God so much as to partner with Him to live our lives in such a way as to reflect His love for humanity. God is not some distant figure to me, but a power for good that I can tap at will. Prayer puts me at one with the universe. It is a defense against the perversity of ill fortune and an aid to overcoming it.
Dangerous Minds continues at De Balie in April with the screening of the latest and most exhaustive documentary dedicated to the discovery and history of LSD.
The feeling of their tongues intertwining sent shivers down Gislenus’s spine. Only now did he notice Caleb was practically sitting in his lap. Somehow, Gislenus didn’t think this was going to be just a pure make-out session. But he let it happen anyway, weary of when Caleb took it too far.
“Inception”, directed and written by Christopher Nolan magically takes the idea of dreaming into a larger proportion and adapting it onto the big screens. It is a movie that will raise interest and question the psychological world while stimulating your senses. Nolan’s film unquestionably drives all to dream and dream again.
5. James Massone (Team Cee-Lo) – “Just The Way You Are” I don’t know where to begin. The musical arrangement was incredibly dated and cheesy with its anemic drumming and stale keyboards. The persistent saxophone just took it over the top. Meanwhile James tried to go for the teen idol thing with his varsity jacket and singing to some girl with a chaste distance. He wasn’t just singing on the Mickey Mouse Club, he took things right back to the Annette Funicello era. Billy Joel couldn’t have sounded this ersatz.
He does so many other super important and fabulous things....things that I probably don't even realize and certainly don't acknowledge. I know that I really lucked out on this one guys, and he's Hot to boot. What a keeper. (It's ok to be a little jealous.....but he's mine so back off. ;))
Thursday , Friday back to normal - supposedly ! I have a locum while my boss is living it up in India and although he's a lovely man , he is very slow and has over ordered loads of dressings , bandages etc which I had to return. He has also upset the nurses and generally caused chaoes and is away for his lunch dead on 1 and away home dead on 6 even if there is still work waiting. So needless to say, I have been working my socks off which is not a bad thing but I have not been able to keep up with my own work and I have him for another week. We worked together half day yesterday (Saturday) and I still didn't finish what I wanted to do.
Three things I love doing: reading, writing, watching. I have a quite number movie and TV series collection. During the May 1 holiday, I’m able to watch the old movie, “Gone in 60 Seconds.” It starred Nicholas Cage supported by Angelina Jolie and some others.
We moved, we survived and now I split my time between London and Provence with visits to Australia whenever I can. If you ask me today where home is I will say France but whenever I am talking about London or Australia I will also refer to them as home. My children would consider their home to be in London although they are very comfortable in France and are true Australians. I have come to realize that home can be as many places as you want it to be. Our home in Provence has captured my heart – from the very first day I saw it I have been smitten. London was another matter all together; it was not love at first sight. London and all it's wonders has crept up on me. I would say that many years passed before I felt that London held a place for me... I was 'being' and 'doing'... going through the motions... but without a real sense of belonging... Now I feel engaged with the city and I look forward to my time spent there each year...
The bus pulled into the gas station and the door swung open. She walked up the large steps and looked for a place to sit—the part of the voyage she hated the most. The first row was empty, and a sign said it was reserved for the elderly, the handicapped and the pregnant. But it did not seem to apply to her. She moved up the rows. The passengers seemed to be sleeping or indifferent. The fifth last row was empty. She sat down, relieved. The view was not marred by a badly placed window frame. He could then easily stare out the pane and daydream.
I can honestly say that we've never had presents from each other to open on Christmas because we can't contain ourselves.
For the past few years, Gadahn has been one of the most sought-after al-Qaida figures, and is presumed to live with a wife and children in the lawless Waziristan region between Afghanistan and Pakistan. Despite rumors over the past four years, Gadahn is still believed to be alive and active, said Laura Eimiller, a FBI spokeswoman in Los Angeles.
03 Send His Love to Me
Yet still the young and impressionable fall for it. Young girls are not genetically more stupid and easily led than young boys, but it is they who tend to end up as women living in poverty as single mothers raising a disproportionately high number of mixed race children, if they have not suffered an even worse fate.
( and I have three...... count them, three women who worked to see that this was done......... yeah. THREE..... what can I say??? I am nothing, if not work......... )
There is no indication at this point where the money went. French investigators, however, theorise that it was part of 146 million euro (RM585 million) that may have been funneled to officials of Umno and Najib, who traveled with Abdul Razak Baginda several times to France as defence minister at the time the Malaysians purchased the submarines from DCNS.
At least so I thought and expressed this to the producers of Black is Beautiful the Documentary! Amazingly they shared a similar perspective on the ECONOMICS of “Black Beaty”. In short we’ve designed and a great negotiated Product Placement Opportunity for the movie out August!
I don’t have the answers, but I believe both sides are being unreasonable. It reminds me of the ending to a movie that I’m ashamed to admit I’ve watched — “Guarding Tess.” If I haven’t already lost credibility, now I’m going to quote Nicolas Cage.
Beunka Adams has never denied his involvement in the robbery which led to the murder of a man by his accomplice.
I did snap pictures beforehand.
All In is the first book in the Be-Wished series. Six years ago Mariah hooked up with Tucker in Palm Springs and they had a memorable weekend together. Unfortunately, circumstances caused them to go their separate ways but both frequently thought of the other as the years past. A year ago, Mariah went on a trip with her friends to Mexico. They bought these bracelets and were told to make a wish on them as they fastened them to their wrists. When the bracelet fell off, their wish would come true. Mariah’s bracelet has fallen off and the wish fairy has appeared. Her wish was to have another go at Tucker. As luck would have it, professional poker player Tucker is in town for his best friend’s wedding and Mariah has been hired to make the cake. In no time, they are back together and between the sheets, the sex better than even before. The fairy reminds Mariah to read the pamphlet but she was given the wrong one. Both Tucker and Mariah realize their feelings run deep for the other, but she is afraid it is only the magic working. Finally the fairy reappears and gives her the Cliff Notes version of the rules. With only minutes to spare after the wedding, Mariah discloses the whole story surrounding the wish and he doesn’t have her committed. If nothing else, he’s more in love with her. He’s decided to move from Atlantic City to Vegas to be with her and proposes while having sex in a room adjacent to the wedding reception. A month later they are celebrating their own wedding.
...the slightly cooler temps, although the sun is still so soothing warm. Sitting at a soccer game, I could melt into my chair... the outdoors beckon us to finish our schoolwork and get outside...cooler days are coming...there will be plenty of time for indoor fun then.
DUTIES: * Plan and organize exhibition elements for TAM, working with curators and artists; * Advise curators and artists on feasibility of installation and availability of materials; * Prepare gallery walls for installation, including patching, light painting and cleaning; * Install and Deinstall artworks as indicated by curator and artists; * Handle art objects and equipment in a safe and professional manner; * Supervise work of CAST members and others assisting in installation process; * Organize supplies, tools and equipment, and notify supervisor when low; * Deal with shipping companies to ensure art works arrive and depart safely and in due time; * Collection and return of artworks; * Perform other duties as required.
their fur while the moons sank and rose in the blue dusk and dawn.
my hand open for him to go.
Amazed
Maryam al-Khawaja, who has taken over as acting head of the BCHR while Rajab remains incarcerated, said the charges against him were based on comments he had made on the social networking site.
Insurance: Works will be insured while on gallery premises. Insurance covers theft, vandalism, damage caused by gallery patrons or staff (in accordance with insurance policy). PLEASE NOTE: Insurance does not cover damage caused during shipping due to any reason, including mishandling by carrier or failure of packaging to protect works in transit. Also not covered is damage caused to work by failure of the work itself, its mounting systems installed by the artist, or disintegration/degradation due to the nature/quality of materials or craftsmanship.
3--Blog about the giveaway. Please leave a comment with your blog post link.
New Years Day was a great day for us! My best friend Carrie and her husband Josh came over to hang out. We all had lunch at Olive Garden, with just a little bit of begging from me! It was delicious, as usual. After OG I helped Carrie start her very first blog! I was so excited when she told me she wanted to start a blog. Her blog will be focused on fitness and healthy eating as she works towards reaching her goal weight this year! I'm so excited for her.
Hope your all having a great day so far!
“Many years ago I applied for a wine licence. I think wine and books go well together. A lot of the journalists who came in were heavy drinkers. I thought, if they came in with a book, for an extra three pounds they could trade it for a bottle of wine.”
Michael Marshall-Smith – Rain Falls
However, there are Christians who recognize their freedom to consume alcohol, but choose to abstain because they perceive alcohol as potentially dangerous. I think this is a perfectly acceptable reason to not consume alcohol. Knowing personal propensity to over-consume, or the possibility of offending a brother who is weaker in his faith and does not know his own freedom (Rom 14:13) are both perfectly good reasons to not consume alcohol and both are Biblically mandated. Another legitimate reason to not partake of alcohol is protecting one’s conscience, and this hinges on cultural norms.
And I've had a lovely one!
Add the flour to the rested dough, knead on low speed for 1 minute, then add the sugar , vanilla and honey keep kneading for 3-4 minutes. Add the butter, a little at a time and, when well incorporated, the eggs, one at a time. Don’t panic if the dough looks really wet at this stage, the constant kneading will make it come together in around 15/20 minutes or until it looks transparent if stretched.
For anyone that doesn’t know (perhaps you live under a rock) IMDB gives The Hunger Games a tagline of :
Title from a novel by Amos Tutuola.
So when I was asked to try out Similasan Nasal Allergy Relief, a 100 % natural nasal mist, my response was ... yes please! Similasan products are produced in Switzerland, to the highest quality standards.
Brooke Axtell: Singer, songwriter, poet, Brooke is the author of Kore of the Incantation and Daughter of the Burning, she is the winner of the Phyllis Smart Young Prize for Poetry. She won “Best Traditional Ballad of the Year” from KOOP Radio, Austin (91.7 FM) and first place for her short story “Maya’s Mirror” in the Young Texas Writer’s Awards.
Because of this, I often find it hard to concentrate solely on one project at a time. However, the alternative of concentrating on every project at one time isn’t much better. It’s like the old joke about why you can’t have everything… where would you put it? (Answer: Everywhere… yeah, I think about these things…)
But I can hate on some of the things the new blood has brought along.
Trader Joe's veggie mix which includes chopped carrots, cabbage, celery, peppers and other veggies too. Top veggie mix with balsamic vinegar, Dijon mustard and a few dashes of Frank's red hot sauce for a 0 point delicious snack or appetizer.
That is obviously the most enticing question. Unfortunately, the authors don’t provide an answer. Although Guglielmo and Head were intimate for years, and it was she who encouraged him to begin a documentary about the survivors, she would not open up to him about the truth once the deception was uncovered. He was able to track down a childhood friend from Barcelona who told him about some of Head’s traumas: She had a bad car accident at 18 in which her arm was indeed severed (if we believe the account), and her father did prison time for embezzlement. “It is around that time, after those life-changing events, and especially after her family unit fractured following her parents’ contentious divorce, that Alicia started living in make-believe worlds.”
Hope you have all had a smashing time over the festive season!
It’s our dogs that actually brought us together. Mattie brought her owner, Jayson, to the dog park. Max and Simba Roo brought me.
The difference is, that its a message... its one line.... and it needs no answer.
I also purchased two more pretty boxes at Marshall's. I use the black wooden box with an 'M' initial (yep, my real name is not actually Rocaille... sorry to disappoint) at my bed-side table for all my medicines, because I don't really like looking at them. I still haven't found a purpose for the Paris photo/shoe box, but having spare boxes never hurt anyone, right?
In August last year (2010) it was reported that six rocket launchers and four mortars were among SOME of the weaponry that went missing over the past year from the SANDF.... (see previous posting here). It was also reported that since 2007 the SANDF lost 134 assault rifles…(This was a lie!) The exact number of weapons lost by the SANDF since April 1994 to date is unknown, but rumour has it that the figure stands at a staggering number of approximately 72,000 weapons! (Please do not ask me where I got this information from, but rest assured that I would not publish this if it came from untrustworthy sources!)
Table 1: List of Leading Global Clothing, Footwear, Accessories and Luxury Goods Retailers, 2010
Salt & freshly ground black pepper
Unfortunately, the Dodgers were swept by the Orioles. Regan came back to earth in 1967, and he was dealt to the Cubs in '68 in a trade that Chicago fans are probably still laughing over. Ted Savage? Yeah. The Dodgers were ripped off again in a trade involving No. 27.
Fashion is not something that should cause stress. Again, it’s hard to separate fashion from our social necessities, but our awareness of what we’re doing when thinking about our appearance should be more apparent. The beauty and artistry of fashion come from the new and exciting ways that we are able to display ourselves without needing to say a word. Fashion is perfect where it is also imperfect. The exact quality that is able to free us is also able to cage us. Customization and originality are often marginalized based on what society says we should look like. I’m not meaning to be all-knowing or to repeat something we’ve all heard since the first grade, but it’s important to remember that what we wear on the exterior should mirror the interior above all else (black shoes still should not be worn with brown belts, as I’ve learned, but no matter).
· Creating Missions as recommended by Pitroda Committee to implement the
Here is what we did. First, we looked through the book and talked about the setting. What colors did they use? What are some other things that they saw besides fish? We started with a 12 X 18 sheet of white construction paper. They added details with crayons....ONLY what they saw on the ocean floor. Next, we used our watercolor to paint over the top of our ocean scene. I blue first and then added some strokes of green and purple. No picture of just this part...darn it!
It's different from the moment you drink wine or spirits - it's more egalitarian, more sociable. It's not just about the flavour, nor the alcohol. It's about the centuries of tradition and ritual, the counterpoint to an increasingly stressful life, and the commonality, the fact that it means the same thing to so many.
Remember a month ago, I said I'd lost 20 pounds in 2 months? Yeah, now I'm at 3 months, and still at 20 pounds. So much for 10 pounds a month. And I know... I know that the doctor said I was "probably" going to plateau "soon." But hearing it and experiencing it are totally different things.
So, another weekend is over. Last week at this time I was 14+ hours into my drive from Dallas to Charleston. I haven't forgotten that although the drive itself has already become somewhat of a blur. That's a good thing - my body's (or my mind's) long-term defense mechanism about things it really doesn't want to remember all that well.
'cause there's beauty in the breakdown
May 3, 2012 (CHICAGO) (WLS) — School districts may actually save money if the state of Illinois stops paying into teacher pension funds, according to a study released Thursday.
Meetings are on Thursdays at 7.30 pm at The Lantern, Meadow Farm Drive, Shrewsbury SY1 4NG. All are welcome.
At DW we will put the bags together and decorate them. The Queens bag will get an apliqued rose and what we will do on the kings bag I don't know at the moment, but we will come up with something!
In order to establish the dharma, I will be born again and again (in every yuga), to punish the wrong-doers and to save the good.
6-7 lbs peaches
Feminist pressure extends all the way to the Horn of Africa, from where yet another highly trained naval serviceman has been removed from his post after conducting an affair with a female sailor. Liberal insanity proclaims that young women should be allowed to serve alongside young men for protracted periods of time in a confined environment, without adhering to the all too predictable rules of nature.
For those of you that are unable to participate in “The Prosperity and Abundance Event on Love,” I invite you to try this simple exercise:
A few weeks ago I was digging through some of my old "memory" boxes trying to find something I wanted to show my girls and happened upon my childhood sticker book, my old journal calendar, and a notebook I shared back and forth between my high school friend Sarah (everyday)! They were so excited to see these treasures from my childhood and younger years and so was I!
As we traveled along a two lane road with very little shoulder room, I kept an eye on her.
Any Gr. 11 students interested in serving as next year’s Yearbook Editor(s), please submit a one page essay outlining why you are interested in the position. Must be committed to attend yearbook camp from Aug. 18-21 in Windsor, N.S. but all expenses are covered. Must also be very computer savvy, be willing to dedicate long hours to the task, have a good knowledge of how to use a digital camera and how to upload pictures, get along well with others and be able to meet deadlines. We are also looking for a Finance Chairperson and Photographers. Please see Shelley Tremere by Mon., May 7. Thank you.
And in an attempt to accelerate the rebuilding of homeowner equity, Senator Jeff Merkley, D-Ore., advanced a bill in which Fannie and Freddie cover the closing costs for some homeowners who are current on their mortgage and seeking to refinance into a 20-year loan term or shorter through HARP. It will save homeowners an average of $3,000 a year.
7) Inspire other writers to keep writing.
A mother loves the tiny seed within her womb, nurturing the possibility of life with all her being. A mother gives birth to a child's dreams and schemes, breathing as her child breathes, crying as her child cries, falling as her child falls. A mother watches over her child, holding on with all her heart to their dreams of flight, fearing with all her being the inevitability of their falling, and letting go of holding on in the certainty of their flying free.
Elemental: Air: The caster and target's words are carried on the wind as slight whispers. Earth: The caster and target must both possess clear crystals or gemstones which display their faces and transmit their words. Fire and Water: The caster must gaze into a "sample" of his element (such as a candle, campfire or bowl of water) and in order for the spell to work the target must be nearby (3") a similar sample. This method allows anyone standing nearby to hear the transmitted words.
Many of our English classes study poetry at least several times during the school year, and the talented Jared Baird teaches an entire class on poetry. To celebrate this month, our librarians created a display of books about poetry:
recorder, and from the 3.48 in Slender Threads, the left channel was falling out.
“You, boy! Come here!”
You have a week to link at Butwhymummywhy's blog here or you can just pop over and see what everyone has made this month. Remember there is a prize! Happy Pinning.
Straight away, we are sitting in a car with sad sack Joey Rathburn. He’s gazing out on a trainer talking to a jockey. That jockey is working, and Joey is now down to one rider – the bug-boy Leon – who is also watching because he has almost no mounts. Joey is looking very desperate. By the way, that trainer with the white hair and sun glasses is the real life trainer Bob Baffert. If you blinked, you might have missed him. From another perspective – a touch of reality can only help.
It was their third time in town and I was ready to enjoy the show, but not be blown away mostly because they'd set the bar so high when they played SXSW several years ago. Still, I quickly was into it, dancing and singing along with the small, but loyal audience. After a great main set, they tore it up in the encore. For the last song, they once again pulled people up on stage to play tambourine, me included. So much fun to bang out the beat on a crowded stage hyped up on great audience energy.
Or is the pride that takes mankind into the fire of the vessel into the storm in the wheel?
Following the pizza, Mortz mentioned that he once got incredibly drunk in the Spike Hill bar across the road. Christian decided that it would be a good idea to check it out again. I picked up the first round and we found that jazz-band; Evil Giraffes on Mars would be playing. This was excellent news for me, as one of the things I really wanted to do while I was in New York was to see a jazz-band play and I’d achieved it on my first day. The band were pretty good and after enjoying a few beers we decided to call it a night and headed back to the hostel.
The weather here continues to be indecisive. It doesn't know if it wants to be Summer, Fall, or Winter. It's a bit of a challenge dressing for dysfunctional weather. Sometimes I wear a jacket or a sweater or even a stole. The day that I wore this get-up we had spring temps. I took this as a sign to pull out my favorite jumpsuit and this outrageous reversible vest. I will be wearing again soon. I've already thought of 5 different outfits for it. It's 4 in the morning here so I'm not very cohesive at the moment. Please forgive me if I sound strange, but I figure that I should post and NOT SLACK OFF! I will return soon in a less sleepy state of mind. The next post will feature my Aladdin jacket. I figure I have to go all out this month for being so lazy and sloppy these past few months. Thank you for you patience and stopping by.
Join your suffering, your Cross that comes from within or without, to the Will of God, by saying a generous Fiat! And you will be filled with joy and peace.
Prediction: This game may be getting played in Oakland, but expect a major dose of Lob City. Clippers 107 Warriors 88
laying on top of me
Four pitchers carry Pi out to three decimal points (3.141), and this included Fernando Valenzuela in 1986. Fernando won 21 games that year and had 20 complete games, in case you were wondering. Twenty complete games. Sheesh.
so fierce he thought, and fixed his scope
As we slide towards the weekend, I find myself breathing a bit easier. In fact, I am feeling excited and eager for the holiday to arrive. In years past, I have gotten so involved in the preparations that the actual holiday was almost anticlimactic. It seemed I would work and plan, and plan and work, until I couldn't enjoy the actual celebration of Christmas. This year, I have made a serious effort not to do that.
But of course - one of the members of Barnsley heavy metallers Saxon. Who else?
I don't know if they always come in packages of two, but this time they did! Kev and I are ecstatic to announce that this winter, we will welcome two new little Mullins!!! Yes, TWO! They are due mid-December but we (read: me and my big ass belly) hope that they arrive around Thanksgiving. They obviously have their own agenda and timeline so all we can hope for is that they are happy, healthy and, if it's not too much to ask, I'd love if they got their daddy's baby blue eyes :) Things are looking/sounding great and I'm feeling pretty fabulous in the second trimester! Thankfully, I somehow avoided morning sickness alltogether, I've heard it's doubly awful with twins, too! I have had some wicked headaches and acid reflux, but all in all, I can't complain too much.
I’ve caught stallions that’d kill you, caught bulls gone off their brain
In my previous post I have already mentioned that Belgians people are nice and polite ( although not sure if French would agree ), but they are really very nice, helpful and smily.
Boy, was I ever glad to get this wall done.
It gets really frustrating, but not enough to stop me... No way!.....
Lately I've had a lot of really good ideas to draw, and I'm really excited and writing them all down so I don't forget! I haven't been inspired or creative for a while, and when I would draw it felt sort of forced, but now I finally feel like it's coming back to me again! I guess with art everyone goes through a dry spell of no inspiration or good ideas.
And what American doesn’t love an underdog?
But perhaps, in spite of the enhanced access to the knickers of the nation, he'll refuse. Asked about a peerage two years ago, he said: "I'm against too much flunkery and titles"
Because "how real people really lived" intrigues me (as opposed to "all Victorians thought and did thusly") I was especially interested in the details of housekeeping, in the most literal sense of the word. Here was not just a marriage full of love and respect; here, too, was a family that was warm, affectionate, supportive.
The science or branch of biology dealing with animals.
His hand must not tremble, he told himself. His life depended on it. He could see the snake’s eyes. They were like two giant balls of fires. Was there cold hatred in those eyes?
She writes about longing and forgiveness, first love, passion, heartbreak and getting your feelings hurt. I find her songs to always be in the moment and I never doubt that she’s gone through the emotions she’s singing about herself.
Christmas Every Day ... ABC Family ... 9 AM
10 sir
Likewise Texas freshman Marquis Goodwin - 25' 7.5", brings back memories of another former Longhorn - football player/ long jumper Eric Metcalf. Metcalf was NCAA long jump champion for the Longhorns at 27' 2" in 1988 and had a best of 27' 8.25". Let's see if Goodwin can match those marks during his career at Texas.
I shouldn't complain because ultimately the venue was easy to maneuver, if you can get over the idea of wanting to walk from where I'm staying (the Yacht Club) to where much of the action is taking place (the Coronado). I mean, the shuttle service was pretty good and always on time. Kudos to those drivers and organizers. But man, the weather was, for the most part, awesome and would that there would've been more forethought on keeping the show as green as could be. At times, I was one of two people on the buses traveling back and forth. TV stunk, for the most part, and it was kind of funny to walk into my room and see a Mickey head on one of the beds fashioned out of hand and face towels.
She wasn't coming out. At first my doctor was playing it cool, had me change positions, had me push different ways.
In the morning Sam says that we’ll be finished with the items on the tour by noon, and proposes, for a modest extra fee, to take me to some additional, really spectacular sights.
in ways I can’t track, the word on the right
Want to check your page rank?
I would love to use the twins in this room as well.
England and Watts are expected to be charged with three counts of first-degree murder and two counts of shooting with intent to kill.
“Roger, payload is okay,” Engen then calls into the headset that keeps him in contact with the Atlantis II. The pilot lets water gush into the floats.
…In this moment. Things seems okay. My heart feels afresh. Chilling on my couch. Cool breeze coming through the windows. Listening to the sweet tunes of Dave Matthews Band in the background…
"I remember being incredibly unselfconscious," says Bush
With Kendrick Perkins out until possibly February following knee surgery, you have to ask what is your next best option for a big man other than Shaquille O’Neal.
It will, more than likely, become the single most valuable comic ever offered at public auction. Though it's being sold with no reserve and no minimum bid, it's expected to bring at least $300,000. The current record for a comic sold at auction stands at $317,000, for a copy of Action Comics #1, sold last year at another auction house.
Thanks Jen for this wonderful opportunity to cased you.
Also, thanks to everyone reading this. I'd be lost without my readers!
My own preference is to peg it back to its 1968 value of $10 an hour (ironically 1/2 the mean wage at the present time) and index that to inflation. At that level, a full time minimum wage job would be almost capable of supporting a family of four above the poverty line.
Camp was awesome that night. I had a shower, no not warm, not even close, but I didn’t care. And best of all, after 3 days of hiking, We had cake with dinner and I had a beer and a ciggie. OMG. Life had never been better. About 40 kilmometres and 3 days of walking at a constant incline, no shower, no clean toilets, hardly a thing to eat, a constant inner voice filling my head with self doubt, and a feeling that I could follow through at any given time had all been worth that one beer and cigarette with my friends. God, life was good. And we only had one sleep to go…
the scene i just described is from the movie “28 days later”. now why the 3 capable adults couldnt figure out to drive the tanker with them or drive the tanker instead of the sedan (ya’ll would have fit as determined by their physical descriptions) when gas refueling options are non existent is beyond me. (even if tanker is diesel and theres a compatability prob at least the plot could have addressed this.) this judgement in error is the difference between having a movie that keeps me fully involved and invested in the characters because their acumen is worth giving 2 hours to, or having movie characters that seem to keep ”hacking it” with the dullest knives in the drawer… in some cases, movie characters make such poor choices I hope they die as quickly as possible. why wait for them to bumble to the end? exhibit b: the main character in “blink”, played by madeline stowe. just saw that on sunday. spoiler alert. she plays a “strong” “resilient” woman who can “survive on her own”, is “super smart” and “aint taking shit from anybody”. the hero guy in the movie assaults her twice and she still has sex with him. each time. ummm. no. a vicious killer breaks into her house, stalks her, etc and she still decides she doesnt need police protection in the middle of a rainy night in an unknown desolate part of town. ummm. no. as ive b een saying for a while. “we gots to do better” for our characters. and our audience.
From in weeks, months or years
Ships Ahoy! Sail Juice Box Boats in Puddles
Each woman faces her own unique challenges and struggles during pregnancy. The hardest part about pregnancy for me is gaining weight. I have worked so hard to get rid of the extra weight on my body. Not only have I made it to my goal weight, but I was able to maintain it for over 2 years.
Story Builder is designed to help children accomplish the following educational goals: 1) Improve paragraph formation; 2) Improve integration of ideas; and 3) Improve higher level abstractions by inference. Extensive use of audio clips promotes improved auditory processing for special needs children with autism spectrum disorders or sensory processing disorders.
Nothing's right, all is humbug - no wood, fewer trees
And in a moment - in a breath and a sigh... i lift to my Father all those who work in that clinic across the street. i pray for the janitor, for the receptionists. i pray for the doctors and nurses and "counsellors". i pray for their suppliers and those who make financial gain through this business. i pray for understanding, for repentance and healing...
First up, we decided to focus on one of our favorite flowers, lavender!
I closed my eyes and felt the energy of the tree trunk. I looked up to the branches high above. The energy for those branches was completely different. It was light, airy, full of life. The branches were embracing life, welcoming the warm sun and all that Heaven had to offer. The tree was smiling. I wondered why the tree was so different at the top.
The Cadillac’s engine stuttered back to life, the 8-Track stammered back to normal and Benny breathed a little easier as the air conditioning fought back the oppressive heat. He looked at the scrawled writing on the paper and made a u-turn, edging the car back the way they’d come.
- An overall 'Frequently Asked Questions' section plus a FAQ section related to each project
Auntie MA
If you know what the world looks like without looking at a map or a globe please take the time to thank your World Geography teacher.
Let's play pretend
One of the things I would most miss, you see, is color. Sky, clouds, ocean, flowers, trees, textiles, and more. I sat down on the porch steps and admired the brilliant yellow goldfinches feeding their babies, which if you have never seen it, is so adorable; the youngsters line up on the railing and furiously flap their wings and peep for attention. Suddenly, my eye would be drawn to the brilliant ruby throat of a hummingbird, the cardinal red of the red-bellied woodpecker, dusky red and steel blue against the creamy belly of the bluebird, purple finches, dove-grey titmice, iridescent blue-green-black feathers of gluttonous grackles, the brilliant orange breast of the oriole, the scarlet cardinals, the grey catbird, and the golden-brown Carolina wren. And once in a while, so rare sightings become treasured moments, my patience will be rewarded with the glorious plumage of a strutting tom turkey.
OH MAH GAH. What the hell did I just write? This, boys and girls, is exactly why we never blog without a plan.
And 82 Glenville Road (scroll), built new in 2002 and sold then for $3 million, $5,000 above asking, started at $3.875 a year ago and like Birchwood, is back as new, asking $3.250. Sounds as though the sellers will have to settle for that 2002 price or a tad lower. Good back yard, Glenville Road in front, NTTAWWT (!)
The Ring on Her Finger by Elizabeth Bevarly
Here’s Emily’s. If you reversed the colour of the dungaree / top combo, and changed the boot colour, you’d have a dead ringer for Super Mario. (Even as it is, I still think of it.)
Now, after that affirmation, I have to admit that when G and Rick decided last weekend to climb a local 'hill' which to me is a 'mountain', I stayed at home, stitching!
"Well...I" I say hesitantly.
He also started saying “da-da” a few weeks ago, to Jonah’s immense delight. He has been saying “ma-ma” since he was about three months old. (Seriously. He didn’t know what he was saying until probably six months, but he’s been saying it since three months.) Now he uses both of them all the time and we are so tickled…. HOWEVER– he typically uses “ma-ma” when he wants something and “da-da” when he’s having fun. I’m sure that’s typical, but it is a little unfair.
Gruyere
But as we continued to see each other, as I just hung around her house, we began to develop a friendship deeper than any friendship I’d known. We could talk for hours. This was PHILIA. Was the EROS still there? Of course! In fact, these two very different loves seemed to merge. I craved her company and didn’t distinguish the reasons why.
I read a whole book on going vegan. It was charming (and rather youth oriented), but by the end it seemed to be veering into a horrible rule-bound cult. All vegans eat the same recipes. And if a recipe includes vegan burger crumbles, you don't gag, you buy the crumbles. Whatever they are.
This is where diagrams come in. Tada!
PS: I believe that Cokesbury (the Methodist publisher) is filling all Church Publishing orders now due to downsizing and costs at CPI. That may explain the content of the advert.
Santorum says he would enforce US obscenity laws that Obama ignores
You'll notice Amanda doesn't comment here anymore, when she used to with regularity. Blake will pop in every once and a while and leave a comment, but he doesn't stick around.
and I don’t mean that elitist
Example B. One of my hobbies is dog training, handling, showing, and judging. Along the way, I'm often approached for advice by dog owners who do not set specific rules and boundaries for their furry loved ones. Dogs have very different social structures than humans. Giving dogs free reign and no rules usually leads to dogs who misbehave in a variety of ways including: jumping on people, gnawing on people, ignoring people, running away, refusing to obey commands, growling at people, challenging or fighting with other dogs, getting food whenever the dog wants, or food aggression. When people ask me for help with these issues, I immediately point them to the Nothing in Life is Free program and the Umbilical Training Method. These programs and other variations are quick and easy methods to teach dogs rules and reinforce desirable or undesirable behaviors. Simply, the dog must offer desirable behaviors prior to receiving food or attention. It is the owners who should demand and get the attention, and not the other way around. Many dog owners assume that dogs should behave in the fashion that we desire, but they are dogs and do things that dogs enjoy.
Action was expected today against a pub landlady who tried to sidestep the smoking ban by exploiting a legal loophole.
I had a really lovely weekend. I'll do a little weekend post later today, because I like those :)
Eva, how did you feel about the fact that the band wasn't really happy with your presence?
I then got a message that he was off to his ‘old local’ in the mountains, the Koetong Pub. He described it beautifully – “where the beer is still at genuine 1972 prices and the pool table is 20 cents.” I have only been to a handful of country pubs and it’s nice to think that there are still some that maintain those elements of ye olde Pub charm.
1 SLO 5 5 0 0 0 10
Quick photo showing some of the activities that I have completed over the previous weekend..
This is another post for Mel’s Show & Tell. If I try to do something for this at least every other week, it’ll give me a reason to keep updating this blog, even though nothing much is happening!
USA WEB Is The New Motto Of Fred Vidal Campaign, Against Lobbies In America That Destroyed Our Country By Creating The Crisis. As The Candidate To The White House Works On The Vote By The Congress Of The Amendment Giving Him The Right To Be Candidate in 2012 for The Official Election, The Names Of Joe Lieberman As A Future Vice-President of Mike Fuller and John Edwards As US Defense Secretary are now Diffused By The Campaign Team that Confirms also The Choice of Bill Gates For The Republican Ticket If This Is The Opinion Choice!
The passage of the health-care bill has consistently been described in terms of history by those on the left. President Obama, Speaker Nancy Pelosi, Sen. Harry Reid and scores of Democratic politicians have called it "historic." Likewise, ABC, CBS, CNN, MSNBC and every other liberal media outlet have used exactly the same word when reporting on the bill.
The CBI produces a mountain of figures each month – the focus on here is the total of private sector deposits in the six State-guaranteed banks, based on the belief that ifIrelandis to recover and develop a sustainable banking system, then companies and households will need to have the income and confidence to place deposits in Irish banks. In June 2011, private sector deposits in the State-guaranteed banks dropped by 3.6% from €107.5bn to €103.5bn. That’s the biggest monthly drop since last November 2010 when the IMF/EU bailout was agreed, and the second biggest monthly drop since September 2008 when the financial crisis blew up. Not good.
The following is an article the Times ran recently that’s a pretty good example of what I’m talking about.
Spiritual value in everything.
I have a few simple, sentimental necklaces that I wear in rotation--one has a silver disc with Eliza's name on one side and her birthdate on the other that some of my best friends gave me for Eliza's birthday last year. One is a heart inscribed with "Have Hope" that my mom bought me in a little jewelry shop on Granville Island last summer--that trip to Canada was, I think, the first time I really took a deep breath after losing Eliza. I have a little gold coin I bought as a souvenir in Italy that still reminds me of Tuscan sunshine and gelato and walking through the streets of Florence at night.
Lucy was micro chipped so animal control knows she was adopted from a shelter in Illinois by a woman who tried to find the dog a caring home online.
When the Holy Spirit is grieved, the anointing lifts.
Pull up into the dark, empty parking lot,
Buck Lai - Brooklyn Bushwicks
Disease of one kind or another is a frequent cause of mortality in marine mammal populations, but highly infectious disease organisms (particularly viruses) can cause the death of large numbers of animals in a very short period. An influenza virus probably caused die death of at least 450 harbor seals (Phoca vitulina) along die New England coast of the United States in 1979-1980. The family of viruses that is most often associated widi disease-induced die-offs, however, is the morbilliviruses. Measles is the most familiar virus in this family. Canine distemper virus (probably contracted from domestic dogs or farmed mink) caused the death of several thousand Baikal seals (Pusa sibirica) in the Russian Federation in 1987-1988. The closely related phocine distemper virus caused the death of 18,000 harbor seals in the North Sea during 1988, and a dolphin morbillivirus caused the death of several thousand striped dolphins (Stenella coendeoalba) in the Mediterranean Sea between 1990 and 1992. The death of more than 740 bottlenose dolphins (Tursiops tnmcatus) along the Atlantic coast of die United States in 1987 was initially attributed to poisoning by algal toxins (see later), but more recent evidence suggests that this was also caused by dolphin morbillivirus. Morbilliviruses tend to suppress dieir host’s immune system, thus increasing the risk of secondary infection by a wide range of disease agents. These secondary infections are often the final cause of death for an individual infected with a morbillivirus, which can make it difficult to diagnose the real cause of a die-off.
I took the tunnel route and upon climbing up the stairs a circular point of view greeted the eyes. Various trails lead to many directions – so pick and choose. Along the way, lots of seats to take a breather. The park seems to be a favourite place for wedding photos. Vending machines are scattered at various shelters – remember to bring along coins. Tin cans cost from S$1.00 plus. Do bring along plenty of water because hot days are here.
You would think that a kid that had just climbed out of her crib, fallen, and broken her arm would cry for longer than twenty seconds, but she was settled down in no time. Erin was still shaking long after Abby was back in bed and asleep (minus the side of the crib, since I would not risk her jumping out again), and if Abby felt really hurt, she showed no signs of it at all. Even when I checked both her wrists, moving them around and asking if it hurt her at all, she just shook her head and told me no.
Once I had painted my back ground I grabbed some of the thin masking tape and masked off an area to create my flower stems.
Oh and this isn't ridiculous, but I cried about failing my Glucose Test yesterday. Now I have to go back for the three hour test on Friday. I'm really hoping I failed because 1.) I had no clue I would be doing it at my appointment, 2.) So I had 2 oranges and chocolate milk right before my appointment, and 3.) I didn't have a great dinner the night before consisting of artichoke dip, pineapple, cantaloupe, carrots, and left over yummilicious shower cake. So I will be racking up on the protein the next couple of days and hopefully everything will turn out just fine. Either way, it will be fine, but I will feel more fine if I pass the test.
All things considered, Ghostbusters is still a abundant bold no bulk which adjustment you get. While I wouldn't acclaim the Red Fly adjustment over the Terminal Absoluteness version, if all you accept is a Wii or PS2, and you're a Ghostbusters fan, you shouldn't be aghast by what this adjustment has to offer. If I was to accord it a annual based on what I've played, I'd accord it a solid 8.0.
I don’t feel like I did the topic justice.
For previous Wreck This Journal posts please see my sidebar and tag cloud.
The place has an open design with seats tucked inside and outside the "no front wall" area. It kinda has a retro feel in the design, and there's also a corner with wash basin in it. The mix of black and white flooring with the shiny all-chrome kitchen counter really brings out the kitschy retro decor. The seats consists of wooden tables and cushy padded chairs in deep red color which is very inviting and comfortable at the same time.
This post is mostly a placeholder to remind me to write about the magic that is 3D cinema. I'd never seen a 3D film before and was somewhat dubious. But, utterly magic, Even the adverts are magic. I want a 3D telly in my house. Now.
THE LIST:
There were endless celebrations, trips to the ER, forts built, bottle of wine consumed, busses missed, tests studied for, cups of sugar borrowed and parties thrown.
WOW! This challenge was a hit with you all ... we received 70 A-MAZING and beautiful submissions this week. I was afraid that this would be a difficult challenge for most, but you all excelled beyond my wildest dreams. Simply stunning submissions from all -- thanks to everyone who participated this week :)
Sarah learns her eyes bear the mark of the Indigo Child, an evolved human with the ability to feel the emotions of others; unfortunately, her indigo aura is highly desirable to those who wish to steal her powerful essence.
A large part of the road and rail infrastructure inherited by newly independent African countries about 50 years ago has fallen into disrepair. In some states, most notably Congo, it has largely disappeared.
Take care everyone....I will be back - sometime!
There was more. The garage was shifted right off its foundation. The machine shed where all the tractors and tools were stored had every window and door blown out and off. Siding buckled, roof caved in, second floor now resting on the first floor. Pipes to the furnace were disconnected inside the house. Hot water tank no longer worked.
Finish off by sewing white strips (I again used 1 3/8″ wide just to be safe) all around. Then trim the block to 5″.
Erm, that would be, of course, the council of which he is a member.
Saturday morning was pretty dismal as far as out of doors was concerned. I was thanking my lucky stars though, that we don’t live in the path of one of the hundreds of crazy tornadoes that have been happening throughout the country. I’m so sorry for all that those people have lost.
Maximilian, Brummie76, also works to an “anti-nazi” agenda, so in this sense, both he and the lamentable John Wolf, can truly be said to be bedfellows.
Morello: I suppose. By the way, what’s the new champion?
Personality: CAPRICIOUS
Psalm 33: Verse 17-18 continues to assure us by saying: the righteous cry out, and the Lord hears them; He delivers them from all their troubles. The Lord is close to the brokenhearted and saves those who are crushed in spirit.
It takes 8 weeks to boot up.
I want the honesty to be with myself and with others. There's such a masquerade of emotions and attitudes. At this point, I'm ready to call people out on their actions.
And she brings you only sorrow
Prebius: he should have the cut the debt like
Here are a couple of techniques I find very useful. I like to use Distress Inks because they stay wet for a long time which makes them easy to blend. That said, you can use most inks for this technique and chalk inks are also a particular favourite of mine.
They were not going to risk all by taking on a formidable adversary who loved to smear his critics as racists.
What's happening next week on TGS?
And no, everything is not acceptable. Boundaries are there for a reason. It’s not without reason they worn you against doing some rituals at early years of your practice or praise god/dess according to developed practice. Zeus- imagine someone putting food out as if you were to goddess? I doubt there are many who would be brave enough to even fathom such image or honor him as goddess. Some gods do get offended by disregarding information.
9. Nina Simone "Jelly Roll" 8:09
Matthew Michael Flocco, 21, Newark, Del.
That has always been denied, but slice it as you like and despite all the compendious published material on him, no one really knows what he is or what he stands for. All we know for sure is that for most of his adult life he has been a committed communist fellow traveller. And, as such, made a variety of stupendously damaging decisions.
If you need a job, they don’t want you. Period.
Fill a glass bowl full of water. Place the bowl in the microwave for about three minutes. This should be long enough to steam the inside of the microwave. Now wiping it down is a snap! (My sister says she skips the bowl and just puts a wet cloth in--even easier!)
When I sent them, the HR girl emailed me within minutes: someone at Vogue was really interested and she'd get back to me. Whoever that was must have changed her mind. I never worked a day at Conde Nast.
The creatures form a protective carapace of the carbon mainly of calcium carbonate from waste products, and metal ions contained in seawater.
Sadly, they must also be prepared to face whatever comes alone for, to its great shame, the West will not stand by them.
We pull off for food and gas and new phones. We go to a truck stop, where we eat meat loaf and macaroni and cheese, which is one of the few things Henri acknowledges as being superior to anything we had on Lorien. As we eat, he creates new documents on his
On July 11, 2000, at the Lome Summit in Togo, the states constituting the Organization of African Unity, signed a declaration to form the 53-nation African Union.
Even so, last night I learned that knowing a piece of hellish truth is nothing at all like knowing the whole hellish truth. Seeing it. Hearing it. And worse, knowing you are complicit in it.
34. That Annoying Hanging Spider Sound
There is a large and powerful group of women who see this shift in gender roles as a good thing. Hanna Rosin’s provocative piece in The Atlantic, called “The End of Men,” and Kate Bolick’s new piece “All the Single Ladies” (which may now become a TV series) make light of the demise of masculinity and the role men once played in society. They represent the kind of movers and shakers who help lead the feminist fight. Pointing to the latest statistics about men, they’d be likely to respond, “See how hopeless men are? Everything we’ve been saying about men all these years has proven to be true.”
Thank you! :)
From another point of view, there are certainly a significant number of women in this world who do not help the cause and do things that can be considered degrading to women. I won’t go into that one, but these women do this by choice (usually) and they make themselves look weak and quite pathetic if I’m being honest! Men take advantage of such women and they will continue to be walked all over!
Annual Assessment
A ‘Masculine’ society (I take issue with the terminology here but I’m falling back on the whole ‘people much smarter than me’ thing and also the fact that it was ‘80s, so forgive them) is one which sees winning and being the best as signs of success and recognises ambition as being a desirable trait. By contrast, a ‘Feminine’ society is one that values caring for others and values quality of life above all.
A great philosopher once said that before enlightenment the world is just the world. During enlightenment the world is no longer the world, and after enlightenment the world is just the world. That is cooking lager. Lout is lout, Life is life, and getting pissed for next to nowt is not only our birthright but our duty, whilst we take the journey all living things take to the same destination.
Please use similar colors to the ones above for your project.
#3 New York City – Street Fairs and Pub Crawls
The Sands of Fear. Commando 564, Jul 1971, art by Collado.
Do you want to download some for yourself? Here's how to do it:
A witch is allowed envy. A shaman is not.
POWER PLANT
Turned greening trees to burnt autumn.
You won’t find much on the Internet about sterile nodular pyogranuloma syndrome. From what we we’ve been told, it’s treatable if not curable. It just takes steroids plus time and patience in dealing with their side effects.
AJ
The horizontal tube extends completely through the box between two of the vertical tubes. The slanted tube rests on one of the protruding sections of the horizontal tube and empties into a smaller sensory table.
Ingredients for Red Capsicum and Walnut Sauce
Remained spiritually deaf and blind. She had
total lifetime value to their family, and it’s so simple you can do it in less
Those that have been reading this blog before may notice the addition of a Naturist graphic on the right hand column.
Leave a piece of rotting meat in the exhaust pipe?
This year I wanted to really say thank you to all of my wonderful friends and blogging fans in a really big way. So I made a card...hahahaha. I'm also having a Huge Blog Candy Giveaway!!!! It is so big that there are going to be quite a few WINNERS!!! That is HUGE right???
How to “let go” of old memories and resentments
1 tablespoon each of ground ginger, cinnamon, and mixed spice
07. Sweet Summer Day - Chris Rea / 4:43
The Berlin Walls:
“Do you believe money has succeeded in devaluing art?”
At least, that’s the way I’ve interpreted the grief process. You might see different reasons for either denying grief or denying denial.
A little over 8 months ago, I took my phone into the store I got it from, explaining that the battery lasted about 4 hours on standby - no calls, messages, internet, anything. I left the phone with them, they told me it'd be sent off to be repaired and back to my house in 7 - 10 days.
- make buttercream icing
I can't remember how many stores we hit before finally someone sold him a pack of cancer sticks. Five or six I'm guessing and by the time we arrived at Roustabouts, Round- Ups, or wherever it was we were supposed to deliver the cigs Brandon's mom had moved on to another bar. After the third of fourth bar Brandon decided we'd find her faster if I went in and helped him look over each place.
Swingers, too, want to make a difference. Or, more accurately, want someone different - a lot of someones different. It's all the same, though, right?
That ”ugly direction” meaning retaliation for muslim atrocities and declaring war on the Islamic-nation states who brought Islamic-sponsored terrorism to our soil.
It wasn’t until I unpacked my wheelie bag at the hotel, a mere hour before the marital vows, that I made the ill-fated discovery - a rip the size of the San Andreas fault under each arm of my 1960s embellished dress. I somehow managed to overlook these seismic gaps after wearing it to this year’s Rose of Tralee festival. If memory serves me correctly I also suffered an exploding dress in The Kingdom the year prior. Note to self: avoid Kerry.
My Verdict
At some point amid afresh and now, bodies chock-full caring about PlayStation. Microsoft took over as the absence best for hardcore gamers with the Xbox 360, and Nintendo jumped from endure abode to aboriginal this animate generation, while PlayStation took their abode at the bottom. How did this happen? Why did this happen? And can the PlayStation animation aback afore it becomes the next Sega?
“I will be a Wallaby and hop away from you.”
Some time passed when one morning a knock came at our door. A man informed us that Mrs. Stanton had went “berserk” and they were waiting for the law to come. The man started wheedling my mother to come over to the Stanton’s and see what she could do with the woman for he had no idea what to do. This man was the local constable and was very afraid of this madwoman. Mom reduced him to shame over his cowardliness but did go over.
Due to the loss of life at the concentration camps the total White Afrikaans population could have been as large as 7 million instead of the current 3 million.
I, unfortunately, have an infection in my c-section incision, which completely blows... it's so gross. I'm on heavy antibiotics and am keeping everything crossed that when I go in for a follow-up on Friday, I don't get sent directly to the hospital to get things taken care of.. that would not be good b/c there would be a chance I would have stay overnight. So, please think good thoughts!!
Well his syllable counts were problematic, his sentiments were good. I hope to see fusion, however it's not likely in our lifetimes. At least not on a usable scale. I think your second one catches many of us directly in the crosshairs of reality.
I'm guessing you've all been in this scene before. You do live among the brokenness, too, right? We don't see it coming until it's too late, until our hearts are left stunned - even paralyzed - by life's surprises. Yes, deep from their own wounds, mortals replay the pain onto others. Onto me. Onto you. Sometimes our oppressors are so chained to the darkness of their own stories they can't even see what they're doing. They can't really see at all.
the puddle expanding,
“Come on, let’s go have sushi!”
Eligibility:
All this madness
It is through Crystia that I have traveled my path of grief and found my place of tranquility. And it is through her that I will once again lose Kristi when I put the story to bed when it is finally completed. Only this time it will be different. There will be peace and understanding in the loss. And I will always have that part of her with me, on the pages of my manuscript – published or not. Until then, I will savor every minute.
And so it is as we live our lives and live our stories—forging our relationships, raising our families, doing our work, growing up and growing older, loving and losing—that we are as vessels on an ebbing and flowing tide. The earth’s very survival relies on the wax and wane of the moon, the ebb and flow of the oceans; so too does our own self-evolution rely on our embracing the inevitability of change, our willingness to balance the comfort of the familiar with the surprise of the new, and our staying open to the messages we may not at first understand, but which, somehow, usually fit perfectly into a space in ourselves we didn’t even know we had.
The phenomenon of children resisting the sale of the family home to unlock funds for a parent’s retirement, so that the children can inherit the wealth tax-free – otherwise known as the ”nailing granny to the floor” phenomenon – must also be addressed, possibly through an inheritance tax on housing.
I knew what my next question was going to be, but how would I ask it? I started my question several times, but only uttered a few disconnected words… “Is…will…it’s not…he can’t be…Jeff is not terminal…” came out more as a shaky statement than a question.
What this means in practice
Aside from the branding of this ale - which I wouldn't miss if they ditched it instantly and entirely - this is a beer worthy of serious national recognition.
The opposite of ( pardon my English ) "shitting one's pants".
Had to go shopping for my bird this morning and came home with things I DIDN'T need lol. Found some danish specialities at Lidl and couldn't just walk by - I mean, are you kidding me lol!!!
3/4 c ranch dressing
So I scurry back to The Fortress and decide which wall to stare at for a few hours. The grey one, the other grey one, or the other other grey one with the door. Behind me is a wall of windows, which would be lovely if they didn’t look out on the parking lot and the machine shop, with a nice view of the dumpster where old cake party stuffs go to die. And they have those GD vertical blinds. Which I loathe. I haven’t brought anything personal from home yet, not one picture or desk-sized Zen rock garden. Mostly because I’m still in denial that this is actually happening, but also because I’m supposedly getting "new" furniture that has been "ordered" and is being "constructed," as is all gubment office furniture, by some of the state’s finest "craftsmen," who just so happen to be "jailbirds" who have nothing but "time" on their hands and a great interest in being "busy" instead of being "dead" in a yard riot. Which means, I ain’t getting no furniture anytime soon. And when I do, dollars to donuts it’ll be missing some sharp metal components that were mysteriously lost in transit. I do think I’ll bring up my office chair from home though. My work chair is way too complicated, and it’s blue. Electric blue. So not my color.
The same thing can, and should, be applied in writing. Remember, you are the writer, and your job is to influence the reader in a way that helps them understand your characters. Good, bad or ugly, you want the reader to see that in a character.
Do tell me if you find those missing weeks!
Moore’s passes are frequently inaccurate beyond 20 yards – and sometimes as short as 12 yards. He is not nearly as fleet of foot as Brees at Purdue. Moore was a fine college player with sound fundamentals, but just because much of the scouting world vastly discounted Brees doesn’t mean they should overcompensate with Kellen Moore.
All Saints Black coffee UK
"Of course we are," said Dr. Dante. "Baba wishes to live without it, close to the earth. Or something like that."
19 Open to me the gates of righteousness;
Oh yes, I am not Britney, but I did it again! These pants are not mine ... Another small theft from my boyfriend's closet ;)... Aren't they amazing? I am pretty sure these pants are the perfect match for my kimono top! My intention was to create a chic look, but with gangster's mood, adding feminine details, like high shoes and necklace, but not too girlish.
I still have sex dreams about Marilyn Manson.
One of my favorite items that Pretty Little Studio makes is the vintage cut-outs, which come in the paper packs. They are the perfect size to add to a card or scrapbook page for an awesome embellishment :)
I woke up at 2 a.m. and could not get back to sleep. I truly didn't feel nervous, just wide awake. So I got up and prayed for awhile and read a book til 5:45. Lily woke up and was COMPLETELY happy. Didn't sign to nurse, didn't cry, just sat on the bathroom counter while I combed her hair and stuck a bow in, just chattering away in her baby talk the whole time.
The letter says that Yayasan representative Mohd Tampokong was refusing to issue permission for the logging to begin until Chia was satisfied. Agus Hassan was later angered to discover that Chia took at least some of the profit himself.
5. Avoid carrying back packs until your back acne clears up. This would prevent your back from heating up which results to more perspiration and breeding ground for bacteria that causes back acne.
1980s – Dragon Ball
In interviews you can see that Garris is a huge fan of Stephen King and horror in general, however he would work much better as a producer than as a director. Part of being a director is understanding that some things that work great on the written page would feel out of place, or worse, look silly in a film. As much of a fan of Stephen King as I am; I understand that a lot of his work is cerebral and not necessarily needed to be shown in a visual medium. For a novel to work on film, there needs to be a concession that certain points should either be taken out, or hinted, instead of shown full on, especially if budget constraints hinder you from showing it in a realistic fashion. With The Stand, it was the hand of God, with The Shining it was the topiary creatures, with Desperation it was the soul sucking vultures. Garris has had more than enough chances to prove his ability to make a good Stephen King adaptation and he’s fallen short every time. Bag of Bones turns out no different.
Correction: This is the same tool box down below, this is after I painted it.
I’ve always loved the elderly. I guess it was a gift my mother gave me. She was a geriatric nurse and would allow me to make “short and sweet” visits to some of her patients. Mom would introduce me and usually give me a brief history of their life. She had a way of making each feel loved and extremely important. She still has this gift today.
Mackinson held out his hand and she passed him the gun. She was shaking hard now, teeth chattering. He wiped off her prints. Holding the warm barrel in his handkerchief he placed the pistol in Bubba’s unresisting hand.
"Old Year/New Year- use items from both your old stash and new to you."
Instinct is a good way to describe what is required to drive in Brazil. But that instinct actually rests on a strong foundation. From an outsider’s perspective, it may look to be a mess and without rules. Rules do exists, admittedly some unwritten, but unlike other countries, everyone here interprets the rules in a similar manner.
Loving someone means accepting all of them, even when there may be parts that aren't so great. It's a package deal. The good with the bad...and let's face it...when you get down to it, we're all full of some pretty bad stuff. If we weren't, there would be no need for Grace.
- Aspartame is bad, no matter what anyone tells you
Third Doctor Season 7
Yesterday morning I woke up to this.
Myth No. 9: Only the family breadwinner needs life insurance.
Much as I loathe the reason for being there, I’d forgotten how much I relished certain aspects of being at the hospital. There’s plenty I hate about it, mind – the smell, the waiting, the (ugh) other people – but that tragically inclusive feeling of being in a place where folk know
Yule or Yuletide ("Yule-time") is a winter festival that was initially celebrated by the historical Germanic people as a pagan religious festival, though it was later absorbed into, and equated with, the Christian festival of Christmas. The festival was originally celebrated from late December to early January on a date determined by the lunar Germanic calendar. The festival was placed on December 25 when the Christian calendar (Julian calendar) was adopted.
Visionary: Tina Amorok, PsyD
However, I found a couple of people on line that are willing to send invites if you sign up for their blog and so I did just that. I received two requests to join, but before I could sign up I was sent an invitation from the company so I was no longer on the wait list. I am not sure if I received the invitation from the company because there wasn’t a long wait or if it was because I was sent two invitations from other people. I am not really sure, but I am happy that I got in because I really like the site.
2. People who om like it’s an olympic sport.
1348 D-IV/24(B)/2000. “General Aviation, Geography, and American Constitutionalism.” Constitutional Law class, The School of Law, Loyola University of Chicago, Chicago, Illinois. See Chicago Tribune Magazine, November 26, 2000, pp. 14, 16.
Review: I really enjoyed so much about this book! Aspen was a really easy character for me to relate to. She seemed normal/down-to-earth with just the right amount of tough and feminine. I also really liked the twist of her being in the witness protection program. It really added another element of edge to the story, along with the fact that she’s dodging known stalkers and possible hitmen; she needs to keep her real story under wraps as well.
I came to know her 12 years ago, she is my step-sons grandmother. Yes, her daughter is my husbands ex-girlfriend. This may tell you a bit of why that relationship didn't produce anything but a baby.
Anyhow, my response to all that is that if that is the main way that Elsevier (as opposed to the unpaid referees and editors) adds value, then what I would like to see is a system where we paid Elsevier for adding that value. Under such a system, a journal would be an autonomous organization, but if it wanted its papers to appear on Science Direct, so that they had all those links (the buzzword seems to be “metadata”), then they could pay for that service. Of course, Elsevier would have to set the price at a level that would be worth paying, given what the journal was getting. But then I’d feel confident that Elsevier was getting a fair price for the value it was adding, whereas now I don’t at all.
Copyright issues
And have a productive day!
The only danger is if you go overboard and begin to try to place dates, to calculate exactly when it is going to happen, to be too concerned about specific events which are occurring and too quick to place them in categories so that they fit into chapters of the Apocalypse.
SPIEGEL: You're not convinced that modern nuclear power plants are safe?
Winter’s Bone won the Dramatic Grand Jury Prize at Sundance this past year. But while this award’s pedigree often suggests bland off-Hollywood fare that’s low on legitimate entertainment value (i.e. Quinceañera and Personal Velocity), Winter’s Bone is never less than riveting. A tense thriller, a study of an unforgettable character, and as lived-in a portrait of the South than any film I’ve seen since The Apostle, Granik’s film is a major achievement, and one that will, I hope, kick off long and fruitful careers for both its director and leading lady.
Thanks for viewing this blog post today by Judy Jackson.
And here is a Navajo elder doing the same thing with a longer, but otherwise similar, spindle, while explaining the technique. There are many different techniques, and many forms of spindle, but the essence of the process is much the same.
Source: Comic Book Movie .com
“I’ll go get some stuff to make chicken soup. And maybe look at air purifiers, in case you’re allergic.”
I have two more pages finished from my fabric book. The first one features a patchwork heart made out of marbleized silk.
The Spiritual Assembly of the Baha’is of Malaysia director T.K. Lee said it is important to acknowledge the fundamental nature of humanity and the consciousness and oneness of mankind. “We should have no prejudice among ourselves as we are the flowers of one garden. No matter race or religion, we are basically one,” he said.
Trend Micro releases SecureCloud key management system – Trend Micro announced a product development initiative using Apache CloudStack currently in incubation at the Apache Software Foundation, giving Trend Micro first-mover advantage among those Apache CloudStack users searching for easy-to-deploy encryption solutions tailored to the cloud.
I had to write more often and be consistent, to know my intentions and what I am trying to achieve with my blog.
Talking of “grass” in general is misleading because its colour and texture will vary with the season and the location. Young shoots in spring are a tender green, when long grass scorched by the sun in summer takes an ochre or light brown shade. For green grass, the most common mistake is to go too bright too early. A wash of pure Phtalo green will look artificial. It is good to use strong colours as accents in the foreground, not as block of flat colours.
Not much excuse other than I was drunk all of SXSW and it was fun...the end.
That there is no fate worse
The way the Internet has changed doing business so swiftly that a new book, The Age of the Platform by Phil Simon ($19.95, Motion Publishing, Las Vegas, NV, softcover) will prove a very useful way to make sense and take advantage of it. It is subtitled “How Amazon, Apple, Facebook, and Google Have Redefined Business” and Simon, a technology expert, shows how these companies have pioneered an entirely new business model based on a model that other businesses, large and small, should adopt if they want to thrive in the years ahead. The key has been their ability to secure passionate users, adapt quickly to change, embrace risk-taking and experimentation, continually add valuable planks—products, services or user communities, and integrate multiple devices, websites, and services under one umbrella. It is a treasure trove of information that can help any enterprise grow.
Her recent gigs include premiers at Cannes and chic Parisian clubs, and despite her advanced age, she shows no signs of stopping... of her own volition that is. Mother nature is just waiting for that hip to shatter while she's doing her next jig on the red carpet.
After more than 50 posts here on the subject of the Ohio Smoking ban, I’ve run out of ways to continue saying the same thing over and over again, and make it any clearer. The petition language circulated among the electorate to get the Ohio Smoking Ban on the ballot was improperly certified as both "fair and truthful", when it was clearly neither of these things.
but because the continuous love is starting to bring more pain.
The world is a town in which people
2. Authors that are trying too hard/going too far
Just before midnight I succumbed to nature. Tired, sleepy, and fffreezing cccold, I checked into the settlement's inexpensive (only) motel, built on a hill high above the village's only gasoline station. Morning arrived and it was clear (and cold--grin!) that I had spent the night at the top of a mountain, in "Fancy Gap", Virginia.
She packed many things. Her personal belonging that she would wish to bring with her all fit into a single large chest, including her day wear of robes, her training outfit, her battle armor, her ceremonial armor. That was sure to impress the children; it glinted with platinum and purple metal, fitted together with the finest of linens dyed white and purple. It had always held a special place in her heart, reminding her of the time it was first granted to her, an heirloom passed down from her grandmother she never met, Bru’sha, a great paladin in her own right. She was surprised it had made it through the crash with little to repair, along with many other goods that had been stored on the Exodar in one giant holding room.
The Memorial itself is amazing, even in its unfinished state. And the sculptor behind the Memorial was a remarkable person.
1 1/4 garlic
Harmony gets the show for an episode. There’s 22 episodes, so I’m cool with that even though it never had much potential of being one of my favorites.
Since I talked so much about rationing, I’ll attach the recipe for the Woolton Pie
Maybe you’ve seen my posts about this or maybe you haven’t. But it’s official. I’m going to Disney World. I’ve been hesitant to write too much about it because the truth is that I’m not sure how I feel. But today at LCB, the Disney reps were on campus and I got a twinge of excitement so I’ll go ahead and talk about it now.
“All great changes are preceded by chaos.”
We’ll be writing a future blog post about Spring 2012′s Fashion Colour Report which includes some really pretty and feminine shades in yellow, light green, lilac, dark and sea- inspired blues, a bold pink, and subdued neutrals.
Level 11: 22% chance to deal 125% damage after an attack.
She got them at Costco and it looks like they have at Whole Foods too.
We went out a lot in college. It seems like we went to the Pub on Wednesdays, and then the Cabaret on Thursdays, Fridays and Saturdays. We loved to dance. Disco was where it was at. Sometimes we drove a pretty far distance to go to another club, just to change it up every once in a while. But,sometimes it is good to stay with what you know. My roommate, Pat, found that out one night, in a bar, in another town …..in the Twilight Zone.
Order ID: 31**
BUT IT WASN’T EASY!!! (don’t forget the maggots, Lazarus!)
Testifies that records indicate Obama records have been altered and he is hiding his identity and citizenship.
He has worked so hard for this community and he devotes a large amount of his time to it and I’m sure this must be a dream for him, somebody pinched him yet? But it’s not.. I’m sure for everyone this must be an inspiring event, such a leading light in a community, who alot of us may not know in real life, has worked hard and is now working somewhere where I am sure he never IMAGINED of working at, KingsIsle! I personally would love to work in a gaming industry, I think it’s the right place for me!
At large as the dead,
As much I would like to, I cannot send anyone a copy of the book. This is the truth of digital publishing. I can't do a book signing unless you want me to sign your Ipad, Ipod, Iphone, or computer screen with a permanent marker. (for the record, I would be happy to do that).
Letter F Pattern
Because this is my home,
For a person starting out her career, this advice and mentoring was amazing and something I will never forgot. When Mr. Wells passed away, it was difficult to say goodbye to this man of such great integrity in a business where that is sometimes hard to find.
So what was it about F. Scott Fitzgerald’s novel that I liked? I think, unusually for me, it is the plot which was the main driving force behind my reading of The Great Gatsby. Usually I enjoy the dialogues between two characters, the internal musings of the narration and the way characters respond to one another, but not this time – it was the plot that pushed me on. Fitzgerald’s plot is an intriguing one, I’m not sure what I expected to happen at the end of the book, but I don’t think I would ever have guessed every aspect of the novel’s final chapters.
When nights are cold and lonely
But that did not stop them from shooting at us. They must have the same algorithm that the bugbear archers at the contested bridge in Butcherblock use, which basically amounts to, “If it moves, shoot it. If it stops moving, shoot it again.”
No turning back. No turning back, because I know where it leads. No turning back, because God has reconciled that part of my life. No turning back, because in a race, you must go forward and not look back. If I look back, I risk falling because I am taking my eyes off Jesus, who is before me, as my Shepherd, guiding me through the darkest valleys.
I’ve only had the book a day and, doubtless, will have some more woeful comment to make as I progress, but it’s proving a most diverting read. One to file alongside his outrageous but scandalously entertaining ‘non-fiction’ accounts of The Legend & Bizarre Crimes of Spring-Heeled Jack and The Mystery & Horrible Murders of Sweeney Todd!
I wouldn’t bring this up, beyond the fact that I have found myself in the position of uttering words that I never thought would exit my mouth - “Don’t swing your light-saber in the house!”, for example. But we need to talk about the soundtrack.
My measurements are for the MacBook Pro 17" computer. If you have a different size laptop, you will need to adjust the measurements.
The Sty ready, jetset and off they go to India.
abyssal avenues
Why Photography?
We were still parked on the shoulder with no sign of moving forward.
Now we mustn't confuse The Snorers Wife with The Baby Mumma. If you were to walk around the shopping centre in the bright glow of the early morning sunshine, the two may be hard to distinguish. Sticky up, slightly wonky hairdos. Dazed expressions. Bloodshot puffy eyes peering out above dark smudged crescents. Triple-shot lattes. Mismatched clothing. Oh yes, hard to tell them apart all right, but if you look hard enough you will spot the clue, one will actually have a baby. The other, a slightly disconcerting glint in their eye.
But you will always be to me
The musical's first number is "Beautiful Girls," sung by the character of Roscoe, that introduces all the women. I used the clip from the Paper Mill production not only so you could see all the talented actresses assembled for the production but so you could see the introductory speech of Dmitri Weismann given by none other than Eddie Bracken, who film buffs know from many Preston Sturges classics and younger moviegoers will recognize as Roy Walley from National Lampoon's Vacation. Roscoe is played by Vahan Khanzadian.
For the Balinese; celebration, culture, history, religion and tradition are inextricably bound to their daily lives. India may have strongly influenced its culture, and yet to the observer, even with the statues of Ram, Sita and countless Buddha’s intricately carved on the walls of this island, it remains uniquely Balinese. It is far too incredible to note how any civilization given time, changes with its interaction with other civilizations. And yet somehow the Balinese, merge and retain who they are, with all that they’ve been exposed to in the course of their history.
So who do you vote for? Of these caricatures – assuming nothing further about their policies, about their parties, about other matters: do you vote for the candidate whose actions benefit people but whose words insult and injure you, or do you vote for a candidate whose actions are to the detriment of many (including you) but whose words flatter and praise you?
22k - A free and responsible search for truth and meaning
40 maids a-milking,
He perched across from her. “You can leave, then ma’am. I’ll take over from here.”
In her guest DJ segment, Melissa shines the spotlight on some of the leading lights of Fort Worth's fertile teenbeat scene. In addition to a mother lode of great '60s garage, Mal also spins more recent recordings from The Hickoids, The Ugly Beats, Shapes Have Fangs, and Amplified Heat.
Some things are so easy, they make me feel just a little bit guilty. Making Magic Cookie Bars is one of them. They look like something that should have taken a lot of effort to prepare .... but they're just so easy to make. The bad part is that my husband saw me throw them together last night, so I can't fool him anymore. He thought I was a master baker. Now he knows the truth.
The boy was lonely at Cecil House, but then he was used to being lonely, and there at least there was a great library of books to explore, an immense garden filled with every sort of plant, while around the dinner table was heard the conversation of the most influential people of the time, foreign ambassadors and agents, lawyers with important cases to discuss, Spanish, German, Polish, Russian; all fascinating. The following year his cousin, the young Earl of Rutland, only a year older than himself and also ward of the Crown, joined him at Cecil House. For the first time he knew what it meant to have the close companionship of a boy his own age. They went to all the great Court and holiday functions together.
Pretty, eh?
3. Strawberries, .99/lb. at Sprouts (through 8/4/10)
Troubles come whether you will or not.
My objective, in this our twenty-first century, is to found a new and totally independent universal Masonic Lodge, an attempt to reach a generous and just standard in the way we live our lives.
Manicures are fun, but I've always kind of thought they were a waste of money. You spend thirty minutes hanging out, doing nails, pay $25 (or more), and BAM, on the way out the door, you smudge something.
By the following week I had a small part of myself convinced of exactly that. I had to spend three days at a conference and though we communicated back and forth as much as possible, I had convinced a part of myself that I was overreacting. That I was being silly acting like a teenager with a high school crush. Then he sent me a text on Wednesday, saying that he would be home on Thursday, a day earlier than expected. The wait was over. It’s a mighty damn good thing I was driving a van load of ladies home the next day…the 5 hour drive kept me from going absolutely insane with the thoughts that were running through my head.
Modern science, unsurprisingly, comes down squarely on Rameau's side, finding that our seemingly innate sense of musical harmony - as well as our awareness of pulse and rhythm - provides an important reason why we find pleasure in the apparently purposeless activity of playing and listening to music.
Could it really last?
9. On average, how many hours do you spend on the internet each day?
He stops for a while, and seems to be angry at himself; for what he’s feeling, perhaps…
If you want to guarantee your resume gets the right attention from recruiters, employers, etc, keep it simple!
I left home on Friday 20th January with between 1,500 and 1,800 wds of the next novel, and a year's worth of thinking, and the knowledge that gradually I'd persuaded myself that this thing could be attempted. The prequel plus the sequel of The Coward's Tale, in one.
Or, we can choose peace and gratitude and understanding. When they break a window with a hockey puck, we can congratulate them on their hard shot and talk about safer places at which to shoot. When they put a fork in the microwave, we can unplug it, clear out the smoke, throw out the microwave, and then help them get that meal they were trying to make. When they wash the car with a brick (which, after all, does look a bit like a sponge), we can take the brick away and give them a sponge. And when they use all of our $28 irrigation solution, we can say "thank you" and gently put it back.
Alcohol By Volume : 10.50%
So if you want a chance to win some of these fabulous digital stamps yourself then just come along and play with us! Remember we aren't called Pile It On for nothing and we need to see those combined challenges as part of your entry.
The BBC was one of many news organisations - but perhaps the most high-profile - to carry an amusing/outrageous report about a rabbinical court in Jerusalem sentencing a dog to death by stoning.
Others may feel inclined to sleuth out some “Hitch in the Giddyap” that feels too good to be true (And it usually is!).
Q: In Velvet, a regular visitor to Madame Savoya was Lily Langtree, a (real) society beauty and mistress to the future king. In the Sixties a song was inspired by her. What was it and who sang it?
Other questions also exist like will Iguodala be a part of the Sixers future plans? Will Elton Brand be as productive as he was last season? What type of impact will Nikola Vucevic have in his rookie season? Can Temple product Lavoy Allen make the team? Should the team use the amnesty clause on Andres Nocioni $6 million contract? Will Jodie Meeks continue to provide a shooting spark? Will Lou Williams continue to thrive as a sixth man?
We might well be a little bit in love with Conveyor, and by the end of 2012, we hope you will be too.
Scout Association Chief Commissioner Pau Shiu-hung said the programme will enhance scouts' respect and knowledge in copyright protection, while Invention Association Chairman Cheung King-fung said it will foster youngsters' respect for creativity and give support to budding inventors.More: Scout Association of Hong Kong.
The kids said it was super yummy ( the polenta) and loved it. It will be a staple from now on for sure.
a group of individuals, writers, want-to-be authors and inquisitive wordsmiths that have become “literally” numb from reading the numerous author help related blog posts. Many of these postings are subjective and do not offer any substantial documentation regarding purported claims regarding publishers and other industry professionals. In addition, many of these sites have become nothing more than complaint boards that disseminate speculative claims without any substantiation. We do not discount the validity of some claims made. However, we want to question both sides of an issue and to assist other authors in making informed decisions. If a fact is proven true we’ll support it. If a claim is twisted, slanted, incomplete, not updated (retracted) or smells like innuendo . . . we’ll challenge it. Sounds admirably even-handed, doesn't it? Unfortunately, providing reasoned discourse to assist in the formulation of balanced choices is not what The Write Agenda is all about. TWA's real agenda is to harass, discredit, and intimidate just about anyone who speaks out about literary scams, or supports anti-scam activities.
In our cries for help, our Hero, the One called “Faithful and True” (Rev. 19:11), our Savior on His mighty, white steed, comes galloping alongside us. If we surrender the reins of the situation to the Lord and allow Him to take over, He will bring it under control in His own way and in His own time.
A good sign that I loved Mahr's is the complete lack of notes in my notebook. I made some notes on the first beer, Mahr's Helles, which I think I hadn't had before. It was cleaner than most Helles, with a surprisingly sorbet-like hoppy/citrus thing on top of a bready, cream soda base, with a lick of butterscotch and a herbal bitterness bringing up the rear. I know we certainly had plenty of the Ungespundet, which is reason enough to visit the place.
866 ***D-XI/6/1983. “George Orwell’s 1984 and the Limits of Tyranny.” Basic Program Weekend Conference, The University of Chicago, Alpine Valley Resort, East Troy, Wisconsin. (Incorporated in Item B-5, above, pp. 161-80 (1992).)
These days, Alan has returned to his previous hobby of basketball collecting. However, he understands the power of autographs. Whether it's one faith, one team, one school or state -- there are so many ways to make your collection reflect YOU. You'll appreciate the hobby more, as will the signers who give you remarkable results.
Lucy Lawless ("Zena: Warrior Princess," "Tarzan") and Dylan Neal ("Dawson's Creek") reprise their roles as Dr. Maddy Rierdon and Dan Dryer from the CBS Television Movie "Locusts" in VAMPIRE BATS, a television movie that was broadcast as the "CBS Sunday Movie," Sunday, Oct. 30, 2005 (9:00-11:00 PM, ET/PT) on the CBS Television Network.
I’ve chosen to (not) do this for two reasons. First, it’s very easy for me to push myself into a relapse by not getting enough rest and by stressing myself out. Since I’m already going to be working more, I can’t expect to be able to work out every day like I was when I wasn’t working a lot. I know better than to set unrealistic goals for myself, and so instead of setting rules and the like, I’m going to do these things WHENEVER I CAN, instead. It won’t be as much as I’d like, but it will be more than I’ve done in the past two weeks and it will certainly be enough when combined with two weeks of martial arts and touring Japan.
Kelenna Azubuike – (Nike) Hyperdunk – size 14.5
4 slices salami, sliced into small strips
Some Bible passages picture angels with wings (Isaiah 6:2,6). Other verses talk about angels flying, and we assume that the wings would be useful for that flight (Daniel 9:21). However, I suspect that angels can move around without having to depend on wings. Most references to angels in the Bible say nothing about wings, and in passages like Genesis 18-19, it is certain that no wings were visible.
So that’s my last offering for 2011. I invite you to share with me what you are most proud of this year, and what you’re most committed to achieving in 2012. Writing it down and making it public is a great way to tell the universe that you really mean business.
The best part though for me came at the end. I normally don't even address Fragile X right away with therapists because I get blank stares or those "I am pretending I know what you're talking about " nods. (I of course bring it up later with hand out materials included). This OT though..she knew. Not only had she heard about FX and had a basic understanding of it - but she has actually worked with FX kiddos before. I about fell over. Great with Ayden, good at her job (she actually read though the chart ahead of time and did not re-ask the questions we filled out), AND worked with Fragile X before. I haven't been this excited about a person that was working with Ayden since our Early On occupational therapist. I'm very excited for things to come.
Should I feel something about these people too? Because now that I think about it, I feel kind of bad, but really, these are also the backstabbers and the people who and fake and insincere.
Peter was ecstatic of course that I had a certified cheque so quickly. He came to my shop to pick it up and we had quite a good conversation. He was a psychologist, and was hugely into self development, did speaking engagements, etc. So out of such a negative, volatile situation sprang a very good friendship. I always look for the silver lining, and knew somehow we’d be friends for a very long time.
I am so glad that it is Friday! Tonight after work Bill and I are headed to a local greenhouse to stock up for planting weekend! I am so excited, I look forward to this every year. I hopped right out of bed this morning :)
Time Warp
Back in January I posted the sophomore effort from Portal, Lost in The Translation and I was pleasantly surprised to hear from folks how much they liked it or were looking for it for years, lost their copy or whatever. So without further delay I happy to finally share the debut release from Portal. For those who missed that first post, Portal was a experimental home recording project by Contra/Church of the Rowdy guitarist Stephe Cooper. In these home experiments Cooper employed various genres-prog rock, art rock, kraut rock, midi/electronic music, ambient and even lo fi garage punk. I think Lost in The Translation is a much more calculated, though out work thus to my ears being a bit more enjoyable than the debut, however this disc is certainly enjoyable and firmly lays the groundwork of what was to come. Honestly, it is a shame that Cooper only released two Portal cds because both are so damn good. This debut cd-r features a Jane's Addiction cover.
Either that or I’ll bore y’all to tears. Both are equally possible.
I feel pregnant again a few months ago. We lost that baby too. We didn't tell people that we'd fallen pregnant, but eventually I did tell a few friends that I'd lost another.
The Polar Express ... ABC Family ... 8:30 PM
mcdonald’s: why will mcdonald’s give me more catsup than i’d ever use (if i even liked the stuff) but want to charge me for a cup of delicious sweet and sour sauce? that’s fucked up.
My prediction – I don’t think the WWE is ready for Lauranitis to leave and how many more tag team matches can Teddy Long make?!? I think Team Johnny wins this one but I will say that with 1 caveat. Mush Mouth Lauranitis, ole Super Dave himself might have let a secret slip last Monday when he said something about the Miz being on Team Teddy. If the WWE wants to make the Miz a face (and they really should) what better way of doing it than having him turn at WrestleMania costing Team Johnny the match? I think that is a possibility and I think it would be controversial enough that Otunga would be able to go to court for Lauranitis and keep him on TV. Now it’s just a guess but I think it would be a good story for all involved.
Platinum: 30.79 g/oz, is now cheaper than gold for the first time since December 2008
Enjoy! And maybe make a cuppa for yourself while you’re at it…
As I watch him jog off towards the doors of the grocery store, already working the casual swagger of a much older and cooler boy, I fight back small swells of irrational panic. I mentally take in the parking lot. The people coming and going. Cars, trucks and vans that could hold something or someone suspect. Finally, after a thorough casing of the joint, I reach an uneasy peace.
No, I would prefer it if we called the enemy by his true name: Jihadi (or Jihadist, if you like). These are people bent on one goal and one ideal. They want to make the world just like them. Every country an Islamic country. Every place of worship a mosque. Every opinion approved by the Prophet. There will be conformity, submission, or death. I’m not guessing at this. I’m taking it straight from the playbook.
Recently though I’ve also been developing an issue with my peripheral vision, largely the movement of peoples’ hands and feet when they idly fiddle. Today it’s been worse. But I feel like I can’t tell people about this problem, because I just feel so unreasonable asking people to pretty much sit perfectly still. I feel bad enough having to ask people to stop making noises – this just looks petty.
Verve The drugs don’t work UK
3. Candlemass 'Under the Oak' (Tales of Creation version)
Young people’s income was at its highest since the end of the Second World War, creating the desire for a wardrobe which did more than simply copy adult dress. The clothes aimed specifically at young people which Mary Quant had been designing since the late 1950s became popular. Boutiques, like Quant’s ‘Bazaar’ and Barbara Hulanicki’s ‘Biba’ provided inexpensively made clothing suited to a busy, urban lifestyle. Instead of buying outfits designed for specific occasions or times of the day, people preferred separates which they could combine in different ways.
Don't get me wrong. I am all for the more well-to-do spending their money on quality things! If they didn't do that, there would be nothing for those of more modest means to thrift! I get an anxiety attack when I read stories in the newspaper about the well heeled dabbling in second-hand shopping.
What they do depends on which department they are in, of course, but it takes a lot of their time, so if you want your MP spending more time in the constituency looking after local affairs, you’d better hope they aren’t made a Minister. I’ll do posts on each of the major Ministers in the future.
So I was asked why on earth I was resigning. Did I not want the Tories to win? Would victory not taste better if I continued to spend some of my spare time working for such an end? Was not the overthrow of the Brown Terror the one thing that simply had to happen?
This is a very disturbing issue, one I'm sure we all would prefer not to discuss. Yet we need to know the truth as the Church's enemies inside and out will be using it more frequently in the unavoidable battle. As members of the Church Militant we have a responsibility to defend our faith.
Utilitarianism is a consequentialist theory (teleological) it looks at the likely consequences of an action rather than the action of doing. So in essence any action that provides good results for most people could be classed as utilitarian. It gives rise to the saying that the end justifies the means.
Hallo people!
It is significant that the psychedelic drugs used for their spiritual virtues have also been used to facilitate labour. This is the case of cannabis, which has been, and still is, a Holy plant in many cultures all over the world. Although some European countries, Canada, and some US states have legalised medical cannabis, it is only through anecdotes and word of mouth that we are learning about its actual effects in the particular case of the birth process. The biochemical effects of the cannabinoids – the most prevalent psychoactive substances in cannabis – have been widely studied. In 1990, the discovery of cannabinoid receptors located throughout the brain and body, along with endogenous cannabinoid neurotransmitters, suggested that cannabis affects the brain in the same manner as a naturally occurring brain chemical. Cannabinoids play an easy to observe role in neocortical activity, with a distortion of the perception of time and space; furthermore, they affect pain transmission by interacting with the system of endorphins.6 Their effects on the birth process can therefore be easily interpreted.
He, fortunately, either didn't remember me (he'd been pretty drunk) or was pretending not to remember me (didn't want to admit losing the girl to a med student).
KG What makes your style different from other young artists on the rise today?
Maybe more later, but for now, I'm off.
- Gold chain necklaces.
Dahlia Seed - Tour 7" 500 Pressed clear vinyl - Cover of Voivods "Missing Sequences" ... Troubleman Unlimited 1996
A work mate of mine declared herself a life time spinster – she loves being single and intends to stay that way. She’s always first to diss the married people and tease girls who get carried away with wedding plans. So when her boyfriend arranged a special dinner date and told her to dress up we all jumped to the conclusion he was going to propose to her – the look of horror on her face made us laugh, she said, she’d probably break up with him there and then if he was ‘foolish’ enough to propose. Her words made me feel for guys thinking of popping the question.
If you are not racist, you do not want to go see a comedian who is mildly racist.
"Excuse me?"
I remember watching Michael Palin shows like Around the World in 80 Days and Pole to Pole on rainy school holidays at my Aunt’s house in Glasgow. I was completely addicted to them, they made me realise how different other places and people were which I’ve wanted to explore ever since. I’ve been hooked on all his other travel shows ever since as well as comedies such as Monty Python and Ripping Yarns, at the release of the latter I was lucky enough to meet him! That’s why it’s all his fault I’m writing this blog
29-Pictures Of Lily
Each of these fabrics is really cool and special.
There are some folks who insist on their barbecued or grilled foods having a sticky, finger-licking sauce that aids in adding further taste and makes eating such foods so darn messy that in many BBQ joints the plates come with a bib. A good BBQ sauce added at the last turn or two of cooking bakes and caramelizes on the surface creating a most delectable outcome.
Jennie’s Brooklyn origins have fascinated Churchill fans ever since, in part because they are so unexpected. It means that patrician, conservative Winston Churchill, “the Greatest Brit of all Time,” has roots in the old neighborhood, so to speak.
So with that being said I will introduce the topic for May in a few days, but until then, I will leave you with a couple of gems from a few special ladies:
Arab Muslims’ racist attitudes towards Black African Muslims is one of the main reasons why Islam is losing 3-4 million followers a year in sub-Saharan Africa – Arabs won’t invest in mosques and proselytizing in the region, so the religion dies.
Relief came over me. My legs felt like jello, I was shaking, I couldn’t think straight, and all I wanted was water. I started to cry. I may have been the only one crying, but I didn’t care. I went into the runners area where they were handing out snacks and drinks and I looked everywhere for the boyfriend. I wanted to run (walk fast) up to him, hug him and tell him how proud I was of him and then I wanted to cry. But I couldn’t find him anywhere. All I could think about at this moment was “I would have waited for him if I came in before him”. So I headed up to the seating area where his mother was planning on meeting us. I get up there and I don’t see the boyfriend, his sister or his father. So I could only assume they were still downstairs getting snacks and drinks and I just missed them because of all the people. So I asked his mother where they were. Her response “no one has come in yet, you’re the first”.
Work on ceremony readings/vows
Maybe we put too much pressure on ourselves, but girls and guys alike want the opposite (or the same gender) to appreciate them and realize, “Hey, that person doesn’t suck at life. They’re a keeper!” I don’t know, I’ll still probably go on and be awkward while doing whatever I’ll be doing when I meet new people. Unfortunately, I don’t think that I can completely eliminate my nervousness when I meet new people.
*Trached/Vented 18y/o Full Code who was stabbed in the neck 3 months ago and is now a total veggie. (Seriously? Full code? What kind of life is he going to have?? Ugh!!!) He came in for myoclonic seizures.
Also, one-third of the 3-m Afrikaners have been chased off their land. homes and jobs in South Africa over the past ten years due to the ANC-government's anti-white laws.
Churches and their leaders become mediocre when they try pleasing everyone. Try to please everyone and you’ll end up pleasing no one. Engaging in this ridiculous activity denies diverse gifts, embraces medocrity, and insults our maker.
Instilling healthy habits in children – believe it or not – you impart a legacy of health to your children that goes well beyond the genes you give them. You also pass along health beliefs and model health – related choices.
RETURNS varchar AS $$
Tonight Blake chose Christmas in the Trenches by John McCutcheon. This is a book I picked up at ,where else but, a thrift store a couple of years ago and it remains one of our favorites. The author first wrote a song, then a book was developed from that. The touching storyline is loosely based on a Christmas truce that occurred during WWI.
Instead I casually asked Savannah, "So, who is that and why does he think he has the right to talk to you?!" I mean, "So, how do you know him?"
Reason for Recall: Health Hazard - E. coli
for the first time a post fossil society is emerging,
1. Lightly toast the baguette slices & let cool.
Director: Raoul Walsh
180g cooked broccoli
Fun and Exciting, and occassionally Awesome. Although, upon entering Madison Square Garden I wondered if the concert would have been better titled "The Paunchy Khaki Shorts Wearing, Middle Aged White Guys (and the former Goths and High School Sweethearts They Married) Tour"
“The character of a nation as a people of great deeds is one, it appears to me, that should not be lost sight of. It must surely be a matter of regret when names worthy to be remembered and stories stimulating and instructive are allowed to be forgotten…The material prosperity of a nation is not an abiding possession; the deeds of its people are.”
5. Visit the caves in Lascaux, France. The caves are famous for their paleolithic cave paintings. My ceramics professor visited those caves in the early 90′s. After he returned, he was a changed man. He even had his license plate personalized with the word “LASCAUX”. I admired my ceramics professor so much. I think if I visited the Lascaux caves, I would have a life altering experience, as well. Doesn’t everyone desire something monumental in their life?
Even in writing, it always goes back to balance for me. The problem is that so much of my writing directly originates from my personal experience. Sometimes it is a healing sharing but more often, the life I live prompts or inspires me to write. So how does one share personal experience without sounding unbalanced? I don’t believe it possible.
Next to tulips, daisies are my favorite flower.
I pray that this little house, our home, becomes everything God wants it to be.
Last October, the parties in the suit reached a settlement--a mind-numbingly complicated arrangement that, depending on whom you ask, is either the first step toward a universal world library or the next step in Google's quest for world domination. Much like desperately ill patients forced to research their own health care, authors were faced with the prospect of taking a crash course in Googlenomics in order to decide whether to opt in to the settlement--in which case they'd receive a small amount of money for Google's use of their work, but potentially give up a good deal of control of that use--or opt out, in which case they would get no money and potentially lose all control.
Not a bad thing, in fact good old M&S has had more unique beers for me to try than any other supermarket and Loughton has much larger stores than it’s branch of M&S so for this one to beat the others… they are doing well. Whether the beers are subtly different from the breweries other beers or they are fresh takes on old recipes is neither here or there for me. It’s the fact they are easily available and tasty!
Wake up and smell the coffee caked people! You're smelling warm, moist, fluffy yeast bread; you're smelling cinnamon and sugar; you're smelling Sunday morning and flannel sheets, and you're smelling comfort right out of the oven. Really, it's quite worthwhile to stay awake for.
FYI: In Singapore, only monogamy is allowed.
And I can’t get that combo of colors out of my mind! I think the pink color is actually a little more red in the magazine. I can’t stop thinking about it and think it could be gorgeous as the background color for the bookshelves. (Here, let me say “think” one more time…think.)
Nathaniel snickered. “What was that?” he asked.
Now for that moment with the universe...
I Am Blessed Filigree Earrings remind me that I am blessed and all I need to do is look inside and all around me to find my blessings. I Love these earrings and I feature them in my new business card which I can’t wait to share with you. with you. I will include the new business card as a picture along with “Pocahontas Samincha ” once they are printed.
So instead of showing you a new quilt how about some photos of Cogne, Italy from our ski trip?
When he dreams of an acquaintance who is battling for her own life and her children from their abusive father, he decides to take matters into his own hands. The following day he sees the local news discussing the facts… from his dream. He then realizes, these are not dreams, but real life events. He has influence in the lives of others, the ability to help them or harm them. But at what cost?
February 2001 - August 2002 (Contract Work)
4) Mzine Mdihek
The assembled technicians and scientists go crazy, as the workers who bet on “Redneck Zombie Family” win the pool.
Out of contract in the summer:
There certainly is a lot of love out there in blog land and we had some stunning entries this week.
Your Future Mother
The Lord gave such a warning in Matthew 23:2-26.
Censoring offence out of existence is never going to work. But attempts to do so will stand in the way of talking about not only religion, but philosophy, politics, and art. It will make the world a very boring place indeed. Life is wasted without freedom.
“Jockeys and Jewels is a sparkling jewel of a romance–clever, entertaining, and touching.” - Julianne MacLean, USA TODAY Bestselling Author
Sure if I had the budget I would be buying as many as I could get my hands on. However as a budget crafter you cannot beat making your own mists.
So, I'm digging Boston so far! Lots of cool historical shit, lots of cool people, lots of cool, uh, donuts - and it's gonna be fall soon! Yay!
Somebody in management needs to have a talk with Edwin. Let him think he’s getting the ax, and he’ll be more than grateful to stop putting his onions in the regular trash.
On the surface the idea of an EMP attack seems far less severe than a nuclear attack as there's no fall-out to deal with nor any radiation sickness. But stop and think about it, a sudden pulse that knocks out electricity across the country all at once. Any device with ANYTHING electronic in it is fried. Some cars (pre-1980) might still run but they'd be few and far between. No Internet, no television, no radio-- basically we'd be completely cut off from each other. Instead of a UNITED States of America government would suddenly be forced to turn completely local and we'd be scattered groups of city-states.
They begin to date. She’s Sonia, the chambermaid, and he’s Guido, the … (they keep us in suspense for a while) an ex-cop now working as a security surveillance guy. This means he watches the security monitors in a mansion filled with art treasures and other expensive things.
This guy had been a great resource all weekend long, providing some great drills and practical tips that I use today. All this while being friendly and authoritative at the same time…
….And here is one of Robin’s lists that have changed my life already, please see below. Thank you Mr. Sharma! I’m grateful for you and who you are in the world.
But my favorite commercial of all time has to be Mr. Microphone. It's so unbearably cheesy, yet I lap up every second of it and beg for more. "Hey, good looking, I'll be back to pick you up later!"
yesterday, after sixteen days. One thing I forgot to mention in my previous preview is that you have to keep in mind that I placed my orders during Christmas holidays, and if there were delays I'm sure that's one of the most important reasons.
There’s a trail of grease
"if faith can move the mountains
In his first film role in NINE! years, Macaulay Culkin takes on the role of Michael Alig. A challenge? You wouldn’t know it by his spot-on, twisted-yet-hilarious performance. He plays “elegantly wasted” to perfection.
his love is glorious, his love is marvellous, his love is generous, his love is matchless
The movie is intense. The emotions are real. Starkwell and Lovelock’s reaction? Well eventually, they were excited and happy, once the FEARFUL SOBBING, CRYING AND SCREAMING from the ending subsided. They already can’t wait for the sequel(s). They liked it enough that they want to watch the American one for comparison’s sake. I have a feeling that the documented conversation might be very similar. We’ll have to wait and see.
Payments in such deals are hassle-free and alteration is easy. “I pay only once I have zeroed in on an outfit post the trial. And if something is not my size, all I do is bring it to the notice of Atosa and they swiftly dispatch a replacement,” Advani emphasises. Hirani perhaps sums it up best when he says, “Let’s admit it everybody loves a good ego massage.”
I’ve said this before on this blog but I do believe Baclofen is my miracle.
I was so toally pleased with my mare all these rides, she was willing and able, though we mostly HAD TO WALK, for the grounds were slick and sometimes deep with moisture. When we could find a place to trot or canter, she was meeted and measured in balance and calm. I love her more and more, and riding on bareback saddle has been glorious...my core has never been better...I have stayed totally fit this winter with riding the softsaddle.
Especially in the fall when apples are plentiful, we go through a LOT of them. Apple sauce, Apple Butter, apple everything! But the problem is that almost all of these recipes require you to peel and core the apples before using them in a recipe. (Not to mention a 3 year old who all of a sudden thinks the apple skin is icky...)
And at this point no one really gives a damn. If you really look at it closely, none of this outcome makes any sense. Why would the Machine leader agree to any of this preposterous conclusion? Machines don’t want peace! They’re machines for Pete’s sake! How do humans already plugged into the Matrix decide if they want to be freed? They’re inside a fake world already! And is this ending supposed to mean that there will be an eventual breach of the peace and that war will break out again anew? Weren’t the machines ready to eliminate the human race if necessary? Why declare peace and give up their power supply of jacked-in humans? It. Doesn’t. Make. Any. Sense.
We were created in the image of the Almighty Providence, created to serve as free will beings who will co-create worlds with the Prime Creator. Sadly, the power to co-create has been badly misused, which has seen our world, during the epoch of the Money Economy, degenerate into a prison camp controlled by an oligarchic class that shows no compunction in seeing millions die of misery and hunger for the gain-sake of advancing the insatiable greed of the same oligarchs and their technocratic-military-political subalterns.
I considered myself to be a quiet person, although in hindsight, I’m not sure if that’s ever really been true. On the stage, I was an actress and a musician and a speech giver. I loved these pieces of myself because they felt so different from the person I was off of the stage.
A red light is flashing for the green energy business. After a three-year boom, the outlook for wind, solar and other renewable energy companies has turned sharply negative. The tax credits, grants, loans and other subsidies that sparked the growth of these technologies are shrinking fast. It has been called a "subsidy cliff." The question now is who will fall and who will fly. Green power skeptics say most businesses in this sector are not ready to face the market on their own. "They're basically going to disappear," said economist Benjamin Zycher, a visiting scholar at the American Enterprise Institute. "They're woefully uneconomical."
You can aspire to serve your country. You can aspire to work with honesty and commitment. You can aspire to for hard-earned money, rather than the easy way. You can aspire to help the needy. You can aspire to believe in equality in work. You can aspire to serve your parents till the world’s end.
Federal officials released fresh data from both surveys last week, making the discrepancies even more stark.
#2 - "Time Enough At Last" - The very first TZ I ever saw, and the one that's probably closest to my story - minus the nuclear holocaust, of course. My favorite character actor Burgess Meredith WAS the Twilight Zone, and he's heartbreaking in this story of a nebbishy little bank teller who only wanted to be left alone with his beloved tomes. This was also one of the first episodes aired; audiences accustomed to happy endings must have felt kicked in the gut. When the cruel vicissitudes of Kismet strike, it's hard not to let out a gasp. Which reminds me; time to get new contact lenses. Just in case.
Today I did week 5 day 1 workout which is a 5 min walk warm-up then: run 5 mins, walk 3 mins, run 5 mins, walk 3 mins, run 5, then I did a 4 min walk cool-down & hit the elliptical for 30 mins. I was even smiling during some of the running, juust sayin.
43 One Hundred Years of Solitude – Gabriel Garcia Marquez*
Best Moment this week: We had girls weekend (week really) this week. That meant my sisters and mom were all together to catch up. Loved seeing my sisters, loved Nolen getting to play with his cousins. What I love even more is that we can now officially pack away the guest bed in Hudsons room and start really putting this room together. Future guests can now enjoy a lovely sofa bed!
Self doubt - Stop it! (some of the best advice ever thanks to Pres. Uchtdorf)
Before I start, I found out yesterday that draft was no longer a format at the prerelease. It has been replaced by Two headed giant sealed. I only played once a two headed sealed and frankly, I don’t like it. Still, I will write a few lines on each strategy on how to play it at a two headed giant sealed. If you don’t know, this sealed is played by teams of 2. Each team is given 8 boosters to make their two decks. The shared life total is 30 and the poison counters are upped to 15.
They’re also a great way to bring plants in for the winter without bringing in outside soil that may have outdoor pests nesting in the soil. You can plant them once they take root in potting soil and enjoy fresh herbs in the winter.
Suggestions: Don’t expect for Asi to deliver the goods night in and night out, as his biological age were quickly catching him up. Meralco needed a center. Enter Japeth Aguilar.
Percent of complex words : 15.9
With an appealing admixture of contemporary design and old-world craftsmanship, watches in the Jazzmaster collection are bestsellers. This particular model has a stainless steel case and bezel and a brown leather watchband. The silver dial has a single Arabic numeral at the twelve o'clock hour and a handsome date display over the six o'clock hour marker. A scratch-resistant sapphire crystal cover protects the timepiece in up to 165 feet (50 meters) of water. There is even a partial skeleton case back, which lets owners observe all of the little cogs and gears that power this inimitable watch.
The real value of the Primer Residue test is that it can associate an individual with a firearm. It is important, however, to note that this does not identify that person as the shooter. Primer residue can settle on any hand placed near a weapon as it is fired. A person can pick up the residue simply by handling a dirty weapon or discharged ammunition components. - (Sourced from Gunshot Primer Residue – The Invisible Clue)
Irvin Naylor
Hips: 51″
You might think that missionaries don’t struggle with wanting material things or perhaps that we are “above” wanting things to look nice.
This was a very intriguing event, and one of the top stories in 2011, as it featured one half of the double sprint attempt of Allyson Felix (USA).
she not boo
Cats are easily attracted to toys that move around a lot and smell like catnip. I'm like a cat, except I don't need the catnip: multicolored anything gets me excited.
The vocabulary produced by a movement creates a phenomenon called “erasure by umbrella” by Rand (Rand 596). She found referring to her various forms of activism as “queer” seemed to overshadow the racial elements in her work, an effect she refers to as “colonizing” (Rand 593 – 594). This is the same effect that Christian outlined. Indeed, another contemporary anti-theorist, Rimstead, felt that labeling acts of social justice leads to tension between the various communities and schools of thought within a single activist (Rimstead 205). This is similar to the tension between identities that Christian outlined, being black and being a woman. One finds their anti-racist or feminist convictions at odds with queer theory, which historically has been the territory of white, university-educated men (Somerville 196, Rand 591). This tension could occur between many theories that one may adhere to simultaneously.
Goal is not to categorize, but general progress.
Arranged, produced and conducted by Ray Conniff
1. Draw a blob/circle.
for the one
A Reading Rainbow!"
No More Late Nights (or early mornings)
7. I love to travel, especially on road trips. There’s just something about the open road, taking you places that you’ve never been before and showing you things you’ve never seen. There are adventures to be had, and I want to have them all!
What is amusing about this from my standpoint is that Michuta is obviously relying solely on his secondary source, Breen. Furthermore, Breen has overlooked (for whatever reason) the apparently equally good canonical reference to Numbers 23:19, possibly based on familiarity only with the Latin translation, or other secondary reference (such as the source I’ve linked above, which provides only the apocryphal reference).
While Lotus only managed the qualify 7th and 11th, due to a tire conservation strategy, they were podium contenders on race day. The E20 had amazing straight line speed and allowed Kimi Raikkonen to catch Sebastian Vettel. I knew it was only a matter of time before Kimi earned his first podium finish.
Primarily I used rv04, c5 and special black with my airbrush for the background and then BV000, bv00, bv29, rv000, rv00, rv04, v91 and c5 for the drawing and doodling on the page.
I am guilty. I text, respond to emails, check out Facebook, read endless streams of tweets, and sometimes even play Angry Birds.
Malaysiakini photographer Koh Jun Lin was arrested, and his camera equipment confiscated. Malay Mail confirmed that its photographer Arif Kartono was punched by police and his camera destroyed.
In this two-hour workshop, you will have a chance to learn and practice 4 of the 66 moves from the ancient Chinese martial art of Liuhebafa. (The complete 66-move sequence of Liuhebafa, once decoded, is purported to be a recipe for Taoist internal alchemy and even immortality.) The 4 moves chosen for this workshop each embody the themes of Eliot’s now-famous poem.
I use a MacBook pro for my primary development these days, now that I am switching between ObjectiveC and C++. anyhow, If you are like me, you probably have an old Mac lying around doing nothing, or maybe its only getting lightly used. who knows.
“Who will help me plant this grain of corn?” she asked.
This is what parenting is all about. Enjoying all of the little moments because, right now, they are big moments. As parents we have every right to celebrate these little achievements and to be proud of them. We get to laugh at them and laugh at ourselves for bragging about bodily functions and growth chart percentages. If your goal is to document parenthood in a light-hearted and funny way then write about the silly things you do as a new parent in a way that makes other parents feel its okay, not in a way that makes new parents feel ashamed of their feelings.
As a Stay At Home Mother, sometimes I am so tired of dealing with the kids all day, I forget to be a wife. That is why I subscribe to some internet newsletters to give myself Daily Affirmations on How To Be A Better Wife.
I am really worried that the Government just don't get it. It would appear that as the riots have abated for now already the seriousness of the situation is being downgraded. David Cameron talks tough about rioters going to prison while the Courts bail them. He also makes it clear that the reduction in the policing budget will go ahead. Kenneth Clarke has announced that the Government will increase the maximum curfew sentence from 12 hours a day for 6 months to 16 hours a day for 12 months. So already we can see that the focus will be on non custodial sentences.
So I’ve actually made this dish a couple times before… I made it last year for Super Bowl and I make it randomly when I get lazy to cook and want something easy & quick. This would be that. It’s a cheating recipe though since I do use Hormel to mix in with the rest of the ingredients but it’s still a good dish to make for a quick meal. And… not that we have kids yet… but I would probably take a guess that this is one of those dinners that would fall under “kid-friendly” meals. Enjoy!
I’m realizing that Little K’s and my good days and bad days highly depend on my level of “momfidence.” It’s odd how small things can seem like the end of the world (thank you hormones and sleep deprivation!) and yet small victories can really boost your confidence in being a great mom.
2012 (#39)
Sweet Cobra
Tell you what, he said,
I says, "I guess we've all heard of that ball bearin' stud,
My plan with this whole blogging business was to wow you all with my intelligence and well-reasoned arguments so the occasional nonsensical Tweets about “OMG NEEDS MOAR CASTIEL” would get a pass between my thoughtful questions about aid to Pakistan.
Although the Israel branch of the Conservative Movement has long asserted its independence in matters of Jewish Law, Rabbi Ramon felt that in light of the discussions in North America generated by the split CJLS decision, it was important to clarify the policy of the Schechter Rabbinical Seminary.
Pabst Blue Ribbon Milwaukee, Wisconsin, Pale Lager, 5% abv
The next door is ornate, covered in fleur-de-lis, gold on blue. This door seems to invite me, calling me. I put up one hand and touch the cool wood, lean my head against it. I smile as I imagine I hear music, soft music and pleasant voices, the occasional clink of wine glasses, silverware and fine china. A skeleton lock. I try the set of five keys, each in turn. The first four slide into the lock, but do not turn. I take a deep breath before trying the last, but I already know. It doesn’t even fit. I move on.
We rode through the night in the pine woods of Georgia,
*** is very very very smart...
Ki in Aikido is a misunderstood concept. When students are taught ki, without having experienced it, they draw their own conclusions and ultimately it remains abstract and gets misappropriated. For Sensei Auger it is a mental force that comes through discipline. OSensei was a practical man. As he developed Aikido there was no well laid out curriculum as taught nowadays. He told each student what to do (or improve) based on their shortcomings.
* You’ve written adult novels in the past, so what made you decide to write for children? Is it a genre you enjoy reading? Was Coping with Chloe your first attempt at writing a children’s novel?
However to help me take my mind off it we have a new challenge over at
It's that time of year when we unwittingly torture our canine friends by preparing and eating (in front of them) an inordinate amount of rich, savory, gravy-coated food while they stare at a bowl of the usual old daily kibble. Well, actually, our dogs ignore the kibble entirely and just stare at us as we eat. They watch every fork-full move from plate to mouth. That is, until we tell them to stop begging and lay down, which they do, begrudgingly.*
and actually listen,
Now we can hardly wait to see the beautiful creations you will upload for us this week :)
Me: I think I'm going to have to make proper plant tags for all of my tomato plants.
I would absolutely not recommend this to anyone who cares about their skin. Don't get me wrong, I am all about the exfoliation, but this takes exfoliating to a whole new place. One that I am not a big fan of. There is one instance I thought of where this product might actually be useful. You know when you shave your legs and then you go out and while you're out you realize you left a tiny strip of hair on your leg unshaven? I think it might be good for this. I will probably keep one of these in my make up bag for those emergencies. Hopefully it wouldn't take quite so long to rub off a few stray hairs. Otherwise, this is NOT a product that would be useful in keeping you hair-free.
Exposing pain
You see? "A scene so shocking that it is necessary to forewarn you"; right off the bat, before we even get a title or cast list, we get the promise that something shocking, maybe even horrifying is about to happen. SO shocking and horrifying in fact as to necessitate the use of a bell to herald its approach.
Fresh and clean describe this living space where pattern is the key player. Solid furniture pieces like this pea green sofa and Arne Jacobsen Swan chair (Design Within Reach) anchor the space and allow the patterns to play off of one another nicely. House Beautiful. May 2009.
Now the junta is offering a “national convention” with Mali’s entire “political class” to discuss the country’s future. In a move that signals it may be more concerned with looking back than looking forward, it has also proposed putting the deposed president Amadou Toumani Touré on trial for high treason. This is significant because it effectively forestalls any attempt to return the country to its pre-coup legal framework, which would restore Touré (however symbolically or temporarily) to power.
9. When I was a toddler, the first language I spoke was Spanish. Now English is my primary language and I'm far from being fluent in Spanish.
I headed to my scrap room today and have been working on 2 of the 3 LO ideas so far. The light is terrible today. It's just plain grey outside and difficult to photograph the LOs.
Other historical novels are also novels about history. The Golden Hinde is a replica of Francis Drake's ship that he sailed round the world, and there are modern American schoolchildren clambering about on it, snapping each other on their mobiles. But in the 1970s it was moored across the river, and my sister was on it - only because the Tower queues were too long - when the IRA bombed the Tower, killing one and injuring forty people. The Golden Hinde is a world you can enter and live in, a world at once Now, and many Thens, a world built of ribs and beams: wood, tarred and caulked to sail as well as it did five hundred years ago, dancing over the waves with the wind singing in the rigging. The replica embodies the history that it hasn't actually seen but also what it has seen, as novels about history do: a historical novel is history you can live inside.
The main course standouts, Hangar Steak with Blue Cheese Butter, that blue cheese butter and a perfectly cooked steak, heaven. Now, the Roasted Chicken in Natural Juices, let me just preface this by saying that a really well roasted chicken is one of my all time favorite meals. Each time I went, (and I got a quarter chicken each time, because it is that good.) my dining companions commented that they never really bother to order chicken when they go out, particularly to places like Communal who so expertly prepare steak and pork. And I would have to agree with them, but honestly Communals roast chicken is some of the best I have ever had. Tender and perfectly seasoned (well, I always add a bit of salt, but other than that seasoned perfection.) and the house fries or their mashed potatoes are the perfect compliment. The other sides not to miss (really, it's all of them but if you must choose) the aforementioned house fries and mashed potatoes. The Roasted Brussels Sprouts with Hazelnuts are so very good and the Butternut Squash Gratin.
The IBL approach is this: I give the students a list of problems (created by Richard Spindler). The students do the problems at home (they can work together), and present them in class. One of the main benefits (as articulated by Dana Ernst) is that students are more skeptical of other students’ work than they are of the professor’s work. So the students will need to wrestle with the presentations, since some of them will contain errors (much like my presentations, but students will care more).
It really is the ultimate slap in the face for Ron Paul supporters and it could be the ultimate form of political karma in our lifetime. The Republican establishment can beg all they want, but I refuse to vote for the abortion supporting, gun grabbing, tax and spend, government mandate loving Mitt Romney. In fact, it would be nice to see Paul supporters organize their own protest at this years GOP convention in the spirit of George Romney against the inevitable GOP nominee.
Medical research in naturopathy has increased dramatically in the United States within the last 10 years. Naturopathic research often employs case histories, summaries of practitioners’ clinical observations, and medical records.
Notable tracks include Cliff's sublime cover of The Clash's 'Guns Of Brixton' which reveals the melancholy sadness that lies underneath the anger of the original and Rancid's 'Ruby Soho' which now sounds like it was recorded in Kingston circa 1971. The EP is available on iTunes and Amazon and a special 'Deluxe Pack' including vinyl, t-shirt and poster is available from Cliff's own website.
-Don't say, "Well, you weren't too sure about this baby, anyway." I already feel so guilty about ever having complained about morning sickness, or a child I wasn't prepared for, or another mouth to feed that we couldn't afford. I hate myself for any minute that I had reservations about this baby. Being unsure of my pregnancy isn't the same as wanting my child to die - I never would have chosen for this to happen.
Told him about contacting Trading Standards and the FSB legal department.
I’ll have my medicine bag with me. I take it places where I know I’ll need a little bit more super power than I normally have. I mentioned this recently on Facebook (if you’d like to friend me, please do) and some of my friends didn’t know what a medicine bag was.
and inflates a full blown entity
And, DANG!! Here I am AGAIN!! This time it is with my best friend ... I have been blessed to be married to the most fantastic person ever!! He has been my rock ... don't know WHAT I'd do without him!!
My realization in seeing Goldenboy McNecklace-Chest is that if the place needs to dress a guy up in a bunny suit or tutu or whatever to try and lure you into the store, it’s probably a store and product that you can do without. This realization, in turn, got me thinking about what the worst impulse buy situations would be (other than cash for gold), and whether they could even employ a sidewalk goon or not.
Adorn the cake with the chocolate rose and leaves.
I bought the first book on Tuesday night when I read online that the book was in the works of coming to the big screen. With working all week, each book took me two days to get through. I would stay up until 1AM when I would have to get up at 6AM and I would quickly eat my lunch on my breaks so that I was able to spend the rest of my lunch break reading through these.
Amy Winehouse's dress fetched $68,000 at an auction. When asked if the buyer planned to re-sell it, he said "no no no"
I am weak towards Rilakkuma♥ I always have a Rilakkuma plushie with me. I have collected them all myself and have them in sizes from large, medium to small.
A cup of white tea in her odd kitchen.
and we are now into the second week of January 2012!
You can be what you want to be
This is Llynnau Mymbyr, which is the name of two connected lakes near Capel Curig in North Wales. I have no idea how the lakes’ name is pronounced.
So then I skip meals to make up for the snacking.
Random.org selected comment 52, which was from Shellie & Brutus. Congrats!
I am sharing with you a Christmas card I made for my boss. In fact, it is the only Christmas card I made! I was giving him gift cards for Christmas, so I needed a way to give them to him. I just don't think I can purchase a card in a store again, so this one was quickly done. Here are the details:
This side dish, adapted from Diana Kennedy’s The Cuisines of Mexico, could not be more perfect on the fall-winter table for any occasion. It’s a bit time-intensive, but you can put it all together the day before (like I did today) and bake it while your turkey is resting. The flavors are just right with turkey and the roasted tomato-ancho sauce is divine over sweet potatoes. You’ll have plenty of leftover rich-earthy sauce, which is also great on chicken, fish, steak….
1 fertilized
There is no need to argue that both are just promoting their advocacy because obviously they are doing everything to get into Malacanang.
It feels like we’ve reached a moment for laying our cards on the table before we start examining the details of his theory. The exact nature of the Resurrection troubles me, as it does many Christians. Was it physical, against all the laws of nature but as the Church claims, or was it “symbolic”, as the Bishop of Durham, David Jenkins, famously suggested in 1984?
I also kept praying that 30 Rock wouldn't win anything. It gets boring when the same show wins year after year. Perplexing that Hang Over won best comedy. Funny, yes. But the whole male-bonding-road-trip-movie is played. Disappointed of course that Kathyrn Bigelow didn't win best director win for Hurt Locker, but next to her ex-husband's Avatar, that's like Davy fighting Goliath. Take me to the blue planet. Take me to Pandora.
Sometimes I’m primarily concerned with my reputation. But sometimes I’m the opposite. I become so concerned with my internal attitude that, from the outside, I might look completely different than who I am inside.
I also have a little quilty charity project on the side to make Eye Spy quilts for donation to the children's hospital in the city, so whenever I find darling, hard-to-pass-up, eye-catching novelty prints, I usually end up bringing home (or ordering) a half yard or more. The three fabrics on the left are for the charity quilts while the light background on the upper right is an 1800's shirting for my "collection" and the aqua coloured fabric in front is from one of Moda's newest lines called "Flora" to go with a fat eighth bundle I have in my stash for border fabric.
Sometimes I long to know how others see me, but what if its even worse than I imagine? maybe I'm better off in ignorance.
thoughts without feelings,
When I left off on Monday, we had installed a new window, painted the ceiling, removed the old carpet, and primed the walls. I normally would not waste the effort at all to prime a wall. In the paint world, I'm the kind of gal that gets anxious to get the second coat on before the first coat has really fully dried. By the way, I don't recommend this! But I wanted to go a light neutral color, and I wanted it to be it's purest, truest color.
The City2Surf charity race which is the largest in the world (attracting over 80,000 participants last year) starts in the heart of Sydney and ends on Bondi Beach. Participants of all ages come from around the world and from all walks of life.
The youngest rang last night, and has a very interesting conversation with Beloved.
If there is one truth about life, it is its unhindered and continuous change, for as long as the life remains.There have been a number of philosophers who've tried to describe life but no one's ever reached a consensus about it. According to some, life is the name of continuous happening, continuous involvement, continuous evolution... and all these phenomenon lead to one word, change.
The lads are probably right.
It also assumes that Muslim countries would be prepared to take in hundreds of thousands, if not millions, of angry, confused, impoverished, sickly refugees. They would be acquiescing in the cessation of the flow of remittances the refugees would otherwise have sent home, and the loss of a considerable amount of political influence in Europe. It is therefore entirely possible that they would simply refuse to allow such deportations to take place, by closing their airspace and cutting all diplomatic relations with the countries in question. The attitude of the Arab world to the plight of the Palestinians, allowed to rot away in their filthy refugee camps as long as they are of some political utility there, is extremely instructive in this regard.
At the root of the dispute: the agency pricing model for ebooks, which the publishers adopted in 2010. Under the wholesale pricing model that until then had been the norm for both ebooks and print books, publishers sell to intermediaries--such as bookstores or distributors--at a fixed discount off the list price, and the intermediaries are then free to re-sell to consumers at whatever price they choose. Under the agency pricing model, publishers sell directly to consumers via retailer "agents"--such as Amazon or Apple--which get a commission on sales but cannot lower the publisher-set price. The wholesale model allows the retailer to control book prices; the agency model gives that control to the publisher.
*names have been changed to protect those who have not given permission to participate
“Roberts. He holds a grudge for that time we got the Kebel, Kebel, and Worthiss contract instead of him.” Janus looked smug, as if Roberts’ name alone had won the argument.
If I choose a layout style, I expect it is the same for every page on my blog, not just the front page. That doesn’t make sense.
I bought a fat bunch of purslane for $2.50 at the Borough Hall Farmers' market. Mostly, I like it for its crunch. Its mind-boggling nutritional value is a secondary consideration. More omega 3 than anything else, for a start, so put away your fish oil capsules. And: "Purslane in particular is an anti-depressant food. According to James A. Duke, PhD, purslane has up to 16 antidepressant compounds; among them are magnesium, potassium, calcium, folate, and lithium. Purslane also contains essential fatty acids." James A. Duke.
Back on it. Back on the ordinary “let’s see what I’m thinking today” sort of entry, the sort of thing I haven’t been writing while I work through the synopsis of Dead Not Dreaming or whatever it’s going to be called. Never did have a good idea for the title. Still don’t. That’s okay, sometimes things like that don’t come along until you’re very nearly done (She said, from the great depth of her experience with such matters).
Here are two little samples!
Corbett National Park is located in Ramnagar in the district of Nainital, Uttarakhand, and is considered to be the paradise for the wildlife lovers in India as well as those from abroad. Built in the year 1936, Jim Corbett National Park was before independence known as Hailey National Park. Later, after the independence, the National Park was known as Ramganaga National park before it was given the name of Jim Corbett National Park.
Stop and think about this scene for a moment: I’m average height, about 5-foot-9, and I’m taller than this pallet of canned goods that’s being unloaded for this particular aisle for this day. That’s not a lot of food! Statistics show that grocery stores rotate through their entire inventory in about three days–Google the phrase “nine meals away from anarchy”–but if there’s a sudden surge in business, whether it’s an unexpected weather event (remember “Snowmageddon” last winter?), a natural disaster (look at the looting that occurred after Hurricane Katrina) or a sudden economic panic that sends everyone running to stores before prices spike upward (like gas prices after Katrina), you aren’t going to have stuff on the shelves very long at all, much less when you want those things at your fingertips at any time. Maybe this wasn’t the only pallet of canned goods being unloaded for this particular aisle. But then again, I wasn’t going to be the only shopper! And if the guy in front of me decided he was going to buy everything I wanted, it didn’t matter what was going to come in tomorrow, or next week, or maybe not at all. I was just plain out of luck.
Queen Anne Style buildings in America came into vogue in the 1880s, replacing the French-derived Second Empire as the "style of the moment." The popularity of high Queen Anne Style waned in the early 1900s. In the book Bricks and Brownstones by Charles Lockwood during the 1880s and the life of Queen Anne style, the architectural fashion that each row house have a measure of individuality and the streetscape a visually exciting appearance reached its culmination. The present "epoch of Queen Anne is a delightful insurrection against the monotonous era of rectangular building," declared one magazine in the early 1880s.
On the episode of SBS’s Strong Heart which aired on May 1, MC Lee Dong Wook asked Leeteuk, “Who made the most money among Super Junior members in year 2011?” Leeteuk confessed, “I had 8 TV programs, worked as a radio DJ, held concerts, and shot advertisements. So I expected to have the highest profit, but I wasn’t the one.”
"Ok, dad - I'm ready to go home now. I've seen this movie before. Let's go."
For good.
- a pilot was beheaded, his flesh sliced up and cooked
3 cups of all-purpose flour
Neolithicum is a pretty unknown HC/punk band from The Netherlands. Releases a CD 'More Kicks Than Brains' in 1994.
On April 20th the terrorist described in horrifying detail and with shocking indifference the dozens of individual murders he committed during his shooting spree on the island of Utøya outside Oslo. Yet he had cried publicly only a couple of days earlier when the court showed his own rather silly and unprofessional propaganda movie.
There are more boxing movies out there than you may well be aware of, and all of them - more or less - follow the same formula: fighter with heart struggles up from nothing to make it to the top of the heap.
A pity too since I found myself mildly enjoying the flick, and to be honest, it’s not a completely horrible movie it’s just that it has a couple of hiccups here and there that scream lazy. For example, this old man that the kids meet is a genius and he’s devised a way to kill the aliens with this microwave gun he’s invented. The thing probably took the old man months to make, and he hands it to these kids so they can fight the aliens. So anyhow, at one moment the good guys figure they need another gun to fight the aliens with, so what do they do? They build an exact replica of it in something like five minutes! I was like what?? There’s lot’s of inconsistencies like that one…things that simply take you out of the movie. You’ll be asking yourself why? How? I’ll tell you why and how, lazy filmmaking! So let’s see, plot holes galore, nonsensical happenings, and a tired plot, damn, there’s many things against this one, I recommend this one only for those with a stomach for b-movies (like me) who don’t mind so many inconsistencies and are forgiving with their bad movies. I call it for what it is, but still found some enjoyment with The Darkest Hour, even if I did feel like I’d seen this flick a million times.
that that have crucified peace, tolerance, and social equality
And yeah, I know I’m borrowing trouble, and it’s a little early to be worrying about these things when the kid isn’t even out of the womb yet. But honestly, I’d rather worry now then be blindsided in 15 years because I kept telling myself “oh, there’ll be time to think about that sort of thing later…”
¾ teaspoons baking powder
Katie and I initially went along to the weekly toddler group which ran in a local church. It was quite a large group in a large space. I think we lasted 6 sessions before Katie said to me that she didn't like it there. Neither did I! No-one ever really spoke to us after the first session. I tried initiating conversations with some of the other mothers there but no-one seemed particularly interested or friendly for that matter. The children mostly seemed to compete with each other for the toys. So we left. As fast as we could. And never went back.
DAP never make their stand clear on PAS’s goal of establishing an Islamic theocratic state. MCA on the other hand, has always advocated people-oriented policies, and works hard to convey the views of the Chinese community to the government and to implement policies efficiently as a gift to the people based on their feedback to us.
The Greeting Card Industry Again-Like I said my birthday is coming up, and I have to pick out birthday cards for a couple of adoptee friends today. I’m thinking they aren’t going to have anything that expresses my true sentiments of “Gee sorry about this day that brings up all your abandonment issues, but you’re my friend, and I want you to have a good day anyway.”
Lakoff’s work (on moral-framing systems) shows how the American right succeeded by framing political issues in terms of a moral system which appeals to the “rugged individualist” identity, and which gives primacy to self-reliance and self-discipline, etc. Lakoff describes this moral system as follows:
Pansy came here so tiny, and needing my help
There was a time – not so long ago – when each of us could walk a little taller and stand a little straighter because we had a gift that no one else in the world shared. We were Americans. That meant something different to each of us but it meant something special to all of us. We knew it without question. And so did the world.
“I don’t like Spiders and Snakes….but that ain’t what it takes….to love you…….”
One of the girls there, (I think she’s 13…) has dubbed me “Moldy Potato”. It’s my first nickname! She gave a bunch of other people nicknames as well…Captain Blundermuffin, and a ton of others I can’t think of. Captain Blundermuffin is a guy in his 40′s that’s just a ball to be around. I asked her what her nickname was, and she said, “I’m Jackie!” (Her actual name.)
* He puts his toys and our dogs in timeout
The pill, together with abortion, and what one might call “breeding unfriendly” changes to the economic model, have not only speeded up the pace of our decline but they have provided succour to attitudes which were most certainly encouraged with malevolent intent. The pill has been used far less to regulate the size of families as it has been used to put off childbirth, often altogether, and that has been of inestimable damage to us, collectively, as a people.
Pour the batter into the tin and flatten with the back of a spoon.
19. If I was the last man on Earth, I bet you would kiss me in public!
Abide and love see
The TRUTH must be faced. Believe me, it is better to see it and take action, than to do nothing and see all that you had held dear, destroyed. Time is of the essence. You have no time to waste. Do not waste this precious time on the trivialities that are designed to distract you and so take your minds off the problems you have to deal with. The future of your planet and mankind is in your hands. When you truly take on board that each of you is a powerful Being of Light, and you connect with this, then all will be saved. You – the 99% – have the power; the 1% are nothing without you. It is time to take your power back. Trust your own heart, not your head. Your mind has been tampered with and is under the control of the Cabal. This is the biggest decision you will ever make, so much depends on it. All that you have to lose are the shackles of control that have blighted the lives of mankind for thousands of years because man did nothing to prevent it. You allowed it to happen. To this day, you continue to trust the wrong people. You believe what they say. You still fail to see that they do the exact opposite to what they say. The fairy stories the politicians tell you, are just that – Fairy Stories. Why do you fall for them every time? They have no intention of carrying out these “promises”. They all answer to the Cabal, otherwise they would not be in politics.
Having only watched some older films, with the help of a coworker I have started watching some newer Bollywood films... particularly those by arguably the two biggest actors in the industry today... Aamir Khan and Shahrukh Khan. As I really like to keep my reviews here on more obscure films generally, I thought I would give some mini, rapid fire reviews for some Khan flicks (all 15 years old or less) here to start things off.
Perhaps the song was a confirmation that I made the right choice in surrendering. There's a wonderful feeling which comes with letting go of worry. There is a freedom to it. The Tao Te Ching says: "When I let go of what I am, I become what I might be. When I let go of what I have, I receive what I need."
February 8, 2010 Clip No. 2394
I made you a wedding band of daisies
1. Between 1927 and 1938, under arrangements made between T.V.Soong (Finance Minister of China) and Henry Morgethau, Secretary of the Treasury, The United States Government purchased some 50 million ounces of silver and leased vast amounts of gold from the Nationalist Chinese Government, known as Kuomintang. During this period China was partly occupied by Japanese troops and there was the fear of China being overrun by the Japanese.
Whoever you are, that’s who you are. It’s unfortunate that we still live in a time where people who are considered “different” aren’t accepted or welcome to pray/worship/live/love in their own way. But that reality is all the more reason for you to stand up for yourself and be who you are. You shouldn’t have to answer to bullies who think less of you because you were born the way you were. Things will never change for the better if we let ignorance and fear rule our lives. Defying bullies may be scary, lonely, painful; but not being yourself is just as scary, lonely, and painful.
Bear: RAAARRRR
A journey of the mind when you face the emotional weariness,
When Ed transitioned, because of his beautiful disposition, the family and friends that gathered at his funeral found it difficult to express the typical emotion that accompanies such a gathering. Afterall, we knew, collectively, that Ed was making the best of the situation, wherever he was.
CCTV catches cops beating man
I think I came to love you
* Invisible monster coming, just like season one, Old Smoky comes in and takes the temple inhabitants.
According to some evidence, the column was used by Ruggieri, primarily as an astrological observatory. Ruggieri had a workshop at the top of the tower, but interestingly it could also be accessed directly from Catherine de Médicis’s apartment in the palace via a spiral staircase. What exactly took place in Ruggieri’s workshop is not clear, and neither is the exact role astrology played in the life of Catherine de Médicis, an incredibly powerful woman, who was Queen from 1547 to 1559, then Queen Mother and advisor to three of her sons during their reigns.
Moody lifted her head in time to catch a shadow as it passed over the sheriff’s face. Whether he was thinking of the one time he’d come to Moody and asked her opinion on a personal matter or whether he was thinking of the extra hurt he might cause a grieving parent or maybe he was just being considerate of her—whatever the reason, he nodded his head in agreement.
I had a bit of a mini film fest, going to see I am Love and A Prophet in the same week, two very different films. I enjoyed the first mainly because it was in Italian, but I did get drawn into the story. It took me a while to get past the weirdness of the kind of wealthy existence portrayed, where you have staff around all the time to cook, clean, pull your curtains for you etc, but once I'd adjusted to that I became quite intrigued by the characters.
Thank you again for all you did as one of my strongest and committed supporters. Your belief in our campaign helped us start a movement of Americans who believe deeply that our best days are ahead as long as we fight to strengthen our families, unshackle our economy and promote freedom here and around the world. Karen and I will be forever grateful for the support, kindness and commitment you showed us, as well as our children, over these last months.
So the first batch of engagement photos were shot at a boathouse. My fiance LOVES rowing...he's been doing it for 12 years! He is now a coach for a high school girls' club team and he is so passionate about it.
19 - Cal Smith - The Lord Knows I'm Drinking - 2:52
The game was stuck with some long-range firing between the 2 remaining guys from my squad plus my commander, against quite a bunch of the enemy’s guys. In the end it was decided old west style, with only my commander and the NIs squad leader remaining. My guy had the lucky shot, game over.
WINNER!!
Allister: Me and Karlo had a mutual disrespect for our Nazi boss at our job and decided to write songs about it.
4. Draw a triangle above the circle and make one flat side touch the circle.
It only felt natural to pull out the old garden notes to start planning this year's garden. I'd already gotten a head start in January (I know!) but wanted to firm up plans today.
And nothing has changed. She could have written those words yesterday and the perceived caricature of Christianity is just as accurate. And the frustrating truth of the matter is that this culture of anti-Christianity is so potent that we, within the Church itself, have allowed these false understandings of science, reason, faith, and history to be our understanding. We have allowed the enemies of faith to define faith for us, which means that when we talk about faith, or even try to have faith today, we do it on their, false terms. Then, when we work to bring other people to faith, we even do that—our most important work, evangelism—on the basis of a misunderstanding of faith. Against these trends we must move from our perception of faith to the reality of faith; from the caricature to the real thing. Because if we are going to have faith in any meaningful way, we’ve got to define it for ourselves, and understand it for ourselves, so that we will know exactly what we believe and have a genuine answer for why we believe. Anything short of that is dishonest.
Good lady, are you alright? Why has the shadow of grief darkened the face of your soul? Are you ill, Mother? Are you remembering of a long-lost friend?
There were alot of cars in that parking lot. Which I coasted into as slowly as possible, knowing I had to make it back along those same two miles of unpaved backroad on the same empty tank on the way out. Saw a gas station when I got off the highway. Hopefully, it won’t be too expensive this far out of LA. At least I can get a couple dollars worth, which might get me close enough to find a less obscene price per gallon.
Blowing the underside of the wing as opposed to blowing over it, should be most beneficial. Although the effect on the DRS may need to be better understood. As would any sensitivity to throttle, with the revised engine mapping rules. Practical issues of the wing being able to withstand the heat are not insurmountable, with wing sections made of Metal or with ‘Glass Ceramic Composites’ (already used for heat shielding). If the centre blowing of the top rear wing is used, we will some very high exhaust outlets. Either in tall fairings also acting as cooling outlets or sprouting from the side of the engine cover.
living our days looking towards the sun.
is part of a tattered hymn book I own called,
and after having oodles of discussions lately about how many blessings we have...
These were inspired by the many talented cookiers on flickr.
Maybe the greatest really is yet to come
Clarity, Communication, Cohesion and Continuity:
Kids: Husband.
Maybe I’ll think twice
--Service and support from the people who know your iPad best. For up to two years from your iPad original purchase date, the AppleCare Protection Plan gives you:
Maybe this hard shell is something you acquire when you've been in the public eye for 25 years. Björk first became a star aged 11, when her album of pop covers was a smash in Iceland. "I didn't like being recognised on the streets," she says, nibbling at a tofu salad. "And I felt weird 'cos all I did was sing the songs. I only wrote one tune on the LP." Instead of doing a follow-up, she shaved her eyebrows and started an all-girl punk band. Spit & Snot, the first of four (some accounts say seven) bands she participated in before The Sugarcubes.
Ilustrations by Talisa Sutton, photos by Rohan Peterson and words by me. Check out our review of Romance Was Born on Talisa's blog Badlands.
In order to avoid a week without running like I had last week, I sat down and planned out my workouts.
For probably the last two years (maybe even more), our son has been known to get up before the rest of the house on a Saturday, and whip up some scrambled eggs, or a batch of pancakes or waffles. I’ve been met with raised eyebrows and astounded surprise from other parents when I’ve mentioned this. I guess they think an 8-year old shouldn’t be cooking alone? And that may very well be the case for some 8 year olds.
11:45 SH suggests pushing the car back to the house as it is only one block. We do so. In the pouring rain. Kelly calls the taxi service and tells them to be at the house at 12:15 to take SH and me to the train station for the 1:05 train to the aiport.
Thy fields---the boundless air;
6/16 – Made a yeast starter using about a quart of wort (3.5 oz DME) in a growler.
"Mom," I tried.
Needless to say I was quite afraid to wear them at first, especially since I was doing some electrical work this week. Day one made me a nervous wreck as I could just imagine some freak occurrence shattering the shiny blue glass 580 lenses on my new Costas. Then came the near death experiences. One by one I managed to escape unscathed (the hidden damage from Hardee’s is still unknown.)
And God look at those beautiful beautiful VHS. A nice moment of nostalgia for the viewer while Craven get's to participate in a nice little bit of self congratulation "Was that the guy with knives for fingers? I liked that movie it was scary."
In terms of costs, and electricity usage, here are some calculations
Earlier on Wednesday, some gunmen had attacked the market, snatching a dealer’s money and one cow. But luck ran out of them as they were apprehended by the cattle traders. One of the robbers was beheaded and burnt to ashes immediately while another remained in the traders’ custody.
This cut is all about Charles. But Charles is Charles because Jones is Jones.
Bill McGuire, professor of Geophysical Hazards at University College, in an article in New Scientist, titled "Climate change: Tearing the Earth apart?" wrote:
The steak was cooked to a perfect medium, with a nice char on the outside, and a very juicy, hot pink center. The flavors from the grill were very nice, and you could tell that this was no cheap cut of meat. The texture and flavors melted in your mouth, and the Maitre de hotel butter on top wasn't even necessary, but it sure did add some nice flavor to it. This too was served with French fries, and a side of watercress. All the items were very nice, and at this point I was stuffed.
The undergraduate course has quite a mixture of students. They currently come from 21 different degrees – about half come from primary education, and then there are four or more students from:
Anyway, whilst updating the blog, the people at Homemark showed a cracker of a TV advert. Wait for it….
Check back later today to see if you have won!
"Wait! That's a good thing, right?!" You're saying to yourself. And had Shannon not been born a raging idiot, you would be correct. Adapting to one's culture is important when you're a fresh recruit. Assimilation and adaptation, unfortunately for her, are not synonymous.
“EEK!” She screeched as a sudden gust of wind tore off her bow, hurtling it out of reach, “Flamane!”
and a fried egg, or a chocolate croissant.
‘GOOD RAINS’
In a large bowl, cream the butter and sugar until light and fluffy. Add eggs, one at a time, beating well after each addition. Beat in chocolate and vanilla until well incorporated. Add the dry mixture in thirds alternating with the milk. Mix well after each addition. Fold in the Oreo chunks and stir just until mixed.
It was a great beginning to my birthday weekend!
Today I take a break from walking because my toes hurt due to blisters. But no problem, the sun invites us to stay at the swimming pool
Shortly after his death, police sources revealed a staggering 95 per cent of the crack trade in Aberdeen is controlled by Yardies from the Midlands.
In the midst of dealing with some coughing, I made these cute clips for Macie. Why did I make them? Well, mainly I'm tired of people calling her a boy. I've never been a big fan of BIG bows and headbands, but enough is enough. If I have to correct one more person or say something to let on that Macie is a girl, I might scream. I loved the idea of making my own clips because it meant that they could match Macie's clothes and they don't have to be a bow the same size as her head.
Um, we got about 16 inches of snow Tuesday, so I'm guessing Phil is gonna see his shadow. Happy Groundhog Day, anyway!
Work Environment:
Preheat oven to 425°. In a large mixer bowl combine 1 1/4 cup flower, yeast and salt. Stir in warm water and oil. Beat at low speed with a mixer for a 1/2 minute, scraping bowl constantly. Beat 3 minutes at high speed then stir in as much of the remaining flour as you can mix in with a spoon. Either knead with a dough hook if your mixer has it or turn out onto a lightly floured surface and knead in enough of the remaining flour to make a stiff dough that is smooth and elastic (6 to 8 minutes). Cover dough and let rest for at least 10 minutes (I let mine go about 30 mins) Punch down lightly, let sit for a minute then divide into 6 equal pieces.
It's been, how shall I put it, a while. For my own edification, I think I might pick this blog thing back up. And then perhaps put it back down again. We'll see.
“I used to watch Days of Our Lives back home and I used that to reference American lifestyle,” explained Binti.
His hands slowly drift down my body.
3. On 5th street, right near El Arroyo, there was this poor bastard standing there in jeans, a jacket and a baseball cap holding a poster board with the words: "I cheated on my wife, and this is my punishment," written in magic marker on it. He was sort of looking down at the ground as the rush hour traffic sped by. Brilliant.*
16 December 1973.
I take Elm Publishing’s point here – in a simplistic way – that self-publishing a book should not be rushed, and a release date allowing the publisher/author to plan a proper marketing strategy is vital. In reality, one of the reasons authors opt to self-publish is because they are not prepared to wait a year to eighteen months to see their books in print. However, I don’t agree that the ‘usual way’ to self-publish a book is ‘making it available for sale as soon as humanly possible.’ Some of the biggest complaints I receive from authors about author solutions services is that the preparation and production of their book file takes far longer than stated in the terms and conditions of their contract. I'm just not sure Elm Publishing’s Planned Release is really a strong and valid selling point – all published books should have a specified and agreed release date.
Admittedly I was not sure what to expect of Newtimber Hill. Bill’s account had provided clues and the memory of that group of old Witches had dominated my thoughts and dreams for the last 48 hours or so. I tried to remain cautiously excited, all this rain could prevent us from getting anywhere near the top of Newtimber and that would be more than disappointing to say the least.
We're really happy with where we placed it on the wall (since it was just a guess on where it should go) and we like how the dvd player looks (and the Roku when we bring back downstairs) on the toy storage/tv console. Just ignore those little pads on the side of the tv console - use to have it upright and those protect the wood floors...I guess we can remove those now!
That is, what it is. We can’t change the past. So now 400 years later, what now?
We all have the moral sense of right and wrong. We all have conscience. When we get confused and find it difficult to decide, we use our conscience. A very good friend always reminds me to “follow my heart”. What he try to say is to be where my conscience is.
Found out last minute yesterday morning that our baseball games were cancelled because of crummy field conditions (due to the crazy rain!) so all of the sudden we had a WHOLE DAY with NO PLANS!! Yipee!!! What does one do with one's self when you have a whole day and no plans??? This is what I did!!!
Of all the pictures that were taken, the one below is my absolute favorite! The brick wall. The love seat. The colors. It's quite wonderful.
There are such pretty farms there--mostly they were growers of tobacco, corn, asparagus, potatoes, cabbages, cukes, etc. Many of them don't farm anymore, but they preserve their old barns when they can. I picked this one out on two different days. One morning I looked up as I drove by and saw a huge elbowey bird with no head. Whaaa? I stopped the car, dug out my ever-ready camera and discovered a turkey buzzard preening on the roof. His head kept disappearing under a wing. He (she?) posed a while then flew away. Jim always tells me they're crows--I showed him!
The UK brewing industry is not only booming and forward-thinking, it is also fabulously friendly and I feel, quite strongly, that BrewDog owes the industry as a whole a bloody enormous apology.
I had met him back in Canada when I was working. He is one of the discussion person I never met. I remember he did push a boy who had cancer because the recognize him and he did ask him an autograph. He throw in my face some paper. He was steeling food in the fridge we had to put locker on them during the night to stop him. Already then he was drinking a lot. I just remember that experience was really bad. He on my list of the worst clients I never had!
