While 8% of households were doubled up with families or friends in 1996, the number grew to 10% by 2005. Worse, more than 29% of households paid 50% or more of their income in rent in 2005.
Please support this year’s fundraising for the Make-A-Wish Foundation UK by:
I will never forget the face on the last three guys to finish, Marty, John and Art. They finished around 9:30PM at the Bright Angel Trailhead. It appeared they all had hypothermia and severe exhaustion. They shook as they tried to put food and warm drinks into their pale and wide-eyed faces. They all looked as if they had seen a ghost. Perhaps they had. They had stuck it out and pushed each other to get out safely but perhaps not sanely. Everyone that went into the canyon on this day is an inspiration. Most of these people have jobs and families but still find time to get out and enjoy such adventures, not to mention train for them beforehand.
In my analysis, she is one of the two women mentioned in Matthew 24:41 and Luke 17:35. The one taken up was the Blessed Virgin Mary and Ka Apaz is the one left.
“Hurry,” the man to her right said in a low voice as her heel connected with his shin. “Get to it already.”
Perhaps another reason the idea exists around sexual desire diminishing with length of relationship is the strong sexual desire in passionate love that is replaced by increased intimacy in companionate love (said to occur around two and a half years).
-DO NOT LECTURE ME ON PRIVACY AND TRUST
I have to wait till it's cold to eat, so my piece went straight to the fridge. My husband fell asleep by the time I was done (very long day at work) and will have to deal with trying it reheated or cold tomorrow. Who gets the third piece? Whoever likes it more. Certainly not the dog. Going to have to watch my husband like a hawk. He loves giving Zeus people food.
We might like to believe that calories-in-equals-calories-out is a sufficient weight loss theory, but that means we have to accept our bodies are pretty simple. While consuming fewer calories can certainly have an impact, not all foods have the same impact once we stuff them down our throats. If you want to think about it in a very simple way, consider the difference between a candy bar and a cucumber (in equal caloric amounts). They taste different, they consist of different
In order to avoid conflict, the goal of your character is have a relationship with your other player, where you care about what they think about you, to get them to love you.
In a small bowl, thoroughly mix the cheese, garlic, and spices and set aside.
Posted on Nov 18, 2010, Source: Truthdig
Polypeptides – From animal protein. Used in cosmetics. Alternatives: plant proteins and enzymes.
Cindy, from Tarte, has been in recently and reworked our front windows. They look amazing! Our Glisan Street window is full of bright yellows, grays and whites. Featuring Cindy's hand crafted paper mache deer heads and lots of great yellow accessories, it screams spring! I adore the vintage chair upholstered in a gray, yellow, white and green floral print. It feels fresh and of the moment, but with a nod to the past at the same time.
It’s a little sad, my family considers this “normal fare.” So I have to keep trying something new and mixing it up a little. No wonder they wait for me to come home to cook for them, right?
Sprinkle sesame seeds and toss well. You can eat fresh right away with some rice or let it sit in the room temperature for 2 days to ferment.
Cults was virtually unheard of before their three song EP burst on to the scene from their Bandcamp page. Luckily enough their internet popularity escalated with the much coveted release of their first album entitled Cults. The album features light, airy tunes with a hint of sing-song to them. There’s no doubt that Cults has pushed the envelope with their sound, mixing indie-rock with pop-synth beats. They manage to mesh retro ideals with modern techniques, and remain consistent with this old meets new sound. “I never saw the point” introduces you to what Madeline Follin and Brian Oblivion steadily achieve with every tune. They manage to display an ironic sense of juxtaposition with their sultry, deep lyrics and upbeat, beachy melodies.This way, you are hit with the sweet and sour at the same time and experience the high and low of the music simultaneously.In other words, Cults is an album that has been sugar-coated (with no ordinary sugar, of course) by its creators.
Blessed are the mothers who gave birth to them, and fruitful is their coming into the world.
how we respond to things.
Mr. Waters listened to the statement with a silence concerning which Colville was obliged to form his conjectures. “That is unfortunate,” he said sympathetically, but not encouragingly.
Google “Sarah Palin” and “cross hairs” and you will see libs from politicians to the network shows to the mainstream editorial pages castigate Sarah Palin’s “despicable” ad. I even got into an argument with more than one liberal Facebook friend over the inoffensive (to most sentient human beings) ad. One of them even insisted Palin should be arrested. Amused, I responded: Arrested for what? Because of liberal politicians you support, we can’t even profile at the airport or engage in “warrantless wiretapping” or engage in any other preventative measure to capture radical Islamic terrorists. We need to wait until they’ve actually blown up an airplane or building before we do anything. But this liberal Palin-hater wants her immediately arrested for allegedly “inciting violence” by using crosshairs on strategic Congressional districts on a U.S. map. (Again, the liberal brain.)
Mia takes an unusual route. She winds up accepting a job in the university’s entomology department…breeding flies.
So come in and embrace 90210’s mediocrity with me with my weekly character breakdown.
WOW it is day 10. 1/10th of the way done. My house is significantly better than it was 10 days ago. But I feel very annoyed that this is not easy yet. I am so darn tired of poop, pee, throw up, dishes, floors, and bathroom messes. It takes me an hour to clean and 10 minutes for everything to fall apart! It makes me so mad. I have a crazy small house, I have 4 kids under four, and I am potting training the 2 1/2 year old. These excuses do not cut it. I have to organize the house so that it does not fall apart, I have get rid of more stuff, I have to teach the family how to live without creating a mess behind them. These things take time, and I am not known for my great waiting skills.
And this piece was my favorite! I wish I had room for it. It is darling and for $150, it was oh so hard to walk away.
It's hard to believe that you're 18 months old. I knew this time would fly by fast but what I was not prepared for was how quickly you would grow up. You're definitely not a baby anymore. You are a little girl. The days of you getting excited for an adventure in the stroller are long gone. You much rather walk or run to where we are going. You find clever ways of getting up out of your bed and onto your changing table. And you no longer want mommy and daddy to feed you. You must feed yourself.
Take it out after 15 minutes, flip over those sausages and ladle some of the juices lurking at the bottom all over the vegetables and sausages. Put it back in the oven for another 15 minutes or so, until everything is nice and brown.
The Tan Hill Inn is the highest (altitude) pub in England, a lonely moorland pub, apparently there for no reason- it has no neighbours at all. But it was once a welcome stopping place where the tracks of cattle and sheep drovers crossed, where pack-horse trains rested. This week, it was a perfect place for viewing the aurora- (see the pic in the link).
Paul from www.AlesbyMail.com very kindly gave me a bottle of Jean Chris Numero 1 from Brasserie Artisanale de Rulles and it is utterly delicious!
▼ 2010 (9)
We will be wine tasting all weekend and soaking up some more sun.
Back then we lived in a house by the beach and there was a permanant Carny just 10 minutes walk from us on the beachfront. Arcade games aplenty! Nothing could beat the thrill of seeing your own three initials on the scoreboard and achievments like that took a LOT of practice (and a lot of cash.) We spent a LOT of time huddled round those machines. Boys really seemed to sit up and take notice of you when you kick their butt and replace their initials with your own...
through times of disbelief
To whom the federal and state governments listen will be interesting to see.
When the Indian government announced “a new political initiative” on Jammu and Kashmir on September 25, lofty expectations were raised that high-level interlocutors would soon begin a dialogue with the state’s parties and civil society. This was considered the only novel, and most important, feature of the 8-point plan of action, which otherwise recycles the shop-worn “package” approach to Kashmir. It was also the logical follow-up to the all-parties delegation’s September 20-21 visit to J&K.
Israel by Babe Ruth.
Admission Tickets $15 in advance / $20 at the door / $10students
Well, that's it for this book, as I mentioned I have a few more tabs to put on tonight, and then I have to make a couple of cards for some birthdays I have coming up. Hope you enjoyed looking at my version of the ABC Primer mini-album. My inspiration is Charlie Jones and if you look on YouTube you'll find her many tut's on how she does different things. Thanks for looking! Keep checking back, I'm here, just playing out in my gardens (My helebore is blooming so perhaps I'll take a pic and show you one of the many reasons for why I love being outside
Meanwhile, Fever Crumb must journey to the wastelands of the North to find Ancient technology. There she finds a mysterious black pyramid whose extraordinary secrets will change her world forever.
Step one: prepare the road piece
VT (venom or toxin) = Poison
Little Sweetpea just keeps growing so I had to create her a new skirt as she had outgrown the other two I made her. She loves it and I had an order for one to make for another little girl which was lovely to do.
Hubs makes the best corn ever.
As for Amir Khan vs Paul Malignaggi, I like Malignaggi. Everyone knows I like guys that will talk a little trash, bring some personality to boxing, and show some charisma. But I don't see him winning this fight. I'm unsure about Amir Khan's chin, I've only watched a few of his fights but one of the fights he was caught and dropped in the first round. So to me his chin is a question mark, but my views may not be as valid as others because, like I said, I haven't seen much of him yet. But I think he beat Malignaggi, I don't see a KO happening because Malignaggi has a good chin. He's showed it time and time again. But I think Khan wins decisively.
“The study demonstrates that advertisers can effectively reach a shopping audience across newspapers’ multiple platforms, said Caroline Little, NAA president and CEO. "Clearly, newspapers’ embrace of multiplatform strategies provides significant opportunities for audience and revenue growth.”
According to Sandbrook’s research, in 1964 most of the teenagers were virgins at 19. Even by the end of the1960′s, only one in genomes had used the contraceptive pill, whilst most men wanted their women keeping house and raising children.
Type: Indica / Sativa
We all do this from time to time. Even when you’re older chronologically, there are still life experiences which place you in a young mindset or situation. We should look for the beauty and love along every path we travel, through every journey we take, over every mountain we climb. If we become too focused on an end result or a goal, we miss so many wonderful experiences along the way.
On that note, if you bother to click through on the YouTube link for "Elevator Man," you'll notice it was posted by one Sleepwalker1977.
When you don't know the difference
* Participates in the development of outcomes and process measures, including technical specifications to enable population measurement, guideline implementation, and evaluation
- Nic Armstrong and the Thieves (Good old Brit fuzz pop). My sleeper pick of the festival.
- Hanging out, some touring, probably drinking a lot of coffee and hopefully keep putting out some new records.
Paul was experiencing this provision as he was setting out for Rome. This had been foremost in his mind ever since he started his ministry as the apostle of the Gentiles. Now it was coming to pass.
...Each person who has punched a clock will wait until 11 tonight, when the six winning balls are picked, and hope that the boss, called so many bad words under breath for years, will be called far worse loudly and over an intercom. Then the boss can be punched.
I have been unable to find out very much about the history of the Sowerby Bridge Engineers. It looks like a fairly typical post-1830 Beerhouse Act establishment, but obviously more research is required. As always, I will rededicate myself to its completion.
Also on my website is a donation button. This will be a free concert, but donations will be accepted in lieu of ticket fees. We are also accepting donations pre-concert to cover facility and promotional fees. If you are able and feel so inclined, please consider donating to this worthy cause!
I wished I could help him escape but I couldn’t. I just watched them. I anxiously and helplessly shouted at the man to stop hurting Jake as the man’s arm was pressed against his neck. Then suddenly Jake reached for the penknife in the thief’s other hand. He held it by its blade and twisted it away from him. Almost immediately, blood started gushing from his palm. Jake then dropped the penknife to divert his attention to the ground. Swiftly, Jake grabbed the thief’s arm and bent it in a rough, cracking manner. The man moaned in pain. Jake pushed him onto the ground and started to run.
Here was her nomination:
My PK angel was colored with my copic
Today's Wild Card author is:
Though Simpson clearly did some work on the story, in contrast to Malkin, and determined that there was no “protest,” he was still snookered into believing that the fake groups all existed. As he had written in his American Thinker blog post, and to my knowledge never corrected,
Marty: "Doc! Let me in! I'm from the future!"
My name is Fru Ida Juhanantytär.
You’ll need:
A tree with wonderful scoured reddish bark, a low growing tree, with feathery green leaves emerging at its base as well as from its branches. Might this be a mimosa tree? If you know, please tell!
7. I have homeschooled both my girls. (this fall: one will be 2nd hear College, the other 2nd year High School)
This is the eye-candy of the Weihnachtsmarkt!
But he's still a baby! At least to his momma he is.
The key is everything is okay in moderation. EXCEPT for processed foods, partially hydrogenated fats, trans fats & high fructose corn syurp, those are ALWAYS a no no. Yes this means you really do need to read the labels on food that didn’t come out of the ground!
Mostly I don’t feel like posting the entire story (or what I know of it, at least) of her life and death on here, so I’ll just leave it at the fact that she died at age nineteen. I wonder all the time what life would be like if she hadn’t died. Would I even be here? Would things be better? Would they be worse? Would she and my grandfather still be married? I think they would, simply because even after subsequent marriages he still says she was the love of his life.
When it first came out, I was still working a job in a field that bored me. I wanted only to be a full-time writer. A famous writer. A rich and famous writer. This song, widely played in those days, ran through my head. I hummed it off and on all day long. I no longer wanted to work at my boring job of course, but I noticed something else: that when I reached a sweet spot in the writing of a story, I didn’t want to play either. I didn’t want to go hang out with friends, shop, or party. I only wanted to bang on my drum. I only wanted to keep writing, like the song says.
We are playing them next week and seeing as they are now, by default, my "local" side I will be there in the away end.
Drum roll please! Congratulations to...
*happy sigh*
The same as the Admiral of the Fleet, with only four laces on the cuffs.
Bradbury & Partners are committed to helping loan originators make intelligent career choices for a strong future, in every area of mortgage specialization.
Every Monday I watch my cousins two children. I really enjoy them. There Liliana who is 3 and Kolby(not shown)who is 10 months. They are such sweet children. Today Liliana decided she was spending the night. Both my children are boys and now teenagers so I haven't had a little one at my house during the night in a long time. I don't know that I'll get much sleep.
Then TEST.
The book is six regular pages and two pocket pages thick, you can see here the depth of the book. The book is bound as opposed to rings. I personally prefer the look of a finished book, gives is a little more classy look. Front and back covers were made of chipboard, the regular pages were made with cereal box cardboard painted black with acrylic paint.
Sunday we went to the cavern and learned that, starting in November, they decorate it with lights and let you take a drive through. We're going to try to reschedule that hotel water park to coincide with the lights. I'm super excited about that and I know the kids will love it, too.
Why a sudden opening of so many branches in the Klang Valley?
Remember on the Note model, there is field id, content, categoryid and category. The id is use for backend, so there is no need of textbox here, the categoryid and category will be display as selection box, where displaying category as a text, but will save the categoryid to the server.
anddddd I have made it past 100 followers- that's exciting stuff guys! So thank you, thank you all!!! I have a huge smile on my face! I never would have thought I would see that number! I just might be doing a giveaway soon! Stay tuned I will keep y'all posted, I have a busy weekend/week ahead of me!
· $1,620 on music and magazines
“My child, said the old man, what are you expecting to happen? Do you think that a beautifully written speech will fall from the sky as if by magic? Do you think a speech will present its self to you on the wings of an Angel? It doesn’t happen that way, child. You must look within. You hold the key within you to inspire your audience. It’s up to you to find the key and unlock the words of wisdom that all need to hear.’’
Crown comb: 1920s-1930s (most likely 1920s)Art deco Celluloid wonder
How about that for name and password?
The second book, The House I Loved, I didn’t even manage to begin. I have to report that the other members of my club weren’t too excited about this one, either, especially after reading the incredible Sarah’s Key. We even all shared a sense of indifference to the books we’ve tried to read since trudging through the pages of these two less-than-enthralling reads. And this is not to say that either of these books is bad — just that neither was a really continually compelling story.
+In The Summertime Of Consciousness
I didn't mean to take a break at first. But now it is quite intentional. I'm rather enjoying myself. Thanks for your email. I'll be back after my break.
I really love that it has Tris stood looking out over the landscape again like it had her on the cover of the first book.
The dinner menu had a very nice selection of items, especially the tapas which is what we ended up going with, considering the “small plate” the following choices were ordered:
What comes to mind first when you hear the word…togetherness? I think most of us would think of our family and the time we spend together. That, I think, is a most obvious answer but in this post I am sharing my wacky and my not-so-wacky thoughts on the subject of togetherness, the title for this week’s photo challenge.
This one is great for parents with kids of all ages. It is a comprehensive guide to a child's sexual development from birth to adulthood. The authors give helpful and practical advice on how to discuss sex with our children as they grow up. It's funny and light, but full of facts and research.
We finally see the doctor. She stands beside me. Not a good place considering my stomach was rumbling. We each go through medical history, register on a form and that’s it. Conclusion: I have a new doctor and I have to get a check-up and physical exam ASAP. I’ve never had a physical done before. The closest thing has been when I was 13 or so and Dr. Lee wanted to check to make sure puberty and mother nature were doing their thing. I’m nervous to get it all done, but I want it done because I want to know if there is anything wrong so it can be dealt with now rather than any later.
I am trying to take care of a few remaining items on my to-do list tonight before heading back to work tomorrow (boo!). So I will leave you with some inspiring spaces from Samantha Pynn of Pure Design. I love all of the various patterns and colors she uses in her rooms -- they all look so comfortable and pulled together.
Masoula style gardening
AEGIS is a ready-made secret agency to drop in the place of Project Sandman. Its agents are already trained to cover up unknowable horrors. The Red King and its implications are right in their wheelhouse. In that way, the impending threat of History B slots right into the world of AEGIS.
The English claim of decent actions towards the Boer women and children are further contradicted by the location of the concentration camps. The military authorities, who often had to plan and erect camps for their soldiers, would certainly have been well aware of the essential requirements for such camps. Yet the concentration camps were established in the most unsuitable locations possible.
Entertainment was also an important past-time for the President, as he hosted a Cinco de Mayo Reception, and greeted the Kentucky men’s basketball team.
One of the places that I always wanted to visit was Angkor Wat, the largest Hindu temples in the world. I’ve seen gorgeous pictures of the ruins in the Angkor region. Then a chance to go on a trip to Siem Reap, Cambodia came last December in 2012. I went on a trip to Siem Reap with 3 girl friends in Jakarta and we met up with another girl friend there. Siem Reap is a northwestern city in Cambodia and the gateway to the Angkor region. We went there to participate in a Angkor Wat Half Marathon in December, 2012. Three of my girl friends ran 10K and one of them ran a half marathon. I only did a 3K as I was 25 weeks pregnant at that time and I didn’t want to risk my pregnancy. I’ll write about the experience in a separate post.
Wonderful served at a barbecue, shower or dinner party. No one will expect, or bring, these savory “fried up” cakes.
Christmas Decoration Ideas: White
I miss your guidance and the freedom between us. The respect and the fun. So I’m going to create with you as my starting point.
U-571 (dir. Jonathan Mostow, 2000)
I made the flower months ago using TH's Tattered Florals dies, and the vine die is new from a set of goodies I recently received from Bizzy Bec's.
ANYWAY, I just love it. Growing up, Mom always made sure that us girls got presents on Valentine’s Day. As a kid, it was exciting! and fun! and chocolate before school! but by the time I turned 13, I realized how special it was. Let’s just say I was a late bloomer, so throughout the “painful years” my mom was my only Valentine. To this day, she goes out of her way to let us know that she loves us. One year, we were informed that we’d gotten a cookie basket. Sure, we had to drive 10 miles to go get it, but it was an adventure that netted us both some heart-shaped cookies that said “I love you” on them. The next year, Mom bought us matching panini presses (or was that Easter?).
Now I listened and Got it all.
I have created this blog as a means to take you on my journeys around the world. My upcoming adventure will begin in 10 days and I can be tracked down in San Jose, Costa Rica, where I will be volunteering and teaching English to local children for three weeks.
“I’m gonna keep the coke and the fries but I’m gonna send this burger back. And if you put any mayonnaise on it, I’m gonna come over to your house, I’ll chop your legs off, set fire to your house, and watch as you drag your bloody stumps out the door.”
I wholeheartedly recommend this product for anyone caring for a person with a disability - young or old. It has made life so much easier for me, and so much more respectful for my two kids with disabilities.
and they folded one on top of the other,
That's my thrifted Desigual skirt, last seen here. This is only the second wear for it as well. See? All these great things in my closet and I never wear them! This is one of the reasons I'm doing this year-long challenge: what do I love enough to fit into a 30-item capsule?
Five course degustation $150
Rating 14
So, why have I been missing? Well, first things first, I’ve got a book deal! Very excited to say the least! It has been a great process with the wonderful people at Anova refining the concept and I think we’ve hit on a fresh formula, which will make it accessible for the idly curious and the uber-interested alike (fingers crossed!!). Out towards the end of next year with luck!
Here I am on January 1, 2011. And I am blah. I am a bit numb. I am unmotivated. I am in a rut.
Natalie:
Today's craft brewers face many challenges including the following:
In the interim I held out a hope that I wouldn’t have to find him – that he’d find me and we’d just know. Romantic, right? Don’t let me fool you; this dream was the result of procrastination and rationalization. Fate may bring your person by chance but if you’re not open, you won’t see it and I wasn’t open. I know this now.
The third reason was that there was a strong strain of non-sectarian thinking in the PIRA and its supporters that, though not universal or always observed, was obviously widespread and genuine. The PIRA was fighting for a British withdrawal from Ireland, subsequent to which NI would be incorporated into a united Ireland. This would obviously entail the Protestant population of NI becoming the fellow Irish citizens of the rest of the Irish, north and south of the border, a development hardly likely to result in a harmonious state of affairs if Protestants had good reason to believe they would be subjected to homicidal antipathy by those fellow citizens. This is not to suggest that there was no sectarian feeling amongst PIRA members, only that an ideological opposition to sectarianism was a strong force amongst PIRA leaders. In contrast, the UVF and UDA were battling to keep NI in the UK and to keep Protestants in a dominant position therein. They were not trying to win friends amongst the Catholic population, and had no particular need to be esteemed by them.
-Brock picks up the ref by the belt with one hand and brings him back into the ring.
1½ cups (3 sticks) unsalted butter, room temperature
*concerned face* If you’re having serious problems we should talk about it.
and so at the beginning of my junior year i turned 16 and kept listening my bands and my attitude kept getting worse and since the parents had been through this once with my older sister they had an idea where it was going except for the fact that i was a better liar and could cover my tracks better and after a a pretty good hoops season spring rolled around and all hell sorta broke loose, you see for a guy who's done every drug known to man i got a bit of a late start, i wasn't until the spring of my junior year in high school that i began to start drinking, of course i took my first drink on a monday and by wednesday i was looking to score weed and by friday i was sitting at a park with two of my best friends blazing up the first joint of my life, and then of course another one, it was like the sky just blew open, i think my reaction was something like "holyfuckingshitthisfeelsgood" and i guess we could all grin and say the rest is history now innit? Of course what does this have to do with my old man? well i'm getting to that, you see along with my shiny new badassness i picked up a girlfriend who's nickname among the PTA set was Wendy the Wabbit, basically cuz Wendy liked to fuck and fuck alot, i would spend many a night that spring fucking her in her daddy's Chevy Caprice, light blue with vinyl seats, even better she worked at Taco Bell so half the time she smelled like a burrito which was bliss to my stoned senses, yeah i know it's odd but hell what did i care, i was sweating up her old man's back seat, figure the taco smell might cover the smell of sex...
Perhaps it's no accident then that Wallach is the only actor still alive, as if watching all the other cast members slowly vanish in the desert wind like shimmering horizon angels left him cursed with longevity. The other actors 'find the highway under the big star' and left ELi behind to fly his damned crop duster "without ever being able to land."
NYX Eyeshadow Base White
Of course, being the results-driven, time-lacking person that I am, I chose to cut my hexagons with the Accuquilt GO! cutter. Not much difference in size at all, and a total time saver. Considering I did quite a few more hexagons than the original design of the quilt called for, I needed all of the help I could get!
There he was silhouetted in the glow from inside!
A real shame. He is a good guy who got caught up in the showbiz lights. He was one of the best basketball players of all time and helped people like Jordan and Pipen shine, because he did all the dirty work. If anything, he was too generous and the party was always on him. Where are the good time “Friends” now when he needs some help ? I hope he lands on his feet and gets back on track.
LOVE that my boys want to be like their Daddy! I hope their Daddy will always be their hero!
In fact, Kerzner showed a scenario in the meeting that illustrated that partnership. In that demonstration, a young client seeks information online for insurance. Once she gets to the point she wants to speak with a real person, an option pops up to speak to one of several local independent producers. She chooses one based on the producer’s profile and sees that she is online and available for a chat. Within moments, the producer is talking to a very strong lead.
Juliana Hatfield My sister US
So, that's what I've been doing... mostly ;o)
6/13 Seattle, WA - Crocodile Cafe
find it, for some reason. Maybe they have bad
EDWIN!!
Carolyn and Joe are fresh and ready to welcome you to another episode of the fantastic Carolyn and Joe Show! As you can tell from the title, this week we have a conversation that will ether offend of entertain, about hair! Our hair, your hair, Guys hair, Gals hair, Ascetic Jews hair, Amish hair, Hippy hair, Black people hair…We also have a spin off on what actors do females admire and what actors to men admire, something like that. It makes sense when you listen to it. PLUS MORE. Enjoy!
When I was done, I was sweating profusely. (Dear god: Please let this be due to the chili oil, and not the early onset of menopause.) And I had to force myself not to lie down on a bench and unbutton my pants.
We stumble on refuse of rations,
Peel and cut potatoes into chunks
Unfortunately this raffle is only for Australian residents, but feel free to still donate if you live overseas (like one sweet girl did) and I'd love to send you a thank you card.
(This photo cracks me up.) A cab stopped to pick us up, and I clutched the windowsill and tried to keep my moans to a minimum, so as not to freak out the driver. After a twenty-minute cab ride uptown, we arrived at Weill Cornell Medical Center. We were taken to a triage room, where the doctors decide if you should be admitted. They checked my dilation, and it was only 2 centimeters! You have to be dilated 10 centimeters to deliver a baby, so I had hoped that we'd be further along, but was thrilled to get the official word that we were in labor. Luckily, my contractions were so strong and close together that they admitted us. (The admitting doctor at first contemplated sending us for a walk around the block! Yeah, right!)
her with a feral pointlessness for which,
My condolences to Jim's mother, brother, and sister-in-law. I know he loved them deeply.
With thousands of cars whizzing around, it’s hard not to feel a little anxious. They zip around tight corners and down sloping, curving overpasses, creating a buzz that is noticeably louder than the thoughts in our own heads. Watching them can make one dizzy, and trying to follow them as they pass is almost impossible.
Okay, on to the May sketch. We invite you to join in the fun at My Creative Sketches and enter to win this gorgeous prize package!
By Lisa Suhay
By the time we were reading Shakespeare's 'Julius Caesar' in English lessons, it seemed to me utterly understandable that the Bard chose to dispose of JC himself near the beginning of the play. From that day to this, I have heard nothing to raise my level of interest in the man, not even when, three times in three years, I underwent the medical procedure which (mistakenly, I'm told) bears his name. And it seems I am not alone: a quick Internet tour suggests that no one else is particularly excited about him either. His online presence is a mighty virtual yawn.
Why is all of the hyphenation and hating going on in America? Why is such a distinction made before we are labeled Americans? African (sorry I don't come from Africa.) Arab, Asian, Black, Chinese, Hispanic, Native. I don't see anything about White-American or European-American. Who made this 'hyphenation' up and why are we accepting a line that separates us? I feel that we as Americans are all equal and held together by a common thread. Like a treasured beaded necklace of different colors held together on a string, we are held together by our necessities and our circumstances and our humanity. Every color helps to make the necklace beautiful. We can never be a totally separate entity. Americans of all colors are so integrated that if we hurt one, we hurt all. Just like that necklace of treasured beads, leave one out and the gap is seen. Break the chain and many of us are lost.
During that period, I had participated in numerous talk shows on the local Khayelitsha radio station. Why had no listener ever called in to complain?
1/4 cup finely chopped fresh flat-leaf parsley
So, yeah, just a few of the HUGE happenings at our place (or Olathe, as the case may be)!
Preheat oven to 400 F. Lightly grease 9x13 pan; set aside. Combine sauce, water, ricotta 1 c mozzarella, sausage, parmesan and penne. Pour into 9x13 pan and cover with foil. Bake 55 min. Remove foil and top with remaining mozzarella cheese. Bake 5-10 min, til bubbly. Let cook for 15-20 min.
Kathy taught this class previously and it was wildly popular. She's repeating it due to popular demand, so it will fill up quickly. Call the shop today and add your name to the list!
Well, it’s Thursday and I knew it was going to be a long day from the moment I woke up this morning. That’s what happens when the opening night for your musical is today. I do seem to have a tendency to have late Thursday nights lately especially since I joined the Community Orchestra and had rehearsals that would last until nine o’clock. This is why I can’t volunteer for things like that too often because I really don’t have time to do it all the time. I got up this morning and got myself going for the day. I ate some leftover pancakes from yesterday for breakfast and then got in the shower as Heather headed off to work. I got done with my shower and we got all my things together for the day as we watched “The Early Show” on CBS. Not much to talk about in the news because I really wasn’t paying attention to it. The world will keep on spinning, that’s all that matters to me for today. Before I knew it, I was out the door to head to work while the kids were off to school.
David Thomas “Davy” Jones (30 December 1945 – 29 February 2012) was an English rock singer-songwriter and actor best known as a member of the Monkees, one of the world’s first manufactured pop bands created specifically for the tv series The Monkees.
Together, they walked, single file, down the path. This section was obviously less used, since it had more brushy overhangs. A half-mile in, Danielle guessed, they came upon a seven foot tall, stone wall. Kenny’s beam drew a line up the wall until it stopped. On the top of the wall were razor sharp spikes. Kenny swept the beam back and forth at eye level, looking for an opening, even one that might be obscured by what might look like grout. Nothing.
HER?
* Dissolves quickly in front & top load machines
I had a great meeting with my boss last week. It started off a little awkward, with him asking point blank what I wanted from him and me not knowing at all how to answer him, but we finally eased into the conversation.
But a lot of software and software services realize that once they’ve locked you into a particular data format, they have you for life. The problem is, they usually don’t last that long. It would be grand if Google was around for our grandchildren, and you could open the document you write on Google Docs today in that future. (Not slagging on Google, just using them as an example.)
the morning after our trip aboard the santa train,
in my musical set up.
In the past, the Ministry Of Finance in response to one of my RTI applications transferred my application to 33 different authorities, on its own volition without any pestering from my side. Similarly the DIPP, the Patent Office, the Ministry of Environment have all transferred my RTI applications to different authorities without raising an issue of this ridiculous DOPT circular which is not followed any longer in this country. The National Biological Authority once sent me the information first and only later asked me to pay the Rs.
#42. the ability to flip a semi truck tire
The majority of the essays-most of which are on the Maya-are on archaeological subjects, epigraphy, ethnohistory and ethnography, and linguistics. As few original copies of the Notes series are known to exist in U.S. and Canadian libraries, the book will make these essays easily accessible to students, academics, and researchers in the field.
I talked with our loan officer today, and as things stand now, we will be closing around the 10th of May. YAY!!
I especially took to the early chapters where he speaks of his travels overseas, his love affair with London and the solitary walks that gave him such a knowledge of the city. He was an early bloomer in terms of his writing skills, developer of his high school newspaper, editor of one in college, and the youngest member of the Chicago Sun Times esteemed staff, taken under the wing of Mike Royko, and introduced to his future wife Chaz by none other than Dear Abby.
One of the brave principals wrote a letter to Commissioner John King yesterday. It was reported in the New York Times blog, Schoolbook. (http://www.nytimes.com/schoolbook/2012/05/02/long-island-principal-decries-quality-of-state-exams/)
Iranian democrats, such as the Tudeh Party, oppose further sanctions on their country, noting the already worsening living standards of working people and the propaganda value gained by parasitic elements of the theocratic dictatorship as they pose as an “anti-imperialist” resistance.
I urge you to go out and buy these two books for your loved ones this Christmas. They will love you all the more for it.
So let's translate conclusions people draw from Schmidt's quote into the language of cognitive science:
I understand that for some it will be a bigger step than for others; not everyone is outgoing and comfortable trying new things, but step through your fear and into volunteering by giving time to an organization that you admire. Your body will thank you for being adventurous and for sharing your gifts. If it’s too uncomfortable to step out alone, invite a friend … Share that Vitamin V!
Let’s hear it from three people who witnessed the rally:
George would swiftly have registered all his designs at the Patent Office, which may be why the Kirby name survives now.
Well, I think I finally understand.
The original Deanie’s Seafood location in Metairie.
Generously douse a layer of ganache on top, evening it out with a palette knife, as much as possible.
far beyond the toil and trouble
Puri tourist officer Bijay Jena said Paolo had opened a small office ‘Orissa Trekking and Adventure’ on Chakratirtha Road a few years ago. Local tour operators alleged Paolo had not obtained any permission from tourism department either to operate the office or take tourists on tribal tours in Maoist-hit areas. Jena admitted Paolo had no permission for organizing treks but said only travel agencies are required to take permission from the department. “Paolo’s was not a travel agency,” Jena said.
In addition to this news, the site says EA will release Close Quarters, the latest expansion for Battlefield 3 on June 12th, followed by Bonus content in August and two more expansion packs Armored Kill and End Game later in the year.
At some point of her life, the girl found out that her dreams were just unmatched with the reality. She found herself to be demanded by the surroundings. The people around her expected her to be this and that. She was trying her best to please everyone. Maybe that was one of her minor personality. She wanted to please everyone. Was it because she wanted to be loved by everyone? Why was it so? Was it because she felt unloved, at all? Well, enough for the psychoanalysis.
With the Blues down 1-0, Kris Russell took matters in his own hands and smashed in the face of San Jose Shark’s J.Pav….. My oh My Kris Russell packs a mean punch! K.Russ help the blues punch their way to a 3-0 bashing of the Sharks……check out the video below of the fight…….
Here's a couple more pictures of my project in action:
“Writing- writing is writing to me. What else could have been the best answer to this particular question?”
Story goes like this:
The Cambridge Library Collection reissues out-of-copyright books of enduring scholarly value, across the humanities, social sciences, science, technology and medicine. The Press works in partnership with a number of prestigious academic institutions to make available in paperback important books that are hard to find outside specialist libraries.
Designed a set for a play
Thanks to Cooking Light, I think I have come pretty close. First of all, the addition of shrimp is genius. It bulks up the meal with lean protein so you can have a smaller portion and still be satisfied. Using a really good-quality Parmesan or Parmigiano-Reggiano cheese is key here, too. You want that flavor to shine, so it had better be good. I used half and half, which is not as luxurious as heavy cream. Just a little bit doesn't set you back too far in the fat department, but it gives the dish that creaminess that's so essential. Finally, the secret weapon here is reduced-fat cream cheese. This, combined with a bit of reserved pasta cooking liquid, allows you to reach the desired consistency. There is one slight catch: you need to serve and eat this dish right away. If it sits too long, it can get a bit gluey and lose the creamy texture. If this does happen, just refresh it with a bit more hot water. This meal was the best kind for me; it fit within my nutritional requirements, but it totally tasted like cheat food!
Charges per address are as follows:
I asked for it via the Interlibrary Loan department. They located it in a library several states away and, within a few weeks, obtained that copy and loaned it to me for four weeks at no charge. I browsed the book, enjoyed it, and then returned it. For me Crazy Lace is encouraging, but falls into an awkward spot -- it won't seem revolutionary to experienced lace knitters, but could be overwhelming to new lace knitters.
Kevin looked round and raised an eyebrow in Grace’s direction. She bit it. “You should listen to your friend more,” the wizened old man continued, “He is wise far beyond his ears…”
Equity is based on the philosophy of equality. Equity examines at the distribution of capital, goods and access to services throughout an economy and is often measured using tools such as the Lorenz curve and Gini index. Government plays a central role in the redistribution needed for equity between all citizens, but applying this in practice is highly complex and involves difficult choices. Should we promote equal opportunity or equal results?
But, if scientists at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology are to be believed, then this will revolutionize a human’s state of being.
Still, we walk this way with a limp.
Cinerama is a truly amazing wide screen technology unique to all of cinema. Essentially three synchronized 35mm cameras photograph one massively wide and richly-detailed image, joined back together in theaters by three interlocked projectors. Widescreen technologies actually go back to the silent era, but Cinerama was the first process to make a big splash. So big was its impact, in fact, that The New York Times reviewed This Is Cinerama on its front page, a first. Most of the Cinerama films enjoyed runs of up to two years (!) and were among the highest-grossing movies of the entire 1950s and ’60s.
1/2 lb (that's roughly half the package) of pasta. Try some long ones. I especially love the fettucine or linguine ones.
Daniel, as usual, had the final word on the matter, "Well Mom, it makes sense. Sand is kind of annoying..."
5. What are your most and least favorite pizza toppings? Most favorite is cheese (I LOVE cheese!) and least favorite would be olives. Olives ruin everything. Or spicy peppers. I've never tried anchovies....maybe that would be bad too.
Let us suppose that one has issues at home, would one hang in there for ‘meaningful contribution to a worthy cause’ or leave to establish another home; to other types of places, with variable scales where one comes in contact with on daily bases, have their share of possible worthy causes for change: supermarket, school, neighborhood, mosque, restaurant, bank and hospital. Would one just leave his or her own place to others more comfortable escaping the application of the principle to lead and affect change?
Canned: Brewdog Punk (the good ones)
When they say things like 'someday'
This weekend is a gloriously long one. More rain is, of course, promised but hopefully it will hold off on Sunday as I am taking part in the Tweed Run! I'm irrationally excited about this. And as a bonus it's also a chance to raise some money for my favourite charity. I'll be posting some pics of myself in my tweedy finery after the run.
(Breathe Breathe)
Then the in-text citation would look like this:
Because He is your Creator, you can be at peace with how He has made you. You are fearfully and wonderfully made (see Psalm 139). He has great plans for your life. Trust Him. Look to Him. Follow Him. Let Him continue to make you into the person He wants you to be.
The winners have been emailed and will have 48 hours to contact me with their shipping information.
If, at this point in the season, it wasn’t already clear to everyone, this Dawgs team is led by Aaron Murray. It’s true that he’s just a redshirt freshman. But it’s also true that his teammates hold him in high regard. His spectacular play and, more importantly, his toughness, have endeared him to the fans. But don’t think these attributes have gone unnoticed by his teammates. This is Aaron’s team. This is:
One day my dad told me a story I've never heard before and never heard since.
“The word agony is not just a pious term from the Rosary or other traditions; it’s a term from Scripture. In Greek they talk about Christ’s agonia. We know what agony means in English, but in Greek, at the time of Jesus, it was also a technical term for what athletes did warming up for the Olympic Games. During that warm-up, the Greek athletes would produce a certain sweat which would warm up their muscles and ready them for coming combat. That sweat, that lather, was called their agonia.
I went to pick up my sister at the Beirut Memorial, where she was going to be leaving her car for the day. I had forgotten to call her on the way there, so while she was on her way to meet me, I decided it was a good time to take some photos. They had added a new section for the Vietnam Veterans, which had me really emotional just standing there.
Hank Williams hasn't answered yet
One lady said she was on the Ghost Road and saw the light coming from a distance and it was a carload of people, and she said they got the sense that it was a long ways off and it was approaching them rapidly, and then everybody in the car had the sensation that they were moving backwards at a great rate of speed as the light was approaching them. And then the light literally went right through the vehicle they were in, and after it passed the sensation of movement ended.
Looking back over my recipes, I see so many things I would love to make and attempted to make an organized list. I wanted to make a few sample menus that might inspire others with their own holiday dinners but there are just too many choices. Then I thought, why not make a Mix and Match Menu that lists some of my favorite soups, salads, appetizers, entrees, sides and desserts and people could come up with their own individualized menus.
It's easy to sit here and bitch. It's harder to act. So, in that spirit, I have taken this vow:
Flying was my dad’s dream, and no, he was not a pilot even though in his heart he thought he was. He worked in offices and volunteered extra shifts if there was an accident and flew to St. Louis to buy fresh milk for my older sister when there was a milk strike in NY. He loved everything about flying and traveling with our mother and when we were children we came along, almost always. A visit to Grandma’s house for us was to fly to Vienna, Austria or Tel-Aviv, Israel. I thought nothing of it as a child, it’s what we did; my older sister and I did have to get dressed up in a matching sweater and skirt sets, identical (except for color and size.) We were not allowed to wear pants, God forbid jeans. We had to dress up formally before each flight, our dad’s rule because we were flying “subject to space” which meant we would try for a flight but since we were “non-revs” (non-revenue passengers) we never knew when we would be able to get on a particular flight, looking good wasn’t optional in our house. We had no choice. In fact, back then, everyone dressed up for a flight, there were no jeans or sweat pants….they didn’t exist.
Ethan Breckenridge
4 simple
Without much ado, it now sits on my select shelf ready to be borrowed to anyone even remotely interested… I promise you won’t be able to put it down once you pick it up!
After some LA rain, it finally feels like spring is in full effect. I can now wear my sandals without ruining my pedicure! As we’ve seen in current ads and fashion weeks, neons and neutrals are two of the hottest trends this spring and summer. Some go with one or the other, but a true fashion risk taker is combining both in to one look.
If you've never tried working with digital images before, then I would recommend you try it, they are very versatile and saves the storage space of rubber stamps.
Just what is the Grassy Knoll Institutes Lost theory….I’ve been waiting since Genesis to tell you…..
I don’t do things by half do I? So I had a lovely day for my birthday, really lovely. And then I went to bed and woke up in the night with a fever. Add to that a soaring temperature and a numb face – deep joy. Thank god I live with my family, I’d have been terrified if I lived on my own, I can’t cope with illness at all. When I woke up in the morning I felt much better, until I fainted in the kitchen and knocked my head. Cue a call to 999.
After he was shot, he hobbled down the passage and collapsed in front of the bathroom door where he "died in a pool of blood".
“Addison, if somebody is trying to make you go away from Mommy or Daddy, you’ve got to fight, yell, kick and scream. It’s better to be safe than nice every time.”
Instead of making him an appointment I questioned him, and then sent him to the ER. I had dinner in the oven and no hope of child care until 7:30pm so it was the best I could do. Honestly, I thought it would probably turn out to be nothing. Maybe it was just a panic attack or heartburn or something really simple. He's only 42. It can't be his heart. Not yet.
Not only does the ending fail as art, but it fails as science-fiction. Science fiction is a legitimate branch of literature that deals with the future and ruminates upon the moral, ethical, and humanistic dilemmas that technological advancement present. It should come as no surprise that Jules Verne and H.G. Wells helped to birth the genre during the Industrial Revolution, when technological advancement was outpacing the intellectuals' abilities to consider the human responses to such advancements. Instead of dealing with current issues, science fiction attempts to predict advancement, stay ahead of the curve, and wrestle with difficult questions regarding the human condition in hypothetical situations that have not yet occurred.
I dressed, did my hair and makeup (and learned at the end of the night that I can no longer wear under eye concealer and powder – my under eye area looked like the Sahara desert by the time I took off my makeup), got dressed, coordinated jewelry, chose a jacket, swapped purses and headed out. I got to the restaurant a full 30 minutes early.
There is also reason to think that Plato might be somewhat one-sided in his account of Socrates’ struggle with the authorities of Athens, presenting an uncharitable account of the old order that has contributed to the way we understand Socrates today. Plato was traumatized by Socrates’ execution by the city of Athens, in 399BC, after sentencing on charges of impiety and corrupting the youth. Dialogues such as The Euthyphro, The Protagoras, and The Apology take revenge on the old order by presenting everything from Socrates’ side. ‘How stupid were those Greeks?’ we ask ourselves as we read Plato’s dialogues. ‘Those hidebound traditionalists – they believed every word that came from an oracle’s mouth’.
One of the other topics covered in the "health benefits" section that I found particularly interesting: Have some red wine or some spinach with your hamburger! Apparently cooking ground beef above medium rare (I wish I liked it the French way!) oxidized much of the fat in the meat. Antioxidant-rich foods and beverages consumed along with the oxidized fats might counteract any associated health risks. The French had it right all along... :)
(One of the important reasons that many ancient settlements and civilizations developed near water sources, like lakes, ponds and rivers, is because water had to be generally transported by hand.)
Row 8: Ch 2, turn. *Bpdc in next dc, Fpdc in next dc. Repeat from * around. Do not join.
Oaken Barrel Superfly (IPA)
Emphasis here on “help” because the FLSA rule change is, as logicians say, necessary but not sufficient. It would, however, rectify what seems a clear case of economic injustice.
“But I like it.”
AleSmith Brewing Company AleSmith Horny Devil
Now you can look at paranormal activity much more objectively when trying to determine whether it is true activity or if something in our physical world is causing the disturbance. But the human mind is capable of much trickery so you need to be on your toes when investigating the unkown and going over evidence. Your mind WILL try to compensate for what it does not understand.
To do NOTHING when something is required is the epitome of laziness.
Take the ride, you will not be disappointed.
A bit of retiring room gossip tells me that a District Judge was recently rammed from behind by another car when he had the temerity to stop for an amber traffic light. The other driver yelled at the judge for stopping at a mere amber signal.
Fashion: Lets be honest! Fashion is a factor! Being a modern mama, I want everything and more! It’s got to function and be cute. Hotslings™ come in a variety of colors and patterns.
I know for me and for a very long time I struggled with this and found myself sometimes feeling envious of other Christians, others who were recieving all these blessings. Everything they did prospered and I was angry, asking God why?, why are some more blessed than others?. Well with much anticipation, I recieved the answer. Although the answer was not what I expected, it gave me great joy and peace. Everyone that seem to be more blessed than you, are living not in the realm of the blessings but in the realm, where there is an abundance of grace, which Is found in My Son Jesus Christ, I have revealed this grace to them and they are bathing in it. It finally hit me, the reason why I am not blessed is not that I am not blessed, no, not at all, it is that I am looking in the wrong place to see and aknowledge my blessing in Christ, I was spending all my time looking at other peoples blessings, that I looked right pass all my blessings in grace. The blessings of God is found the atoning sacrifice, which is Jesus. In Jesus Christ all of the richness of God dwells and has been given to us as gift. Some of us however, have not yet recieved and understood the fullness of His grace, which overflows with total prosperity. Jesus overcame every sickness, pain and evil attack by the devil, so that we could be free from all of them. So why are we suffering with these same problems today?, well, We are not living in this complete and immeasurable gift from God.
We have to understand that the starting point of prayer is what we learn about God in the person of Jesus.
Since Juliette has been little she has loved putting popsicle sticks into an empty container and then dumping it out. We keep the container filled with popsicle sticks in the cabinet where she can reach it and she takes it out to play with them often. One day, when Emily wanted to use the popsicle sticks with her and I didn’t have an extra empty container for her to use by herself I decided to turn this fun fine motor activity into a new math game that the girls could play together.
The soup was pretty good. It had a creamy taste, and although I didn’t get much of the black truffle, I thought the other flavors came through pretty well. The problem was that there was just too much soup. After a couple of minutes, I’d eaten the sunchokes and the almonds, and I was still left with a sizable quantity of soup to get through. At the City Grit dinner, Chef Santos referred to this as “palate fatigue” — the sort of boredom that sets in from eating the same thing over and over. That’s how I felt about halfway through this soup. It started out great, but then it became a bit of a chore to get through.
Repeat Tail through Row 6
Okay, now that you are all up to date on my Glee dilemma, let's move on...
“Kathy.” a chubby hand thrust outward extending an eager palm for her reward as Jack produced a single bean from his tin can which sported his smiling image like a like the toothy wolf or a car salesman Mattie took him for. Cautiously pulling back her sacred bean just in case Jack like the beanstalk had second thoughts but instead of taking back the bean he asked, “Now I promise you that even though that woman is really scary and icky dead looking she isn’t going to hurt you at all. She’s kind of a friend of the lady I'm sitting with and in about five minutes she’ll be off the bus. But I have to listen to my new friend Mattie over there tell me a story and if I have to worry about you being scared and crying and waking up adults and trying to convince them of things most adults can’t see the way special clever girls like you can then I wont get to hear the story and time’s a wasting so can I get your promise to be a brave girl?” Kathy's eyes nearly bulged from their sockets at the rambling spew of words from Jack like the beanstalk.
13. ‘Racist prejudice and stereotyping can work and be evident both ways.’ (para, 45.25). Given the fury directed at the police, this single sentence is hardly an impressive example of trying to be balanced.
These motifs can be joined
The first thing Max said after he got the news that he would have to write a sizable check to the IRS was an explosive “What did you do, Diana?” He was sure that she hadn’t booked invoices or checks. “Did you put in the gas receipts?” After being assured that the books were correct, the Dios mio’s started flying. A series of That damn Obama‘s followed closely. In the end, we went over changes we need to make for 2012 to prevent sticker shock at the end of the year. We incorporated this year which should help. I expect Max to ask, at least a few more times, if I am “sure that Diana put in all the expenses”. I hate learning experiences, finding out that what I thought I knew is not what IS.
"According to Ethiopian legend, she was born in 1020 B.C. in Ophir, and educated in Ethiopia. Her mother was Queen Ismenie; her father, chief minister to Za Sebado, succeeded him as King. One story describes that as a child Sheba (called Makeda) was to be sacrificed to a serpent god, but was rescued by the stranger 'Angaboo. Later, her pet jackal bit her badly on one foot and leg, leaving lasting scars and deformity. When her father died in 1005 B.C., Sheba became Queen at the age of fifteen. Contradictory legends refer to her as ruling for forty years, and reigning as a virgin queen for six years. In most accounts, she never married.
Much love from 3KE!
and then suddenly, my peaceful morning is not quite so peaceful anymore.
Architectural Digest, Designer Juan Pablo Molyneux.
Monday-
I kept working the area and after a total of 6 hours on the river I was ready to call it day…when I met Frank. He asked me step out of the water and follow him. He pointed out an area full of steelhead. He told me what to look for and how to spot them. He said, “just cast up stream and let it float down in front of them.” He takes my rod as if to show me and realizes I am on a dry. Ha. Needless to say Frank let me borrow his 9wt GLoomis and set me up on a couple different areas. Later, I find out Frank is the owner of the Pere Marquette River Lodge/Fly Shop.
I will be back in full on Thursday after 3 PM (MST).
I am me. Standing tall. No longer ashamed of who I am in your eyes. There is no you, there is only me. I stand tall, confident, proud of who I am. Precision and focus in all of my movements. I will be whole again.
We tried so hard last year to find a way to make a nice cup o’ in the car; tried to find a gas station open early enough for a steamer; I sweetly batted my eyelashes at my boyfriend to wait for me to build a fire and boil some water (no time…lighting is money honey!); attempted to wane myself off the addicting brown stuff…
Wishing you and your family a wonderful Christmas and holiday season!
So God turns upside down and inside out notions of who he is and what his kingdom is like. It’s certainly nothing like we might expect. His is a kingdom where it is far better to be broke than it is to be fixed, far better to be empty than filled, far better to be the sinner than the righteous.
08. Loving arm 3:31
To understand this context, take a look at a slightly different metric — Share Of Conversation (SOC) — which may be a more honest assessment of social media influence.
We heard a couple of days later that we didn't get the house. Then the day after that, the sellers' realtor asked if we would consider having a backup contract. After thinking about it, we said yes. So this meant that we were the second highest bid and if anything fell through with the first buyer, it would automatically go to us. We actually had to submit earnest money and an option fee. So we are technically under contract with this arrangement (as a backup contract).
Sound: Yikes! I hear the sound of rustling blankets on the monitor, which means nap time is probably pretty close to the end! Now my phone is ringing so I'm listening to Steve talk to my brother while I patiently wait for my turn to talk to him too.
But it’s “Special train for Atkins” when the trooper’s on the tide,
I recently created a Playlist on my iPhone in order to motivate me at the gym. The pumped in selection via the horrific sound system, couldn’t motivate this ass on a good day! It was time to create the playlist. This wasn’t going to be an easy task for me and I’ve been putting it off for quite some time. Honestly, it shouldn’t be that difficult, but I appreciate all genres of music and can go from Al Green to Led Zeppelin with a dash of Beyonce and back again without even batting an eye. Where would I even begin? As a self admitted channel changer and a beat a song to death with the replay button person, this would be challenging to say the least.
Those misty eyes before me are too blinded by the lament of self-blame to realize that the shadow she perceives,
We have a small cabbage, about 17 inches and 2.9 pounds...I can't believe how long she (could possibly be) is! I can't imagine how she may feel, I didn't think I had 17 inches in my short little area!
The kitchen is always the place to start when it comes to upgrades to the home. Even if you can't afford the big expenses like new cabinets or new countertops, upgrading the sink and faucet gives a fresh, new feeling on a low budget. Getting energy efficient faucet is especially appealing as it can reduce water usage by 30%.
Sat 22nd Jan: NCAFC National conference, UCL, 12-6pm
“Our youngest boy is leaving home, apprenticing out to one of his uncles in the Harrow shipyard,” Aurelius began. “He sets sail in a fortnight.”
All things considered I really cannot get too worked up about "the unnecessary delay in our timetable" whether this is due (as we were told three weeks ago) to Government delays or (as we were told today) to the enormous workload of actuaries (and others). As a rule, when the employers or the Government are about to do something like this to us, it's better and more comfortable if they do it more slowly.
The milongas were both busy, bustling and with a lot of good dancers. I started with a few cringy dances (I hadn't danced in such a crowded floor since El Corte in November) but they gradually got better and by the end of tuesday some people were asking me for repeat tandas... I saw a lot of tourists and less locals than I would have wished for. Entries to the milongas have sky-rocketted recently and with entrances of 20 pesos (£4) the locals can't afford it, especially when the future looks grim - the inflation rate in Argentina for this year is predicted to be 35%!
- Welcome Little One (A La Carte)
I prefer the first version, approve of the second, and tolerate the third. And while I agree with Bob Dylan that the Stones without Bill are a funk band, I’ll concede that they’re still the Rolling Stones. Take away Charlie, Keith or Jagger, however, and you’ve got a different band entirely.
Very rarely has this ironic juxtaposition between the siren call of torpor and the ribald call of living been captured than in the following lines of T. Eliot’s Love of J Alfred Prufrock:
You call yourself a Christian? Then pray, REALLY pray, for your President. Pray that he exercises wise leadership. Pray that his heart changes on certain issues–yes, like abortion. Pray, if you don’t like him, for wise leaders to arise to replace him. Pray for your country. But don’t pray for anyone’s death and then dare to call yourself a Christian.
Durability: All seams are sewn. and because it is a pouch sling, there is no “tail” to get tangled while you go about your day. I also like the fact that if it gets stained, it can just be tossed in the washer and dryer, voila! Clean and pretty again!
Why is that so? Let me try and speculate. I am sure no one plans to spill the beans!
effortless ballet through swaths of impermeable ink.
Will 2012 bring justice? Can justice be executed alongside humanity or will something always interfere? What is justice?
Thank goodness he made it outside before throwing up.
(cue Angelic choir and Heavenly light).
I am the result of parents who took a lot of very intentional time to pour into my life. I praise God that is the case because until I was close to high school, when we got Steve as our youth pastor, I had a youth pastor who could have cared less about me.
Annie Turcotte, 21 - materials engineering
I already had turned down an offer at another location to exhibit with a photographer. I have the museum exhibition in December. That is a big exhibition and I was going to "save" my work and energy for that show.
He bursts out the door with a bestial cry and a gallop, chases the offending rodent up to a tree or fence and then secures the perimeter, walking all around the pool and fence lines until he is absolutely sure that the coast is clear.
Forming insurance companies
Before I knew it however, a trip to the supermarket, a cross-Atlantic swap, an online order or two later, this is what I ended up with. These will be tested out and reviewed in time. Do you have a preference for what you want to see first? I might be able to accommodate!
It’s on me.
Neither Kak nor Mad River are essential listening, but are good examples of a Bay Area music scene that was expanding beyond the big names headlining at the Fillmore and Winterland. If you want to hear what it sounded like on the corner of Haight/Ashbury in 1968 these are good choices.
"Is it?"
The dining room was busy but securing a table was effortless (no bookings taken under 8 diners). Presented with the option of a Salt Marsh Lamb, slowly pot roasted for 7 hours, served with Boulangere Potatoes (my mouth is genuinely watering), there was no contest and a quick show of hands confirmed we had the required 4 to manage the dish. Starter was similarly an easy choice. There was no answer other than "yes" when Meister suggested the Foie Gras toastie to share. I rub my hands with glee at the prospect.
My vote, therefore, is that the petitions must be granted in Araneta vs. Dinglasan, G. R. No. L-2044; Araneta vs. Angeles, G. R. No. L-2756 and Guerrero vs. Commissioner of Customs, G. R. No. L-3055, and that judgment must be deferred in Rodriguez vs. El Tesorero de Filipinas, G. R. No. L-3054 and Barredo vs. The Commission on Election, G. R. No. L-3056.
I will probably take a little hiatus from this blog while I try to find my way out of this tunnel. I know how pitiful I sound right now, but I am trying my best to figure out how to be okay again, and hope that I will be back sooner rather than later. I hope that you will wait things out. I promise that as soon as I can find some joy again, I will let you know.
Only heaven knows our destiny
Boob-ache - YES.
So, now as I write I wonder if Mr Pushkin will come back to sleep off his morning stroll in front of the fire. Will I go over to the Oiseval Gallery after my morning meditation? I think I might.
I can't believe another Bank Holiday has been and gone. Bring on June when we get two in a row - thank you Mrs Queen!!
Recently I spoke to a nursing colleague about an incident that took place the other day. They were pulled aside in the morning after working a night shift to speak to their nurse manager who had questioned them about a recent patient complaint of abuse. The nurse manager was not able to provide any details regarding any specific abuse allegations as the patient had not elaborated on any specific level of detail regarding the complaint. When I spoke to the nurse they told me that the patient who was morbidly obese wanted to get out of bed in the ICU to use a commode. This nurse due to her small stature was unable to physically assist the patient so they told the patient that they would offer the,a bedpan. The patient reluctantly was turned on their side to use the device but in the interim had soiled the bed completely. Apparently the patient was upset with this lack of flexibility on the nurse’s part and developed this allegation of abuse which was void of any detail.
Yet the angel is present to tell him that Peter is nearby and to send for him. And Cornelius does so.
OK. So the plot. This electromagnetic pulse happens and it kills some people, or they survive, or they survive then die by turning into weird kinda, but not quite zombie stuff… The story follows this girl called Alex who is hiking through the mountain/ forest when the pulse happens. She is stuck with this girl called Ellie, who, in my opinion is REALLY REALLY ANNOYING… because her grand-dad died (sorry for the spoiler, but had to happen!), and then she meets Tom, who is an ex- army person. And as this is a YA novel, Tom and Alex of course fall for each other… The story is basically about them trying to find out what happened and them trying to find civilisation.
The temperature was perfect for camping. Cool enough in the evening to enjoy the fire, but warm enough for comfortable sleeping. I finally climbed out of my sleeping bag on Saturday morning to a crisp 40 degree morning, but feeling very refreshed and ready for a 10-mile day.
And I have loved you to death
Mallory creates this cool electrical gun that allows him and Louie to escape, unfortunately, the electric waves can't hold back bullets, and Louie gets shot as they exit!
Ladies -
White wine meets beer, a very interesting combination. I have never tried anything like this and was pleasantly surprised. It poured a very nice honey-amber color with almost no head. Smells of honey, champagne grapes and saffron. Imagine mixing a light lager with champagne and this is what you get with Midas Touch. I don't think that I could have had more than just the one, but it was a nice find by my parents. I do enjoy champagne every once and awhile, so this was a nice beer.
We need more of true Christianity.
After Cee Lo we headed to the Kids Tent and the kids were psyched - crafts, room to roam, toys, shade and popcorn. I love this area and will be sorry when I don't have kids as an excuse to head over there and camp out for some decompression time. While we were chilling out in the kids area Catherine caught up with us and we all headed over to the Gentilly stage to check out Feist. The sun was setting, there was plenty of room to sprawl out, Fest was fabulous and the breeze cooled us off. It was a perfect ending to great day.
Mixing 100ml of peppermint oil with equal parts of water, I squirted window frames, gaps in floorboards, across benchtops, under doors, behind bookshelves till the place smelled like a Tic Tac factory.
The sweet citrus and banana/clove taste give this makeshift brew a decent bubblegum flavor. And though the flavors are strong, they are disparate, thought it is a surprisingly decent mix.
As for why Whedon probably didn’t use vampires in the movie, think about it: Didn’t we see enough of them on TV?
Born on June 30, 1963 in Stockholm, Sweden, Yngwie Malmsteen received his first guitar at the age of five from his mother, Rigmor. Originally having no interest in music, a September 18, 1970 TV special on the death of guitarist Jimi Hendrix became the day that the guitar-playing Yngwie was born. Yngwie immersed himself in music and spent long hours practicing the songs of Deep Purple. At the age of 15 Yngwie left school for good and formed the very first incarnation of Rising Force before moving to the United States in 1982 with only his ’71 Strat® and an extra pair of pants. He performed for the first time in the U.S. the very next year and then, after playing on an album by Steeler, he formed Alcatrazz. After it became clear that he would need to go solo to fully develop his talents, Yngwie released his first solo album, Rising Force, in 1981. The album made it to #60 on the Billboard charts and gained Yngwie a GRAMMY nomination for best rock instrumental performance.
Need ? rig and tackle? That is not ? problem either! Most piers h?ve a bait shop where ?ou can b?y a rod and reel, o? they will ?ent you one, and hoo? ?ou up with bait and tackle. They als? h?ve great ?nack shops, ?nd some ?ven have restaurants that will co?k yo?r cat?h for y?u! Now, that is what I c?ll “fresh seafood”!
Justin Martyr was able to use the Bible but what of Paul? The entire answer from verses one to twenty-one was his personal testimony of how the Lord had called him, saved him, and separated him to the gospel of the grace of God. It involved his conversion and his commission as he addressed his defense to the great multitude of Jews assembled there in Jerusalem.
SOCIAL MEDIA OUTLETS:
New Years Eve!
Anna: Why aren't you answering your phone!?!
Cycling through the city reminds me of my father who worked from the age of 14, as a poorly-paid messenger boy there. To work as an artist must have seemed like an impossible dream for the eldest of a large family with very modest means. However did he manage it? Another story to tell...
One time (ten minutes ago), someone emailed me and told me I should personify my site into a steady character with a theme and everything. You know, because apparently there aren’t enough sites which do this already. I took the liberty of posting the email, as promised.
Friday will see the curtain drawn on what might possibly be (up till now) Melbourne’s only regularly held Beer Dinners at The Courthouse restaurant in Berwick. After 6 years and goodness knows how many dinners (at least 8 just this year!) the restaurant has been sold and Prof Pilsner will take his Beer Dinner Show on the road in the near future.
Unable to avoid the general, the pilot skidded to a halt and saluted, “Yes, sir.”
Eventually, I moved into a bigger, better apartment (complete with ladder!) where I stayed for four and a half years (which translates into three different roommates). Having a huge new kitchen encouraged me to cook more often, and having a roommate meant sometimes I didn’t have to cook at all. The added bonus of going halfsies on pizza meant I didn’t have a pie lingering in the fridge, making me feel guilty long after the thought of pepperoni made me want to gag.
When I was able to ask Denny, a retired science professor friend, what it might have been, he said he would bet, just from my description and the situation, that it was a Northern Water Snake, who are fish-eaters and have that kind of pattern on them. I was a-feared it was some sort of exotic pet set loose in the sewer, but he said no, it's local, and quite belligerent. You can't handle one of these, Denny said, without getting bitten; he said they have a sort of "Make my day" attitude. So I'm glad this one was busy with the fish. I thought also that maybe it had died because it was so still, but it was gone the next day, and Denny assured me it was just working on the fish.
The 24 Tribes are located in 14 different states. Many have a variety of trust assets – including land, oil and gas, timber, and other natural resources, as well as trust fund dollars -- that were subject to historical federal mismanagement and for which the government as trustee had never properly accounted. McCoy said that while the tribes had some common issues, “each tribe’s claims are unique,” and it was important to both sides that the negotiations be done “on a government-to-government basis.” “All of our clients have put a lot of work into assessing their claims and options,” she added, “and when decisions are made with favorable results, we are very happy to support them.”
I'm aware that I'm trying to add logic and reason to the Bible here but if I don't then who will?
Last October, over 6 000 cases of diarrhoea were reported in the south towns of Masvingo and Kadoma and children were the worst affected.
Further, an opponent who prepares defenses in one or two areas may potentially leave other critical avenues of approach vulnerable in future encounters.
And then.........(lol like in Dude, where's my car?)
Our epic bar-side battle was fought over the famous, multi award wining St. Austell beer 'Proper Job'.
Phew. Thanks for letting me get that off my chest!
Fifth, I left at exactly 5pm and it took me 35 minutes to go 4.5 miles.
And it is going to be cute.
"This study highlights the increasingly heavy drinking culture in the UK and the lack of understanding, or complete disregard for the potential health and social harms that can result."
Ed. note: This post is full of words that may, as we say in the office, “offend the tender sensibilities” of some. Caveat lector.
PRIVATE PRACTICE looks good for 13 with the tiny caveat that it'll be their final season.
Exactly!
Back to Boddie's Bitter. Could you call it an IPA? It's very pale in colour, like an IPA should be. It's a type of Pale Ale, that's for sure. It's hop-accented. There's another box ticked. And top-fermented. Hang on, it sounds like I could also call it a Kölsch. See how futile style pigeon-holing is?
Free Music Blog: “I urge you to download this album. I was hooked, after just listening to track one.” Read More…
A small gang of teenagers snicker as they disperse rotten tomatoes to their mates, in preparation to bombard the stage.
I hate these emotional crashes, but I can’t stop them.
Thanks to the SWO School Councils and Home & Schools for making me welcome at your meetings. It is valuable to me to hear what’s going on in your schools and communities, and to give you a glimpse of what’s happening at the Halton District School Board board table.
Point being, I'm happy to have a couple of things out of my stitching bag, and to get to move a couple of new projects into the rotation in their places.
Does it dry up
Being an eternal optimist, I figured I could transfer all the papers in those seven bins into the filing cabinet in a hour or so this afternoon.
But of course, yoga practice is beyond the yoga mats and other accessories. It’s more than the sweat that you get. I’m just really glad that I have my mat now. =) And I hope that I can make time to consistently attend yoga classes. (After all I need not to be one of the earliest to reserve a mat that is for everyone’s use! wheeew!)
I hope you found my tips useful. Try not to be put off by the enormity of the task, it may seem daunting at first but once you get used to your manager and how they work it becomes easier to manage their correspondence. How do you manage your boss’ emails? Do you have any other Do’s and Don’ts that you can share?
By the way, remember how Reagan was called a racist who hated black people because black unemployment was so high at the start of his term?
The White House said the deal “provides for the possibility of U.S. forces in Afghanistan after 2014, for the purposes of training Afghan forces and targeting the remnants of al Qaeda.” Congress will help determine futurefunding and troop levels, setting the stage for a potential political battle.
Our conditions will depend on our
Cost: Vendor:
Fair enough. Publicity is publicity.
According to a Los Angeles Times article published in 2004, Rodman listed his monthly expenses then as more than $30,000. Michelle Rodman listed her monthly expenses as $17,000.
And this is what I now get when I sit to write at my computer.
Yeah Yeah Not
Driver : 2.2-1 (1)
There are a number of Old Testament passages modern readers often find disturbing. As someone who deeply loves the bible and the Old Testament, I desperately want everyone to understand it’s message of redemption and grace. So, let’s take a look at one such violent episode. The interpretive principles set forth here will I think apply to most of the passages dealing with unrestricted warfare in the bible.
Can’t wait to hear what you guys think of her, I think shes the funnest one I’ve done so far!
But there was something about this kitten that grabbed at my heart. To this day I'm still not sure what it was, but someting told me I had to try to save this little guy. So I told the doctor to start the IV fluids and do what he could. To help defray some of the cost, I took him home that night instead of paying for an overnight stay in the animal hospital. I put him in a cardboard box and wrapped him up in a blanket. Before I went to bed, I looked at him in the box and he looked back at me. For some silly reason, seeing this cat in a box made me think of Schrodinger's Cat, which refers to a well-known (at least among science geeks like me) scientific paper written by physicist Erwin Schrodinger in 1935. So I decided to name him Schrodinger. I figured he would either be dead or alive in the morning, so the name seemed appropriate (if you don't know what I mean by that, click this link and you can read all about Schrodinger's Cat).
What Cutlass? he asked
So imagine yourself driving down a city street at about 2 mph with repeated stops, often trying not to block intersections when the light is green. Pedestrians at crosswalks are weaving through traffic to cross the roads at the walk signals. The oncoming traffic on the coned side of the road is equally backed-up. Then the car in front of you stops. The left indicator of the car is on showing the driver’s intent to turn into a business driveway on the other side of the street. This is going to take place over a double yellow line, stopping two or three lanes of slow oncoming traffic, including one lane which is coned, and eventually crossing a sidewalk during quitting time. It might also be a little dark and/or near a school zone.
Where was I, Oh yes, the Gothic Capital Monogram digi's. The are all loaded up. At this moment, if you would like to purchase the entire set, I have that loaded as well. You can get it here. You will be getting the entire file, all 26 characters. You will see a price of $56.00 (which is what the set would cost you if you bought each one of them individually) but, if you email me at admin@floppylattedesigns.com, I will send you the coupon for 35% off of the entire set. That brings the cost down to $36.40. Now compared to a rubber stamp collection of the same letters (if there was one) that would be a great deal! Plus these are resuable an unlimited number of times!
The plot was a combination of “Phantom of the Opera”, “Dorian Gray” and relied heavy on the “Faust” theme. Paul Williams, all 4 foot ten inches of him, was miscast as the devil. The scene that barely sticks out in the deepest parts of my memory is...well....I can't remember a fucking thing about it except when we left the theater that night we wished we could go to a rock concert that was like the movie we had just seen.
1. Lack of Clarity
Flexible scheduling availability
To quote the story: "Everyone here is MAD!"
Shortly thereafter, Grimes started touring with Lykke Li and Grimes was now on my radar. However, searching for her music (physically) proved challenging. Even though I still purchase music (YES, I REALLY DO BUY ALL MY OWN MUSIC) I refused to order online and waited to purchase her music at a record store. Luckily, Amy made me a mix CD to hold me over until I was able to find Grimes. As luck would have it, by the time I actually found her debut CD Geidi Primes I managed to purchase her entire catalog including Halfaxa and the recently released Visions, which is why I’m writing this review.
While browsing through her large collection of recipes, I saw this Carrot Kheer recipe and she has mentioned that it is one of her favourites. And since all celebrations have to have a dessert, I made this for her...
I was very curious about this award – wanted to the know the who, what, and why of it. As far as I can tell, there was no organization that started it. It sort of originated out of nowhere and has been getting passed around like a chain letter. I did find this blog, which has some good info and thoughts on this particular “award.”
Once Leif became mobile, we used the Ergo less around the house, but found it essential in our quest to end Leif’s nurse-to-sleep association. Instead of letting him cry and work it out on his own, we gently transitioned him by wearing him down in the Ergo and then gently placing him in bed. He was already used to falling asleep in the carrier, so this was a painless adjustment for all of us and allowed my husband to finally take a more active role in the bedtime routine.
The outside area at the back was still accessible but it was filthy and neglected. Dirty ashtrays filled with old stumps and water from earlier rain sat on the tables. "The Smokers' Area" wasn't a place I wanted to be but we'd already ordered coffee and I haven't sat inside anywhere since July 2007 because I simply don't support discrimination.
I thought of a few more things but I’m hungry and my eyes are sore… Which brings me to another hippy thing.
In the good old days we use to be able to toast our new councillor in the local pub at last orders on election night – that is how it should be!
Five minutes from time Arteta picked up the ball and lashed a sublime effort from 25 yards to beat Joe Hart and give the home side the win. City’s woes were compounded when Mario Balotelli saw a late red for a second bookbable offence.
Gross PA, Hermogenes AW, Sacks HS, Lau J, Levandowski RA. The efficacy of influenza vaccine in elderly persons. A meta-analysis and review of the literature. Ann Intern Med 1995; 123: 518-527.
I mean I am the oldest most experienced writer here I mean after all why else would they. . .
Isaac has seriously enjoyed these eggs so much. He requests them almost every day. At first, he was genuinely surprised when the last egg was empty. But now, when he opens it, he says, "Jesus is not here, He is risen!" And when he opens the egg with the cross, he says, "Jesus died on the cross. Sweet boy.
Just a quick post to say I'm going to be on holiday from now until next Friday evening - I've scheduled daily posts as normal but I won't be about on Twitter and I'll reply to all emails when I get home. Normal service will resume on Saturday/Sunday when I've had a good sleep!
“I can’t imagine a president would tolerate not having a secretary of state, a secretary of defense, a secretary of homeland security, or a secretary of interior,” said Rep. Darrell Issa (R-Calif.), chairman of the oversight committee. “Likewise, tolerating inspector general vacancies at these departments and other agencies hampers oversight and sends the wrong message about what should be an unequivocal commitment to accountable government.”
Melt butter in large saucepan, add onion (and bacon if you want), cook until onion is clear.
Upside?
William is growing so fast he will be 6 months old is a couple of weeks and I can't believe it. Time sure has gone fast since he was born. He is the happiest baby ever! He smiles and giggles all the time. His latest things are grabbing both of his feet when he is laying on the floor and putting both big toes in his mouth. For being a big baby he sure is flexible. He has also learned to roll over, as of right now he can only roll from his stomach to his back. He is very close to going the other direction but his broad shoulders get in the way but I think within the next few weeks he will be rolling all over the place. He is also very close to being able to sit up on his own. He does pretty well but if he leans too far forward he ends up taking a nose dive and ends up on his tummy. Our home is filled with all sort of baby noises from squeals to very high pitched happy screams, to giggling and a few cries. We love it!
Sebastian: I see how you are. LOL. He'll be here for a minute though.
2, Add the carrots, squash and zucchini and season. Cook for about 3 to 4 minutes until soft and hot. Add the black beans, egg, paprika, parsley and oats.
What else has been going on…Oh, yeah, I just about freaked out in the middle of my Personal Wellness class on Friday. I guess I didn’t really think about it until now, but I’ll be learning something that I already learned AGAIN now that we’re on the stress module. Let me count the number of times I’ve gone through stress and it’s effects in a class: 1) 9th grade biology, 2) 9th grade health, 3) Sophomore Health, 4) Psychology junior year, AND 5) AP Psych senior year. So yeah…This is going to be interesting. I had an almost irresistible urge to stand up in the middle of class and yell “FUCK!” and then leave. Or, “Fuck this, I’ve already learned this!” Or to throw something at my prof’s head. Needless to say, I refrained from all of the above three actions, instead smashing my head against the desk several times and yelling over text. The next three weeks are going to be interesting to say the least.
As the old idiom goes, there is nothing new under the sun: all that has been done has already been done. There will always be evil-sounding baroque folk that seems aimless to someone more accustomed to listening to Blink-182 or whatever Pitchfork is currently on board about. But when people lack knowledge and cannot contextualize or step back, you can bet that gems like this will get swept under the rug and given a poorly-labeled reputation that scares away new audiences who might very well love the music at first stream.
New Hope 763-540-0234
Tonight Ben is taking me out to dinner in Tennant Creek. He has promised to buy me some oysters at the local pub. Considering the distance the oysters would have to travel to reach the Tennant Creek Pub, I am highly surprised that they are a speciality there and am questioning their freshness. Tennant Creek is one of the furthest places from the coast in Australia.
How has everyone been? Summer is drawing to a close. Im getting on a plane in the morning. Ive just recently seen a healer and visited the doctor and had a mani/pedicure and am feeling increasingly relaxed and creative. Hopefully this new inspiration and well being lends itself to the blog. Im also watching The Royal Tenenbaums for probably the 5th time this month. Wes Anderson is some sort of genius.
Laurie A. Couture
The exhibition will run for a week, from Friday 20th January to Sunday 29th January.
Source: DPIC, Jan 1. 2012 (currently updating figures)
Your songs are beautifully written with soul – conveying your honest and at times…raw messages.
So whatever happened to Stardust? Thomas Bangalter carried on his ingenious production methods with Daft Punk after turning down a reported $3 million deal to deliver a full Stardust album, stating he couldn’t possibly top MSBWY. Alan Braxe came into his own as a producer and formed a successful collaboration with fellow Frenchman Fred Falke to deliver some of the best original productions and remixes that truly helped define the “French Touch” sound. Benjamin Diamond release a solo album, Strange Attitude and was briefly a member of the short-live group We In Music.
Honesty: Presenting milk before meat and making sure you don’t answer the questions asked but the questions that should have been asked.
27. Josie And The Pussycats
7. Rednecks- Randy Newman
This is my hope. I really think my WIP has a cool premise, and I think it can be amazing if I can just get myself to the point where I'm good enough to write it. And I'm pretty certain I'm not the only one.
a)Do you work here alone in this office?
George Price Boyce (1826-1897)
It's daring, it's bold. Red is this spring's power color, and an obvious choice for Valentine's Day. How to wear it? The key is finding the right shade of red for your skin tone. If you have lighter skin, you can pull of a bright, bold red. Darker skin tones can try deep red shades and also orangey-reds. If you're hesitant for either, look for lighter, pastel shades of red. Pair with nude (not black) accessories to soften the overall look. And since it's V-day, after all, go ahead and rock a bright red lip or nails to match.
The basic premise behind the toys is that the dog is encouraged to use their nose and paws to manipulate moving components to reveal treats. The toys are rated at difficulty levels of 1, 2, and 3, with 1 being the most easy and 3 being the most difficult.
Rogers’ position paper on CISPA said the bill is necessary to deal with threats from China and Russia, and that it “protects privacy by prohibiting the government from requiring private sector entities to provide information.” During today’s floor debate, Rogers repeatedly referred to the need for the Feds to share attack signatures with the private sector — but never addressed the privacy criticisms directly, except to say they were invalid.
One of the main forces behind last weekend’s atheist gathering, the Reason Rally, was the Freedom From Religion Foundation (FFRF), an atheist group headed by husband and wife duo Annie Laurie Gaylor and Dan Barker.
I had an op-ed published at socialistworker.org on the termination of the gas deal between Egypt and Israel. Click here to read the whole thing.
What an amazing life, passionate and full in such a short time.
This blog is about lots of things. It’s about USC football and celebrating how handsome and attractive we all are. It’s sometimes about reality television, especially the kind where people Hunger Games it to compete for the love of someone who will probably dump you publicly. Sometimes it’s about pop culture. Hell, sometimes it’s about the animals I ate and beverages I drank over the weekend. It’s never really been an “anti-UCLA” blog.
Welch's Fruit Snacks .50/1 - expires 1/18/2011
Like him you are: did you not name a tempest,
My addiction is more like a curse!
by Geoffrey James
-Jack Donaghy, 30 Rock (of course quoting Alexander)
I ate the soup anyway. DC and I both thought it was terrific. Two thumbs up! I just need to be sure to get sugar-free broth next time.
This applies to all areas of life and achievement really. Health and fitness are obvious ones to apply this approach to. When you want to create lasting results, and to continually improve on them, it’s the choices you make each day that matter. For example, I have a goal of riding 5000 km next year. That will be 2.5 times what I managed this year. But over the last 6 months I’ve managed to ride with much more consistency so this goal actually only represents a 30% increase on my current performance. The problem this year was that I had several chunks where I didn’t ride at all. I did have good reason for some of the time, but in 2012, I’ll be aiming at keeping those weeks at a minimum. Exercising regularly is also a good way of preventing injury as the body is being maintained in the right condition rather than being shocked by intermittent bursts of activity.
Well, the first solo-release of the Berlin based singer and guitarist Margareth Kammerer (The Magic I.D.) contains five solo-recordings as well as collaborations with Axel Dörner (Die Enttäuschung), Chris Abrahams (The Necks) and Yoshida Tatsuya (Ruins).
Week 11: BYE
That’s the deal. It’s what you asked for, so you pretty much have to take it, now, don’t you?
Everyone around me seems to have these stupid expectations and stigmas of me lately. All because of my slowly growing Steam Library. Everyone seems to think that I have an issue with my gaming habits since I quit World of Warcraft, hell everyone thinks I'll go back to WoW sooner or later which annoys me even more. I left months ago yet I still get asked when I'm going to stop my break. It's not a break it's permanent, I'm not wasting any more money or energy with Blizzard or any other MMO for a very long time. Yet people think that I'll just fall back into some addiction like a junkie. So far, I'm the only one besides Dreamer among our group that has quit and has never gone back yet. Dreamer Barely even counts in that spectrum anyway since he never got past level 45, I don't care what he says there's a difference between quiting at that level and quit at max level with full gear as a guild leader with another 85 nonetheless.
I remember the day clearly. My son was 18 months old and picking through the toys in the toy box we kept in the living room. My daughter was just a few weeks old and I sat on the couch nursing her. I was watching General Hospital because I was bored. The boredom that a stay-at-home mother feels on occasion should not be underestimated. I loved my kids more than I can possibly explain, but day after day of rhymes, fingerplays and working on easy puzzles can grow old quick! Even though General Hospital wasn't really taking away the boredom, at least the adults on the screen were speaking in full sentence and that was definitely something!
The Magnolia image was painted using a water brush with distress inks. The colours I used are Tea Dye and Tattered Rose for the skin; Antique Linen, Walnut Stain and Vintage Photo for the hair; Dusty Concord and Victorian Velvet for the dress; Mustard Seed and Peeled Paint for the flower; Frayed Burlap for the shoes; Victorian Velvet for the socks; and Pumice Stone for the flower's tag.attached to the tag using Stampin' Dimensionals by Stampin' Up!
(I will take a small pause outside of my usual KFD banter here....honestly, I can't find anything funny or witty to say about this incident because two weeks later it STILL angers me to the core and brings me to near tears to think about that night as I cannot imagine ANY situation whatsoever that I would NOT let a woman in labor take a taxi at night during a snowstorm....none. The fact that I found TWO sets of people within minutes of each other who had no problems doing this makes it really hard for me not to question the quality of people in this area or make huge generalizations about Parisians. I will try and do neither but suffice it to say, we are moving to Montreuil in February and no one could be happier to say au revoir to tourist central Paris than me). OK back to it....
Actually they do have a ‘replace’ plan. They call it ‘options’. Most of us would call it being handed the phone book turned to the ‘I’s’. Pick and insurnace company.
So like I said, the song isn’t finished yet. It keeps shifting and crawling forwards, saying that it isn’t quite ready. I’ve made peace with that for now I think, just like when I thought that I might not get it finished in time for the week’s deadline. I threw my hands in the air – you can only work so hard on something without burning yourself out. Falling asleep in a pile of song sheets and a instruments makes me think I’m doing ok-ish at holding up my end.
These Early Readers are great for kids who haven't been reading long, and there is a good varied selection available. The last Vivian French one I read was lovely and this looks like another sweet, fun story.
Announcing the news, joint administrator Geoff Rowley at FRP Advisory said the administrators will ”be conducting an urgent assessment of all stores and concessions and look to communicate to staff and suppliers at the very earliest opportunity.“
More than hills to ski
At some point I'm going to have to deal with it, and I do not for the life of me know how to begin. It's not necessarily the easiest story to tell. Perhaps a cup of coffee might make it easier.
This week we are promoting our line of Custom Dog Return Address Stamps that are available for ALL BREEDS! From now until Sunday, February 28th, we are offering 25% off any stamp in our Dog Lover collection. These make great gifts for those "hard to buy for" dog lovers!!
It has struck a chord with a lot of people and in pamphlet form, I’m happy to say, has so far raised over £1,500 for the Alzheimer’s Society. And it was on Radio 4′s Woman’s Hour on Mother’s Day. That meant a lot to me.
No? Me neither.
My favourite colour. Blue. Sky blue, navy blue, baby blue, royal blue, cobalt, aqua and all other tones of blue. It’s no wonder why I seem to take so many photos of the ocean and sky!
Conversations about performance issues are often difficult discussions for the manager and the employee. Yet a good conversation about performance can not only enhance productivity, but can also create a deeper bond between you and your employees. To manage a good conversation, consider the following:
going to “get back” at how her former in laws treated
3. Using a pastry cutter, two knives or your fingers (I use my fingers), cut in the butter. (The book uses a food processor, but I like to make scones by hand...less to clean up!)
And what do we have to thank
I learned a lot sewing this too. I can't do counted cross stitch when there are people in the room I am trying to talk to, because I can't count to save my life. I don't think there are any I have done thus far that I spent more time ripping out.
over medium heat. Add rice and stir to ensure that all grains of rice are coated in butter. Add wine and stir until it has been absorbed. Add a ½ cup of broth to the rice, stir it, and only add another ½ cup once the rice has absorbed most of the first addition. Repeat this process, stirring frequently, until the rice is tender.
Ascend just like a vast balloon…
NCAI And NABA Organizing Meeting
Another disaster struck as Cayce’s wife Gertrude Evans also fell ill and steadily worsened. The doctors told Cayce behind Gertrude’s back that she was afflicted with tuberculosis and was dying. In those days, there was no cure for tuberculosis. This time Cayce gave a reading for his wife. “Sleeping” Cayce came up with a compound prescription and asked the medication to be mixed with apple brandy and put in a charred oak keg. The doctors thought that such treatments were useless. However, two days after taking the drug, Gertrude’s fever diminished. Several months later she had completely recovered.
So, according to "my sources", you lay out some painter's plastic and your fabric base (here a silk scarf)......
on the Violence of Trafficking and HIV/ AIDS
Jock took the NCAA final through the first lap under 50.00. If he wants to make this team he will have to do the same to try to take the sting out of the kickers – something I expect he will do. Wheating, however, will move much sooner than traditional kickers, and won’t let Jock get too far away. The final 200 meters will have more action than the final lap of the Indianapolis 500, as Jock does his best to hold off the rush of first Wheating then Symmonds, then Andrews.
We are how we feel.
At the end of every season in club football, the best teams in their respective leagues come to the spotlight by playing in club football’s elite competition. The UEFA Champions League.
Print-on-demand is an appealing income stream for artists because you can get started as soon as you want – you don’t have to wait for an agency to represent you. Once you design the products, the income from sales is truly passive.
I've wanted to do this all year, but have yet to find the actual time and ambition to make it happen... However, because I'm so utterly excited about our 9th theme in UPK this year, I'm determined to get it done!
I had heard about the restaurant the day before from some friends who attended their soft opening. When I saw the words beer, sandwiches and oysters, I hijacked already existing plans with my friend Vince and dragged him here instead of Cafe Chloe for their first Friday lunch. TT uses the same ordering system as Blind Lady Ale House, the other restaurant owned by this group of friends (two couples, actually.) You walk up to the counter, place your order and get a number to take to a table. The room has a classic "beer hall" layout, with two rows of long picnic tables with attached benches running the length of the room. Much of the food is cooked in a large wood-burning oven that dominates the kitchen area. (I don't know about you but I'm drawn to a wood-burning oven like a moth to a flame.) Like BLAH, TT offers a wide and ever-changing selection of beers. Since it was a work day, we didn't really indulge... much... but you'll find a great selection of local and artisanal brews to satisfy your thirst.
I told him not to bother calling me. He sent me messages… On Facebook.. Texts.. A lot of the times I was so busy doing chores and cooking and what not (Maids not in so, gotta do everything) Mum told me to make dinner so I figure pasta and a sauce. The clincher though was that there was no pasta at home. So I ran out to get some.. When I came home and checked my cellphone, there were about 5 missed calls from him. I wasn’t mad… not anymore. and then he sent this sweet message saying he was sorry for being a tool in general and ended it with those 3 words “I Love You”.
After sending his son to school wearing a wire, Stuart Chaifetz found out that his son, Akian, was being bullied …When his 10-year-old son, Akian, started getting into trouble at school, Stuart Chaifetz was stunned. The notes from Horace Mann Elementary School in Cherry Hill, N.J., said that Akian, who has autism, was having violent outbursts and hitting his teacher and his aide – behavior that the boy had never exhibited before.
And lastly, you were the one to share my sadness; the one who cried with me in that cereal aisle. Camren was just six weeks old, and I was overwhelmed and exhausted. I confided in you that I didn't know how to juggle being a mother to two small children. It was busy, hard work, and I didn't think I could do it well. I felt alone. We cried, embraced beside our carts, and scared many of the (wide-eyed) shoppers who had come to the store that day! I will never forget what you told me. You looked me in the eye and poignantly said, "Things are going to get better. You are an incredible mother, and I know you can do this. You can. You were born to do this. I love you and I will be praying for you."
Recently the kids and I worked through winter break for the schools. This wasn't a big sacrifice on our part as every time we did venture out during that week, we were confronted by long lines. Our precious library time was marred by noisy kids on school vacation. My kids were puzzled by exactly why the school kids were on break again so soon after their week long vacation at Christmas.
One of the friends I had to break the news to asked me, “Are you planning on doing anything horrible/awful?”
A variety of foot apparel, e.g. stockings, socks, etc., had been affixed onto and around the chimney in said House in the hope and/or belief that St. Nicholas a/k/a/ Santa Claus (hereinafter referred to as "Claus") would arrive at sometime thereafter.
As I ride the motorway to my destination, I muse on how long it has been since I have been called to a job. Sure, I have been woken; on one occasion I even got to the car and started driving. But, an actual job - well, many weeks. And then I start to wonder quite how I will manage this one. Will this job be the one where I find myself unable to make the right decision, where someone's life depends on me, and I get it wrong?
There are so many poems, plays and novels whose themes are the fleeting nature of youth, beauty or life itself. But not much creative literature about the permanence of art or music or literature itself. And even less about how they struck their first viewers, listeners or readers. I wanted to examine what it would have been like to see David for the first time – or even while it was being made.
taking deep cleansing breaths,
A Hen in the Wardrobe is quite simply a delightful book - it's fun, charming, subtly educational and touching. There are mysteries to be solved and problems to overcome but Wendy Meddour handles the subject with a light and humorous touch. There's a real sense of a warm-hearted familiarity that made this reader wonder if the author had been inspired by experience in real life.
I finished up all my Bee Baskets for May Day, and I will fill them with Fruit Roll Ups and Skittles for the little ones.
Tate...well...each week is hit or miss. Some weeks he wants to play and others he doesn't. I think it is just part of being 3. It is just about the cutest thing to watch him run and get a goal. He isn't as crazy about all the cheering and recognition.
Since Alli and I read many of the same blogs: I can only list a few blogs that she didn't list herself. As well, I don't read a lot of blogs, but enjoy staying with the same ones day in and day out. I feel like these are my friends even though we have never met.
EDIT: Others I just noticed: Samuel Adams Winter Lager, and the Samuel Adams Winter Classics Mix Pack, a 12-pack containing two bottles each of: Boston Lager, Old Fezziwig Ale, Winter Lager, Holiday Porter, Black Lager, and Cranberry Lambic. I was hoping to make it out of the Hancock HEB without spending any money, but I fell for the mix pack.
Every so often a day occurs that approaches perfection. There is no clue as to how the day will pan out when you awake. Often the day can start off a bit of a bummer. No milk for my Coco Pops or tea, so it’s toast and black coffee. When you get to work you realise it’s the same routine. Then something magical occurs. A box arrived. Written on the box was the legend “historical ales of Scotland”. The wonderful people of Williams Bros brewery in Alloa, Scotland has sent me a box of beer, free, gratis for nowt. For no other reason than they appear to like this tosh. In the magical box were 9 bottles of beer, a glass & a T-Shirt. Lovely beer, a glass to neck it from and a T-Shirt from a micro brewery that will enable me (if I combined with sandals & a few days of stubble) to look like a beer geek. Wahay. Now I’ve got a beer T-Shirt I can go on a beer bloggers twissup and look the part.
Avon Super Shock Mascara - black (lower lashes)
Finally, of all the cards Night Owl sent me, I am choosing to highlight the funniest:
The paper is 11 pages long, and it is helpful for those of you looking for some good discussion of one of the issues in the area of philosophy of mind.
The other side of being "flying fit" involves more of what I've mentioned as personal goals in the past...having a high physical & mental level of 'fitness' to be focused and stay in the air for a longer time. I think this side has really taken a back seat with all the tandems I've been flying this summer, but that's ok. It just means I'm going to have to "train harder" next time I go for a solo flight and want to fly XC again.
Until I started thinking about it. The clues have been laid out in front of my eyes, and I just ignored them. Things like not liking the telephone (it's still evil!). Needing my personal space. Not liking hugs from people I don't know well (no touchy!). Feeling extremely awkward at social functions unless a close friend is there to anchor me.
I used flannel I had left over and some old t-shirts I had hanging around.
If I had thrown in the towel I would've missed out on this! And THIS is what I dreamed of as a little girl.
I offer myself up
The girls were surrounded by the infamous yellow crime scene tape in order to emphasize that human trafficking is a CRIME. It is a crime against humanity and all that is just.
No Mom, I'm not bringing home two cats at the end of my service... I was catsitting for my friend Val who was touring her friends from the States around Ukraine. Жарт (Pronounced "Jart" English for Joke) and Marley "Moo" were the perfect pair to spend the last days of freedom with!
This night always exposes parts of the ‘storyline’ the Stars want you to follow. For example, Sherry Shepherd is the dutiful, beaming proud mother. Her story was probably one of the most heartfelt of the night, talking about her baby being born with serious health complications. We heard about Melissa Gilberts ‘back problems’. We heard about Urkels struggle to break form his Urkel character (what a first world problem…) We heard about Maria’s hardworking parents and her obsession with Madonna that gave her ‘the dream’. We heard about Gavins ever-loving parents who have supported him even when NO ONE else did.
You and I cannot remain silent when women are demeaned and degraded for financial gain and children exposed to harmful sexually explicit content on national free-to-air television. If E-TV does not respond to our demands, you and I and every Christian citizen in South Africa must commit to a nationwide switch-off of E-TV and a targeted boycott of their sponsors.
You’ve never felt foreboding like it. Any student of horror will tell you that there’s nothing more horrible than what only exists in the audience’ mind. Pathologic has you building up your own unthinkable mental picture of what takes place inside these buildings for almost the whole game.
He holds her. She sniffles.
Tilapia with Endive, Pears and Meyer Lemon
I never even complained when you cunts sold me a dried out rubber chicken carcass from under the counter one night , but you have got me riled now .........
I asked, “No divorce?”
There are lots of things that I'm going to be really sorry to leave behind but after my spell of melancholy yesterday, some pep talks from friends and an I Ching reading from my Granny over lunch (!) I've rediscovered that feeling of excitement and anticipation about what lies ahead.
Because it trades like a stock, an ETF does not have its net asset value (NAV) calculated every day like a mutual fund does.
I really hope that you'll join us this week, I'd love to see what you create.
Drew stood at the front door of the school entrance waiting with the hall monitor for Jim. I am sure for a little guy the wait seemed to be forever. As Drew waited with the hall monitor, the monitor asked Drew; “what does your dad look like?” Drew began to describe Jim. He described Jim as being so tall, that he had black hair with white stuff in it and poke-a-dots(Jim’s 5:00 shadow that takes place at noon) all over his face. Of course, the monitor recognized Jim the minute Jim walked through the door.
This way I not only feel that I get much more use out of my products, but it also pushes me to try some new looks once in a while. The result can be seen below - I did a one-eyeshadow smokey eye using a beautiful blue/grey from Sleek's Oh So Special palette. To be honest, I still can't quite decide whether it brings out my eye color more or I just look like someone punched me in the face, but it is fun to shake things up a bit sometimes.
decided to burn say a bible no let's make it a truck load would those
I don’t need a single thing to change to find relief and feel good. I just desire to feel AWESOME and know that what I truly desire will be mine.
It might be self-perpetuating but I think there are fewer long term campaigns being produced because there are fewer long term campaigns making it on air.
We played all the new material. Hard Copy and Burn! Burn! Burn! seemed to go down very well.
The Oribital Comics even, coinciding with Free Comic Book Day, will be the first event to implement this sceheme, but Andrew is hoping other comic creators will take up the challenge to raise money.
~Robert Graves
i absolutely LOVE her gorgeous palette and design. i love that you could use this design over and over with the gorgeous patterns in all of the MME lines, with MME scraps or the brand new MME Indie Chic Designer tape.
A reading which does not transform is a common thing in these days. The common course of education is for one to read and gain knowledge sufficient to pass a test, but not sufficient to change one’s life. Indeed, current education aims more at scores than virtue. As Christians, we must read with the aim to living in accordance with the rules of our King. Even the words of profane unbeliever can be turned into profit for us by demonstrating to us the folly of this world.
Due to the fear of swelling, Chloe's orthopedic surgeon kept a splint on her rather than a cast for the first 9 days, which meant no school. Since we didn't know how long she would be out of school, we signed up for homeschooling and her teacher (who just happens to live across the street) came over every day to teach her what she missed in class.
It's kinda what she does.........
13. Chinese Privet Bushes in front.
I admit it: it’s exhausting and a bit messy and you need a small army of catechists and sponsors, but it’s totally worth it. We have definitely seen the difference in the ‘quality’ of the conversions. What does it mean right now? Right now, we have three different RCIA strands: the neophytes and newly received who are in their period of Mystagogy; those still in the Catechumenate who were not yet ready to be baptised or received at Easter; those who are coming to the end of the Precatechumenate and ready to begin their year-long Catechumenate. Sound like a lot of juggling? It is. Thankfully, we have a lot of catechists to call on to take on various sessions.
Save $0.50 on Cascade Rinse Aid
I am really sick of the pain dealing with the PF: the pain, the sensible shoes and wish I didn't have to stretch out daily, BUT I DO. This past weekend I decided once again NOT to run, but I did make sure I did my stretching 3 times during the day.
Alright so in continuation to my last post on the Hyderabad trip, I am writing this. After going to Golconda fort, I wanted to see the char Minar and Nizam’s palace. Therefore I set forth in an autorikshaw( This was the next day ofcourse). Though I must warn fellow travelers that they charge ridiculous amount until unless you are willing to bargain with them.
03 Two Badcard - Sergio Mendez Part 1 (5:48)
3) They do CORI checks (background checks) but don’t worry. Unless you killed someone you are probably fine.
Point Loma Lighthouse by Stitchworks - a gift from my BFF
Florals Embellished
We have had plenty of time in the rehearsal room together as a band but it’s a bit different to finding your place on the stage so we have worked out some choreographed dance moves for the live environment. We have enlisted Madonnas dance expert to teach us a few new moves. On a more serious note we are gonna be 100% focused and just release all our energy on our time on stage!
NONE of the pictures were of the 200,000 or more pro-life demonstrators. Hundreds of thousands vs. tens and not a single shot of the March For Life itself -- not exactly unbiased reporting.
In a lot of ways, this one is kind of like Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows in the sense that now that the stakes have been laid, it's time for the characters to kick major butt and drive the enemy away. And I don't easily compare books to Harry Potter, so this is a pretty big deal!
So I just took it easy, which doesn’t mean it was an easy workout. I got in a good workout but I didn’t push myself. My goal of the workout was to get my heart rate up (check) and stretch out my muscles (check) all in an attempt to help my body prepare for tomorrow’s 11 MILE TEMPO RUN AT 5 IN THE MORNING (Check, I think. I guess I’ll know tomorrow).
Tell them I told you not to.......:)
It highlights for me several inter-linked space / storage matters.
the drapes close again
(Side note: Tintin traveled to Southeast Asia, with mention of Singapore and Jakarta in the book “Flight 714 to Sydney.”)
and the answer is for government to not exist
5 ounces baby spinach
Heber C. Kimball, a mason himself in the 1800s, confirmed this when he said, "We have the true Masonry. The Masonry of today is received from the apostasy which took place in the days of Solomon, and David. They have now and then a thing that is correct, but we have the real thing." -- Manuscript History of Brigham Young, 13 November, 1858, 1085, LDS archives; see also Stanley B. Kimball, "Heber C. Kimball and Family, The Nauvoo Years, BrighamYoung University Studies 15 (Summer 1975): 458.
I don’t want to ask. I don’t know where I can go. My life has installed itself right here while I wasn’t looking. I can’t go back out there, I can’t leave this. Oh, God, I don’t know what to do. I know this is selfish…but I pray he’ll never ask me to leave. I’m seated on his left hand at a feast. What an honor. I do not deserve it. He is so kind. He looks happy.
The Terrorizing Toilet (who lives in the Forrest of Farts)
Computerising a system is all well and good but a human eye or two is much more valuable when you are running an emergency service I think. I spent an entire shift out in my area, listening to sirens around me and wondering why I was being ignored. It was obviously busy but I hadn’t been given a single incident to deal with.
Michael also overcame that obstacle. By the end of the show he'd lost 100 pounds and was healthier than he'd been in a long time. I commend him for having the willpower to stick by his plan. I am going to do the same and stick with mine!
As a friend of PearlGirls, we would like to invite you to come with us this May at a discounted price. The trip is priced at $3,450 but we offer it to you for $3000. After you pay the deposit on-line, we will send an invoice for the remaining amount and at that time please mention "pearlgirls" for the discount. There are only a few spots left so be sure to book now! You can contact Sarah at sarah@travelersgiftvacations.com for more information.
There is much power in prayer when we join together, united in heart and purpose. He has spoken the promise that He hears the prayers of the people who come together and present their prayers before Him; and that as we ask, it will be done by our Heavenly Father.
There are times when change—moving to a new city or a new home, or changing careers—is the right thing at the right time. But there are also times when the urge for change is really just a desire to run away from problems that need to be faced rather than avoided. These are the kinds of problems that recur in our lives. For example, issues with coworkers that seem to arise at every job we take, or repeatedly getting into unhealthy relationships. A move might temporarily distract us, and even cure the problem for a time, simply by taking us out of the situation in which the problem fully manifested itself. However, the problem will eventually appear again in our new situation.
I haven't made a concrete plan yet. It will be a busy week. I'm preparing for my daughter's 7th birthday party and some out-of-town company. So, instead of daily meals and a grocery list, this week I have provided the links to some of my family's favorite squash recipes.
Critics, including conservative commentator Michelle Malkin, complained that the scarf wrapped around her looked like a kaffiyeh, the traditional Arab headdress. Critics who fueled online complaints about the ad in blogs say such scarves have come to symbolize Muslim extremism and terrorism.
Just sayin'!
Northcom officials were forced to subsequently issue a denial after the Army Times initially reported that the troops would be used to deal “with civil unrest and crowd control.”
In Solidarity,
You probably don’t have the next Yelp on your hands, but you might have a killer idea, with no clue where to get started. But Apple wants to help you out. A new patent reveals that it could be cooking up an authoring tool that would let you build iOS apps, even if you don’t know code.
P.K. Subban, Defenseman, Montreal Canadiens – Speaking of hockey players that opposing fan bases love to hate, Subban has earned quite the reputation of loathe among fans of the Canadiens’ fiercest rivals. He broke into the NHL with the Canadiens in February of 2010 and has only gotten better as he has gained experience. His personality is what makes Canadien fans love him and opposing teams hate him. He’s rough and loud on the ice and his celebrations, such as his trademark arrrow show, make him one of the most hated men on the ice. He’s a productive player too. He scored 14 goals and had 24 assists in his first full season in the NFL last season. He also added 2 points and 2 assists in his first NHL post-season action in the first round series against the Bruins. On March 20, 2011 Subban became the first rookie defenseman in Canadien history to have a hat trick in a game. Subban has only scored 2 goals so far during the 2011 season but has already recorded 12 assists in 35 games. He’s the stabilizing force in the back end of the Canadiens’ defense and at only 22 years old looks to be an integral part of the Canadiens success for a long time.
After seeing two woman sexually abusing this dog, this verse from the Bible makes perfectly sense:
My life didn’t stop just because I decided to start this new project, and I never expected it to. I really believe that once I find a balance, I will be able to enjoy all the parts of my life, without stressing out so much.
We talk nowadays of long, old, particularly northern, tales as Sagas. But in some quarters it is believed that this word saga was once the feminine of the word sage and that the written sagas of Scandinavia were originally sacred histories kept by female sagas or ‘sayers'. Thus storytelling and wisdom-keeping were entwined in one person: 'She who Speaks' ~ the Oracular Priestess. Her appearance in orally passed down fairy tales seems to stress the importance of story for gaining and nurturing wisdom.
SO WHY DO THEY HATE US? Sex, or more precisely hymens, explains much.
Pic: BBC
Step 8: From the Recovery menu, select install zip from sdcard, then select choose zip from sdcard. After that, select the ROM file.
And you think I’m joking…
-712…
One sec... Let me think, last night when I was going to the bed I had a severe pain in my chest; but I don’t remember anything after that, I think I had a sound sleep.
They may try to nourish, externalise
There's noing like a question to motivate! It's been a busy summer...running into fall... Of self discovery and personal growth. Coming along nicely, with plans for teaching in 2012 forming (look for email news if you are on my teaching email list, or contact me to be added).
So far, I haven't done too much reading on it. I immediately jumped on Facebook, of course. I player with some of the apps and watched a lotof Netflix. I did open up a couple of books out of curiosity. The view is just as crisp and clear as holding a physical book in your hands, if not a little clearer. Colors obviously show up and look great. So far, everything pretty much seems to navigate quite similarly to my Droid. There is still a little bit of a learning curve to be had, tough, which is typical any time you are dealing with new technology. I know I am going to like having the Touch, as well, as the glare from overhead lights and sun can be a bit of an issue with the Fire. I will keep perusing it and keep you posted on what I discover!
I think there is. During over twenty year research of hado measuring and water crystal photographic technology, I have been witnessing that water can turn positive when it receives pure vibration of human prayer no matter how far away it is.
TWO?!!!! Don't you let people know, I mean, wasn't there any announcement?
I think of summer and feel my heart growing lighter.
Statistics tell us that we see 350,000 advertisements by the time we graduate from high school. How this influences our attitudes is avidly discussed and researched by social scientists. One thing is for sure: advertisements do indeed influence the choices we make when purchasing something. Their influence is tricky to deal with, however, because they affect us subliminally. We often see features of superficially beautiful or “desirable” models, so it comes as no surprise that sexual imagery is used to sell products. This type of portrayal also contributes to gender stereotypes, though. We tend to think that everything we see in the media is the norm, and that is true sometimes. However, there are some people in this world who are offended, because they cannot express themselves fully. People who are gay, lesbian, or trans-gender are currently being oppressed all over the world because of the society’s outlook. That is why people keep trying to raise awareness about the problematic gender representation that exists in our society.
2. Friends
“There are no backdoors in Australia to creep out as you must take everything as it comes when you get here.”[i]
Also, since I'm an indecisive git and can't actually keep one layout for any longer than three months, I've given the blog a layout and title makeover. Thoughts? Opinions? I'm all ears for those too.
Sat 14 April 2012
Next, I tried the customer's number. For whatever reason, the call didn't work, not even diverting to voicemail. Damn. Nothing for it but to call The Boss.
Dr Meier and her team of collaborators found that, although the virus was not actively spreading, it was releasing a chemical message into areas of the brain nearby. This chemical message - made up of small RNA molecules - was activating the body’s immune system, causing inflammation. This damages nerve cells in the brain and causes MS symptoms.
1. Philadelphia Eagles
One thing you could do, is create a TrueCrypt virtual disk on your computer and copy your photos and portable apps (Firefox, Chrome, etc) to it. TrueCrypt needs to be running in order to open those, so even if someone gets hold of the file, they can't do anything with it. Likewise, you can make a copy of that to a USB memory stick for safe keeping.
I called Chuck’s mother. Could she come? Yes, but not until 11:30 am. She’s a quasi-retired nurse who is still trying to get off her night shift hours. Before 11:30 am she’s a zombie. She swore she’d remember to bring the booster seat so she could pick up Junior at nursery school.
straight twill
Chichen Itza
Your own wages/earnings depend entirely on other Americans having jobs. You get a raise if enough other Americans are earning good money.
In the course of the last few years, several Global Research authors have received awards for their writings.
The makeup colour artists who have attended accredited online colleges for cosmetology have been busy creating new colours. Now, I do love fall/winter collections with their deep saturated tones, but I also really love the fresh, clean colours that emerge for spring. Really though, who am I kidding? There really aren't many colours I don't love.
As with all SoulCollage® cards, there are many creative ways to use aromatic cards to assist in your life’s journey. One of my favorite methods is to normal my morning by asking the cards to show me which oil I need for that day. I draw one card and then set it out next to a bottle of the corresponding oil. I’ll diffuse the oil in the air, make a room spray, or simply put a drop on a tissue and stick it in my pocket; all these methods strengthen my bond with the oil. In my massage practice, I might have a client choose a card or two and make a blend for their session. Sometimes I’ll turn to my aromatic cards for guidance in solving a problem Before pulling a card, I might ask “Which oil will help me with…?” or “Which oil has some wisdom to shed on this issue…?” After I draw the card, I consider the energetic qualities of the oil, the chakra with which it has an affinity, or how it might help my body or mind. I’m amazed at how often the perfect essential oil shows up.
let me be the bitter black coffee
But the real problem with D Publishing is its contract, which authors must sign if they want access to an ISBN and what limited distribution Dymocks offers (you can also use D Publishing as a formatter or a printer, in which case the contract isn't required).
- Cast Charred Green Asparagus, Wilted Onions, Butternut Hollandaise
– a culture thriving in her unwashed cup
Jake the Alligator Man is an alleged half-man, half-alligator on display in apparently mummified condition at Marsh's Free Museum, a tourist trap in Long Beach, Washington. He was acquired by the Marshes for $750 in 1967 from an antique store.
As inspiration for your cocktail party moodboard, I had to show you these fantastic invitations from their designer series. Your guests are sure to love these original invites. Whether your theme is elegant and sophisticated, colorful, or with a little bit of urban edge, Pingg has it all.
Eclectic
Speaking of the Quell… I only half-bought that plot device. It seemed far too convenient. Far too dramatic and truly a “must top myself” moment. I went with it, but spent the entire time rolling my eyes at the device. It seemed counter-intuitive to the Capitol’s goals to suppress and silence all rumblings of rebellion in the Districts, and I think that is what bothered me most: it handed the Districts a reason to fight, ever so conveniently. On the flip-side, the sequence didn’t drone on and on about Katniss kissing Peeta and BS’ing a relationship, and focused more on actual action and strategy, so that was a huge plus this time around. I also liked the other contestants far more, given my ability to get to know most of them via the narrative.
Today's recipe is how to stir fry plain rice cakes. I normally buy the semi dried vacuum pack, see this post, mainly because I didn't have good experience with dried sticks before. When I was in London few weeks ago I bought several packets of the dried sticks determine to have a go again. Cook it couple of times now and I LOVE it. Will keep this as cupboard staple from now. The vacuum pack does not keep for very long in the cupboard it will go mouldy, yuk! Dried sticks are more handy will keep up to a year and I can use as much as I like unlike the vacuum pack which will go bad quickly once opened.
Berry Amore shows up more like a pinky coral on my skin which I love but I think the name can be a little deceiving.
Never shy of speaking his mind, he worries that too many of today’s compositions sound “constructed not composed”. The past is important, but why be enslaved by it? “Musicians have to work their audience,” he told me. “Just like in rock and roll. They’re not living in an ivory tower.” Does that mean a pursuit of the lowest common denominator, Kenny G with a Bavarian accent? Not at all, as ACT’s 20th anniversary tour demonstrated. While there may have been Arctic conditions on the streets outside the venues on the Jubilee Concert tour, musical director Nils Landgren set about creating a piping-hot summation of the label’s history, performed by the members of the ACT Family Band.
GO FXXX A Goat!
(Head slap, then sigh) Isn't any of the Big Six reading my damn blog?
Seriously new trendy taco place, I really want to like you! Like all TJ fans, I love tacos indiscriminately, from the barrios of East Austin to the fondas of San Miguel or Westlake even! Anyways, so yeah, please help me, help you! Think of us taco eaters and what makes us happy and less about yourselves and your self-imposed coolness factor. Got it? Good. Moving on...
Thanks so much for stopping by my blog today, it means so much!
This is a quick easy recipe of a veggie puffed pie which is crispy,crunchy,spicy and yummy.........Its the best finger food.Good for party time....a easy holiday food.I assure you friends you will not be disappointed.....It give the same taste as a deep fried dish.The same way you can prepare smaosa's also.SO this will be a best way to eat the same tasty food without deep fry.
One of my all-time favorite books is The Third Eye by Lois Duncan. I’ve read this book at least half a dozen times since I first read it in high school. Funnily enough, I haven’t read any of Duncan’s better known books, like Stranger with My Face, I Know What You Did Last Summer, and Killing Mr. Griffin.
Are you thinking this right now? I know how you feel, because I felt the same way. I thought once I gave my life to Christ all my problems, troubles and worries would “instantly disappear”. I believed life would be “a bed of roses” and I could just cruise down “easy street”. Why did I think this? Because I was still a “baby Christian”. God never promised our life would be easy. Jesus did not have an easy life on this earth, so why do we think we are different?
I am reminded of Kimba's birth mother by this halfwit cat. She used to live in a very tiny bedsit on India Street off Botanic. As her quarters were so small she couldn't have what she wanted most in the world, which was a 'Cute little Puddy Cath' as she put it, irritatingly, with fake lisp and all...So she went and bought this robot cat outta Argos, some child's thing, what did a few tricks. One trick was it could respond to this trinket-y mouse shaped lazer pen thingy by following it with its eyes very slowly when you shone it on the wall. It moved its head like an elderly woman with arthritis in her neck and its miaows sounded like the wails of those abandoned Romanian orphans you see on the news every so often. She finally got sick of it and took it apart, hanging its head and other bits of it from her Christmas Tree one year.
The shopping list:
Kim's women are endlessly stubborn and resigned, and they tend to stay that way throughout his narratives. His men are always looking for ways to "purify" them, to return them to a state of total submission. Note Yeong-ki's murder and subsequent burial of his daughter by a lake; it is there, in the tranquility of nature (itself a stand-in for regressive purity), that he can finally cease to worry about her threatening his control. Granted, the scene is "only a dream", but it seems a dream that Kim is waiting for to bleed into reality. In fact, the whole film is a dream, a dream of how Kim wants his society to be, with teenage girls always naked and homoerotic in their private time, men always searching for a quick way to assert their power, and families always disillusioned and criminalized without the grip of a father. Sure, he may disapprove of prostitution, but he is fond of a quieter, more invisible form of masculine domination. The simplest offense of all - and the area where Kim has been able to trick the international art cinema crowd - is that he's a clumsy, pedestrian filmmaker, cutting when he doesn't need to cut, punctuating when he doesn't need to punctuate, and aiming for emotions that miss the mark. If the audience is supposed to feel empathy when Yeong-ki's stuffs his face with sushi and subsequently throws it up to the tune of a sappy piano melody, something is severely off-kilter.
Such scenarios can be a little soul destroying considering the work that's put into organising gigs, not just for bands but for promoters too. It goes against the grain of any nice guy to frogmarch potential gig-goers into a show. Promote too hard and you're in danger of being seen as pushy, but if you take a softly-softly approach you may not be taken seriously. That seems to be a dilemma for Rock Til You Drop's promoter, Toby Burton, a very affable up front gent who has invested shitloads of time into his venture only to be rewarded (on this particular night) with a minimal return. A few hardcore supporters showed up, others would have loved to have been there but due to social as well as financial constraints, couldn't make it.
First Impressions:
Overall this was a fast, sweet, engaging story. The ending wasn’t your typical HEA, but it was real, which is most important. I really loved how engaging and honest Dana Reinhardt’s writing was and I’m definitely going to look into getting her other books.
Footnote: A team have asked the FIA for clarification on the use of this splitter construction with a view to using it themselves. Charlie Whiting has made it clear it would not be and added that the deflection may now be altered to ensure the rules and test are not being exploited.
Vincent Kompany scored the only goal of the match on Monday evening to help City leapfrog the champions and reach top spot on goal difference with just two games to go.
Hosted multiple UFC showings and football games
It reminds me , since I first blogged as the Maven on our return from Bologna last year, that this blog is coming up to an anniversary.
Monday very early in the morning, like we're still snoozing in bed, well I was anyway until she placed her hand on my shoulder. Waking up right away I thought it was going to be a morning delight start but no, she was just trying to stop me from making snoring noises so she could hear clearly.
Grease ‘em up you goofy shit,
Egg banana bread next. This would be perfect treat for Easter Morning.
Michael J. Fox (The Good Wife)
The misty landscape and soft focus look added an ethereal atmosphere to Romanshorn. I reckoned we were the only visitors there during that time because the locals kept staring at us. Maybe they thought we were lost, hehe.
Another piece of coffee art, and the reason this is probably my favorite is because of the way it came together. I found a scrapbook page that I had that was filled with phrases all over it, and it was the same color scheme that I've been working with, and it gave me an idea--
Another one of the plans was to hire an advertiser, to sell the tomatoes as non-threating or least threating as possible, by creating a sticker labeled, STP (Stop Tomato Program) and by talking about how you are more like to die in a car crash, cancer & natural causes combined then by a tomato. Meanwhile while this is happing, there’s an assassin trying to kill Mason Dixon, and winds-up killing about 3 other bystanders. After that, there’s a long winded chase between the assassin and mason.
And the armies that remain’d suffer’d….
(15) Obtain the equivalent resistance for the network. All resistors are of 100????????? (12 marks)
Have you considered donating to the show and supporting the arts AND fighting homelessness in Halifax? Please visit littlewomenhfx.blogspot.com for more information.
Now, I’m going to try and have “a normal day” and either drink lots of tea and read or make a vegan fruit cake for Christmas! (Even though Ruby Fruit Vegan are going to deliver goodies and I’m on a diet!)
Every time, I put the book down, I feel encourage and inspired to do a better job as a wife and mother for God is calling me as He called all of those Saints and as He calls you, to be Saints!
It is absolutely ridiculous that the UK should experience hosepipe bans and drought conditions, but for many areas of England, this is the case. 2012 has so far been a year of snow and sleet, interspersed with a brief interlude of summery weather, then back to the usual wind, and yes, rain. Yet, in the southeast of England, the water companies have imposed hosepipe bans and warnings that despite the continuing deluge, the water system is close to breaking point and there is a very real possibility that at some point it will not be possible to simply turn on a tap and get water. This is an outrage.
Last week we went back to Williamsburg with the intent of a weekend of outdoor activities. The girlies and I arrived much later on Friday than I had desired due to a lot that needed to be done before we left. We arrived around 4 and unpacked at Nana and Grandpa's house, ate an early dinner, and set off for Busch Gardens. We has a beautiful evening at the park and were able to see the last of the Illuminights shows we had yet to catch this season. The girls and I really liked the Chinese yo yo performers and acrobats. We had gone to a Chinese yo yo demonstration several months ago at the library and fully understood how difficult what the performers were doing really was! The evening was capped by some amazing fireworks. Love Busch Gardens Williamsburg! We plan on making two more visits to the park before our summer passes expire.
And I wish to you, joy and happiness.
because Donald was a friend of mine.
..A bit extreme, eh? This isn't even about health anymore, not that it ever was. This has turned into an all out war on smokers and on nicotine itself. How has it come to this? Remember when "non-smoker" front groups maintained steadfastly that their only true objective was to allow for non-smoking sections in restaurants? We have since fallen off of the slippery slope as it has become strikingly clear that we are now witnessing the cumulative effects of a 40+ year war on smoking and smokers themselves.
(You know you want to click to enlarge)
4) Add in carrot, sukiyaki sauce (or oyster sauce) and water (enough to cover plus some more). Bring to boil and simmer on low heat till beef is almost tender (gently poke a piece of beef with a chopstick to test). You can also check the taste and add more seasoning if needed.
I am so REAL I don’t even know how to be fake, not even on Halloween so I stopped dressing up years ago.
Normally I would caption these pictures, but I need to dream feed the baby and go to sleep. And by go to sleep, I mean read the scary book on my iPad until way too late.
Sewing machine (although you could hand sew, it just would take longer)
Image: Kate Spade Fall/Winter 2011 ad campaign featuring Bryce Dallas Howard, via Storemags.com.
Your future is looking rosy
The ink is delicate.
“I have seen a sunset,” said Pierre. “It is the time of the day when the Sun decides to go to bed for the evening. The Sun’s bed is in space where there are lots of stars and no air and nobody can hear you scream.”
Speaking to staff who worked for dg Arts while it existed, it was clear that the executive board knew about the state of the accounts and had been regularly informed about financial concerns. But certain payments to fund a small number of projects and individuals effectively cost local jobs for the real workers. Where were the checks and balances? Why did the Council-influenced board persist in appointing directors they could not afford or who weren’t able to manage budgets properly.
to me..
David Hale offers his always-insightful post-game thoughts. Someone should tell him though, that I spent the entire month of November swimming in a vat of bourbon (it was a bad month for UGA football) and even I wouldn’t have told him that UGA would be leading UT by 25 at one point during the game on Saturday.
Hey guys! The time has come to move out of blogspot into our new domain. This sounds annoying but it's actually way better. Anyone can still comment and you can fill i out however you want, you can still subscribe and search the blog , and there will be different sections for the blog now also, so you can look at photoshoots, a journal, fashion inspiration and illustration, and you can email me.
As I was planning on making a wearable muslin (something I’ve never done before but this seems like a “grown-up” pattern so I felt that I should do everything properly!) I used a £3.99/m polycotton with a pretty delicate green print – not too special but something I’d be happy to wear.
now all anger aside, i happen to believe that a healthy dose of cynicism is not a bad thing. there's nothing wrong with looking at the world and seeing it as it is, instead of visualising unicorns in the hope that they come flying out of your ass - all the power of positive thinking will not change the fabric of the universe. oh sure, let's hope and dream and all that other fluffy stuff, because it is important, but it is ok to say that there are no unicorns, no matter how mean it may sound.
Image - MFT Pure Innocence stamped in Memento Ink and Colored with Copics
Once you get the two pieces of thread down to the needles, separate them and thread each needle. Insert your bobbin as normal and bring up the thread – also as normal! Then sew your hem as above!
When I'm sitting there at a park with my kids, or in the Dr.'s waiting room, or even just sitting at the family farm, I haul out that little sketchbook and start doodling. It makes me feel like I'm accomplishing something and puts me in my happy place!
And this is my favorite tea stamp!! This set is from the new Occasions Mini and it's gorgeous! Everything a sneezing tea lover could want in a stamp set! I paired it with some lace trim to give that doily feel and made a teabag tag with the tag punch - cute, eh?
In the novels, Dexter is not the only one with the DP and the DPs can sense one another. This means that Dexter can often pick out a killer in a crowd and that others, however unconscious of the DP, can sense the darkness and Dexter. This is why Novel Sgt. Doakes (Albert in the novels) senses that Dexter is a killer without any proof. And this is also how Dexter determines the Novel Cody and Astor are serial killers in the making.
The pair began a sexual relationship that reportedly went on for several months before the boy’s legal guardians found out.
2012-13; 490 stations have been completed so far.
The Kneebone Boy by Ellen Potter is as delightfully quirky as I had hoped it would be. I liked it as soon as I started it, but I've been trying to finish some other things, so I've put this Middle Grade novel aside.
Question for Marc – What are your thoughts on reporting on the brain? Will you speak yourself or have someone else explain what occurs during adolescence? Can you speak to temper and mood so that it could lead into the violence part I am going to interview for??Can you add anything to this about how competition plays a role to brain and behavior or any other feeling related to violence or that triggers violence….
When NABC decided to take all the chips left on our table and bet the entire stash on the future prospects of Bank Street Brewhouse and its larger brewing system, with capacity four times the size of the original house brewery on Plaza Drive, it was an investment in our company, one that naturally we hoped would make the company stronger in terms of commerce. In short, we hoped to turn a profit by becoming more of a brewery.
France follows a fairly similar approach to the UK. A photograph attracts copyright protection if it is original and carries the “imprint of the personality” of its author. What this means in practice largely accords with the principles applied in Temple Island i.e. the court will look at a combination of the exposure, lighting, composition etc to determine whether a work is original.
- Scott Slocum, White Bear Lake, MN, USA, 21/2/2012 05:02
I’m a real planner, so very much planned out every detail of this memorial even though initially I’d not wanted to do it. I figured if I was going ahead, I needed to do a bang up job of it. I let friends and family know where and when, asked a few friends if they’d like to speak at the memorial with a eulogy and got that all arranged.
Accessories: pleated ribbon, lace trim, swirl pearls
1) As we last left off, have a chat with this guy (picture 1) again. He asks us to search along the boat trade routes for missing ships. The route extends from Phoenix Knights to Manarch coast lines.
I watch The Hills – not afraid to admit it. Well, I guess I should say that I used to watch The Hills, since it recently had its series finale. But whether you watched it or not or believed in the reality of the show or not, you have to admit that it was certainly a big part of pop culture for a span of 4-6 years. One of the more culturally significant scenes of the show was when main character, Lauren Conrad, had a choice to make at the end of the 2nd season. Does she go to Paris for the summer for her job or does she stay and spend the summer with her then boyfriend/ “love of her life,” Jason Wahler?
So I was in crisis. AGAIN! Finally, I forswore all things denominational, and I friggin ment it. I told Christ that night. You, the Trinity, Bible and Creed, that was it. No more Calvinsim or any theories. I want straight dope. I want the truth. (Unfortunately I was still hard wired to think like a Calvinist, but you know, I tore out that old wiring and God helped me re-wire the attic.)
Monday morning I start fresh with no smoking. I will put on a patch and go with the flow and work through this minute by minute if I have to. My mom gave me enough patches for a few weeks so I hope that helps a little bit.
― 1984
Julia Gillard returned from Gallipoli on Friday night to find support for her leadership crumbling as the government haemorrhaged over the Peter Slipper affair and Craig Thomson scandal.
“For too many years, those at the top have been getting unjustified rewards. I have changed where we stand.
But I don't much care. For also we have explored a lovely 'new' (new to me) Beach. And this morning, we had The Eats:
So after purchasing a super cute bright purple wheely bag, I happily dropped a couple diapers in it, a blanket, one baby outfit and a shirt for myself, zipped it and called it a day.
Winston Smith speaks little. Only enough to let the viewer know that he is up to something that is most definitely not up to party standards. However, the chatter never ends. A shrill voice incessantly spouts production statistics (obviously fabricated) and propaganda. Big Brother stares ominously from posters and screens on every wall. Winston doesn’t need to speak; the world does it for him.
Racine would have said. On her head glitters a crown formed of hearts. Her marvellous hair ripples around her forehead and falls in cascades on her neck. Her skirts and corsage are laced with chains composed of hearts. Her train is caught up on the hip. 'Tis a bewitching costume.”
Some fitness programs proclaim they prepare you for the unexpected with some lame WOD or whatever. This is legit and seriously hard!!!
Speaking of climate, it was unseasonably warm for the end of October all weekend. That’s two years running that the most obvious outcome has failed to happen, weather-wise. Rejoice ye not, though, if it carries on taking place in Autumn then eventually the other precipitatory boot will drop and we’ll all get pneumonia.
Good luck in all your endeavors!
LRGP’s Fluid Inerter Concept
As for histories by Muslim historians, there are several reasons why they feature less centrally in English-speaking histories of the Middle East – the most basic is that Islamic history is a small field that has evolved in the West over the last hundred and fifty years, and often, students cite their teachers, who cite their teachers, etc. This system is made more complex by the realities of the early days of Islamic studies in the West – the field developed in conjunction with European imperialism in the Middle East and South Asia, and often the early histories demonstrate a clear bias. The best example is the history of India written by James Mill (father of the philosopher John Stuart Mill) – Mill had never been to India, and had only the few indigenous sources that had been translated in the West, but his work played a significant role in shaping the British Raj.
Pooling responses for both types of respondent produced results some of which were quite similar to those obtained in Study I. The correlation between moralism and social desirability was .402 (cf. .403). The correlation between moralism scores and scores on the attitude to apartheid scale was -.368 (cf. -.239 with the social conservatism scale in Study I) . Note that both attitude scales are scored so that a radical would get a low score. The correlation of -.368 is significant at the .01 level. Moralists were not more authoritarian (r = -.185) but were less alienated (r = -.277). Since normlessness has always figured as an element in the concept of alienation, this later result may be taken as concurrent validation for the moralism scale. Moralism and normlessness are obviously opposed.
In the late eighties some bands experimented with deconstruction of ‘melody’ into noise. Site: ‘My Bloody Valentine’. Which is why we hated soft bellied ‘NME’. Foreheads were clearly a part of the ‘Melody Maker scene’.
Well, maybe it also works because he thinks my scrapbooking is pretty cool. ha ha!
Master teachers, Mike Kotar and Carol Buxton bring you new possibilities for yourself and your clients in the form of skills which can be learned easily and put to work immediately. Empower yourself personally and professionally with The Intention and Belief Workshop.
They are eventually set upon by the Miagani, a lost tribe of Indians living far beneath Gotham. During their attempted escape from the Indians, they are attacked by a giant (no, really GIANT) bat. Jonah kills the bat and earns the respect of the tribe, which show our heroes the way out. Upon emerging from the cave, they find themselves outside Wayne Manor.
Meanwhile, back in Oriana’s kingdom, everyone is watching her dance in the ‘ole bubble.
London was there for the taking by Labour. That's twice Labour has thrown away power by allowing tightly-knit groups of politically motivated men to manipulate the choice of Labour champions in crucially important contests for social democracy in England.
One of my favorite features is that the hoods can be washed. My daughter did not want to take it off so it got a bit messy when she ate with it on. They do recommend dry-cleaning your hood or hand washing your hood in cold water and air drying but if you have the Doodle Hood, you can wash it alone in the washing machine on "delicate" with warm water.
Twenty most played Class of ’77 UK “I call it Punk” tracks:
Hang Up #1.
Scrub potatoes to clean them. Bake potatoes at 400 degrees for about one hour or until tender.
For example, if a female booty spy says, “Hey, why don’t you come to my hotel room and have sex with me?” and the target turns out to be a difficult case and says no, then the booty spy can resort to Plan B.
His father looked up from the saw he was sharpening. ‘Eh?’ he said.
And that is where we pick up in the season premier. Michael meets Vaughn, a shadowy man who works for management. He informs Michael that the boss is recovering and that Simon is locked away. The location is undisclosed, safe to say that it is some kind of secret holding facility. Vaughn leaves him with some light reading (an agency file). Back in his cell Michael tries to decipher the purpose of the documents. He manages to puzzle out that someone is running a war for profit.
MARISOL: How do you do it.
Call me Jonah. My parents did, or nearly did. They called me John.
4) Beat congealed brown butter, bourbon, and sugars with an electric mixer until fluffy, about 2 minutes. Add eggs one at a time, beating well after each addition. Beat in vanilla. With mixer on low speed, add flour mixture and mix until just incorporated.
I know that this is outside your field, and you may not be able to comment on publisher policies, but I'm dying to hear your reaction to the decision by HarperCollins to limit ebooks licensed to libraries to 26 checkouts over the life of the book. As an aspiring writer and a librarian struggling to try to get as many books as I can for my kids on my tiny budget, I can see both sides, but us librarians...we feel a little bit picked on. Would love to hear your thoughts!
Good morning everyone!!! It's Thursday and today we are going out to lunch with my parents. They received a gift certificate to Cracker Barrel and it's burning a whole in Dad's pocket!! I love to go to CB...it's so much fun to do a little shopping while you wait, especially at the candy counter!! I love all that old fashioned stuff!!! Anyway....I won a challenge at the Catered Crop this week and Linda sent me this adorable image to play with....Heather Ellis of Pure Innocence fame sponsored the challenge and provided images for the Catered Crop DT. Isn't she just the cutest evah!!!???!!!
Margaret Whitton (Ironweed, The Secret of My Success)
Last fall, while our co-workers were in Germany, we had OctoberFest at my office. This spring they are in London on 4/20. Last year I was in Amsterdam on 4/20!
The best you can do is hope for the best and contact local people long before you get there to ask for their advice and support. When we took our show on the road on Cape York Peninsula in October 2011, we were blown away by the kindness and encouragement the locals gave us.
On another note, my knee is really bothering me tonight. The sitting in the chair at B’s was very uncomfortable and even though I was able to rest my leg over a chair . . . I was still uncomfortable. Also, I drove today, which probably was not a good idea as pressing down on the clutch with a bad knee is only ask for pain. I’ve also realized my ankle is aching as well. At first I thought it was from walking around without my crutch but now I think the driving has also contributed.
I have a bit of an embarrassing story that reveals just how honed in my little head was, on my lists and chores.
During a homily in the Abbey Church, Archbishop George gave an inspirational homily,recalling our 'journey' through the garden .He reminded us, that our Salvation had begun in the Garden of Eden. Eve too had been conceived without sin, because God had done this for Adam and Eve but, after Eve's disobedience, another woman,Mary in her immediate obedient 'yes' to the Angel Gabriel had brought the possibility of restoring us to Eden. The story of Salvation, moved to a close in another garden, that of Gethsemene,where Jesus was arrested, before his death on the Cross for our Salvation.
9, 10 Even as the Father hath loved Me, I also have loved you: abide ye in My love. If ye keep My commandments, ye abide in My love; even as I have kept My Father s commandments and abide in His love.
There a sophistication and maturity in adult books, no matter the age of the character, that shines through in the voice. To try and break down some elements of what this sophistication and maturity consists of:
He finds her amusing as she writes her resignation letter on a paper napkin and all I’m thinking is, “Hmm… I think they look good together.” Am I in trouble because they are not the show’s OTP? Ottoke?
1 page
Just by making the statement that I was going to write more gave my brain permission to shut down. In the few years I have blogged, I've noticed the writers block that appears at the beginning of each new year. It happens to most bloggers at one time or another. I assumed it was because of all the fodder starting with school in the fall, on to Halloween, Thanksgiving, Christmas and the finale of New Years. With all the commotion, in those last four months, most bloggers are burnt out.
Romtelecom: “Pay-TV operators can no longer afford to ignore non-linear content”: We speak to Irina Ariana… bit.ly/JDsgPN
the blogs in the hop
Genre: Electronic
Well it’s been 3 years since I woke up from a dream and started writing songs and it’s been a very slow process getting (the few that are done) them recorded; and they aren’t even great recordings.
I’m sorry but I just had to get that out there. And as long as I’m on the subject of attire, underwear was given its name for a reason. You wear them under your clothes. Pull up your damn pants, guys. Yesterday in our local Lab Corp, I had the extreme privilege of viewing someone’s red underpants while he stood in front of where I was sitting. His pants were way down beyond where no pants should go in public and the others in the waiting room were all looking at each other as if to ask, “why?”
And I'm trying (so hard, as you can tell by this blog entry) to get some things done. I work better at night and Matt gets uptight if I work while he relaxes. But I am hung up on this attempt to plan meals (I did so well last week) and so I'm failing.
Divide batter evenly among lined cups, filling each three-quarters full; tap pans on countertop once to distribute batter. Bake, rotating tins halfway through, until a cake tester inserted in centers comes out clean, about 20 minutes. Transfer tins to wire racks to cool 10 minutes; turn out cupcakes onto racks and let cool completely.
Norris plays J.J. McQuade, a “lone wolf” Texas Ranger who doesn’t want to partner up with anyone – including his new partner, the Texas State Trooper Kayo Ramos (Robert Beltran). We know McQuade is a real American hero because when he attends a fancy event and they tell him they don’t have any domestic beer, he passes on the Heineken and Dos Equis. Had the Most Interesting Man in the World emerged at that moment to kick his ass, we might have had something.
But, this spring has been fairly busy with orders from all over the world: Germany, Australia, and the US. The process is a little slower than I would like. With a 4-month old I’m learning that time is a slippery concept. I will say that at least I’ve come out of the BabyFog so I’m able to work more efficiently. Thanks everyone for your patience as I crawl out of this new baby stage.
The aircraft will have a flat floor, large cabin windows, Cessna’s new high reliability Clairity cabin management system and the lowest price tag of any super- midsize jet. A light empty weight should also give it the lowest operating costs in its class.
Therefore art has become both diverse and erratic to mimic the values of modern society, there is much more practical uses for art in modern times (for example web design) therefore the lines of what is art is blurred and it is uncertain whether there would be a change in society or indeed a revival of art.
My heart is broken… But someday it will mend… Until then, when it comes back together, it’s still broken…
I had to share one last card she has on her blog...I love these flower pot cards!
The Dalai Lama once said,
Stuck out on the fringes of Paris, not far from the péripherique in the down-at-heel (but gradually gentrifying) 20th arrondissement, Mama Shelter is a neighbourhood anomaly. Interior designed by Philippe Starck, it has all the hallmarks you’d expect of the ubiquitous designer. Polished concrete walls, low lighting, oversized lamp shades and lots of black.
Touched the bottom at the twelve foot mark!
wow amazing – yesterday was a purple day for me . the smell of lavender came in my living room and was so overwhelming I started to sneeze . I was puzzled ?/ Then I knew I had a visit as I have no flowers in my house, This is an ahh moment. so now it is verified. allergies??? Traci my friend, thank you for the visit.
Yet the God of the Bible is always for the underdog.
*"But if you hired me, I'd have more job experience!" *hopefully winning but actually desperate smile*
CALLER: -- racism has come to another level that's unacceptable.
Since it’s before 9pm, the bar is open to minors, so maybe it’s for the best that the waitress doesn’t have this section. His thoughts and potential actions would not be appropriate with children present.
City Press reported last week that there were also security improvements made to the KZN home of Police Minister Nathi Mthethwa. He denied this.
- taxi from hotel to airport 75 euros (bad jam)
super cute card!
There was also one lovely person that I don’t know (at least by their Amazon.com name) that left reviews on all three of the ebooks yesterday. When I woke up and saw this, I literally teared up. So thank you, from the bottom of my heart, the top of it, and everywhere in between. You have no idea what reviews mean for Indie authors. (Or maybe you do… I’m not sure.)
What I used for this mani:
Be sure to hop on over to the House Mouse and Friends Monday Challenge blog to see all of the lovely samples by our fabulous design team and be inspired to join in the fun for some fabulous prizes. And remember, if you post your card in galleries be sure to use HMFMC114 so we can easily find your work and leave you some love.
WWE.com has a new storyline interview up with Beth Phoenix. Here are some highlights of the article. Beth Phoenix recently dropped her Divas Championship title just two weeks ago; due to an on-screen injury. In the interview, she finally commented on The Bella Twins’ firing and gave her honest opinion of the new ‘FLAW-LESS’ Divas Champion, Layla. Find out what The Glamazon said?
I thought I'd buy 2 new tyres today. They need replacing but are not illegal yet.
Here’s everything you need to know about the 2010 (84th Annual) Macy’s Thanksgiving Day Parade which takes place on Thursday, November 25, 2010 from 9am to 12pm:
The x-axis is time steps and the programmer plots the most recent N steps.
I got a nice harvest this morning of some of our lettuce, a lot more than I thought I would get anyway. I also harvested more lambs quarters and I’m thinking of having a salad of them right before dinner as I tend to only get enough for a small serving for two people, but that is alright. Due to all the rain we got over the last week, everything that I didn’t want growing in our garden is getting huge. So, I also grabbed the 5 gallon bucket and stuffed it full of greens for the chickens.
HATS, MITTENS SHOES AND SOCKS
Phil Karlson spent the majority of his directing career overseeing B movies, and made a number of very classy crime and noir films throughout the 50s. Therefore, it should come as no surprise that he brought some of that dark moodiness and pessimism to Gunman’s Walk, thematically, if not visually – although there is a sequence in the jail towards the end that has a look straight out of the classic film noir handbook. The emphasis on these fractured family relationships has a relentlessly downbeat tone that sets the movie a little apart from the usual genre pieces. It’s been stated before that the classic westerns of the 50s were guided by the idea of redemption for the protagonists. It could be argued that this is achieved in some small measure by the end, but the traumatic nature of the developments leading up to this point suggest to me that it will be short-lived. The way I see it, the character of Lee is left so emotionally devastated by the end of the movie that he’s essentially finished and washed up as a man. The final image does indicate that progress has been achieved, but only by reaching closure and burying the past and those associated with an outmoded way of life. As such, this is very much a bittersweet triumph; the next generation (Davy and his half-Sioux sweetheart) setting off to face the future and the final nail hammered into the coffin of the closing frontier.
that I want to see you again.
Add the salt, chopped ginger, curry leaves and green chillies. Stir till well mixed, then taste and adjust seasoning.
P.S. There is probably another 100 ounces more (at this writing) to follow that I could not fit into the cooler!
To end this review I definitely suggest you go to your local drugstore and pick some of these up!
- Apertures! – he said, beaming. – You put them in by hand.
That’s why I need you to act quickly — right away — to protect our nation’s youth.
Outburst: Ex-miner Ronnie Campbell MP described the Queen as a ‘fifth generation German’
Currently, the Moon is moving away from Earth at a rate of about 1.5 inches per year. This is all because of the tides...the difference in the Moon's gravity felt on the Earth raises two bulges on the Earth which rotate roughly once per day (anyone who's lived near the ocean knows the cycle of low-tide and high-tide). These act as a very subtle brake on Earth's rotation, just like slightly depressing the brakes in your car.
That’s professionalism! Thanks, WordPress!
height: 25.75 inches (75%)
Paper: GinaK Heavy Base Weight White, Designer Paper Basic Grey Eskimo Kisses
6. The Pale Fountains - Benoit's Christmas
Hair that works as hard as you do
But I was not yet ready to part from my beloved warm cup of energy. . . or so I thought.
“Girl please, if she was going to get pregnant, a scandalous top is not going to be the blame.”
Jared Loughner was a liberal.
I think my own definition has to do with effort - people who participate in their sport full-on, balls-out, without holding back - those are who I think of as athletes. And by that definition, I am definitely NOT one - I'm more of a slow & steady person, rather than a full-tilt give-it-all-you-have one. Hence my preference for nice, 11 minute miles as opposed to heart- and pace-improving sprints when I run, and the joys of downhill flying on my bike rather than uphill slogs.
Stay tuned! Hasta luego!
Anyway printing out my blog is always a lot of fun. The kids love flipping through it and looking at what we did over the past year.
anyway, I came across these photos today and really love the colours, so deep and rich.
Do you know the degree of power it took to keep you alive? How do you measure what it took to keep you going?
The animation was very good, certain battles were highly specialized and fluid. To this day, the animation does not look dated – in comparison to other animes released at that time. The voice acting was quite superb, down to their nuances and catch phrases.
Could the last three years have gone differently? Sure. The opposition was locally fierce but was not joined by major citywide good government groups, who did join a coalition of more moderate critics in the most recent months. No self-interested, big-pocketed corporation, like Cablevision in the West Side Stadium fracas, stepped in to amplify the voices of neighborhood opponents.
So, as I watch London burning, I must say that big wheel keeps turning and sooner or later, your number comes up.
Note that John also calls the lady’s sister ‘elect’. Henry observes:
Document Viewer (Word, Excel, PowerPoint & PDF)
i hope you're having a beautiful spring!
Volunteering feels very worthwhile to me.
Nutrition:
After the appointment, it was time to have yesterday's labs drawn. KayTar started to get anxious and a little sad, so I made a deal with her that if she could stay calm and breathe normally during the labs, I'd get her ANOTHER sock monkey...even though yesterday's sock monkey was supposed to be a two-fer. She agreed and although she DID scream when she got stuck, she remembered the deal and did a pretty good job of calming herself and staying calm during the draws. It was important because on of the tests was a VBG and it is a more accurate measure of oxygenation and CO2 when the person is breathing appropriately when the test is done. I was SO impressed with the phlebotomist. She got KayTar in ONE stick (even though she couldn't use a tourniquet because of the VBG), which is a very rare thing, and she was so kind and chatty with KayTar during the whole process. We had to wait a while in the lab because a courier had to be called prior to the labs being drawn so she could take the VBG in immediately, and KayTar was feeling anxious and asked A LOT of questions about laboratory equipment to keep her mind off of the impending poke. The phlebotomist just kept answering her questions very kindly and patiently. She even gave KayTar a rainbow arm (and purple gloves), like she requested, and then we went and bought a rainbow monkey from the gift shop!
The trees are budding out, despite very cold nighttime temps and several gloomy, not-so-warm days. But today the sun is shining and so I stopped to admire the trees at the far end of the rock garden, near the hollow. Their tiny tips of red and green, waving in the wind against the blue sky, remind me that everything is going according to plan, the world knows what it's doing without me having to do a thing except witness its effortless awakening.
Also, thanks for visiting me here and leaving comments. I'm grateful for my blog-friends and look forward to spending time with you in 2012. Have a nice New Year's Eve!
Deconstructed…fallen to pieces …it’s not the outcome but the fact of what I’ve become.
He was pumped, of course. He took me to a crappy restaurant & I paid for my own meal. He insisted we get to prom an hour early to take pictures that I later found out he expected me to pay for. He wanted me to dance with him on every single song. He topped the charts as one of my worst dates ever.
Stay in touch with credit card companies if you wish to repair your score. This prevents you from sinking further into debt or further damaging your credit score. Call them and see if you can change the payment terms. They may be willing to change the actual payment or move the due date.
We passed this sign at a creperie, which translated "galettes au boeuf" as "beef pancakes." I doubt they're big sellers with the tourist crowd. The translation doesn't really work, plus it sounds sexual. I'm pretty sure if you walk into a place and say, "I want to eat some beef pancakes" you're going to get either a punch in the face or somebody's phone number.
Until I finish with my research to bring you answers to the questions above, keep coming to this blog to share with me and the rest of the world what you know about energy drinks and other issues posted here.
Today I have for you one of the polishes I received from the lovely Carla @ Deuce beauties in a swap. I received some amazing polish from her and Sagreena The Teenage Witch was one of the many included. This one however made squeal a little, not just because it's a wonderful green polish, Sabrina The Teenage Witch is my favourite show ever!!
“A shambolic mess?” Steve asked.
Cons – The book-keeping can be a hassle especially when you start dishing out damage (although the character sheets and tokens help with this). Another concern is larger battles with multiples on each side. That could get messy, but I must say I have heard rumours of an expansion that looks into such things. So I wait with bated breath..
Go Beyond the Wrench
The product is a London Dry Gin and its botanicals include: juniper, coriander, angelica, iris, cinnamon, and cinchona (containing the quinine) from Peru.
The tactics and equipment required in any campaign are to some extent dictated by the methods of the enemy. General Jackson (p42) explained that the Taliban had moved from direct fighting to the use of improvised explosive devices (IEDs) which had changed the need for equipment:
Believe it or not, another installment is coming. Oh yes. There will be (Photoshopped) blood.
Built-in DVD Player a
After dinner (which was included, thankfully, my bank account is certainly not used to these Australian prices) we settled into our hostel which was so nice and just sat and chatted while we drank some local Australian wine. Another great thing about Lorne is the birds. There are wild parrots everywhere and they are so used to people that they will literally sit next you. I loved it. I mean one of my favorite movies growing up was Paulie.
ps - i want my "cake" to be a lucious tower of cream puffs and perhaps tiny cream brulees as another dessert. not that i've thought about that or...anything....really
While I advise kids-up-to-a-certain-stage to turn to their parents for insight about selecting appropriate books, I generally also tell them that reading banned books is an important part of exercising intellectual freedom. In general, over time, read as many as you can.
In the Simpsons episode “Grampa vs. Sexual Inadequacy” (1994), the character Milhouse includes RAND in a series of overlapping conspiracies that the children believe are causing their parents to disappear for long stretches of time.
Abdullahi met recently with Aminu Daurawa, head of the Hisbah Board, who promised to personally select the best available man for her.
I want to travel slowly and stay in a particular location for weeks or months at a time.
Obviously (points to blog) it did not.
yep. I suck. I feel like poop and I completely forgot about HNT. I am being weaned off my anxiety meds and due to that I had a raging headache for 2 days in a row and it is still there. I am tired and a bit nauseous and just plain bleh.
To get the barbed wire effect in the background I inked the edge of the rubber stamp that I used for my main image and randomly "stamped" it around. I found this gave me a straighter line than using the edge of the ink pad (no curved end bits)...and then I just drew on some doodles with a black liner pen.
COMMERCE
by the harbour wall you know
The next challenge I am participating in was created by Polished Prisms and it's great because we can go at our own pace. So here's my first post for this challenge: Spring Pastels.
Butch Trucks – drums
The Metropolitan Police continues to stumble from one self-inflicted crisis to another, weakening its ability to fight genuine crime.
I have wonderful, loyal friends in Danbury…did I mention that? They always make room for me in their lives when I come to visit, and boy do I miss them when I’m not there. Sweet, dear friends- Helen, Janie, Stacey, Greg, Tommy and Kevin. If I have any regrets, it’s leaving these people behind. Whenever I visit, I always get a little teary-eyed…I wish I could keep them all close. Our kids are all just as close and fast friends, despite the distance.
Kristi-”Do you think this shirt has bad juju because of my NYC marathon experience?”
Little you know what it is this day, and after this day, forever,
3. What’s your favourite New Zealand book?
Adapted from a recipe from Karen Robinson
Madras: An inherently happy fabric, not easy to wear unless you're quite thin, but anyone can carry a bag with a retro stripe. Price, $40 from Land's End.
Just had to check out Patricia Field (stylist of SATC). Totally bonkers! Amazing shop, especially if you are looking for something outrageous, or you maybe are a drag queen or have a My Big Fat Gypsy Wedding-themed party.
I see this all too often at the college level. The Head Football Coach has to assume all responsibility publicly for the player’s performance. Privately it is different. Hold them accountable one on one and in team meetings in front of their peers.
Once everything was dry, I wiped all the pieces down with a damp cloth, then finished them with 2 coats of Minwax polycrylic in clear semi-gloss.
Before I left today, I left him a message on the refrigerator. I hope that even in my absence, he knows how dearly he is loved. That I do the things I do to help provide and care for him. To show him that ministry and other people are important. That my heart is with him and for him even though I have to be gone so much.
3.) A group of ten teens is playing volleyball in the lobby, where expensive vases are on every table and chandeliers are hanging from the ceiling.
We will be walking into our ballpark this coming weekend, sitting in the stands, and we will be looking at you. I hope that when you look back at the crowds you see in each one of us… your family too.
If I don’t agree with what a church is doing, should I continue to go there even though I’m being told I should?
Would you like us to write for you? Leave a comment. We will see it before it goes public.
14.TRUSTY "Goodbye, Dr. Fate"
4. Add shrimp and scallops, salt and pepper to taste. Cook until firm. Do not overcook. Remove shellfish from pan but keep warm.
"Now We Are Free" by Hans Zimmer & Lisa Gerrard - I have three different versions of this song (the theme music to Gladiator, starring Russell Crowe), one of them a dance mix I have personally subtitled the "Boogie-Downus Maximus Mix". The film itself I feel is a bit flat. The three best aspects: the score, Joaquin Phoenix, and the hot uber-muscled gladiator who is unfairly killed in the revolt. The film was released around the time I was in Rome, so this score is especially nostalgic for me.
Is it ur Charisma?
Chasing the Rock and Roll Carrot
Well if I was meant to fly he said
Wide-spectrum UV light treatment for skin disorders such as psoriasis is also considered a standard treatment option in clinical practice. However, such other light-related treatments as cold laser therapy and colored light therapy are not generally accepted, since few or no scientific studies exist on the techniques.
“The next group that are on the verge of joining this list who if they are not careful we will attack very soon include, Leadership, Daily Trust, Peoples Daily and RFI(Radio France international)
salt (if not using anchovy paste) and freshly ground black pepper, to taste
Some would argue, I'm sure, that monadic code is not purely functional, or that it is too rigidly laid out by the sequential nature of monadic binding. I think that it is ideal to solve these word problems since I find that the solution closely follows the conditions laid out in the statement. All in all I've left out less than 40 lines of perfectly obvious support code, and gave solutions with 5, 7 and 30-odd lines. It was a fun exercise.
This is a book not to miss. It will make you think about getting older, looking back, being true to yourself and appreciating the simple pleasures that make life worthwhile. What a treat to discover this elegiac and beautiful book "All Passion Spent" written by the very passionate and rebellious English woman Vita Sackville-West. Like Virginia Woolf and Rebecca West, Vita felt strongly about the issue of women being repressed by society and she was a fierce advocate for her own personal freedom throughout her life.
True to its creators’ ambitions, Contagion’s greatest strength as a story is its eerie plausibility. Soderbergh and Zant hired a doctor from Columbia University to extensively supervise the incorporation of real-life science into the film, and even to the virology layman, their thoroughness shows in the sheer level of detail and thought put into the depiction of the outbreak. Every plot point strikes that perfect balance between being exciting enough to move the story forward, yet believable enough that the audience can accept that this could actually happen. Repeated references are made to the catastrophic 1918 Spanish flu pandemic; it hardly seems like a stretch to describe the film as a detailed imagining of what a similarly lethal viral outbreak would look like in the 2010s. The symptoms of the virus are gruesome, and the mundane means by which it is transmitted makes for great paranoia fuel. The origin of the virus, once revealed, is chilling in its simplicity. Possibly more disturbing than the virus itself, however, is the film’s depiction of the ways in which civilized society reacts to the outbreak. Neighbors turn against each other, riots break out, politicians scramble to save their own kind first, and sleepy suburban neighborhoods and grocery stores become lawless jungles where the resources necessary to survive go to the strong, and the weak are left deprived or worse. It’s nothing that hasn’t been seen in plenty of apocalyptic-minded films before, but something about the stark transition between a teenage girl using an iPhone to text her boyfriend and the house across from her having its fridges raided by shotgun-wielding looters really drives the point home in a way few prior films have managed.
Oh NOOOOOOOO! Yeah...well...that's why my blog looks WEIRD today. I am really hoping my blog angel comes through and saves the day...I have apparently lost some "coding".
I fear being hurt, again. I can’t bear it. I have suppressed feeling hurt.
3 large cloves garlic, minced
STFU about Shmoopy Sweety Cuddle-umpkins.
to have a look up close.
The Shackleton Building has been turned into a concentration camp, and the last free people in Phoenix have been forced into hiding. Unless Jordan and the others can figure out where the Co-operative is keeping Tobias, everything they’ve fought for will be for nothing.
The Word Study option is more fruitful, but is lags far behind the desktop version. This option launches the Logos Word Study Tool. In the desktop version of Logos this is a very powerful tool which creates a page with links to lexicons and a complete list of occurrences of a word in the Greek or Hebrew Bibles, including all Greek resources you might own (in my case, LXX, Philo, Josephus, Apostolic Fathers, Pseudepigrapha, and the Iliad). There is a section with “example uses,” just a few texts listed illustrating how the word is used in the New Testament. There is another section listing the word in various grammatical relationships (with a subject, object, adverb, preposition, etc). A very valuable feature is a chart showing the words a Greek word translates in the LXX. When a Hebrew is selected in this chart, a list appears with examples from the LXX illustrating the relationship.
Then she asked, “How are you?” as if I was just an afterthought, or as if she just noticed I had been standing there for the past few minutes.
“I think I’m staying in.”
With great compassion You lift us up
When to use: During a sideline shot of a triumphant opposing player.
Now, for nondurable STIs, it’s even more essential that you know what you have, what you’ve been exposed to, and inform your potential/current partners of those results.
Lindy says, "Hi, Bozo, this used to be my favourite squeaky toy until I lost it. Do you like squeaky toys? My mom doesn't like me to bark in the house, but I make lots of hungry noises, and why-is-Daddy-working-I-miss-him noises, and my squeaky toys make happy noises for me."
Yes, you read that right – ‘no guest room’. That’s how the revised New International Version translates Luke 2:7. It comes as a surprise to some people to discover that there is no mention of a stable or an inn, let alone an innkeeper, in the Christmas story.
This painting was done on a black box, I was intrigued by the frame insert on the left side and wanted to fill it up with a landscape and to have a compliment on the right. I love to paint fields, especially when they are covered with dry grasses. Yellow ocher, indian yellow, red orange, sienna and sage are all favorite colors. In the painting on the left the magenta represents wild foxglove and the shrubbery wild aspen. The painting on the right is my impression of a hillside filled with lupine. These flowers fill meadows and open areas for weeks at a time in the summer near my home. Wild lupine even pop up in my garden, not as showy as cultivated lupine but the flowers have a more delicate beauty.
Our friends and family who have never visited have no idea what life is like here. You can write about it, tell your little tales on the phone, but you have to experience it to really understand it. And while most people dream about a get-away like this (for their vacation mainly or their retirement), I dream about the urban life – and hop on a plane to Seattle whenever possible. Everything in our life seems reversed: For us, being in a city feels like a holiday, while being at the beach is the everyday life. Yes, it can be paradise, and I sometimes have a guilty conscience for not enjoying it the way I should. But sometimes I feel like I want to shake off this holiday laziness, get a clear mind, get back on track and be a city girl. It’s tempting to drift into the manana state of mind – and it takes a lot of patience if you don’t.
I had intended to come here to blog about my son for some time. I fight to be aware of what is going on in his life on all levels and to stay tuned in. He has made new friends in this neighborhood that we moved to over winter break. They are different then his usual crowd. His grades and his interest in school plummeted. He changed his hair and dress style. He started caring less and less about consequences and more about "hanging out" and sleeping.
The strategy, she said, came from the Nov. 2 port shutdown where activists “would leave on a march in downtown Oakland, go close down a few banks and then swing back to Oscar Grant Plaza, only to find another march leaving.”
I'm desperate for 27th April - the date the sequel, Rules of Attraction will be out! :)
October to me has become death month. I spent last weekend in Virginia following the death of my brother-in-law. Dr. Joe turned 60 on September 11th. One year ago we traveled to Virginia to "celebrate the life" of my husband's best friend. Michael was 51. My mother's birthday would have been October 20th. All three of them died prematurely due to different types of cancer. I'm not quite up to celebrating in the way of our Mexican friends.
These online lessons include Online Video Art Academy with 100+ art lessons, The School of Imagination with over 50 animated art lessons and, our personal favorite, Mini-Marshmallow lessons which are designed for the younger crowd.
Vitesse Noir is a really good beer, on it's own, or even with a few drops of whisky added too. (you know us Ghosts love our spirits..) I'm not sure about the wording on the label though... Instead of saying it's "just the tonic that you needed" I would have said - 'Vitesse Noir; it gets you really drunk!' ;)
I’ve been reading more, but nothing quite like the reading I was doing before. I’ve been doing a book about copy editing and a recreational book at the same time, which hasn’t been too bad. In fact, not too long ago my blog, Voraciously, was asked to review a book by a publisher. A quote from my review was posted on the author’s website, so that was pretty awesome.
Theatre this week through Monday next week: Mr. Paradise (Tennessee Williams), featuring Kate Besworth and Christopher Kelk, will be performed at a variety of venues:
In much the same way a mother recognizes her young, the world recognizes those who belong to it. Does a mother cow accept a puppy? Does a kitten find a home with a dog? The same is true of those who have accepted Jesus Christ as their personal Lord and Savior. They will not be accepted by the world! They may face rejection and tribulation for they have, in essence, turned their backs on the ways of the world and have focused on the ways of God.
I’ll be honest, I almost never whip this modest associate out. In fact it would have been years since I rode that pony had it not been for my pseudo-monk-like-husband and his recent vow of celibacy. After my post on Saturday (click here to read Sabotage), to curb the risk of having to gnaw off my own arms, I took advantage of the empty house and relieved un petit peu of my sexual tension.
The same goes for anything in my mailbox. You print it, ship it and wait—hoping that I will respond – how do you really know what finally got me in the door?
I am off to a crop with some friends to celebrate our Birthdays. The store owner Tammy and Peggy's birthday are today and mine is tomorrow, so we are having lunch and a cake.
Vinay: I grew up in California, then came to Chennai for grade 3 & 4. But I wasn’t ‘growing’ at Indian school…it was only giving me a basic education. In grade 9 my parents moved me into boarding at KIS….it has been the best 4 years of my life!
It wasn't that she necessarily wanted me to change the character to fit her vision. She had just seen that there was something missing in the way he was characterised, and in prodding me about it, she allowed me to fix it in a way that worked for the story.
The first time that hubby and I drove our Cadillac, the stimulation was just way too much for me to handle and I would smack it away and demand it come back. Mr. Pervert took the wheel and watched in amazement as I wiggled and moaned and cycled through a torturous love-hate relationship with the beaded, blue bunny. I will never forget the orgasm that followed. What probably looked like a demonic exorcism, felt more delightful than any word I can summon. I came so long and so hard that when I ‘came to’ I wasn’t sure if I was laughing or crying. Hubby and I just stared at each other with our jaws on the floor. There was silence for a few seconds and as I tried to catch my breath Hubby whispered to himself “Holy. Shit.”
Rarely does it cut particularly deep; even more than with Aaron Eckhart's cigarette lobbyist in his debut feature Thank You for Smoking (2005), director/co-writer Jason Reitman treats his amoral main character with kid gloves, backing away from devastating inquiry in favor of a rather inappropriate smoothness. Still, I come here not to bury Reitman; he's far from the "hope for the cinema" that Roger Ebert proclaimed him as earlier this year, but he's a sincere middlebrow artisan, and his failures of nerve seem borne out of deeply felt emotional generosity than calculation. He managed to locate the heart beating underneath Diablo Cody's self-consciously quirky dialogue in Juno (2007); and in Up in the Air, he brings a refreshing affection for characters like Anna Kendrick's hard young entrepreneur and Danny McBride's not-overly-bright brother-in-law—characters that might have been played for caricature and easy laughs in less sensitive hands.
The idea started when I bought this buckboard bench at AC Moore. I got a really good deal on it. At the time I bought it they had a 50% off 2 items coupon. The way the coupon worked was that they took 50% off the highest priced item and then 50% off the next highest priced item. They took the discount off the bench and then it was still the highest priced item so their register took the discount off the bench again, so I got a $100 bench for $25!
The muse who persists, whispers in my ear,
I would hear the version, "Write about personal experiences. Write about things you know. Real life stuff, blah blah blah."
If anyone remembers Facebook graffiti wall had a similar effect of fun novelty before you got bored of drawing stuff and putting it on peoples and others got bored of doing it as well!
To bring the 312 African workers of 1817 into today’s thinking about the long enslavement story, the census data was analysed using both quantitative and qualitative methods to construct the occupational lives of the young people and children, women and men who constructed Wingfield sugar plantation. The findings from the analysis are outlined in terms of gender, age, occupation, and names. The analysis also aimed to explore, describe, explain and discuss the central and six supplementary questions within the context of the economic and social conditions under which the 312 worked and lived.
FBS Schools in Georgia: Georgia and Georgia Tech.
Remember, to enter your review for a prize you must email the unicorn (unicorn AT katherineroberts.co.uk) and tell him which one is yours. Good luck.
That Christ was not our God on High
"I'm interested in writing a book set in the John Carter of Mars universe, created by Edgar Rice Burroughs. The first four books of the Mars series were published in the US prior to 1922, so I believe I'm in the clear from a copyright perspective to put the book up for sale in the U.S. Burroughs died in 1950, so the the remainder of his the books in the series aren't in the public domain globally until 2020 at the earliest.
Take the leap now. Whether it’s year 3, 7, 13, 24 or 40 … love, marriage, and life together are worth celebrating. Don’t feel you have to wait for big “notable numbers” to plan something special with your spouse. Like us, you never know what the next year will bring, and we can attest it doesn’t take a silver, gold, or platinum number to have the perfect holiday together!http://pinterest.com/pin/214343263484656813/
There is this jingle on the radio this holiday season, for a local hair cuttery. It uses a distinct Christmas tune (called Carol of the Bells, I believe) with the words "nine ninety-nine" sung along over the tune.
3. Green or red leaf lettuce, .88/lb. at Sun Harvest (through 3/30/11)
South Australian School of Art (SASA) Gallery
I felt quite sprightly and could do with the liquid chill of a cool drink hitting the back of me dusty, gardening pipes.
Making a scrolling marquee is easy if your links are grab buttons, because they will have all the coding for the button done already.
It's something of an Eco-minded horror flick--like the ungodly offspring of The Lorax and The Creature From The Black Lagoon. And if that doesn't pique your interest, I don't think anything will.
To my dear Michelle who can handle things I cannot even imagine. Please give Michelle a quick peek if you aren't familiar with her blog. She can be found The Zoromski Chronicles.
It seemed so natural to have Brielle here that first night. We showed her her room, introduced her to Leila, and let her play with her sisters. She is sleeping in a pack n play in our room. The first two nights, the girls slept in our bed too...which probably didn't help the jetlag! Nothing like having a snack and singing Ringing Around the Rosie at 3am. :)
Moreover, Grand County leaders are negotiating with Northern for enhanced funding for river restoration projects—including a needed bypass around Windy Gap Reservoir to improve Colorado River habitat—and additional water for use in Grand County to boost flows and river health. Grand County is also promoting an agreement to release water for endangered fish in the downstream Colorado River out of Granby Reservoir – thereby benefiting the Colorado through miles of key trout habitat – instead of releases solely from Ruedi Reservoir, as has been done in the past.
That said, the Mac OSX platform is a powerful operating system with a great deal of flexibility. I can “tinker” here too. I’ve already had to do so, just a little, to, say, keep my IRC logs ‘backed up’ to my Dropbox folder. I used a sync program; the same program I have used on my PC for the past two years, in fact. That said, I could rely more on an external hard drive and Time Machine to keep my data backed up, and it would do so marvelously… but to get this information into the “cloud” via Dropbox? I had to find a more involved solution. iCloud offered no joy, and really, should it? My goal here was to work with a 3rd-party app, Linkinus 2, and another 3rd-party app, Dropbox. Whenever you start to do something like that, you get into “power user” territory — it doesn’t matter if you’re “PC” or “Mac.”
I am so grateful for this opportunity and I look forward to creating projects with their wonderful products. Visit their blog at "JustRite Inspiration" for more information on their May Release and to see this announcement.
This astonishing castle, built on a hill of stone that is roughly 820ft high, was built by the Arabs in 720. The castle provides an authentic insight into the history and culture that is key to the region of Córdoba. In it´s history it has been in the possession of Iberians, Romans, Muslims and Christians, each of them having left their own individual stamp on this extravagant castle. Castillo de Almodóvar, to me, serves as a reminder of this regions unique culture and highlights how it has been heavily influenced by other cultures throughout the centuries.
I made breakfast Thursday morning, and stood back to see if the kids would eat up or decline said breakfast favorites. I've seen enough horror shows to know the key to survival is sussing out when your pal is infected and Zombie-bound, and I've had the stomach flu enough times to know that I wasn't about to begin a 2 hour drive with would be Zombies/Vomiteers if I could help it.
But over all, despite some bumps that like to show up every now and then, I'd recommend this to anyone that ever like the pokemon games, or to people that want to see what all the fuss is about.
I wrote it on parchment, using my calligraphy pens, rolled it up and tied it with a red ribbon. And, yes, I gave it to him.
"As sure as that's a pistol in your pocket. I'm sick of this."
Will my knight in shining armor come wisk me away? (highly unlikely)
We are One.
Here’s the obvious corollary: manage the firm properly and there is no crisis to manage.
AfriForum's head of community safety, Nantes Kelder, told a court that they had received numerous complaints from concerned parents regarding the public service strike.
While the crust is chilling, preheat the oven to 350 F. Bake the crust for about 20 minutes, or until golden brown.
Substantial if not overwhelming crowds--well over 100 people--lined up for Nets' merchandise outside Modell's (below right photo) and on the Atlantic Terminal plaza (bottom video) to buy season tickets--before either of the lines actually moved. (The line at Modell's was goosed by the promise of ticket vouchers for the first 100 people to the opening game next season, as noted in the Daily News.)
As Heidi Cullen writes in The Weather of the Future: Heat Waves, Extreme Storms, and Other Scenes from a Climate-Changed Planet, there is something inherently difficult in comprehending the scale of climate change—what effects it might have, what systems it might interrupt or ruin. She thus imports lessons from cognitive psychology to understand what it is about climate change that keeps it so widely misinterpreted (though a hefty dose of media criticism, I'd argue, is far more apropos). It is interesting, then, in light of the apparent incomprehensibility of climate change, that fictional scenarios have become so popular a means of explaining and illustrating what Cullen calls our "climate-changed planet."
Vanessa and Justine are sisters. They spend every summer at Winter Harbor with their family. Vanessa is scared of everything and Justine is fearless. Then one night everything goes wrong; Justine gets in a fight with their mother and storms out of the cabin...the next day she is dead. Two weeks after Justine's death Vanessa can't help but feel something isn't right. She journeys back to Winter Harbor to confront Justine's boyfriend about what really happened that night. Little does Vanessa know that she is going to be entagled in doings beyond her wildest imaginings.
The reason why I insist on a little history before the revealing of a Catalan gem is so that you can understand truly the pride in anything Catalan. And Monsterrat is one of them.
The other day Kenzie and I were searching for her lost shoe. Logically she attempted to solve the problem: "I bet the computer knows where my shoe is" So we Googled, "Where is Kenzie's shoe?" No answer. I had to teach her a vital lesson. Google doesn't have all the answers. There isn't a little man living inside the computer who cares and knows about every little move we make. Although I think a lot of us like to pretend there is or at least act like there is.
The name of the process is Birth into Being, described as ”Limbic system re-programming”, and the idea is that we change long-held patterns and emotional responses. We did it at The Pot, where a wide variety of healing or pleasureable activities, spiritual, emotional and physical take place. Richard Vojik assisted. Thank you.
I know. Another Guinness. Hey we were in Dublin, give me a break. And as this little series is chronological, you will probably see a few more before we head to London. Get used to it.
it waits, it seethes, it hungers.
Even tho i was hurting so much inside and wanted to pull him to me as much as i could. Instead i would push him far far away…………
Ignorant to such factors, Lawton dribbles that after a year, Guardiola may realise his folly, see that he had it easy and return ‘perhaps after the signing of someone like Robin van Persie’ has equipped Barcelona with a renewed bite. Now, van Persie is a fine player enjoying an outstanding season, though quite how the presence of a 30 year-old forward who may well fit into Barcelona’s system with all the ease of Zlatan Ibrahimovic (who along with Dmytro Chygrynskyi represents a rare error of judgement from Guardiola) would precipitate a return is puzzling. Then again, as the Premier League’s Player of the Season, Barcelona must want van Persie, mustn’t they? An inability to understand that only in the correct system can talent truly flourish is a common failing of Lawson’s persuasion. Touré is often deemed a higher talent than Busquets, the fact that with regard to the fluency Barcelona’s system he certainly is not is routinely overlooked. Besides, he just isn’t. Pedro’s ousting of Henry offers a further illustrative example.
caught in recollection
Oh God, I think I am going to be sick.
Ghee or butter – to smear the 6-inch rimmed plate
“Of course she did,” Carol muttered with a groan. “Because it would be too convenient for me if she had them up here.” She stood, balancing on one foot while she stretched her left arm for the bright blue cane leaning against her desk.
Then I bump into Alex Petty (of the Edinburgh Free Festival) and Bob Slayer. Alex also arrived in Perth this afternoon, but from the UK, so he is significantly more jet-lagged than me. Bob looks like a man who has been here since he was deported for stealing bread and is none too happy about it. I later learn from Alex that Bob has been banished from the Fringe World Festival Perth (FWFP) and has had all his shows cancelled. I try to talk to him about it, but all I get out of him are animal noises.
My only worries? It is half the price of other stocks and I worry about quality that that might reflect. Reviews of it usually reflect how hard it is to fit it, but that's it.
And speaking of too much fun...
One time, he wrote that he couldn’t sleep and I felt so bad for him. So I wrote, don’t think about where you are, think about where you want to be. And he was so cute, he said xaxaxaxaxa. I think that means like, love and kisses. Then someone else from Greece put the same thing. I didn’t realize that other people were listening in on our conversation. How rude.
God's calling on my life
6) I have been working from home since
At the state level, the National Governor’s Association has introduced the Streamlined Sales Tax Project (SSTP) for the purpose of establishing a “national collection center” to monitor and audit your Internet purchases. All your personal information and Internet shopping choices would be administered by “a trusted third party” or government body. An alternative would enable to subscribe to a national “cartel” tax collection system. It is unconstitution.
Just like the beginning, the ending of a huge project is murderous. You stare at the remaining space to be filled, or the problems left to be done, and they loom huge and intimidating. If you are prone to giving up at the end, save yourself a little something for the end as well. Maybe it is just reviewing the work or re-formatting the paper, but there is bound to be something light that you can use to keep yourself going at the end.
When my late paternal Grandma left China for Borneo 100 years ago, she brought two things. A marble coffee-shop style marble table and a Chinese tea pot with a paper mache cosy. She also brought a slave,. This slave was given to her by her parents to serve her in any way she liked. This was an era when the paternalistic Chinese society when males were superior to the useless girl.Grandma returned to China before the World War two.
I took it up the stairs to my kitchen, took this picture, and promptly trimmed and sliced it into shreds. Then I mixed some cream and malt vinegar in a large bowl, seasoned it with salt, pepper, and celery seed to make a dressing, tossed in the cabbage, added a grated carrot, and we had the best Classic Creamy Cole Slaw you can imagine.
Are you interested in trying the Bodyrock TV Fitness Challenge with GM and me?
While searching around online I ran across a site called the Chic Fashionista, which had a list of wardrobe essentials including a check list. While I know I won't go off this exactly, it was interesting to read. You can find it here.
Later I found out it was called a bald uakari, and it only existed in patches of Peru and Brazil (pun not intended). Their numbers are declining thanks to the usual culprits of hunting and habitat loss. Luckily for us this little guy didn’t hold grudges and was quite friendly, if a little shy. While he was happy for me to take photos, he never looked directly at the camera.
MARVELLOUS!!!
However, all that being said, the initial batch of the Aakash 2 tablets will be received by students pursuing their education in higher technical education institutions, so as to get a proper technical feedback on the device’s operation and usability. The minister further revealed that making the tablet available to students from lower strata of the society would require funds, as part of the National Mission of Education through ICT for Schools, while adding that once the production gained momentum, distribution norms will develop.
Not only is there a great deal of information available about plant work in progress (specifically pdf files describing steam generators) there's also a plant status box which will show status in real time. There's even a link to a version of the site in Spanish, which is a great touch.
Queen Bicycle race UK
How did you know he is "the one"? Do you have a special story of how your relationship began and how it led to a proposal? Then here is your chance to win a $1,000 wedding dress for your big day!
It has been awesome! They love doing their jobs. I haven't had to remind Porter to practice his piano. And this morning they were arguing about who was going to take out the garbage for an extra job. Never thought that would happen.
BAD STUFF: Sloooooooooooow drama. Loooooooooong and sloooooow. It was actually supposed to be 20 minutes longer. Wow.
With the situation of Junie's mother being brought up constantly throughout the novel, I began to feel incredibly emotionally involved in Junie's story. Having someone she loved going through something difficult and feeling like she was at the point of being dragged down with them was certainly tough, and Carrie Mac did a wonderful job bringing out those incredibly realistic emotions.
I made a lap quilt for my husband with a bold Monkey Wrench on one side (purple, orange, and lime green!), and a simple framed-square pattern on the reverse with lots of dark blues and greens, in case the MW side was too wild for him. Turns out he likes the bright, bold side better.
and double oil prices
If you've been disappointed when your powder eye shadow creases and slides before lunch or your foundation looks lined and caked, understanding the characteristics of your skin and purchasing appropriate cosmetics for your skin type is a worthwhile exercise. Here are some tips to help you look your best.
Brendan Behan’s new play or Le Balcon or Les Nègres
So, working with the pool of data I do have -- 10 books in Select through Steel Magnolia Press, which is admittedly quite a small pool but is perhaps better than what many indies are armed with -- I charted how many downloads it took to reach a given range of Top 200 ranks during each month in 2012.
I’m sure I could use good chocolate for this but I just wouldn’t have much use for it other than for making mochas so I prefer the instant hot cocoa mixes. What’s great about this recipe is that it’s super simple, though to be honest I took pictures this morning before I’d had any coffee (hey, the mocha was gonna be my coffee!) and I very nearly forgot the cocoa mix…oops! What’s a raspberry mocha without the mocha?! That’s what I get for trying to think before my morning coffee ;-) Enough rambling, on to the recipe, shall we?
An entire movie theater cheered the violent death of a 15 year-old girl. The idea in and of itself is repulsive. We are not supposed to cheer for the death of children. This fact was one of the main points of the source material. Yet this fact was largely missed by hundreds of rabid fans who were hungry for blood. This fact was missed by hundreds of people who forgot their own populist notions. They forgot that like Katniss, Rue and Thresh, Clove, yes even Clove, is one of us. She is a tribute. She has a 1 in 24 chance of surviving and the fact that tributes from her district receive a lifetime of training doesn’t change the fact that she, like all of the other kids, has been sent there to die.
Well, this week, I've got the button - actually, I have a LOT of buttons thanks to the Build-a-Flower die cut set now available from Clear and Simple Stamps.
RSC
First of all, as soon as I plunged into the world of cloth diapers, I found that the various manufacturers have come up with very *interesting* names. Every time my husband came in while I was researching, he would leave chuckling -- and no wonder! Here are a few of the more amusing ones:
In retrospect I also see that she was wanting me to do things that would "make it all ok." It started with- if I could have magically fixed it so that the dolphins could have splashed her, if I could promise her that next time we went to the zoo she'd get splashed, if we could come back tomorrow so that she'd get splashed then, if, if, if, if!!! When I could not make her dolphin experience any different then it was, those "ifs" morphed into- if I bought more tickets, if I bought more ice cream, if we went on all the rides again, THEN things would be fine....
All categories are rated from 1 (lousy) to 5 (excellent).
The ANC has reacted to this denouement by trying to rein in the press and by frantic attempts to plug the damaging leaks which emanate regularly from its own ranks due to the exigencies of factional warfare. Gwede Matashe, the party's Secretary-General, frantically berates the "agents" and "fifth columnists" in the party's ranks who are "selling secrets". He even waxes indignant that press reports quickly appear with accounts of meetings of the party's "top six" officials - without, apparently, realising that this means that some within the top six are themselves leaking information. Naturally, Mantashe regards all this with the usual ANC paranoia, apparently oblivious of the fact that this is how all parties in democratic societies behave.
1 tablespoon cinnamon
In all honesty, I didn't do any research. I've studied history in the past so I could add certain elements of historical accuracy I suppose; but the reason I set it in a completely new world was because it gave me the flexibility to do what I wanted. I don't find those kind of details important. For me, a good book focuses of people and situations that echo with me on a personal/emotional level. I don't care if the details about the time they are in are accurate. I'm not going to read a battle scene for example and criticise the book because the wrong sort of sword was used.
But anyway — this whole $5 ATM card thing is a great example of entitlement-based bellyaching. As a customer, if you don’t like it, you can take your money elsewhere. (For now.) And you should. Go to a credit union. Go somewhere else. Don’t use Bank Of America if you don’t like their fee structures. IT’S YOUR MONEY. YOU control how it exists in the system. If you have to pay $5 to do things the way you want to do them, and that is unacceptable to you — then YOU need to change.
He's very cute.
(Professor Rashib uses his cane to point at another sheet of paper on the floor, which has letters written on it. The sisters begin to write. After a while, the professor looks at Anwaar’s work.)
On-line poker has grow to be one of the vital fashionable games on-line within the current instances, and there are a large number of people who like to play the game. Although one can play on-line poker on numerous websites, Absolute Poker is undoubtedly probably the most fashionable ones. Going by figures and statistics out there, the location has the maximum quantity of visitors and because the web site is open to US members, there’s an excessive amount of site visitors on the site.
Please don't think I'm having second thoughts. Just pensive that's all. We are the new pilgrims aboard a metaphorical "Mayflower" - bound for a new life in a new world - Blogland - where all of our dreams will surely come true and we can live in peace like our new national anthem says - "far far away from the mad rushing crowd."
“awake”.
The little boy some might refer to as a "Handful".......
The case of Mr. Mumford is one that should caution us about throwing the word "treason" around casually -- lest we look as shrill, mendacious, and mentally unsound as Ann Coulter. Treason is a capital crime, and the act of tearing down a U.S. flag, even during the Civil War, strikes me as not quite so treasonous as actually taking up arms and trying to kill Americans, or ordering others to do so, to preserve slavery. (Yes, yes, I'm being a little contentious -- I'm familiar with the States' Rights argument, it just has never seemed more than a way of dressing up the desire of states to preserve their perceived right to allow slavery.)
“The new judges will mark the end of the era in which the court has been annulling the reform laws proposed by the government of VMRO DPMNE,” said Aleksandar Nikolovski, a legislator from the ruling party.
Haven't taken any pictures of them yet... but they will be coming.
I'm keeping this updated so keep checking back if you want anything!
They are also situated close to the beach play park, skate park and brand-new picnic area all of which in nice weather attract families to the town.
But losing your job, and then inevitably your house, is hardly a minor annoyance. The EUrabians have made a major tactical error here. They have awoken a sleeping giant.
Abi Morgan (The Iron Lady, Shame) wrote the adapted screenplay. Stewart Mackinnon, Gabrielle Tana, Christian Baute, and Carolyn Marks Blackwood are producing. WestEnd Films is co-financing, with Lionsgate distributing in the U.K.
Joel Ann Chandler has operated the Mauldin Open-Air Market on Butler Road for 30 years.
In the last two days we’ve seen three potential elimination games. Only one of those games resulted in an elimination with the Phoenix Coyotes, for once, building on a third period lead instead of squandering it. They take that series against the Chicago Blackhawks, 4-2, also known as exactly what I predicted.
Quality store-bought salsa
Jose is supposed to be Mexican according to the book. He also has an affinity for tequila and tries to take advantage of his friend Ana when she’s drunk. Every other line he has is, “Ay Dios Mio Ana!” No, Ms. James does not play into stereotypes. At all. Nobody plays a better cholo than Lou Diamond Phillips. Nobody. Also, he’s Hollywood’s go to when they need to fill in role of Hispanic person. Young Guns, La Bamba, the list goes on so I won’t. Just imdb him.
Ten Mile
We're all alike,
who will read from their latest short fiction collections from Arlen House
So, you say you don’t know a guy who strode quickly into the limelight in 2004, wrote two best-selling books spilling his guts on his hopes and dreams as an American for a better and stronger America. Seriously, man, whose fault is it that you didn’t bother to check him out?
Finally, I’d like to turn to some examples of publishers who are creatively exploiting the opportunities now available to them. And example No1 is dead easy. We’re in the room with it. O’Reilly (recently re-branded O’Reilly Media) is a brilliant example of how a publisher can use its content strengths to become a pivotal member of a community of interest.
So then then he started, you need to pay for this, you need to pay for that. I already knew I was going to have to pay for them. They were the tickets for my daughter and me to see a ballet, the gasoline for our recent trip, and the books that I bought on the trip. And my wonderful massage. I already knew I was going to have to pay for them.
The final blog which I selected to include is the one in which I discuss River Monsters, the piece titled One Crazy Brit with a Big Rod: Monsters on the Line?. The title is intentionally attention-grabbing, in the hopes that someone would stumble upon it and feel obligated to check it out. In editing, I updated the blog to include more visuals and also changed the title to reflect my topic more accurately. This blog was the one in which I had the most to say about the industry itself, specifically the tendency of some programs to exaggerate certain concepts in order to make them more appealing to the audience. In the case of River Monsters this took the form of the premise, which exaggerates the hosts’ quest as a search for true monsters of legend rather than simply letting it live as a truly exciting fishing show. Essentially, I recommended dropping the monster of the week premise and simply letting it be what it is: a damn interesting show about a British guy who catches ridiculously big fish.
Amen! Kudos to Ruth and Stacey for posting Jane Yolen's quote about exercising the writing muscle. I am currently experiencing an uneventful Saturday. Don't get me wrong, I am content with a weekend day that will not require another weekend to recover. On the downside though, an uneventful day doesn't exactly fill my mind with things to write about, and I always feel some level of pressure to create a slice that will entice at least a few readers. Anyway, back to my point. Jane Yolen's words of wisdom allowed me to relax and not worry so much that I do not have something incredibly interesting to write about. Sometimes, writing about not having anything to write about is still a way to exercise my writing muscles! (My students do it all the time.) I'll be sure to add some intensity to my writing workout tomorrow.
I had a lot of worries going into this film, even as I was excited about it. I was worried that it would fall into the same trap as the X-Men movies, which have far too many main characters to be satisfying as stories (even the one that's supposed to just be about Wolverine). I was worried it would fall into the same trap as most summer action events and just be too hollow--too concerned with being cool to worry about being human. But Whedon--Joss Whedon, of all people, to my total surprise--gets it exactly right. The Avengers isn't a movie about superheroes who do cool things, it's about people who are also superheroes. It's mythmaking at its finest, and it manages to do it without being precious or apologizing for what it is. And it's amazing. It's clever, it's funny, it's exciting, and it earns its emotions. It reminds me of every reason I ever loved comics in the first place. And it's the first movie I've seen in years that made me want to run right back out and see it again.
I have major trust issues.
Marcus: Emperor? oh HAYELL NO... that's KING Varian you ignorant mouthbreathing baboons!"
This is my first post on WordPress.com so let me make a quick introduction and the do a breakdown of what my strategy is going to be on here. Even though technically I’m an LLC I am going to be posting in first-person and reserve the royal we for what you and I can do together and help accomplish. I am a new breed of company and so I thought it would be fun to anthropomorphize myself. So while I can never truly become human you can follow along with me just like Trolley as we journey to Embelyon.
It’s a strange balance this challenge. The goal is to reveal through trial and error, writing, and bringing the songs through the birth canal, which aspects can be prompted (I don’t want to say forced) by being persistent, and which ones are out of your control and should not be forced. I don’t have an answer. Maybe I never will.
This is the final list I’m going to post of great books to give this holiday season. You can't give more enchantment for less. The Fiction Writers Co-Op—53 authors of distinguished, award-winning, and best-selling fiction—recommend:
She never begs, she knows how to choose them"
And no, it's not just that it looks bad in the still. It's just as awful in the video of the Romneys awkward interview. Come to think of it, if they really wanted to convince the public that Mitt is actually wild and crazy underneath that stiff demeanor, maybe he should have worn it. Thinking it would have looked better on him.
1. Last night Scott had to wake him up to give him a prescription suppository to help with his puking... we told him we were going to give him medicine, Scott did the dirty work and Joel says in a distraught voice, "Medicine goes in the mouth Dada!!"
opting for the ten thousand
And this book is written in a very particular style. The book jumps all over the place, from one storyline to another, with a lot of information, much of which just seems for our education or amusement. Again, you can look at a recent review here of a book that had a similar 'confusing' storyline, and let that time it totally worked. Here it did not. For me, it never came together.
Our foe advancing, steadily getting the best of it, push’d us back to
In this present life we will encounter trials and difficulties. We can face them alone or we can follow Jesus, the true shepherd, who will bring us safely through every difficulty to the place of peace and security with God. Do you listen to the voice of the Good Shepherd and heed his commands?
crystal clear because I lived them too.
This book comprises a deadpan diary-style account of a year in the life of the narrator, a not especially successful author who finds himself writing publicity material for firms in the oil and gas industry, having his job on a magazine downsized, going to readings where everything that is read is declared excellent. I think that the interest comes from the way that Danilov doesn’t tell us the kind of things you might expect in such a memoir, so the whole weight of literary expectation presses through the words we actually see on the page.
because, cousin, in his mind
Anyhow, if you are a big Boden fan, and you ordered from the Summer Preview, you should have started receiving the items in the mail in the past week or so. Most of what I ordered was for the kids (and they love it all, even Angus gave a "coo"), but there are a few Momma items interspersed. I received the Alfresco top on Monday and immediately tried it on. Like the plait trim top (reviewed here and here), it was love. I knew I would wear it right away, and had my chance yesterday (we had CW's dance class, with me bringing all 3 kids, I needed super comfy, flexible pieces).
I know, right?!!!
And those that stood and fought until the end,
My boys in front of the Nordic rental center at Snoqualmie.
The one saving factor I see so far is the effect of falling oil prices once again. Getting fuel prices lower may keep this from becoming a perfect storm event. This time.
"The difference between being slipped a Mickey Finn and a Mickey Katz is that you get knocked out in different ways. And in the latter case you keep coming back for more. Well, here's that more: a long playing, high fidelity "mitzeah."
Steven L. Howell, 36, New York, N.Y.
For my layout I used a photo of my brother and me, taken at the Garden of the Gods Park in Colorado Springs, CO in 1972. If you click on the layout to enlarge it, you just might be able to see us. We look like ants standing in front of one of the giant red rock formations.
(see how differently they appear in each picture?)
Sometimes......I feel a little isolated staying at home so much with my kiddos
1. Wiping spills
Laser therapy – This involves the use of a laser to kill your warts.
We look forward to one more morning of south wind, then north winds kick in for the weekend.
The collapse of the British empire is a fascinating story in its own right, but it’s also an object lesson of great importance just now. That collapse opened a window of opportunity through which several nations tried to climb, and the one that succeeded is today’s dominant imperial power, the United States of America. Understand Britain’s imperial sunset, and the broader patterns by which empires overshoot their economic basis and go under, and you understand one of the most important and least anticipated facts of the decades ahead of us—the parallel collapse of the American empire, and the struggle to replace it. We’ll explore that in outline next week.
While he may subscribe to this historically inaccurate perspective, Glasman is in fact unique in being the only leftist to openly accept the true crises of the English in the modern age – not over identity, but over governance and denied nationhood.
Well, we've taken our cue from the age and style of the home to create the second option. The second option involves some additional sheet goods, hardware, and paint. Oh, and more labor! Not a problem for a veteran DIYer, right?
- A local rabbi has joined the US Army as a chaplain, which was newsworthy because the Army allowed him to keep his beard after a lawsuit (the Armed Forces have done the same for Sikh and Muslim chaplains).
Ginger (half a thumb)
10-16-11
Lets get started. I have made Risotto before but always feel overwhelmed when I make Risotto for some reason. I think because Risotto is such a time consuming process, oh well here it goes!
Hey everybody! How are you all doing? We have been busy getting ready for Madeleine's Confirmation. There will be 20 young people getting confirmed on Sunday in our Lutheran Church. She had her questioning last night. The pastor asked all of them 200 questions regarding the faith, and they all did very well. Confirmation occurs on Sunday at 10:30. We will have family there and over afterwards. This is where the busyness comes in. Yes, the children and I have been crawling over the lawns, front and back, pulling dandelion weeds. Brian says this is completely unnecessary. Well, I like a clean, neat appearance! I have planted some too.
I feel myself going, losing my ground, but I run upstairs and I'm late for work and so ashamed because I haven't been in for a few days with no excuse and I'm just waiting on getting reamed out, waiting on getting fired. And the computer monitor is humming at me, is strobing yellow and red and I'm in an ocean-front hotel room and the giant wave is coming and I don't know how to avoid it, don't know why no one is not running away. They're all staring at me. And the wave is coming.
this is only the second time it has happened - a movie so completely brilliant that I felt compulsed to watch it over and over again every day. some scenes many many times in a row.
In any case, Straw did not apologise to the Muslim women who made him feel uncomfortable. He really said sorry to his Muslim constituents, as well as to the Islamists and far leftists who milked this infinitesimal misdemeanour. They demanded that Straw eat a lot of humble pie. They demanded yet another victim of Islamism.
Responding to this need, a Mobility Enhancement Package (MEP) has been developed for the M5, installing two Rolls Royce T45/98 anti-grav engines, along with a replacement pack for the vehicle's molecular softpack to recalibrate for anti-grav mobility. The vehicle's engine and wheels are removed, replaced by grav plates and an anti-grav engine, which clip over existing components. Although at a top speed of 95 kph the enhanced vehicle is not vastly faster than the traditional tracked version, the speed edge is often enough to be tactically meaningful, and the MEP variant can maintain its top speed across all terrain for much longer periods than can the tracked vehicle. Anti-grav drive also provides key tactical advantages, for instance being able to achieve an altitude of 10m AGL for brief periods during engagements.
Vlastimil peeked in the window and flipped. He tried to hit me with a bottle of pickles.
TV ANNOUNCER
I saw a young lady wearing a Led Zeppelin t-shirt and I couldn't help but chuckle. She was my (adopted) daughter's age. Maybe a year or two younger, which would have her chasing the end of her teenage years.
Some entrepreneurs purchase toll free phone numbers from Phone.com to address these issues. However, sometimes you just can’t be in the office all day to take calls. That’s where Phone.com Mobile Office comes in.
You thought the last government neglected you…
Solving the mystery of declining crime is beyond me and beyond most of the experts. Improved methods of policing and community organizing may play a part, as suggested by David M. Kennedy’s book Don’t Shoot: One Man, a Street Fellowship, and the End of Violence in Inner City America. My own intuition is that American society regained some kind of equilibrium that was lost during the grinding crisis of deindustrialization and the abandonment of cities after World War II—the real reasons why the Bronx was burning in 1978. Communities were demolished, jobs were lost, and cities’ coffers were emptied. A lot of people got hurt and a good deal of disorder resulted, whether the windows were broken or not.
Estrogen/Estradiol – Female hormones from pregnant mares urine. Considered a drug. Can have harmful systemic effects if used by children. Used for reproductive problems and in birth control pills and Premarin, a menopausal drug. In creams, perfumes, and lotions. Has a negligible effect in the creams as a skin restorative; simple vegetable-source emollients are considered better. Alternatives: oral contraceptives and menopausal drugs based on synthetic steroids or phytoestrogens (from plants, especially palm-kernel oil). Menopausal symptoms can also be treated with diet and herbs.
1. Trying BIG new things which necessitate one jumping feet first into the OMIGOSH-I-HAVEN'T-EVER-NEVER-THOUGHT-I-COULD-DIDN'T-THINK-I-EVER-WOULD-BUT-I'M-GONNA-DO-IT-ANYWAY-OMIGOSH pool. It's deep in here, and I like it.
Seriously, though, I just loved these gals but believe me when I tell you that five hours with professional shoppers is way too much for a tightwad like me. I don't shop; I "shop."
The first is that the fossil record is still largely undiscovered and the second is that the fish’s shape is a result of the evolution to fill an empty niche in the mass-extinction towards the end of the Permian Period around 250 million years ago.
Some outfits are Shocking
I think we would have checked at least
Shiloh Walker, IF YOU HEAR HER
"You hear that?" He turned around in his seat. "My own wife!"
I could hear a hint of anxiety in her voice. "What's up, baby? You can tell me anything."
Oh Shit. SHIT
09. La golondrina 1964
