When I taught in the classroom we loved conversations about books and reading. We discussed what books give us, what they do for us, those we like and why, those we dislike and why. Students not only discussed these topics as a class group, but they wrote to me in letter journals about their books and delights or struggles.
I can run but I can't hide
~ Review my new children’s book Miss Mandy Manners on your blog and leave a link to your site. Limited Review copies available. Contact michelleaberg@hotmail.com (2 entries)
In 1997, Sharma Kooky, a Uganda of Indian decent tortured and brutally killed his wife by electrocuting her. After the murder Kooky hasted to cremate the body to hide evidence but was stopped by authorities. Women activists also rose up in arms and ensured that justice was done at the time – in 2000. The High Court convicted Kooky of the murder and was sentenced to death. Twelve years down the road, the Uganda Women Movement is shocked at Kooky receiving Presidential pardon on humanitarian grounds and he is now a free man. According to the Constitution of Uganda under article 121 through the advisory committee on the prerogative of mercy, the president is mandated to exercise his rights to release prisoners. Unfortunately the decision of the State cannot be questioned!
…the fears of my mother came
Little known fact: I have a life-size Winnie the Pooh stuffed animal that I’ve had since I was seven. My parents bought it to replace the one I usurped from my sister during our younger years. If I’m having a particularly awful day, sometimes I’ll fall asleep with The Heffalump Movie playing on my computer. The background on my iPhone is of the 100 Acre Woods. I get all chocked up when watching Winnie the Pooh: A Valentine for You. (At the end… when Pooh decides not to try to cure Christopher Robin’s smitten condition because he see’s that Christopher Robin is happy. So. Beautiful.)
LH Blackjack Porter
Please watch this short film, if you haven’t already. It’s sure to melt you heart and have you believing anything is possible with a good dose of imagination and ingenuity.
Making the universe twenty percent less massive
The rest of the line is a well edited collection of basics, of the highest quality. (and the highest price!) Some of my favorites are:
10. This Is Home
I took something like 400-500 pictures, will make a selection and write more about what I’ve seen and done.
C: The Psycho Era ( Early 60's)
WG: That's more than I thought it would be
The good thing about the Velibs is you can ride them up on the sidewalk (given there aren't many pedestrians) to navigate around pesky traffic jams ("bouchons").
Annabella Is there something you haven`t tried yet that you would love to do?
7. The man snake looks fucking creepy and rad, even though he's sad because he's in the freak show.
Fri 11/21 Monterey, MEX Café Iguana
(i) “offensive” means anything that hurts any person or group on the basis of such person’s or group’s personal likes or dislikes
July 8 - Roberts Blossom, actor ("Home Alone"), 87
Let me say this upfront: I think it’s great if employers want to support their employees’ access to varied food choices, safe movement options that they enjoy etc. I do not think it’s ok for an employer to force their idea of health or healthy habits onto employees.
Bisognano: And to them, I’d say that’s precisely why hypertension’s been nicknamed “the silent killer.” Most people with high blood pressure feel fine, even great, most of the time. But that doesn’t mean active damage isn’t occurring.
Let me count the ways! Hmm… there’re too many to count! But let me give you one. My editor keeps taking out similes in my manuscript – she tells me I have too many, and she’s right. I blame this on my English teacher in secondary school who used to scream “Similes! I want more similes!”
Land Speeders can Deep Strike, which means that they can drop and get an “alpha” shot (that is, shoot before getting shot at.) As vehicles, that also can’t get bogged down in combat, lashed, or fall back. As vehicles, they also have natural resilience from being destroyed. As a skimmer, they are slightly more mobile than the Attack Bike.
- 4g easy blend yeast
I have just picked some examples to better illustrate the functionality which Smart TV has to offer:
House Specialty Tofu and hairy gourd, RM28
If you can dream—and not make dreams your master; If you can think—and not make thoughts your aim, If you can meet with Triumph and Disaster And treat those two impostors just the same:. If you can bear to hear the truth you’ve spoken Twisted by knaves to make a trap for fools, Or watch the things you gave your life to, broken, And stoop and build’em up with worn-out tools;
Restrictions on temple entry average as high as 64%, ranging from 47% in Uttar Pradesh to 94% in Karnataka. In 48.9% of the surveyed villages, Dalits are barred from access to the cremation grounds.
"It takes some courage to get back on the bike," I told Sam as he strapped on his helmet.
Enchant the land with amethyst.
birds were passing between us carrying
5. State of Love and Trust
"I want to read it because it is new. I need to read it because it is new." (p. 61)
NOTE: Because my chops were 2" thick, I covered the pan and allowed these to poach/cook for about 18 minutes.
Receipt of Work
the city
Stills for the movie Bandage (a.k.a. Love 911) dropped today, and Go Soo‘s in a fireman’s uniform. I didn’t think I would dig guys in uniforms, but seeing firefighters and EMTs in person quickly changed my mind. They’re a hot piece of yum.
(but only after a few tweaks)
PS 2) Thanks to @ tinathem which briefed me on the hat4uk!
I have made you and I will carry you;
insurance (or its graded premium whole life equivalent). Rampant replacement activity
Tonight we're painting the master bedroom cause the new bed is getting delivered tomorrow.
So our goal of losing 30 pounds by Logan’s birthday (in July)…we are pretty much half way there and only in one months worth of time! I thought that I would have more time for the gym but it’s been so busy at work lately with the wedding season swinging in full gear so I’m now only going to the gym once a week…but I am still doing the Body Back Program for moms. I’m so glad that I started the program with them, everyone is really nice and I love meeting new people. I’m definitely signing up for the next session that starts in May. I can tell you one thing….all the mom’s in that group look fabulous…and they can all probably kick my butt. I’m still the last one to finish all the drills….but I know that I am getting stronger every class =) There’s not one day where I’m not sore…and I have soreness in places I didn’t even know muscles exist! I can’t wait to see where Jay and I are at the end of April!
Son in law does not speak a lot of French, he has two children that go to schools out here and they obviously are learning the language.
I tend to find lots of creative inspiration everywhere!
Do Nier’s occasionally-clunky mechanics and sometimes-repetitive gameplay make it a “bad” title? Absolutely not. They may, however, put off the less patient players out there — and that’s fine. Those who stick with it will find themselves enjoying a surprisingly creative adventure, while those who chose to forgo the game’s hidden charms and depths for whatever reason doubtless have plenty of other things they’d like to spend their time playing.
Although I'm not complaining, Greenwich strangely appear to be having this 'local tourist' thing in Eltham alone in the borough this year (unless I'm mistaken?). Some geographical confusion was noted last year with the event - wonder why Eltham alone, when there are loads of other places of interest around the borough? Anyways...
Heather Barr, an Afghanistan researcher for New York-based Human Rights Watch, said: ‘It sends a really frightening message that women can expect to get sold out in this process.’
Retired NBA player Luc Longley is here in the country for Jr. NBA and NBA cares. My knowledge in basketball is very limited but Patrick is beside himself with excitement about Longley’s visit. This 7’2″ guy played center for three championship teams of the Chicago Bulls in the 90s. He is the first Aussie ever to make it to the NBA.
This leads to another decision: I must stitch more smaller projects in between stitching the larger ones. That way, I will still get the satisfaction of a finish which should then inspire me to continue to the end of a larger project. Fingers crossed....
So what do you think? Will President Obama nuke the object?
I know that's never happened in your world.
Other than me,
mention a few. The interesting fact is physical activity is only about 20% of
not lost since the bosses no longer order about
The thing is most books give me the whole package: great story, character arc, written well, voice, but some stories, especially second and third books in a series, tend to lose a little. Now, I'm not saying it's easy to write this so I'm not judging because I'm sure my stuff is probably not up to par, but I will read a second or third book just for a secondary character. I'm totally guilty of this. I find myself skipping parts just to find their name and read their scene.
The TUC has calculated that an eighty year old pensioner on the average public sector pension of £5,500 who has been retired for twenty years would now have a pension of £4,845 a year - 12 per cent or £655 less - if CPI uprating had been in force since their retirement. A public service pensioner who has been retired for ten years would now have a pension 8.4 per cent lower.
But the Lord doesn’t care for our preferences
o Speak to students about the harm caused by cyberbullying. Remember: Cyberbullying that occurs away from school can affect how students behave and relate to each other at school.
And I drove down here and my parents were furious.
The Psalmist penned this in Psalm 37:5,7.
terrorist to obtain information, know this:
After setting up camp we went for a short hike (Igor for some reason didn’t want to do it). In essence there weren’t many places to hike around there – it was all wilderness without trails. There was just one short trail leading through a rather swampy forest towards wide braided Denali river. Upon reaching the river Balder decided to take a mud full body massage.
1c. semi-sweet chocolate chips
So, I compiled a list of the top five worst things ever to be aired on Kenyan TV, so without further ado, ladies and gentlemen, drum rolls….
When we got home, I got the news that I had been voted in as the SSA Houston’s Chapter Coordinator for 2012/2013 winning the election with 71% of the votes. I’m both nervous and excited about taking over this position. It’s possible that I’m the youngest person to ever hold this position in Houston – not sure if that works in my favour or not!
Designshed Ireland will be business as usual in Blackrock for the weekend but we are also taking a small stand at the holistic fair in the red cow on the 18th of September.
Keep Credit cards Handy to have a wonderful mate
Decide to take back route home: meet four or five federales and two border patrol vehicles. Fuck the alternate route: kick in that killer car and book it on home, girl, before they chase you down! So back to town on Wednesday: had to wait in line for 1 1/2 hours for a two minute tab purchase. Yes, I will take my genius son’s advice and renew online from now on. But I can almost fly now and not worry overly much about the LE on me. . . almost.
Well, to go along with my previous post, designer Elie Saab seems to agree with my love for girly pastel pieces. His Fall 2011 Couture runway that was released on the Paris runway at the beginning of this month included flowy dresses in pastel looks, along with a white, taupe, bronze, navy and charcoal color palette.
recognise the writers who use their blogs to connect with readers in the most imaginative, engaging and inspiring ways.
Good politics start at home, at the neighborhood, at our barangay. In the same way, dirty politics at the way we involve in the most important political activity, the Barangay Elections.
From exploring, imploring, from candidly aging
This afternoon Nicole is coming over & we’re going to write more ninjamail & have a dinner of soup Nicole made in her slow cooker the other day. I even bought bread rolls for this occasion! Even if I don’t manage a whole bread roll, I’m still doing better than I have been & I’m still trying really hard.
A loud voice calls anyone with a purple wrist band numbered 1 – 75 (that’s us) to the studio. We follow a line of people back out into the rain (coat and umbrella-less) and leg it across the path to the George Lucas studio. As we make our way to the ‘Mosh-pit’ (stage right) we realise that we have a fantastic view of the coaches chairs and when the singers are on stage, they’ll actually be very close.
A: My blog provides lots of ideas, tips, trends, advice, real weddings and everything in between. I want my readers to be inspired and I also want to show them my style and the type of weddings/events that I put together for my clients. When clients hire me as their planner, the first thing they always say to me is that they LOVE my blog , and my website of course. Now even after their wedding, a few of them are still following my blog! =)
Just sprinkle it all over the top of the ribs.
First, I mentioned the pink poodle obsession... more on that later, but suffice it to say, when I asked what she wanted to be for Halloween, she looked at me like I was crazy. A pink poodle, of course! Duh.
But to imagine that such a thing enters the heads of a great and growing majority of immigrants and their descendants is a ludicrous misconception, and a dangerous one.
I’d like to talk a little today about the “tools of the trade.” These are the things I think are essential if you’re looking to start into furniture upcycling for profit.
This is the greatest craft beer crime because it has broken the standard metric of exchange between craft beer consumers and the retailers they support. No longer can we compare one establishment to another on the basis of price as their serving sizes cannot be relied upon to be equivalent, and some retailers are unjustly accused of being more expensive when they are actually the same or cheaper on a per-ounce basis. The consumer metric between the ultimate purchaser and the brewery, the 12-ounce bottle, still stands but for how long? Will brewers begin to adopt a 10-ounce bottle size or 8-ounce can for the same purpose?
What do you do when there is a brisk chilly feel to the outside air and the wind is howling around the house but it is brilliantly sunny outside? You make soup, of course!
The report also proposes that:
“If you don’t straighten up, I’m going to knock you into the middle of next week!”
Lucas Matthysse recently fought Zab Judah on an ESPN card and showed that he is no fighter that should be taken lightly. He's knocked out Vivian Harris, dropped Zab Judah on his way to a controversial split decision loss, and recently knocked out once highly ranked light welterweight & welterweight, Demarcus Corley. Zab Judah has gone on record saying Matthysse is the most powerful punch he has ever faced and he believes Alexander is making a big mistake by taking the fight with him.
JIMMY EAT WORLD-BLEED AMERICAN 3 X LP
The International Olympic Committee (IOC) on Thursday faced calls to ban Saudi Arabia from London 2012 after the country’s Olympic chief ruled out sending women athletes to the Games.
still wonderful:
So putting my head together with my "Blog Mom" Gail at My Repurposed Life, we could not think of a better way to celebrate June but with YOU. Not the blogger you..but YOU the person...YOU, our friends.
"Do you want to get married right now?"
It has given me time to make Little P's Easter treat. I looked everywhere for dairy and soya free chocolate eggs, but no joy, so I have skipped merrily down memory lane and rustled up some very special nests.
Speaking at the Pattaya Business & Tourism Association’s April 11 meeting, the deputy governor said information he has received from ASEAN and foreign companies in Thailand is not good. For example, Pongsak said, at Sumitomo Corp.’s Thailand subsidiary, 86 of the 100 Thai engineers employed by the Japanese company cannot understand English.
3 merely
07 - Bloody Reunion 04:04
No hopes.
I’ve been feeling really run down and tired the past couple of days. I think it’s more of a mental thing than an actual physical strain, so I’m trying hard to shake it. Today is usually a rest day, but since I took off Tuesday, I plan on hitting the gym after class. Tomorrow is a 3.5-4 mile run…the longest so far.
Recently I was feeling a bit over-stressed from a particular deadline, and needed to unwind. Naturally, I looked to my gaming library for some source of solace. But as I browsed through my collection, nothing really felt like the right choice. It couldn’t be something too hard or complex, as that would only add to my frustration. But likewise, it couldn’t be something too easy, either in challenge or complexity, since that wouldn’t occupy my mind enough to distract from my stresses.
Do you have a preferred medium for producing your illustrations or do you like to experiment? Do your characters perhaps subconsciously dictate what medium you should use?
As far as I am aware, the creative industries are not going to be slowing up with the use of VFX in Films, Adverts, Pop promos, Video games and the list goes on and on. Making these films is a great start to getting young people more interested in the creative possibilities that lie in front of them and I hope that the campaign goes well. It would be fantastic to have more people getting involved in training for these industries, even from a young age.
I’ve heard the horrid wailing of family members who just realized their loved one just passed.
directly between
Donald Wood (Ind) 214
The Canon Vixia HF200HD is the company’s latest addition to its prestigious camcorder series. Their camcorders have always delivered a perfect balance between price and performance. This new model will have to hold up to the high expectations that Canon is known for.
And mindless at last we died;
Charlize Theron was photographed leaving her hotel in Tribeca while heading to NBC studios to tape a guest appearance on the Today show with co-star Kristen Stewart to chat with Matt Lauer about their new movie, Snow White and the Huntsman on Monday (March 19) in New York City.
In addition to the review of documents, your job will be to timely order and follow up on due diligence items like title reports, zoning reports, updating surveys, order searches (tax and lien searches, pending litigations, UCC searches, bankruptcy searches, etc.). Remember to keep your horse in front of the wagon – a closing checklist plays an important role in this process. It should be timely, updated and you should keep your team members in the loop. Did I mention that updates should be done on a daily or hourly basis? Depending on how intensive the process is and when your deadlines become DEADLINES, your updates should reflect the status of the deal in real time.
For awhile now I've been wanting to do something with the bookshelves in my living room. It's late and there is no lighting since it's dark outside, so I will just show you what they look like via their IKEA picture.
The oddness I think about the Sunset (my title, not his) and Tree House paintings may have something to do with the gallery, and with viewing paintings independent of each other rather than as the solo exhibit. The two paintings come from different series. I think these paintings were not meant to be seen together, or seperate from the series they belong to. They are from different series. The narrative of each series is clearly seen separately on Dorland’s web site. The McMichael Gallery is a large post and beam space. It is all dark wood and sand clay between beams with a high peaked ceiling. Dorland’s paintings are set high on one wall against large fireplace rocks (fieldstone?). The temporary short white gyprock constructions (walls) in the middle of the room seperate the space between those and the art works against the dark wood and rock walls. My difficulty with the paintings may have come up because of this separation as well. These particular Dorland paintings do not have people in them, and this particular exhibit is about trees, however, this also fits them well with the Tom Thomson legacy for the McMichael’s collection, and the Group of 7. People didn’t interest Thomson or the Group of 7 in most of their paintings. But, this is the difference between Dorland and the modern artists. Dorland is presently taking on motifs by the modern artists, in newer works his wife is the subject matter, ala de Kooning.
Once our lists were done, he decided he would point to a bird and I should make the noise of that bird. I used YouTube on the iPhone to look up bird calls as he pointed to them and we imitated them together. (Later, I downloaded a free iPhone app called AnimalChatter that also has free bird calls).
When people try to tell you what’s wrong with them, with you or with the world in gerneral – think – “piece of broken mirror! Om pUrNamadah pUrNam idam“.
He gives new meaning to the phrase gummy bare don't ya think?
I'm supposed to pass it on to some blogs. It's too hard to choose, so I won't. Instead, I'd like to pass it on to all of my readers because you all bring sunshine to my life! I love each and every single one of your comments. Thanks for reading! If you accept this award, please leave a link to your answers on this post. I'd love to get to know you! Don't have a blog? Feel free to leave your answers in the comments.
GIPPSLAND ACTION GROUP
I SING: karaoke, and I sing it like the angels.
During their four month stay, they noticed that many units in their complex were never occupied. They asked the property managers and learned that many owners were unable to rent nor wanted to stay in their units.
trusting that you will make things right if I surrender to your will;
Carson's "North Carolina" basketball party will be there this summer.
How special to be singled out for this prestigious award more than once. I do enjoy blog hopping – I find it becomes addictive. I know how much I enjoy receiving comments and therefore I do try to reciprocate whenever possible.
(Kathy Ide wrote this eight-part series.)
I played with the ideas I was getting (before I had my hero and heroine) during one of April Kihlstrom’s wonderful Book-in-a-Week sessions. But then I had to get busy and finish the book I was working on then, so this new potential book sat on the table, waiting for me to come back to play.
Optional: If you desire to marinate your steak tips before cooking, put the meat cubes in a large plastic food bag and add: olive oil, redwine vinegar, Worcestshire Sauce, Kosher salt and crushed pepper. Some people like to add ketchup also. Dried herbs can be added such as Tarragon and Rosemary. Close the plastic food bag after all ingredients are sealed inside and shake/turn the bag to distribute the marinade. Put the bag into the refrigerator for 15-20 min. Drain and put the cubed steak tips on a plate ready to bring to your grill. Follow grilling instructions above.
First, it’s important to note that for me there is no distinction between ideas and matter. For me ideas are material things, just as everything else is a material thing. They are material things inscribed in brains, pieces of paper, radio waves, fiber optic cables, computer data bases, and that take time to travel through the void or space. This is what I was trying to get at in my recent post on Lucretius and simulacra. Far from being incorporeal entities, simulacra or atomic entities are diaphanous material entities that must travel from node to node in networks, and this takes time and has limits depending on which medium transmits the simulacra. Societies based on speech (air, breath, sound-waves) will only be able to reach a certain size due to the random variation that snippets of speech enjoy when passed from person to person. Moreover, as theorists such as Walter Ong and his student Marshall McLuhan have noted, the medium of air or sound-waves will tend to favor certain ways of transmitting oral teachings: rhythmic poetry that can be easily stored and repeated in neurological memory. This will have a decisive impact on how these societies develop and what regimes of knowledge are possible for them. It is very difficult, for example, to imagine abstract mathematics, abstract philosophy, universal law, science, and so on developing in an oral culture because of the constraints of material, neurological memory. With simulacra conveyed by writing matters change. Societies become larger because we no longer encounter the “telephone” problem, and new regimes of knowledge emerge because the material features of paper remember for us allowing 1) us to engage in long chains of reasoning that would be impossible for biological neurological reasoning, and 2) allowing us to assign names to abstract entities like the number “1″ without this entity referring to any particular entity such as “one cat” and begin to carry out operations on these entities. In each case the material medium of simulacra (speech, writing, the printing press, telegraphs, phones, internet, etc) will have a decisive impact on the form that social assemblages take, the sorts of knowledge possible within these assemblages, and the forms of political action possible within these assemblages. Materialism places these sorts of considerations front and center in a way that realism– that admits the existence of incorporeal entities free of the constraints of material finitude –do not.
Right now I'm looking forward to getting a copy of the latest issue of Apartmento, enjoying the chill in the air and looking forward to wearing even more layers just like this girl shot by Anne Bernecker, admiring this Pelican Avenue jumper on the No.6 blog and the beautiful photographs over at Tourist magazine, and dreaming of Estelle Deve rings at My Chameleon, Topshop Boutique jumpers and Dieppa Restrepo cali portland brandy brogues (along with everything else) at Maryam Nassir Zadeh.
“To add to the confusion we don’t even know who is our enemy and who is our ally. Taliban is a crude catch-all term which is of little help in Afghanistan’s immensely complex, fragmented politics of tribe, clan and region. These groupings judge how best to secure their position and shift their allegiances accordingly.” (Bunting, ‘Leaders have not shown the courage to explain what the war really means,’ The Guardian, March 23, 2009; http://www.guardian.co.uk/ commentisfree/2009/mar/23/afghanistan-military-terrorism
It’s not all that different, I imagine, to what regular couples experience when one of them goes on a business trip. Yet, there’s something more intense about it when the goodbye is coupled to military service. Even if it’s just to slip away into the woods for a week.
36,212 FC runs with 114 centuries at 49.40
Proposes that government and commercial users would share the band
+All Is Harvest
Finally and most importantly, I can contribute by bringing issues of youth engagement and voice in the support for the creation of effective educational systems. The issue of providing opportunities for youth to be actively involved in their own learning and educational system has not been included and in this changing environment it is necessary for our youth to be part of the system.
But even if my life depended on it, I couldn’t have identified the nigger, who it was, though I got a close look at him, to begin with, ‘cause they all look the same to me.
small fortune for I have never seen one so big and
We determine this not only by what we say, but how we act. If our actions meet the criteria for high moral principles, we are not bound by other people's faulty perceptions.
I received the blog post for Friday Nite Sew In on Thursday, I think, I thought it was for December!
And I just can’t stop messing my mind up
To: Judith Katherman, Tom Dewing, Anne Hanyen, Tony Davis, Robin Davis, Skip, Mary Allen Bradley, Ann Kilguss, Alan Levick, Joann Figueras, Pam and Harry Herrick, Sheila Bonnell, Dave and Robin Hubbard, Eileen Grodin, Allison Jackson, Len and Sally Short, Charlie Ashby, Judith Bruce, Patty Platten, Bob Donath
What makes up myself.
I did some thinking this week and wrote some things down.
Then I took my world-famous Sunday afternoon nap, where I dreamed that I had superpowers, and I was using them to get Harry Potter Blurays from the mall, by picking the pockets of scuzzy people and Andrew Dice Clay. Then my inbred buddy (who has no real-world equivalent) fell down a cliff so I had to bribe Hershel from The Walking Dead to let me use the stairs on the back of his house down the cliff to get my friend.
Suffice to say, that it was at the NLLST somewhere in the 140 miles or so of shelving I found a copy of Archy and Mehitabel, by Don Marquis. A little bit of which I share with you now.
and was “sucking and licking it like an inexperienced lover discovering breasts,”
Of course, our favorite super rich man, Mitt Romney, was equally as quick and equally as emphatic about condemning President Obama’s bailout of the auto industry because after all; it was meant to help the poor folk…people who are not his colleagues, buddies or business partners.
I know this sounds like it contradicts the previous point, but really, don't sweat the small stuff. While it's important to set boundaries so that kids feel safe, being controlling and restrictive will create more conflict and power struggles. If they want to wear a tank top in winter, let them experience the effects of cold weather on bare arms (and bring a sweater along in case they change their minds). If they don't want their sandwiches cut diagonally today, is it worth the power struggle to insist? They don't need you to demand that they submit to every single one of your ways. They know that you are bigger than them. They know that you are smarter and stronger. They don't need you to constantly be proving that. Do you feel the need to prove it? They need to be allowed to make decisions for themselves at this age, within reason. It's part of that transition into kidhood. Allow life to be fun. Turn conflict into creative solutions. Make a choo-choo train to the car. Go out in dress-up with your child. Make grocery shopping a treasure hunt.
I have blog topics in que to talk about and post, just haven't gotten around to writing them up yet.
Oh. My. Gosh. That is serious stuff!!
Risking it for a few
January 15 - Four of the Watergate burglars - Barker, Gonzalez, Martinez, and Sturgis - pleaded guilty to all charges.
With all that inspiration on offer, there’s really no excuse not to add at least a small piece of art to your garden. It’s certainly something I like to help clients with when the opportunity arises. And without fail, it’s a valuable addition to every garden – whatever the size.
This right unites with the right to health which is provided for in the preceding section of the same article:
US Cascade 4.5 % 1.00 oz 0.0 Bagged Pellet Hops Dry-Hopped
the youngest sister walking the long aisle
Well its 2010 and I know already that for one family it is a time of anguish, a time a son was lost, the irreplaceable taken, tonight as I write this, another man rushes, his face grim and his movements purposely controlled, lest his fear be made manifest and his false calm betray him, he rushes to be near his father, to be near the man who gave him life, heartbreak is only around the corner, intruding and always unwanted. So tonight I pray for both families but I no longer know to which god, no longer have faith as I once had it, seeing the church as a collaborating betrayer, a shadow of what it once was and indeed what it can be, more to, I question my allegiance to that man of other climes, to that person from that other place and so spiritually I am lost, although I know I believe in something, for me it has no name, not anymore.
cook somebody’s goose
New: 13
Glitter broken egg candles by Illuminations
He resides in Denham Springs, Louisiana (near Baton Rouge) with his wife of nearly 50 years. They have a married daughter, a married son and seven grandchildren.
In the mystery of nature,
I posted this on fb earlier, but Chloe has the "special" ability to cross only one eye.
CreativeLIVE puts on some great workshops (all of them free if you watch them live), I know they're great because I have watched many of them live and bought 3 more.
Fake charity Alcohol Concern Wales have recently been spending your money on a study of 10 and 11 year olds and, therefore, have apparently created somthing newsworthy.
* When you're ready to bake, put a parchment paper on top of the dough and fill the bottom with either rice or beans.
Bridger is always asking me if he can play with it. And then he leaves it places and forgets where it is. I panic. Then we find it and I tell him he can never ever ever ever play with it again. Until he asks me again, and I let him. Repeat process. So I got him his very own bee. Hopefully my little bee can stay safe now. ;)
1- Monro Muffler/Brake. Oy. The Jeep brakes are squealing. The oil leak has been diagnosed as no problem, then a problem, and then no problem. We stopped in there last weekend to have them add dye to the oil. We plan to go in there this weekend and have them rediagnose. As for the brakes? I really want a refund on all that we’ve paid. Then I’m thinking, maybe it’s the brake pads. They came with the calipers and perhaps they’re not a good quality? Monro gives me a headache. Bringing the Jeep back depends on when the car is repaired… see below.
English-language Shopping (three sites)
So, yesterday evening, after a long day at the house, we decided it would be good to go on a family walk. To "walk" off some of that energy the kids all had. We walked a few blocks, then went down the bike trail. A few more blocks got us to a little neighborhood park. My mom didn't want to stay long, so we started off again.
“You know what, sometimes I think what the police actually does, after something like this happens. They haven’t done much about that shooting. They still don’t know how connected Ankur and Varuna are. And there is no way that one can, sort of, tip them off…. Weird. I wouldn’t want my death to be interrogated by these people….” And with a sudden sly grin, Jeremy added, “Actually Karan, would you like to have the honour of investigating my death?”
Seahawks Regular-Season Schedule (All times PT)
The three keys to success, a new day dawns slowly and painfully.
Dave Corso, not a real name, has been in the Cabal employ since 1965, part of the Old Boys School of operatives. In Veitnam, his code name was “Wolfman 1″ and he was leader of “the Wolfpack,” an elite squad of brutal Omega solider assassins that Aaron McCollum’s “dad” was also in. He later did missions on Mars and Procyon, Panama and Bosnia. He held high posts in Project Talent, Project Looking Glass, and Project Backslip — soliders sent back in time to alter timelines favorable to the Cabal. He was at the Dulce clean-up, which lead to a fast strike on grays using Phobos as a base. “The only good gray is a gray in five easy pieces,” was his motto.
The last month has been a horror show for the U.S. economy, with economic data falling off a cliff, according to Mike Riddell, a fund manager at M&G Investments in London.
According to news reports, Cheng Chai Moi had left her house in Jinjang early on Tuesday to meet a client over the sale of a house. Her car was first found and an hour later her body was found floating in the dam.
Many of the companies will be looking for more recruits within the next few weeks, as there are some large commercial contracts to be won in December, so keep going to their websites and have a look at the vacancies coming up.
Health insurance contributions of 10, 11 and 12 percent
I really like KS3760 (do you know why it doesn’t show up on the KS website anymore? I know they are part of the McCalls/Butterick/Vogue Mothership bought them but it doesn’t make sense for them to get rid of patterns like that.
Sufficient unto the day is the evil thereof
In case you didn’t guess, the first passage is adult, from The Time Traveler’s Wife, and the second is YA, from The Ghost and the Goth. Clearly, the age of these characters did NOT determine if these were adult or YA books (though as a general rule, no, there aren’t any adult POVs in YA). Neither did the tense, or the point of view.
Why are carbs bad? My perspective
I will never find
Hey my lovely readers,
46. Wooly Mammoth – 2175 Justice Points
This random assortment of stuff came out of my pocket after recess one day. Every Wednesday we have recess not on the playground but out on the blacktop and field behind our hallway. (This is because we are in P.E. during our regular recess time and the playground is full of fourth graders by the time we're free again.) On this recent Wednesday a student came running over to me with the dry erase marker. He had found it out on the field. I put it in my pocket figuring it was a handy little find. Not three minutes later a child ran over with the book of matches. Given that there were still fresh matches in it I added it to my pocket rather than simply send the student to the trash can with it.
And I love the way I find out something new on every stage of this Cathedral tour. Yesterday in Peterborough, for example, I learnt how good I am at ‘trivia’ …It seems that grammar, logic and rhetoric were considered in mediaeval times to be the lesser arts, and since there were three of them, they became ‘tri-via’. The higher arts? Well, maths, music, geometry and astronomy, of course. I never was any good at science…And all this because of the fantastic 13th century paintings on the ceiling of the Cathedral.
A couple of years ago I was on holiday in Crete and ate this almost every day, and thinking back of that I knew it, Baklava was the solution. There was one place that I knew at that time that sells this, but when I arrived there I was disapointed. They did not sell it anymore, cause of the change of season.
Because I wrote the book in different stages of throught I have to take information that I came up with later in the process and intergrate it into parts of the book I wrote with earlier concepts. This I would say is the hardest part about writing a book. The idea of consistancy. Yet, on some level I have been thinking about this for years as I have seen movies in the past where there were questions or plot holes with no answers.
Bottieri, who eventually was arrested, confronted the boyfriend, who fessed up to ordering the adult entertainment. She got upset and spat on the boyfriend, who pushed her on the couch.
I'm so aware that a lot of the child-like aspects of A's character are disappearing now, or transforming, and I feel going to school will just push her that bit further down that road. They are all struggling so hard to be more grown up. Its inevitable, and in some ways very positive as she's becoming a lovely young woman rather than a lovely child (not biased at all ;-)) but for a parent it does evoke mournful feelings too.
So I ask: If you could bake or make just one treat this season, what would it be? I'd love to know! (And links to your favorite recipes are always appreciated.)
What the bike hasn’t been is particularly maintenance free or reliable. It was supplied with Continental Ultra Race Gatorskin tyres, I’d had Gatorskins on the MTB for a few years in its commuter mode and I find them to be a great road tyre offering plenty of wet weather grip, decent puncture protection and low rolling resistance for a tyre with no tread pattern. However the Ultra Race variety are like tissue paper by comparison as far as puncture protection is concerned. And yes, they were run at the correct pressure. Now punctures are a part of cycling life but after 2 in each tyre in the space of a week you can be forgiven for thinking the cycling gods have it in for you, or the tyres aren’t up to it. And remember this was sold as a commuting bike. Since replacing the tubes and tyres, with Continental Gatorskin Hardshells I’ve been puncture free. Now apart from being a bit thicker and with more strengthening in the tread and sidewalls, and therefore a tad heavier I can’t really tell the difference between the Ultra Races and these Hardshells on my flat, road commute, other than I’ve had no flats. In my route there are a total of around 75 yards of cobbles and even these haven’t upset the Hardshells. There doesn’t appear to be a huge difference in price as both tyres retail for around £20, so why would EBC specify a race tyre for a commuter bike?
1) In-depth knowledge in US and Indian IP laws and processes
Gotten up at 5:15 way too many times
Like in a game, I’ve hit the pause button, but it will be un-hit and re-started shortly. 4-1 in my list will have to wait until this next thing is done.
Ask God to break your heart and spirit.
“Not until you eat something!”
2) Once you gather all of the ingredients, he will give you 5 free samples of Magi Babble Brew, which restore mp as you walk for a period of time. You can have him make more by bringing him more magibabble guts.
You know what you are, you don't give a damn;
‘Heartache and Fear’ takes a step back midway, and returns to the initial, darker, feel with ‘Suffer Me Suffer You’. A rockier song, it starts off with some epic drumming and also contains the emotional lyrics that are present throughout the album. With lyrics such as ‘Here she comes again, stepping on my heart since I don’t know when’ the band really shows their song writing ability.
We measured out the room and determined that we would need 20 ten foot boards to do the whole room minus the one blue wall. I still wanted it left the same.
Will these guidelines actually help kids, or obese parents? Of course not. All it will do is punish them for the unwillingness or inability to comply. This hands over useful tools to the busybodies to get back at everyone who won’t listen to them, for their own good. Like the tanning bed thing, for example. You can argue the merits over raising the age to 18 if you like, but it has nothing at all to do with the six-year-old kid who may or may not have gone into the tanning room with Mommy Beef Jerky. A six-year-old isn’t affected at all by raising the age of something she’s not allowed to do yet anyway. It even has nothing to do with punishing Mommy herself, because she’s already in Dutch with the authorities. It’s all about the NJ Assembly suddenly noticing that sitting three inches from a high-concentration of UV rays might not be so good for you. All of a sudden they’re going to jump in to save the day, so Beef Jerky’s kid has to wait an extra four years to turn herself into a rotisserie chicken? I don’t buy it. It’s a pretext, like so many other things lately, to mandate “sweeping changes” (read: rules) for “how we do things” (read: permission from Nanny Gummint).
I have no idea. I put an article up about hippies a while back. I presume it’s that smelly lot, they always go in for all that pseudo-science about ley lines and spirit guides and whatnot. There is probably some legitimate explanation, but I’m too lazy to investigate.
I was like a background character, who surprisingly had survived each season, and at some point we were living in an abandoned apartment building; the flying machines seemed to search for people outside mostly and the flying machines had weaknesses that we had learned to use to our advantage.
I work out
In the context of Martin Luther King’s career as a Civil Rights Leader they can discuss tone, quotation versus paraphrase and the difference between an assertion and a conditional statement. In fact, a longer look at the controversy over the quotation could be a wonderful lesson on how words and sentence structure can really matter.
Posted by Megaan Austin
I beg for the gift of repentance
I’ve heard is said that some people think it’s bad form to let children believe in things that they think ‘aren’t true’. (The list usually includes Father Christmas, faeries and God amongst other things). They think we should tell our children ‘the truth’.
If you have a beautiful plate please don't cover it with too much or too fancy napkins, let the plate show. If you have a plain plate then you can go a bit wild with napkins, favors, etc. on top or just play up the simplicity.
What's your opinion about Here Today... Aragon Tomorrow? Do you own it, the suede version or both? Which is your favourite version? If I had to choose, I'd go for the Suede version (and I just might have to get a back-up of it, I love it so much), but I'm really glad to have both and will be using them combined again :)
Not only has she been kidnapped and incarcertated lawlessly by the Israeli apartheid authorities, her kidnapping is another reminder that Israel's signature on any agreement is worth nothing.
One Death addressed the brothers, “Welcome to the Land of death, ball players of the middle world. Please accept our hospitality and take your seat.” So saying they beckoned to the two empty seats.
1/8 c water
Paper: Wisteria Wonder, Crumb Cake, Whisper White
It took them a while to realize because they were on opposite sides of the classroom, but they also had Creative Writing together. The teacher, Mr. Stone, was very fond of pairing absolute strangers together at the beginning of the year for their first project under the assumption that they would eventually overcome their differences and awkwardness and become friends.
Oh, holy mother of chocolate. I basically blanched as I read a certain blog of a thirteen-year old and nearly choked from my coke when I realized almost (if not all) of her posts are about her undying love to the love of her life. I was about to close the horrifying tab when I stopped, scrolled up and read the words again.
The great thing about this book is that it was originally published as a serial. Over the course of a year or so, each week, a new chapter or two would be released to the public. They’d avidly read it and then have to wait another week for the next installment. Sort of like our modern-day suspenseful TV shows (LOST and Fringe, I’m looking at you). So as I’m reading this book in one fell swoop I can only imagine how stressful it must have been on the general public, in 1859, to have to try to figure out whodunit. Because what this book does really, really well is let your mind slowly turn over. This is what they mean by showing and not telling in writing.
Any shade, thought or thing, that makes all man uncommon,
Just after watching an episode with my husband on Sunday where Roger Sterling (played by John Slattery) and his second (and also very beautiful) wife are sparring as usual after dropping LSD together (under her therapist’s tutelage… gotta love the 60′s!) I saw the real John Slattery on the street. He’s my neighbor by the way, and he is even better looking in person than he is on t.v. if you can believe that.
Thankfully, Ida comes back to take charge. As she ties on an apron, she tells Lettie to start drying dishes, since she’s useless as a waitress, and then she starts gathering starters for the other waitress. Lucy comes back too and volunteers to help, so Ida grabs her and hustles her out to the floor as Mildred calls after them that everything’s $.85. Oh, inflation. Imagine a time you could get a good, home-cooked meal for less than a dollar, and it wasn’t from McDonald’s.
The ECOWAS embargo strategy, it appears, is designed to turn up the heat on the junta by making life extremely uncomfortable for Malians. Soldiers, police and civil servants will stop following orders once their salaries are no longer paid. More broadly, ordinary citizens will feel the squeeze when they cannot get gasoline for their motorcycles or diesel for their trucks. When the state-owned power utility cannot get the 16 tanker trucks of fuel it needs to run its generators every day, rolling blackouts will get longer and more frequent. Already they’re lasting up to 10 hours in various parts of Bamako. Tailors won’t be able to sew, welders won’t be able to weld, only the lucky few with generators will be able to watch television (and where will they get fuel?). Food prices will skyrocket. It isn’t hard to imagine that within a few days, Bamako’s population will be out in the streets expressing their discontent with the regime in power.
- And leapt back with a yelp as Taslin swiped an arm through the air and a razor-edged gust of wind tore through the Axtli. The flinch made him blink - Clearsight lost - but the First-Realm image lingered. Severed and scattered pins bounced off Dora's arm, vanishing before they could roll to a stop. The Axtli made no noise, but there was no mistaking the way the dark shape receded behind Dora's head.
More medical info coming.
Construction on the surface parking lot is to start 5/1/12, within this two-week period, and there was not detail offered beyond this bland description within a summary of work on Block 1129, the southeast block of the Atlantic Yards site:
At the more macabre end of this scale is the recent documentary aired in China which interviewed inmates on death row for a reality TV show. According to the BBC, Interviews Before Execution first broadcast on Henan Legal Channel in November 2006 and interviewed a prisoner on death row every week before it was cancelled after government intervention. It may make for unpalatable viewing, but it is telling evidence that values in China aren’t the same as they used to be.
And here's my take on it. My dear friend loves this color combo, and I know she's having a rough time right now, so I had her in mind when creating this card. I stamped the flowers in ColorBox's Banana Custard, and rolled them a bit in Canary pigment inks. The strips of yellow cardstock are embossed with the Spellbinders ES-004 Whimsy M-Bossablities.
I have once again let life get in the way of blogging. I am still here, I have been reading about you all-on my iphone,on the bus!! So not so great for commenting.
Not many people can say that.
French Food was his forte. He made the best blo..dy steak in Bangalore back in those days. No, not the Aussie way but the classic, French way.
Pendragon: One of you stay here to help me sort through this red tape.
we should have more news in the coming weeks....until then thanks to everyone for your love and support. sweet baby boy hang tight, we are coming for you. we love you more than words can express and dream of you each and everyday. your big sister will be starting "sibling" class soon and is soooo ready to meet you. and, unlike the pregnancy i experienced with her, you are growing in me as well. i feel you inside my heart, filling my heart and expanding my knowledge of love. you are my little love and i cannot wait to hold you, love you, protect you and encourage you all your days.
It is a disorganized shambles. Worse, when I ask about a tactical sling for my SKS, I get a sea of blank looks from the clean-cut kids running the section.
The charge against Quintin McGrew, 28, of Sandpit Drive, is punishable by up to 10 years in prison.
Jesus does the same construction on our souls. We come to him covered in weeds and thorns. When we ask for His saving grace, Jesus immediately gets to work; scraping, pounding and re-building our life. He forgives us our “weeds” and forms us into the new and beautiful.
The show started out titled “The Seinfeld Chronicles”. It was later just shortened to “Seinfeld”.
-- Grab me without permission and I go rigid ....Grab me without permission in the dancehall and you'll get a fucking volcano. Dancing is consensual, it has nothing to do with assault. If it does, change your teacher.
Never mind here comes Horny, they’ve killed Brodus with this little jerk. I like Brodus but can’t stand that they put him with the troll, at least Dolph will save us all. Dolph is in the top five best in the company right now, along with Punk, Jericho, DB and Kingston. Brodus gets distracted and Dolph dropkicks him to the floor, where Jack Swagger shoulderblocks the big man down. Brodus tries to come back but Dolph takes out the knee and unloads on the dinosaur. Brodus fights his way up and Dolph dropkicks him back down, as this is the most trouble we’ve seen Brodus in since his debut. Dolph tries for a suplex and can’t get the big man up, however Brodus gets him up with ease. Swagger gets involved again and Dolph goes for a sleeper, Brodus shoves him off and hits the big headbutt. Brodus follows up with a big splash and scores the win. 6/10 a pretty good match for what it was, as no one can bump like Dolph can and that makes the big man look good. Cole says something stupid again, as he claims this is Brodus’ first PPV win, what about Drew back at the Rumble? If this is Extreme Rules why was there not a stipulation to the match?
I screeched into a parking space, ran into the accommodation I was sharing that night with three friends, and threw some make up at my face. Then I stole some food from a pregnant lady (the pregnant lady is a friend, if there’s any way that could possibly make that fact sound better).
Historically, the core content of conservatism has always been a suspicion of government power and intervention and conservatives therefore accept only the minimum amount of government that seems needed for a civil society to function. So it is no wonder that there is no authoritarian version of conservative ideology. If it were authoritarian it could not be conservative.
It really made me think about some things. While not wanting to disappoint or offend someone isn't inherently a bad thing, it shouldn't be my motivation for doing things. I should do good because I love virtue. I should avoid doing bad because God's standards say they are wrong. That's the One I should aim to please above anyone.
It used to be, a long time ago, that the X and Y chromosomes were the same size and shape. Then, about 166 million years ago, a huge chunk of the Y chromosome was turned upside down and reinserted. Nobody quite knows why. Since, the Y chromosome has lost 781 of the 800 genes it originally shared with the X chromosome, all thanks to mutation. It’s this which led to speculation that it would eventually disappear.
Elternabend is a joy that doesn't exist in the UK schooling system, but don't feel hard done by, the UK schooling system has so many things that the German one doesn't; positive feedback instead of criticism, a timetable of lessons that runs from 9 till at least 3, a timetable that stays put for the whole of the school year and doesn't change, and supply teachers...I could go on and on (but then I will be accused by some (mentioning no names, but you know who you are) of being 'negative') The elternabend is the opportunity for the parents* to get together en masse with their class teacher to discuss....stuff.
However the weirdest thing about these lipsticks is what happens after you remove them. They stain. Badly.
Scott Ritter sees parallels to the invasion of Iraq: "We have told the Iranians it is their responsibility to prove to the international community beyond a shadow of a doubt that there is no nuclear weapons program in Iran. How can you prove a negative?"
The card i will be showing you here,is Emma's acutal Birthday card i've made for her.I am pretty sure she allready has it by now...if not...well,Emma this will be yours soon!!! haha
(Before the update, the original story for you new readers…)
share what you have.
Zest of 1 lemon.
Home is where your team is located. Home is where your stadium is. Home is where the organization that you played for and whoever signs your check is. Home ultimately is where your fans, thousands of us are living. And that is inMiamiand all the other cities in South Florida, like in my case.
It is very unusual to find these plants in flower in the winter time in our part of the country.
to dance at the very,very edge of the ocean...
Empowered (by God)
So I made sure to place the flower on the overlapped leather only.
innocence, and you never danced that way again. You even said: "I
I tried to post a cute pic but it will only show html code...maybe I'll post some later :)
"The benefit of joining with these other organisations is logistical and political, but also emotional," he said. "It's such a relief to find people in other countries who feel the way you do."
For those of you like me who have lost their dear mom, keep your fondest memories of her in your thoughts today. Doing so will make it feel like she is sharing the day with you.
The medium mentioned above can be a hand skill or technique (i.e. a new type or style of illustration, photography, video or film. It can also be a new computer software or technique.) This opens up the door to a huge variety of possibilities. We had some very interesting solutions and I applaud each of you for pushing yourselves beyond your personal comfort zone.
Be sure to look for news about my new SCBWI Blog on scbwi.org, Facebook and Twitter on Monday--it will kick off in early May. And see you all at BEA and the SCBWI Annual Summer Conference!
The following are some valuable “nuggets” regarding trading psychology that I pulled out of the TAG workbook. It’s my hope that one or more of these “nuggets” will help you better understand your own trading psychology and the importance of psychology in trading markets.
Across town at the play, the set falls over on the actress. Buster liked things to fall over, this was the second time the house fell on this lady!! That bottom still is priceless...
Whether DC has the legal right to do that or not, everyone involved in this project knows Alan Moore, the writer of the novel they are exploiting, doesn’t want it to go ahead. Which means each and every one of them, every writer, every artist, every editor, has said to themselves (perhaps using politer language), Fuck Alan Moore, I’m doing it anyway.
The governor would establish a quota for this particular permanent residence category. The quota number would have to be made public.
Either way, it's hopeless.
I’ll just post this without comment since it says all it needs to say:
can wearing pants too tight injure
i've missed the blogging world and check in on a lot of you now and then to see what's going on in everyone's lives. hugs and kisses.
We have been busy at my house cleaning up Christmas....and getting ready for the beginning of a new year. All of the Christmas stuff is packed and back in storage for safekeeping, the house has been spit shined and the furniture restored to its original positions. The mistress of the house and her roomie have begun contemplating what lies in store for our futures. I go back to school tomorrow for finals.....eek! I'm sure I'll do fine, not to worry I've been studying, seriously, I swear......
1 C sugar & water
You're under no obligation to him if you sell that book. The only way you would be is if HE sold it, or you sold it to someone he showed it to within a couple months.
I hope his men would advise him not to ad lib his state of the nation (SONA) address with his dry, boring, uninteresting personal affairs.
For two weeks we ate, played and lived among Heidi’s tribe. I did laundry (hers and ours), cooked side-by-side in the galley kitchen, cleaned and participated. We gave our girls rag curls, went to Yellowstone and saw a bison, drank coffee in the mornings and went to a giant Mormon party (she’s not Mormon, but everyone in the town was). Mormons love parties. And Jell-o salad.
I fully understand and appreciate the value of commercial real estate brokers. However, I think building owners should consider supplementing the work of brokers to make sure long-term tenant attraction and retention goals are met.
“Then there’s Greg Evensen, a militia sympathizer and former Kansas state trooper whose essays and radio broadcasts are featured on apocalyptic Christian and militia websites. Evensen described Barack Obama as a “socialist, Muslim sympathizing, gun rights hating, Mexican illegals embracing, abortion loving charmer” five days before the presidential election. With respect to the gulf oil spill, Evensen predicts that the government will begin evacuating 40 million people around mid-June from areas that will become unlivable because of a toxic chemical in the dispersants BP is using to try to clean up the sticky mess. In case that’s not scary enough for you, Evensen also suggests that possible “alien hybrids” pretending to be U.S. troops could be among those enforcing the evacuation.”
So I have a suggestion for Mr. Beck and his Blaze news organization. Start investigating the connections between Mr. Soros and the Rothschilds and Rockefellers. But be very careful. I suspect that, once you start down that road, your life will be in great danger.
How much you save depends on two things and their differences: how much you make, and how much you spend. Since you have more control over how much you spend than how much you make, it’s best to focus on how much you spend. Start recording everything you spend your money on for a couple of weeks to a month and be as detailed as possible, not leaving out any small purchases. This will help you to find some obvious cuts you can make. After making some difficult decisions and thinking about your priorities, calculate how much those cuts can save you per year and you will be much more motivated to save.
L. Live: Texas
The card is a simple card with an embossed top part, a sentiment from my design runner (and I won't go into how long it took me to get that bit right!) and some glitter stuck on to double sided tape.
I love these beauties potted in something unexpected.
Iron Stylus: Hey, Jeff! Seen this new Leona skin?
Who are you donning your red in honor of this month?
Tell me, how does a girly girl wear these ugly things? I'm going to have to develop a whole new mind set about athletic clothing. Well, maybe as long as it's Lululemon athletic clothing, I guess I can suck it up and feel a little fashionable while I'm walking.
Folding Chairs
Or started crying.
Maybe you're all already tired of being apologized to about my late posts, so this time, I won't . But I will make it up to you guys with a Discharge megapost.
"Zuccotti Park, and all subsequent encampments, became spaces of experiment with creating the institutions of a new society - not only democratic General Assemblies but kitchens, libraries, clinics, media centres and a host of other institutions, all operating on anarchist principles of mutual aid and self-organisation - a genuine attempt to
20) Ace Hardware
as i look around i remember myself running up here,
Tomorrow, if it comes, I will leave the Oyster Plaza. Find a new refuge far away from the urban hell of Paranaque.
North Antrim Magistrates Court heard how a man purchased a Hyndman’s malt loaf from a supermarket in the Ballymoney area before Christmas 2007.
Fast forwarding a few years, my sister began to slowly put on her own weight and all the feelings of jealousy that I once had began to fade. I just wished she would return to perfect because I knew what fat felt like and never wanted her to feel the way I did.
My husband says it is just a matter of time before I give in and give Holly my blanket and he is probably right. I wonder... if I replace my blanket with a new one...will she want the new one too?
Then, the dancing began! We hired DJ Toad all the way from Cincinnati...because he is just that good...seriously! We had a ball and danced for hours!
A different sort of pacing is learning to draft. No, not beer. Cars. NASCAR. Being able to patiently cruise on someone else’s bumper until just the right moment requires skill and finesse.
I have to admit – and hopefully this can help some of you relate to what I’m going to talk about – there was once a time when I thought BSL was a good idea. It was back before I worked for the shelter, and I thought, “If they make pit bulls illegal then people won’t have access to them for dog fighting and it’s better for the doggies!” Could I have been more naive? Ha. Just goes to show you how “Joe Schmoe” I was: no inside info about pit bulls, no look into the rescue world, and no biases based on the work I do. So, while I know I’ll be preaching to the choir for a lot of you, I also hope to share some insight for others.
First of all, it was very cruel of you, Professor Z, to post this knowing how many of us are graduating now. I was forced to look back on all 4 of those years and wonder, where in the balls did they go? It’s going to be hard leaving Temple behind and reading Ben Jones’s list of 50 tips for college was almost too goddamn poignant for me to handle. You could practically taste the nostalgia dripping off this guy’s words and now I have to face the reality that that is going to be me in a few months.
Days ago, I fled into a world of loveliness.
In the second photo, hopefully you can see the depth of the storage area to give you an idea of how much you can potentially stock up in what may look like a small area. Shelves are one of your best friends when it comes to creating space for food storage.
Soon it may be illegal to use the word “illegal,” or at least politically incorrect (not that anyone gives a shit about PC).
Today I have for your enjoyment (I hope) I tag I made for a dear friend. I was going to do this for a monthly swap with Circle of Friends, but due to circumstances I wasn't able to join the fun. I had this idea swimming in my head and one morning I woke up and just know how I wanted it to look and this is what I ended up with.
Grind the soaked dry green peas,soaked soyabeans with cloves, cinnamon stick as coarse paste.
1. Whole grain pasta, 1 packet.
Respiratory conditions
DISCLAIMER: I was provided with a copy of this book by Zondervan for purposes of review. I was not required to give a positive review, only a fair and honest one. My opinions are my own.
able to see how it fits into the story they now believe, an expanded
Yesterday, When I Was Young
(Kneeling on the ground – our right response to Jesus as God)
Even with that tagline, I was a little skeptical I could drink and eat $50 worth of damn good beer. I was wrong. It was delicious, and I couldn't drink another beer after it was over...though I did. (More on that later).
With opening night of Ben Stevenson’s Cinderella nearly upon us, we wanted to take a moment to share with you a bit of the fascinating history that surrounds the original Cinderella fairytale. Read this excerpt from pages 6-9 of Ballet SJ’s Cinderella Playbill, which can be downloaded and read in its entirety from the Ballet San Jose website.
The Corp changed servers on Tuesday so all their web addresses changes, and as of this afternoon the redirects weren’t working, hence the page not found messages.
Hope this week finds you with the courage to do what you must and the comfort of knowing you are loved.
the United States and Cuba after a
If imitation is the sincerest form of flattery then these designers should consider themselves very much admired by the design team at H&M. While it is not uncommon to take a little element here and there from a great piece that comes down the runway, line by line copies with minimal changes in fabric or small details are generally not lauded by high-end designers. The looks that are presented during fashion week retail for hundreds more dollars than H&M’s rock bottom prices. A fact that is not lost on the labels or savvy customers for that matter.
Hmmmm...."
128 ***8. “One Introduction to Confucian Thought.” University of Chicago Magazine, Summer 1974, pp. 21-28. Printed with additions, in Item C-1984(1), below. (Source: Item D-I/18(B)/1974, below. Incorporated in Item B-12, above, pp. 89-145. (2002.)
Popsicle sticks, ribbon pieces, buttons, beads, colorful paper, markers, crayons, glue, stickers, yarn, flowers, greeting cards, etc. We gave ours to Tiny Tim’s Daycare.
My father, as has been mentioned, is a salesman, and a good one at that. Ol' Paul has a talent for conversation, for appealing to the common denominator in any group. He is not shy about using this talent.
25. Hong Kong Phooey
Andy Brown: Bass
leeks and garlic sauteing:
These are the socks I mentioned last post. My blockers aren't wide enough to stretch out and show the pattern - but that long column is a wave that ripples down the entire leg and foot. This is my latest design, and they will be socks for my Dad for father's day.
No matter how honest,
9:00 AM- We start getting ready to go to Tar.get.
Until 1923, Cayce’s readings were mostly restricted to the medical field. He didn’t know that a completely strange field was opening up in front of him that would deeply affect his faith.
I hope you all have a fabulous weekend!
Rarely does an album title ever perfectly capture how well an album truly is and Green Day’s latest album Awesome As F**k (the band’s fifth live album) does just that. Even as their song “Fashion Victim” (from their album Warning) says, “What’s in a name?” Green Day knows how to make an awesome album with a killer title. Ever since I could remember I have always been a huge fan of Green Day. Strike that. Since 1994, when I first heard Dookie, I have been a huge Green Day fan. For the past decade I have received the strangest looks from people when I proclaim this. Usually, there is some kind of remark along the lines like “How could you support those ‘Anti-Americans’?” or “Why would you support a band that ‘sold out’?” To those naysayers I simply say, “I will always remain a faithful fan through thick and thin because I truly love Green Day. Besides how many bands do you know can say they have made two iconic albums in two different centuries (Dookie and American Idiot)?”
K2 Global Communications, LLC is a highly experienced, creative and most importantly – respected – network of professionals spanning diverse categories, segments of business, industry, government, communities and cultures. Emerging Market Identification and Relationship Building from the Local-to-International Level.
Of course this was all back in the day that you were a sell-out if you joined the BlogHer ad network, and it was rare to be asked to review much more than a book or the occasional ill-conceived personal lubricant. It was certainly before Nielsen started quantifying blogger "power" and moms accepted free trips to Disney and holy cow, is this the blog world I joined where people wrote funny stories about their kids? Or some wacky free-for-all where air fresheners and other assorted package goods fall from the sky and the goal is to grab as many as you can, quick! Quick, before someone else gets them!
Though it might not be immediately apparent, the reason the industry is diverting water, shunting it over from one river basin to the other, is this- - The water is not coming directly from the Ohio River and not supposed to actually go into the Susquehanna. Instead, in what is viewed as a conservation measure it is “flowback water” going from gas well drilling pads in the Ohio River to be reused for more fracking at nearby gas drilling pads in the Susquehanna basin. Each gas pad can be and typically is the location for multiple wells, perhaps 12-16. (If the water were going directly from river to river the SRBC would be concerned about invasive species. For instance, to mention just two, Lake Chautauqua feeding into the Ohio system is struggling with invasive species such as Eurasian Milfoil and Zebra Mussels. Another reason this is not a concern is that it is unlikely that organisms could be in the chemical “flowback water” environment.)
Ugh. Monday. You can be such a total jerk.
Apart from the ocean, they know how to party in the Keys. Cuban culture abounds in southern Florida, and last year during the aptly named Cuban Fest, revelers participated in a coast-to-coast conga line. Olé!
Biomedical Communications
Working with guides, Mr. Brandt shoots almost exclusively from a car with a medium-format Pentax 67II and spends three months of every year photographing all around East Africa. (He’s based in southern California).
This is something you know, if you've ever experienced the pleasures of returning to one of your favorite books from childhood:
Things are poppin' all around me, it always gets busy in spring, somehow. So I am tired from everything that has been happening lately and next week I have my semi-annual round of meetings that lasts ALL WEEK and with social events EVERY night. And a busy weekend to follow as well.
Sure, people might look at you funny when you enthusiastically piss, but every public urinal pee would be an educational experience. You’re probably thinking that there isn’t much to know about urinals. Maybe the Urinal Buff could also have vast toilet seat knowledge. You don’t know.
“Are you or have you?” he replied, returning my stare.
But, something has always been missing… it’s hard to explain what but there was definitely something. And so, after much research, a lot of saving up and an awful lot of time spent drooling over one in the bike shop, I am ridiculously happy to report that I shall very shortly be ordering myself a Surly Troll!
Q. Will you consider doing another of these Q & A’s?
Many of the refugees await the day they can return to Sri Lanka. Some fled two decades ago. Many of the children and teenagers here were born in India, and have ”never seen the colour of the island”. But others doubt their homeland, where the ethnic Sinhalese majority has a stranglehold on government and the Tamil-homeland north still swarms with government soldiers, will ever be safe for their return. S.C. Chandrahasan, treasurer of the Organisation for Eelam Refugees Rehabilitation and himself a refugee, says there is a sophisticated human trafficking network operating in southernIndia. The traffickers prey on Tamil, men mainly, no longer in danger for their lives, but frustrated by the prospect of an entire life spent as a refugee.
The INSPIRING banner is done! It took the better part of three months, but I'm very happy with how it turned out. I designed the original in another color scheme for a specific project (it was more pastel in color), and I adapted it for the shop in a jewel tone palette, just in case you want a little (or some big) inspiration on your walls to remind you how fab you are :) Each letter has a happy, motivational message (and I didn't even cheese out & pull duplicates on the repeat letters. Both "N"s and all "I"s have their own design!).
Which band was Paul Brady a member of in the 1970′s?
And there’s the rub… why, oh why, does the Weight Watchers site not interface with the Fitbit site (never mind, I know why)…
In the interview, Obama said he had long supported civil unions but his position on same-sex marriages had been evolving because of the powerful traditions and religious beliefs attached to the word marriage.
I chose to use this cute dress making stand and the sentiment Stitched Together with Love.
Mike Rogers, chairman of the House Intelligence Committee, cites cyber attacks as the top threat to the United States outside of Al Qaeda. He particularly blames Russia and China. US Air Force personnel work in the Air Force Space Command Network …
Coming on the shoulders of no less than five previous origin movies, The Avengers does not need to introduce its characters. What it does, is jump into the plot and use it to build them. The Tesseract - introduced in Captain America - has been stolen by Loki (Tom Hiddleston), and Nick Fury, the director of S.H.I.E.L.D. (Samuel Jackson) decides it's time to assemble a response team to avert an oncoming alien invasion. Steve Rogers/Captain America (Chris Evans), Tony Stark/Iron Man (Robert Downey Jr.), Thor of Asgard (Chris Hemsworth) and Bruce Banner/The Hulk (Mark Ruffalo), as well as S.H.I.E.L.D. agents Natasha Romanov/Black Widow (Scarlet Johansson) and Clint Barton/Hawkeye (Jeremy Renner) all come together under different circumstances, but with one goal - to stop a threat none of them can contain alone.
All we can say is big huge beary thank you. If you are reading our blog we appreciate it, it you are commenting we love it and if you have sent us an email about a customised bear you get a big hug, tea and a piece of cake in TheBigForest hut.
heartbeat raised, thud thump,
I pulled over and waited as the old fellow trudged up beside the truck. Leaning across the cab, I opened the passenger side door and offered him a ride. He nodded, not saying a word and stepped back as if to climb into the bed of my truck, already piled high with what few possessions I carried and stacks of Edward Abbey books in Rainier boxes.
4. It can’t have an association to a student who gave me gray hair already.
.... bring May flowers.
If you are an agency nurse, a home health agency nurse, a nursing home nurse, an independent duty nurse, or you are not employed by a large hospital chain, then you should consider nursing liability insurance mandatory. It appears that complaints of negligence against nurses working in these positions are far more likely. This may be because of the high turnover of nurses in some types of healthcare facilities (such as nursing homes), or because the nurse is no longer employed at the facility when the investigation begins (for example, in the case of an agency nurse). Additionally, agency nurses may only work in facility for a short period of time making them less familiar with the facility’s policies and procedures, and not a part of the permanent team of nurses who may have established relationships with each other and are more likely to cover for each other.
The weather has been dreadful. Last year it was lovely, rather like March this year. In the past few days we have had nearly 30mm of rain. Oh well they said the UK had a drought so it rained.
the part that always seemed to eviscerate my patience
Pig knuckles and chicken feathers. These were my mother’s favorite scary stories when my brothers and I were growing up.
When one is constantly, experientially aware that both the body and the mind are accumulations that one has gathered, that is samadhi. You are in the body, but you are not it. You are of the mind, but you are not it. That means you are absolutely free of suffering because whatever suffering you have known enters you either through the body or through the mind. Once your awareness is keen enough to create a space between these two accumulations and who you really are — this is the end of all suffering.
Once a fellow homeschooling friend told me, when I commented on how clean her house was and there was NO WAY my house would ever be that clean - "Oh Laura, you should have seen it yesterday! The minute the kids woke up, I ordered them to start cleaning with me, because everyone was coming over today - it is NEVER this clean. I always tell people - you can either have a clean house, or you can teach your kids - it's impossible to do both."
for over a month now. I would love it if you guys would head on over there and check them out! Make sure to sign up as a follower and see all the fabulous inspiration every single week. They also have tons of free sketches to keep your creativity flowing!
I have never really had a great, fantastic, spectacular Valentine’s day, so I “lost that lovin’ feeling” for the great day of St. Valentine a LONG time ago.
3.A visit with the doctor, a nurse, and a psychologist.
Elizabeth Bennet.
Then sang Gunnlaug:—
But I've managed to calm down and get some sleep, so I'm better now.
Blocks.
The world renowned street is known as the place for bespoke tailoring and has been since the early 19th century. Companies such as Gieves & Hawkes, H. Huntsman & Sons, Dege & Skinner, Davies and Sons and established fashion houses such as Oswald Boateng are located on the street.
MY 2nd LETTER TO THE JUDGE ROBERTS.
Haven't written for a while so I thought I would update the blog. We are so glad that it is almost spring here in West Texas. We had quite a cold blast here and we even hit an all time record. We got as low as -10 with the windchill and that is unusual for this area. It was so cold that it froze our pipes. Even when the plumber said that the new tubing would stand up to the cold to -31. (Has now renigged on that comment). Anyway needless to say it was scary to not have any water at all. Thank goodness we had water bottles that we could use for the time being. It sure makes you stop and think what kind of heat and water backup you have in case of a real emergency that lasts longer than just a few days. Other areas had their electricity go out, but we were lucky ours did not.
To top it off, I can’t get over how cute my little man is. He is a master manipulator and knows how to play us. Thanks to his father for that.
Click on the cover for more information!
Word, you are like a healthy tree planted by rivers of water. God has
To celebrate the release of Skater Boy - the first book in the "First Kiss Club" I've been asking some fellow authors to tell me a first kiss story of their own! This one comes from PJ Sharon, author of the ebook "Heaven is for Heroes" and "On Thin Ice."
And… it’s only a habit.
Socialization, technically speaking, is the ability to adapt to the needs of any given group, to learn the cultural norms expected of such a person in the community in which he or she lives.
The more they talked about it, the more I was warming up to the idea....but still NOT ready to take the plunge and actually get one. The online searching continued, the Animal Planet shows continued, and the monthly PetSmart visits continued, too.
specific colors
Genres : Drama, Thriller
These are the principals that should inform our daily lives, actions, and decisions. Are we being watchful over our students so that they are challenged in a positive way? Are we impatient and expect things from them that we haven’t properly trained them enough in? Do we care about their feelings, even if they seem insignificant from our adult perspective? Do we put them first, above our own comfort and convenience? Do we really listen to them? Are we nurturing and affectionately loving them through the fun, the tedious, and the challenging? Are we regularly weighing and adjusting according to their development and growing maturity? Are we being tender when bringing correction? Do they feel safe with us, and know that in all things we have their best interests in mind?
Nalini Gangen, director of the Cape Law Society, says, however, that Ms Johnstone’s views are “without substance or legal basis”.
Cookbook author, “Vegetarian Celebrations” “Vegetariana”, “Vegetarian Soups for All Seasons”, “Vegatarian Express”, “Great American Vegetarian”, “Pasta East to West”
Themed History Weekends at CIHP:
Do you have a favorite quote you’ve read? “Slow and steady wins the race”. I do a lot of running and coach a girls team and that is our/my mantra. Who cares if you win? Just finish and enjoy the experience.
I help them financially with their medication needs, but I wish they could buy other things than just their medication drugs with the money I give them every pay day. That will only be possible if prescription drugs will be covered by PhilHealth.
It was not a surprising list:
Selina Conrad, founder and owner of The Rigging Box, was one of the first to become a part of the FIRST® team, recognizing the value in offering her customers the latest and safest lifting and rigging products. Phil Garner said that he was proud to be a part of this project. “It was so well planned and I was so impressed by the overall organization.” The Rigging Box also manufactured 20 inch wide by 4 feet Edge Lifters® for edge protection.
6. In no time, my fair donkey was ram's heading his clay, twirling his swirly wheel, splashing fingers and sponges in water whilst amazing shapes rose and fell beneath his most capable of hands, (oops, I mean 'hooves.')
We’re lucky enough in Melbourne to have a book store dedicated to romance books. Rendezvous is a great space to browse, chat with fellow romance book lovers and there’s also a cafe so you can chill out and get a cup of coffee with your book.
So please, take some one minute, you’ll write your name, your address, your phone number, and the group you want to belong to.
There’s quite possibly a fair bit more here…
so many things to let go of – if – it is the life for me…
"This is not about Ann Romney. This is about the waitress in a diner in some place in Nevada who has two kids whose day care funding is being cut off because of the Romney/Ryan budget and she doesn't know what to do," Rosen said in a follow-up CNN interview. "Does Mitt Romney have a vision for bringing women up economically and can he himself stop referring to his wife as his economic surrogate? That's an important thing. He's the one that keeps doing this. Not me."
God bends low to reach His children, too.
window and after careful (five minutes) consideration
The CPS have many nicknames. ‘Couldn’t Prosecute Satan’, ‘Clowns Pretending to be Solicitors’, ‘Criminal Protection Service’, ‘Can’t Prosecute, Sorry.’ At my level they are almost universally disliked. Some of them are so risk-averse you can forget proceeding on a decent ABH based on witness accounts, or even admissions – they won’t authorise charge unless you’ve got DNA, CCTV, a full suite of forensics and mobile phone mast location data. There are others who seem to operate on the rock-paper-scissors method of deciding whether to authorise.
“The scene is set in a parking lot where a kidnapping takes place. It is a chase scene between Ajay (Devgn) and some gangsters for which we will require to blow up cars. In the shot, there will be about 200 cars out of which we will blow up 20 cars,” Shetty said in a press statement.
Private-equity firm Carlyle Group’s initial public offering late Wednesday priced at $22 a share, below the company’s expected range of $23 to $25, according to a report in the online version of The Wall Street Journal.
A general noticed one of his soldiers behaving oddly. The soldier would pick up any piece of paper he found, frown and say, "That's not it," and put it down again. This went on for some time, until the general arranged to have the soldier psychologically tested.
And, upon taking a closer look at it, I said,
Popular Italian regions are Calabria, Marche, Lazio and more inexpensive places on the borromini hotel rome italy that you will really have to use any other option, are very expensive matter, where you do that. You may end up with outrageous bill waiting to be on roaming in Italy. There are lots of islands which form a full country known as Italy.
2-9 Deep Indian Long 5:12
I am praying God multiplies...finances, readers, blog hits, you name it.
21 Bind them continually upon your heart;
Should get me about 1.055, 14 IBUs, and 34.2 SRM.
Have you heard the saying, “Don’t wear your emotions on your sleeve?” Wearing your emotions on your sleeve means that you let everyone know whether you’re having a good day or a bad day and God help us all if it’s the latter. People that tend to do this let their circumstances dictate their attitude. Like a river, they rise during the rainy seasons and dry out in the heat of summer.
...your journey is your own
Crumble Whisk first 5 ingredients in a medium bowl. Add butter. Using your fingertips, rub in butter until pea-size lumps form. Add egg yolk; stir to evenly distribute and form moist clumps. (Crumble should resemble a mixture of pebbles and sand.) Chill for at least 1 hour. Do ahead: Can be made 3 days ahead. Cover and keep chilled.
I started this blanket not long after I found out I was pregnant. I would work on it here and there thinking I had 9 months, that is so much time! Ha! Avery is now 5 months old and it is finally done.
Rice to fill the jar with,
Tens of thousands of Canadians have written to me in recent weeks to wish me well. I want to thank each and every one of you for your thoughtful, inspiring and often beautiful notes, cards and gifts. Your spirit and love have lit up my home, my spirit, and my determination.
304 **12. “Law & Literature and the Bible: Explorations.” Oklahoma City University Law Review, vol. 23, pp. 515-868 (1998). (Sources: Items D-XI/9/1991, D-IV/12/1992, D-II/7/1995, D-II/6/1984, D-IV/28(B)/1996, D-X/4/1996, D-XI/11/1995, D-VI/1(B)/1986, D-IX/1/1995, D-III/29/1997, D-V/4/1984, D-XI/7/1993, D-II/22/1975, D-IV/12/1987, D-IX/30/1979, D-V/14/1992, D-III/6(A)/1976, D-IX/1/1983, D-II/28/1998, D-IV/24(A)/1998, D-IV/24(B)/1998, C-1998(14) (full version), C-1998(13) (full version), D-II/5/1998, D-II/4/1999, E-XI/10/1998, E-X-20/1998, E-XI/14/1998, E-XII/3/1998, E-XII/11/1998, E-I/15/1999, E-II/5/1999, E-I/29/1999, E-II/4/1990, and E-III/3/1999, below.) See ibid., pp. 501-13 (Introduction by Robert H. Henry.)
this machine begs for luck
I love the fact that Cass is already spoken for. This adds more tension in the book and I sure do LOVE tension. It seems like Cass is being forced into this marriage? Who knows, but I dig that so much. If she's looking for a way out of this soon-to-be-marriage, well, I want to know how she plans to do so. It says she's feeling trapped so I am only assuming here that she is living a miserable life. Plus, who is this guy anyway!? I wonder what he is like and if we'll get more than just a freaking glimpse of him. I hope he's got some dirty little secret that he's hiding from Cass. Of course reason #4 could be a suspect for being the killer and if so then we're all in for a crazy ride!! ;)
Until the problem is corrected, Zdebski, who now works as a bartender, can’t resolve the failing to register charge in Chicago.
At #29 Minnesota got some good value by selecting Notre Dame safety Harrison Smith. Smith is a ball-hawking safety who reminds me a lot of Ed Reed with the way he is consistently around the ball. With the #30 pick, San Francisco added another offensive weapon for Alex Smith to play with. Speedy AJ Jenkins from Illinois should be able to take the top off of defenses. Tampa Bay, early in the day Thursday was rumored to be persuing the #3 pick so they could pick Trent Richardson. Instead, at #31 the Buccaneers chose Boise State running back Doug Martin. Martin is more of a complete package than current Bucs running back Lagarette Blount. With the final pick of round one, the New York Giants selected Virginia Tech running back David Wilson. Some consider him a stretch at #32. In my opinion, however, Wilson will make a nice compliment to starter Ahmad Bradshaw. With Wilson’s skillset, taking over for Bradshaw within the first 2 or 3 years isn’t out of the question.
Have you ever heard of prince charming, beauty and the beast, sleeping beauty, waiting for true love’s kiss….. Hopeless, I am hopeless, all is vanity. Let me just continue, hopefully, this will be virile.
In innocence, the night began,
Anyway, enough about my kids school experience. They are now in a local charter school, and I am thrilled with where they are. #1 is thriving. She is completely caught up, and loves school. They even deal with #2's free spirit pretty well. They are in a group with 10 other kids, so they are better able to customize learning to where they are at.
It was a once in a lifetime experience and I am so glad that I went to my first but certainly not last F1 race. I already checked, they have the US Grand Prix in Texas in November this year. Hmmm…. roadtrip?
Anyways, a few weeks ago we were getting my car fixed & we went over to the mall while we were waiting. We started looking at jewelry stores just to see what was out there when it came to wedding sets. Gabe got me a beautiful engagement ring & then a wedding band that I LOVE, but they don't go together & I haven't been able to wear either due to various reasons.
Cost so far: 1609 gold + 2175 Justice Points + 12000 Honor Points
Sweeping over our thoughts like a broom,
If you have seen the trailer you may know that something more is going than this cliché set-up implies but you are probably not prepared for what this film delivers. I smiled and laughed and wanted to cheer many times when watching it. The acting is great and I really liked the dialogue, especially between the characters Sitterson (Richard Jenkins) and Hadley (Bradley Whitford). The ending is just total madness and a pure feast of blood and horror. If you like horror and have a dark sense of humour you will probably love this film and I highly recommend people go see it.
I still need to clean off the top shelves, but believe me, I got a lot accomplished on just the lower half of the closet!
My General waited till the soldiers and wounded were all pass’d over,
HUMANITIES GRANTS
The truth is….I really don’t know what I’m doing, and I hope that you guys know that. I am just like any of you. I am on the same journey. I research my own disorder because it’s the only way I know to deal with it. I write about it because I want others to know we (as a population) are not crazy, and it helps give me insight into my own stuff. I feel like if I understand it, if I can make sense of it, I can handle it/manage it better. I help others out of complete genuine care and concern. I share what has worked for me because I want to. Occasionally I hear the comforting words I can offer to others, and I think to myself, “I would be wise to listen to my own self.” I am a hypocrite, but it is not intentional.
100. Cards. Playing cards is a fun and social experience. Find some card-playing partners and set up a weekly or monthly card date.
I got it in my head on Friday that I wanted to redo our laundry, so on a whim I took Mark to Bunnings, chose a paint colour, went home and started painting! The painting is finished and it looks fabulous, there a few more little things I want to do in there, and when I have, I'll put up some pics!
The present excavation has placed Peshawar proudly in the ranks of very few other cities in the world and digging more evidence will further boost its distinction, he added.
I on the other hand remember taking you out to lunch 'Petra. You were about 8, a very mature 8. I ordered us open sandwiches, and mine were roastbeef and other 'adult' varieties. When they brought yours in, we both stared at the plate mouths agape. Do you remember what the third sandwich was, 'Petra? 'Petra smiled from ear to ear. Yes, I do, 'Petra answered, it was buttered white bread with thin slices of chocolate and banana on top. I don't think I'd ever eaten anything that gross before. Eloise smiled, you didn't eat it though. I remember you throwing a hissy fit at the waiter who brought you an entirely new plate identical to the one I had. 'Petra chuckled, sounds like me but I don't remember that.
PTSD doesn't exist.
Where was the narrative impact?
Since being back at SSH, they have both been doing well. Colton is a moose and weighs 6lbs, 8oz and Keltie is holding at around 5lbs, 2oz. They are preparing Keltie for discharge and it may even be this week! Colton is still struggling a bit with some spells – but not nearly as much as he was prior to going on the thickened feeds. His reflux is just brutal on him. But, on Saturday he was put on room air with no breathing support and he’s been doing awesome ever since!
“Too many empty promises from MAHB. We as airlines get blamed for their poor performance,” Fernandes said.
And last but not least, what's left of my bush beans.
You haven’t lived until you’ve hit someone ‘smack’ in the face with a snowball. If you live in a country without snow, you can always resort to scraping it off the inside of your freezer until you have enough to make a snowball with.
If using parchment paper, to start, roll your parchment paper out. You want to get a perfect square, and actually you’re going to cut that square right in half to make a triangle.
of something that came before her
This weekend we qualified four of our top athletes, in two separate regions, for a trip to the 2012 CrossFit Games.
Success
Though they paint the wall to stop my pen–
Thank you for passing by and don’t forget to bookmark our page!
It is easy to forget how progressive Tony Blair's first term was, we saw innovations like the windfall tax on privatised utilities, the Human Rights Act, steps to remover hereditary peers from the house of Lords with talk of a fully elected upper chamber, the minimum wage and the adoption of the EU social charter; as well of course as the democratisation of the already devolved governments in Wales and Scotland, and talk of regional governments in England.
1 clove garlic, sliced
Ok, this is looking somewhat better; 21 executed contracts (one of them is a Dolphin Cove property, but, like the Palmer Hill condos, I consider them to be “almost” Greenwich).
So its 2010 and time flows on and who can know the future, perhaps we shall somehow survive, perhaps somehow, somewhere, for now I see little hope, the rise of a confused nationalism, a nationalism that attacks Islam because they are trained to, led to and the creation of a force for evil upon the streets, a force that again attacks simply Islam, whilst the real problem, the real enemy goes scot-free. Happy New Year one and all, today in this country it has never looked so bleak, so perilous, so almost done but I cannot write us off wholly yet, not yet, most do not know the battle and hope though small they cannot wholly extinguish, cannot take, everything else they can have but not our hearts, not our hope, they never could, Happy New Year patriots wherever you are.
My niece has a pet tarantula bigger than my fist. She has raised him from a baby and handles him regularly. I won’t go anywhere near her when she has him out because he’s hairy and creepy looking. She offered to let me pet him once, but I refused on principle. Any spider big enough to pet should either be released into the wild or (if it comes in my house) killed on the spot.
We had Easter brunch at the hotel the previous weekend and had been invited to return for the Grille 39 experience. We dined at the restaurant on a Friday evening, around 7 p.m., and I wasn’t surprised to see many open tables due to it being a hotel restaurant. However, once you are seated you may even forget you were in a hotel lobby. The decor is rich in colors: burnt orange, dark yet brilliant blues. The seating was comfortable as we were sat near the fire for the evening. We were quickly seated and met by our server who was pleasant and informative throughout the evening. She explained the weekly specials and a few of her favorites after we placed our drink orders. With a smile, she delivered our drinks and we relaxed with images of a delicious meal in our heads.
The review copy was kindly sent by the publishers, Walker Books. If you make a purchase using the Amazon links on this site, a small portion goes to Great Kid Books (at no cost to you!). Thank you for your support.
Beloved of God, it’s time bloom.
Attendance: d. Ghaliun, a. Farouk, a. Samir, d.Abdul Basit, d. Basma
Human Ambition
Essential emergency supplies list
About Amazing Stories: Amazing Stories™ features a variety of titles to entertain, delight, and fascinate. Dedicated to great storytelling, these true Canadian stories range from funny to daring to purely inspirational. The books are identified by genre – History, Biography, Women, Animal, Human Interest, Mystery, Romance, Business, etc.,– to help you identify the books that you are interested in, either for yourself or as a gift for others.
Post # 15928893
are returning home having empty hands!
Originally produced for DK's marketing staff, the video--which literally reverses itself halfway through, turning the conventional doom and gloom about the future of books on its head in the most ingenious way--has since gone viral.
Brain Waves – We interact consciously in the beta level. With a few minutes on the Chi Machine, our brain relaxes to the alpha level and sometimes to the theta level, which also helps you to meditate better and have a more restful sleep.
Requests for information are now being accepted for the possible adaptive reuse of the Rogers Street Firehouse. Deadline is June 15. For more information contact urbanartspace@bloomington.in.gov.
Winter in Canada is a sneaky thing. Just when you think it’s gone for good, and days upon days of mild, spring-like weather have occurred, a massive overnight snowstorm will hit. Yesterday, when I went to bed, the grass was showing in our lawn, and a day’s worth of rain had washed the last of the muddy-looking snow away. This morning, it was like waking up to a silent winter wonderland. Yes, it’s much prettier than the muddy snow-leftovers, but it just means that winter is still in full-swing. Ugh. Enough complaining though…
11. Waiting
Whatever the reason, a daily solution is still (as it was for grandad) sock garters, and among the nicest are those made by Swan Clothing. An accessory company started by Tara Bethune-Leamen 2005, she has previously focused on women’s accessories, however her luxury sock garters could be considered a first foray into the men’s room, so to speak. These garters are ultimately unisex — not entirely surprising since women have historically co-opted our dry goods and looked better in them (e.g. The Night Porter and what Ms Rampling did for peaked officer caps/suspenders); as such, one shouldn’t be alarmed when visiting the Swan Clothing website. You will find a shapely set of lady’s gams modeling them for you which, frankly, I reckon as a bonus. If only Polo did that with bow ties; I’d buy even more.
and what does the Lord require of you
- Paraben and formaldehyde free
In 2011 the Party started attacking me publicly with inflammatory and libellous statements. It also subsequently came to my knowledge that the Chairman had intended to falsify information with intent to bankrupt me in an attempt to evict me from the GLA. There remains the possibility that I may face legal proceedings over unpaid printing bills relating the Barking and Daghenham elections and incurred by Head Office, which I had been specifically led believe had been paid and consequently signed off in good faith as party agent. All this is hardly the sort of behaviour one would expect from the leadership of a national party which is supposed stand for the principles of honesty and integrity.
You may recall that Chapman was arrested in New York City in June of 2010 after accepting a fake passport from an undercover FBI agent and agreeing to pass it on to a third party. Chapman, aka Anna Vasilyevna Kushchenko, was subsequently deported to Russia with nine other members of her spy ring in an exchange for four Americans who were being held captive there for spying.
Faced. A living without life when you move
(This made for a rather funny interlude with a neighbor lady down the street that I was just having a conversation with. Right in the middle of it, I just kind of fell backwards and staggered to keep my balance, and I had to utter some lame-ass statement like "No, I'm not drunk, I just have vertigo. Really." But I digress.)
Hercules stepped out of the rock onto a New York beach. He plodded along the streets to a nearby hotel called the RPG Palace. He stepped inside to a frog wearing glasses and a blue vest. He was holding a book about mind reading.
Well it rained all day on Sunday. So nice to sleep late and snuggle. When it comes to Monday, ack, what a chore to wake up. A chance to wear thick clothing, even wore my winter jacket to work.
Lastly, I added that hoot owl trivet. I spray painted him so I don't think he's useful for hot dishes any more.
However, in scanning and site-surfing for data over the last week, one particular trend seems to be ticking away in the background – if trends, like time-bombs, tick. This involves the quiet moves going on around the world to consolidate all types of bourses and exchanges into fewer and fewer hands.
I hate being sick. I have such a bad cold right now. There are tissues everywhere - I think I've gone through a whole box! Halls and Shower Soother wrappers littering my trash cans and Dayquil every 4 hours.
The only think I don't like about the Yudu is the emulsion sheets - they're hard to find, and pretty expensive (like approximately $10 each). The emulsion sheets are what you burn the image into, then after that you put the ink on the screen to make your print. It's not as hard as it sounds, but with the high cost of the emulsion, let's just say we've had to dam up our "creative juices" somewhat. However, I'm excited to say that one of the other blogs I read (Grosgrain Fabulous) give me hope that we might not be stifled for long. I had read before that one could use liquid emulsion, but didn't know where to get it or how to use it. This site showed me both!
85. Sonny Phillips - Proud Mary (8:02)
Jews were greatly over-represented among the early revolutionaries and later among the leaders of the Soviet Union, including the various incarnations of the secret police. The statistics that Slezkine presents are startling. Here are some of them.
He thought the mirrors were just sexy.
This morning I’m thinking about how my ongoing discontent is like those bald stems and browned leaves. My impatience over not being able to know the future like a fortune teller annoys me. I’m often tempted to cut off a difficult opportunity for growth when my enthusiasm wanes.
“It’s about being a widow, but it’s very jolly . . . it’s sort of slightly ridiculous. I mean, it’s totally ridiculous.”
Guts 2
2am! Bang and I’m awake with one thought in my mind. “Exactly what does 29 million leaflets look like!”
We got together and I decided to create a paladin. I named him Barrin nine-toes. The nine-toes is not a reference to Borderlands and has a lot to do with his backstory. I chose to create a paladin because their code of honor spoke to me at the time. They were concentrated on righting wrongs and helping others. Barrin was roaming from town to town, like a wandering sheriff or a ronin. I had a plan for his story and deeds, but we’ll get to that later.
“Show me a good loser, and I’ll show you a loser”, said someone very intelligent, I’m sure. I don’t necessarily fully agree with this sentiment, especially when you see the antics of Manchester United at the Etihad this evening. Joe Hart didn’t have a save to make, and, if City hadn’t been so nervous, they should surely have won at a canter?
I can be thankful that I am not starving,
Whether this develops into a full blown giddy-fit subsequent to tasting remains to be seen - but rumour has it that William Hill have already stopped taking bets on a top ten score.
I’m sure that the world could have done better without the slogans, which is as much a contributor to noise pollution as vehicles.
Even though we are VERY excited, we are still very much in a place of waiting. Shortly after all of this took place back in March, Heath and I found a new home. We had been in the process of looking for a few months and then the most perfect house popped up and we moved on it very quickly.
“You can’t be here,” David called out after getting up from the floor, “this is private property and if you are refugees there are approved routes for you to travel. You need to turn around and go back from where you came, I have a right to defend myself from trespassers.”
Keep dust jacket or toss it?
Genre: Ficiton
Gorilla Bananas
“Small convoy?” Tanner already knew the answer.
47-48
These questions ran across her mind as the first rays of light started to creep into the room. The light had started to reveal a scene that was hard to bear. What she thought were shadows strewn across the floor from some unseen source were in fact spatters of blood. It was almost as if beast had fought for supremacy. As she the image of blood started to become a reality in her mind copper taste of it touched her senses.
It says a lot for that Dunfermline team that drew at Tynecastle more than two decades ago that so many of them made a decent stab at the managerial game. The side was fairly workmanlike - their star player was Hungarian Istvan Kozma who sensationally signed for Liverpool for £300k two years later - but the studious nature of their manager at the time, Ian Munro, clearly rubbed off on some of the players.
And then there was the Philadelphia queens. Here is Miriam Webster and Satine Harlow. These girls are part of Mimi Imfurst's The Dollhouse Revue at Voyager on Wednesday nights. Mimi's is really bringing quite the drag show with the Dollhouse!
Phone number: 360-249-6070 x 568
Elizabethtown, named after Captain Moore’s young daughter, was incorporated quickly, becoming the first officially incorporated town in New Mexico, and a post office opened before 1866 was out. By the time Elizabethtown celebrated its first birthday, the population had ballooned to 3,000. Or 5,000. Or maybe 7,000. No one really seems to know for sure, but a lot of people showed up in a short period. Just before 1870, E-town, as miner’s referred to it, boasted over 100 buildings, including a couple hotels, seven saloons (some 200 feet long), three dance halls, and a drugstore.
Hmmm. I remember having a S&W .357 Magnum in my backpack just about everywhere I went. I had some hellacious schedules, often not getting out of class until well after dark. Anyone familiar with Texas Tech University (in Lubbock, Texas) knows the campus is a monster in terms of size and that it's a LONG walk to the parking lots and that the busses quit running (at least back then) even before the banks closed.
At the event there will be perfomances such
This week the Championship scored three upsets over Premiership sides, albeit all at home: New England over Portland, NYRB over Colorado, and promotion favorite Sporting KC over FC Dallas.
So, what's the attraction of the railroad? It seems to be something deep within us as opposed to learned behavior, which is odd considering that ships (and the sea) have been around thousands -- millions -- of years, but the railroads are a relatively new invention. Two hundred years is just a small span of time when measuring humanity's history.
But Harold’s favorite form of humiliation was telling anybody who’d listen about “the incident.” “Jake, remember the time,” he’d start and I’d know exactly how it would end, “when we were five and we were in my tree house and you peed your pants?” He’d conveniently leave out a few important details. Like the neighbor’s two very big and very hungry dogs had gotten loose and were barking below us and I spilled, in a very unfortunate location, the lemonade his mom had given us. IT WAS LEMONADE!
A great way to start the weekend!
“We believe SoLoCo can help revolutionise the future of funding in the UK. We want to make it easier to raise funds, and in time make it easier for organisations to be become less reliant on the ‘traditional’ funding bodies. We also want to help improve the visibility of our communities and all the amazing work happening on the ground every day. Crowdfunding has already made a huge difference to the arts, music and even, Obama’s political campaign – now we want it to change communities.”
warning stands the risk of losing his or her account
At no other time of the year, is it even wise to spoil our children, except their birthdays and during the holidays. If that means we don’t buy ourselves a new wardrobe just now,or lay off the egg nog, we still put up a tree or buy a gift, even though we may not feel like it, we do it anyway. The memories we are making now are not about us, but about our children and grandchildren. It is not about what your husband or wife, boy or girl friend, adult children gets you. During these financially difficult times, it is o.k., to spend what little we have on the children or grandchildren. I assure you, they will not be spoiled for life. Somehow I think both God and Christ would approve.
Anyhoo, when the host tree dies, it disintegrates inside the fig, leaving a big enormous tree with a hollow centre. We got to go inside the tree – a little bit scary but quite incredible…
I’m emotionally monotonic, monochromatic, and monotonous. The tinder’s damp and the spark’s not hot. My house ablaze is now a house abased.
I wanted to go back today but woke up too late and got Sat and Mondays opening times mixed up. At 3pm, I figured I still had 2 hours or so drinking time left then realised the thing closed at 4 on Monday. Doh!!!
Back to the point. Our struggle, which includes our own sin along the way and less than stellar choices at times, even if wanting to do better—and that should be our bent if all of this is actually true of us—our struggle is indeed taken up into the Lord’s working into the battle that is raging. Indeed life to some extent is a struggle, but at times that especially is the case. We are thankful that it is put on hold at times, so we can rest and be renewed.
I really enjoyed being in the city, grabbing coffee and chatting with interesting people over the age of 2. But man, I missed that sweet baby. I talked to him on the phone and experienced his two toddler sides in two seconds. The sweetest 'hi mommy!' followed by baby dictator commanding 'abu both sides!' For those who don't speak Max, that means "Nurse me woman! And don't be stingy! Both sides!" He's really pretty Stewie about the whole sitch.
I was hoping that I could count on Rachel Ray to give me some simple and quick meal ideas. One of the ideas that I fell in love with was what she calls the wafflewich. If you know me you know I just love breakfast! It's by far my favorite meal of the day. Using waffles as the bread for a sandwich...genius!
Green’s Quest
For a few years our favorite movie to watch at Christmas was Die Hard...
At the same time, my thoughts naturally turn to the many challenges which the Church faces in our day in carrying out her divine mission for the salvation of the world. In particular, I am deeply conscious of the critical importance of the loving witness of the Church to the truth, revealed to us by God through both faith and reason, which alone is our salvation. It is a witness which Our Holy Father tirelessly gives with remarkable wisdom and courage. I pledge myself anew to assist Pope Benedict XVI in this critical witness and in the many works of his pastoral charity on behalf of all our brothers and sisters in the Church and in the world.
* The DA’s decision to put a ‘hate crime’ specialist Assistant DA on the case after he realised the forensics were shaky.
I personally have purchased my gold from a variety of vendors. I have used Goldline and APMEX primarily. Both are very good, Goldline have amazing customer service and APMEX has an amazing selection. I am also working with mint to have coins of my own made. I will post on that once the process has been completed.
Kylemore Abbey. A home for the Henry family and later for nuns from the Benedictine Order and it also used to be a girls boarding school… can you imagine going to school there? It was really in the middle of no-where. No sneaking out there…
Both teams had made little attempt to hide their choices. So then, how did the next eight of the first round top ten go? Well, here they are.
They are always on GPS systems. Their thinking is that you’ll always have your cell with you at all times, for convenience. And with the removal of public payphones, you practically have to have one these days.
The dark chocolate is indeed dark, made of chocolate, cocoa butter but no milk though skim milk is listed later in the ingredients list on the back of the 7.94oz bag they sent us. This dark chocolate comes in heart shaped pieces, six of them make one serving, and are wrapped in silver or cherry colored foil with hearts on it as well as the Dove title and "Cherry Swirl". This photo was taken to show you the variety in the bag, I'll provide a close up of the heart itself in a few moments. A serving of this is 230 calories made of 9g saturated fat, 5mg cholesterol, 25mg sodium, 2g fiber, 22g sugars, 2g protein, with some calcium and iron. If you share these, it is easy to moderate your consumption of these, I did that myself and didn't even take a servings worth.
2. Heat oil until shimmering and a sprinkling of flour sizzles and immediately dissolves. Fry shrimp until golden brown, about 3 to 4 minutes total, turning once. Drain on paper towels.
For the radiance of such beauty couldn’t be created by man
Next up was our visit to the Cathedral. And here’s where Manchester is at its best. The Cathedral is mediaeval; the oldest pub in town sits right next door. And next door to that is the enormous modern Wheel and the redesigned Arndale Centre. Somehow, it all fits together perfectly. How is it that some cities seem still to be in the grips of 1960s urban planners, while others manage modern developments brilliantly?
very much identified with progressive rock (Pink Floyd's Dave
5 rounds for total time of:
B? B is fine. B is good. What about the others?
A new season in life with a new church, a new season in the earth, and the new life we have in Christ as born again believers, reconciled with the Father, because of Jesus's perfect sacrifice on the cross and His victory over death and sin when He rose on the third day. Amen and amen!
I was particularly interested in Robin Boyd’s contribution to Victorian architecture… Im familiar with his work but didnt realise he was such a fierce campaigner against the mass produced ‘developer housing’ of the post war era. Have made a note to find a copy of The Australian Ugliness.
Rose graduated from Syracuse University, spent the ’80s in advertising, has a commercial in the Museum of Modern Art in NYC and since 2005 has run the first marketing company for authors - Authorbuzz.com.
The Telemuseum. Just as operas are now transmitted over the air, so picture galleries will be. From the Louvre to you, from the Prado to you, from everywhere to you. You will enjoy the prerogative of selecting pictures that are compatible with your mood or that meet the demands of any special occasion. Through the dials of your Teleset you will share in the ownership of the world’s greatest art treasures.
Of course, the police have since gone back to clashing with protesters in the streets of Tunis. Still, incredible to witness that day.
But I went. I went because I wanted to be included and part of something bigger than me. (See, Christ uses peer pressure to His advantage too.) After the first few times I got a little more comfortable, but it wasn’t until after Captivating that I realized how I could let the worship music speak to me if I allowed it to wash over me, if I closed my eyes, my heart, and my mind to all but what it had to tell me-what He had to tell me.
Hope everyone had a safe and happy new years eve. We stayed home safe and warm in our jammies. My dad had a heart attack in 2003 on new years eve so since then we stay home were we are close, just in case. With our kids being adults and out and about on new years eve we just like to stay home in case someone needs anything.
I started blogging nearly a year ago, mainly to familiarize myself with a software program that my work was about to launch for work-related blogs. I was reading quite a few gaming blogs already and decided that I spent enough time gaming to make blogging about it worthwhile. I found that I enjoyed it, so I kept going. I can’t say I’m a prolific blogger, I know I should blog much more often than I do, but at least I’ve decided to keep trying. I think that is key, don’t set really high goals, just keep at it. Good luck to those of you who have been inspired by this initiative. I hope you have many happy hours of blogging! Visit the NBI Forums for more info. and the list of sponsors. There are quite a few good blogs out there for you to peruse for inspiration.
**In the Spring of 1984, I backpacked the Pennine Way for the third time. By the autumn of 1985 I was starting to experience serious pain and increasing disability. A year later I was in a wheelchair.
Writing amidst the turbulence of the political, monetary, clergy paedophile abuse sex-scandals, and church population crisis, the writers of the Flemish manifest did not want to counter the high-handed or stubborn traditionalist and conservative Catholics. They saw how the Church was loosing souls and wanted to save them and to get people back into the church.
As promised I am posting the first completed project. Tiny, monogrammed, bucket bags for SOME of my favorite, little gals. While I was cutting the fabric I had some interesting scrap cuts that I may just turn into an additional little frill so stay tuned.
So much is in the eye of the reader and every reader brings a different life experience to the book.
Parking surface and below
The Starlight Night
The 29-year-old Brazilian model wore a long sleeved green Issa evening gown with a keyhole detail. The simple floor length dress was accessorized with gold earrings, cocktail ring and peep-toe platform heels.
Well I still don’t really know what was going on, but everyone else seems quite upset about it. Who would do such a thing as steal someones pet. Of course there are lots of stinkweeds out there who just don’t care about anyone but themselves or are addicts or just plain stupid. But it sure affects the family and friends.
I'm really intrigued by this "clean" eating. I can't explain it, but it really draws me in. I've got a whole pinterest board dedicated to it!
Specialists account for 258,032 of the total physician organization membership, the research has found.
Aren't Nicky's little Georgia Tech socks cute???
We can divine this because the Hebrew word for “man” (utilized in this same passage in Genesis 19:8) is entirely different. And one really has to ask: why would homosexuals want to have sex with two strangers if they were unsure of what sex they were?
And if Kat doesn't have enough to do protecting Angeline from the scandalous rake she has chosen and re-uniting her with her true love, her brother Charles has gotten himself far more serious trouble, and Kat herself has been expelled from the Order of the Guardians and forbidden from using her Guardian magic.
It has struck me that perhaps Bertie is a Wodehousean version of the knight Percival, the fool knight, who rushes in, who never understands women even though he always saves them. Yet Percival who attains the Grail. Is this Bertie?
For starters, we will be firmly disengaged from outdated past paradigm structures, formerly built around our lives, and we will be restored to Wholeness and sail into the Newer and Truer. Of course, this reconnection will affect every strata of our being and take a bit of linear time. As always too, this realignment is last to integrate in our physical form. Remember each time the planet endures a download of this magnitude we are gifted with bringing to the surface and releasing any remaining unconscious remnants of separation, which in turn enables us to ground more of our Light (truth/power) into Gaia (earth).
Registration is FREE!!!
You are being destroyed by leaks from within. From the 13 European
I ask you: what is the point of voting in an election, if the bastards can't even be bothered to count the votes?
I think Ruby allows us to contemplate cruelty in a more effective way. He comes at these horrors, to use that great Emily Dickinson reflection, “at a slant.” Ruby gives us evidence of trauma, evidence of suffering, and the evidence is at enough of a distance, that with a little time, we literally create the suffering person ourselves and we subsequently feel compassion for them. The work is neither confessional nor plangent. It is a sly observation on Ruby’s part that often our fantasy of a person compels our actions more than our direct knowledge of them – our confrontation with the ghost, however fractured, is a good thing. All we have to do is know that the ghost stands in for someone that actually exists, that actually suffers, and has the capacity to be comforted despite their bonds and despite in any futility that we may have attributed to their situation.
Not only are we in a popularity contest. We are in a popularity contest in a hall of mirrors.
5/10- PCW Politics is War on P-SPAN
For additional entries which of course are ALWAYS optional
(This is only my personal opinion)
Paul Ryan, Please Write a Budget Like One That Jesus Would Write… Do You Remember Mitt Romney From the Campaign? We Can’t Forget What We Learned! Happy Arbor Day, USA! Mitt Romney & Paul Ryan: That’s Amore TGIF! Stephen Colbert – A Cool President – Colbert SuperPac(s)
After endless media speculation, Jessica officially announced her pregnancy Oct. 31 with a tongue-in-cheek blog post. “It’s true, I’m going to be a mummy,” she posted, along with a picture of her Halloween costume — a mummy.
· Financial records
Carly Rae Jepsen is the ticket for world peace.
Luckily, I am the one who does not remember what that was like.
I found this snippet I'd written in my diary last year:
the paper is sponsored by my BFF so i cant tell you where its from or what make it is.
Admittedly, I was a little high-strung about my first day at Copeland, which might explain why things went the way they did.
Alastair Campbell, the man once called Tony Blair’s “unelected spin doctor”, has denied news reports that he was appointed Najib’s adviser to help him win the 13th general elections, widely expected to be held within the next 6 months. Campbell, who was the former British PM’s powerful director of strategy and communications, said on Twitter that he has not even been to Malaysia, let alone visit Najib to advise him on his image.
Esther replied, “This is my request and deepest wish.” (Esther 5:7)
ALAN RICKMAN (DIE HARD)
The other method came to my attention via some thread on SCS. It's slightly more time-consuming and can be prone to error if you don't rub the entire stamp well, but otherwise it's just as effective as standing. Someone suggested using a brayer to do the rubbing, which sounds like a great idea.
Patent Eligibility. The most closely-watched case is Mayo Collaborative Services (d/b/a Mayo Medical Laboratories) v. Prometheus Laboratories, Inc. (No. 10-1153), an appeal from the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit considering the patent eligibility of medical processes. Prometheus Laboratories, Inc. owns U.S. Patent No. 6,355,623, entitled “Method of treating IBD/Crohn’s Disease and related conditions wherein drug metabolite levels in host blood cells determine subsequent dosage,” and a subsequent continuation patent, U.S. Patent No. 6,680,302. The patents claim methods for treating gastrointestinal diseases by optimizing dosages of thiopurine drugs. The drugs are effective in carefully controlled doses, but have toxic side effects at incorrect levels. The patents generally claim a process of optimizing the dosage level by “administering” a thiopurine drug, “determining” the level of resulting drug metabolites in the patient’s blood, and then increasing or decreasing the drug dosage where the metabolite level “indicates a need” to do so.
But all she sees,
For the gold, I used Y11, layered with Y23, 26 and 28.. then I added some E07 in spots to add some red depths to it. For the silvery metal pieces / or pewter / iron???? I am not sure what the metal would be, I used the C1, 3, 5 and a little 7. Once I was done, I used a little bit of E04 to give it a patina. I LOVE love love overlaying the colors with the Copics. It gives such interesting depth and changes the look entirely.
The agreement over the management of the Park by the Community of Communes and the Town of Richelieu was officially signed on Friday in the hall of the Richelieu Museum.
Today, I signed a historic agreement between the United States and Afghanistan that defines a new kind of relationship between our countries — a future in which Afghans are responsible for the security of their nation, and we build an equal partnership between two sovereign states; a future in which war ends, and a new chapter begins.
President Obama seems increasingly uncomfortable in domestic US settings, but highly energised when speaking abroad, especially to audiences that are traditionally anti-American. Which is why, if he loses in 2012, which is now increasingly likely, he might see the position of UN Secretary General as a natural fit. It bothers me, because I'm just trying to get laughs, and they're trying to take over the world. I should have the advantage.
First, in a large mixing bowl add the 4 cups of oats, sea salt and then 1/2 cup of milk. Mix around and let the oats sit for 10-15 minutes to soak up the milk and become just a touch more soft. Then in a medium saucepan add the remaining ingredients. Let the sunbutter, sucanat, milk and oil melt and stir continually with a rubber spatula. When the mix is completely combined and warm (don't let it get too hot or boil for more than a second) Then you pour the hot chocolate mix over the oats. Stir well, getting every oat covered. Then let sit for 10-15 minutes to stiffen just a bit. After about 10 minutes you can plop down a cookie-sized serving glop, ball or whatever you want to call it on a parchment papered cookie sheet or even in a 9x13 pan. This recipe will make about 3 dozen cookies, so you want to make sure you have enough room in your fridge to cool these cookies down. I suggest a cookie sheet for 1-2 dozen and then a cover container to put in the remaining amount. Then you can stack the cooling cookies in the fridge without too much fuss. Chill in the fridge for 2 or more hours. These cookies keep best in the fridge and are delicious served cool or at room temperature with a hot beverage.
There wasn’t anything that caught my eye, but it was fun to browse! Discovery Green offers loads of free events, so there’s something for everyone. Click here for their spring event list.
Spots of blood marked Rissad's trouser leg where the ugly angle of his knee said the break was. Gingerly, Rel reached out a hand to investigate, but Rissad stopped him. "It's alright. The blood looks worse than it is, and it's not from the break. Get me up."
2. Getting amazing grades in senior will NOT change the course of the universe, but doing well can make it easier in the long run. Keep life in perspective. Studying is important, but, unless you want to be a doctor, having fun, spending quality time with your family and friends, and keeping fit and healthy are probably more important to you than the difference between an ‘A’ and a ‘B’.
Late last year or early this year, can’t remember, I decided to participate in the One Word project that you can learn more about over at http://www.oneword365.com
My first stop? Was at the newly relocated "M&M Antiques" in Monroe, Washington. The new store looked GREAT,,,tons of new Vendors, lots of "Yummy Goodness" from friends/Vendors I know and love! This new store ROCKS! I managed to get out of there with some Cotton Laces and a China plate.......
**We liked our BIG CARS that guzzled gas cause we were keeping up with the Jones';
The Brazen Beauty makeup challenge this week was using complimentary colors (opposites on the color wheel). I chose to use Forever and Animated for a blue/orange look. I meant to use Frisky instead but grabbed the wrong shadow. I still LOVE the way it came out and I may redo this challenge tomorrow using different complimentary colors.
We spent less than two hours. Yormark was in such a hurry that we never got out of his SUV. We spent a good segment parked, talking. We never got out of the neighborhoods close to the AY footprint. We never set foot in Prospect Park, despite my urging that he get a sense of the landscape. Never got food. Never took a bathroom break.
of our both mutual national interests and for our people.
So I swam, in all of my pinkness, and although I felt like an Orca, I did pretty darn good. After a half hour, I exited the pool (details omitted), and walked across the pool deck with my wet head held a little higher. Oh yeah baby, I still got it.
Temporality, Contingency and Infinity are necessary elements of human political society. Traditionally, philosophy's purview was not the temporal. But, republic/Aristotilian polis as well as Christianity dealt with the universal and its attainment. These universals were timeless. For Aristotle, the universals were values for which the citizens of the polis strove. For Christianity, it is a God who is outside of temporality but a Being for which humans strive to relate. Here, eternity is the goal of human striving.
That said, I do feel strongly that there are books or passages that truly mirror our lives. Stories that weave into our story and make telling our stories to other so unique and different. For some it is recognizing the Fall of Eve, for others it is the doubting of Thomas or the denial of Peter. Some might identify most with the closeness of John to Jesus; the lying of his head against His chest and just being there. Through a conversation with a friend today, I was awakened to the reality of how God uses these stories when we choose to finally see and hear them. As we build relationships with people, our stories and the ways the Lord has spoken to us, are the things that link those relationships. Not a curriculum, not a tract, not a systematic way of building a disciple. But living our stories out with them.
Today’s Guardian says: “Some police sources suggested there was no evidence yet that officers had actually received the payments and what would also be investigated was whether the journalists involved had kept the money themselves.”
Hong allowed 2 hits in the first but settled down and got out of the inning. Nushida looked shaky in his half of the first but got out of it as well. In Hong's half of the second inning, Cal Lahman, the same guy who started the Senators rally that proved his undoing in the previous game, smacked a solo home run. This time however Hong bore down and ended the inning. The wheels came off Nushida in the 4th. Local boy Bobby Loane, a recent signing who had mostly rode the bench, showed what he could do by expertly beating out a slow roller sparking the Oaks offence. Just like that Oakland got 6 more hits without making an out and 7 runs crossed the plate before Nushida was sent to the showers.
Pivovar Saris Saris 12% Premium
Warm bed to sleep in
Beans! Did you attend the Bean Fair? Did you learn anything new about beans? Did you accept either of the challenges for the month? Do you regularly cook with beans these days?
but the early morning's action
"Students fiddle with them during class and arrange swaps — trading, say, a bracelet with a mermaid for one with a dragon — when they should be concentrating on schoolwork, teachers say. Sometimes a trade goes bad — kids get buyer's remorse too — and hard feelings, maybe even scuffles, ensue."
in Russia’s icy sapphire sky
½ cup. olive oil
Turkish women's groups have been traditionally divided along ideological lines. But they are uniting behind the initiative, launched in March by a non-partisan group called Women Meet Halfway, to have women who wear headscarves placed high enough up on party lists so that they stand a decent chance of being elected.
Role model is becoming someone who has power such as a manager or a minister. He would have the authority to spend money and decide on administrative issues such as how work should be executed. The role model to them is someone with power who cannot be objected. People are usually weak and the manager is usually corrupted…
Again, we apologise for this inconvenience. We value your frequent business and assure you that your account with us is one of the most important relations we have with Lehman brothers. We will do anything we can to assist you in this matter.
Light a fire, a fire, a spark
Now I know what she was talking about. I smile to myself, inwardly thanking Aunt Tzila. I chop the onion swiftly.
I just read an article the other day from the Washington Post about student loans and how they plague this country all the way into retirement. According to the brief piece, Americans 60 years and older still owe over $36 billion dollars in student loans. Americans collectively owe over $870 billion in student loans, “significantly outpacing credit card debt or auto loans.”
Purchase at:
This was my first attempt at making tamales, but the tamale gods must have been smiling down on me because they turned out delicious!
I'd have more respect for him if yesterday he hadn't declared himself shocked and instead had said "what did you expect when the level of management above me didn't see grounds for dismissal after her last debacle"
Bona fide house classic.
With so many acts to see at the Edinburgh Fringe 2011 it’s unsurprising that you may miss one or two. In our two performance spaces at Radisson Blu Hotel in Edinburgh we have over 40 acts performing during this years Edinburgh Festival. Some shows are running for the full length of the Festival (5th – 27th August) but others are only running for the first week, or just a 2 day run.
Hey guys! Sorry about the lack of a post yesterday! I got a bit distracted with class and family stuff :P But today I bring you my one and only Lynnderella! This was the only one I was really lemming and I just got it in the mail this week.
Moses!
Indicative topics
I won’t pine away for the breasts I had when I was sixteen… at least not out loud.
I also wanted to announce the winner of the Apartment Guide giveaway of a $100 AmEx gift card...
1/4 cup of bourbon
Finally, the Agnus Dei. Here, Rose impressed, dolorous and at times desperate, the other soloists responding in kind. The horrors of war – human reality as opposed to the human ideal? – terrified without lapsing into the grotesque, as so often they do; I have rarely heard them so integrated into the musical argument, save once again for readings by Klemperer. And there was again a properly Handelian sturdiness to the ‘Dona nobis pacem’. Whether or no there be an actual quotation from Messiah, and it is too readily forgotten just how greatly Beethoven revered Handel, it certainly sounded as if the resemblance to ‘And he shall reign’ was intentional. The performance was crowned, though it was too late, for we had been taken to the abyss. Pacem? Perhaps. In fact, probably not, for this was the most desolate conclusion to the work I have ever heard: desolate, and yet retaining a nobility which might remain our sole hope of peace.
We in the UK, of course, have already had Mothers' Day, but that doesn't mean we can't make another little something for her, does it?
On a positive note, I did hear the baby's heartbeat on Tuesday... it took me forever to find it with my doppler but it was a beautiful sound and gave me just a little inkling of hope. We have started telling family members about it before we break the news to the entire community of people we know and have already gotten the typical "I know everything will be all right" and it's annoying the heck out of me. You don't have any way to guarantee my baby will arrive safe and sound in my arms in 6 months - no way at all... it doesn't matter how many times you say that to me - until that baby is in my arms and healthy and crying, I can't believe that everything will be just fine... I just can't.
(Again, sorry about the quality of some of these pictures. The ones I got from my sister are on super-glossy paper and, for some reason, my scanner just insists on making them look all stripe-y. Grrrr.)
If only poet would rephrase
566 ***D-Summer/1967. “Memorandum on ‘No Previous Restraint’.” For Helen Vlachou, Greek Publisher, Athens, Greece. (Incorporated in Item B-1, above, p. 680 (1971), and in Item B-5, above, pp. 513-14 (1992).) See Item C-1986(3), above, p. 645.
On May 20, 1861 the convention assembled with 120 delegates. Although representing a mix of political backgrounds, they were singular in the pursuit of secession. While all agreed that secession was the goal, they disagreed on how to secede. For the final declaration of secession there were two theories: the right of revolution and the right of secession. The convention unanimously adopted the resolution based on the right of secession understanding that the right of revolution denied the right of secession. Within an hour of adopting the secession resolution the convention ratified the Provisional Constitution of the Confederate States of America.
The drizzle that greeted me as I alighted from the train ceases and the cloud cover breaks into drifting grey-white fluffy cumulus, revealing a bright blue sunlit sky. There is little trace of the tumulus – just a slight mound – but it makes a suitable landmark for a change of compass bearing. I turn south making for a belt of trees marking the line of the Beaulieu River, crossing by a footbridge over a gently flowing stream beneath the verdant tranquil shelter of oaks and alders.
The soldiers plea not to let him die
Long story involving an iPad... mine...but,
Be Supportive. Offer reassurance and encouragement to your partner. Also, let your partner know when you need their support. Healthy relationships are about building each other up, not putting each other down.
If your family is completely off the grid, no power, fuel, charcoal, propane, etc… One has to eat. You will either learn how to enjoy cold food, or raw food. However, there are just sometimes when that won’t do, and that is when we have to go back to the barebone basics. This has to be done outside, in a wood burning oven, or a over a camp fire. You can collect dry wood, or anything dry that will burn. Remember that trash can have chemicals that are released into the air, and green or wet stuff won’t burn until it is dry. If you have a home and the space then I would invest in an out door wood burning oven, and stockpile the firewood. I would also keep a supply of Waterproof matches, sealed so they can’t get wet.
and the answer is YES. The newest piece....a much larger 12"x24" version similier to a very small lighthouse I'd done earlier this year, has been juried into the Little Compton Community Center Arts Show in RI.
The arrows are made of modern resources as well as timber. The modern composite arrows are often better because modern carbon fibre and aluminium alloys are better for producing arrow shafts than wood. That is hard to confess for a traditionalist, but modern carbon fibre and aluminium alloy arrows do not splinter like a wooden arrow might if shot from a heavy-duty longbow.
We saw quite a bit of each other. Often at restaurant meals, which was also one we shared at our penultimate get together. The cuisine was quite undistinguished, but Howard, who was also quite a good cook in his own right, enjoyed it a lot more than I did. Eating was always a serious thing for him, and here too he uttered his famous rapt: “This is delicious.” As for our last shared experience, it was a performance of the ballet Romeo & Juliet, which thoroughly pleased Howard, but I found quite deficient in Peter Martins’s choreography, its inability to tell a story in dance, and in the dreadful set by a supposedly leading Danish artist.
Article 34: If the parties wish a hearing, the copyright administrative management entity should organize a hearing according to the procedures of the provisions of Article 42 of the Administrative Punishment Law. The parties do not bear the cost of organizing a hearing.
He was also a well-known travel writer, writing such books as:
I have her place and It is her time to be with me.
· When looking at the face of the Moon, some cultures see a turtle, a princess, or two frogs on rocks?
I didn’t prepare any special meal for the ENR2012, except for the above, which I’d assembled while clearing the fridge on a Wednesday morning – Somen (carbohydrate) cooked in salt water (minerals), served with freshly cracked black pepper, truffle oil (good fat) and eggs (protein).
In public there was continued jockeying for position between key riparian states in the mid-1990s. It was an important time of “position definition,” including, at a bilateral level, between Ethiopia and Sudan. The former was pressing its case for a more comprehensive understanding of “equitable utilization” whilst the latter (as well as Egypt) argued that Ethiopia did not share the same dependence on the Nile and had other major water sources that could be exploited. A Sudanese official’s reply to Ethiopia’s concern that equitable utilization be examined more comprehensively made the point that:
He doesn't think it's cool. He thinks of it as a disadvantage.
On the weekend, granny was staying with us to help out with the toddler. We had a bad, bad weekend. I made a series of mistakes but the biggest one was fighting with my partner when the kid was around. Granny said that when we went upstairs to hiss at each other, the toddler just froze and listened. His big eyes got serious, his little face was turned up toward where the voices where coming from. He was silent. Granny said it was awful to watch.
Manuel Gomez, 42, New York, N.Y.
Sheik Yousuf Al-Qaradhawi: Allah Imposed Hitler upon the Jews to Punish Them – “Allah Willing, the Next Time Will Be at the Hand of the Believers”
Orange like Jack-O-lanterns bright
Here is my one-sentence summary of THE HUNGER GAMES:
Leaders from each company recently traveled to Perth, Australia to meet with Martin Dougiamas, founder of Moodle and Managing Director of Moodle Pty Ltd, and present their plans. The meeting included Blackboard CEO Michael Chasen and Chief Technology Officer Ray Henderson, Moodlerooms CEO Lou Pugliese and Chief Architect Tom Murdock, and NetSpot Managing Director Allan Christie.
soda will work as a rinse.
Tamponi describes an experimental study with ab initio students of Italian at one university, which involved the introduction of a task-based approach to the study of literary texts. The rationale for the study was the author’s belief that ab initio students do not perceive there to be any connections between the study of language and content in their university courses.
It is also interesting to see that the local UAF have opened their red mouths.
No. My name is not Roseanne Roseannadanna. I have dark frizzy hair, but I'm not her.
LARSON” EZ100 ULTRA-BREEZE
One of the ways I used to waste time was to peruse the Men-at-Arms section in the World's Biggest Bookstore. It's true, spending an entire afternoon flipping through books about military uniforms might seem lame by today's ill-defined standards, but that's what passed for amusement fifteen or so years ago. Anyway, the point I'm trying to make is that, while I was flipping, I couldn't help but notice that all the books on German uniforms of the Third Reich looked worn out, while all the other books seemed like they were in pristine condition. And you know what they say? Book creases doesn't lie. People love Nazi fashion, and Salon Kitty captures that love in way that didn't make me feel uncomfortable. I only wish all war movies were like this, because I despise war movies that focus on war. War is stupid. Fashion, on the other hand, is sexy, and sexy always trumps stupid.
It wasn’t until scouring the NBC and official Chinese website for the games that I even came across pictures of these bad-ass babes in action! And, man alive, it looks like these young ladies put on quite a show, I mean, they have like, actual props and shit too! Wow!
a rash of polyps moulding to my collarbones,
In a great market -- a market with lots of real potential customers -- the market pulls product out of the startup.
With pleasure and with love.
One college student and the tour guide died after treatment failed in hospital. Four others were treated in hospital. Two students were missing,they said.
I whipped up this really simple, but elegant Christmas card using one of the foil papers from Creative Imaginations' Night Divine line.
I'm thinking about leaving the bottom half dark and adding some gorgeous gold pulls.
After such a demonstration by the city's Afro population, the question is not, as most Right-Thinking People seem to assume today, 'How could whites possibly have fled such a place?', but rather, 'What on earth would have possessed them to stay?'
The crazy Islamonazis might blow us up in their holy wars, or perhaps the hypocrisy of crossfuckers is going to steer us into the Rapture. If we dodge them, the United States will steal our oil/maize/water, or maybe it’ll just be a meteorite or a solar flare that will sterilize the planet and cauterize its wounds. Maybe the Milky Way is shifting from the hospitable zone. Soon, enough, the Sun will be going one way and the Earth another. If that doesn’t get us, the Mayans ended their calendar in 2012 for a reason. Man is fascinated with the Apocalypse because his end in the future reveals the potential for meaning for his life in the present. The all-too-plausible death of his race offers a perspective on its existence now.
We’ve lost our sense of community, ability to truly communicate with each other, and allow this once-great country to be divided by an every-widening gap created by our failed party system, and ALLOW them to destroy EVERYTHING this country was founded on.
Today, for some reason I can post on my blog and view some of your blogs! Yay….
Male rats that were given a high dose of the artificial sweetener exhibited a lowered concentration of reduced glutathione (the active, antioxidant form of glutathione), and reduced glutathione reductase activity.
I certainly lost the "lead" of my life.
Given it was Australia A matches that launched David Warner into test calculations, these Australia A matches present a terrific opportunity for players to press their claims. This is especially the case in the lead up to the next Ashes series, runs in England against the Lions should weigh heavily on the selectors minds.
As I headed home I passed Dreamer’s lovely place. She was out adding something colorful to her yard. I didn’t have the heart to tell her it may not make through the next full moon. Maybe she’ll get lucky and the moat and C. Adile’s cousins will be able to keep her lawn safe. If not, the Prankster Duo is having a fun time with the Hellhound playing hide-n-seek-the-pieces with Eerie’s Zombie hordes. We might be able to keep them hidden for a few more days! Just enough to worm our way into Dreamer’s heart.
so there's a little glimpse into one of the many things that has kept me from being a regular blogger. but, oh, there is so much more....
When Matthew returned to the van, I looked back as we drove away from Betsy until we turned and I could no longer see her, and I knew I wouldn't see her again. I held her battered license plate in my hands.
I think this needs one more coat (we did two on the front door shoe kick) to officially be done, but I might have to enlist the helpful hubs to do the second coat. Scooching around on my rear in the middle of the night to do this did not feel so awesome. To be completely honest though, as of me typing this post, he has no idea that I even got up to do this, or that it's done. I'd be in so much trouble if I got caught doing this in the middle of the night! I'm pretty hard to slow down, even when I'm exhausted.
Most gluten free beers are sorghum based. This tends to give the beer a cider taste, reminiscent of a wine or sake. This one gets it's base from sweet potato and millet which should provide a more "full bodied mouth feel"
It now seems to be out of print so ,while copies can still be found on the net, a new paperback edition can set you back $375.48 at Amazon.Com.
2.Tip in the chicken marinated with lemon juice,crushed pepper and a wee bit of stock powder.
Why do these letters provide proof positive that an alliance has been formed between the political hierarchy of the United States and radical Islam?
86-92 Animal teeth
Now I know who most of you think this is. You are all thinking, wow Cody that's pretty obvious, it's tim tebow. DUH!
I took a class called, “So You Want to Be a Torch Singer”. And I sang in public, in dangly earrings.
Ingredients: (serves 4)
The 2012 Florida Literacy Conference planning has begun and is in full swing. As the event planner, this is truly my favorite time of the year. It’s the beginning when everything starts to take shape.
Speaking of surprises, this lily just bloomed today in front of the garden shed. Gorgeous!
– Big Country Mountain: Air Force, Colorado State, Wyoming, Utah State, UTEP, Tulsa
Card #3 and perhaps my favorite. I made this for my Stepmom's birthday. She'll be getting it a week late but better than never:)
this post is rather bitty. my brain's jumping around. sorry in advance about that.
My picture is a few blooms on an ornamental plum tree I pass each day. This tree is gorgeous! It is in full bloom! No leaves, just white flowers. I had to have a shot of that!
to camp.
The Boers have a long history of anti colonialism & an aversion to being ruled by foreign or alien cultural groups.
The locus standi of the petitioners having thus been addressed, We shall now proceed to the merits of the petition.
5. Crush
"Ready?" he asked, wiping his brow with the tartan hanky.
Measure your wrist or the wrist of the person for whom you are making the bracelet. Cut a piece of scrap metal to the size needed to make the bracelet. You can use a jewelry saw or a bench shear to cut the metal.
For anyone who emails me (at kql314@yahoo.com) AND who “Follows” this Blog, I will email to them a brand new cursory presentation of the book and topic, asking “Who are the most influential Christians of all time?”.
In order to facilitate such a massive “die-off,” the professor proposes (page 18) global governance to make sure the directives will be universally applied:
I am the good shepherd.
AND, you can write on them with a normal ballpoint or felt tip pen. better still.
But the political nature of the trip was obvious.
And it is still rainy. sigh... I was doing so well with keeping up on the weeds in the garden until it started raining.
Hi everyone! So sorry that I am posting this late, but as some of you may know we had a serious incident with our three year old daughter, Sophie, late last week and through the weekend. What we thought was just a lingering cold turned out to be a viral pneumonia and resulted in a long hospital stay and a diagnosis of asthma. Two days after we got home we found out that our two month old son, Weston, had RSV. It’s been a long and difficult week, but they are both on the mend now. And I am grabbing a few moments in between breathing treatments and nose sucking to post my layout for this weeks’ challenge at Frosted Designs. Here is the sketch:
"In that moment, their view from the Moon moved poet Archibald MacLeish to write:'To see the Earth as it truly is, small and blue and beautiful in that eternal silence where it floats, is to see ourselves as riders on the Earth together, brothers on that bright loveliness in the eternal cold -- brothers who know now they are truly brothers.'
What He Says Not What He Said.
About Me
Part of wanting to know about the competition is, frankly, driven by ego, and it’s a story that started with a different type of measurement in the 1920s.
Another woman showed up to buy my bed frame. I thanked her for showing up and vented about the No-Show Parade. She was the sweetest, kindest, almost pixie fairy of a girl. Then she said in a deep loud voice, "People are assholes" and laughed. Yikes. Then there was Jennifer, who made me have fun when I could have just wallowed in Craigslist email misery. She was staying at my apartment with me. She'd wake up in the morning, look at me and say, "Let's sell some shit, then go to the Apple Store. We've got a date with Dakota." Dakota, our favorite Apple Store employee, would meet up with us after work at whatever random restaurant we were in. A random new friendship formed during a time of letting go of so much.
When I sat down and read this, I was laughing out loud and repeating many of the examples to my husband who was also entertained by the content. Mostly funny, sometimes hilarious but always creative, this book will bring happiness to every reader. It's also probably the only book that will make you feel incredibly smarter in under an hour!
IN LARGE BOWL, combine all crust ingredients
Presley
“As we flew down from Birmingham, the track is all the way down, and then when you get in Tuscaloosa here it’s devastating,” Gov. Robert Bentley said, declaring Alabama “a major, major disaster.”
Specific capacity is the short-term sustainable discharge in GPM divided by the drawdown yielding the discharge in feet (GPM/ft). Drillers measure specific capacity and report it to the state. The math example below illustrates how specific capacity is related to drawdown.
Speaking of baby monitor, this is THE BEST monitor in my humble opinion. Mark and I made a promise to each other that we would not let the babies sleep with us. This monitor allows me to see them, and hear every move they make. I sleep with it right beside me, so it really feels like they are right next to me at night. It's very comforting. I highly recommend this brand!
I chose "Swiss Coffee" since it's almost a white white, but just shy of it. I didn't want it to be so crazy white that it felt stark or clashed with the rest of the house. And I went with a satin sheen again, just as I did with the kitchen cabinets.
Successful presidents don’t run “Campaigns of Distraction.” President Barack Obama, whose economic stimuli failed to stimulate the economy, but instead lined the pockets of powerful Democrat constituencies, needs to distract. A president — the very same Barack Obama — whose federal credit card spending has dug the nation into a cavernous debt hole needs distractions.
I'm hoping to have a few more pages done in a day or so. The next two are going to be technique centered so hopefully they'll move a bit faster.
Those who opposed sanctions in the past and now accuse Israel of war-mongering share at least some of the blame for the current crisis. Since 1993, when Yitzhak Rabin first defined the Iranian nuclear threat as the ultimate existential challenge facing Israel, successive Israeli governments, along with pro-Israel American Jews, have advocated sanctions as the way to avert a choice between preemptive strike and a nuclear Iran. It took five years before the Clinton administration accepted Israel’s assessment that the goal of Iran’s nuclear program was a bomb; and it took Europe a few years longer. And then it took nearly a decade before the international community adopted the Israeli position of real sanctions. Even at this late date, that remains the Israeli position: Only devastating sanctions can break the regime’s determination to produce a bomb. When Obama complains that war talk has forced up oil prices, what are Israelis to conclude except that he will not push sanctions to the limit?
For my altered food container I started with an Asda Hero Puppy Pouch box. I first painted it with white paint, no idea why cos I ended up covering it in Bo Bunny paper. I wrapped a long length of white stretchy lace fabric around the middle and also a length of purple satin. I made a couple of bows from the satin and stuck them in the centre of the ribbon. Some Tim Holt diecuts and a few petaloo flowers finish it off. I am using it for storing my Bigz dies, as currently they are inside a zipped container and I can normally not be bothered to drag them out, perhaps I will be encouraged to use them more now.
No more broken men
Fact: Therefore, I often don't enjoy the company of Black Americans.
His first theme for the movie fit perfectly. Within a week, Jónsi had composed a series of themes that would reflect everything we'd hoped for. In his music were all the highs and lows and passionate in-betweens of the film itself. Over the course of several visits to Los Angeles, Jónsi sculpted and orchestrated a soundscape with elements I'd never had in a movie before: bells, strings, cymbals, toy pianos, even melodies played through a small Dictaphone. The instinct that began the movie had come full circle. On a warm fall night in October, we finished. The e-mail he sent last night before boarding the plane back to his home in Iceland says it all: "It was such a blast." And so it was. Here, with thanks from an inspired director, and special gratitude to Alex Somers, who helped shine it through a prism of love and wonder, is Jónsi's first score for film. This is his music for "We Bought A Zoo."
We left them to finish up...but My Man went down about an hour later just before dark...the calf, who has earned the name Tumbleweed, was up and nursing...the end of a great day!!
The CJ considered the balance between competition in the European Union and monopoly rights granted under intellectual property law: the purpose of Article 7(1)(e)(ii) was to prevent shape marks being used to create a monopoly on technical solutions or functional characteristics of a product. There were similar provisions in Community Design Regulation 6/2002. The condition of the shape ‘exclusively’ performing a technical function was satisfied where all essential characteristics of the sign performed a technical function. The fact that a shape may have additional non-essential characteristics would not take it outside the scope of Article 7(1)(e)(ii) if all the essential characteristics performed a technical function.
I know there's gonna be more of these. I just know it. That doesn't make the pain go away....
In the glow from the lights.
The ruling power have turned the old fashioned police constable armed only with his truncheon, into a virtual robocop, with side-armed baton, pepper spray, CS gas, Taser, real gun on demand and, (whilst not beating and persecuting us), full CCTV to monitor the people. Now the Police State has turned its attention to household pets.
Incensed by Obamacare, the issue that ignited the creation of the Tea Party movement, by the failed stimulus, by scandals involving “green energy” companies that cost Americans millions, by Fast and Furious, an Obama administration sponsored gun-running operation, and the sluggish “recovery”, Obama already faces an uphill battle for reelection.
“A pack of Parliaments for my mom please,” says Joseph.
I thought that I had moved past that scared little girl who wanted to be accepted for who she is, so when I saw these pictures, I was bummed. I thought I had moved past worrying about what other people thought. I want to feel comfortable and confident in what I do and who I am.
this blessed preparation for the inevitability of death.
only if i close mine eyes and imagine a spark
Coffee shops have a way of drawing almost every type of person. As I waited in line, I saw a group of men in business suits, a woman who had obviously been jogging before her stop here, and a young college student getting ready to study for exams at a nearby table. I looked around the room for Mrs. Seeley, the woman I was meeting with today, and glimpsed her colorful hat on the other side of the room.
Shortly afterwards, Apprentice star Lord Sugar took to Twitter to tell his 1.8million followers: ‘I don’t care if Ed Miliband is backing Livingstone. I seriously suggest NO ONE votes for Livingstone in the Mayoral elections.’ He later added: ‘Livingstone must NOT get in on May 3.’
So, competition between services, but experienced in a meaningful forum (not just a league table produced every few years), a continuous process of improvement, with accountability for performance being felt at the front line, along with a blending of high tech, and simple communication between those looking at a problem from different perspectives.
joyous
snapped out of it
5. Eco-Money Savers Hiding in Your Own Home by Yahoo Finance
A love that attaches to my veins and becomes my life line
Here is the interview:
AD : “No.. forum… 150″
I am just not musically talented sadly. I used to play the Violin which of course is a folk instrument, but gave it up at a young age. Boy do I regret that decision now.
The rain came in early June. With rain came mosquito, and the threat of malaria. What the lion couldn’t do, mosquitoes did. The camp was withdrawn, construction was postponed.
Back to work ladies! Yup. We had to get back into the work force during this time. And to work we need the right shoes. During the early part of the decade shoes were very expensive, so to compensate for that shoes had to be simplified, yet durable. We welcome the Mary Janes, Wedgies, Peep Toes and heeled Oxfords.
We see the same transformation in John’s life. He who was known as a son of thunder becomes the apostle of love. His gospel and his letters provide a wonderful glimpse into what the love of God looks like.
“Hey,” he turned, putting one hand on her shoulder to stop her mid-stride. “Who was it?”
Hey kids. Zup? Just chilling...trying to finish a HUGE and ongoing project called, make corrections to handbags. SO MUCH FUN.
We started off with a couple of cocktails – absolutely delicious!! Mine, on the left, was a lemongrass something-or-other. It absolutely hit the spot! Perfection. I’m not sure what the amiable Ms A had – but she seemed to enjoy it. I’m afraid my trip to the US (with its amazingly cheap cocktails) has started a bit of a bad habit for me… just love them!!
Tailwater Soft Hackles and Hare’s Ears are worthy droppers whether you are fishing dry or wet.. Speaking of dry flies it was pretty cool to find some pockets of dry fly feeders, largely brown trout, and some of fine size in certain corners on the White.
And, lo! The very first one she opened was a winner. Ha! She looked with pity at the stall holders, and cast her eyes over the selection of prizes. Which would be hers? That fine bottle of malt whiskey, perhaps? The radio-controlled blimp? The diamond necklace? Probably the lot of them! Ah ha ha haaaaaa.
Thankfully I am a seasoned traveler and know all the tricks..
Philyaw had once managed the most promising middleweight on the West Coast. But the kid’s bright future was irreparably harmed the night he carelessly stopped a hail of police bullets with most of his vital organs while running out of a liquor store he’d just held up in the Crenshaw District. It was rumored around the neighborhood that a secret room of a doughnut shop on Pico had photographs on the wall that showed the cops taking turns posing with their ski-masked middleweight corpse as though he were a prize elk. Some even claimed the head was mounted in the basement of the 77th Street Station.
I begin with that exclamation simply because this beer is pretty darn terrific, and there's every reason why established devotees of (for lack of a better word) 'normal' lagers shouldn't try this beer and take a giant step forward toward (for lack of a better word) 'proper' lager.
I love me some good cheddar!
It is when one is under attack and can feel nothing but weakness that one can be tempted to bail out and give up and give in. No. Instead we must look to God through Jesus, as those in community with others in Jesus. Knowing that God will see us through as we look to him.
The search ends here. One of my readers in particular will be quite pleased to know she can stop making endless peanut butter cookies from recipes that catch her eye and sleep soundly at night knowing that THIS is the only peanut butter cookie recipe you will ever need again.
2. Paul’s known for his consistency. But one of the few issues he’s changed his mind on is the death penalty. . .because of it’s disproportionate use on minorities and those living in the inner city.
PCC: Nope. No idea. Can you please give me some ideas, then write the entire post for me, while I receive all of the credit?
II. A Bird’s Eye View of Muslim Crime in Britain
Dialects have a large amount of vocabulary and vivid descriptions of life, said Qian.
What is interesting to me is how many epic fantasies do just this. Frequently, however, the hero(s) are going against an Evil Overlord or a society that has somehow got it wrong. This is particularly common in the 'save the world from ultimate evil' sagas, because the evil government has control already. And the danger is frequently not only from the governments and the governmental lackeys such as the military and police, but also the citizenry, who are likely to turn them in. Sympathizers may be spies or traitors. Etc.
Cross your fingers for us. (And, if your kids have seen my OG lately...um, check them.)
Praise the Lord, oh, my soul!"
the giggles and belly laughs...
You can then add the rest of the ingredients....finish with a liquid....press puree... and presto - a smoothie! I love that you can just add whatever you have on hand. I think the key is to have something frozen, a "thickener" like yogurt or banana, and a liquid. If it's too thick, just add more liquid.
Assistant Attorney General Laurie Robinson said 131 grants were awarded, chosen from 1,000 applications. Prisoner re-entry could get less federal aid in the fiscal year that begins next week. A House committee voted to provide $70 million, but a Senate committee voted to zero out the program. Advocates are urging Congress to continue funding. Attorney General Eric Holder urged using “every tool at our disposal to tear down the unnecessary barriers to economic opportunities and independence so that formerly incarcerated individuals can serve as productive members of their communities.”
Sever L, Hessol NA. Toxic effects of occupational and environmental chemicals on the testes. Thomas JA et al. (Editors). Endocrine Toxicology. New York, Raven press, 1985: 211-248.
Recently, library cuts have been a major topic in the world of literature in Britain. The financial crisis and the resulting government cuts mean that many libraries will need to close down. Because who really borrows books these days when the internet offers information for free or next to nothing, and you don't even need to leave your house to do so?
Original Air Date: Mar 18, 2012
I will be speaking directly to all these items I mention.
o Several academic field trips, including the NY Hall of Science and Metropolitan Museum of Art
We are called to be content in all our circumstances (Phil. 4:11), never be anxious about anything, pray about everything (Phil. 4:6), and trust God is working in all things for the good of those who love Him (Rom. 8:28).
Golden Dawn Color: Green
While most of the economy limps along, the pet industry is thriving. It is estimated that $50.84 billion was spent on our pets in the U.S. in 2011. America's and the world's love affair with their pets is evidenced by their spending habits. Dog and cat parent's spending is at an all time high...and much of it is on pet travel expenses. That's right - falling in line right behind pet health & boarding expenses, dog and cat parents are opening up their pocket books to take Fido and Fluffy to pet friendly hotels and buy them those much need pet travel supplies.
Meanwhile in England, strong winds and thunderstorms forced the cancellation of dozen of flights in and out of London’s Heathrow Airport, a report said.
Make a fairy bed from coconut coir–the stuff used to line hanging planters. Steal a little bit from your planter. It won’t be missed!
You know there’s a problem when the most enjoyable part of the episode wasn’t actually intended to be funny, and the rest of the episode was just an excuse to shoe-horn some really shitty and clichéd attempts at comedy and fanservice. From this point on, feel free to just simply expect this.
Pages: 944
deep, throaty noises emerged from me while I spread my knees and legs and worked harder than ever with each contraction to help Jack down the birth canal. Lori could see the head and told Jake to look- he says the first thing he saw of Jack was some of his dark hair flopping out! So our boy had hair! Lori put a big mirror at the foot of the bed and told me to look- I needed Jake to put my glasses
There are lots of great Bible studies and curriculums out there, and we've tried a few, but to us they always felt dry and textbookish (is that a word?).
Cheers! ~ Billy, Tony, Pat and Eric
when we found the Lord,
“Hindi ako galit. WALA LANG AKONG MAINTINDIHAN.”
“Safe?” said Mr. Beaver “Who said anything about safe? Course he isn’t safe. But he’s good. He’s the King, I tell you.”— The Chronicles of Narnia
At Christmas, he gave me a pair of pajamas that said, 'No,' with the lights on but that glowed, 'Yes,' in the dark. He was a DnD fanatic, so I gave him a pewter dragon with amethyst -- our birthstone -- eyes (trust me that was cool(ish) at the dawn of the '90s.) He then -- yes folks, on Christmas -- launched the sensitive-floppy-banged-boy torpedo aimed at the cavity in my chest.
Many of the readers may by now heard about a score of times that my husband is not fond of many vegetables. What might surprise you is that he dislikes them at sight...he has never tried them at all.
Over the years I did learn that there was help out there, but by now I had a wife and family and financial responsibilities that would preclude me from ever doing ( in my mind ) anything about my condition. I am not angry or anything like that, maybe just a little sorrowful. I've lived with this for so long now, It's just a part of my life that I have come to accept and embrace as the way my Lord has allowed me to be born as.
The DT at Ladybug Crafts Ink are hosting a blog hop to celebrate the launch of our first DT challenge and show off our gorgeous projects created using a LCI stamp!
If you cut me I’ll bleed
Rye-barrel-aged Yakima, one keg only, pint pours, while it lasts … and I suspect it won’t last long.
He lived in a city northeast of Taipei and was on break from school for the winter holidays. He was single and complaining to me about how small his prospects are for finding the right guy. I couldn't understand why he was having such a hard time finding a boy for a relationship or just some fun. There are loads of very handsome and very available men in Taiwan. Just look at any gay-dating website around here, plenty of handsome and available men looking for love or a good time.
A Messianic Rose Banner by Lois Prahlow A Holy Week Banner by Lois Prahlow Luther’s Small Catechism by Lois Prahlow Creation Banner by Lois Prahlow One Church Many Ministries by Lois Prahlow Overcoming Temptations Banner by Lois Prahlow Pentecost Banner by Lois Prahlow Easter Butterfly Banner by Lois Prahlow Advent Banner: “O Antiphons” by Lois Prahlow Church Banners by Designer Patt Tiemeier Global Community Global Economy Global Politics
Q: What is your expectation of college life?
The false dichotomy: In this case, there are two. First, there is a false distinction between theological issues and the questions people are asking. Second, there is a false divide between concern for theology and passion for ministry. I agree that there can be a kind of theological nitpicking which can be counterproductive, but how can the questions Noble asks in the end of the paragraph be answered apart from solid, biblically faithful theology? Further, “real ministry” is intimately linked to solid theological reflection, contrary to the impression Noble gives in this paragraph. In fact, I would say the best, most passionate and most eternally effective works of God we have seen in church history have come from people whose hearts and minds were deeply theological. Yes, there are also people out there who would rather debate than live out theological implications, but theology is not the enemy. Simply put, are the questions Noble says people are asking going to be answered by us apart from theology? And are the questions they are asking even the most important questions?
Happy Cleaning ya'll!
"Maybe?" Says Christine, "But some things don't have to be explained do they?"
I did visit schools for sixth form. An only child, I'd decided I'd like to board if possible. Visited five liberal leftie boarding schools, was offered a scholarship to one. Remember the school visits, all over the country, as an interesting, exhilerating experience. Not threatening. But it's different as a parent. Or different now.
Meanwhile, melt the caramels and whipping cream or milk in a saucepan over low heat or in the microwave at 50% power, stirring often, until the mixture is smooth. When the bars have been removed from the oven, sprinkle the chocolate chips over the crust and pour the melted caramel over the top. Sprinkle the rest of the crust over the top and bake in the oven for an additional 10-12 minutes, until the caramel is bubbling and edges are lightly browned. Cool the bars completely before serving so they can set up properly.
And those damn coats and scarves hanging in store windows...brutal. It's safe to say I'm a ridiculous fan; scarves are indeed my kryptonite, and as such, they belong in my closet, adding to my already substantial collection. I've also been craving a red peacoat since I was old enough to figure out what they were. It's always been a fantasy of mine to be the lone lady in red, walking down a silent street of white. I've had my eye on this one (pictured left) for the last two years.
Wow it is already mid way through February and I have still been super busy. Since the beginning of the year we have managed to move house (finally it has settled and is our house)... I am back doing my day job which I love and still have yet to do much stamping on metal... (my other love).
The animal perspired and gets dried…
As is the case for so many of us, it’s all I can do not to be dragged down. We open our eyes each morning to another blanket of gloom and wobble unsteadily, right on the edge of getting back into bed and giving up before the day has begun.
qualities
I have invested hours playing it.
Just a rough draft. But just to give you an idea... on how to turn my dark charcoal sofa into Light and Bright.
She kisses him.
Natalie at Designer Bags and Dirty Diapers is one seriously cool girl. I love a girl who's not afraid to eat (she posts amazing recipes), but she's real in how she keeps her (enviable) figure. Not to mention, she has wicked fashion style and always links us to the goodies. We'd be friend in real life, I know. Even if I am a little intimidated by her tall, long-leggedness!
Judy Wilkenfeld Metal – that is, the fine engraving like one would see on Victorian pieces.
Do not visit your partner at his place of work or call him during office hours. True love means if you did not ask in the morning, then wait until he comes home. Tell him how tired he is after working so hard, massage his feet, feed him and only when his tummy is extended from overeating can you make your demands.
When I arrived home, I had a new found love of beer. But not just any beer, good beer. I wanted to try as many beers as I could. And you know what, I have tried many great beers. Even today, I am drinking a new, great beer from Bootlegger's Brewery in Fullerton California.
58. Broken a bone? - Hmm. Where do we get started? My right foot when a door smashed into it. My right middle finger when my family dog flipped over with my hand gripping her collar. My right shin when I stumbled on the cement steps at Queen St. subway. My right knee joint bone when I slipped in the woods and landed on a rock. Notice a right-side thing going on? All I can say is, good thing I never took up contact sports.
The more I think about Delphine, the more I realize that in many ways, I am Delphine. I leave it to you all, dear readers, to determine whether this post functions as an in-depth dissection of Delphine or merely a projection of my own neuroses onto her's.
18 - Johnny Lee Wills - Milk Cow Blues - 2:51
Today’s the big day you’ve (okay, I’ve) been waiting for! My urban fantasy novel, “Gifted, a Donovan Circus Novel” is now available for Kindle and paperback purchase on Amazon!
in the mix.
This is an exciting fight for survival as we follow the characters through various hazardous situations until the remaining few meet up and decide to face the horde in a heroic last-stand battle.
Just to review, I found this old chiffrobe/armoire at one of my local thrift stores. It REEKED of fire smoke. Apparently, it had been sitting in a storage unit that had caught fire. The lady checking me out thought I was crazy to take it (that's never stopped me)! I had to strip it down to the bare...and I do mean bare bones, wash it with Murphy's Oil soap multiple times, prime with Zinnser Bin (my new favorite primer) and put multiple coats of paint/glaze/fabric/wax on it, but it's now smoke free. You'd never even know it had such a rank, lowly beginning!
While we were trying to manoeuvre out of the contract, the urbanisme had sent round their minion to take a look at the fantastical construction out of the back of our house. I was not present for the visit, but I can imagine there was much tut tutting and head shaking, and pursing of lips. Minion beetled back to the town hall, and issued a Procès Verbal against Mr A for his shenanigans.
"My little Julie, I love you as I die. I will still love you even when I am dead...I had hoped to live until you were married. Work and be good as you have always been; you have not caused me one sorrow in your little life. Do not cry; I love you more than I can tell you...."
Worse, Habermas also concedes that for the linchpin “fact” in his argument — the empty tomb of Jesus — the level of agreement among his sources is not 95% but only 70%. Think about that for a moment. What Habermas is really saying is that, among Christians who have dedicated their lives to studying the Bible, nearly one in three denies the empty tomb!
Fajita Blend Veggies
I also added a tiny hint of a mint-y green to the sides of the blog (which might read as white on some monitors) because, although you know I love an all-white look, I thought it might be easier on the eyes than miles and miles of white. But I kept it simple and subtle because I like my photos to pop. I already had some mint-y green going on so now the look is more cohesive.
The puck was shot into the corner in the Leafs’ zone. Bower moved toward the puck uncertainly, leaving himself exposed from behind. Howe bore down toward the puck. Howe, the toughest guy around, could’ve plastered Bower’s head against the glass, perhaps deciding the Cup.
Either I'm doing something right or I'm doing something very wrong! This morning I got the kids off to school, ate some heavenly strawberry and honey Greek yogurt, poured myself a cup of coffee and then wrote thirty lines of rhyme for my NaPiBoWriWee day three picture book in thirty minutes. The book came together so fast that I just now realized that my coffee cup is still full and stone cold.
HELLION: These kids totally live up to the title, torturing the baby-sitter and their little brother. But then they have to deal with their stern father.
Some other things in that box, parts to a rain gutter, popsicle molds, assorted nuts, bolts, tools, pencils, a pocket knife, staples, stapler and staple puller. Miscellaneous junk.
Click on image for detail
So ya, if you guys seen me during the past few posts you'll probably noticed that i got a few more circle lens~~~this time I bought GEO nudy Grey, GEO tri-colour purple, and GEO Princess Mimi/Bambi in Green Apple
-March spring break-first lady Michelle Obama, mom Marian Robinson, and both daughters hit Broadway.
I finally got a chance to catch my breathe for a second,
Tea Party backed Republican Dan Benishek won the district in 2010 after 16 years of “Blue Dog Democrat” Bart Stupak representing the district (he retired). Benishek won in surprising fashion, as every metric used to predict races saw the race much closer than it turned out to be; from fundraising, to polls, the race was even. However, the same turnout that struck Democrats nationwide from US House control pushed Benishek to a big win.
We’re off the disco in a bit and as you can see, Paul now looks a real smart lad. I’m dead proud of him.
Tonight on Ch4 there is a documentary – proud to be prejudiced. It is looking at Muslim extremists and the EDL – and has politicians from Luton voicing their opinions.
An interesting surprise (although one reviewer was entirely cold on it) was the Abeles & Heymann Kosher Bison/Beef hybrid, the most expensive hot dog we surveyed. Spiciness and saltiness were all medium level, but all agreed it was a very firm dog and not very greasy. The Bison taste blended well and was not overpowering. One reviewer thought the texture was “somewhat like baloney” but the others didn’t agree.
I told my cousins about the time I rode a bike. I was in Batangas and my cousins weren’t there. I biked around the flat cemented grounds, then around the veranda’s floor made of small white smooth stones. I pedaled through the uneven grounds bumping up and down as I sped through rocks and small ditches. When I wanted to stop, I’d put one foot down, and with the help of my trusty tsinelas (slippers), the bike would screech to a halt.
Challenge 10: to post May 6
Bear is really good at finding his way home, so is Melissa (they have both run away before) but I don’t think I could, especially with traffic. Anyway, no good would have come from this for anybody. I hear that sometimes people steal little dogs to get reward money and Pit Bulls for breeding and fighting.
Like much of the UK and Europe we have seen some quite unusual weather over the last fortnight with cooler temperatures and some much needed rain. The locals are certainly bringing back out their winter gear!
Differences between age groups on such matters are apt to be at least as significant as differences between racial groups. For instance, black respondents 18- to 34-years-old were twice as likely as their 35- to 49-year-old counterparts to view their mobile phone as an expression of who they are.
In the store, I picked up a handful of things to try on, and of course, once in the dressing room none of them fit like they were supposed to - as in everything was cut and sized for someone with small shoulders and no waistline. At that point I decided to think of it as a compliment that I have an hourglass (as in pear shaped) figure, and actually NEED something that accentuates my waist. Pooey on these clothing designers if they don't want people looking at their waist, right? RIGHT?!? I mean, I need people to concentrate on my waist to distract from my hip & thigh area. At least I am aware now of what I need for my body and know to blame the clothes for not looking or fitting "right" and not to blame my body. Thank you Stacy & Clinton!
Thank you SaLuSa.
I believe in reuniting with old friends, even if it’s through email.
There were 2 sisters in High School (just sisters, not soul sisters) that had a little dance they and their friends would do to those two songs, kind of a cross between the Bump, the Hustle, and the Electric Slide. It wasn't the same party without Robin and Tammy and their gang there.
An Apple/Pear (cut into small bite-size pieces)
I haven't so forgive me if I already have shown you this. lol.
Amex recently re-branded their long running Membership Rewards Program as the New Social Currency; tapping directly into the growing global social commerce trend. While it is a masterstroke, companies too often fail to follow-thru on brilliant ideas like this – which means that in the end many such initiatives resemble hollow, smoke filled efforts that simply re-brand with no real substance behind it.
I cannot believe it’s already April!! When did that happen?
ExpressionsByElaine - 69
d) Finish at 4:22:00
2. Put the lid securely on the blender. Make sure it is on tight! Hold down the lid with your hand (so the lid is not forced off by the spinning liquid) and turn the blender on to high speed. Blend until the shake is thick and smooth.
"Using glassy glaze is a fun and easy way to add dimension to a card, it adds the perfect finishing touch!"
The first reason is pretty simple. Our kids love it and respond to it, it works for them, and we believe that their opinion on how to conduct their childhood is just as important, if not more so, than ours. And if they came to us tomorrow and said that they were ready for school, well, we'd support that to. More on that topic another time.
6. Marcia Griffiths - Put a Little Love In Your Heart
So if you see ghost signs, maybe take a photo and think of the artist, of what it might have looked like the first day when the paint was still wet, and of the ghost cars and people who might have been there 100 years ago.
I could tell you all of those things, and more, but you won't really get it, because I just do not have the words to describe how amazing that was.
she looked at guillotines
I got this job thru care and it seemed like a great position. Been working for this family for over a year. Got the job around May 2011 and issues started around SEPT 2012. I am a part time nanny for them as i work with another family. I'll sum up some of the issues i have. First of all: I started driving baby K around in my car and MB gave me a list of places were i was only allowed to take the baby. She never ever said well here is money for gas. Maybe it was my fault for not bringing it up but i mean all the other jobs i have MB's give me money for gas whenever i drive my charges around. Time passed by and i could not afford to keep using my money to drive child around. So I asked MB if she could please give me money for gas because i drive him around 3 times a day. She seemed extremely upset and said she would talk to DB. That friday she said she would give me 10$ a week and that i was "ALLOWED" to drive him even further. I guess she wants me to stretch those ten dollars as much as possible. She is giving me 3.30$ a day for gas. Thats one issue.
2Kathy's post about finding a new massage therapist, who works out of a cute log cabin, got me to dreaming about work spaces. Now that the coop is finished, I've hinted that Ronnie's next project be to build a vardo that we can use for travel and, possibly, for massage therapy (on-the-go). These puppies can be built to the size one wants, all it takes is building supplies (translated as $$).
Here is the actual background photo that I so terribly mangled:
T-boy’s words spoke directly to me. They challenged me. They made me ask myself soul-searching questions. To be clear it was not about the qualifications, it was more about a man who had a plan, a man who knew where he wanted to go and is clearly working towards it. We didn’t talk for long but he was clear and precise. I liked that. He seemed to me that he was a man who had studied himself. He had learned much about himself. He has carefully chosen a path for himself. I don’t doubt that he will beat the many challenges and detours on the way because he seemed determined and focused. He seemed to me that he knew clearly what he wanted. He looked to me that he had given himself to something. I think he will do very well.
Fan…..…tastic. Whatamigunnasay?
Michael and Helen stay informed about Mazatlan while they are in Vancouver. They participate in events Mexico organizes on the Lower Mainland and they are not alone. Thousands of Vancouverites flocked to the Fiesta and many donned traditional Mexican embroidered clothing and sombreros. Partygoers braved the evening rain to sing the Canadian and Mexican national anthems as both countries’ flags stood side by side on the main stage. The crowd sang, danced, ate and cheered as anyone would at a good Mexican fiesta.
Sunnyside Up, that is.
In short, they will be the only game in town, and that means you and I will pay more for our cell phones. It will lock Canada behind the rest of the world on mobile communications, cripple essential innovation, limit social progress, and drain your wallet every month.
A purple crab. Now that is cool.
The Japanese division of Korean Food Manufacturer Group Nongshim selected the lovely ladies of T-ara to be their advertisement models last year, and recently released videos of the members personally cooking their own bowl of ramen through their homepage..
I don't think it's an outrageous proposition to suggest that people should have, at the very minimum, several months worth of food stocked up at home. A year's worth of food for one person might sound like a lot, but that's only three months' worth of food for a family of four! And if I wasn't sure that I'd have a job next week or next month or even tomorrow, I'd start stocking up on food right now while I still had an income so that if I lost my job, at least I wouldn't be hungry for a while.
Former research colleague questions whether Jules Hoffmann deserved this year’s Medicine Nobel Prize. http://bit.ly/sNZHZU
We did not pack umbrella or even a cardy.
Dr. Gawande discusses his perceived ranking for a bit, acknowledging he desires change and improvement and that possibly this is age in career.
And why do you think he has spent MILLIONS of dollars sealing ALL records???Please open your eyes and wake up America? Or do you really want a communist muslim destroying your country?"
Thursday was a lot different. I picked up my New York Pass (a great way to save money) and all of a sudden, everything started making sense. I started the day by going to the top of Rockefeller Center. I took the NBC Studios tour and saw where Saturday Night Live is taped (if you look closely, you can still see tiny bits of Ashlee Simpson's shattered career in the corner of the stage). Radio City Music Hall tour was also interesting, even though we weren't allowed onto the stage. I had lunch at Planet Hollywood, next to some very famous movie costumes (Darth Vader, anyone?), went to Madame Tussaud's Museum and took a photo with Leonardo DiCaprio (finally!), did some shopping, and, in the evening, checked out the view from the top of the Empire State Building.
After still not getting a reply, I made multiple calls to 4 different party officials including the current president Reid Elley but again, no one returned my messages.
The fall is a time of slowing down and things dying but for me there are new stirrings. In the fall I take stock of how the year has gone. I contemplate if I feel stronger and better about what I did that year. This year I'm at the midway mark of my weight loss goal and there are some areas I'm frankly failing at. In terms of my weight, the biggie is tracking. I suck eggs at it. I'm comfortable with what I'm eating but if I want to continue to lose I'm going to have to track and plan. Organization and structure might as well be aliens from another planet in my world. The likelihood of me meeting ex terrestrials are higher than me successfully planning and journaling daily.
My dad said…’it’s some sort of Jewish affair…she’s an Indian muslim’ so we weren’t sure what to expect. The BBQ and fireworks were lovely. The family rows over gender disturbing.
you unrivaled
British woman Alicia Browne can testify to this, after her two dogs were snatched while she was walking them.
These stories sometimes involve whistleblowers. Sometimes money changes hands. This has been standard procedure as long as newspapers have existed, here and abroad.
6am: Pay Day
Leaving approximately 3" tail, chain 12.
Price: $49,800
My favorite change is being a wife to my husband. He is one of the greatest humans I have ever met. He is calm and patient. He is honest and human. He is also loving. He is also the reason for all of these changes (all fabulous!). I think having him through all of these changes has made my life so easy the last few months.
in a meadow
Instant
For this edition I am going to share some instant non fermented Dosas, along with those famous fermented varieties from different states.
This is one of two large salad beds. These beds are mostly shady, so my options are limited. I figure, we can eat as much salad as I can grow. There are also brussels sprouts and bunching onions growing here, and broccoli and garlic growing in the facing bed with more salad greens.
I have all kinds of news. First, I gotta say-I’m not too sure about the new blogger. The dashboard is weird and creating this post is interesting. By the time I finish this, I’ll now more about whether I like it or not. Anyway….some news.
LRH never talked about the necessity for huge, fancy buildings. Quite the opposite. He stressed that Orgs should make do with what they have, and build it up, and purchase larger quarters when they could afford them. He merely insisted that quarters be clean and functional.
And turn to escape from mortal ignorance.
The week I spent on Lady Elliot was action-packed and exciting. I diligently followed the activity board and recommended tours. A very low tide made for the perfect reef walking experience. Amongst the branching and brain corals I saw sea stars (Blue Linkia, New Caledonian and Pin Cushion), urchins (Decorator and Red Slate-Pencil), clams, far too many sea cucumbers (Leopard Spot, Long Skinny Black, Green and Sandy), not to mention the dangerous Blue Spotted sting rays as well as the harmless Epaulette sharks.
So God — who made heaven and earth, and mankind in his own image, who graciously enters into covenant with his people and gives them the law — is the party chiefly offended by any transgression. As such, He is the proper person to confess to and appeal for mercy.
Entry # 2 in my ongoing narrative about re-discovering Cleveland.
Aria*
Thankfully, they helped me change everything and nobody had made a transaction under my PayPal because I think I caught it in time. But I couldn't fully understand the employee's accent so I am still a little confused about how to handle the situation. But at least I have the information that no purchases were made and I needed to contact PayPal to fix everything on there side.
Another girl who can do nothing wrong in my opinion is Kate Beckinsale. Here she is sporting a pair of Pigalles. Now Kate has very sexy legs, yet add a pair of Pigalles, and she makes men drool all over their shirt fronts.
* UBC remains concerned about the affordability of higher education, which is
Now, arghhhh. Semi-pain. I hope it goes away, I have places to go tomorrow.
“Hello! It’s beautiful day for a beautiful girl!”
but we survived.
Watching it, I couldn't stop crying.
… And do not dispute (with one another) lest you lose courage and your strength depart, and be patient. Surely Allah is with those who are patient (V.8:46).
Over the past six months there has been a particularly dramatic exodus of taxpayers. At least 1-million mostly white, skilled South African taxpayers have already fled the country since 1994, shipping dozens of container-loads of goods out...each week. Every 20 of the 100 houses now sold in the country are by taxpaying families of all races, fleeing the country of their birth with their young children...
Piece #5: I have a new app on Facebook that lets you read the first two chapters of all of my books for free (including The Raven Boys). Oh, technology. What a mench.
One character, Nails, is a spider character who is supposed to be Frank's second-in-command but you couldn't tell it by how he acts or even how he's presented. Another character named Sparks is supposed to be a lower-level snitch who plays both ends against the middle but never emerges as anything more than a background player who's as easily dispatched by Frank as he is forgotten.
When he did that I had a feeling he was going to propose.
Who am I now, I just thought
Evernote features tagging and searching so you can find your notes easily. You can also utilize some sharing features. My favorite feature is unfortunately only available on the computer version, which is web clipping. On the bright side, you can do web clipping on your computer and view them on the iPad app. It’s not the most elegant solution but it works.
A great work-life balance must start with you first, if you want to be a successful balanced entrepreneur. You will also need to ensure your staff are happy and healthy in a productive environment by way of a strong, implemented work-life balance in your organization.
This year I decided to spice things up.
Over the years I have had many different experiences with spiders. Some I look back and laugh at the ridiculousness of the situation, some still make me shutter and some I have blocked from my mind. Here are a few of these encounters.
A. John C. Calhoun
Then a light went on. "I was thinking," I said, "of voting for Ron Paul."
*Peanut Butter
‘‘(4) CYBERSECURITY PROVIDER.—The term ‘cybersecurity provider’ means a non-governmental entity that provides goods or services intended to be used for cybersecurity purposes.
But I wanted a spring wedding. I wanted to get married in this beautiful courtyard behind an old stone chapel in Oberlin (a wonderful little college town in Ohio and part of my inspiration for West River).
Usually I'm not a late night eater, but with this pregnancy, food still doesn't sound great in the morning... It sounds necessary by lunch time... and it's okay at dinner time... but at nine o' clock at night I'm so hungry I could eat an entire olive, mushroom and onion pizza. And that is exactly what I was craving last night.
Anyone interested in the nondual side of psychology has to investigate what’s going on at the University of Lethbridge. I also recommend the conference to anyone interested in nonduality, not just psychologists. You’re going to hear a lot more from Gary Nixon in various ways in coming years. I continue to work with Gary as senior associate editor for the Paradoxica Journal of Nondual Psychology and as a member of his Board of Reviewers. I’m really pleased to be involved with the group there.
Thanks for stopping by and checking out my card...
06. To a poet 5:44
But that’s kind of splitting hairs. The Legend of Korra is a fantastic show in its own right, and a worthy successor to the greatest animated series of all time. New episodes air on Nickelodeon on Saturdays at 11 a.m., and are posted on the website pretty quickly after that. If you only watch one cartoon on TV right now, you should probably make it this one.
Race Record: Starts: 11; 1st: 6; 2nd: 1; 3rd: 1 Win & Place Prize Money: £133,600
One of the books I've started to read is proving fascinating. It's a biography, written by Kathryn Shevelow, of Charlotte Charke, actress and one of the Eighteenth Century's most colourful and original characters. A very independent woman; she shunned, from an early age, the normal pursuits of a lady, and instead took to hunting, horseback riding, and wearing men's clothing both on stage and off. She eventually left the stodgy theatres of Drury - where her famous father Colley Cibber had played the roles of actor, playwright, and manager - and turned to a new anti-establishment theatre troupe run by a young Henry Fielding - who would later write the classic novel "Tom Jones."
Written & Performed by: Ed Sheeran
I did let the higher ups know about this, but nothing was done. “Maybe it was misunderstood – English is not their first language” was the best I got out of it. I did not feel bad at all when my husband (then partner) suggested a change of pace and a move to Massachusetts that I gave less than 2 weeks notice. Had I been a bit less “flight – run hide turtle!”, I probably would have handled it differently. However, we know from previous posts, that my first reaction to bad is “RUN!!!!” That is what happened.
Then on the eve of polling, on Apr 14th , there was another round of payment to the individual voters which is in cash of Rm50.00 or Rm100.00 per voter. In the particular long house Rumah Unban the payment as shown in the video was at RM50.00 per voter.
Predictably enough, however, I spent some of the time thinking about words, and plays upon their meanings. I realise this is a form of mental illness, but it’s been something of a pleasure for most of my life.
Code Written in JAVA
Jamais en tere n'orrez plus dolent hume.
Your tertiary relationship is about how you relate to the world. The body of the belief exists in life and cannot be truly separated from it except through spiritual death. So, then Christianity must become your worldview in all aspects of reality. You cannot fracture the belief in order to have a separate secular one. Do you have two lives, one that Christ died for and the other He did not? You are either dead in the world or alive in Christ. We must properly define Christianity to the world because if we do not, the world will surely define us.
Even considering it on the merits, appellant’s cause must also fail. The petition for relief was predicated principally on the ground that the court a quo erred in not holding that the ruling of the respondent Director of Forestry, affirmed by the respondent Secretary of Agriculture & Natural Resources, suspending his Private Woodland Registration certificate was made in abuse of discretion, because said officials allegedly deprived him of his day in court. It is noteworthy to mention, however, that it is precisely for this reason that the Secretary of Agriculture & Natural Resources ordered a formal investigation of the matter to enable the parties to present their respective evidence. Yet, appellant Eco refused to submit to such investigation. Naturally, the ruling of the respondent Director was affirmed. How can it be claimed then that the Secretary of Agriculture & Natural Resources gravely abused his discretion in dismissing Eco’s appeal?
I've just come across this video of 'Diving into the wreck', which is rather lovely:
This is not a good explanation, but just some of the things that have stuck with me.
With the CF-18s coming to the end of their life and the F-35 a money sucking fraud, Canada needs to search for an alternative. We have the opportunity to correct a fifty year fallacy that one aircraft can be all things. What makes a great air superiority aircraft makes a lousy bomber and an even worse close support aircraft. So we build three separate planes for Canada’s three separate needs. The interceptor and the strike fighter with twin jet engines and the close support plane with twin turboprops.
Studio 246, 246a Sydney Road, Brunswick
I feel like my spirit is broke. I sit and think...I wonder what the last thing my mom ate was. I hope it was something good. I stayed at her house, once hubby and the kids arrived. I thought I would be OK, but I was wrong. Being in it, was fine...but seeing her coffee cup, bowl of sugar and spoon on the counter, set me off. She always sets it out the night before by the stove and her kettle. She had made a grocery list, it was sitting on the counter, waiting. I think I am still in denial that she'll never do these things again....
loving us each passing day,
Moses saw that the people were running wild and that Aaron had let them get out of control and so become a laughingstock to their enemies. Exodus 32:25
His services page claims that wherever you are in the world he can assist you with: visas, barrenness, madness, poverty, spiritual attacks, impotence, vengeance and others.
I can forgive a book a lot of things if it has a strong protagonist. A setting can be bland, a plot formulaic, a romance so-so if, at the very least, I like the character involved. Unfortunately, Everneath's Nikki Beckett doesn't quite make the cut, and because of that, I actively hated this book while I was reading it. I tried hard, guys. I really did. But even for two weeks after I couldn't stop thinking about how much I'd hated it. And then I promptly forgot about it.
Some of the panels in the titles as well as the transitions will have the function to enhance the footage right within the element itself. This versatility allows the user to have several looks and styles with just one element.
We are home and doing well! I need to get the rest of our trip documented before I forget...slightly sleep deprived here. :)
Children play on the large verandas
Intellectual Memela (he modestly confesses to being one on his profile) then goes on to say these (undefined) blacks are accused of being racists and that this is “uncalled for” and “untrue”. But, unfortunately, there are people of every colour, creed and persuasion who do discriminate. Memela tends to used passive sentences when making accusations or wild claims (authentic blacks are incapable of being racist), that is to say, he shows no agency. Who, I cry, says that so-called “authentic blacks” are racist? For starters readers do not know what he means by authentic blacks as it is not defined. People cannot accuse an unknown entity of people when they dunno who them critters are.
“What’s happening?”/”Same ol’ same ol’.”
When I made the class samples for my last class, I originally had stamped this butterfly I used on the third card onto white cardstock before I decided to change and stamp on the natural white color instead. So, this butterfly was laying on my desk already colored and just waiting to be used. That is how the colors for the card came about, as I wanted them to match my butterfly. I used the punch on both the left and right side of the folded card. I added the darker panel underneath the punched out top for contrast. I knew I wanted a pattern paper for the middle and so I cut a green pattern (actually the backside of the flowers). By accident, the green flipped over and I saw how the flower paper just made the whole think pop! Wow! I love how it all came out, don't you?
Touchdraw is an iPad vector graphics app which I bought a few weeks ago and am continuing to find endless uses for, including drawing quilt diagrams, templates, blog headers, buttons and more. There are two previous posts (the starter post and the HST post) in this series and I would suggest you work your way through those before trying this one as some prior knowledge is assumed. The header I am going to make today looks like this.
Hope you all remembered to put your clocks forward last night, with the wonderful weather we have been having British Summer time actually makes sense this year. I am going to make the most of the weather and take a trip down to B&Q to get some Wood Stain and Varnish to freshen up the Door Frames and Windows of the house today.
1st CFL-1 Joey Rosadio
Like the dramatic ending? I assume she finally fell asleep.
The little brown dog is named Jethro and he has a sister named Elly. Get it, the Beverly Hillbilly's?
3. Add the cocoa, sugar, vanilla, salt and oil to the food processor and continue to process until well blended, about 1 minute. The finished spread should have the consistency of creamy peanut butter; if it is too dry, process in a little extra hazelnut oil until the desired consistency is achieved. Remove to a container, cover and refrigerate until needed. Allow the spread to come to room temperature before using, as it thickens considerably when refrigerated. It will keep for at least a week.
“That we are the party for the tougher times not just the easier times. I have changed where we stand.
After I went to class, I came back for lunch, and decided that today was the day I was going to buy a deck of cards (they are called barajas in Spanish) which consists of 40 cards, all numbers. 1-12, excluding 8&9s of each suit..4 suits. I don´t know why, but I can´t wait to play with them! hahaha.
“There is a fight going on inside each of us. It is a terrible fight between two wolves,” he said.
As Mitt Romney closes in on the Republican nomination some liberals are already sniping at his Mormon faith. while Rick Santorum’s emphasis on the strictures of his faith has played an unknown factor in his fluctuating fortunes.
What is the role of the fashion blogger in promoting businesses like your own? Huge. Anyone who would underestimate that would be silly! There are too many fabulous blogs for me to start listing here but my latest fashion blogger encounter was with the lovely Sandra from 5incheandup who I met just a couple of days ago. She only started her blog and now gets 30.000 views a day. That’s just mad. There are certain bloggers who would wear something for their blog and that particular item would sell out in the shops. So if I get the fashion bloggers interested in my store, I’ll be very happy.
Not everyone, of course, is inclined to write long. Last summer I took a writing class with a woman struggling to complete a middle-grade book. She’d been told she needed to add about 2,000 words to get it to the “right” word count for that genre, and she was devastated. “I don’t know if I can do that,” she said, mournfully regarding the pages in her hands. I was puzzled: for one thing, 2,000 words doesn’t seem like that much. For another thing: think of the chances she had to develop character! To wax eloquent with a scene description! To throw in some snappy dialogue! But for some writers, reaching the word-count minimum is the trick. (That magic number, if you’re wondering, is 50K for mainstream adult fiction; 30K for middle-grade.)
11) The biggest nerdom movie to come out in 2012 is _______
What I would really love is a summer long day camp, but the ones that go all summer won't take a 4 year old, or they're expensive one week camps. Bleh. I guess I'm feeling like this because we're home a lot, and last summer we didn't do much of anything, plus I feel this guilt if I'm not "socializing" him enough (which is rooted in our upcoming adventure into homeschooling). But I guess I should chill out, because the truth is he does get around kids enough, especially since he's only four. There's the (few) kids on our street who will be out more since it's summer. There's the moms we've hung out with once a week for the last 4 1/2 years that we'll probably see more of this summer. There are two homeschooling groups we're members of, plus another three playgroups that offer things. And there's other friends to hang out with, plus a large number of parks we can spend the day at and the chain of YMCAs in town since we just joined up.
But first....
The Guardian Scholars Program provides comprehensive support to foster youth completing a GED, achieving an Associate’s Degree or certificate program, or transferring to a four-year institution. McPartlin says a number of students have already visited his office with concerns about how they will now pay for school.
Signups for Fusion Beads' spring classes started Thursday. I stopped by Saturday to sign up for Marilyn Moore's Egg Basket: Oval Twined Wire Bowl, but got caught by their in-store sale. Most of their strands of shaped glass beads are 40-50% off through the end of the year, youza! I definitely failed my willpower roll and left the store with a lovely packet of beads, perfect for more lacework bracelets and accent beads in my freeform peyote. I did not sign up for the class - now I'll have to wait until after the holidays and hope there's still space. Keeping my fingers crossed.
I'm usually quite wary of block tatting (I have tension issues =() and to be frank I never did dare to venture near any of the block tatted critters (even though I've had this book for years) so I am quite pleased how my little cheshire cat turned out. =)
Carmen moved to Tallahassee, Florida and became the leading lady of After The Smoke. Her voice caught the attention of T.J. Chapman, manager of B.o.B; Bryce Wilson, founder of Czar Entertainment; and William H., former A&R of Atlantic Records. However, in wanting to pursue their own endeavors, After The Smoke continued their independent journey. During this time,Carmen performed at a number of locations in the southeast including Atlanta’s Tree Sound Studios, where she continues to record.
Only now just a few months ago we find out they’re whole enormous statues–which makes it even more fantastic. Joke’s on us!
Who Goes There? Frankie & Johnnie's SteakhouseAfter Sardi's, Frankie & Johnnie's ranks as the oldest surviving eatery in the Theatre District. It was founded in 1926 and has seen a lot of flops and hits, and the actors who starred in them. It was a speakeasy in its early years, according to lore. A few years ago, the place was almost lost to the city when the Shuberts, who own the property, began tearing down every building around it in hopes of erecting a hotel on the plot. But the economy tanked before the theatre owners could get to Frankie's, and the steakhouse won a last-minute reprieve. (Ironically, the Shubert execs loved Frankie's. They often ate and held meetings at the restaurant. Never trust a landlord.)Despite having dodged the wrecking ball, the owners of Frankie's nonetheless found a way to wreck the joint themselves. Soon after being saved, they ripped out the old hidden bar upstairs—a wonderful, ramshackle little getaway if you knew how to find it, where Bugsy Siegel and Meyer Lanskey once drank alongside John O'Hara and Frank Sinatra, and Jason Robards Jr. pilloried Richard Nixon to his face. They then installed a faceless, blah bar on the ground floor, and scrubbed up and widened the entrance to the old staircase that winds it way up to the tidy, second-floor dining area.These renovations were mistakes, and noticeably decreased the seedy charm of the place. Still, Frankie & Johnnie's retains more charm than most. Tucked away 15 feet above Eighth Avenue, its small windows shaded, it still feels like a speakeasy, the most Runyonesque of Times Square eateries. The bill of fare remains avowedly old school. "I haven't seen calves liver on a menu in years!" said my brother during a recent dinner. (He doesn't get to many New York steakhouses.) He could have said the same about the creamed spinach, clams casino, mushroom caps or any number of long-standing F&J specialties.The steaks here aren't the best in New York, but they're not the worst. I always have the petit filet mignon and I always enjoy it. And the creamed spinach rocks. So do the ridiculous number (eight) of potato side dishes. If you can't find a potato preparation you like here, you just don't like potatoes. Eating ain't cheap. Meat entrees start in the 20s and head up to the 50s. And you can't escape by ordering pasta. Somehow, penne with chicken merits a $26 pricetag.There was a Frankie and a Johnnie at one time. Ownership passed down through the Johnnie line until waiter Peter Chimos bought the joint in 1985. Some of the present waiters are as old as Chimos. The hands of mine shook as he placed down my steak, but he was otherwise polite and attentive. He told me that the restaurant's many regulars stretch well beyond the Theatre District, or New York, or even the tri-state area. There are loyalists in every state, and when they come to New York, this is where they eat. And, of course, they still get their share of stage celebrities and politicians.The Shuberts still own the building. Don't get me wrong, but I hope the economy doesn't improve too much. —Brooks of Sheffield
Share and Repost on Facebook
There’s your film. But remember, there’s still the Passion of Christ, and the re-enactment of it.I won’t comment on it except to say that we will see Christ driven through the streets. He’s forced to drag his own cross. He’s crucified. The soldiers gamble for his robe. He’s taken down off the cross.
After four years of pressure, I married my girlfriend. But deep down, I knew I shouldn’t have married her. She’s rude and overbearing and just generally a nasty person. Now she is 4 months pregnant and it’s gotten even worse. I realize that she is incapable of happiness but I’m afraid I may be stuck with her because of the baby. Is it ok to leave my wife while she’s pregnant because she is a miserable person who will never change? Or should I suffer a lifetime of unhappiness for this unborn child?
Which brings me to Friday. An old friend and his wife had treated me to a birthday lunch back in July. They came to my house with Italian food so I was returning the favor at my favorite local joint.
Occupy Wall Street: 'Pepper-spray' officer named in Bush protest claim -- Anthony Bologna, NYPD officer accused of pepper-spray incident, is accused of civil rights violations at the time of the 2004 Republican national convention protests...
How true is that statement. I’m living through that right now. Actually, I live with that everyday. And it’s a constant struggle finding that in between, where logic and emotions meet and dreams and reality co-exist.
Brown: A color often found in nature, brown tends to evoke a stimulation in appetite. It is generally seen as a dull color, but represents earthiness and wholesomeness. Brown can convey warmth, dependability, friendliness, simplicity, steadfastness, and health. People who favor this color are often conscientious, quiet, shy, insecure, efficient, and sometimes people-oriented. They can also have tendencies towards stinginess, neurotic behaviors, and a fear of change or of not belonging.
(1) For He will yet send Him to judge us, and who shall endure His appearing?
Still no word from Jay and today is a week…. and nothing from my son since the nice gesture the other day. I guess some things will not be changing any time soon. Sad.
1 tsp. liquid smoke (opt.)
I'm particularly taken by a submission called BeadBricks by Rizal Muslimin, described as able to facilitate the design of microclimates "in and around buildings" by allowing variable levels of porosity in the facade. BeadBricks could thus allow architects "to modulate the environmental factors including sunshine, wind, thermal mass, and evaporative cooling."
I know people that avoid the doctor because they can't afford the cost. If you consider many doctors charge $150 dollars for just a few minutes of their time, it's understandable. That's a considerable sum if you add any prescription, which can cost just as much, or more. Even worse, the prescription may require refilling every month for the rest of their life. It's cheaper to reach the point of emergency and go to an emergency department for care.
And so to lunch, which we combined with afternoon tea at the Richmond Tea Rooms. As you’ll see in our video (at the foot of this page in the next few days), they haven’t been short of publicity since opening last summer. But you can see why this place is popular, with all sorts of people.
Anyway, standing in my back garden I breathed in the fresh scent of spring rain. The weather is warm today, but still cool enough to warrant long sleeves. As I write this, the clouds are finally turning white and breaking up, and I can even see the sun starting to poke through. There may even be a glimpse of blue sky if you look carefully…
I've noticed also that there is a gentleness to the routine of bustling about a woodfire, or kneading bread, it's gentle in the way that smearing cheese on bread and zipping lunchboxes is not. When I'm going through the motions with the fire or the kettle or the flour and dough, I get the sense that I'm tapping into something with deep, primitive roots. I feel connected to a long line of women who nurtured and prodded, and brought forth the morning with the crack of a spark in the stove. The morning routine is lonely sometimes, and sometimes its repetition makes me feel cagey. But there are sisters and mothers, and aunties and grandmothers behind me, tending the homefires as the shadows recede.
“Interpublic formed a strategic relationship with Facebook in 2006 that allowed us to fast-track the growth of our social media offerings on behalf of clients,” Michael I. Roth, Interpublic’s Chairman and CEO, said in a statement. “Facebook has since become a part of daily life for hundreds of millions of people around the world. Its ubiquity has meant the strategic value of our initial investment has moderated, while the financial value of that stake appreciated significantly. As a result, when an attractive opportunity to divest a portion of our position recently presented itself, we decided that it made sense to do so. Today, we’ve agreed to sell half of our stake for approximately $130 million.”
When I arrived home, walking up my driveway I spotted a penny. I’m not one to look luck in the face and turn my back on it, so I picked it up, especially after noticing that it was heads up! Now I’m in a great mood!
Parents and educators increasingly recognize that children and teens are living digital lives. They bemoan the hours spent plugged in and mesmerized by screens and gadgets. Yet the same adults seem squeamish about supervising such activity – about asking to see what children are doing in the virtual world, about checking on their digital signature, about reviewing what personal profile they have in cyberland. It is good parenting and teaching to engage your children and students, to know them, to spend time sharing their interests. It is not spying to ask, request, say, require . . . let me see your facebook page . . . I want to review your cell phone usage . . . Our family doesn’t say those kinds of things on line. We should be happy and proud to be the POS (parent over shoulder) – not wearing camouflage, but out in the open, doing our adult duty to help our children be smart and safe.
The only consolation, according to the report, seems to be that while the percentage of criminal candidates among men is 14.3, it is only 9.14 among women. I think our women need to work a little harder to attain equality with men.
I expect that, when you woke up this morning, you didn’t fall flapping on the floor, gasping for air until you remembered that, of course, you can breath air, you have lungs. You didn’t have a long philosophical debate about whether it was an appropriate form of breathing, to breath air with lungs. Fish, of course, live in the salty ocean, also without any philosophical complaint, nor any distress, nor any enquiry. Humans, like fish, tend to be oblivious to our capacities and tendencies where they are indistinct from our survival in the sea in which we swim.
Finally, I can breathe at the middle of the plane, with two .50 cal machine guns manning each window. They were there as some defense to fend off enemy fighter planes trying to stop the bombers from deploying their cargo. And finally the rear door is in view but not before seeing another door to a closed section of the plane. Behind the closed door is where the tail gunner would have made his home fighting oof other planes from the rear. The B-17 also had a top of the plane gunner station but the bulb was taken off to let air in. Fitting out the back door, the walk through of the claustrophobic plane is done. Although the plane we had just seen never flew in any actual missions in WWII the “Nine-O-Nine” was named after the crew called the “Nine-O-Nine” who had many successful missions in WWII.
Have you looked at your blog in dynamic views yet? It looks great! I will be making the switch. The sidebar goes away, though, when you do, so I need to figure out some ways to work around that. I've also been trying to use my Google Voice phone more too. The coolest thing it does is when you click on a person on your email list, google calls them, and rings your cell phone when their phone starts ringing. In a very google big brotherish way, it pulls up the person's picture as it appears on your cell phone. Oh yes.
back and forth
Ok, so we’re not talking about a werewolf that poses any danger to anyone. And the people who woke up and the cat that hissed were my husband and my own kitty. And no police were called but the diet police in my head were certainly sounding alarm bells. I definitely was not myself, to say the least.
Over the last decade my mother has become even more depressed and emotional. She is a hoarder–always has been, but my dad is a neat freak and threw stuff out with enough regularity to keep our house at a tolerable level of clutter. Post divorce, the house was/is literally bursting at the seams with clothes and papers and knickknacks. It makes me feel claustrophobic so my visits tend to be brief. On summers home from college, I stayed with my dad because there LITERALLY was no place to stay even though my mother lived in a 2 bedroom apartment. She now lives in a 3 bedroom house and it’s still the same. She’s been in and out of therapy and doesn’t take her medication–at times because she couldn’t afford it, at times because she just didn’t feel like it.
I have been to seriously tons of stores/boutiques all around Utah... I have spent the majority of my time online searching. I have bought a few things and honestly returned 75% of what I have purchased for him already. I get it and just don't love it so I send it back. I have no idea what my issue is. Everything for him has to be perfect. It has to be something I LOVE and not just like. His room is so important to me and I have no idea why I am so controlling about everything in it. EVERYTHING.
*Always check player availability as close to tip off as possible.
This is Bird’s live-action debut, having directed The Incredibles and Ratatouille for Pixar. He is perfectly suited for this kind of movie, the M:I series being something of a live action cartoon in any case. There are stunt sequences here that are some of the best in the series, including one in which Ethan Hunt climbs the outside of the Burj Khalifa in Dubai, the world’s tallest building using a pair of electronic gloves that allow him to stick to the glass surface. There is also a climactic fight between Cobalt and Hunt in Mumbai in one of those garages where the cars are stacked as in a carrying case and brought out robotically. There’s also a chase in a sandstorm involving Hunt and Wistrom.
Dad’s been struggling with his walking for quite some time, but he managed to walk to where the caravan once was, across the old playing field, past where the shower block once stood and we all looked at where the caravan used to stand. You could still see the pitch, the garden now very different to how it used to look, but I could see it how it used to be. We stood for a while and then walked back to collect the car at the entrance. I know Dad struggled with the last bit of that walk, but I was so pleased he managed to see all of that. I was proud to be able to walk with him along the journey of the past.
Hold that moment, or those moments.(Oseh shalom bimromav, Hu ya’aseh shalom aleinu.)
Embedded
How many of you recognize this man?? He could be anyones husband, father, grandfather. I know my husband looks like this alot. Not like him exactly but you now. The nap, chips and remote. I just love this line of stamps. You can find it at Art Impressions. This is how I feel at the end of a monday!
At one time, I used to make myself crazy trying to organize things beautifully like Martha. No, no I can't buy that neon orange toothbrush! It won't look pretty in my medicine cabinet.
Favorite flower: Tulips.
Am I completely cured? No. Quite apart from the fact I feel “cure” is a misleading word - it implies returning to a previous state of being, whereas I feel I’m creating a new way of being - the reality is there are still some symptoms that make themselves felt. As I said before, this is not a quick fix, and it is less than 6 months since I began the MT. But I am considerably improved on where I was – far more than I could possibly have hoped for at the outset – and can see how I will continue to improve as I continue to apply what I have learned.
“One should master one’s passions, (love, in chief)
The ads extol the virtues of reading, recycling, and being polite.
Overall it was an amazing American Con experience where I cosplayed, hung out with old and new friends, nerded out, videographed, networked with other cosplayers, and scared tiny children. It was a blast being the Super Skrull. But so painful. Learned many lessons for my next cosplay adventure. The End
What happened? Hmm... it's true that in order to make sure that my payment received at the other end, I simply googled 'fantasy dreams' and got a contact number. Immediately I dialed and got through.
If you are operating a home business, efficiency is one of the secrets to success. When you run your own business from home and you’re a one-person team, you’ve got lots of tasks that you need to execute yourself. From time to time, however, when you get to do those tasks is dictated by the needs of your business. So occasionally, you will find that business is slow and there are times when business is so frenzied you can hardly keep up. When business is slow, it’s important that you utilize those down times productively.
So when it hurts
But wait, I must do my taxes before I go and have fun. *sigh*
For the past 15 years Eric & I have took an anniversary trip, We could go anywhere, within reason...I mean Dubai is probably out, but there has never been any question about where we would go. The Only question is... WHERE WILL WE STAY! We always stay some place new-to-us but we may have just found our home....
Emmalee Aple was born and raised in Wisconsin, but always dreamed of life on the coast. Now grown, with a handsome computer geeky husband and two beautiful blonde monsters of her own, she uses what spare time she can manage to squeeze out of her day writing, sewing and crafting.
Mr. Gibson showed up to the hotel, but got cold feet at the last minute. When he tried to leave, Mr. Hinkle stripped naked and tried to prevent the 18 year old from leaving the room. Kameryn then called his sister, who rushed to the hotel to pick up her brother. Upon seeing that he might be in some major trouble if this leaked, Mr. Hinkle offered the pair 100 dollars, his blackberry and his IPad for their silence. Unfortunately for him, the sister went to the Indiana media and told the story. Did I forget to mention that Phillip is married? Ooops.
