whiteness
Surly Brewing Company CynicAle
I'm hoping to raise a humble $2500 for these groups, so I've got about 125 photos. If the demand is crazy high, we'll figure something out. But I want you all to know I really appreciate the support and encouragement I've received this year, and I hope this is an adequate way to show such.
Since my post with photos of my Daily 5 and Guided Math set-up, I've had some email requests to share my files on TpT. Ask and ye shall receive! I've just added my Daily 5 posters, CAFE posters, Daily 5 I Can type charts, rotation/center labels and other bulletin board bits and pieces to TpT and TN. About 63 pages of bulletin board goodness!
Snacks: Popsicle (25 calories), Jell-O Temptation Lemon Meringue (100 calories)
Douglas A. Gowell, 52, Methuen, Mass.
Uma: Can we try my soupy question again? The spaces between adult and child perceptions form the core of this lovely story of family relationships and the creation of tradition. Can you talk about how you approach liminal spaces in your work? Between childhood and adulthood, between fiction and truth, and now in collaboration, between text and image?
La Damnation de Faust
One of my responses to her texts was, "Drama." It felt so good to type... Not much longer.
“The highest rates of child mortality continue to be in Sub-Saharan Africa, where 1 child in 8 dies before age five–nearly 20 times the average of 1 in 167 for developed regions,” according to a 2010 report compiled by the UN Inter-agency Group for Child Mortality Estimation, or IGME.
For example, in an otherwise insignificant moment, an unidentified, “multi-legged” insect drowns in Alice’s latte macchiato. The readerly impulse here is to recognise a possible allusion to Kafka’s Gregor Samsa, and thereby to appreciate the implications of this absurd event. We may ask: is German literature drowning in consumer culture? Instead, or in addition, we ought to admit the tension this moment generates, when literature tries to exhaust literature by means of literature. Rather than having been flattened and standardised by translation, Alice is flattened and standardised in its quest for an impossible loss of meaning. The plaintive death of the insect is a small manifestation. In his review of Hermann’s first book of stories, Zulfikar Abbany says the word “Nichtssagend”, meaning empty or meaningless, “describes a host of young German literary lights who, aside from a smattering of cute observations, have nothing to say”. The leading light of Nichtssagend, he says, is Judith Hermann. The problem for them and their admirers is that the cute observations say more than they may wish.
Bookhart
The ban on smoking in pubs is problematic in that it takes an admittedly evil – but LEGAL – product and behavior (smoking tobacco) and removes our right to choose to do it. And, to do it in a time and place long associated (even expected) with smoking: drinking. If we’re too chicken to ban it altogether, why ban it in the very place people want to do it most?
Taking this approach, the first view seems quite attractive. Pakistan’s immediate concerns are numerous: armed conflict along the Western border, another military operation imminent, massive displacement, rising poverty levels and continued political instability and insurgencies.
course, that might be cause that's where i chunk all the stuff "i should give away"
Here every Sunday, during the summer season, there used to be a rendezvous of coaches and horsemen, with abundance of gentlemen and ladies from Epsome to take the air, and walk in the box woods; and in a word, divert, or debauch, or perhaps both, as they thought fit, and the game increased so much, that it began almost on a sudden, to make a great noise in the country
2: Yep, that’s just how much Ivory Coast these days
A person close to you has been taking advantage of you lately and you don't deserve it, you're worth more so start thinking it and believing it and the future will be bright!
-He is drinking out of a sippy cup really well
The best part about these are now, we get to tell the stories. And they are definitely get way better and more elaborate with time. Next time I tell the story about my shorts, it will probably include someone making a poster of me naked and putting it up around school. So enjoy your 'traumas' and keep telling them. By the end you'll be going uphill both ways in the snow in every story you tell anyways.
the cooked vegetables arranged on a plate and add the egg pieces, crackers and chips, then doused in condiments.
Make up is not always easy, especially if you are not in the habit of wearing a lot of it. There are many tutorials you can watch but none of them are any replacement for practise unfortunately. I would recommend that you go for a slightly more dramatic look than normal for a wedding. I love smokey eyes but a metallic/ shimmer look would work for a more formal occasion as well.
...Taking underemployment into consideration, the job prospects for bachelor's degree holders fell last year to the lowest level in more than a decade.
1453 D-II/6/2003. “Aaron Burr, An Ill-fated Genius.” Hyde Park Women’s Society. Hyde Park Union Church, Chicago, Illinois
Many of the themes featured here are also featured on many modern theme compilations, usually from Castle Music, but this album features rare stereo versions of Tony Hatch's themes from Crossroads and The Champions, tracks which are always featured in mono on such compilations.
Who does this guy think he is?
The mom part of me says: Be supportive............
P)Passion
coming downstairs.
I'm Tickled Pink with a Blue-Eyed Baby - Evans
“Actually a first-class reputation is due Madhavendra Puri because he was a most confidential devotee of the Lord. Sometimes a sahajiya presents himself as being void of desires for reputation (pratishtha) in order to become famous as a humble man. Such people cannot actually attain the platform of celebrated Vaishnavas.”
He is colored with copic and the paper is beautiful Pion that goes so well with the soft colors I wanted on a baby card. And last week I found a box full of treasures in the basement. My husband's old stamp collection. And yes I asked him permission to use them on my cards ;) Gives a little vintage look.
that I am.
As my regular readers will recall, my mother died, a short while ago. We (I and my sister, brothers, sister and brother-in-law) have been very busy in the intervening time, so much to do, so many people to contact, official forms to fill, appointments.
We got home late Sunday night and by the time my family got back in town (we didn't land at the airport near us) and grabbed some american food (a welcome sight, believe me) and then got home, it was around 10pm. We went to be early and woke up really early there, so I was exhausted...not even taking into account that we spent all day on a bus, sitting in an airport, or sitting on a plane. I got home and crashed.
This is another image I'm really feeling inspired by as the layout is the same except there is no peninsula:
Meanwhile the Rooster was tickling my foot and checking for smiles. Bringing me joy, being the change she was insistent on seeing. I suppose you could say that a 7 month old was only grabbing what was right in front of her, but I wasn’t the only one who noticed her looking. I wasn’t even the first. Her looking and tickling and smiling, that is what was right in front. God is enough. He is faithful.
I love how much my class helped my in my day to day activities. Just two weeks ago, I landed a Promotions internship at Kiss 95.1. Now, this week we are talking about jobs in public relations and how to get there. I’m going to share my experience and compare it to a suggested interview process.
I could start with the News, though.
Let the village keep festival: farmers, purify the village,
What, you don't remember? Nostalgic You-Tubing commence!*
Asgard Park by Ronald Simonar
EasyBebe Store.
No inshore or offshore reports the past couple of days due to the wind.
Hello my lovely readers! Before we delve into today's post, a fascinating insight into laundry, I thought I'd give you two quick updates. I am still out of town, so there will be no finished object posts yet. Also, I failed to mention in my previous posts, I did decide to get some of my locks chopped off before I went out of town. I cut of 6 inches to be exact, but I am fairly positive that at least an inch has grown back already. I do love how much lighter and cooler it is though!
I don’t think it is a coincidence that this is the last Psalm in the Book of Psalms
I'm particularly looking forward to Fyne's new summer offering, Fiddler's Gold, their Jarl, Hawkshead's 5 Hop and great beers from the likes of Thornbridge, Bristol Beer Factory, Marble And Green Jack.
Krishnamurti: I am afraid that most of the experiences that one has are of no value. You are repeating the same thing over and over again, whereas to me an experience really understood frees the mind from all search for experience. You confront an incident from which you hope, to learn, from which you hope to profit, and you multiply experiences, one after another. With that idea of sensation, of learning, of gaining, you meet various experiences; you meet them with a prejudiced mind. Thus you are using the experiences that confront you merely as a means to get something else – to get rich emotionally or mentally, to enjoy. You think that these experiences have no inherent value; you look to them only to get something else through them.
AAM: Ascension is a process. There is a formula, much like creation. And what…this return to inter-dimensionality is a part of Ascension. It is part of your process. It is helping you get comfortable. So, do not try and differentiate between the two. What you are doing is joining with Gaia and going up the sacred spiral.
Having heeded calls for another expedition out of the city centre The LRM will be congregating this sunday at 2pm in Staylbridge buffet bar (aka the lovely old pub on the railway station platform).
Then a few days later I get a call from him - we had a nice conversation and he said he was going to India for two weeks and would call me when he got back to the US.
WHY RENT SOMETHING ELSE: The jokes aren’t particularly funny and watching teenagers awkwardly try to get laid isn’t my idea of a fun 90 minutes.
Meanwhile, shame might be a relative thing depending on whether one has a fully functioning conscience, a holey conscience or no conscience at all. People can be ashamed for reasons that are unreal, or fail to be ashamed when they really ought to be. Shame is largely conditioning and therefore is not always an accurate measure of what is truly right and wrong.
Garlic, 3 pcs, chopped finely (Note: Some Nine Emperor Gods devotees don't eat garlic)
Houston Astros - Brad
I recommend that the president set up a national commission to study whether the laws of gravity are something that Congress might want to consider repealing. I know partisan divides are quite stark these days; yet I strangely have faith that this is one issue where the right and left might agree.
i'll be back later. OK, tomorrow. i'm going to bed now, been a very, very, very long day.
AcuGraph Basics: Written tutorials to follow at your own pace. Some people prefer to read about a topic off line. Here you can print out just the topics you need!
I managed to take a shot of the river while we crossed one of the bridges. I just thought it was so pretty that you can see the mountains in the background. Look harder, they’re there. (Ooooh correct grammar on their, there and they’re. Jen for the win)
DEALER: Jake never really leaves the apartment.
Buried deep in a Kyodo News business round-up from a few days ago comes this promising stat: Compared with last year's June to August period, shipments of local beer grew by 8.1 percent this year. The tally includes figures from "45 leading local brewers," with shipments reaching 2,005 kiloliters. The Big Five, meanwhile, gained just .7 percent. Kyodo, referencing information form Tokyo Shoko Research, attributes the increase in craft beer shipments to marketing, such as being active in events through the especially hot summer (article accessed here).
This card is an all time favorite of mine. This is when I knew Graphic 45 was for me. I was able to design this card in one afternoon using Graphic 45's Curtain Call Collection. It came together so effortlessly for me because G~45's collections are just "that" amazing!
It’s that time of year again folks, the one week devoted to appreciating your teachers! After the past few weeks I need a good week long showering of respect and kind words from the kiddos and colleagues! I had a pretty good weekend, got a massage and a facial (thank you bf), a couple of new shirts (goodwill, but still lol), and got a ton of work done. I also lost weight, again, 2.4 pounds to be exact!
I have a great deal of respect for this author and I’ve been trying to figure out why. She doesn’t carry you away with her tales; she doesn’t present anything new; she doesn’t challenge a current social more by bringing some shocking thing into an otherwise natural setting.
Pistelyni ovat edelleen salaisia ja Pojan lahjassa on vielä paljon tikattavaa :)
Here Tolkien was reaching to the heart of his friend. Lewis had focused all his attention either on what Joy was or how to get it, but Tolkien was forcing him to consider the matter in a wholly different light. It was not Joy itself but its presence in a biological organism comprised largely of water, nitrogen and carbon that constituted the greatest puzzle. That we dream and wish at all is a powerful element in the case for the belief that myths communicate some truth that cannot be communicated in any other way.(145-146)
Although they look a bit of a clash together, I feel it's something I want to do so I can enjoy them all instead of them being in a suitcase! Here are some photos of the initial stages - laying them out to see what could work together. Next stage is washing them all by hand, ironing them and cutting them into exact squares. I shall keep you posted on my progress - it might take a while as I've got my fingers in lots of pies!
*I lengthened my stitch to help reduce rippling.
I love the opportunity to grow and I'm so abundantly appreciative that it seems to be happening to me so much lately. It's amazing what happens in your life when you make room...
I will come in and eat with him,
What we should do is allow individuals to own their own insurance and have the same tax treatment as companies get. You do that and people like this young woman would be able to own her insurance. The rates would be substantial lower for her buying it individually than if she had to buy it individually today.
“It’s never nice to spend so much time sitting in the garage, but we had a few reliability concerns that we needed to resolve before we continued running. We suspected the issue was related to the hydraulic system of the car so changed that as a precaution. At the same time we chose to make the most of the downtime by bringing forward the engine change, which had been planned for the end of the session. It has been a tough day for the guys in the garage, but they did a great job to get the car out for the final half hour and give Paul the chance to complete a handful of laps in preparation for tomorrow. Due to the lack of running for Paul, he will now stay on for half a day tomorrow, before Nico takes over in the afternoon.”
As per her wishes, Cline was brought home to her dream house for the last time before her memorial service, which thousands attended. Hours later, news surfaced that singer Jack Anglin of country duo Johnnie and Jack fame had died on the way to her service,[9] and the Opry mounted a tribute show to honor the victims.
We should be careful, here, not to confuse the strength of a material with its elasticity. It is easy to snap a biscuit in pieces but it would take much more effort to snap a poker chip of the same size and thickness. Both are plastic objects in that they do not return to their original shape when deformed but that does not mean they are equally strong materials.
Sirs, a four-piece punk band from upstate New York will release their first LP in July via Topshelf Records. The LP is the follow up to the band’s 2011 split release with the UK’s run, WALK!
Barbara G. Etzold, 43, Jersey City, N.J.
Tuesday - AI fix the final part using exactly the same code Goth suggested
Calories: About 165 per piece
This brings us to one of the central scripture passages describing the work of the founding of the House of Prayer:
“I thoroughly enjoyed collaborating with the design team to create my dream collection, and I’m looking forward to a fun and creative time ahead,” she told the Telegraph.
In fact three arguments (or perhaps three versions of one argument) will now be presented, drawing from three separate canonical sources. As in the discussion of Plato in the last chapter, it is not so much my goal to explicate the canonical sources with an historian’s precision as it is to use some excellent philosophy as a springboard and inspiration. This does not mean that I am giving myself a license to anachronism or idiosyncrasy. I am simply asking the reader to consider the arguments (and the interpretations) on their merits as they pertain, if at all, to the problem of phenomenal properties. The second part of the chapter will again appeal to heterogeneity and explore the implications of recognizing that consciousness, unlike intentionality, is not a supervenient quality. When this is recognized it turns out that we can avail ourselves of a kind of materialist theory that fails when used to address intentionality
* 1 can full fat coconut milk (it’s good for you!)
I am allowed no censorship authority? No options to blackball, reject or deny access?
Many Spanish-speaking parents hesitate to teach their children to read in their home language because they worry that this will make it more difficult for their children to learn to read in English. Nothing could be farther from the truth! In fact, the more children know about reading in their first language, the easier it will be for them to learn to read in English.
Marsha Sigman 6:05 PM
I can relate to you better than anyone. I was once the wife of an US Air Force member. I have felt the pain of deployments, I have felt the worry and loneliness, I have felt the joy of him coming home. I may not be an Air Force wife any longer but I will always remember how that felt. It’s a feeling of pride and a feeling of fear, all at the same time. I still feel those feelings as I have a large amount of friends and family in the armed forces, and constantly feel that pride and fear for them all. The father of my baby boy is to be deploying this month in fact, and those same feelings still remain. I won’t be at ease until he is back home safe.
But soon I found
While there has been mention in alien abduction lore about cover memories, outside the surrealist movement or David Lynch I can't think of a single 'fact-based' film other than Communion that actually dares to address the line between dreams and reality so head on: the intentionally bizarre creatures, masks, show biz parodies, and roll reversal instances are where Communion really comes alive. If you can imagine Christopher Walken playing all the non-dwarf roles in a sequel to Phantasm directed by Dario Argento Communion is your nightmare. One crazy moment finds Walken investigating strange noises at night, looking in a closet and finding this bug-eyed teddy bear.
We ate at Settebello Pizzeria Napoletana downtown on St. Patrick's day, and it was amazing. Have you ever eaten there? My sister-in-law who served her mission in Italy says it's the place to go in SLC for authentic Italian-style pizza. The appetizer we ordered looked amazing (and tasted even better), and my pizza had enough kalamata olives on it to make me one happy camper.
David Fickling was talking about Book People and Non Book People (to paraphrase) and the divide therein. It made me think that maybe we ‘Book People’ need to be a bit more evangelical about our passion for books. This brought Jamie Oliver to mind and his ‘Pass It On’ programme where he taught people recipes and asked them to (yes, you’ve guessed it) pass it on! The people they pass it on to then pass it on to someone else (keep up) and it eventually many many people know that recipe.
The luncheon went well, although the toilets stopped working ten minutes before the luncheon started. That made it interesting, with almost seventy women in attendance. Indiana spent the entire afternoon working on the plumbing problem, which did not help his mood. He told me later that he felt like he wasted the entire day because he spent it on the toilet. I found his phrasing quite humorous, although he did not.
Belize’s lax immigration laws have made it a culturally rich and diverse country, with people emigrating from Europe, Asia, Central, South and North America, and the Caribbean islands. These newcomers combine with the local Mestizos (of mixed European and Indigenous descent), the Crioles (of solely European descent), the Garifuna (of African
6:30- 11:30 Read Victoria Roth's Divergent
And then there are the contests with a hidden agenda: making money for the sponsor.
Or she’s a giant on a throne,
I love me some Secret Santa and when Ashley, Crystal, and Emily mentioned a blogger secret santa through their Holly Jolly Xmas Swap, I was so in! I have really been enjoying connecting with SO many wonderful bloggers and thought this would be a great way to meet some more! And I was definitely right!
Today is the first round of the 2012 French Presidential elections. Go for a walk in our beautiful Provence (the village of Pujaut is worth a visit, sure!) but go and VOTE first.
In spring 2000, when asked by the Hôtel des Arts in Toulon to produce a work about the department of Var, Sophie Ristelhueber took 22 large-format colour photographs and stuck them directly on the walls of the space, playing on the relation between interior and exterior. She also asked actor Michel Piccoli to recite a list of over 2,000 department place names, as if this could somehow reassert the region’s identity. Here, as they listen to these names, visitors can see one of those large format photos from La Liste around the picture window affording a view through the Tuileries all the way to the Louvre’s Pavillon de Marsan.
Akinobu Nishimura is actually quite handsome. Kekekekke @_@. And I thought he was a you know, gay. Hahahaha, but not. Okok. :P . I took a picture with him! But not gonna post. I look like shit. LOL.
“Like you don’t know, the god damn principal of Norcross high school. He was the one who got me into this shit before I graduated. You know, I was a damn good student before this. Could a graduated from UGA already.”
We’re all very excited and the whole time is motivated to make sure we meet our goal. There’s a ton of work to be done, but we do it happily, even if many times there are sleepless nights and excessive amounts of caffeine involved.
Maggie Stiefvater has a gift for making the unbelievable believable. A few pages into this novel I found myself googling Water Horses and capaill uisce. Stiefvater's historical fantasy world comes to life with each turn of the page. Though he just wants to focus on the race so that he can buy his freedom, Sean finds himself going out of his way to protect Kate "Puck" Connolly from the menfolk who take her entrance in the race as a personal insult against years of tradition. Sean seems to have a special bond with the capaill uisce which has made him invaluable to a controlling stable owner with a nightmare of a son. Typically a loner, Sean finds himself seeking the company of the only young woman brave enough, or maybe just desperate enough, to willingly enter the deadly race. With terrifying horses emerging from the water, her older brother threatening to desert the family, and a young man who she can't quite seem to stay away from, Puck is in for the ride of her life.
Now, in the Plymouth wilderness sitting down with first Americans, eating foods from the wild never before tasted, undoubtedly motivated by gratitude for survival but more deeply moved by a recognition that the graciousness of God had pulled them through the dark, cold days of the struggle to form a new colony away from oppression and religious persecution in their homeland from whence they came.
and I have to tell you it is a must have item
So as you think about Christmas this year please keep in mind that it doesn't matter what you don't have or can't afford what matters is what you do have. The gifts that you can't buy in stores are often the one's that are the most precious.
It followed her to school one day
The Weathered Bungalow is trying something alittle new...
DENNY NICHOLSON bs A
Zach and I are taking a little bit to get into a routine ourselves. The house is very quiet and Zach is finding it hard to not have Cooper here to play with him all day. The days do seem to go quicker though.
Speaking with my Asian friends, if you see Asian people eating at a restaurant that is Asian, odds are good that it's good Asian food. There were many different cultures there, I live in a Ukranian influenced part in my city so there were Ukranian, Italian, Asian and American. They knew it was all good and my gosh was the parking lot packed. We arrived right when dinner started, 4pm. My guess is that they serve for fish selections at dinner time.
The ‘event’ was in fact this “Evening With the PM” along with another pre-arranged session with the “Friends of BN” (FBN) group, also based in the UK.
OK - so why is America finally standing up to all the illegal aliens invading and living in the country? Well, read below to get an idea of the crime rates of these illegals. On average, they are arrested 8 times. Hello! I don't know about most of the readers of this blog, but in my nearly 40 years, I've NEVER been arrested for anything. How do you manage 8 times? No wonder true American's are now fed up.
A dyslexic man walks into a bra.
-Heart decals with our name & date on the guest book
7. Rakkans (5:23)
Fresh coriander leaves, to serve
It can be devalued.
In a trailer about 40 yards away from the pit in which her son married minutes before, Lisa Umphenour showed off a pastoral-themed, triple-tiered wedding cake and two drinking glasses her new daughter-in-law designed.
Works for me obviously. So instead of trying to nail down whether an album came out on a particular day, week, or month...I'm just going to title posts with "40 Year Itch". Speaking of which, Bill Withers released his only #1 single "Lean On Me" on April 21, 1972. It's one of those songs you might find yourself accidentally playing on the piano. That's kind of how Withers wrote it:
I didn't trade them or give them away. Or did I. Stop it! You're over-thinking it. Now I'm talking to myself.
At one point during the party, Lasher calls down to two blacks on the streets, calls them "nigs" and tells them the party offers "free drinks and nice Jewish girls." The two blacks (named Melvin and Howard) come up and try to beat up Lasher for this, but are stopped by Corinna, a fat, friendly prostitute who invites herself into the party.
- and a Josy Rose nail head in the centre of each butterfly
So his soul would not bear the stain.
Where does that love go when it is no longer needed? I don’t know. I do know that you love someone, their well-being is as important to you as your own, and then suddenly that someone is gone, leaving behind those unfulfilled feelings of wanting to help. Of caring. Of empathy. I still think of him almost all the time, still wish I could put my arms around him and make him well. When I hear a noise, sometimes I think it is he, and my first inclination is to go to him. When I hear or see something that would amuse or outrage him, sometimes I get up to go tell him. But these thoughts and actions are not as painful as they once were.
Soft kisses fade away in frothing soapsuds
I pray that one day she looks back on yesterday and pulls from that experience so that she can show her husband just how cherished he is.
Her debut THE MONSTORE will release with the Aladdin imprint of Simon & Schuster in lucky Summer 2013. She posts writing tips, book reviews, interviews and other kidlit curiousities at taralazar.wordpress.com.
Susanna Kearsley author of Mariana found her Sir Geoffrey de Mornay of Crofton Hall turned into Sir Ego de Moron of Crouton Hall, her swordfights turned into swordfish and the approaching hoofbeats into approaching houseboats. It certainly gave the plot an extraordinary turn.
~Rainbows End 4.26.12
Boxman, E., De Grant, P., & Flap, H. (1991). The Impact of Social and Human Capital on the Income Attainment of Dutch Managers. Social Networks, 13, 51-73.
However, I would be interested to learn what are the transitional provisions for existing Sudanese registrations and whether these require re-registration and, indeed, when a South Sudanese trade marks office might open".Afro Leo isn't sure what's happening there either -- and speculation might be premature. However, he hopes that anyone who has any information about IP developments in either part of Sudan will keep this weblog informed.
So for the OKC fans, who like me know what it is like to support and love a small-market franchise team, I say congrats! And good luck. I see the way these fans support their teams to be similar to how students of mid-major schools support their team during the NCAA tourney. Sure, like many others I think and would agree there is a deeper connection to a team/school when you are a student, but for many that same emotional is there for a professional team.
Tomorrow is our U.S. Thanksgiving. I feel very mixed about it. We are hosting family (BIL, SIL, dh's cousin and her husband and son, and two very close friends of ours) here at our home. I feel a slight joy and excitement about this. Planning to give the house a good cleaning today (although I"m still procrastinating by emailing and blogging this morning) and decorate just a tad. I'm going to "spruce up" Acacia's photo on our bookcase in our living room to draw a little more attention to it for tomorrow - in hopes that friends and family might see it and pause to remember that she is not with us, and that I am fully aware of that. Tomorrow will be her 14 month birth-date anniversary.
I have been enjoying some unusually warm March weather-maybe you have been too! I love being able to open all the windows, eat outside and let the boys get out all their wild energy. It also makes me excited for my bathroom paint redo.
I got a phone call from a lovely lady who was tracing her husbands family. I gave her as much information as I had on my paternal grandparents and great grandparents---but she gave me more.
He was also a member of the Nigerian USA 1994 World Cup and was surprisingly included in the 1998 World Cup tournament in France and was a member of Team Nigeria (Football) at the 1988 Olympics in Seoul, South Korea.
A win scores 3 points and a draw 1 point. Record Enemy AP destroyed; ties are broken by the player who has killed the most enemy AP.
Bea smiled reassuringly. “We are all going home. That’s why we are on the train.”
Nikki Loftin has written a fantastic present-day spin on a treasured fairy tale. The Sinister Sweetness of Splendid Academy was a quick read that drew me in and kept me guessing throughout the story.
A color that marks the walls of my childhood.
Good evening,
We pick up on things
By 1875, Elizabethtown was basically abandoned, but the ATCHISON TOPEKA AND SANTA FE RAILROAD (and the newfound ability to both transport ore long distances and commence dredging operations) brought the town back to life. E-town became a musical hotspot, with people traveling from all around to hear fiddle playing on a Saturday night. In 1903, Remsberg’s store went up in flames and a large part of the town went with it. Dredging ended in 1905 and E-town’s massive dredger, named “Eleanor” was left to sink deeper into Moreno Creek with each passing year. It’s still in the creek, but entirely buried now. Then it was a long, slow fade until 1917 or so, by which time hardly anyone was left in E-town. The post office hung on until 1931.
Lido and Ishcandar pointed out however that talk of a shipment in exchange for the captive kids sounded pretty nefarious at any rate. They agreed on that point, but Hermel still didn’t feel there was quite yet enough to warrant busting the door down and killing the card players (assuming they could even succeed in doing so!). Nevertheless, some of them wanted to bust into the room and catch the men at the card table by surprise, namely Jeremy, come what may. Hermel thought this too hasty, and noted that the Hagglesmiths had done the same, and pointed to the floor where they were laying in a heap, tied up and knocked out as they were.
Oh well... All I can say is that it is their loss.
_____I put all my eggs in one basket because I need the other hand for high fiving. (funny high five quote status)
We started with a visit to Orchard House in Concord where Louisa May Alcott lived with her family and wrote ‘Little Women’. It was a really precious visit – snow falling lightly outside, gorgeous eccentric house, really informative tour guide (it’s one of those places you can’t visit without a guide), all kinds of snippets about the whole fascinating family. My Mum loved ‘Little Women’ and I have to confess this visit brought a wee tear to my eye here and there… in a good way though. It was really worth doing… if you like this kind of thing, of course.
2) Before Clio temporarily closes its doors for renovations in mid-January to mark its 15th anniversary, Ken Oringer celebrates his flagship restaurant’s storied history with a retrospective menu that pays homage to the exotic ingredients, cutting-edge techniques and dramatic presentations that have earned him raves from Food & Wine, Gourmet, Esquire and more since opening the doors in 1997.
By month 3, you buy another cloth diaper ($20) and realize that you don't need to buy a case of disposables this month! You do the happy dance in celebration!
This what we call acuity in sensing our environment. Be aware of the color or details of a picture, or the particular sound or smell of the thing involved. All our bodily senses are attuned to collect information depending on the circumstance at hand. While our sense of vision may be the most used in gathering information, our senses of hearing, smell, taste, and touch are equally important and helpful in remembering things, situations, and information about something or someone.
Another new controller feature is support for DBI. The following figure illustrates the problem:
Keeping this in mind, Vagina Mine can be seen in two different ways. On the one hand, the song is obviously talking about a woman who understands her sexual power and uses it to her advantage by forcing the man to serve her before he is served. This is reinforced by the Puscifer character with her strong, dominating physical stature.
I really am excited about living on my own. In a month from now I'm moving to a two bedroom that I will occupy all by myself. I just have to get through the next month living solely with the ghost that I'm pretty sure whispered my name a couple weeks ago (I'll tell that story later).
Beyond the clouds, the sky,
Arty McGoo is the alias for my creative side. My Sasha Fierce, if you will. Like a gremlin, she usually comes out in the middle of the night brandishing a paintbrush and a glassy-eyed stare. Besides being part gremlin I am a wife and mother of 3 who uses the word AWESOME way too often. To find time to create, it is often necessary to stay up all hours of the night finishing a project in those quiet, uninterrupted, dark hours of the morning.
Good morning everyone!!! First I want to thanks all of you for the kind words and prayers for my Dad....we brought him home from the hospital last Wednesday and he is doing ok. He is still very weak and needs a little assistance but he is in good spirits, eating well, and moving about...yeaaaaa!!!!
You’re getting along fairly well, both physically and mental health-wise. You’ve been dealing with horrendous dental issues that have plagued you on and off since the morning of Christmas Eve when, while innocently brushing your teeth, you felt an unholy bitch of a pain which subsequently led to an extraction, three root canals, and a series of under-the-gum scrapings. Okay, that hasn’t been the best. But otherwise, you’re back to watching what you eat, exercising fairly regularly and feeling pretty good most of the time.
The question is, what theme? With the holidays fast approaching, it can't be something requiring participants to invest gobs of time. And I've seen a growing reticence to share bits of one's works-in-progress, for all sorts of reasons.
“Alright Mom. I love you. “
Actually, not necessarily non-Beliebers, but Bieber haters. The jokes about him being ‘a girl’ and ‘being gay’ are not funny, the very idea that being female or gay can be used as an insult is disgusting. He is insanely talented, utterly adorable, richer, cuter, more popular and has a hotter girlfriend than you will ever have. Don’t hate him cos you ain’t him. Besides, the song Boyfriend really is pretty awesome and maybe in my top five most played…
So, that is the big update. I am pretty worn out and yesterday felt pretty hectic, but at the end of the day Andy said, "Our life is so fun now." I have to agree.
Now for some blog candy! May Arts sent us lots of YUMMY ribbon to share with all of you! WOOHOOO! So we’ll have 5 Prize Packages to give away this week. You have lots of ways to enter EVERY SINGLE DAY this week + one BONUS entry!
Then came Grass’s attachment as a Panzer gunner in a unit of the Waffen SS. He can remember neither shock nor horror: “I did not find the double rune on the collar repellent.” Instead he “probably viewed the Waffen SS as an elite unit that was sent into action whenever a breach in the front line had to be stopped”.
At 2-0, nobody batted an eyelid when Sam Hewitt finished a sequence of possession amongst the back four with a pass back to goalkeeper, Ryan Jones. It was just another day at the office for the stand in centre-back, with an assured and composed performance. But then something freaky happened. His back pass skipped up high off the longish grass and arced over Jones' head. Now Jones had himself a problem. He was under attack from friendly fire and there wasn't a thing he could do about it. He chased after the ball, but ended up with it caught in the net like a prime catch of mackerel. We all stood there in a state of shock. Sam Schwodler broke the silence.
foot
At the stale mate
That’s part of what I love about studying history. Much of what we do can be seen as reconstruction, the painstakingly recreation of details of a lost world – but some of it is almost the opposite. An archaeologist does not construct a dinosaur’s bones; he blows away the sand grain by grain until he can finally reveal what’s underneath. As a History Girl, I thought that’s what I’d try to do here – to peel away the layers of modern culture in an attempt to discover our real sense of Christmas underneath.
Sure enough the Asian guy was making Sushi-Balls exact the way you'll learn when you take a sushi making-cooking class.
The matrix of stories told by Hindi films has more or less remained the same. There have been some bold variations on the same theme, but no major departures. Because we are a nation of great storytellers and the stories in Hindi films are a continuity of the mythology and folklore that nourish our roots. And every time we visit a Hindi film, we tend to visit our roots again and again to refresh and enrich ourselves and to find solace and identity in them. Hence, the same stories, the same relationships, the same conflicts, the same values, the same scenes. The irony is that in spite of the predictability, the audience expects to be surprised every time. And that has always been a challenge for every writer, filmmaker and actor. How to surprise the audience while offering the same meal day after day, film after film? This is where one begins to admire the talent of actors like Dilip Kumar and Amitabh Bachchan who still manage to entertain and enthrall while working within such confinement. Hollywood is not confined by such obligations. The challenge gets worse for other, less talented actors who have to face a benchmark like Dilip Kumar. They are left with no choice but to ape him and let him burgle his way into their performances. Actors like Naseeruddin Shah did make some courageous efforts to find a new route, but while his craft was admired, the Big Burglar remained unchallenged.
1) Archduchess Marie Astrid of Austria
One large chicken cut into pieces (I always ask the butcher to cut the breasts in half)
How many times do we have to go through the same thing, listen to the same nonsense, forgive the statesmen and women of Africa for feeding their faces while, outside, the masses starve in droves? How many times can we blame the West for our woes, how long before Africa stops behaving like a wronged kid and pulls itself up by its bootstraps?
Paid 109 dollars to get the car back! REDIC
I am so excited to introduce Elevate Wellness' first guest blogger to all of you! Susan at Real Kids Eat Spinach is by and far one of my favorite food bloggers! She provides wonderful, wholesome recipes and menus that you can realistically implement into your repertoire.
But still she goes on with her campaign. Always fighting. Always available. She agreed to meet me and Gary with only half an hour’s notice. We were in Spain last week on another matter – the unsuccessful appeal of Dermot McArdle – around 200 kilometres from Calahonda in the city of Granada, at this court. But we were flying out of Malaga, which was only 30 odd minutes from Audrey, so I gave her a call to see if she would facilitate us with a quick interview. You can never tell when you make such a call: some people won’t be interested, others will be happy to talk.
Paper: Whisper White, Wisteria Wonder dsp, Blushing Bride
It seems to come easy but is that what I want to do?
Here’s a Top 10 list from the folks at Chow.com. I’m pleased and proud to say that I’ve sampled 6 of their top ten so far. I think that’s a good thing. Maybe I drink too much?
Treasury Solicitor's Department
Off to work on the scanner.
Gregory: the economy is getting better
The No Poo Movement - seriously, they call it that - is about giving up the harsh detergents and chemicals in commercially produced shampoos. If you take a day to pay attention to advertising, you'll be amazed just how many shampoo or conditioner ads you'll encounter. Not to mention the sales push when you go to the salon to get a trim. We are told a lot and often that a new product could help our flyaway, dry, oily, flaky horrible hair. The thought behind No Poo is that it's the shampoo causing all our hair troubles in the first place.
Ere departing fade from my eyes your forests of bayonets;
1.) A girl named Joan, who was perhaps four and a half feet tall with breasts nearly as big as her head. She looked like Sophia Loren dressed for soft-core porn as a prison guard due to the . . .
Add fettucine to salted boiling water and cook for 3 minutes. Add cooked fettuccine and 1/2 cup cheese to mushroom sauce in skillet. Toss over medium heat until heated, cheese melts, and sauce coats pasta. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Transfer to large bowl and serve with more cheese as desired.
“I meant the old picture,” Chris said. “I saw it somewhere.”
The front line council staff, the care home workers, the administrators, the street cleaners etc. as well as probably most of the middle managers would simply be employed by the Assembly instead of the current 22 authorities. There would be job losses among the senior management, but as these are the very people who are protecting their own, very generous, salaries and pensions by slashing the pay, conditions and jobs of their (already far lower paid) subordinates, I have pretty much no sympathy for them.
At times, thinking about doing something above and beyond the ordinary curriculum can be a daunting thought, particularly when there are many mandatory obligations on your agenda. However, when I think about "Book Buddies", I feel a great deal of excitement. Book Buddies is a program where older students pair up with younger students to complete various cross-curricular activities.
There had been some sort of heated discussions shortly after the arrow was sent through the tent, but those abruptly ended when Brulee charged forward. Crème could hear the clash of steel, but no more arrows went through the tent.
I am trying to keep up with Shai's activities...I don't seem to have any pictures of her volunteer work at the SPCA..will have to see if I can ahold of some...Shai is a leader and an organizer..she likes doing that stuff...she likes delegating duties...and she likes to keep records of an itinerary or duties or the purpose of what it is thats shes doing...I wonder what she will be when she gets out there in the world...what she will ultimately do...journalism?? teacher?? congresswoman?? PRESIDENT??
The bananas will get ripe when the bananas get ripe. I attempted to speed up the ripening process by lying the bananas out on trays and leaving them in the light. My sub told me God would make them ripe when he wanted them to be ripe. While I have no doubt the God grows bananas, I feel confident that he has other more pressing things to worry about. Perhaps we should open canned pineapple.
“For beautiful eyes, look for the good in others; for beautiful lips, speak only words of kindness; and for poise, walk with the knowledge that you are never alone.” Audrey Hepburn
I got to see whales for the first time in my life. That is one item I can check off my bucket list! :^) And I got to see them on more than one occasion. But the first time was on a whale excursion with the Pacific Whale Foundation. Such a great time! Loved the whole two hours of it. Unfortunately, Gary did not. He was glad he went, but would never do it again. He got quite seasick. Poor baby! He does not do well on the water. And even in the water if he swims too long. Ocean motion is just not his thing. But it certainly is mine! The only thing that gets me out of the water is fear of sunburn, if I stay in it too long. (I do use powerful sunscreen and a protective swim-shirt, but the sunscreen eventually washes off.)
Here's what I left:
Oh and to add the fact whilst I was reading ghost stories on a ghost story application on my iPod touch, they both came up to our room, scared the life out of me (shadow of two little people in the door way whilst you are engaging on ghost stories is not funny, ok so it is a little bit!… I said a little bit!). They woke because Elinor lost Mima (her security toy), although they found it within 10 seconds of getting back in the bedroom.
Welled up. A vicious attack
Happy Mondays Step on UK
When an Oregon college student, Mohamed Osman Mohamud, thought of using a car bomb to attack a festive Christmas-tree lighting ceremony in Portland, the F.B.I. provided a van loaded with six 55-gallon drums of “inert material,” harmless blasting caps, a detonator cord and a gallon of diesel fuel to make the van smell flammable. An undercover F.B.I. agent even did the driving, with Mr. Mohamud in the passenger seat. To trigger the bomb the student punched a number into a cellphone and got no boom, only a bust.
Besides the ad, the White House is marking the first anniversary of the SEAL Team Six raid that killed bin Laden inside his compound in Abbottabad, Pakistan with a series of briefings and an NBC interview in the Situation Room designed to highlight the ‘gutsy call’ made by the President.
Belle: "We talked about this yesterday"
Jason Hills has said many things which I agree with here. The problem, as he put it in another post, really has to do with the idea of objects as ready-made, that there does not seem to be a good sense of generation or change. I think Michael Austin addressed this well in his essay in the first issue of Speculations. Though we disagree about the reach of phenomenology, the fact that there is some capacity or conatus or vitality (organic or inorganic) that is not reducibly to thought nor to strictly eliminative means seems important.
The most extreme element of the story was the sex magic. You know this is a dude’s book and this proves it. I won’t ruin it, but it’s disturbing and kinda funny at the same time.
The border punch is by Martha Stewart, saying by Stampin´Up.
My son pulls on my sleeve and whispers, “This is pretty boring, Mom.”
McKenna always snuggles with her daddy every night at bedtime or anytime she has a bad dream in the night or anytime she has growing pains that wake her up.
If you read and watched A Walk to Remember, were you disappointed? For those of you who only watched the movie, did you like the movie and what are the chances I can convince you to read the book?
You smile and laugh all the time. Your so much fun!
Thank you for the opportunity to post on your blog regarding a family project that coincidently I started on this exact day, five years ago in 2007. That year my wife and I had traveled from Maryland to Utah to spend time with three of our five grown children. I had procured tickets to General Conference that year and it was there at the Conference Center that I felt impressed to embark on a project that I first called “The Disciple”.
It was reported by ESPN that Browns' officials had assured current starting QB Colt McCoy that they would not draft a QB in the first round. Then they drafted QB Brandon Weeden in the first round. So, who is not being honest here? The source of the story? The Browns? Colt McCoy?
And every one's favorite SantaMaker....
Yes, I know someone must draw the blood, style hair, take care of the very old people, change oil in vehicles, prepare restaurant menus and all of that... and they need to be trained to do those jobs. Thus, I suppose these commercials should not make me as angry as they do... but they do. I resent the naked emotional manipulation of desperate unemployed people; the idea being communicated that this economic situation we are all in right now, can be instantly fixed, just by paying a fee to a fly-by-night school nobody ever heard of. All we need is MORE TRAINING.
In Taiwan, the focus of shifting people to cycling is not so much the private car but more the shifting of motorcyclists. The number of motorcyclists exceeds car drivers on the
Tuition fees, workfare, and now discriminatory benefit changes – why does the government encourage intergenerational warfare? Most political books are dated even by publication, but the Malik/Howker Jilted Generation argument just gets stronger by the day. This is a country where the growing numbers of young people sleeping on streets attract little or no comment, and a modest tax on the allowances of better-off pensioners triggers front pages of confected outrage.
And hooray, it's Friday! I'm really looking forward to this weekend, which should involve some more couch (and therefor blog) time than the last one. We'll be seeing some bands, going to a sort-of art opening, and having lunch with some friends. What are you up too?
The woman, identified only by her family name Cha, has repeatedly scored between 30 and 50 marks, below the pass mark of 60 out of 100.
Please remember to link directly to the blog post or gallery page where we can view/comment on your creation, and not just the generic link to your blog. Generic blog links will be disabled or deleted. You must create a new project. No backlinking please.
As parents who love their children we want them to be healthy and we often jump right from that thought to food. We are deeply invested in what they eat, how much they eat and when they eat. Perhaps we are missing out on the importance of Why they eat. Why do your kids eat what, how much and when they eat? Do your kids eat because they are hungry? Do your kids eat foods they enjoy? Do your kids eat as much or as little as feels right to them at the time? Or, do your kids eat because you have told them it is time to eat? Do your kids eat foods because you told them that they have to, or because they want to please you? Do your kids eat the amount you put on their plate because they know they have to eat it all? Do your kids eat to please you?
Book Reviews or book time to go after reviews. Rinse and repeat often.
“It is definitely showing signs of restlessness. Volcanoes can be quite beautiful but they can also be quite destructive.” - Professor Pall Einarsson, of the Univ. of Iceland
I changed that day that you left
I love sushi, pizza, pasta, granola and cannolis. But I love my life more. I want my children to have a momma who's not deformed or too in pain to play with. I don't want to die before my parents. And gosh darnit...I just want to feel good.
Burgh Heath
To determine the bees' moods, they first had to be trained to associate a stimulus with reward and then punishment. By introducing a third stimulus, the scientists could then determine whether the bees had any feeling about that third stimulus.
Right-Size-By-Looking-At-It persons' house & I would unravel every spool of thread, every bundle of rope & every dispenser of tape... just to see if I too, could measure with my eyes & mind.
for economy flights. No villa, no car, just flights.
This is where we encounter the first critical hurdle with Blurb. They do not provide ISBN’s, nor do they provide distribution—on line or brick ‘n’ mortar. Blurb simply offers their own on line bookstore and on line community to market to. I could be harsh and say Blurb simply give you a cheap and friendly version of a book design package such as ‘InDesign’ and an on line platform to display it. That would be unfair and belie the potential power of a sleeping giant. This is what we are dealing with here. How the author using this completely free service decides to properly utilise what is available—how they best use their own guile and ingenuity—sums up Blurb’s strengths and weaknesses.
Why me? Why does this happen to me?
1 gentle
learned how to whittle everything down to one carry-on. Now these have been for no more than a 4-day weekend, but I am
I for one can admit I like to do things myself. I always find it easier to grab things, jump in and get after it. I know it is being done, how it is being done and that it is done when I'm done with it. It may be right, it may be mostly right, but it is done. Problem is- who learns from that? I might, but if I am trying to teach someone something, they may not pick up on much.
o Be as lean as possible within the normal range of body weight
Sleeping here alone
Warm Grays are very warm and earth-toned, great for wooly or earthy things.
to one in seven for Lagos,
What lesson can we learn from this week’s events? Don’t underestimate the CNRDRE leaders, who have shown more political cunning than many of us initially gave them credit for. They know how to use power to achieve their aims without overplaying their hand. In light of the junta’s keen survival instincts, it will prove difficult to isolate, marginalize or weaken Sanogo and his followers in the weeks to come.
Featuring songs from many great folk artists, including Christine Collister,
We booked a hotel at the last-minute, so we had our choice between a haunted Victorian mansion or a futuristic hotel in Japantown.
4tbsp harissa (I like Belazu rose harissa)
-Central Institute for Nationalities
- this interpretation sees the ‘Great Trek’ as merely the bursting of the dam that had bottled such migrations up for over 2 generations.
-bunny drop Complete Series Premium Edition comes with a hardcover art book (full color, 28 pages) titled Rin’s First Year featuring story/character information and luscious art.
Jens: Wolfgang Hampel's Betty MacDonald and Ma and Pa Kettle biography and Betty MacDonald interviews have fans in 26 countries. I bet there will be many more fans in the future.
The land stands still in your presence,
Now my set is complete and my binder is happy. Binders are like stomachs. They're happier when full.
a fragrent, bone-dry white from Italy, then watched
An old Cherokee was teaching his grandchildren about life. He said, "A battle is raging inside me - it is a terrible right between two wolves. One wolf represents fear, anger, envy, sorrow, regret, greed, arrogance, self-pity, guilt, resentment, inferiority, lies, false pride, superiority, and ego. The other stands for joy, peace, love, hope, sharing, serenity, humility, kindness, benevolence, friendship, empathy, generosity, truth, compassion, and faith." The old man looked at the children with a firm stare. "This same fight is going on inside you, and inside every other person, too." They thought about it for a minute, and then one child asked his grandfather, "Which wolf will win?" The old Cherokee replied; "The one you feed."
Now I leave you with some pictures.
#724 - You Only Live Once (1937) - (#809 on TSPDT) Fritz Lang's second film after arriving in Hollywood, and a typically strong work of noirish Langian cinema. With obvious influences upon Nick Ray's work, this film about an ex-con in over his head and the faithful love of his life, has got to be a major influence on They Live By Night particularly. I know the Ray film is based on a novel, but certain moments do seem to be echoed in Ray's debut feature twelve years later. But of course it is Arthur Penn's Bonnie & Clyde that owes the biggest debt here, being that this film is somewhat loosely based on the hold-up duo. And of course stars Henry Fonda and Sylvia Sidney are both great in their roles. I would surely place this at number two (below Rancho Notorious but above Beyond a Reasonable Doubt) of Lang's Hollywood output.
Congrats on getting married, I LOVE YOU!
Remove from the oven and allow to rest for at least 30 mins before carving.
Dickhead
Herbert Allingham was born in 1867, the year of the Second Reform Bill. Not everyone was happy about this modest extension to the franchise. “The only thing we can do is as far as possible to remedy the evil by the most universal means of education that can be devised. I believe it will be absolutely necessary that you should prevail upon our future masters to learn their letters,” said Robert Lowe MP. The Education Act of 1870 was the vital first step towards compulsory education for all. For the remainder of the nineteenth century young people were more likely to be able to read than older people and males more likely than females. Most of the new readers who wished to continue reading after they had left school wanted fiction. They bought weekly newspapers or magazines, nothing costing more than a penny or, preferably, a halfpenny. These were Allingham’s customers from 1886 when he was 19 years old and his first serial story was published in a penny weekly paper for boys.
Again, truth be told, it took a considerable amount of will power to not eat the whole package yesterday… and I am really trying to relish it today. Hopefully I won’t eat it all this afternoon so that I can have some tomorrow too. Anyway, the crackers featured are stoneground wheat crackers from Whole Foods. It’s the bite-sized, store brand ones. Also delish.
My sweet son celebrated his 10th birthday last weekend. Since it's so close to Independence Day, we went with a Stars & Stripes theme, using red, white and blue. After a few hours at a trampoline park, he and his friends came back to our house for a Pool Party.
In a Fee-For Service Plan, also called an indemnity plan, the insurance company pays for each service you receive. Most FFS plans have a deductible that must be met before coverage kicks in which can be significant depending on the plan.
Certainly what we gathered to do was purely symbolic. But as my brother said, “It was the right thing to do.”
Oh, you like what I did there? Because this isn't just any haul...it's a Halloween haul ;) Ah yes, while Halloween may seem far off to many of you, it's just around the corner for me! I absolutely love the fall season and its holidays, Thanksgiving included :) The cool crisp air, the changing leaves, the warm rich colors...I love it all. And don't even get me started on the spicy scents and delicious foods! If you know me well, you know I have a bit of an obsession with pumpkins...just a bit.
It seemed so much easier when I was a young hot (child-less) twenty something year old. Now it's just complicated. I need to find someone that wants to accept me and all of me. That includes me with my two year old daughter, stretch marks, and post-breast feeding ta-ta's. And unfortunately I'm much pickier now. In my early twenties all I wanted was a sexy guy who would down shots of patron with me. Now it's all about responsibility, stability, a good job, family man and what not**.
The only book on the world’s largest tribal court system and Navajo common law
The program is articulated into 3 sections:
Beat your plowshares into swords, and your pruning hooks into spears; let the weak say, "I am a warrior." ~Joel 3:10
Juliette's story of modelling in Paris, with two stalkers, attempted murder and "that" scene. Why does Juliette never eat? Is it just because she is trying to stay thin for her career? And is it really a good idea for her to fall for Ignace?
Some clouds did appear after an hour or so and took the edge off the day but the patches of blue sky that followed kept the temperature up.
It's all the acerbity in music, movies, and now, video games. Agenda administration allows publishers to cut costs by abbreviation concrete components, eliminating retail middle-men, and giving them added ascendancy over price. It aswell makes arcade added acceptable for the customer by accepting barter to achieve purchases from their own home. It saves time and money for both the administrator and the consumer. It sounds like a win-win situation.
With the exception of Chantal Coady who was closer to my age, all of the other speakers were amazingly much younger. Are we finally succeeding in imbedding social consciousness in our younger generations? What most of the these entrepreneurs had in common was a passion for following their vision, for placing a higher value on the societal contribution, and for placing financial gain last on their priority list. Some of these entrepreneurs have reaped amazing benefits both personal and financial proving that you do receive positive payback for doing good deeds. I admire these social entrepreneurs, for following their passion in identifying a problem and finding a solution all with the goal of bettering our planet.
You don't know what became.
average person in U.S. and Western Europe uses car just for 8%.
Chadwick is a Second World War Veteran who has a lot of trouble accepting the changes of the late 1960s, particularly since he has a teenage daughter who is prone to going off the rails. The investigation rubs his nose in a whole lot of things he’d really rather not know.
the bottom half of my right leg starting to go numb because of the way I am sitting
Here is the link that lists all groups that George Soros funds.
We all got in line and climbed up the tower but as we got to the top, everyone else decided, after seeing how one had to contort oneself, to skip kissing the stone except for me. I told Sherri, there’s no way that I’m not going to at least try something that my mother did. I also wasn’t going to skip it after standing in that line, climbing up that tower for over an hour.
The Pre-Kindergarten class (children coming to school on M/W/F) will be Wednesday, September 2nd at 6:30
When Murrow saw the cat carrier, she bolted under the sofa
Hope your week is going swimmingly!
Michael Hart is the man behind the blog
The man and woman remain in hospital.
The problem is magnified Arkham City, because in order to not repeat the pacing of the first game, the player is forced to do battle with foes armed to the teeth before even hitting the halfway mark. This throws a major wrench into the sequel’s balance. Why? Simply put, you’re not as threatened. You learn to deal with “gunners” much sooner with your fists, and as such, the need for the stealth mechanic evaporates. And while you can argue the designers did try to add some other wrinkles to keep you in the shadows, they don’t work as well. Take hostages as an example: many sequences have the enemies taking hostages, warning that if you come close they’ll shoot. However, they’re not an effective threat because you can punch out every enemy in the room, and as long as you just creep up on the guy holding the innocent, you’ll be okay. In addition, while one could argue that you can approach many of the open-world aspects in a stealthy manner, the pre-scripted levels/indoor sequences very much emphasize combat over stealth, which would make it a deliberate design decision to diminish it.
After suffering a worrying amount of shoulder and upper back pain after the 55 mile weekend spin-fest (18/42′ll do that to you if you hang w. Roadies) I have exhausted the Internet cures and have decided that a real human expert doing a proper bike fit is best.
E is for everyone who never doubts his skill
(That’s me driving over a speed-breaker.)
governments with the North-
Benjamin said nothing; the moonlight quivered in his eyes as they filled with tears. He turned his head away. “I don’t know.” His voice shook.
My hubby has dutifully gone gluten-free and grain-free for me (at least in our home), but I know he misses his bread with dinner. And so do I for that matter, even three years later. I came up with this biscuit recipe a couple of months ago as a way to have an on-the-go snack I could take with me when running errands on the weekends, and luckily my husband loves it! I make a batch almost every week, but they never last more than a few days. So here you go–a gluten-free, grain-free, protein-rich biscuit that will fill you up and satisfy your carb cravings. And the butternut squash adds a hint of sweetness and a dose of good nutrients as well, including Vitamin E, Thiamin, Niacin, Vitamin B6, Folate, Calcium and Magnesium, and a very good source of Vitamin A, Vitamin C, Potassium and Manganese.
The only discomfort came when lunch was served. It was some kind of fish, which is something I got completely turned off to in Iceland. There,everything was fish, even beef had a fishy taste, and when the wind blew in a certain direction, it brought with it a generous whiff from the edge of town, where racks of fish were hung out to dry. So, I probably had not eaten fish in twenty years, but this was one time when I felt that I had to. However, I could only go so far, so I pushed the skin to the edge of my plate—discreetly, I thought—but it did not escape Miles' attention.
Proud that I’m more than half way there. I think I need more variety.
“Things have gone to rack and ruin…”
I really do honestly think that overseas Malaysians are not asking for much. All we want to do is exercise our right as Malaysian citizens to vote in our country’s elections. I cannot understand why this cannot be implemented in time for our next election, especially when the Election Commission clearly has a procedure to allow overseas Malaysians to vote: why, for the upcoming elections, can we not simply extend the existing voting procedure for overseas students, military personnel and diplomatic staff (and their families!) and open it to all overseas Malaysians who are already registered to vote?
Also from a Grand Rapids press report: The Westboro creeps “didn’t show as threatened, but members of a group promoting tolerance came just in case with intentions of shielding the funeral from members of the Kansas-based hate group.”
3. Focus: RB – “Whatever you sell, first identify your market.”
Egg- 1 small
It's rare that we get really fresh Tanigue in Metro Manila. Here, fresh catch is delivered to restaurants. I ordered Kinilaw na Tanigue (Spanish Mackerel) for appetizer to complement the Mangga with Bagoong. And it was the right choice--the fish was succulent and sweet. Raw chunks of Tanigue relished in onions, ginger, coconut cream, and vinegar, topped with salted egg. It was mildly spiced with green chili peppers.
And that is the current condition of the sunroom with less than 5 days to go! Let's hope I can pull everything else off by Saturday!
It is in this context that we look at the latest Reuters report. This has it that Merkel, the Italian prime minister Mario Monti and Papademos "are optimistic that an agreement can be reached on Greece at Monday's Eurogroup meeting". The source here is Monti's office, in a statement issued after the three leaders held a conference call earlier today.
How to Shop For Designer Watches That Cost Over ,000
My dream man has a job, takes care of me and loves me unconditionally. He isn’t a CEO. He doesn’t drive a BMW. And he certainly doesn’t spend $5,000 on a wedding ring for me. My Prince Charming knows everything about me, sometimes knows me better than I know myself and he will always be there for me. Through hell and back we will never stop loving each other and we will forever be madly, deeply in love – a love that makes everyone envious of us.
Buy 1 case of disposables ($42), buy 2 cloth diapers ($40) and one container of cloth diaper friendly detergent ($11). So that's $51 more than you would normally spend. That is your investment - a one time cost that is above and beyond your normal diaper budget. This is the ONLY time in the six months that you will spend more than you usually do.
We've all heard, by now, of the research that gives strong credence to the idea that a component of the wine may help lower blood pressure and cholesterol, thus improving heart health.
It's a little blurry, but you get the idea. Nothing better than a bigger-than-life sized Captain Jack Sparrow! Besides reading books about them, I'm also really into pirated-themed music. I especially love pirate rock. One of my favorite bands is called Pirate Jenny. They're don't perform or make albums anymore, but if you check iTunes, you'll see they have some awesome songs. They later formed a children's pirate band called Captain Bogg & Salty. I have all their music as well. I don't think they're active right now because they recently signed on with Disney and now do the music for Jake and the Neverland Pirates. I couldn't be happier for these guys to have made it big like that, but I have to admit, I still love their old stuff a lot.
In the 1950’s and 60’s that mindset changed. “Today he says – ‘Yes, fine. This is what we wanted.’ Then he reaches over and rips it out of your sketchbook and prints it, charcoal smudges and all. It’s a wonderful feeling.”
Level 18: Weapon ATT: +18, Accuracy: +6%, Proc Rate: 54%, Deals 214% damage 2 times.
available on the Investor Relations section of the Company’s website at www.ShopNBC.com/IR.
The inner bark of birch can be ingested safely.
This is a nice examle of the things you can find by doing a little research. The table is an original made for me, to my needed dimensions and for way less than stores wanted for something similar. Way. Less.
I’ve had some interesting comments following the new life of Inspiration Unplugged. Mostly from people who had no idea I was a writer (or blogger, take your pick). I’ve had positive feedback, and that’s kind of nice for someone who never really told anyone about her ‘hobby’. But then I wonder why I’ve never told anybody about something I’ve done all my life? I’ve always been writing, in fact I think I have some sort of obsession with the formation of words. I’m weird, but mind you, so is every other writer out there.
Thus the poetry runs more or less up to the present day, giving some indication of the directions that Irish poetry has most recently turned in. Where Irish poetry is moving towards is a hugely arguable subject. It is certainly more diverse and diffuse in its concerns, than back in the day when Austin Clarke and Patrick Kavanagh were seizing Yeats’ and Joyce’s legacy by the scruff of the neck and shaking it to suit their changing world. There has been a huge growth in the number of Creative Writing programmes available in both a university context and as leisure classes. The continued support of Irish journals like The Stinging Fly, Poetry Ireland, Crannóg, Southword, The Yellow Nib and The SHOp, as well as smaller ones like Revival and Boyne Berries etc., ensures that there are plenty of outlets for emerging and established generation of writers, and venues where poetry can be heard all over Ireland seem to grow by the week.
He dropped a few names, but in his defense there were like 60 some odd little pieces of paper to pick out of...
"I have to tell you that over the course of several years as I have talked to friends and family and neighbors when I think about members of my own staff who are in incredibly committed monogamous relationships, same-sex relationships, who are raising kids together, when I think about those soldiers or airmen or marines or sailors who are out there fighting on my behalf and yet feel constrained, even now that Don't Ask Don't Tell is gone, because they are not able to commit themselves in a marriage, at a certain point I’ve just concluded that for me personally it is important for me to go ahead and affirm that I think same sex couples should be able to get married,” Obama told Roberts, in an interview to appear on ABC’s “Good Morning America” Thursday. Excerpts of the interview will air tonight on ABC’s “World News with Diane Sawyer.”
*****“Hello, thank you very much for your participation in our scholarship program. We had great response with a number of amazing submissions. The judging was very difficult due to the number of submissions and the level of photography. Though you were not selected for the scholarship you had applied for, you have been chosen with select others for the Honorable Mention scholarship.”*****
In the search bar, put Wilderness Survival Forums. I just did that and got 348,000 results! Many are duplicates, but there are many that I could check out if that was what I was looking for.
Perhaps I am overstating this, as there are lots of good things here for all kinds of people to enjoy: a satisfying, understatedly clever plot, good art direction, and there are some brilliantly orchestrated sequences – the voodoo swordfight being a particular standout. Most of the acting is, shall we say, not especially nuanced, but none the worse for that, with only a few performances that really make you grimance – Robert de Niro takes an axe to his own reputation once again with a deeply peculiar turn as a gay transvestite pirate (another weird tonal choice), Ricky Gervais is, well, Ricky Gervais, as usual, and, above all…
Woe betide anyone who wants to start something with you now — especially if it even remotely resembles a verbal battle. Each and every word you utter will be precise, meticulous and pretty darned intimidating.
With so many recipes to create with my new little red potatoes, I could easily make a sensational mashed potato side dish. Roasting these little ones would bring out their sweet, hearty flavor enhancing their goodness with olive oil, salt and pepper enabling the potatoes to brown and develop a crispy outside surface.
Like many great soundtrack albums, the music holds it own without people even thinking about the film.
Bitterness - 35 EBU
I dream of your job with Vogue.
"Not interested," they would say, and walk away.
Hopefully this will be the wake-up call us dog owners need. Maybe we should start paying a little more for our dog to have a healthy diet.
What is currently on your I-Pod?
Beat together butter, milk, sugar and salt.
We got a call a couple weeks ago asking for a payment of $500 for services that had been provided in the name of Grapevine Art Glass. They played a recording for Tammy of her agreeing to a series of questions about the contract she had supposedly agreed to. She explained that the questions she answered were different than the questions they had paired up with her answers in the recording. She handed the phone to me and they explained that if we didn't pay they would be turning our account over to a collection agency. I asked the guy if times were so difficult that he couldn't find an honest way to make a living. He hung up on me.
All this makes me out to be a stereotypical old Biffy fan that can't get over the fact they changed their sound and those that think that are right. However, I wouldn't want to be anything else. I'm going to don my headphones and play some Hero Management, who's with me?
“What an idea!” my overly practical mother said flatly.
This, in the nicest possible way, is utter nonsense.
The second part of their reasons to not vote for Romney is that he will make our military second to none. Oh, how terrible. When did libertarianism become the philosophy of cowards and complicity in tyranny via our isolation.
On top that, the glorious art direction literally seeps gaudiness, as every frame is saturated in a garish shellac that invigorates the eyes and threatens the bowels. The costumes, especially the ones worn by the female characters, induce seizures through their overt chromatic splendour. (The shade of green used for the nurse get-ups was quite pleasing.) And the plot involving a Lawrence Welk-style television station called Denton, where celebrities are made overnight, was eerily similar to today's instant stardom/reality television universe.
The ladies over at CDAC (Center for Digital Art Center) have posted a Digi Freebie challenge and there are lots of great free digital stamps up for grabs from a variety of artists. I chose to use an image from a different challenge there which was to use two different prints/patterns in your card design and it included this free cute cupcake image!
If on the other hand you’re only having immediate family and your closest friends explain to your parents that the style of wedding you and your fiance want won’t accommodate more people and maybe when you return from your honeymoon there can be a post-wedding reception: a brunch, cocktail party or formal dinner.
Anyway, we did find it after turning right on Powers Ferry from Windy Hill, then going until it dead-ended into Akers Mill, and taking a right. Once we turned right, the restaurant was immediately on the left.
26-09-04, Parentage: 'Hansa' X "Magseed". Appearance-wise this is a completely unremarkable hybrid, but I value what it represents genetically. The pollen parent was given to me by it's creator Ralph Moore years ago; a cross of 'Anytime' and 'Rugosa Magnifica'. By crossing it back to an older "purebred" Rugosa I hoped to regain some of the Rugosa strength, character and, hopefully, health while infusing some of the modern miniature traits like generosity of bloom.
So, home and employed in under three weeks! As the saying goes: I'm not a nag, I'm a motivational speaker! (I might also have bribed her with the promise to buy her this dress. I’m just sayin’.)
Where the reflection is the talent.
Today, I thought it was the perfect time to explain my lack of posts these past couple of months and share some magical news with you all. As you could probably read from the illustration caption above, A. and I are expecting our first little bebe this August! Yay! It's been 5 months so far and we've been enjoying every minute of this pregnancy ride, even those first 3 months when I felt, well, bad. very bad. But extremely happy at the same time. We can't wait to meet the little one this summer, as we both have been waiting for this very moment for a long time and feel so lucky to experience it. In addition to our new bebe on the way, we're also preparing for a BIG move to a new city at the end of April. It's gotten pretty interesting lately, busy prepping for some big life adventures ahead......................
Meaning and decoding and listening are in this way interrelated. Of course this kind of thing doesn't go on in all homes. However, because it does, that is why some children are learning to read by other methods, other than synthetic phonics, or in addition to, or, alongside, or as part of that process. To ignore this or to pretend it isn't happening or indeed as the Woman's Hour Head (as I'm calling him) is suggesting should happen, is in essence to declare war on the use of picture books with young children.
The good thing to note is, that most home buyers that are out home shopping during the Christmas season are usually the most serious. So with any luck, your simple and classic Christmas home decorating style will be the icing on the Christmas cake.
Chris is a Visiting Lecturer at INLOGOV interested in the politics of local government; local elections, electoral reform and other electoral behaviour; party politics; political leadership and management; member-officer relations; central-local relations; use of consumer and opinion research in local government; the modernisation agenda and the implementation of executive local government.
The boys decided to check out the shark at the front of the store.
It is also worth mentioning, because I am certain someone has wondered, “Well what if I just don’t mention the asset I became entitled too within 180 days?” (as if anyone thinks that way). There is a duty created by Federal Rule of Bankruptcy Procedure 1007(1) to update your schedules (where assets and other stuff is reported) if your circumstances change. Failure to do so could have worse results than just losing a few assets.
AGAIN, lol!
NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell is known for forcing his will on the league to implement an increase in the security and purity of the game; he has done everything from throwing fines and suspensions at players who go against his rules that try and make the game safer to where we are now with the Bountygate fiasco and how he is severely punishing the New Orleans Saints. As I am typing this blog, Goodell sent a memo Thursday to all 32 teams threatening “significant discipline” to anyone caught leaking confidential information gathered on draft prospects to the public. I guess better late than never.
HFAA (Historical Fiction Addicts, Anonymous)
Have any tips for where to go, see, eat, etc. in New Orleans for our next visit? Please leave a comment ... we're heading back in early February and would love some fun insider tips! :o)
Kudos to Jamie Oliver for dreaming up this wacky salad. And a million thanks to Melinda Creamer, her daughters MeLisa and Michaela, and all the church ladies who catered our wedding a week shy of five years ago, including this recipe.
His fellow hostages of the same misfortune duly took their moment, registered their wish, and exhaled a laboured breath from bodies broken.
I also never imagined how exhausting it would be to add ten hours of work related activity into my day.
Despite the promising début of today, and the fact that the weekend is only a few short hours from now, a surprise awaited me. A smelly surprise.
He talks about the ups and downs to writing a blog. The obsession we get about things being perfect before we post something. Here are some of my favorite quotes from the book:
The growing trend comes as the police service faces cuts of up to 20 per cent over the next four years with thousands of officers likely to be lost.
Hope you like this mini. I am really quite happy with it. Leave me a comment and let me know your Vegas story. Thanks for looking!
Goes down on my cock extremely slowly
Here are a few of my favorite ways to wear Chambray right now:
RoGo and Len know about Internationalisation seminars (hopefully recorded)
Good afternoon everyone, hope you are well :-)
The other day, I was on my office phone working a transportation deal that involved some intensive juggling, car swapping, backtracking, and a number of teenagers. When I finished wrangling, I hung up and let out a heartfelt "Phew!" Then I commented to my officemate that having two teenagers is sometimes rather complicated. She said she imagined so, then I added, "But it's more fun that I thought it would be!" Even without knowing my history, this comment surprised her. She, like so many of us, has bought into our cultural animosity toward the breed: Teenagers are dangerous and scary.
“There shall not be found among you…a medium or a spiritist or one who calls up the dead. For whoever does these things is detestable to the Lord.” (Deuteronomy 18:10, 11, 12)
Be sure to investigate your competitors’ SEO campaigns. Seeing what techniques your competitors are utilizing to go to the top search results pages will let you rank your personal website. Study on their success, then change and expand on the SEO methods they can be using and utilize them all on your own website.
Until I realised that I hadn’t stopped to think about what a significant thing it was, to be sectioned. I mean, that’s huge. What I needed was a moment to recover. To recognise what I’ve been through. But as per usual, I ignored that and tried to plough on. A fresh start. Get a new job. Move on. So, endless job searching and applications to wade through. Right? Wrong.
The phone rings……..
kids got to them, but he was just running around
Let me finish by saying that I, Negatron am NOT a bandwagon fan! I’ve been a fan since 2000. Back when they had Lamar Odom, Darius Miles, Quinten Richardson, Olowakandi, Correy Maggette, and Eric Piatkowski. Oh and let’s not forget that back stabber Elton Brand.
So how do my shopping habits connect with that?
Now sprinkle with salt, drizzle with oil, crack a bit of black pepper and that's it.
So what does daphnomancy have to do with anything? Well, it semi-relates to my blog in that my name, Laura, is derived from laurel (which means victory. Yay for a cool name). I was curious about daphnomancy because I know that many cultures place significance on burning leaves -- either to symbolically connect with the divine, or to inhale the hallucinogenic smoke and have visions. Even in the Catholic Church, people use burning incense and other fragrances to the same basic effect (without the divination aspect). Also, pyromancy is just cool. Laura likes fire.
Till then let’s all be happy for “o Nas Nas, what’s his name”.
Well it's the first of October & Stampin' Up! have an awesome promotion to anyone hosting a $500 workshop or more this month the opportunity to earn the Simply Stocking stamp set & matching builder punch for FREE. Contact me if you'd like to know more.
But anywhere could also be a bright space of sunshine and laughter. If I run, I would miss all of that. The moment would be lost, possibly never to come again. And that would be just plain sad. It might hold a lesson I have been seeking to learn for years, and my fears would cheat me of that opportunity. That would leave me ignorant, blank, once again, just like this sheet of paper. What exactly is this sheet of paper trying to tell me?
staple nail gun
1. Queen of Hearts
4. Stir evenly, add water. Cook to boil and until the spices and the ingredients are well absorbed.
Eventually he said, “I think we need to let this conversation go now. I’m going to try and get some sleep.” And that was that.
Who actually lives like that? It seems to make so much sense that our lives should be balanced in that way. But what do our lives actually look like? I definitely do not have eight hours of recreation in a day. It would take so much conscious effort, discipline and assertiveness to actually enforce the eight hour day movement. Is it even possible in today’s day and age?
Well after an amazing release of our first sketch we would like to say thank you to everyone whom supported us the number of entries is truly amazing.
This is the friendly greeting you receive everywhere in Sri Lanka. Lalith Guy Paranavitana, owner of Empire Tea Services is offering his wonderful Tea Tour of Sri Lanka again this coming January.
MASALA BREAD
In light and in darkness wear the crown of glory with pride.
You can join this free distant energy healing session by using your intention to be included. If you wish to join, just close your eyes for a minute when you read this and mentally say that you intend to join the session and want to be included. That is all you have to do to connect with the energy and you don't have to do anything else. Healing energy can begin to flow to you once you do this as many people who have done this before have reported. I'll be doing unscheduled energy adjustments leading up to the Feb.3 main session and you can receive a lot of healing energy before the main session on Wed. Feb. 3.
While declining to comment on ASIO operations, the spokesperson said the agency’s ”responsibility regarding protest activity is limited to activity that is, or has the potential to be, violent for the purposes of achieving a political objective”.
best customers? The job of measuring and improving customer touch points is
but you do it while looking in the mirror.
It could be a girl, too, but that seems too unbelievable.
Bonnie and her two children also live here in town. Occasionally she has to work on Saturdays for a while and Trayden and Ansleigh get to come over and spend some time with Mimi and Papa Ed. They will arrive early in the morning, before the sun is peeping over the horizon, and snuggle back into bed with me until Papa Ed cracks out the griddle and pretends he is the cook at IHOP.
Hey There!
Lee Anne loves to pair contrasting pieces such as masculine leathers and with feminine silks. “ I am big on mixing different textures”. she admits. Here is a perfect example of her style.
Music simply doesn't get much (if any) better than this. It's absolutely astonishing, incredible, beautiful, and puzzlingly awesome! The different elements in the music seem to function like organs, each serving a certain purpose and helping to create a living thing. Like Frankenstein's, the organs here may come from many different places, but when configured correctly, anything is possible. In this case, the organs are configured perfectly, and what results is evolutionarily far superior than anything previously known. When listening to this album, my mind is wholly consumed by it's beauty and mysterious power. If there is anything like a The Velvet Underground & Nico for 2004, this is it. - Matthew Foster
Still I didn’t think it was such a big deal. I thought she’d stumble and pray but she’d pray and I’d have my… silly little token.
“Self sufficiency appears to be a worthy goal, but it’s now impossible if you want to actually get anything done.
This book is about an American girl called Joanna, whose parents spilt up. Her mother takes her away to England and away from her father. Its here that she is enrolled in St Agathas Academy, a typically british private school. Its at the school that a production is put on and during this Joanna falls through time and back into the times of Camelot. Here she meets famous figures like Lancelot and King Arthur. Joanna is the only hope to save Camelot and needs to do so before she can return home.
Frankenstein wanted the scientist to stop being so mad.
Passing through the double main doors the visitor finds himself in the hallway which divides the house into two equal parts. To the left are folding doors leading to the drawing room and just beyond the door leading into the dining room. To the right is the door leading into the sitting room which in turn opens into the library, an apartment which is also reached from the hallway. Nearly opposite the library door is a stairway leading to the second floor. On the first landing, in full view of the hall is a stained glass window of artistic design through which the light floods in mellowed streams. The hallway is very attractively decorated. The ceiling is laid off in panels of papier mache treated in subdued colors with bronzes and gold leaf. The side walls are of richly stamped leather and the mirror and hat rack framed in antique oak. The hallway itself is finished in cherry. A chandelier of brass in Moorish design depends from the ceiling.
I’m ambivalent about the news of the “XBox Loop.” It will feature a Windows 9 processor, and the features will actually be cheaper to produce than an XBox 360. Of course, Microsoft has yet to confirm, but the console is expected to release in 2013. That’s good news for me. The money that we plunked down on our XBox 360 will still be relevant over a year from now.
Other than pro-life advocates, I don’t know when it was decided that other adults could substitute their judgment for my own – and I wasn’t to be offended because it was only a little treat, or a little juice, or a little candy. No matter the rationale, schools shutting down the treat buffet can’t be a bad thing. By the time my child gets to school, I hope to be free of others’ judgment at least when it comes to food. Let’s extend that to all fronts and keep food-based celebrations at home where they belong. And for the state officials inspecting food lunch? God save us all if this is the best thing we can think to do with dwindling school budgets’ time and money.
longer obtains due to the
Now I'm not hip with the Seam trading circles (heh! Is there even one?) so I have no idea if this gig saw circulation or not. If it did, I certainly never had it. Well, I only have two other Seam live sets, one of which I recorded myself and eventually we will get to it here.
E ven when the times are hard
S. Siblings: Older brother-35, sister-33, sister-28, and my twin brother 26
I hope you can set aside some time to play along with our VCM blog hop, and use some of those items you've been hoarding to make cards for our heroes. Just add your creation to the linky tool below so we can all enjoy your cards too! Be sure to check back to the Stars and Stamps blog at 4PM for the next challenge.
5. Remember mommy loves you, but not the stuff that flies out the top end of you, usually in the wee hours of the morning.
I believe in you
Look into my eyes
NAMA is selling an average of €750m of property a month EVERY month by reference to the original par values of the relevant loans. It is thanks to sources like Tommy Barker at the Irish Examiner today that we get to hear of a fraction of what is being disposed of on our behalf. There is an attempt on here to track all NAMA sales, but it too is likely to be just the tip of the iceberg.
We laughed.
I also have tricky fingers and want to pick all of them, so I have to walk by quickly, for fear of snatching them all to myself.
In colored arcs across the sky
There seems to be a rise in home births lately, and it's been on my mind a lot. I have a lot of dear friends and family that have chosen this option. I won't lie, it stresses me out every time. Most of them know I am concerned about the risks, and I usually choose to express myself once, consider them informed and then hope and pray that things go well.
Sean, I love you so much.
Date:
Now i cry alone,
All together, the phenomena and attitudes described above, and more, constitute the jewish narrative, which is now the dominant narrative in Western society. The pervasiveness of the jewish narrative is a consequence of jewish influence in media, culture, and politics. This is in turn a consequence of jewish wealth and activism.
Seriously, it’s a detective novel, told by a dog. By. A. Dog. It’s also great.
No 2 - Guisados (they were prob too new to make it last year) but they change tacos weekly, they give you free soup, they make their own tortillas as you order, and they charm the pants off of you. Jonathan Gold is a fan of their super hot chile toreado taco which I recently tried. It's a mix of 4 chiles (habanero, serrano, jalapeno and red thai) with grilled onions and beans. That's it. Stellar.
I did get to have some fun of my own yesterday. Ella (3) came over to play at our house yesterday. She rode home with us from the spaghetti dinner because she'd had enough of that place. We watched "Dinosaur," jumped on the mini-trampoline, folded a load of laundry, played on Boohbah.com, colored Boohbah pictures, explored the stuffed animal closet (Chloe acted as escort for that one, because my allergies can't stand to go in there -- I am sneezing just thinking about it), and picked a little bouquet of flowers for Ella's mommy. It was a lovely afternoon, and then she went home! Perfect! :-)
Be luminous.
In Spanish, the word for convertible is "Descapotable" (Des-cap-oh-tah-blay) such a sexy word, conjuring Hemingway, bullfights and love in the afternoon. As I downshift into the tight curves of our American Riviera in Big Sur, coiffure-protecting scarf in place, I remember Grace Kelly in To Catch a Thief (and try not to think about her demise). With Kipling riding shotgun, my needs are wonderfully clear: the car I've waited 30 years to drive, with my dog as my co-pilot. There is therapy in the simple pleasures, after all.
The film ended. It wasn’t the sort where you waited to see who did the music. It was one to run from into the night, whatever the night might bring you.
electric equipment. Steve Hackett and Mike Rutherford’s amps are so well hidden that
as much lemon or lime juice as you think is necessary
What I loved: The timeless tale of family, framed by magic.
At the cars launch the RB8 features a simple Version1 exhaust set up, aimed at being a benign solution to get the bulk of testing out of the way, without interference from complex exhaust issues. Then later in testing the focus could switch to the greater potential performance offered by the V2 set up. The V1 set up placed the exhaust in board and rearward, blowing under the top rear wishbone. The exhaust flux blew along the tail of the bodywork and under the beam wing. Despite suggestions at the time that this set up was a novel exhaust blown suspension set up; the solution was never intended for race use.
Before you clear out your old expat paperwork, send it to the Expat Archive Centre
Cupcakes have become very popular over the past five years as the wedding cake alterative of choice, but you can also serve pies, cookies, donuts or another dessert favorite at the end of the night.
Around the same time we became the last studio to draw the London Underground map by hand. Trevor is the man responsible for putting the bend in the Central Line in a major, time-consuming and somewhat traumatic re-design of the map. Yet a mere year after that redesign, the tube map had been digitised and from then on could be continuously modified and updated. (Which is a poetic irony given that Beck’s inspiration for the original was a circuit board diagram).
Moving with steady motion, swaying to and fro to the right and left,
Mexican Chocolate Popcorn Balls
So it caught my eye that Amanda Burden, currently Director of the New York City Department of City Planning and City Planning Commissioner Chairman, had apparently been concerned about “superblocking” in Battery Park City. Ms. Burden has intimate familiarity with Battery Park City as she was previously Battery Park City’s Vice President for Planning and Design in which capacity she oversaw the design of BPC’s open spaces.
As I noted earlier, this is the basic manner in which I have gator hunted. And I will confess, I've never personally dealt with a true dinosaur. How each captain or guide or hunter performs is dependent on their experience, and I welcome any advice should one want to share it. Gator hunting, for us, has been a team sport and very enjoyable as long as everyone is on the same page.
11.22.63; Stephen King (Hodder & Stoughton)
47. When your teenage daughter is upset, learning when to engage and when to back off will add years to YOUR life. If you succeed in doing this, tell me how.
When Pineda-Moreno was arrested and charged, one piece of evidence was the GPS data, including the longitude and latitude of where the Jeep was driven, and how long it stayed. Prosecutors asserted the Jeep had been driven several times to remote rural locations where agents discovered marijuana being grown, court documents show.
Which I’m not going to go into a lot of deets about. I pride myself on being an honest, open book, but some things just aren’t meant for publicizing.
These times are for “Pacific Coast” only. Adjust accordingly to your Longitude.
After what seems like a very long time, I am finally starting to slowly get mobile again. I have received some absolutely amazing cards, and would like to share them with you. The first is from Tori - sooo cute.
Astronomers have gathered the most direct evidence yet of a supermassive black hole shredding a star that wandered too close.
Slowly, I am introducing my touch, so to speak, into an already establish home. Trying not to be too overwhelming and larger than life, remaining respectful and apprehensive, yet still - having a strong desire to have my home reflect the fact that a woman has moved in.
Supporters tout Malema as a young Nelson Mandela, based on the former president's rebellion against ANC leaders in the late 1950s to push successfully for the party to take up arms against apartheid.
I thought I'd let you know I'm still sketching out drawings that highlight various parts of the story I concocted in the past month or so. What's hard to avoid is transferring them to watercolor paper and getting on with painting them. I'm much more accustomed to that process and its more immediate satisfaction. Instead, I'm continuing to develop different perspectives of the main character and her trusty companion while satisfying my need to paint by following Crow's adventures. It's always nice to have a backup plan, isn't it?
Community: Equality and Other Issues
“There’s been a fourfold increase in reported disabilities over the last 50 years,” Kahn said. “ To some extent, we think it’s absolutely real. But, in addition, we also believe there have been different (diagnostic criteria) and more reporting of these conditions.”
We housewives often in the course of our work come up to bare unwitting prospects and we exclaim, “Oh, it’s perfect drudgery!” But stay, come round this way, view your work from another standpoint. Ah, what a change! Heavens light is upon it; sacred memories arise, glad songs are heard and we trace where high art has been at work. Best of all, our work need not be likened to a ruin, but a place filled with happy human souls. Don’t have one-sided views of your work, view it all round. Have a truly high idea of your work, and you will
Though, the more Internet was invading my life, the more I was getting interested into dusty books, forgotten somewhere in an attic, exhaling musty and mothballs smells. Those books had a life of their own and seemed to take a new breath of life, once the dust blown and the cobwebs swept away.
Perhaps I can’t understand the appeal of love triangles because I’m forever cheering for the losing side. Invariably, the person who gets left out in the cold is the one I’ve decided is the soulmate of the main character and that makes me both cranky at the author for choosing the wrong one and angry at the protagonist for being short-sighted.
Pets teach us invaluable life lessons, such as, how to be happy, how to treat others well, and how to enjoy every moment. Why would anyone not want to learn to live these lessons? So, don’t forget – hug that pet!
This is my first attempt.I love the chunky look Dawn's have so I held 2 strands of double knitting yarn together and used a 5mm hook for mine. In fact for the "daddy" owl I held 3 strands together and used a 6mm hook . ....
So, in essence, I’m a major dud when it comes to reading the latest and greatest parenting literature. Funny thing is, I don’t really feel bad about this. I guess I should, but I don’t. I do really like anecdotal stories about parenthood. I loved Amy Chua’s Tiger Mother book, and one of my all-time-favorites-must-recommend-it-to-everyone-I-know is Anne Lamott’s Operating Instructions. But, I’m still open to suggestions.
So the next session, beloved Ramesh was challenged in a totally confrontational way.
I was thinking about what to write about my Emma Lily for her birthday post. The day came and went and I couldn't decide. Do I whine about the fact I had to be induced to get her here? Like get to the hospital the night before and spend the whole time strapped to machines? Nah. I'm sure plenty of women have been through the same. Maybe I'll share some of her hilarious quips. Like the time she said that her life was ruined because I gave her fresh parsley. But, then again, I've shared plenty of those on Twitter.
Today's outfit was nothing special, as I had limited time this morning and knew I was only going to be in the office for a couple of hours anyway. Poor little Georgie is, well... sick as a dog. Since I didn't feel comfortable leaving her alone for any length of time today, I just popped into work for a short time while she was out with her dog walker. She seems to be a little better now after I switched her to a bland food diet; an upset stomach is a pretty common occurrence in dogs that have a lot of access to the outdoors, but this was an uncommonly bad bout. I'll spare you the gory details, though I'll happily report that no rugs were ruined in the process.
Bent, but just a little
the goal is to have 1000 gifts
The Priest genuflects, takes the host and, holding it slightly raised above the paten or above the chalice, while facing the people, says aloud:
Of course, the big stand-out feature of the Vita is that incredible screen. It’s a real stunner, and discards with LCD tech to jump straight into bed with sexier, brighter and more efficient OLED.
To showcase how outstanding buttermilk can be, I have included a delicious lemon buttermilk ice cream recipe that I got out of the Austin American Statesman food section about a million years ago. Seriously, it was a long time ago. The combination of the tart lemon and the tangy buttermilk is divine. Lemon lovers you will not be disappointed. No mild lemon flavor in this recipe. This recipe is also for all you calorie counters (who isn't) out there because it can be made with low fat buttermilk and you won't even know it. I don't really recommend the no fat buttermilk because you need a little fat for some creamy consistency, but then again, if that is how you roll then go for it. The consistency of this recipe is somewhere between a sorbet and an ice cream and in my opinion would make great popsicles.
3/4 tsp cinnamon
Eoghan Corry
And finally today’s public sector strikes have meant business at the Welsh Assembly was cancelled because Labour and Plaid Cymru wouldn’t cross the picket line. I fully support people’s right to strike and there are legitimate grievances, but how come the Scottish, Northern Irish and UK Government’s don’t grind to a halt when the Trade Union call strikes; this is the second time its happened in Cardiff Bay this year. Because there’s more than a whiff of sticking it to the UK Government about today’s action by Labour and Plaid Cymru AM’s, added with last week’s local elections billed as referendum on the UK Government, our Assembly Members want to watch they don’t do themselves out of a job buy making themselves increasingly irrelevant by solely focusing on UK politics.
MEMORY TAPES – BICYCLE
Though its been hot I refuse to turn on the A/C this early so suppers have been something I can cook quickly or prepare without cooking. Last night was steak, roasted garlic/rosemary potatoes and a nice big salad made from fresh veggies from the garden. Off to get plants and animals ready for Flock Swap tomorrow at Tractor Supply. It may be called a Flock Swap but its more like a Farm Swap where everyone brings animals, poultry, plants, eggs, etc to sell or trade. Last month the whole side of the parking lot was full of seller/traders. Here is hoping we can sell a few goats, chickens, and lots of herb and garden plants. Have a wonderful weekend and don't forget to count those blessings!
1. What’s the one piece of music (instrumental or song) that you couldn’t live without and why? Probably Beethoven’s Ninth. I might end up going A Clockwork Orange, though, if that was the only piece I could listen to again.
Since I've been gone, our landlords have started what will be some pretty extensive work on our building in California. The first thing they're doing is having the trim painted!
Carrie Ann Inaba gushed, ”You’re so in the zone.” She also noted that his transition from funk to traditional hold was flawless.
What happened to my $2 refund you ask? I never got it. I just checked now, and I have no record of any refund being received from PTI. Will I call PTI CS for it now? I don't think so. They can keep my measly $2. It's not worth my time and energy to send them another dozen emails to have it sorted. I'll have better luck finding a $2 coin on the ground somewhere.
Seeing as this film only just came out, the chances are you haven’t seen it, so as per some of the my other movie reviews, I’ll be brief.
“Oh, yes, and it’s open 24-hours,” replies the desk clerk, adding after a pause, “So, if you ever…need anything, you know where it is now.” (Translation: when you run out of alcohol, you know where to restock). WE nod and thank her again before making our escape.
nominee in my fantasy world
The Will of the Empress is really a story of friendship. It’s about overcoming personal barriers and accepting loved ones back into our lives. All of the friends have had to battle demons in one form or another. Briar lived through a war, Tris has been ostracized due to her very rare talent, Daja’s unable to cope with the evil that her magic helped to happen, and Sandry just wants everything to be the same again.
It’s interesting to compare shows like this in Thailand to their equivalents in America.
By now, Jonah and Stiletta have gotten their canteens filled and are on her motorcycle. Jonah has explained where he is from and how he got stranded. Stiletta isn't surprised since it explains a whole lot about him. She had lost track of Hex after the battle for the water and then heard about a scar-faced guy that hijacked a conglomerate 'hovo'. Just then they are set upon by hill scum! Several men jump from the overhanging cliffs and knock Stiletta and Jonah off the bike. Both are eventually overcome by their attackers and once the hill scum finish robbing them, they decide to kill Hex and Stiletta. Jonah grabs a handful of sand, throws it into the hill scum's eyes, grabs Stiletta and jumps over the edge of the cliff. The hill scum stand atop the cliff, watching the pair slide and tumble to their death.
Now start on the tangelo glaze.
I will note that it is, at times, melancholy, but very introspective.
Format: AC-3
1330g Hydrated Lotus Seeds
So, this is how it will go:
Iván Meade - Lastly, you are starting to create a stunning body of work with many mediums and styles, what would you like your legacy to be?
SYLVIA- "It wasn't so bad. After I quit shaking from the cold, I began to get warm and sleepy, and finally died a peaceful death. How about you?"
One of my favourite daily rituals is sitting on a bench on the roof of my building with a cup o’ Joe, having a smoke or two, or three, and watching the skyline. I’m usually the only person on the roof so it’s a peaceful time for me. I say this with much trepidation, but I love smoking. I know it’s stupid, but it’s my truth. I wish I didn’t enjoy it as much as I do. Why do bad habits have to be so enjoyable? It’d be so much easier to quit if it was a drag (groan!).
"Recipes: African Cooking" from Time Life's "Foods of the World" Series)
for the salad:
The past few days ds1 has been taking weather measurements for his geography group. He's testing for wind-speed using a home-made anemometer, and rainfall using a home-made rain gauge (an empty lemonade bottle with bottle funnel and jelly in the bottom to make the bottom level). It's taken him two days to realise his anemometer is so stiff it wont turn even if he blows it. Or even if there is a gale. And particularly if he stands with one foot in the conservatory while sticking his arm out with the apparatus and says 'maybe I'm a bit close to the building, but it'll do'.
Previous reports have stated that he has a son from a marriage of over 10 years.
let alone a pair of feet,
I decided to quit it all and got back into hairdressing which Jon was very glad about.
I spend endless hours on the computer leaning daily from the biggest players in the business. You will find volumes of YouTube videos about everything VO, read VO blogs, visit VO sites and listen, listen, and listen till it hurts. Attend VO web-cast, seminars, and workshops till ya run out of money…LOL!
“We were clinical against Samoa and against England we did well to shut them out. Our focus will be to maintain that level of intensity and to keep the mental focus,” said coach Paul Treu.
Raise Your Glass - Pink
You can lead a horse to water, but.....how?
I like to hear from people afterwards. Please feel free to email me your experience.
On Dec. 4, head Cowboys coach Jason Garrett called a timeout with 7 seconds remaining in their game against the Arizona Cardinals. This would have been expected had the Cardinals been the team kicking the field goal. However, this was not the case. He called timeout when his own kicker, Dan Bailey, was in to kick a 52-yarder. The result is that Bailey was indeed iced and missed the field goal as the Cowboys fell by a final score 19-13 in overtime.
Gingrich: Obama caused the Afghanistan
I wonder where we will be in another 6 years?
Never mind that the "Climategate" scandal had only recently exposed how climate scientists working for the UN's Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) had conspired to quash evidence contrary to the theory of man-made global warming. Paying no attention to that, Obama began his speech to the UN Climate Summit Conference in Copenhagen with these words:
Because ultimately I'm going to be so cliche in my answer, first I'm going to tell you which ones I considered. I thought about the universe of HEX HALL by Rachel Hawkins, but only if I get to be a witch and go to the school where Sophie goes (so I guess I'd have to be a misbehaving witch.) It just seems like fun. I also considered one (or several) of the many universes in the HIS DARK MATERIALS trilogy by Philip Pullman. I want to befriend a giant armored polar bear! And meet strange creatures who don't walk but travel using wheels make of giant seeds! And have a daemon! And then I considered and almost chose the universe from the ABHORSEN trilogy by Garth Nix. It's creepy cool, with the wall that separates normal society from magical society. And all the different types of magic, and the eerie dead things that come up out into the living world and have to be banished back. Of all the things I've ever read, this trilogy has inspired me the most, so it only makes sense I'd want to live there, even if it's a little bit wild and seems to be pretty much in constant danger.
Looking back over the years I found this - this is where I started with Rayher all those years ago... And our Top Score and Enveloper are still selling really well over here!
1) Extended family units USED to be the norm before the competing ideologies ruined it on BOTH sides of left/right equation. Actually , it's YOU who are the sick being. And anyway, it's none of your business, so sod off.
But shortly after Sun had set
Mild warning: The following content is filter-free and might contain some cringe-worthy passages and a whole lot of T.M.I.
Sassafras – Say Timber
now there are days when it swells in her heart
I reached out and grabbed her from my Midwifes arms and we both started crying.
Begun by you, the Spark.
3) Set up the music studio in the basement and record some tunes. My husband has amassed a lot of equipment and recording together is something we've been talking about for years. This is the time to make it happen.
So as The Stampman stocks a number of pear stamps - singularly and groups stamps it seemed like the pear-fect challenge - groan groan. So any pear is welcome Pear the fruit or a pair of anything hope you have fun - the team certainly did - here is some inspiration to get your pear/pair juice flowing LOL.
The entire dream, multifaceted, for my whole life it feels like. There’s always potholes when getting from here to there, so may I beg you not to give up?
Day 3: Buddy Walkin'
21. Finally, defendant’s act is contrary to the highest law of humankind — the natural law — and violative of plaintiffs’ right to self-preservation and perpetuation.
Sorry it took so long to post the winner but I had some blogger issues and was waiting on some help. It has arrived!
If you or anyone you know has written a Friday Flash 55
I just received the Spiral Blossom One die and the Foliage die in the mail from 7kidscollegefund.com (one of my favorite online shopping sites), and since they are new to me, I can enter my cute box into The Friday Mashup Challenge #43. It is actually a sketch challenge, with the second option to 'use something new', or to 'mash it up' by combining both options. The sketch wasn't working for me for the box top.....sorry. (but it's a good sketch!!)
Using the same research methodology employed in political debates to track changes in agreement or disagreement with an idea or statement, the reactions of influencers in the food industry were tracked as a farmer discussed current farming methods, phrases or ideas. The Instant Response Research uncovered emotional reactions to messaging in real time.
I was talking to my eighteen-year-old cousin, who in actuality is more like a niece to my wife and I. My paternal grandfather had eight brothers and sisters, spread out over a period of almost twenty-five years. That means for a lot of second and third cousins with some huge age variances.
Bhumika Patel explains “Sita in the Ramayana: Female Empowerment Through Trial by Fire” with a mature flourish that presided throughout her entire presentation. I was almost inspired to change my major. Though she starts off with a few…technical glitches, Bhumika manages to bravely carry on her presentation, speaking from a womanist, feminist perspective about the story of the “Ramayana”, a Sanskrit epic poem which has “stuck with her over the years”. This particular story represents the ideal man and woman for many people in South Asia. Bhumika explains that she wanted us, as her audience, to understand how woman can become inspired through this entirely patriarchal story.
Publishes in US: May 22nd
6. Michael McGregor “Euphrates Dream”
The AGO's 2nd Annual Collector's Series
Today was a busy day, for at least one of us here in the Ayers house. Jenn spent the day getting our baby chicken brooder ready to receive our baby chicks. We have, hopefully, only 4 days until ship day, when we will get our baby peeps. We are both very excited. I am sure they will be super cute, and pretty darn funny. Here is a cool shot of our chicken brooder.
Credit must go to the puppeteers and effects team, as the "Baby" is weird but well-done, and the gore effects are heavy and designed for maximum gross-out effect. Take the scene where "Baby" masturbates (with his umbilical cord) to a diarrhea chugging video. Great atmospheres here, too, harkening back to the prime 70s-era of seedy urban grindhouse cinema. A fun and memorably humorous horror shocker here. (R Squared Films)
TV host: Last week, it was said on a TV show that the female religious instructors focus so much on the hymen that high-school girls are driven to engage in lesbian relations with their peers. They think it is better for them to have perverted sexual relations – even with guys – than to have their hymen torn. Do you think that your exaggerated focus on the hymen has led to girls resorting to anal sex…
I’ve got always here with me
I had my last Spanish class today. And starting today I can say "It's my last Friday night in BA."
the most important a new user-interface or UI.
We are all about CINEMA. That movie shit.
Once again Roskin is a brilliantly written character, not only does he grow up, but he faces the problems that plague his people with great calmness. Red would have been proud! Molgheon, another character who I enjoy (she’s such a bad ass, as female dwarves ought to be!), finds her place and finally finds her peace, something I was glad to read and something that made me all teary.
Roni Size & DJ Die - Music Box (Full Cycle)
I have noticed that I have a lot of new followers again. Too many to mention one by one, so may I please welcome you all collectively? I hope you'll enjoy reading my blog.
(Wan Batu’s sons all have the middle name SAM for “Saya Anak Malaysia.” The girl is named Maya, with alphabets plucked out of Malaysia.)
I have three in projects in mind that requires using a lot of scrap fabric. I'm hoping that once I get rid of most of the fabrics I will be inspire to clean and organize my sewing space. The first project is call "steps to free". It will be made using a traditional block called "Patience Corner". The second quilt will be called "Grandma's Garden". I have always wanted to use hexagon block and this will be my opportunity to do so. The last quilt will be an applique quilt done with the profile of my daughter's face. It will be called Sabrina's quilt. Check back over the next couple of weeks to check out my projects.
The system, Muslimin explains, consists of "two bricks (A and B) with four basic rules that can generate shape in one, two and three dimensional space." Further, "the bricks are decorated with a pattern that can generate various ornaments by rotating them along its vertical or horizontal axis."
In the language area, another pairing work that I recommend is with objects from the sound box and the sandpaper letters. This might require some initial assistance from an adult to assure that there are objects in the box that match several different letters. The sandpaper letters are scattered on a work rug and the objects are positioned on top of a table across the room. The child sitting at the rug points to a letter and says its phonetic sound and asks the child with the tray to fetch an object from the table that matches the sound. This work advances both children's phonetic awareness. A child may approach you and ask to be reminded what sound an object makes and that is fine. Simply answer them and let them continue with the game.
Do you think this new task force was created to aid the development of low cost natural gas, or to slow it’s development?
I’d never have gone to court, etc if I did not have solid & irrefutable proof of my claim – not ever would I have done so. However, with your basic hatred for me, it saddens me greatly that I’ll not only not ever have a relationship w/you again, but that I’ll never know the truth of how/why Vernon became my father and why I was given away. You are the only person that holds the key to that truth and I know that you’ll never tell me ..
Lisa thought she would be much better in the role because it was a play they had been through and rehearsed a year earlier in the after-school Drama club. Angelika was due to play Penelope although she didn’t go to Drama Club and never showed any interest in being involved in role plays. It wasn’t an easy role either, but Miss Smith obviously thought that Angelika would be convincing as a princess. It was of no consolation to Lisa that many of her friends did not approve of this decision either.
Neither embassy were immediately available to comment.
Presto from where they live away
It’s not just bees that are responsible for all the sexy pistil & stamen action, transferring pollen between seed plants. Birds, butterflies, even bats and mosquitoes can also do the trick, but it’s the bees that have been in trouble in recent years and sadly, there is no Bumble Viagra on the horizon. Colony Collapse Disorder has affected colonies all over the world and while exact causes of bee death are unknown, scientists’ speculations range from insect diseases to pest control and even cell phone radiation, although there have been signs of recent improvement.
It is long past time for Holder to have either resigned or been fired. And since the Justice Department seems incapable of investigating itself or the Attorney General, a special prosecutor should be named.
Encore Gotta Be Something More
Luke: " It's too tight ON MY SOLDIERS!"
The event takes place at Moffat House Hotel on Saturday 18th February, from 6pm. Tickets are a mere seven quid. I'll be there with fellow members of the new Moffat Writing Group (name yet to be decided) whose inaugural meeting is this Thursday, 7pm at the school.*
This week Julius Malema made the outrageous threat that he and his fellow hooligans in the ANC Youth League are prepared to kill to prevent Zuma coming to trial. Their only motivation for this is the length of time it has taken to bring Zuma to trial -- when Zuma's systematic blocking tactic at every level of the court system is the main reason for the delay. It does not matter how long the judicial process lasts: if he has broken the law, he must face the music.
The answer in my opinion is a resounding YES! By giving my children the best education possible I have given them the opportunity to be productive members of society and to make a difference in their world. But according to Goldstein and her ilk we should leave our children in failing public schools for the sake of society. This attitude of course makes no sense. It would be like saying since everyone can't attend medical school no one should. Never mind that those who do attend medical school and go into the medical profession serve society by using their knowledge to heal the sick.
The day in question was a toughie: a full teaching day, a mid-morning break in the company of warring tutees and a lunch break crammed with time-sapping HoD business. Lesson four (of five) with bottom-set Year 10 was just finishing and it had been a gruelling 50 minutes of vêtements.
In a passionate speech to Conference, Cllr McCusker, who was recently elected Chairman of the Sittingbourne and Sheppey Labour Party, accused the Government of being hostile to the public services and of conducting a campaign against schools and hospitals.
And that did it.The sheer honesty,cuteness and the prospects ahead which he meant to me were incentives enough.I had all the rights to be happy for once and to start all over again.The company i was going to have might just turn out to be the best bonus ever.And come to think of it,what did i have to lose ? To hell with it ! I would go for it !! ” What if i say yes ? ” I teased him.
Meanwhile, Finch is slowly rebuilding his library hideout while continuing to masquerade as an insurance salesman. His nephew Will comes to him with some more findings and an intriguing keepsake – a champagne cork wrapped in a napkin with the words “Day One. The Machine. 2/24/05” written on it. Will also has a lead, a woman named Alicia Corwin who worked for the White House and now lives in the only place in the U.S. without cell phones or wireless internet. Very strange. Strange enough that Finch does a “force pair” on Will’s cell phone.
Medellin turns 335 years old on Tuesday. Or, at least this is what the city Mayor’s office is celebrating. The territory’s history, however, can be traced further back.
Victory, though, does not come without hard work. Cinque typically trains up to four days per week, and when a major competition is approaching, she increases her training regimen to six days per week.
Isn't that silhouette stamped image just so cute and whimsical!! I love that I found a sentiment to go just perfectly with it!! Well, that is everything I have to share with you for now. I hope that you have a great rest of your Sunday! ♥♥♥
The law regulates the different branches, categories and degrees of the judicial system. It also states the rules for the mandates of different courts.
Prediction 4: It's just a matter of time before we start hearing, "Hey, we knew a sugar tax was a good idea!
So drawing larger ears and noses definitely make a character look older.
Meanwhile, prepare the stir-frying ingredients. 4 shiitake mushrooms, soften in water overnight, sliced. 2 scallions, separate the white and green part, diagonally sliced, reserve the green part for garnish. 1 big shallot or 2 small, sliced. 2 Tbsp. dried shrimps, soften in water, drain.
The day we moved in with moving vans, two children, my mother and exhaustion we were surprised by the young couple that lived next door, Kevin and Kay. They stopped over and brought us dinner. I can't for the life of me remember what it was but it was welcomed by the tired and hungry movers. That was an inkling to the kindness and friendship that began that day. They had no children then but after a few years I can remember Kay standing in the front yard with me chatting and her announcing they were to be parents. I was so excited. We had become so close with them and when they welcomed their first son on July 4 we were one of the first to visit them in the hospital. Kevin was instrumental in exposing me to the world of computers. When I didn't have a computer I was able to use theirs for school while they worked during the day. I watched their son and they watched our girls. We shared many, many a meal and holiday with them. Sadly one day they announced they were moving for work. I thought my world would crumble. The day they packed up the last of their belongings we all stood out front hugging and crying, even Kevin. I sobbed and sobbed to see my friend move. They've moved many times and added a son to their family. We have remained very close friends to this day.
Whisk eggs, cream, salt and pepper. Pour over rice mixture. Cook without stirring for 3 minutes. Add crumbled feta on top.
E: NO! Christmas! Do you know why it's my favorite Holiday?
Nicole sent the email to Andrew and got an almost instant response from Andrew.
Click the picture below to view the comic!
okay... so that's my late-but-better-than-never moving picture for this monday. for those of you who might have been waiting to participate, i apologize that it took me so long to post the link-up. i actually thought i might not get to it today. but i pulled it off at the last minute. and as always, it's open for a week... so there will be plenty of time to submit if you were planning to.
Hast gazed on the light,
If you spend your time attacking good nationalists and setting up nasty blogs to smear them with your deranged poison do not be suprised when this results in a backlash against you. Treat others as you would want them to treat you.
To my knowledge the only white suspects in any gang related killing carried out in Great Britain in either 2007 or 2008 are those charged with the death of Rhys Jones in Liverpool (If anyone knows of any others and writes to the comments section with details, I will correct this statement).
In reference to the title of this post, I'm moving up professionally in that I'm entrusted with representing my co-workers. At the same time, I'm a little frustrated that I haven't gotten the opportunity to advance clinically in the manner I'd like. They've only had one training class since I've gotten off orientation, but I really want to start taking kidney and liver transplant patients. They have special needs that vary from our standard patients, but having talked it through with experienced nurses I should be able to handle them without a problem. It's just a matter of being offered the class and checked off on the knowledge. I also would like to get checked off to run two pieces of equipment that are frequently used, CVVHD units (continuous dialysis) and balloon pumps (support heart function). There's a waiting list for the training of course and more tenured staff are ahead of me, but I'm champing at the bit for something more.
I'm here today to share with you another Sketch It video tutorial!
Hey Guys! Been awhile since my st patricks day post! I wanted to write you today and tell you about kawaii fair happening till the 28th of april. This fair is pretty much right up my alley. I LOVE super cute anything, so i was so excited to be invited to this awesome fair, i feel so grateful to sl for having interests that fit my tastes! I want to say a personal thanks to all the creators for the hardwork for kawaii fair, i love love love love what i see (did i mention i love it?) i had so much fun putting these looks together , i hope you take the time to check it out and enjoy it,
Nishikado (an ode to Toshihiro Nishikado, who invented Space Invaders in 1978!) is a real highlight of the bands live shows. Originally released on the bands debut album 'Thunderer and Excelsior', thise version is a brand new mix. And if that's not good enough, there's three new tracks on this EP... Identity, Murder Holes and Public Purse.
2) You must have entered at least one (or more if you like) of our All Hallows Eve Carnival game giveaway(s) or contest(s).
2. Brightblack Morning Light - Oppressions Each
Or, as "Miss Charming" from the Charming Zebra site says, "There was a time when everyone had either brown, orange or harvest gold appliances. They were very stylish at the time--not so much now."
Death is part of life. As I reluctantly go to the vet’s office next week to pick out an urn for my sweet little dog’s remains, I will think of him as I always have in order to safely carry his ashes home. I have to treasure his life in order to embrace his death.
Starring: Jamie Foxx, Gerald Butler, Colm Meany, Bruce McGill, and Leslie Bibb
Minister for Finance (Deputy Michael Noonan): NAMA advises me that in the case of 31 of the 188 debtors under its direct management, it has secured agreement to reverse asset transfers with an aggregate value of €160m. In another 17 cases, assets transfers have been identified and NAMA is confident that its current discussions with debtors will conclude with additional transfer reversals or the granting of charges to it over unencumbered assets. In 5 other cases to date, NAMA has initiated legal action to reverse asset transfers. NAMA also advises me that in the case of 32 of those debtors, no asset transfers to relatives appear to have taken place in the past five years.
A few days ago I posted the four snowmen fabric postcards I made for a swap. In looking through my cell phone gallery of photos just now, I noticed I had taken a shot of the background made of cut-up fabrics fused to Peltex. Since this is a cell phone picture, the colors look dingier than they actually are. You can even see the shadow me holding up the camera to take the picture!
And while the passengers were screaming in fear of certain death
* A church leader
And that was my main level tackle for this past week. Phew! I'm exhausted! Even if Hubby was the one that did all of the work, except the kitchen cleaning. But I am so happy with the results!
5) Finally, least important possibly, overall, but nevertheless, don't be "Tactical Timmy." When an instructor shows up to try and teach you something of value, there will presumably, be aspects of the information that you've read about. That's cool. In fact, it can even be helpful. You may have seen some of the information in other classes. That can be helpful too. However, if you feel the need to interrupt the instructor to tell him, or the class, the information he is getting ready to teach, it's not helpful. I can generally overlook it occasionally, but it is detrimental when the rest of the class is being distracted by the interruptions. If you think you are "testing" the instructor, you're not. Either we know our material, or we don't, and I don't know many instructors who will try and teach a class on information they don't know. If we know the material, you trying to fluster us is more obnoxious than anything. If your instructor is qualified to teach combat marksmanship, small-unit tactics, or other small-unit tactical information, he's probably not going to get real flustered by you tossing out interruptions.
Dean and I woke at 5am to go to Arches National Park on Sunday after we shot our wedding (see post below). We got to see the amazing stars shine in the black night sky and breath in some wonderful brisk air as we walked to our sunrise location.
Source- techcrunch
I have created a brief timesaving checklist that will help you decide if you are a real 60’s kind of person.
Brothels and mosques now outnumber pubs in the area. So it seems that the OBB, like many in that area, has fallen victim to post-industrial decay, changing demographics and changing drinking habits. Time and tide wait for no man.
As mobile networks have evolved, so have the phones that work on those networks. Given the complexity of spectrum allocation plans in countries around the world and the high cost of spectrum, wireless providers have been forced to acquire spectrum where it was available rather than where it was best suited to their needs. When a provider network utilized only one set of frequencies, single band phones were acceptable. Each new set of frequencies acquired by the providers required that the phones be able to operate on the new frequencies in addition to the old frequencies. Consequently, over the past fifteen years, handsets have evolved from single band through dual band and tri band phones to the quad and penta band phones of today. Some of the biggest providers in the world today are already planning for a future with 10-band and 11-band phones.
Bearing in mind what the Greek economy is doing at the minute, however, the Samaris plan is marginally more sane than the bailout terms. Real incomes in Greece dropped by a massive 25.3% during 2011, according to an annual report by the Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD) which uses data forwarded by the Greek Finance Ministry.
They’re asking everyone to stay home today, so I called-in to work. No one answered the phone.
At least 115 other countries have financial intelligence units according to the membership rolls of the Egmont Group.
I know that you know that.
God can use man in his obedience or in his disobedience.
Poor sensitive me ran away in a flood of tears. His treatment towards me was unjust and unmerited and I couldn't understand why he would abuse me in this manner. Some adults suspected that he may have had a crush on me, but who were they kidding? That couldn't be possible; he called me dumb. No one says that to me and gets away with it. But how was I going to face him when he could easily overpower me with his pinky?
I don't know yet. I believe this triggered something from our past, earlier in our marriage. But it's possible that it was something from before, from when I was a child. I just don't know yet.
As a matter of fact, it's given me the opportunity to read a book that I've been anxious to get around to, Under the Overpass by Mike Yankoski. Yesterday, while the kids were happily playing a Wii tournament with Dad, I curled up under my covers in a nice comfy chair and read the entire book. I can't remember the last time I did that.
In memory of my sister Beverley Hill, 1934 – 2010.
I don’t believe that the heart gets immune to getting shattered. There are many things a person can get used to but getting hurt is not one of them. The magnitude of the pain can differ from case to case but pain will be pain. Perhaps one can learn to control how he or she deals with the hurt or reacts to certain emotions but that’s that.
Meal plan for the entire week and write up a grocery list while texting the babysitter to schedule date night and make dinner reservations on-line
Even good ol' Anthro is jumping on this movement with these fun wall guys (although at $800 a pop, I'm pretty sure I'd go a different direction!)
That’s adventure for ya, looking through their eyes. Of course, people are different from cats. There’s not much adventure in our lives, we have the daily drag to go through, and most of the time we’re just lucky enough to avoid the more tedious people / tasks that loom around every corner. There’s some kind of routine in everything we do, and the time we’ve left to spare is filled with hobby’s and activities that help us forget the parts of life that we don’t really enjoy.
Meanwhile, fill me in on the most inane PR pitch you have every received. Or your favorite Kardashian. Sex toys, optional.
The core academic content and the standardized tests are influenced by what the colleges want only as a means to an end so my kids can pursue the career path of their choice. Truly their extra-curricular activities are things that represent their interests and passions.
The theme that Sūta will continue to present is that Kṛṣṇa is transcendental to all the effects caused within human perception.
Marxism is not a mere economic system. Rather, it is a belief in a comprehensive historical theory of the world. In other words, according to Marxism, everything that has happened in the past, is happening now and will happen in the future is part of a predetermined and unstoppable "historical process."
The premise for most of this is self-explanatory...but, in case it's not...I basically updated my Facebook status...but with a twist (pun intended): I "penned" them in the manner of what I envisioned Dickens' characters would say...if they were thrust into today's society...and doing their own Facebook updates. Hopefully you will find some of them mildly amusing...and if not...well, a solemn egad to you, sir!
Two different worlds, two different leaderships, two different visions...
On another note; I have four weeks til I am finished with school. I will most likely be absent but may appear within this time to savour my sanity.
I’d love to hear about your business challenges. Wanna start or join a conversation?
And that while I respond quickly to traffic lights or stop signs, it took me another 1/2 second to register the BE CAREFUL sign, mixed in with the many worker bees that covered the sidewalk on both sides of the road. Be Careful? What should I Be Care....oh look! Someone's on my windshield.
I planned to paint it cream again, but thought I might go a little bolder and paint it blue. The paint was left over from another project, so there was nothing to lose but time, right?
There are jobs that you may be inclined to accept that would not be a good fit for long-term or for your family, but sometimes you need something to keep the lights on and food on the table. Temp jobs can fill a void and often are good fits for working around interviews. What if the right company comes along, but the job isn’t what you wanted? I would recommend considering it anyway. Getting your foot in the door is a great way to show your skills to a company, considering many promote from within. It may be tight for a bit, but if you work hard and show a clean work ethic you never know when “that job” will be available.
Anyway, the first pillar of Islam is, as stated already, the Shahâdah, the declaration of faith, and the most obvious answer in Judaism is the Shma’ or Qriat Shma’, which is so called by the first name in the declaration, which goes “Shma’ Yisrael, A-onay Eloqenu, A-onay Ehad!”[1] It is found in Devarim (Deuteronomy) 6:4, introducing the first part of the actual Shma’, which consists of three parts, found in Devarim 6:4-9, commanding the Jew to love God of all his heart, his soul, and his heart, as well as keep the commandments in mind, teach them to his children, always talk and ponder on them, whether sitting at home or walking on the street, when he lays down in the evening and gets up in the morning, that he shall bind them as signs on his arm and between his eyes, write them on his doorposts and the city gates (the visitor in Jerusalem will see that there are cylinders at the entrances to the old city, those are what we call ‘Mezuzot,’ the words of the Torah, fulfilling this commandment).
Most organizations are struggling with the effects, threats, and promise of social media these days. Many are reaping huge benefits from social media. Others are dipping a toe in the water. And perhaps the majority are wondering why they care what some Twitterer had for lunch. (We don’t and frankly, nobody does.)
Comic-Con Episode IV: A Fan’s Hope highlights the journey of five individuals over the four days that make up the pop culture convention, Comic-Con (2010). One is the owner of a company specializing in selling comic books, two are budding comic artists hoping to break into the business, another is a young woman that creates intricate costumes with her team of friends, and the last is a young man hoping to propose to his girlfriend while attending the con. Smaller stories are weaved into the film as well, such as that of a dedicated toy collector. Inserted between the movie are mini-segments and interviews with multiple celebrities such as Stan Lee and Joss Whedon, both of whom are producers of the film.
Pros: Fast paced, exciting game play with a balanced payment system.
The Little Fir Tree stood still and straight!
· Transit 47%
I primed this batch with about three-quarters a cup of cane sugar and netted 24 22-ounce bottles (two full cases) and I'm quite happy about that! Now I have to start thinking about labels. I blogged earlier about this batch and its ingredients here.
The Great Compromise and the Drowning of Tarshish
The men who carried off Sivakumar wore name-tags printed with the word “Official”. They did not identify themselves as policemen, but there was little doubt these were plainclothes policemen. In fact, the police have no jurisdiction in any State Assembly or Parliament.
“Shut the fuck up and just kill me!”I shout at him as tears trail down my face.
My college trip, however, has me going to Ohio. To be more specific Columbus Ohio, the heaviest battle city of one of the heaviest battle sates. Ohio is predominantly made up of white working class citizens, and since the start of the year Barack Obama has visited the state four times, and Romney has just made his first stop. It is for this reason that whilst on my visit to Ohio I will touch base with Columbus HQ and help out in any way I can. I am personally bringing volunteer and voter registration cards so that I will be able to do my own campaigning wherever I am in the crucial state of Ohio!
May I have such courage to speak with gentleness and yet persistence when I face accusations of my own. The way has been paved for me. And that is a blessing.
Anyway, I have some writing to do (50,000 before the end of the month and I am struggling!) So I had better get my laptop out!
Oh and soccer starts soon for my the kids. As I am a coach, I have to work on the roster, and get ready for that and the end of the month. Coaching first graders is like wrangling cats!!!
A finer point: The performer in question may have been part of a group that debuted before 2004 and only later went solo. Also, a singer must have debuted as a vocalist by 2004 and does not qualify if they debuted as an instrumentalist in a band and only began singing lead vocals after 2004.
This weeks theme at The ABC Challenge is N for Neutral colors, how fun is that? I chose this absolutely adorable Elisabeth Bell image called Picked Sweet. I just totally fell in love with her when Whimsy Stamps came out with their most recent release. I colored her in using Copic markers. The flowers are by Wild Orchid Crafts. I distressed the paper, inked the edges using Vintage Photo distress ink and highlighted with Golden Rod Stickles. The flower and bird charm were a gift from a friend.
The pictures are also revealing when one notes the posture of the lacrosse players, who appear to be sitting around politely watching the women dance. I don't know what you see, but I am certainly can not see the leering, jeering satyrs of popular legend which press reports later sought to evoke.
I recently saw the optometrist and received a new contacts and glasses prescription. Seeing the dentist would have been a lot less stressful for me. I knew that they were probably going to blow that puff of air in my eyes and put drops in them to dilate them. Even though I wear contacts everyday, I still hate people putting things in my eyes or trying to do things to them while I stay still and try not to blink. It feels so invasive, uncomfortable, and scary.
It’s been always debated what’s the best way to travel. I say, travel the way that makes you happy and enjoy the place the most.
Do you have a gallery wall? I would LOVE to see!
Saturday night was our “Opening Reception” (photo courtesy of Troy Freund). The shop normally has a wine-tasting on the second Saturday of each month, so we already had a gathering for the show. Each of us were asked to give a little talk about out images, which I wasn't exactly thrilled about doing, but Denis said I did alright. We have an interesting assortment of subjects including a Civil War reenactment, nature shots, rainy night-time shots, barns, and Dia de los Muertos.
However, clicking through my photos I found this one. Earlier this summer I wrote about how DH and I had been to a fabulous exhibition on exquisite designer dresses and costumes. Well, the museum has a garden with an outdoor café cum summer restaurant. It was a lovely lovely day so hubbs and I decided to have ourselves a shrimp salad and a cold drink.
I thought I had my own key
Notes from the Field
To make shakes ahead, scoop ice cream into blender pitcher. Cover with lid and put into freezer until ready to use. I used cheap $2.50 WalMart brand.
hasta proxima,
This is why the image of Christ on the cross is such a powerful one.
I guess I should let her stay just… one… more… night
I used some Kaisercraft goodies that my Mum bought me for Christmas (papers, flowers, brads, printed chipboard). Shock horror - would you believe there is no stamping on this??? That is VERY unusual for me, but it's good to break out of your comfort zone every now and again eh?
Divide your dough in half and roll out two large rectangular slabs. About 15x10 in. Doesn't have to be exact. Divide the apple pie filling in half and evenly spread them over the two rectangular slabs of dough.
I'm fine, thanks. It's probably appropriate to start the interview off by letting those that don't know that Plow United is playing a reunion show in Philadelphia in mid-September. How did this all come about, and did everyone feel like it was time to get the band back together?
I used a small drill bit to place pilot holes, removed the paper, then hammered in all the nails.
So when I got pregnant at the end of July last year, I went on the hunt for the perfect dress, but couldn't find anything. After a couple weeks of hunting, I found an adorable striped maternity top at Gap, and decided to make my own. I bought two shirts (one in my regular size and one a size up), then chopped the larger one off right under the armpits, removed the side ruching, line up the stripes, and sewed the two shirts together. Voila, maternity dress! I loved it.
10. Christmas Vacation. Two weeks of fun with the kids without the possibility of upsetting anyone (hopefully).
1 pint cherry or grape tomatoes, halved or quartered
I know what you're thinking...and yes, we did just have cheesecake bars recently, but these are as different from the lemon cheesecake bars as a dog is from a cat. Both have four legs, fur and can be domesticated to varying extents. But that's where the similarity ends. And so it is with these cheesecake bars.
-No Cheers tonight.
Part of the problem is that we assume they know what they’re doing. The other part of the problem is that we hope they know what they’re doing cause we don’t have a clue. So teachers and students are banging around on the interwebs, grateful for whatever Google spits out.
This past Saturday, I headed to Indy for the day to shop with a bunch of great gals. We hit 4 Goodwill stores in the area and I found some great deals. Since we leave soon for a family vacation, I tackled the easiest of my purchases first.Well, that, and this is a super busy work week for me and I'm trying to crank out as many essays as I can write for my class.
Sinulog is both a religious and cultural activity celebrated every third Sunday of January. For this year’s Sinulog activities and other important information, I recommend you to visit www.cebudaily.com, mycebuphotoblog.wordpress.com, and of course the official Sinulog website www.sinulog.ph.
The sun is high
-done some nose job, facelift, breast augmentation etc (just look at those korean stars)
Father, In the Name of Jesus Christ I pray that You will forgive these people, these people with the idea that they can walk around in their own will and without batting an eyelash think they can call You FATHER. Please have mercy upon their souls, but I ask that You do a work in their hearts and I pray that it causes a stirring inside them that they get right with You IMMEDIATELY! I thank You Father for you STRENGTH, thank You for the EMPOWERMENT OF GRACE YOU HAVE SHARED WITH ME, I thank You for the opportunity to GO in Your mighty name, to SPEAK in Your Holy name, TEACH in Your Perfect name, taking ground for Your Kingdom. I ask that You continue to raise up labors for YOUR harvest, SOLDIERS for YOUR army and that you anoint each with Your Spirit. I ask these things knowing that I can come to the Throne of God and because of Your righteousness I can boldly ask these things knowing that they are already done. Thank You Father for your patience with me and filling me with your Holy Spirit. In the Matchless name of Jesus Christ. AMEN!
She loosed the chain, and down she lay;
You gave your children rhyming names,
I'm so discouraged, God. The mountain seems to grow, not shrink. It would be so much easier to quit.
Take David’s prayer in Psalm 51: “Against you, you only, have I sinned, and done what is evil in your sight.” David was repenting of his adultery with Bathsheba and murder of Uriah. Did he overlook the fact that he had taken Uriah’s wife? Did he forget his deceit to Uriah, his craftiness in sending Uriah to his death?
My name is Shannon... And I... Am a CarlAddict.
Well, what is it to you? What does that phrase evoke for you?
My favorite phrase today is fountain of knowledge. N., I wondered where that sucker was. Def.: Where some people drink, but the nerds only gargle.
I go into this place A LOT. A LOT! I know most of the people there and they know me and are usually VERY nice and helpful. Not on this day. When trying to return it they tell me I need a receipt. I explain my plight that I do not have one and they can't give me a store credit. I ask if they can look it up by name since I know who bought it and that I know they would come to this store. The next nearest one is 30 minutes away and on the "other side or not so nice side" of town.
My dad’s ashes were not immersed in haridwar and mom was buried so I didn’t have that connection with that place but I too performed the last rites of something which has been dead for a year now and I wasn’t letting go of the dead body due to some delusions. But sitting on the ghats and watching the ganges flow on it suddenly felt like I was meant to come there and see the reality behind all my stupid notions and it dawned on me that I was actually crying for something that only existed in my mind …
So here’s how this looks:
It was here in these early classrooms that my love for reading was first cultivated. I learned English letters quickly and found myself reading more and more at a very young age. As I mastered the ability to read at a certain grade level, I quickly moved on, finding more interesting reading material just around the corner on a different library bookshelf. I was a voracious reader at an early age, spending hours at the library perusing the hallowed book stacks. I always ended up checking out a stack of books too heavy for me to easily carry to bring home and pore over. The library was my safe haven and the only colorblind space I could engage myself with at ease.
Otherwise, as you can see, life here at the Weed house has been less than exciting. We're stilling getting into our routine, figuring out when to do what and what exactly to do. Alex has taken up fencing through the community center and LOVES it. Ethan was playing violin again, but after some trouble with the instructor, we have that on hold. Ashley is busy with dance (jazz, ballet and tap) one afternoon per week. I've just joined a gym nearby and am enjoying fitness classes again (I do love spinning!). I still it's strange that I don't have to go to the grocery store about every other day and find myself there about that many times anyway. I still think Costco is a bit extreme, but do buy our milk there. Driving is becoming less of a challenge, although I still must consolidate trips "into town". I love the sunshine, but am ready to do away with the below freezing temps.
Beaulieu is one of those places that is on everyone’s list of places to visit and there can be few adults of my generation who don’t have memories of being dragged round the car filled halls, with parents trying to engender a modicum of interest amongst their offspring (some things never change!)
Now, I haven't been on a scale since summer.... if I have a number to focus on it drives me crazy, I become obsessed with the number.
Yeah, I realize that’d make us half donkey and 100% cartoon. Don’t get bogged down in the logic.
LM: YES!!!! (partially true)
I heavily modified the recipe, especially in terms of sugar content. even then, I still find it too sweet. will have to tweak it if I try the recipe again.
YOUR MAMAS NOTES: Los Angeles-based wannabe restaurant mogul Harry Morton is not only opening an humongous Pink Taco restaurant on Tinseltown's famed Sunset Strip he's also, we've learned from a gal we'll call P.R. Puffnstuff, moving house. The last couple of years young, fortunately-born, and well-connected Mister Morton bedded down high above the Sunset Strip in the glammy residential neighborhood known as The Birds* in a gut-renovated bachelor pad he heaved on to the (open) market last week with an asking price of $4,995,000.
All the kids found a friend to hang with, to finish off break.
So of course I had to check his profile out.
Happy Samhain.
Their so loud, every neighbor can hear the yelling, the screaming. Only she listens though, carefully, for signs. She listens for key words, to what started the fight this time, or for when the words sease for a moment. She dreads hearing those moments. When the yelling stops is when someone gets hurt.
"Mid pleasures and palaces though we may roam, be it ever so humble, there's no place like home"!
Saint Arnold Christmas Ale- probably my favorite SA beer. Very rich and great on cask
Well, there you have it. So now, I redirect you to the diagnoses at the top. What’s your guess?
1 small Japanese eggplant, halved lengthwise and cut into half moons
Thank you to all my beautiful friends who also attended yesterday's reception to make it such a memorable and wonderful celebration of family, friendship and love.
With the young one by her side.
This pretty much sums me up to a tee.
Her husband was in prison, waiting out a 15-year sentence that he earned by selling methamphetamine out of his mechanic shop. Her kids were at home, missing their father.
Tonight, the four Republican candidates are here to tell us why they’re the most qualified to take on President Barack Obama. I’m Wolf Blitzer. We want to welcome our viewers in the United States and around the world. We also want to thank our co-sponsors, the Republican Party of Florida and the Hispanic Leadership Network.
"Daddy has trouble with it, too."
The delicious curry leaves rice is ready to serve now!
7. Black Night (9:50)
I want to see it come to the surface for sun to breathe alive.
between two rollers –
They were all highly intelligent people whose gentle lives are more impressive than the strident debating points of secularism.
Idiots.
Or words to that effect. But stranded in this bar
I promise I’ll finish my update on Hawaii. I’ll even post some photos.
His agenda book consisted of the following:
I’ll tell you too, that when I look in the mirror (after this wrapping comes off), I don’t just see a portrait of Bret. It’s about more than just the portrait itself.
When the cookies have completely cooled slather a bit of filling on half of the cookies. Top each slather with another cookie and enjoy!
Anyway, from that magazine also I tried to make some other pillow cases, it was all about pillow cases, but I started one that I never finished, mostly because at that time I did not have a clue on how to read crotchet or knitting patterns so I was guessing and following the pictures, and I got bored fast from that.
But it is quite possible for today's advertising practitioners to know nothing about advertising 30 years ago.
And what about the parents? Be careful about making assumptions here. Joy Court quoted a young Muslim girl from a strict background who insisted on the shortlisting of a very controversial book for the Coventry Inspiration Book Awards. Her mum apparently lets her read whatever she chooses because, "reading is safe."
Met Piney in the city at a Brasilian nite club, and drank their fruity
So, on a snowy day, I think about how far we are away from the fleamarket season (also garage sales, tag sales, etc...) - so, thought I'd share a junking trip I took this past November. My friend Robin and I had the chance to ride along with our husbands to Charlotte, NC...they were going to watch races, and we tagged along to go junking (I had been scouting out some locations, and the prospects sounded good). I was also going to meet a facebook friend as well - so it was going to be a good time!
"If you buy any more ribbon, you will have to sell some to get the money"
Anyway, gushing aside let’s get on with the book review. Physics is not one of the easiest of the hard sciences to comprehend and understandably it has not generally sold very well in the popular science category. It has become a bit of a joke that a lot of people buy A Brief History of Time but rarely get beyond the first couple of chapters. Do Cox and Forshaw succeed any better than Hawking in explaining the brain-aching complexities of physics? Is the passion there? Is this book likely to get young people going in for physics in the way that Dawkins has inspired interest in biology? Perhaps…
I’ve loved this skirt in the February BurdaStyle since I first saw it. I have a little of this silk/wool woven (from one of my favorite dresses ever!) and this used up almost all of it. The only thing left is small scraps of fabric.
How can you do that to our nation’s bravest citizens?
Corbett is full of such surprises, and delicious scares. Few wild experiences compare to the numb thrill of taking a narrow road, flanked by a gorge and a steep slope, at an hour when elephants do the traffic duty. Returning one late afternoon from Khinanauli (with special permission, due to an emergency), I was stared down by a mighty bull at 15 feet, who stood guard for what seemed an eternity while his herd climbed up from the river and walked across. No, this giant did not even mock charge, the chill his cold, composed eyes spread was enough.
I find a smile not a frown,
X-Mas Movies usually pack laughter, emotion, and a good message inside 90 minutes or so. Though a lot of holiday flicks tell similar stories, you can usually tell each of the following joints apart as soon as their opening-credit song cranks-up!
Oceans, no ebb and go.
The difference is generally in the clothes, the hair, the make-up. I take the train from Paris to the suburbs every morning and it's filled with smart, stylish Parisiens and Parisiennes - elegant, generally, in a very understated kind of way.
Alabama- You see these folks going for Willard?
“Would I have taken the Tardis keys if he’d asked?” she considers, mulling it over before chuckling. “I would go anywhere, do anything that for that man. He’s a hero. He’s an amazing writer and an extraordinary human being. So yeah of course I’d have done it. Without a second thought.”
(2) In wording of past tense as it had happened, and was confirmed and it remained as it was.
The answer hit me in the back........ like a bullet, a grenade......
As Christmas break drew closer the feeling in my gut that it would get better went away and I began feeling that the school we had loved was not the right place for us anymore. I started researching other schools in our area, both public and private. I knew that since she was mid-term it was going to be hard to find a spot that H was comfortable in and I was concerned that she had fallen behind in math.
Judd's office and lab were on the corner of building twelve, the McMillan, and somehow the walls were standing, but the roof was blown off and presumably the second floor had fallen in. He didn't have a good feeling, but Xi was positive about a signal, so Judd climbed into a open window and started poking around in what he thought was his assigned rooms. His SomCom floated over to a pile of rubble and excitedly bobbed. “Here, and here.” It zipped over to another heap. “Here here.”
I'm excited to announce my return this fall. I'm working on a lot of cool things for you guys. Keep an eye out for a site redesign and new clothes starting in September. In the mean time, I'll reopen for comissions and a sample sale next week and maybe a few new items will sneak in. ;) I'm resuming posting this week, and hopefully I'll get you all as excited for the official reopening in September as I am! Check back each day this week for more teasers and actual info, as well as one of my giant image posts filled with things I've sewn and the usual sort of stuff I post.
Not too long ago my computer, as well as various other household necessities were struck by lightning. It took nearly two weeks to replace the computer, which I hasten to add may have been the nearly the longest two weeks of my life. I think the only times two weeks have seemed longer, was just before giving birth to each of my children, but I digress.
I used Sarah's Teal Spray Ink to completely cover the Pink Paislee Mistables Paper. I sprayed some canvas with Sarah's Sunshine Yellow Ink. I sprayed the flower with Sarah's Poppy Red, Pumpkin and Sunshine Yellow Inks. The black droplets are from Sarah's Black Ink that i dropped on by unscrewing the mist bottle.
Hence they have continued with their mission of undermining our culture, indoctrinating our people and nurturing new generations of indoctrinators. However, the emphasis had changed, Western society could no longer be destroyed by soviet communism, so anti-racism, multiculturalism and immigration, tools so long used as a means of softening up the culture for its eventual take over, would now become the means of its destruction.
Please leave a link to your entry via the Linky Tools below and good luck! The challenge will close at 12 noon UK time on thursday 30th of December.
a basic circle skirt. However, the wide hem is created by inserting four godets between front, back, and side skirt pieces. So, the question was, do I go for an easy rectangle, basic circle, or hope for the best and go for the godets?
The filling was the drained fruit liqued thicken with cornflour with more cherry brandy and chopped up pitted cherries. Topped with the cut out cake whipped cream 1/2 cherry with milk chocolate drizzled over the cherry and cream.
Dr. Schmidt held up a finger, shook it at her. Still your team, he said. I just help coach, one day week. Thursday night, epee class.
Recently, I purchased and redeemed a gift certificate from Cinnaholic Gourmet Cinnamon Rolls and OMG! We are talking major deliciousness here.
(Optional): Cut a 16.5"x 13"piece of light weight fusible interfacing and iron on to the wrong side of the front cover. Serge or zig zag borders of cover for a professional finish.
1) Nature and culture are not separate, but are the same thing, or to say it differently, inextricably, constitutively linked.
PS. If you aren’t nice to her, I know where you live.
Abbreviations: FPHDC- Front post half double crochet
Today you can buy pre-pounded kava in the markets, although we still saw people pounding it themselves. Having had it both ways, the flavor is stronger and spicier (hints of cinnamon) when it’s fresh. I heard it was illegal in the US (I have not verified this) because of its narcotic properties, but I think it’s actually very mild (none of us ever really felt any narcotic effects).
Three thousand jobs had to be cut from the workforce, raising questions about the quality of care in the homes. Eventually, some of the landlords dropped their rents, some took over care homes themselves — and some have yet to come to an agreement with the company.
This is the cover of the book. I’m very happy to share it with you. The Maverick House logo isn’t on it yet but I’ll replace it when I can.
The patent itself is little-known until 1997, when The Electronic Frontier Foundation acknowledges Lamarr’s contribution to the invention of frequency (channel) hopping and gave her an honorary award – the Pioneer Award.
Judy and Sabrina got along really well and Judy was relieved that she had someone to confide in.
I'm taking a break from Shark Week to share a few photos of some of my latest projects. First, the above bunny. Yes, it's a bunny. I tried my hand at felting this afternoon. A few weeks ago, I saw Isabella Hoffman on Sewing With Nancy. She was felting with a felting machine, which actually looked like a sewing machine except without thread or a bobbin! How cool! I couldn't go out and buy one of those machines, so I bought a hand felting tool and mat. I used freezer paper to make the bunny shape on a tan colored piece of felt. I then placed the bunny shape on a piece of wool and then went to town with the felting needle tool. It was fun. I'm going to play around a bit more with Mr. Bunny and maybe even add some shading with the fabric markers. Sidenote: It seems kind of weird to be crafting with wool and felt when it is so hot outside! Oh well!
Endeavour Health, which was set up by two hedge fund advisers, claims to be Britain’s first comprehensive GP network, offering access to the best doctors and the opportunity to beat NHS queues and have appointments at any time they want. Endeavour Health was founded last year by two financial advisers, Briton Yadin Shemmer and American Jonathan Weiss, to
* Time with family and friends
Described by Kid as "a regular joint", one he's been playing on his Saturday morning radio show at that, the set designers are determined to add some class to the joint to go with the bands' suits and Elkie's swish dress, this time with a big plastic tree behind the piano player - who, for the record, looks a bit like John Lennon during the bed-in, in the same way the guitarist looks a bit like Denis Law and the drummer looks more than a bit like Kevin Godley. As before, when required the Ladybirds appear and disappear on requirement.
pure joy.
Because a mad dog only needs a bone.
till next time - enjoy the longer days!
When I saw the Sweet Nothings Collection from KaiserCraft, I immediately thought of my grandma. Since I only have a few photos of her, I thought I would put them all in a mini album.
May Day is related to the Celtic festival of Beltane and the Germanic festival of Walpurgis Night. May Day falls exactly half a year from November 1, another cross-quarter day which is also associated with various northern European pagan and the year in the Northern hemisphere, and it has traditionally been an occasion for popular and often raucous celebrations.
I'm going back to work tomorrow and I'm not looking forward to the catch up I will be playing. I finally felt like I was getting caught up from my last illness.
"Naw, if you don't like it..."
When I was looking for the location of the restaurant online to list it on my blog (my friend gave me directions on the day I went there), I stumbled upon a blog post on jakarta 100 bars which I have encountered before when I was searching for another restaurant in Jakarta. I like this blog because of the photos and personal reviews. His reviews are very helpful. This time I was quite surprised to see that the angles of the photos on jakarta 100 bars and the three of the photos I took are very similar. His photos were taken before mine, so my photos look like I copied his, but I had not seen the photos on jakarta 100 bars until after I have already taken my photos and I did not copy his angles! I swear!
Before him he sees Life unroll,
I'm afraid I haven't any makes to share with you at the moment unfortunately. I do have a card to show in the next day or so when I've had time to download the photos. However, I wanted to do this post tonight because I've been given an award from a young lady whose work I admire very much. Her name is Rachel and her blog is Critchley Creations. She an extremely talented girl and the creations on her blog are lovely so please pay her a visit. You won't be disappointed!
Something has happened to me lately where I've completely lost the energy to be enthusiastic about any given holiday.
She called out “oh my children… oh my home.” and i woke in tears recalling the millions of trees uprooted by Israel, leaving Palestinian families crippled and in poverty. Not only has Israel uprooted their lives, but has uprooted the thousand year old trees which have been the only source of livelihood for most.
More and more organizations are launching their own campaigns to stop bullying and cyber-bullying. Tanda, a pioneer in energy-based at-home beauty devices, announces its Zap Bullying campaign to raise awareness among parents and teens about this epidemic and to empower teens to feel confident and secure in their own skin. The multifaceted campaign from Tanda Zap, the powerful acne clearing technology endorsed by leading dermatologists and successfully used by thousands of users across the country, will include a partnership with the national leading anti-bullying organization STOMP Out Bullying™, a social media awareness campaign and a limited edition blue Zap device to support the cause.
Divide the batter evenly among muffin pan cups. Bake 20 to 24 minutes or until toothpick inserted into center of cupcakes comes out clean. Cool cupcakes in muffin pan on wire rack for 5 minutes. Carefully lift each cupcake from muffin pan and set on wire rack. Cool to room temperature. Frost with cream cheese frosting, below.
Nothing but an empty Deschutes bottle.
Are you ready to ink up your stamps this weekend??? How about playing along for this week Crazy4Challenges ~ C4C50 ??? Frances is feeling groovy and she is challenging us to add some *MUSIC* to our creations!!! It could be a music related stamp, designer paper, embossing folders, punches etc..... whatever you wish.
DVD of digital images
I'd venture a guess that the reason it hasn't had more media coverage is a simple one. It makes people uncomfortable. It makes you squirm in your seat. Makes you question your belief systems if you can tease out the deeper ethical questions that come from a situation like this.
08-09 Gothenburg, Sweden – Way Out West Festival
They tell me how much you love me
Funny because you may think the one that got away from me should be Bill or even Dustin, which is why at the time of writing some older posts on Jay I had a hard time thinking of anything else. Jay was always coming back in the picture trying to make up for and undo every bad thing he caused us to be. But when he was coming back it was always bad timing so I distanced myself more. Even more than that, he just wasn’t the one and I had already accepted that fact deep down but he hadn’t.
It rained like crazy last evening.We were enjoying a piping hot bowl of Cream of Tomato Soup with a couple of toasts when the rain started.Then it continued steadily through the night. Winds were howling at high velocity and just as expected the power supply shut off. We were thankful that we had alternate backup. Things went on smoothly and we waited for the power supply to resume. But at 1am when the alternate power source gave up, we knew there was some major problem. Today morning when we opened the front door, the place looked like it was hit by a tornado. Leaves, twigs, branches and all sorts of rubbish lay scattered around.
Even if things don't work out
The day of the chop is set for Friday 13th January. Yes, Friday 13th!!! I am brave, aren't I?!
Childbearing should not be delayed for convenience. After marriage young wives should be occupied in bearing and rearing children. I know of no scriptures or authorities which authorize young wives to delay their families or to go to work to put their husbands through college. Young married couples can make their way and reach their educational heights, if they are determined.
Garry Winogrand (1 gelatin silver, 1971)
6. Children Children
The hot sauce proved to be no longer made, the old man who made it long retired, and that morning would have been a complete wash were it not for this photo, the boudin at the guy's former store, and a side-journey to Mamou which resulted in yet another shot of another building, which I remember having been some kind of snack bar years and years ago, but which hasn't been anything much lately.
This winery is on crack. As you drive up the massive winding driveway, finally spotting the grandiose estate which is also a resort (only for wine club members). It's part Hansel & Gretel, part Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe and a little Leavenworth thrown in. Confused? So were we.
I suppose that is still my problem. I want to be perfect at everything I do and set my standards too high. I have to go in there today with a different attitude. I have to act like I don't know how to relax and that I have to learn it from the beginning. That will be a lot better than acting as if I've already got the thing down pat.
YES I HAVE ISSUES . . . .
I find the above picture so sweet and it looks like a place I could just relax in a chair and let the wind blow in my face and think about peaceful sweet things.
2) I've made more dedicated time for my daughter during the day
Lee Lip Hong (pic left), the former principal of Pei Chun Public School has been charged with having paid sex with an underage girl he knew through an online vice syndicate which was busted last year by the police. He is among 44 people to be charged in court on Monday.
I haven't brewed since the end of July. EGADS! I've already got my next two recipes that are sitting around waiting for me to get busy again.
Listen to any of our podcasts, and you’ll know that I’m the resident Pelfrey homer. That doesn’t mean I don’t get annoyed by his limitations; in fact, it makes me a little more critical of his limitations and made me wonder why, after his season in 2010, why Sandy Alderson didn’t trade him when he had the chance. I also wondered why he didn’t trade Angel Pagan, but it looks like he heard my rants by trading him in the offseason.
Sat - off
88. Killers, The: Ernest Hemingway
Enter the "on hold" music. Later I began to realise that I was listening to an album of tunes from the cinema - on permanent loop.
27. Have a family portrait made.
It must be .Why else would Guy Ritchie direct Sherlock Holmes 2 the way he did? Incidentally, that’s how the movie ends, with a question mark. But what am I going on for; I must be the last person on earth to watch the movie at the last theatre it was playing at. For sure.
SA’s renewables industry: a long walk to greendom Prepaid meters and the Inclined Block Tariff A history of fluorescent lamps Energy efficient lighting for five Eskom buildings Choosing between soft starters and drives Drive basics: sustainability by design Cost-effective automation of mine pumping systems Streamlined control system design with integrated safety Highly communicative control technology Installation, inspection and maintenance of Ex equipment Job creation for electronics contract manufacturing In conversation with… Dr. James Truchard How to insure your business against internet outages Going into deep sleep Security and mobility – some serious questions Scalable video coding integrates video and voice Complete systems protection Photovoltaic systems – the questions you should ask Increasing equipment life through predictive health monitoring Automating diesel and oil distribution for mining applications Accelerate debugging of FPGA-based systems using oscilloscopes The impact of digital oscilloscope blind time on measurements From garage to hi-tech PCB manufacture The hidden art of manufacturing multi-layered PCBs CPUT satellite HF beacon – a new tool for radio amateurs The future of control systems
Once inside, I expect a young lady at the reception, with everlasting broad smile to say formal welcome. Stop right there Mr. Shah. How dare you imagine of a modern impressive work force inside the nation's daily grind center. My subconscious spoke. And for a while the world around me appeared very similar. Yes I have been here before, a voice from within shouted. It is the post office in my village. But wait I am in Islamabad!!! Ah the uniformity and standardized culture of our nation's public service institutions has taken my breath away.
In the meantime, have a great Monday, or what is left of it!
Alrighty then! Due to lots of changes, including a new baby coming on board, I'm restarting this blog to keep everyone in touch with everything we're up to here in Louisiana :)
- A scene from THE EVOLUTION...that includes Noah.
Amazing! I did some research and they seem to have good reviews and a couple not so good. They have been in business since 1965 and they have a showroom in Orange County where you can go check them out. Plus they ship nationwide.
All in all, I'm terribly troubled by the fact that so many relationships go down this road. It starts with not being able to stay out all night, because the spouse/girfriend/boyfriend expects you home. Then it's not being able to hang out because the spouse/girlfriend/boyfriend wants to hang out with other couples. Then you can't hang out because there is housework to do. And then you start making excuses for why you can't do things, because it's just easier than dealing with any blowback coming from the spouse/girlfriend/boyfriend for hanging out. And all of this is before kids even come into the mix. It's easy to see how this scenario causes people (especially men) to lead lives of quiet desperation.
In all, I found it to be an enjoyable read. The language and style were relatively straightforward. The authoresses combination of modern left overs with high-medieval lifestyles is deft. It combines the homeyness of a close knit farming community, with the fear and paranoia of periodic waves of the plague. It is not action packed, but it is an interesting study on psychological stress-trauma, and on a possible pared back lifestyle.
Tim’s Uncle John Klopfenstein (Klopfenstein Furniture Leo and 14/69 stores, Hey I thought I would give him a plug! He’s GOOD!!) came up with this cost efficient alternative… Ceramic tile that could be cut to fit our uneven room with a top piece that would join the 2 tiles together nicely.The old tile was plastic and lays flatter against the wall then the tile now days. We are guessing this tile has been there for 40+ years.
To Barbara Hupp, Jeremy Scaduto, Donna Scherlock and Lou Pargeon I loath ignorance…I suggest you read this post: http://topcatsroar.wordpress.com/2012/04/30/breaking-news-raw-jack-hannas-zoo/ and watch the video…blow it to full screen for full effect and the view…next, I’l like the keys to your cars as I am not sure you people capable of driving and hey…the car lot could use the inverntory…better yet, Kiss My Fat Ass!!!
Throughout the summer, The Novo Geek plans to introduce even more pop-culture collectibles at affordable prices, including more Dexter, Star Trek and Battlestar Galactica items that make every day a little bit better for the geek that lives in all of us.
lucky break…
Jasper Bark – End of The Line
Short Version
You don't have to be buddhist, or Thai, to enjoy an immersive afternoon in the culture at Wat Thai. We felt transported from LA for the hour or two that we were there. I was excited to learn that their food marketplace at the temple actually takes place every weekend. Will have to confirm that asap and will let you guys know!
The council will also be promoting its Love Medway app, which allows people to report dog-fouling and other environmental issues by iPhone or android mobile phone, at the event.
It is with a heavy heart that I write this blog. We have lost one of our beloved bouncers to unfortunate circumstance. His laughter and joy were ever contagious and he would make the most of any situation. He would enter the bar and his jolly laugh would light up even the coldest hearts. His big bear hugs and lifts could mend your aching soul. His ability to intimidate the unitimidated was epic, and you always knew he was there to have your back. My life will be a little darker without him around. You never knew what to expect to come out of his mouth as his sense of humor was one of a kind. He will forever be missed and forever we will look to the right, or exactly .9 miles, to see his silhouette at another bar's front step. Who will yell out to guests," Welcome to (can't put bars name here because I signed a paper.)" He is preceded in leaving by many countless yellow shirts and has left his cousin, Dalton, behind to carry on the legacy. I know I will see him around and on various occasions, but it will not be the same as I will not have the assurance that I get to enjoy his spirit and life every weekend.
If you are interested in joining Council Member James in requesting an investigation, please sign our petition by visiting the following link:
The European Studies Postgraduate Research Group at King’s College London is pleased to announce a call for papers for their forthcoming research seminar, Developments in Contemporary Citizenship.
We can see that presidential primary candidates -- who literally research their success at persuasion every day -- are using every penny they can scrape up to get their messages on TV. They use the web to raise money from their small cadre of true believers, but when it's time to persuade the masses, the money goes to TV.
After entering my unexpected life, my mom’s words from 1982 haunted me: “Mr. Prier told me to tell you that someday, if you ever need to sell your violin, take it back to him and he’ll buy it from you. It’s a good violin.”
1½ cups rice wine vinegar
1. Beat the eggs lightly.
I usually do surveys. Give a list of 5 or 6 options and tally up the votes. Batgirl I did because I saw the costume at Halloween and I liked it. I’ve done period garb in the past but not in several years. I love it though and I’m dying to put together my own Valkyrie costume. I’m just now starting to create my own costumes. I created a Pris (Blade Runner) costume for a friend’s birthday party this past weekend and I’m starting to work on two more for Comic Con. We’ll see how that goes. I’m a very crafty person but that creativity doesn’t seem to extend to clothing (I’m really NOT into fashion, like, at all). I didn’t choose the name HNG, a friend did. It took him a while to sell me on it and it still embarrasses me but I’m tying really hard to get over that and just own it.
Day 1 – William Bay National Park
I was supposed to head straight to work after I was done with school last Thursday but since my student gave me an extra hour and a half of chill time cause she was still doing..well, whatever she was doing, I decided to take the opportunity to visit this little cafe I’ve always wanted to check out.
I smoothed the goosebumps on my forearm and dared to wonder whether I was watching the promised one – the long-awaited English champion of the new Arsenal way. I didn’t want to burden him with expectation, but I was pretty sure he’d take over from Bergkamp in a couple of years.
Playfulness: A piece of light-hearted music, with some wit and humour, a funny lyric, a painting that changes your perception, uses unexpected colours, which is light and airy or very colourful and a book that employs puns, jokes, funny incidents and witty dialogue all convey playfulness. If the web application feels like it encourages you to play and explore, or if the design of the application has some wry humour to it (such as my in-development mobile phone application, the Illuminati Detector), then it is playful. Computer games are very often playful. Playing is serious business.
In the future please you must give EXO-K a lot a lot a lot a lot a lot a lot of love alright keke
-or written out my cards like i said i was going to do
Basmati rice - 2 cups
Tallgrass Brewing Company Tallgrass Ale
So…get on your way!
02. Ouverture
Checking my garden
10:35 PM – Kane is wandering around backstage, and stops to check in on his father. It appears that Paul Bearer has been locked in a freezer for the better of two hours. Kane removes Paul from the freezer, only to place him back in the freezer seconds later. Yup. It’s official. Kane is a monster. Is there no one backstage with a brain? Someone go get him out of the freezer!
You must be at least 18 years of age
For at least 1200 years, crop circles have presented symbolic messages of DNA transformation and even Ascension on or around December 21, 2012. Easter Island, Stonehenge and some 4000 ancient sites are built on a Global Grid of energy that creates portals in space and time, such as the Bermuda Triangle. Rapture may indeed occur but in a very different way than most believe.
Layout made with Club Scrap's Common Threads digi kit.
What to give the girls for Christmas? I have a traditional stash that I choose from, gifts that they have come to love and to associate with me at Christmas time... Some of them fill their stockings and some 'Santa' delivers under the tree... either way we are all believers... and those who don't believe, don't receive...
As the end of the year arrives, and you are reading the lists of “the best”, “top 10”, “the most fascinating”, keep in mind what they mean for you and your business and how you can use them to generate revenue. Trying what others have done isn’t bad business… it is ok NOT to re-invent the wheel.
TX_RPOA_E-News-subscribe@yahoogroups.com
Or at least start a new tradition of the three beer lunch.
and if you don't live in the above area's - no problem - they will send you USPS shipping label for free! - it's the perfect site to unload the unneeded clutter in your closet - i'm sure you feel me when you look in your closet and realize you have about 40 black tops or a bunch of high end bags that you will never use again - time to purge the closet and make some money back!
Choosing to become a mom was not instantaneous. I am not going to pretend I loved every minute of it when I was starting because it was such a struggle. I did not know how to talk to a baby and ask what she needs. All she did was wail and squeal, except when she was fed and sound asleep. Worst , when she started teething, the cries were endless, because of her hurting gums and restless stomach due to diarrhea. I was grateful when my mom was there to take turns so I could at least grab some sleep.
SO ONE EARLY MARCH MORNING WE HAD A FRIEND ARRIVE WITH HIS TRAILER AT THE APIARY AND USING CARRYING STRAPS, KLAUS AND I LIFTED THE HIVES (very heavy hives!) ONTO THE TRAILER AND ABANDONED THE BEAUTIFUL APIARY. IT IS VERY FORTUNATE FOR US THAT WE OWNED A FACILITY AND LAND FURTHER ALONG ST MARYS BAY, WHERE WE HAD ONE HIVE ALREADY ESTABLISHED SINCE JUNE 17TH LAST YEAR. BY MID AFTERNOON THE NEW APIARY WAS ESTABLISHED AND THE BEES HIVES, STILL COVERED AND SEALED, SAT IN THEIR NEW HOME, WAITING FOR THE SUN.
Ehrenreich is concerned about more than short-term politics or even mid-term economic woes. Far worse, the cult of positive thinking threatens the rational core at the heart of our scientific and cultural growth:
The right panel houses the gorgeous Kanban woodpecker decoupage that sparked off the whole idea for this card. Other diecuts from the sheet (binoculars, notebook) were tucked into the "book page" edges for added decoration, and some stamping added to the edges.
100 days
I love to see candles at the holiday--
I tried living my life without this sport and I can’t do it. It’s too ingrained into my muscle memory and my heart. No other workout provides the same level of full-body involvement for the duration of the exercise. It’s such a challenging, rewarding, and thrilling sport that taps into the dancer and artist in me. But it also is the only kind of exercise I’ve ever experienced that is so fun that I don’t think about the fact that I’m exercising; I’m only focused on trying to do the spins, jumps, or edge moves that I want to be able to do. I can’t encourage people enough to give it a real try. It’s so fun. When the cool air whooshes past my face as I skate around the rink, I feel exhilarated and joyful. Yesterday was my first day back on the ice in a month due to a sprained foot and being back felt so good that I had a really stupid big grin on my face the whole time.
6 abruptly
“We don’t know what is his intent to file the report five days after we lodged a report denying that there was a Christian conspiracy.
New York City summer sidewalk hotdog cart ...
Another five pound pledged today through good old fashioned paper sponsor forms, so now over seventy pounds raised for Children with Cancer UK.
News of great joy, news of great mirth,
We are working on not eating sugar, flour and grains for a few weeks. This has left us eating a lot of dinners of meat, winter squash and kale. It was time to mix it up a bit, so I headed down to the neighborhood grocery store to see what organic veggies I could scrounge up. I came up with zucchini and eggplant (out of season in Boston, but you do the best you can). I decided to make some lasagna using slices of zucchini and eggplant as the noodles.
When I were a lass (sorry, had to say that!), we walked to and from school. My primary school (once we moved) was just a few hundred meters from home and I walked alone or with a friend every day. I also walked to my secondary school which was (as I’ve just checked) about a mile from home, (although I will admit getting a lift sometimes when I had guitar lessons.
No existing document paints a more vivid picture of the suffering the Huguenots had to endure before fleeing their homeland, than the leaflet that came with a Huguenot Cross given to me by a friend. As the leaflet was creased, torn, and had been badly photocopied,it was difficult to patch together, and I am indebted to my son for helping me to fill in the gaps.
Title: The Forgotten Garden
I accidentally drip a lot of glue on the heart, so it's now 'cloudy' looking more than shiny T _ T
An overfamiliar embrace
“Right now, that’s a good thing.” She took his arm and pulled him down the hall.
Last 2 week progress
First i painted them with white acrylic paint, and then decorated them with easter stuff...Added some candy inside anad finally done! They loved them! Just a small way of saying thank you to the wonderful women who take care of the most precious things that i have! Well, thats all for today! See you tomorrow with my DT project for Cupcake Craft Challenge! Huugs and sunshine!
The option for sweeter is Del Maguey Crema de Mezcal, a splendiferous, magnificent, inexplicably beautiful elixir crafted in the mountains of Oaxaca. It is a mixture of unfermented, roasted agave syrup and Mezcal San Luis del Rio. The aromas confound with roasted agave, vanilla, sweet almond, apple, pineapple and pear delicately set against smoky scents of coffee, caramel, cocoa and cedar achieving an immaculate balance that is provocative and lucullan. The palate articulates an intricate demonstration of these aromas in a harmony that is incomparable –you must taste it to believe it. The finish dawdles eliciting a visceral sense of earthy magic or romance in a sumptuous fade that ends clean.
Ladbrokes Poker believes this change (taking place across the whole Microgaming Poker Network) will be a fairer way to reward players and give credit to those who actually deserve it. For this reason, it also means that it is fairer to players who are learning the game and takes into account a player’s style of poker play.
My elementary school teachers, who made me want to become a teacher, and my two supervising teachers in Illinois – they were true professional mentors and helped me build strength and confidence in my work. People who teach with social justice in mind and at the forefront, no matter their area of expertise. In terms of yoga, the teachers who consistently and sincerely remind students to read their own bodies, on this day, at this time.
The banks (pre Mrs T) fell over themselves throwing credit at our farmers to encourage them to (as per Government and the EU policy) to expand their production. Mrs T’s particular brand of Conservatism was never that interested in farming, they were far more enamoured by the iffy money men in the City, so did nothing to prevent the imposition of Milk quotas (or their consequences) the bad times had begun for our Dairy farmers and oddly enough the banks stopped calling with offers of cheap credit.
I had a friend who did this, and when they moved out the employer tried to sue her for damages that were already done when they had originally moved in, and when they went to court the pictures saved my friend several thousand dollars.
Forever entwined.
Sweet berries ripen in the wilderness;
Our audition lasted a little over an hour, and it was in one of those terrible student lounges decorated like the 1970's threw up. We all had a series of improv exercises, and it was the first time I noticed this dark-eyed girl who always looked a little angry, and was smarter and funnier than I was. I think I knew it immediately. We made the cut, and we started rehearsal soon after. This was a first year production, and none of the shows or practices took place at the actual UVA theater, which is a really impressive building. Instead we found ourselves meeting in cafeterias and rec centers, and once or twice at a local church. Rehearsals were long and physically exhausting, and we were new to the school. We were a collection of theater nerds and academic types, and we banded together. We began to meet in small groups to eat lunch or study in the library. And I found myself showing up at Tina's room, where we'd talk for hours. I had few friends (and my roommate was a fundamentalist Christian who was trying to convert me, because I was Catholic, and I once told him I thought people from other faiths could probably get to heaven, so clearly I was in spiritual trouble. He actually said he was going on a fast to pray for my soul. I didn't like being in my room).
2 teaspoons fresh black pepper divided
Preheat the oven to 375 degree Celsius arrange the gujiyas in a oven safe greased dish and bake till golden brown from both sides.
Sunday, 5/13: Mother’s Day. I just batted my eyes at J. and asked very nicely if I could have the night off. Luckily, he’s a good and wise husband, so we’re on the same page.
Plus my mom's a landscape architect. I spent a lot of time looking over their drawings when I was kid. The buildings I photograph are often broken-down structures. They're not great architectural works, but I try to find something in them that's interesting.
Many of the American states have a two-tiered election process for president. One tier is the actual lever-pulling vote, which hasn’t meant of thing for decades. It’s just a circus for the media to make everyone think they were choosing candidates.
The word nonduality can be like the red pill.
this is the back of the wall decorated already . This is the decor for the downstairs passage way and entrance to the living quarters. I chose lovely muted green william morris paper from Sid Cooke .The striped paper is also used in the tiny passageway at the other side of the house.
As always, there is a question that the Holy Spirit is asking me … and as always, I’ll throw it out there for you too. How are you going to worship God today?
Overall the costs are not competitive for an author looking at Choice Publishing and with so many limitations, this company might be far wiser looking at some form of author bespoke service. This is disappointing as there are simply are not enough Irish companies offering a wide range of services to authors. Choice Publishing does have a lot going for them, but a serious revision of their packages is needed.
Only one other person has seen the missing photo—Stephanie Plum. Now she’s the target, and she doesn’t intend to end up in a garbage can. With the help of an FBI sketch artist Stephanie re-creates the person in the photo. Unfortunately the first sketch turns out to look like Tom Cruise, and the second sketch like Ashton Kutcher. Until Stephanie can improve her descriptive skills, she’ll need to watch her back.
Barney himself doesn’t think this is very likely. Ted saw the rose petals he spread out for Robin, but he didn’t hear the whole story of what happened after their one night stand. Barney insists that he’s over her and all he wants to do now is watch the tape. Lily and Marshall burst in, her encouraging him to watch it, because she said he eventually would, and him trying to stop it. Barney ends up smashing Ted’s VCR.
2. Do you have a bird’s eye view? A people’s eye view? A worm’s eye view?
04 Rendezvous 6:02
a tree or a rock -
Two were not cohesive and had no order or sense of timing, one was and did.
If zomb Guam happens to you—and if you date a zombie for an appreciable amount of time, it will happen to you—don’t be shocked. Handle the situation with equanimity and give the zombaphobe a reason to blush. Here are four ways to keep your cool.
Of all the seasons, they are
9. Vegetable or chicken broth, 1 medium-size can.
The frames in the house set has a whole slew of cute little frames, and my plan was to use a bunch of them and make something more involved, but that card just didn't want to be made. This card was dying to get out. Isn't it funny how stamps sometimes have a mind of their own?
of where he has so recently been,
to spell I love you so
6. Its a good, healthy way to vent. Granted, you shouldn't focus on that person you don't like, or that vendor that screwed you over forever, but it is good (and healthy!) to get things off your chest. It is like your own little support group! Also, when posting about vendors, you can warn people if they are bad, and sing their praises if they are good.
1. the families all over the world who lost loved ones through the actions of the world's #1 terrorist,
But there's a stark difference. Integrity, being true to yourself, is a strictly private affair. It's nobody else's business: it's between you and your conscience, or (if you do God) between you and God. No one can rob you of your integrity. No one can make you be false to yourself.
So I have a post planned about something I saw in the news (non weight related) but this post is already going to be ridiculously long so I'll hold off.
The Harris Poll done in 2003, estimated that fully 36% of those aged 25-29 had one or more tattoos.A 2006 a study done by the Journal of the American Academy of Dermatology found that 24% of Americans between 18 and 50 are tattooed; that’s almost one in four. And the survey showed that about 36% of Americans age 18 to 29 have at least one tattoo!
According to a paper published in Applied Cognitive Psychology (which I read religiously on Monday mornings to recover from the weekend) - doodling is good for you, performance-enhancing even.
I did get to see "The Hunger Games", finally! I thought it was really good. I'm a "book first" movie-goer so, of course, I think the book is better. My husband had to be filled in throughout the movie. However, that being said, it was a great "follow-up" to the book; in other words, it supports the book well. After Potter, I'm an unfortunate critic of books-to-movies. Too critical. But I definitely look forward to "Catching Fire" in 2013.
collection from LYB.
I stamped the greeting in Brilliance Graphite Black ink on Follow Your Heart Be Happy 6x6 papers from My Mind's Eye. This sketch was perfect for the new Fishtail Flags STAX Die-namics.
On any ranch anywhere around the Río de la Plata, there is always hot water for mate in a thermos or in a kettle on the woodburning stove. As per mate tradition, the water is never allowed to reach a full boil ...so you´ve got the perfect temperature for brewing without unecessary bitterness with the Aeropress.
(Holiday House)
The door handle was just at his reach when he decided his hair needed water and that there was a potential flake of dry skin on the shoulder of his black V-Neck. Fucking skin of an elephant he thought as he stripped off the shirt and stood transfixed on the space where his right pectoral muscle met his underarm. Why can I not tone this fucking spot anymore? He thought as he pushed at the reasonable mass of muscle and the slightest amount of fat.
Kerma(Ancient Egyptian and Sudanese Kingdom)
There is much, more more. Our textbooks are purposely being written to give a false, benign picture of Islam.
I am very intentional about making my children's birthdays very special. I want them to know that they are precious children of God, uniquely & wonderfully made, and are such treasures to their Daddy & I! So I love making the day truly special & memorable.
I apologize for this picture-heavy post ... I just liked my pictures (wow, I feel really weird saying that), and I didn't know how to edit them down. They made me smile when I looked at them, and I kind of needed that.
There are debates amongst women about the reclamation of the C-word (and whether doing so is actually something that empowers) but it strikes me that Woman, a word that has so much more of an everyday relevance should be used by women in their early twenties without worrying about whether this somehow automatically categorises them as 'a fully capable adult'. God knows I don't feel like a fully capable adult, but that shouldn't diminish the fact that I am also a woman. I have to say, I can't stand my Professor but I'm glad she provided me with this food for though.
As always, if you want to leave a comment, please do so below. Let me know your opinion on the blog and please share it with your friends, family, and yes, even your enemies. I’m found on Facebook, Twitter, Google +, and via e-mail at dpitsiladis@gmail.com.
I’m really bad at waking up in the morning. Really really really bad. Wake-up-in-such-a-stupor-I-feel-morally-obligated-to-return-to-dream-and-carry-on-with-dream-life sort of bad. Staying up is easy, I’ve pulled three all-nighters in the past month or so to do school. Generally I just wake up in enough time to go to class, and the anxiety of being late motivates me to pick myself out of my cozy bed. I’m hardly late or absent. I easily acquired complacency.
10/2 – Omaha, NE – Sokol Hall (Free Show)
Harmony is defined as agreement; accord; harmonious relations.
So to cut that off at the pass, I'd just like to say that it isn't that we can't afford the medical bills, it's just that there's a huge difference between an unexpected medical expense which the hospital expects to be paid in full within 30 days of being billed, and the extra expenses that go along with having a baby...which we'd have nine months to prepare for.
Amazing Race. Survivor. Hell's Kitchen. The list of reality shows goes on and on, and the trend shows no sign of stopping. As the audience demands more extremes and more excitement, for their entertainment to not just push the envelope but tear right through the damn thing, author John Hansen envisions a world in which murder has become the latest televised sensation in a program called The Perfect Game.
The Hero Arts blog had a wonderful tutorial regarding watercoloring with Distress Paints. I have never tried actually "painting" with them... spritzing, stamping, and antiquing with them, yes...but to actually use a brush to paint an image, no. So, I decided to go one step further, and try to make a stained glass effect on vellum with them. It worked pretty well!
I find this whole notion mindboggling. But frankly, it is based on a very, very standard doctrine within much of Christianity, that of an everburning Hell of torment for all those who don’t “make it” to Heaven. And I don’t doubt this is what many who are spreading the date May 21 believe. (For an examination of the idea of an everburning Hell of permanent torture, see my NonDante: The biblical truth about Hell blog.)
What I have grown most to love about Houston, Texas is its rich culture of food. The food is so amazing here that the city offers Houston Culinary Tours led by some of the greatest Houston chefs in our city. The typical Texas cuisines of barbecue and Tex-Mex are well represented throughout our city, but you will also find amazing ethnic cuisines from around the country and the world. One of my favorite foods to eat this time of year is crawfish, traditionally from Texas’s neighbor to the east, Louisiana. Crawfish boils have crossed the border to Texas -- nice for me, as when I left Maryland I also left my beloved crab feasts. In recent years, more and more Vietnamese-style crawfish restaurants have popped up all around town. One of my favorite foods is Vietnamese and I am lucky to be in Houston, where there are many amazing Vietnamese restaurants, from fancy to casual.
By taking that verse into practice, I assure you that life can be lived so much easier. I am living, breathing proof. Not to say or imply I just flipped some spiritual switch and everything was “all good”. It is with daily, sometimes minute by minute reminding that I am able to implement this scripture into my life.
way too early with headaches and
Okay... not exactly the healthiest of meals I have prepared-- but definitely one that we will be made again just about as fast as I can! I almost cried when I realized that the leftovers somehow did not make it to the fridge and had to be thrown out instead! My husband and I both loved this recipe, and it made a TON of pizza! Served with a nice fresh salad, you can definitely get a few meals out of this one! Normally I like for my deep dish crust to be a little more buttery (if you've ever had Gino's, you know what I mean) but this is about as close as I have come to replicating authentic deep dish at home. I'd love suggestions if someone has an idea for a different crust!
One little glitch is that I didn't have a pretty clasp to perfectly match my focal bead. I had some a few months ago. lol However, I've made peace with what I've chosen to send and can't wait to see what my partner does with it all. I sure know what I'd try to do!
Smithereens & Belinda Carlisle Blue period US
‘When labouring women arrive they will be seen immediately by a midwife and moved straight to the most appropriate area, whether that be the labour ward or ante-natal,’ she said.
Not to take this too seriously though. Le Corbeau may be far from trite but it is just as far from profound. The cynicism coming off of the thing is mostly for show. It's an exercise in style that draws heavily on American noir. There are some wonderful passages of cinematography that achieve this feeling within a provincial French town, which is cool in it's own right. One that especially stood out for me is the nurse/nun wearing a flowing black habit and veil, running away from vigilantes in broad daylight against white-washed walls of old stone. The Raven indeed.
My first post with this datestamp, and a couple of bottles from West Yorkshire's Saltaire brewery.
“This was not a decision that was made because they were religious materials,” he said. “It was not a decision that was made with respect to the faith of Islam. It was a mistake. It was an error. The moment we found out about it, we immediately stopped and we intervened.”
You can find her work at her Etsy shop, Roadside Projects, where 5×7 and 8×10 prints are available. The piece I chose for the palette spoke to me through form, personality and most of all color. From the pastel blues and pinks to the neutral gray tones, I just couldn’t resist. I also love the addition of pattern and detail, which you will find in all of her work. Like I said before, Jayme takes the craft to new heights.
Looking out my window this morning, I would have thought it to be December. Except that in December it would still have been too dark out to see the snow at 6:00 a.m.
I’m sure you’ve heard Mad Men is back. What can be more fun than watching handsome men in suits drinking martinis?
You’re every face that I see, things ain’t moving quick enough for me
In the past month or Beer Blokes has been out-and-about attending, organising or hosting Beer Dinners from one end of the metro area to the other as well as into the sticks spreading the word on good beer and its remarkable ability to adapt to so many food dishes. From dining rooms with 30 eager souls to restaurants with 100 beer novices, pubs and hotels and other venues are embracing the concept of food and beer matching.
Perhaps the first is where is the wiggle room. At Special Gathering, it was a great adjustment for me to learn where there was NO wiggle room. I am the kind of person who has 17 irons plugged in ready to utilize. My personality lends itself to having many projects going all at the same time. The first year I was at Special Gathering, I maintained my positions in our church as Missions Director. For twenty years before that time, I had at least one new book that I was authoring while planning magazine articles. Music was a priority. My list can go on and on. One day, our executive director took me out to lunch. After we had eaten, he folded his napkin and placed it on the table and folded his hands in front of me. ”You need to decide if your priority will be Special Gathering or the 15 other things that are important to you.”
I have tried a few different websites to monitor my diet. The two I liked best were SlimKicker and Lose It. My wife Lauren is having great success with Lose It (she has worked off about 20lbs) and that is now my preferred calorie counting site. So far I am down 1 chin.
In an auburn wig with very heavy bangs, Garland had shed the “baby fat” much discussed by her studio boss Louis B. Mayer, but her trimmer figure could still pack a vocal wallop and did so. She is handsomely supported by a superlative array of MGM talent including the above mentioned O’Brien, Lucille Bremer, Mary Astor, Leon Ames, Marjorie Main, Harry Davenport and Tom Drake, as the “boy next door”. The entire cast charms its way from scene to scene evoking the feel and sound of turn of the century Americana via the MGM backlot.
We all understand that in today's baseball world, you pretty much need a great slugger at first base. When you look at the World Series winners the last few years, that becomes clear (in parentheses is where they finished in the MVP voting that year):
On the flip side of the coin, for Christmas I received Jacqueline Kennedy, Historic Conversations on Life with John F. Kennedy. What a wonderful book. It comes with a set of CDs of her interviews in her breathy voice. The conversations are with Arthur M. Schlesinger, Jr. and they took place a few months after JFK'S death. In one interview, Schlesinger asked Jacqueline about a pre-inaugural gala that Frank Sinatra had organized, with Hollywood stars such Nat King Cole and comedian Alan King. Jacqueline replied:
My hearts desires, I’ve always been so scared to completely submit, to put my trust in God to place someone who would be completely compatible with me. But it just makes sense that if He knows my hearts desires he has someone for me that’s that and more right?
Suddenly we realized that we were all alone, and no one could see us. We took off all of our clothes and sunned ourselves and giggled and scrutinized each other’s bodies. It was strange and awkward as sisters to behold each other in the nude. I don’t know that this had happened since we were children. I remember sort of comparing my body with hers, wondering who was better to look at and lay with. I believe I concluded that it was a matter of taste.
THE PRIMITIVES - Echoes And Rhymes
Regarding business and species, Richard T. Pascale states, “there are just companies and species that either react to change and evolve, or get left behind and become extinct.” Additionally, “The stories in ‘Surfing the Edge of Chaos are of pioneering efforts that show how the principles of living systems produce bottom line impact and profound transformational change.” I thought to myself, these concepts are an interesting invitation to a place of knowing in our psyche, for people to understand more deeply as opportunities for their lives to create balance and thrive in times of trouble and uncertainty!
Some people just aren’t built to do both jobs. And that’s why you get the VP who can land a quarter-million-dollar account but can barely write a decent press release. Or the managing director stuck in task force meetings all day who dreams only of closing his door and writing speeches.
This is Orwellian reasoning, and were it coming from the mouths of the well-known players of the Bush administration (say Rumsfeld or Ashcroft), the left would quickly condemn it. As it stands, however, there’s been relatively little public outcry over this flagrant violation of Constitutionally guaranteed rights outlined in the 5th Amendment, which states clearly that the government cannot deprive citizens of life or liberty without due process, regardless of suspected criminal activity.
At times I've felt like Houdini, turning myself inside out to accept the value of a schooled education, albeit one that is chosen by the student, without diminishing my love and great respect for a home education. A big task as I enter my tenth year of home education, for Snowy and Lucy remain happily at home.
SHRIMP AND POTATO-TOPPED SPINACH TOSTADOS
Muslin
"So, technically, we aren't married yet?"
Read “A&P” and complete the character journey log. Also, as you read, highlight important quotes and label key turning points of the hero’s journey in the margins of the story.
Like a facade…it shields away the pain
Growing up I wanted to be a dolphin trainer. I don't think social work is going to do much for me there, but we can't have everything! (And keeping dolphins in captivity is bad anyway.)
Pete Holmes – drums
a. Parent
Deadline to enter is January 14th, 2012!
I love the circle month stamp image and decided to use that on each page - the marking of the month, I am still thinking about.
I hate bugs ... I hate cockroaches a bit more.
Get the customer involved in checking the strength of the battery. With a good battery tester, you can show the customer right then and there how well their battery is performing. You can show the customer how much “life” the battery has or the possibility that it may need replacing.
Okay, so some of you may see that there are some layout changes on my blog. Yes. I like change. Sometimes. Usually when it comes to organizing and furniture placement. But I digress (a common occurrence for those of you just joining us...).
Another lovely bedroom inspiration I got was just yesterday. From a fellow blogger Rosalynn from LolitaWonderland. She had placed photo's of her Lolita outfit and posed in front of her wardrobe. I noticed the wall's wallpaper straight away. It was a lovely "blue" flower pattern. Like I said before, blue is a bathroom colour, but it looked so beautiful. I couldn't help but drewl.
Then we ate eels in big ferris wheels
Shrinkage- The property of natural hair that makes it recoil into its curl-pattern. This relates directly with the appearance of hair length as well, meaning natural hair is usually a lot longer than it looks. Depending on hair type, shrinkage could be as great as 75% (or higher). Moisture helps reduce some shrinkage in natural hair (also certain hair styles, i.e. two strand twists). *My hair type is mostly 4a with some 3c’s sprouting here and there. As a result, my hair shrinks back to over half its length when it’s not stretched out or worn straight. (See pic)
“I’ll take an individual slice with sausage,” I told the guy at Round Table. “Please, extra sausage, and thick crust.” As he walked away to place my order, I continued: “Extra thick, and really, really hot. I'll blow on it. Hard too, but not crusty.” I wiped saliva from my chin.
What would you guess is inside these shiny little eggs?
Anyway ladies my advice is when your man says he’s going strip club … you kiss that man goodbye, tell him “have fun baby” … and you make sure he leaves with NO STRESS; don’t ever send a man to a club with stress (that’s another post – i might write it today). When he gets home you say “you have fun babes?” when he says yeah, let that be that god dammit!
When the magazine was set up in the 1950s, the case could still be made that America was a nation, and that because it was a reasonably coherent entity, there was some sense in establishing a Conservative political magazine that sought to review it as a whole; hence the magazine’s dull but descriptive name. Reviewing, by the way, means to look at, examine, and analyze something so as to offer opinion, insight, and enlightenment. Something to bear in mind in the present age.
17. Hoosiers (Gene Hackman) – This will make you stand up and cheer!
Mmmm, doesn't that look good? A few days ago my mother and I went out for lunch with my Grandma to a place in the neighbourhood called Cottage Bakery. It's gets pretty busy around lunch time when the students from the high school next door have their lunch hour, but for the most part it's relatively quiet and is the perfect place to go to when you're looking for a simple and inexpensive meal.
Jon’s original intention had been a career in law but, without a degree and with pretty terrible A level results, that wasn’t going to happen. He really was at a loss for what to do with his life when, one day, he noticed a charity advertising for a director. He applied – not really expecting anything to come of it – and was surprised to be invited to an interview shortly afterwards.
Phroney was a man—maybe in his 50’s or early 60’s, hard to tell looking back—who lived, so I was told, miles on up our road, far away from our little hub of a community. His face looked permanently swollen and disfgured which, alone, caused us kids to shy from him.
We now have a real connection. He knows that I accept and care for him just as he is. Most of the people in his life are working hard to help him change and that may be important; however, it is also important to have someone in his life to accept him as he is with all his strengths and flaws, and it is me. In this way, I am helping him develop empathy.
- salt and fresh black pepper, to taste
At Poets United, we are asked to think about keys, more specifically, the keys in our lives. For the rest of the prompt, and some lovely images, head over.
Galileo had discovered the four largest moons of Jupiter, named after him as the Galilean satellites. He saw correctly that these moons orbited Jupiter as Copernicus has guessed that the planets orbited the sun. He then turned his telescope to the Moon:
Contact Person : Ms. Ruchi Chawla
Brodie glanced at Mary as he headed towards the bedroom at the rear of the house. She looking at a spot in the wall that should have a window, her hand absently caressing her belly.
It took 78 days to get from 150,000-250,000.
You can individually set up your own salad by using the ingredients, including the dressing, and stretch it even further with the healthy delicious salad.
Though yesterday flowers and sunrays
The best part while batting second in the shortest format of the game is that the players know at which rate they need to score. The same was the case with Rajasthan Royals too, but they never took the initiative of finishing the game early. Their intent during the game was such as if they wanted to play 120 balls during the game. Indeed, they did play but the script was written in favour of Delhi Daredevils. If they stick to the same style of playing their game, they will land nowhere, as the IPL is moving to the business end of the competition.
I knew from his profile that he was a bit shorter. I’m 5’7 and I really don’t have an issue with men being shorter than me, but I do like to wear heels. I figure a confident man can handle that. He did make mention of his height so I knew it meant something to him and I was sure to tone that down. Dinner was great. We had good conversation and got along quite well. He is a foodie and seemed to know about wine (I know a lot about wine as my ex is in the industry as is my best friend). We had a lot to talk about. After dinner we sat at the bar and chatted until the place was closing. He walked me to my car and gave me flowers. I thought, how sweet.
National police spokesperson Sally de Beer said it was a provincial matter and referred us to Colonel Neville Malila, the provincial commissioner’s spokesperson.
Wednesday was the second preview. I had assumed that we would have a very small audience, but actually it was nearly as full as the first night, and once again, the performance was great and the audience really responsive.
My purchases included Mohair fleece, recycled silk sari ribbon, whole silk cocoons (with the bug still inside; I actually have a project for my store in mind for these), silk chiffon and cotton lawn fabric, green mohair/Merino yarn, and an assortment of decorative lace weight cone yarns, for plying: stainless steel, red wool with stainless steel, and tea green silk with stainless steel. You can’t see these very well in the photo, but they’re really beautiful and shimmery. I was also eyeing some pineapple fiber lace weight that I may sneak in to pick up next week (I’m having buyer’s regret that I didn’t get it).
Footie is, of course, an Olympic sport and there are other films about the beautiful game which are less risible. One of the best examples is Gurinder Chadha’s Bend It Like Beckham (2002), which features an up-coming youngster called Keira Knightley in the story of two teenagers aiming to make it big in women’s football. And, yes, there is a ladies’ tournament at this year’s Olympics: it kicks off in Cardiff, two days before the official opening ceremony.
A man has to become a man due to society, in today’s world boys and girls are ‘socialised’ into contrasting personalities and roles. Gender divisions today are based on the biological and psychological differences thought to determine masculine and feminine personality. The naturally psychologic sex is undifferentiated at birth and the individual becomes psychologically differentiated as masculine or feminine in the course of growing up thanks to society.
Matadoraflamenca@gmail.com
There are 75 breweries in Pennsylvania. One of them is in a fish market; one is in a former county morgue; two are in old barns; one is in a train station; and one is in a suburban garage. The two largest American-owned breweries both have their main breweries in Pennsylvania, and they're less than 40 miles apart. Didja know all that?
People let these two get away with everything. While Domyouji can be a violent, tyrannical bastard because everyone is scared of his mother’s money, Ren can be a rude, arrogant little princess because “he is a genius” at song writing. Both characters are warped by tragic childhoods: Mrs. Domyouji (affectionately referred to as ‘that stinkin’ old hag’) is a heartless robot, built to run the business empire and so left Tsukasa with no role model, few social graces and no discipline (it’s debatable whether he even went to school and I don’t remember ever hearing anything about the father character – further proof of her being a robot and Domyouji and his sister being some kind of miracle); Ren has a world of abandonment issues because his mother is just…awful. Hence his, “never go where I can’t see you” thing with Miko.
functional. It does not get any
After a few minutes he called back. The customer was at the airport, and was planning to have coffee while she waited for me. Foot to the floor time.
we question the fairness of our God
Ahh - the true price of diversity! The UK is facing a huge crime wave and the offenders are being outed as 'foreigners'. This article goes to great lengths to omit the race/country of origin of the perpetrators - although it does hint at the influx of people from former Easter Bloc countries - yet says nothing about the Pakistanis and other third worlders (miles too un-PC you see). The latest figure of 91 000 foreign criminals is up from 52 000 in 2008. So, in two years, the figure has nearly doubled - and this figure may be twice as high as over half the police forces didn't release their figures. What would be a sensible response to this issue, you'd ask? Cut the number of 'foreigners' coming into the country? No way Jose! Cut the number of policemen!! Yes, that's right - allow all the riff-raff in to commit serious crimes, leach off the welfare and then encourage more bad behaviour by cutting down on the police force! Gotta love this new PC world we live in. Don't cut down on foreign aid, UN and climate change financial support - rather cut down on internal policing. Me thinks that a trip to the UK has just come off my list of potential holiday destinations - I'd rather go to the Australian Outback and say hi to some feral camels and hop with the kangaroos - seems I may be safer....
Friends of ours just had their gorgeous little baby daughter and I made this card for that occasion.
She dropped me off at Accident & Emergency on her way to work. I was prepared for hours of waiting in a crowded room. Computer, painkillers, nice thick book.
In year 1 cover the basics. Figure out your most pressing needs and address them. Purchase strategically; go for solid basic colours. Shirts in blue or white are both popular and versatile. If you already have these you might consider shirts from a lilac or pink palette or in simple checks. New shirts, especially in colours you do not already own often need new ties. If you need new suits navy, charcoal grey or mid grey work with most colours and are the best place to start a new collection. When you buy a suit if possible buy an extra pair of trousers which will help the suit to last longer as trousers wear out more quickly that jackets. A decent pair of shoes, ideally with a pair of shoe trees to help them last is a good idea. In subsequent years you build upon year one and carefully build up your collection.
Seriously, I think it's worth checking out, good deals, good quality, if you like this shop then don't hesitate -- hit the road and grab up what's left!
‘What?’ said Rook.
On the way to pick them up, I kept telling Mr. Jenny, "I'm excited but I don't want to be excited. They are still going to look stupid and freaky. Stupid and freaky purple glasses with rhinestones. What was I thinking?"
that makes any sense.
And what i'm working on is to serve With Love
I took last week off from blogging to spend some time with my family.
A Scotsman is a Scotsman.
i will water regularly.
Bahamian government agencies were aware than the islands needed better faciites for visitors, because of the cash injection it brought to the resident population, both human and piscean. It was a difficult balancing act. Development done right, gentle on the environment and drawing tourists in manageable numbers could help protect sharks and their ecosystem. Tom knew that. But too much development, like they had in the ’eighties at Freeport in Grand Bahama and Paradise Island in Nassau, would destroy them.
I love the part in the sermon when the Pastor talked about becoming intolerant of any new people coming to the Church. “Tatted and pierced” people sometimes make others feel uncomfortable. The visiting Pastor stated he believed in the original “pierced” Son of God.
The final important thing to remember is that while you can’t “view source” to see the php used in a site, there are many many sites where you can find useful code that you can repurpose for your own sites. Google it, rip it off use it, change it, improve it, and once you’re confident, fix it using some of your own initiative.
As the water level recedes in some towns, people are going back to see if there is anything left of their homes----and there it was---good Aussie humour in the face of adversity----someone put a sign on a fence---"Missing---three goldfish. Last seen swimming in their bowl two days ago"
I offered no objection to this pragmatic ethical formula. When a willing bosom makes contact with a willing face, the why’s and the wherefore’s are of minor importance.
Mopsy: I don’t know, but there’s a stack of these odd parchment-thingies with strange characters on them.
Almost certainly the most extreme of the extreme activities is Base Jumping or B.A.S.E Jumping for the aficionado. (buildings, aerials, spans (bridges), and earth (cliffs). – the acronym doesn’t really work very well and probably says something about the intellect of the participants. Certainly a very dangerous affair, it even has its own web site listing the 183 known fatalities resulting from those who’s career came to an abrupt end. http://www.blincmagazine.com/forum/wiki/BASE_Fatality_List
D -Donkey. (Yes that's the first word that came to mind, don´t ask me why)
Many thanks to our existing subscribers on Blogspot.
Anyhoo, we headed out to the vineyard last Saturday night to meet up with some of our friends. We arrived early so we could get a good table and the weather was absolutely perfect! We grabbed a table with an umbrella and we were looking forward to listening to the 80's and 90's band playing that night. Unfortunately, the music was awful so we completely tuned them out while we visited with good friends and did wine tasting. While there, James Arthur and his dog, Max, gave us a tour of the vineyard. It was a beautiful night for a tour and the sun was just starting to set. At that point (and very early on in the night), my camera battery died! Therefore, we used our cell phones and some pictures were e-mailed to me, which is why the resolution is bad in some of the pictures below. I was extremely disappointed because there were photo opportunities everywhere and I felt completely lost without my camera!
All at once through all the commotion I felt myself drawn into the potato I was cutting. The potato became animated and for a moment became another entity that spoke to me. It said....."You are not suppose to be here cutting me up, wiping that dogs feet or tending children so why are you here?????."
Disclosure: This book is part of my personal collection and I read it for personal entertainment and as a book club selection.
So basically we did nothing...
Who can blog all types of insanity,
She exhibited her self-proclaimed trait of “always trying…” by keeping silent in many moments where I knew from experience that she disapproved of my parenting style. At lunch, for example, when the kids desired to read their books at the table as we waited (seeming interminably) for our overpriced fare at a Shelter Island mainstay, I looked at my mom and her pressed-tight lips and told them to give me their books. Mom gives her kids their books as per their requests. Why shouldn't a child be allowed to read at the table? That's great. Oh no, wait... then:
After spending 5 hours inhaling fumes at the Special Olympics swim meet I had no energy to make dinner. I almost didn’t take my camera with me but tossed it in my purse just in case. While we were waiting for our dinner orders I looked over at Sam and saw this……!
We woke up our first morning in Yosemite to hundreds (literally) of school kids streaming by. I just wanted to leave - it was too much for me. We drove up to Glacier Point for the incredible view and then headed out of the park. It's worth seeing, but I doubt we'll be back.
There will be at a special launch evening TONIGHT (1/5/12) from 6.00pm – 7.30pm, and then will run from Wednesday 2nd May – July 18th during Theatre opening hours.
32. The statement: "I'm not as think as you drunk I am!", should never be used at a field sobriety check point.
Do you ever nostalgia eat? If so, what kind of foods and places do you go?
Today's card is another for the Card Positioning Systems anniversary celebration (Day 6). This was actually my second attempt at using the sketch....the first one found it's way to my recycle bin because I just couldn't get it to work. For this attempt I pulled some really old Autumn Leaves papers that I was hoarding for my wedding album and created this vintage inspired card using a stamp and die set from My Favorite Things. I just love how you can customize the "paper" coming out of the top of the typewriter. For once I stayed really true to the sketch and I'll definitely be using this layout again.
On what date was International IPA day?
Even now, I don’t feel like I’m back to where I was. I struggle to see the numbers I want to see. I get irritated with myself for not performing the level I feel is acceptable. Right now I sit in a place of deep frustration, and if I can’t find a way out of it, Mists might see me taking on a new role or even a new class. Tastes Like Death…Knight? Tastes Like Holy Priest?
02. When I Hear My Name
I lost enough blood during the miscarriage to be still quite weak. As I physically heal, I am just very present with this grief and this broken old body. It helps. It is helping to deal with the immediacy of my physical suffering. I know that it will transition to something else when I am alone with my head and the hormonal changes, but for now, it is a small gift to be there.
484200 Specialized freight trucking (including household moving vans)
