And that, ladies and gentlemen, is the perfect embodiment of how your many governments, be it local, state, or federal, are literally fooling you by the simple act of omission of the pertinent information held within the government audit (the CAFR report) and spoon-feeding the American public a heaping dose of fear-based half-truths sprinkled with a splash of treason, and finished off with a good laugh all the way to the banks (which government owns as majority stock holder of those banks).
The police for instance are the organisation tasked with protecting society from criminality, yet they are not permitted to acknowledge, or in many instances even address the truth of the criminality they are confronting. Instead they are required to operate as if within a parallel universe or pantomime, playing lip service to an entirely false reality.
A lot of soul records belly-flopped in the UK on their first issue - including some Motown ones which are now legendary - and this seems to be yet another disc which didn't find a mainstream audience at the time. Regrettable, as I'd like to have heard more from this lot. Excuse the pops and clicks again, but an acetate of this age is never going to be in tip-top condition.
What nobody tells you is that if you do find yourself single at 27, that you can still make friends - lots of them, in fact - and they'll probably end up being the best, most honest, generous and like-minded ones you ever had.
Actually, they say I am depressed, and I think if they say that just a few more times, I may actually become depressed (which might be their goal), or I might start lighting things on fire randomly while shouting gibberish and eating good and plentys, which should tell you how much I dislike being told that I am depressed when I am not motherfucking depressed.
I won Bohemian Pilsner grain in the raffle at the Bluebonnet. Why not replace any German Pilsner malt with Bohemian Pilsner malt in a Kolsch recipe and see what happens. I also get to use the yeastcake from the previous brew.
SIPTU General President, Jack O’Connor, will launch the Dublin Dockworkers’ Preservation Society photographic exhibition in Liberty Hall on Wednesday, 9th May, at 7.00 p.m.
We all have our own individual power, but I’m still the most jealous of Kai’s teleportation skill. (Kai: I’m also jealous of my own power too) If we have the teleportation skill, I must see the insides of the bank.
Bowler hats figured predominately in his work as did women's bodies!
Here we stand at the feet of Nelson Mandela's statue (apologies to Madiba whose stature makes a full length photo shot impossible with a Nokia phone camera). You can see that Ermelinda and Gytree enjoyed the magnficient shopping in Sandton square. The train ride was a pleasure. I enoyed the beauty of our inland urban sprawl. Both suburbs and industrial areas are tree-rich and the grasslands in between are spring-green. Everywhere jacarandas are in bloom.
Any ride that can be folded up, packed in a box and wheeled from town to town isn't exactly considered safe in my book. Also, have you seen the toothless, tobacco spittin, dirty-fingernailed, prostitute-lovin' gentlemen who put those things together? (Forgive me. That was a totally unfair generalization of carnies. I'm sure some of them have teeth.) I don't think quality control ranks high on their list of priorities. If I had to guess, I'd say it falls somewhere below butt scratchin' but definitely above hand washing.
I started smoking when I was 14 years old. Sneaking a Viscount filter down my bra before going riding with girls I no longer see. I was at a school for a single term while we were relocating (story of my life). We’d ride across highways into the bush, down to a stream at the end of Loyalty Road in North Rocks. Let the horse splash in the creek, sit and talk as girls do about boys and horses and life as we knew it. "Have one" said my friend Kate, and eager for acceptance of new friends in a new state, I complied. “Do the draw back.”
Mix together the condensed milk, lemon juice and lemon zest. Beat until it's creamy. Pour over the bottom layer of crumb mixture. Top with the other half of the crumb mixture, but don't press down.
To lose weight, we have to eat less of unhealthy food choices and/or not eat too much of healthy ones. A no-brainer, right? But telling our brain (where overeating sometimes starts) that we’ve had enough, or that we really shouldn’t eat that sugary, fatty item that’s calling our name is often a tough battle.
But when he meant to quail and shake the orb,
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Line a large baking sheet with parchment paper, a silpat liner or aluminum foil.
Occupied Balochistan: Military operations continue full-fledged and offensives in many parts of Balochistan have become a routine, read a Baloch Republican Party (BRP) press release on Wednesday.
So with all my friends and family to bear witness, I take my seat ala the walk of shame, fending off stares and smirks with an “Oh this? Of course it’s not just for me,” then scarf down that mountain of sugary shame until my belly is boated and the smears and crumbs on my plate resemble a homicidal crime scene at a bakery.
I think both the two gringos and the Zapotec woman went to sleep that night with a story to share.
By the year 2016 it is estimated that 43 percent of all US workers will work from home. That’s good news for the morning commute. But what about workplace productivity? Will we become even more isolated without all that watercooler chat?
Get out as early as you can,
I found this Irish quote online which went with the little scene for Marci.
Geothermal proof and super-cooling
"And I stepped on this pokey thing."
6. Conference Baggies: Put a picture of a Church leader on a baggie with little treats or games. When that Leader speaks, that would be the time when that baggie may be opened. The Author suggests having a trash can near by for wrappers or 'activities that get out of hand'. (I thought that was a really good point! Most of us can relate to that!)
What could *your* walls say?
This year was a train wreck. Those who know why, know why. I'm glad A.J., Aaron Johnson and Biskit had a good time at NPS, though.
Doyle continued to shake his head skeptically. “Let’s think this through a little further before coming to any rash conclusions.”
Up mountains to the milky stones
Every time I head to the grocery store, I have to remind myself that, Yes, it’s okay to spend money on fruit I want to eat, because the price is considerably more expensive than it would be in the States, usually is lower quality, and there’s a lot less selection. The strawberries literally are either a) really hard and sour b) overly mushy. The apples here are usually limited to Macintosh, Red Delicious, Granny Smith, and Empire, although I can get other varieties (the good kind) like Gala, Fuji, and Pink Lady on some occasions. And when Navel Oranges are on sale? They’re from California/Florida and not Africa (as Canadian markets tend to try to buy non-American produce).
I then cut a layer piece at 3 7/8 x 5 1/2 and rounded the edges and pop dotted sweet little Abby which is cut at 4 1/2 plus the layers from the Sesame Streets Season's cartridge. Isn't she just happy and full of life? So cute! I added some fun flowers for the bouquet from the Flower Shoppe cartridge and they were cut at 2". I also added some perfect pearl mist to the flowers to give them a shimmery look. It's hard to see in the picture but I really like that shimmery, pearl effect.
Check out his Hot New Video “Problem” a record off of Kid Class latest mixtape “The Extravaganza” here at http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embedded&v=hW70dr57TMU
Gorillas, don't think of this as an end, think of it as a new beginning. The Gorilla is deeply touched by all your love and support, and loves you all back. Trust that The Gorilla will reboot TEAM GORILLA into something just as amazing, if not more so. In the meantime keep tuning in to Facebook for shenanigans, and keep checking out WildGorillaWear for apparel as savage as you are.
That was his excuse for not divulging the information. The risk was so low, that he had made the decision for all his partners. He did the research, he said. He knew best, he said. He made the decision for everyone.
I went much farther than the ones that claim to give you what I have given you already…
Will to my sense bend no licentious ear,
So social networking has been around at least since 1979, when Duke University graduate students Tom Truscott and Jim Ellis, and Steve Bellovin, a graduate student at the University of North Carolina, created the USENET software and installed it on the first two sites: “duke” and “unc,” which were connected by a relatively new network (created in 1969) called the Internet.
October 15th: Logan Library panel and signing with fellow authors Elana Johnson (Possession) and Tyler Whitesides (Janitors).
'Global economy': David Cameron refuses to erect 'trade barriers'
little over a month separation and was preparing what would have been our third homesince I was 14 or 15 years old. I was out of work and in the coming two weeks were my step-son and my daughters birthdays… (I tell you this not to trivialize the events that
Wednesday: Vacuuming
As an insurance policy, W and X kidnap Lt. Susan Watson (Linda Miller), Lt. Commander Jiro Nomura (Akira Takarada) and Commander Carl Nelson (Rhodes Reason). Seems Big 'N' Hairy developed a crush on Susan when she and the boys went native on Mondo Island, and he does what she tells him to. After much ne'er-do-well plotting, scheming, threatening and other stuff, Real Kong escapes and hightails his banana-lovin' keister for Tokyo (as if there were a doubt he would). Susan and company also break out of North Pole oppression, but W and his minions follow with Klang Kong, Susan is grabbed up by the faux-bot promptly and taken high atop Tokyo Tower (since it would have cost too much to get The Empire State Building overseas) and a battle ensues between Kong and his robotic replica.
I am a movie geek, anyone who knows me knows how much I watch movies, music DVDs, etc.
In honor of the big shopping weekend and Cyber Monday, I managed to talk my wonderful husband into a free shipping and discount code that is good this weekend ONLY! We hardly EVER do this, so if there is anything you want, I highly suggest that you take advantage of it now! You can use both of them at once, and both are good through Monday 11-28 at Midnight. Here they are:
“Allow me,” he said in a low voice, his other hand slipping up along the back of her calf, his fingers tracing a pattern that seemed somehow programmed to compel her body into a state of liquid complaisance. He cupped the sole of her shoe, pulling it off her foot at the heel and working toward her toes.
A conversation at the dinner table tonight went like this:
I'm really feeling right now that I have to work on myself. It might be an obvious statement, but what I mean is that I don't feel that too much time will be spent rehashing old hurts. I think things will be brought up and then they will be worked through, but I think for the most part rebuilding my relationship with myself and my self-esteem will be the main goal in working with Kristina. I think that if I can accomplish those things, a good relationship with myself and a healthy self-esteem and sense of self-worth, it will act as a buffer to some of the negative things I will encounter in dealing with Jermaine as Myles' father, or other negative situations and people in general.
i used the adorable lint PRIMA's "mommy and me" collection. the punched border around the pictures is made with martha stewart "stars" edge punch.
I have made myself a dream to dream
There are so many more moments like this, large and small, that I can’t begin to describe them all here. And the truth is, most of the best moments weren’t the big momentous events, but the average Thursday night, when we wandered down the street and slid onto a barstool, only to find Joe Costa there, or Molly and Lindsay, Amy, Kay, Joi, Tony, Albert, Martha (miss you, Sweet Lady), Sailor Bob, Old Man Bob (RIP, my friend), Judge ____, an iconic rock star, or any of a cast of regular characters that became the colorful cornerstones of a richly-lived life, complete with hosts of friends, more than a few excellent cocktails, and the telling of many, many unforgettable stories.
So how do you share your expertise with your target audience? Through writing and speaking. And it starts with being able to get your core ideas down on paper in a way that catches your audience’s attention and compels them to action.
(It's also a very attractive book, with raised detailing on the cover, and black and white illustrations that enhance the story. At least, for those who chose to take time away from reading to look at illustrations, which, in a case like this one where I am engrossed in the story, isn't me).
Of course, the problem that both Gay and Jeter have right now is that the next opportunity to run for gold isn't until 2011 - as next year is an "off season" without a major championship. Gay has had the unfortunate luck to have been injured now, for two Majors in a row - though he was still able to garner silver with his 9.71 dash. Jeter, on the other hand, has not been able to master her start in a Major - which has been the big difference between her 10.83/10.90 runs in Berlin and her 10.67/10.64 runs in Greece and China!
He didn't go anywhere, and we tried again. This time they planned to inject his little swimmers into my egg (ICSI)...there would be no getting away if we do that! Shards of my optimism returned intermittently.
I wrote the things that were so excellent about losing 54 pounds, and I forgot the primary reason I was so inspired to start in the first place, the Horrible Heartburn! It was the reason I went to the doctor one year ago. It had gotten so bad, it plagued me not just at night, but all day long. If I leaned over to pick something up, I had stomach acid in my throat. The over-the-counter meds I was taking no longer worked. As soon as I lost the first 12 pounds, it went a way. It hasn't come back. I don't miss it. I even forgot all about it, enough to not remember to list it as one of the bonuses of losing some pounds. Wow. We had chicken wings for dinner last night, hot Buffalo wings. I didn't have even a trace of heartburn.
Oregano and Romano Cheese on top
- Chest and spine attachment for the necklace, right and leaft hand for the bracelet.
Over the knee boots are so hot right now. Actually, they are hott. Or hawt. Whatevs.
I will email Melodylanedesigns with the details :)
As soon as I saw the gorgeous cover for DESTINED months ago, I emailed Jessie Harrell and practically begged her to move up her publication date. Unfortunately, she couldn’t do that . . . but I was quick to pounce on her offer to review an ARC. See, I have a semi-obsession with Greek Mythology retellings and what I loved so much about DESTINED is the fresh new couple, Psyche and Eros. Not knowing much about their original myth, I was ready to be swept away by their love story and eagerly dove in.
about the Son of Man will be fulfilled.
The fall…
You'll also be giving yourself the opportunity to connect with new blogs, ramp your blogging mojo right up and have a whole lot of fun. I like to think that Blogtoberfest is a celebration of the best things about blogging - self expression, creativity, community and fun. It's also a great way to celebrate the ordinary and every day.
Its very name, 234NEXT, signalled a departure from the ho-hum titles of newspapers, not just in Nigeria, but worldwide. The prefix, by the way, is the international dialing code for Nigeria.
OK, I survived my first Zumba class...but I can tell I am going to be sore...I already am...
February 14th. Yes, Valentines Day. True, it is the hallmark for red roses, chick-flicks, first dates, and candy grams.
Mayor Goodrich was the first person to die of the epidemic. He died on August 31st, 1878. You may visit the The Yellow Fever Martyrs Church and Museum (circa 1841) East College Ave., Holly Springs, MS 38635, 662-252-3669, Museum dedicated to preserving the legacy of seven Catholic martyrs who gave their lives during the Yellow Fever epidemic of 1840. Open by appointment only.
Ignaz Goldziher (Hungarian orientalist):
In his suit, Mohd Razali Abdullah, 49, claimed that Ooi had slandered him repeatedly and caused defamatory statements to be published by newspapers, websites and news portals in 2009 when he was a municipal councillor, and some of the defamatory words were repeated in newspapers in January 2010.
Easy monday's in where I review romantic comedies.
Head on over to the Totally Papercrafts site to check out this week's challenge as well as the other DT members' cards. "Hoppy" Friday! :)
Then we were let out into the world to figure out how to fit this new "treatment" into our lives.
The sheer scale of the conflict of interest and the destruction of notions of good governance is staggering. How could anyone discipline or question the inaction or actions of the Treasurer of the Ruling Party and the Finance Director of the financial group which was its largest donor?
We took a hayride through the lights. Mike and I tried to sit across from the kids but Ashley wanted to sit next to me. Here is her response to my attempt to make her sit with her sisters and take a picture.
What I found instead was the 3 dogs, one on each couch in the living room, eating the bagels they had ripped from the grocery bags found on the floor – dog level where us owners had conveniently left them.
There is a lot of steamy scenes and a strong story line of the Feral Warriors that were interesting , the side characters had more depth than the main, still I love the Farel Warriors Series so far and is looking forward to the war between the Good and the Bad
surrounding villages...
No more Jints and Dodgers in a riot.
And prate of being "happy as a clam!"
http://www.fultonstreetbid.bravehost.com. Please let teamtish know how you feel about the BID, by leaving your comments in the comment section of this post.
And, I argue, that pedal can easily over-romanticize a work to the point that Bach sounds like Chopin or Liszt. Not good. But I also acknowledge that it can help reveal the hidden emotionalism and passion lurking deep within every piece of Baroque music. Very good.
My couple and their guests were a lot of fun and great sports! They had a lovely renewal ceremony and I was sad to have to turn in my pass and leave the ship so they could embark on their weekend journey.
AWP: What was your most memorable meal to date?
Mute/unmute
Gits.
In the days before canned frosting my mom always made her own. She didn't mind using a box mix more often than not, but frosting? She made several different ones, but had a special one that we all especially loved. 7 minute frosting, it was so fun to watch her make it. The test of being perfect? Hang it upside down in the bowl. The best part was after she put it on the cake and it sat for awhile, the outside would get a little crunchy . . .
I am Midas in reverse,
This kid is like a bee…..keeps on pollinating.
I listened to his notes
President Barack Obama has signed a waiver to remove curbs on funding to the Palestinian Authority, declaring the aid to be “important to the security interests of the United States.”
Bohemian's newest seasonal is an obscure traditional lager that hails from a small area of northeastern Bavaria near the Czech Republic, known as Zoigl Bier.
Guess you had to be there.
The common rebuttal to that goes like this, “If you know something, then you can’t be wrong about it. In order to know something you must be 100% certain, but you say that you aren’t 100% certain the sun will rise tomorrow/that god does not exist, therefore you have faith in such things.”
Lachlain is a sexy lycan that has been tortured by vampires for 150 years. Which means he pretty much hates them as race. After he smells the presence of his mate nearby, he escapes the dungeon he is chained up in to find her.
Jinx –I Saw Your Face –nice clean copy of this great BelgoGlam 2-sider
But as United fell to their second league defeat to their noisy neighbours, questions must now be asked. The reliance on their ageing legs symbolises a bigger problem at United – something that may cost them a 20th league title. As romantic a storyline as it is to witness Scholes lace his boots up at the call of Sir Alex Ferguson, it points to deeper issues in a club that has been underfunded ever since the Glazer takeover.
Decker
Parker has written at the foot of the letter, “I pray you send me the commission for the oath taking & c. by your next trusty messenger.”
Gelly Roll - White
Gai draws a big-ass sword out of her, changes the floor to a Risk grid, elevates it way above Shu and Gai, and sends her on her merry way to usher in the apocalypse.
credits: pst love christmas
The stone walls of my patio were built in the 1950's-1960's by my grand parents. They would take their vacations and travel around the western United States. They brought back rocks from all of the states they went to. I just wish I knew which ones came from where.
“It was you, was it not?” I forced the words out, even though they pained me to say them. “Trapped? Tortured?”
Anyhow, once I had the rods up, I was able to clip up my panels. Now, one other thing I should mention is that the packages come with 10 clips each. I had Chris purchase two, giving me 20 clips. I used 12 on the normal window since those panels were wider, and only 8 on the dormer window since I knew the narrower panels would be ok with just 4 clips each.
Hello Blog, I'm back!
So here's the code: JLE4473
I’ll tell you something for nothing – it’s all you can do to get the kids to deliver the school mail, let alone read the stuff! But even if they did, kids are not brain-dead sponges who are going to take up binge-drinking because Mum and Dad have been invited to the school Trivia Night and are allowed to bring a drink. Is my preppy a wound spring just waiting for the signal to skoll a six-pack of Bourbon & Cola before going to the railway station to throw haymakers at bogans because the School Council has arranged a wine tasting?
06. Love's Gonna Live Here Again*
Fiona Tan’s current project on view at the MCA consists of six double sided projection screens arranged in a circle around a group of benches. Entering the space, you encounter these screens projecting video portraits of prison guards and inmates both outwards into the gallery and into the inner circle. The portraits are shot from the knees up, a pose typically found in cinema, and the approximately three hundred images loop in a montage, not connected by any narrative.
From Taizz we covered our faces and hopped in a shared taxi that would take us to Aden. Road trips are an excellent time to chew qat.
Some people seem to think that Seeds of Death is not as good as Ice Warriors. Personally, I never compare complete stories to incomplete stories. I found the Ice Warriors rather boring, but then the missing episode probably did not help.
Also this week, I've fallen and I can't get up playing with Lily who has decided to not hate me. She still sheds hair like it is going out of style, and she's still skinny as hell.
We eventually moved on to the front yard, where I was eying up the garden, and telling it to weed itself(it didn’t listen, much to everyone’s surprise). The kids busied themselves by shoveling soil into their buckets, and then dumping it elsewhere in the garden. They tell me that the soil is “stinky dirt”, but my nose is still a little stuffed, so I don’t know if they’re right or not. It’s never stunk before, so I would imagine that they’re wrong.
Thomas was a late ‘70s/early ‘80s synth-pop pioneer, probably most famous for his singles ‘She Blinded me with Science’ and ‘Hyperactive’ (very popular but not the best examples of his work), who later went on to produce music for the likes of Stevie Wonder, Joni Mitchell and Prefab Sprout, to name but a few. During his time in California in the late ‘90s, he started a company, out of Silicon Valley, that developed the software which drives the ringtones in 3 billion+ mobiles. And for the last 10 years or so, he’s been the musical director of TED Global. One hell of a bio. You can find out more about the man and his work here.
What does the Bible say about reaching the world for Christ? Over and over the Word of God says, “Go” not “Congregate.” Yes, we come together and we are not to “forsake assembling ourselves together as some have done,” but that is so we can be encouraged and equipped to go do the work.
So there it is. I learned a lesson I will no doubt have forgotten and fret over again in October at the next big show. That being the case and as nothing EVER starts on time, I’ll stop panicking.
1 ounce Hallertau (2.5% AA) 20 minutes
cramped on my cooling mug,
But its terrains are teary and tough.
Polarized has a silver base colour that is filled with multi coloured glitter mixed about. Unlike many of the other polishes in this collection, the silver base of Polarized does not have any colour shifting.
Unemployment benefits, again, puts money in the pockets of folks who are out there knocking on doors trying to find a job every day. Giving them those resources, that puts more money into the economy and that potentially improves it — improves the climate for businesses to want to hire.
As you all know, at home I have a a big dog named "Blue" (Weimarana) He is a super dog with loads of really wonderful points. However, our Blue Boy appears to suffer with what I like to call - Only DOG syndrome. This consists of crying when being left, pacing, jealousy etc: So, we took it upon ourselves to sort this little Blue Boy problem out. And, sort it we did. That's right. We sorted it with this little girly ...
Liverpool. City of big hair, orange tans, thick Scouse accents. City of my sweet friend Maia, who has none of those things. We spent a four-day weekend alternately braving the city and retreating to fuel up on milky tea and cardamom muffins at her flat. It was sort of like running between a cold swimming pool and a hot jacuzzi. My toes are still tingling.
AND YOU MAKE IT THAT FUCKING AWFUL
Keep lights turned off.
Batwoman; JH Williams III and W Haden Blackman (DC Comics)
I used the sick Henry the mouse stamp by Whiff of Joy, saying "get well wishes" is by Lili of the Valley, "hatschi" - which means atishoo in german - is computer generated. The sketch I used for the front of the box is by Don´t Waste Your Thursday:
Some years later, the seamstress was walking with her husband along the riverbank, and her husband fell into the river and disappeared under the water. When she cried out, the Lord again appeared and asked her, 'Why are you crying?'
I want to support my favorite charities and delight when my work fills a need. When I can help a friend or relative, it is a blessing for both of us. Usually.
magazine and our radio show!
And the new piece looks fantastic in the family room:
Yesterday was our big Volunteer of the Year ceremony for our installation. Every installation does things differently according to their individual budgets. At Hood we had an amazing ceremony, here they do things on a smaller scale. It was still a nice ceremony and lots of volunteers were recognized.
And then we all hugged good bye and wished those little people well as they trod the familiar path to the gate for the last time.
If only those medical witnesses were exposed who were found credible in the secret family court and wait to be examined in the criminal court. For Sir Nicholas Wall said “professionals don’t lie” and thus no judge would question his judgment.
As I’m writing this review in the same week as ANZAC Day, I’d like to make the point that, by placing Fanny Durack, an Olympian, first in the book, the author or editor has, in my opinion, erred. The point of sport, in the early Australian national character, was to convert the young, muscular men from our colony into beef for the mincer of war. Australia didn’t lose the highest percentage of its adults to combat of any combatant country during the First World War by accident. It was design, and sport was central to that design.
This I AM Presence of yours is your protection. You are Divine protection. You do not need outside protection of any kind. You are a Divine being, physically walking on this planet. You have a choice of how you walk this planet. You do not need to walk around in fear if you do not want to. Stop hiding from what you think are difficult situations. The second you face the difficult situation head on, is the moment you will feel peace. It is in not facing our dilimmas that we mount up the difficulty.
These debates are a farce and a detriment to the electoral process. All they do is open Republicans to mocking by a liberal-biased media. To hell with the debates because they do not serve Republicans at all.
The cover claims Massey is “Doing the Right Thing with Energy” and is strewn with pictures of guys with helmets squatting in streams, studying emergency medical techniques and smiling at the camera from deep inside a mountain, happy to be alive (for now). Safety is again a key theme, and it’s noted that Massey had its safest year in 2008, as measured by something called “non-fatal days lost, or NFDL”. A graph shows coal mining’s 4.7 incident rate per 100 full-time workers ranks the industry as slightly better than retail trade. I guess NFDLs make as good a measuring tool as anything, even if numbers could be slightly skewed when killed employees show up for their regular shifts as scheduled (more common than one might think, especially as Sears).
carolee sherwood deb scott
*3: The mPCIe 2.0 x1 slot is located on mPCIe Combo™ expansion card.
Congratulations 30/30 NapoWrimo supremos (sorry)! Have you enjoyed the ride? Do tell…
It does get a little long in the last act, but considering this was meant to be seen over two nights, it’s pretty interesting. I wouldn’t recommend it for anyone under 12 due to it being fairly long and verbal. Everyone else may find it of slight interest, especially if you’re a Classical music lover.
Do they touch your pen, pray tell…
The reason I find it offensive is that it is cynical and hypocritical. In fact, when the cameras are turned off, the influence of big business on government policy is immense, and the thought given to small business is nonexistent.
Dir/Animator; Steven Spencer, Prod; Nice Monster Prods, 9 mins, (London), 2011 (Animation)
Why would we pretend to be something we are not, or allow our medical condition to be fraudulently politicized for only the benefit of an outsider's conflicting agenda?
Richardson said senior figures including Adam Schiff of the House intelligence committee, Anna Eshoo, on the subcommittee on communications and technology, plus 28 congressional Republicans had voted against the bill.
I never thought ever that we’d be removed from Dale Farm because it wasn’t a green belt – that’s just a lie covering up prejudice. It was a scrapyard, and how can they call a scrapyard greenbelt land? I thought I’d be there forever and so would my kids. A lot of people used to say ‘why do you want to stay together?’ But that’s what a community is: it’s one big group of people who love and trust each other and don’t want to be parted. It really was the perfect world to bring your children up.
It takes not only nearly two months to arrest him, but he also goes on a social networking site and raises more than $200,000 for his “stand your ground” defense in a situation where he was clearly NOT acting out of self-defense. Trayvon Martin, the young black man that he killed “unnecessarily,” was not only not bothering him, but certainly wasn’t breaking into his home, nor abusing Zimmerman when it happened.
Pod had the good sense to let me have a nap this afternoon, which helped, and has gone to bed early himself so as not to face my wrath. I'm no good company to anyone right now.
Welcoming the King
Shadow Music by Julie Garwood. Great book.
“Well fellers, that’s all he ordered.” The fourth and last hundred pound sack of seed threw up a cloud of dust as it bounced on to the oak boards of the Chevy truck.
Yesterday I gave up on a story that seemed a really good idea four or five months ago. But it went stale. I went back to try to revive it, but I think its condition is terminal. Maybe it's just in a coma and if I sit with it for long enough it will come round and smile and we can carry on from where we left off... But I don't think so. Time to turn off life-support.
3 extra-large eggs, room temperature
I've decided to own that. I felt like a failure, embarrassed by my lack of birthing decorum, but the more I read other women's birth stories the more peace I find with absolutely freaking out.
Unite and let your love and the fact that after every disappointment you still believe in this sorry species indict them.
They immediately caught my attention as I walked past.
Fracture DJs have been musically as active as ever, even if our blogging habits have failed us :P.
I have to be picky & not always say yes to every event, party or coffee date that comes my way.
Can’t wait until May the 10th when i can have lotssss of wine.
That night at a local watering hole, they can’t even get the beautiful lady bartender to even look at them or acknowledge Gianni’s repeated grazie, grazie (thank you – thank you). Maybe they really have become invisible.
Is GotY really the best gaming movie ever made? By the end, I was convinced. Joke all you want about the bar being set low, but this is an indie comedy that has solid writing, believable acting, real heart, and also happens to be about tabletop RPG gamers. That combination is pretty unprecedented and, frankly, impressive.
Sweet Mother is updated daily. If you’d like to follow this blog, you can do so by clicking the “follow” button at the top of the page.
ademelle
Hey guys! I know I haven't been posting a lot for a while but I do have a good excuse. I have been participating in NaNoWriMo. That stands for National Novel Writing Month.
According to information posted on his Facebook, Mr Liu graduated from the National Junior College in 2009 after which he went on to pursue his tertiary education at Georgetown University on a MOE scholarship in the United States.
I’ve been so lazy.
November 29 had surgery to remove a wandering hemo clip that "wandered" from a prior surgery to a most uncomfortable place.
Unless you like mooning a crowd.
Overall, I think Suspicion would be a pretty awesome book for those who like stories about
A neighbor actually saved the day. Read my post about "Southern Neighbors" to see what happened.
“In the midst of destruction, natural disasters, corruption, and a collapsing economy, AZIATIX reminds us that there is always hope and light even in the darkest of days.”
ignoring that message ever since.
Once upon a time, a police service who often faced calls to help restrain patients for enforced medication took legal advice on the subject from a barrister who specialised in criminal and mental health law. They did so not only because they faced regular calls and wanted to understand their responsibilities and obligations, but also because they had been severely criticised for doing so after patients complained and wanted to understand where the line was over which they should not step. They were kind enough to share that barrister’s view written opinion with me. It can be paraphrased as follows:
Hi all!! May 2nd is Baby Day, celebrating babies and the miracle of new life! So I thought it would be the perfect time to share a diaper cake I made for a co-worker, who is home with his new bundle of joy as I type this! Pink and brown are the colors in the baby's nursery. I love this color combo, and was excited to use it on this cake! Now normally when I make one of these, I roll the diapers and use rubber bands. However, it came to me--the last thing new parents want to deal with when changing a baby on a changing table is a bunch of elastic! So I tried a technique I found on momaroo's blog with some changes. I used curling ribbon to form and hold the tiers together before adding the ribbon you see here. I still used a paper towel roll in the middle to give it a little more support, and hide a few goodies inside the cake. Here's a top view:
‘We made it dark because she’s become really sensitive to the light. So if you could just hold back from shining anything in her eyes that’d be great. Thank you.’
'Cause they all sit and stare
I don’t care which flowers they offer. Perhaps camellia blooming in the wild along
Ten years. Have I stressed that enough?
We’ve barely been watching HSN or QVC, since with our DNA a new iPod or Nook doesn’t really float our boats.
I'm counting down the days until we will be walking down you again!
*The janitor comes by again, and carries the bag into the room.*
That said, however, this is still an intriguing proposal for economic democracy – and perhaps Wilde is right in saying that it only seems alien and dangerous to us in the same way (and for the same reasons) that political democracy seemed alien and dangerous in the days of male-landowner suffrage.
I know I just talked about the Trayvon Martin murder yesterday, but I think that this topic warrants a continued discussion. About two months ago, I had written a length post about racial relations in this country, and the stagnation in the civil rights movement. I had written his, but then lost the text, and could not remember exactly what I wrote, and have not yet re-written it.
An initial assessment of the collection carried out by Alan Bekhuis (a now well known New Zealand photographic artist) prior to Donald’s appointment set in place the beginnings of the preservation programme that he furthered.
But let’s also look at it in more immediate terms. We tend think of food insecurity as an inner city problem or a rural issue. But food insecurity abounds in well-to-do, suburban communities. It can be someone in your child’s classroom. We know the health implications. Children who struggle with hunger are more likely experience headaches, stomachaches, colds, ear infections and fatigue. But the emotional and social impact is much deeper. As the documentary showed, children at risk of hunger feel shame and insecurity. According to Share Our Strength, children who regularly do not get enough nutritious food to eat can be more aggressive and anxious. Teens who regularly do not get enough to eat have difficulty getting along with other kids.
The basic liberal/progressive/leftist argument for socialized medicine is “we should do this even if it IS illegal and unconstitutional, because it’s the right thing to do so the supreme court should uphold it”.
So my idea is to document my love affair with Stephen King. Okay, maybe I need to rephrase that to my love affair with the writings of Stephen King. To do that, let me set the stage a bit first.
HUHS is home to the fifth oldest dental school in the nation. In 1881, the College of Dentistry began as program within the Medical Department. Faculty taught practical dentistry to the medical students. N.W. Whitcomb, DDS was awarded professorship in June 1882, and the 1883-1884 school year brought the first formal session of the dentistry program.
when we got out house down the shore - everything was forest - 30 mins to food market - now only 2 mins - there was nothing but nature down there - and it was beautiful and glorious - lots of wildlife roaming in the woods and it made my heart sing in glory! - luckily where i live on the water, the front of my house is wet lands and now a nature preserve so nasty builders can't buy it up and build - thank god or i'd have a heat attack!
This was another busy week and I really liked the way the two pages came together - lots of bright colors and lots of the "everyday" documented". Above is a photo of both pages together with the 6x12 journaling insert (it's a Cathy Zielske template from Designer Digitals). Below is a closer look at that (I'm not sure if you can actually read it, but if you click on the photo you might be able to if you care about the nitty gritty of our week). The highlights of the week were the Superbowl and booking our Disneyland vacation package (which actually happens next week!! YAY!).
Update: 4/19 9:05 a.m. (The next day…) Fermentation started. Not terribly vigorous, but in my experience 64°F is pretty low. If the yeast seems to peter out before too long, I may raise the temperature and rouse the yeast.
Now it's time to announce the lucky winner of week #152's 'Lovely Lace' challenge, who has won a fantastic $20 voucher from 7 Kids College Fund...
What's beyond the edge of that?
Dr. Radha Krishnan
4.albertsson-hansen architects
I think there's something weird and wrong about laying a wager on one's own misfortune.
Miss. Spring sashayed into my yard a couple of weeks ago, knotted her eyebrows at the budding annuals and perennials in my flower beds, and refused to utter one word of encouragement, let alone praise.
How To Plan A Colorful Flower Garden
After a while, we then arrived at Pasar Seni LRT station at 8am. One of the gathering point of the pre-rally is Pasar Seni- the central market, but at that time around 8am, the area still seemef to be quite empty.
Real life has hit me pretty hard the last couple of weeks, what with having to relocate for my husband’s job, looking for somewhere to live in a city I’m completely unfamiliar with as well as dealing with job interviews for myself. So when I read this post by Matty from Sugar and Blood I knew I had to respond.
co-operation for your children and reward
Back in January I purchased a shampoo and conditioner from the Tara Smith range (you can check out that post here )
Ladies, don’t believe that you have to follow the rules… or choose to re-write them for yourself.
Best Catered - Cowgirl Cupcakes
There's a little sweetness to this brew, but otherwise the malt has no further contributions to the flavor which I suspect is exactly the idea. It rates 100 ibu's and you can taste every one of them, but has this nice pineapple, tropical fruit vibe to the sticky bitterness. It's one of the most imbalanced Imperial IPA's out there, which is meant as a compliment.
After years of trying to ignore his lifestyle and keeping it hidden from my friends, it all came to light and I had to deal with it. In jail for sexual assault of minors, my brother faced a life sentence because of his prior convictions.
to Puerto Rican voyagers on Riverside.
lung disease
There is a feeling of joy, power and fullness which is steadily increasing every minute.
My daughter will be going into 4th grade next year. Since I taught 4th grade more than any other, this is my specialty! There are so many fun books to choose from. I plan to start off with one of my favorite books, Charlie and the Chocolate Factory! This was one of my very favorite units to teach and I can't wait to have that fun with my daughter!
The authors stress “the necessity of resistance against hegemonic liberal U.S. feminisms that reinforce Orientalist and racist discourse on Arab and Muslim women.” In particular they want to end white feminist assumptions that a monolithic Islam is their only problem. They are tired of being asked to discuss specifics like the veil, the harem, or female circumcision, rather than the racism and imperialism against which Arab and Arab American women struggle. In particular, they are angry that feminists blamed all Arab women’s problems on the patriarchal religion, even while accepting the patriarchal elements central to Christianity and Judaism. Leila Ahmed made the same point about non-Arab women reworking their own religious heritages while demanding that Moslem women totally reject Islam.
During the 1981 riots politicians and media tried to pretend they were not Black but "Youth" riots because some Whites joined in.
These basic facts are, among my fellow cross-cultural researchers, so obvious and commonplace as to be tedious. We are certainly all very weary of repeating them, endlessly, to audiences who either cannot or will not accept their validity. Much of my professional life has been spend on alcohol-related research and my colleagues and I have been trotting out the same irrefutable evidence for over a decade, every time our expertise is called upon by government departments, police conferences, worried brewers and other concerned agencies.
I made these a couple of weeks ago for my sister-in-law's birthday. I started with a vintage dragonfly image from The Graphics Fairy. I had some ceramic tiles from Lowe's in my stash. I only had three 4x4 tiles and one larger one so she got 3 coasters and 1 trivet as a set. I had picked up an old dictionary from the thrift store for 25 cents. (It wasn't priced and I am a regular face there, so I think she pretty much gave it to me!)
In what Whedon has called a 'loving hate letter', the producer/writer/director of Buffy the Vampire Slayer, Firefly, an astonishing run on Marvel Comics' Astonishing X-Men, internet favourite Dr. Horrible and the upcoming big budget wouldbe boffo The Avengers, says this of The Cabin in the Woods: "On another level it's a serious critique of what we love and what we don't about horror movies. I love being scared. I love that mixture of thrill, of horror, that objectification/identification thing of wanting definitely for the people to be alright but at the same time hoping they’ll go somewhere dark and face something awful. The things that I don't like are kids acting like idiots, the devolution of the horror movie into torture porn and into a long series of sadistic comeuppances. Drew and I both felt that the pendulum had swung a little too far in that direction." And rip it to shreds they do, but in the most alluring manner indeed. We, like the characters herein, know we are going to a dark and dangerous place, but we, like they, ignore the warning signs, no matter how blatant they may very well be, and proceed forward anyway, knowing full well our doom awaits us at the end of the journey.
And the good news is, if you’re too ugly to get fucked, the Smartards can help you there too. Because even medical school is now plagued with Smartards as well.
1 lemon
The first time I was in New York I realized, as everyone instantly does, that this was not only a real city, but the real city.
At the end of the first round I was left wondering how the Rams had traded out of the second overall position all the way back to No. 14? I wasn’t the only one, Super Bowl MVP and former Rams quarterback Kurt Warner displayed his frustration on Twitter, (I mention this because I got a reply from him, no big deal.)
This is not a particularly American quandary, but imagine what must run through a poor little pop singer’s head these days when she sits down to write, or in Ke$ha’s case, to text her next song. “How can I please my audience, please myself, and continue to make tons of money?” Which brings us back to that US flag dress she wears in the video for “We R Who We R.” As my Austrian wife is fond of reminding me, Americans are some of the only people in the world who signal their national identity with the word “we.” We Americans do love a good flag dress. In fact, it may be that for us, the only thing more empowering than empowerment is patriotism.
"Okay, what do you want for it?" I asked, playin' along.
Gossip Girl
I had so much fun with this card. I have a soft place in my heart for Pooh and all of his friends.
Wet hair thoroughly and apply the mixture to the hair, massaging it in well.
Happy October dear friends! September sure flew by fast! Fall us sure upon us - just the perfect season of great weather & fabulous nature.
Handed down three times
-Maternity and Paternity Leave
Tampa Bay Buccaneers: A+
Open Market Value (OMV): $23,421
To reach it you have to drive to the road’s end at Pubil, where the Lubreoch hydro-electric damn (sic) holds back the waters of Loch Lyon. From here a small track skirts the north shore of the loch, into the Glen’s most westerly marches”
The five contracted players
Hoping for greener lusher plants and flowers.
This was the mat where the kids mostly played, and apparently the jugglers lol. This guy was alot of fun and was generous in sharing his stuff when he wasn't using it.
something garden-y and beach-y. wait you know what, who cares about my wedding, i’m more concerned about my hen’s nite out.
‘David Cameron yesterday attacked judges for using European human rights laws to usher in a privacy law by the back door. The Prime Minister said he was ‘uneasy’ about the way the courts are issuing ‘super-injunctions’ to prevent the media reporting allegations about the rich and famous. Mr Cameron said it should be up to Parliament, not unelected judges, to decide on the balance between privacy and freedom of the press.’
After setting a birdbath where I could photograph it from a comfortable seat within the house, I filled it with water, put the camera on the tripod and waited, and waited, and waited……..Well, after quite a bit of waiting I finally realized that birds bathed when they wished, and not when I wished them to.
My cold is better but I'm still having a really sore throat every night. Can't wait to be totally better! At least the kids are fixed up now, poor darlings were pretty bad there for a while.
Europa is one of the four moons of Jupiter referred to as the Galilean satellites. Discovered by Galileo in 1610. Europa is the smallest of the four and its landscape is very much like a cracked cue-ball. A relatively young moon and its surface looks like water seeping through faults which may have smoothed the surface ice leaving the long stains. A global ocean may lie in the darkness under ground....under this ice!
Patterns of blood like rorschach ink blots
My Islam is Zen skinheads chanting against reason
Japan really is my home away from home. Even though I wasn’t there, I can see the faces of the peaceful people who are suffering. Ka-san. Tou-san. Ni-san. Ne-san. Oba-san. Oji-san. And unfortunately, I know many of those lost will be elderly.
The Venus Project is an organization that proposes a feasible plan of action for social change, one that works towards a peaceful and sustainable global civilization. It outlines an alternative to strive toward where human rights are no longer paper proclamations but a way of life.
Wish us luck! I hope to post lots of goodies here tomorrow evening! One of the Estate Sales is advertising lots material, laces and such - woo hoo! Hope there's some there when we arrive!
He never made it back to the hotel to take his wife out square-dancing as he had promised. The town Marshall found him in a local saloon at 1:30am that night where he was drunk and passed out on a corner table, only to have to tell him that his wife was dead.
Here is a diagram of how I colored yesterday's sky. I started at the left (1) and colored at a horizontal angle down and to the right. This felt more natural to my hand. I colored in small circles with the chisel end of my marker (because it's larger), keeping all my edges wet and juicy.
I hope you enjoyed my scene selection. If you like this idea for a frequent column on my blog, then I’ll be sure to continue it in the future. I can think of many more scenes to highlight in later posts.
All photography by Meakin Hoffer
A good formula will have 30%-50% butter to flour ratio. This will help to determine how many layers are needed to create the flakiness in a croissant. The more butter, the more flavor but also the more delicate the structure of the layers as you do the turns needed to give you the right results. Am I getting to technical?
“An agnostic is popularly defined as a person who holds to a middle ground between atheism and theism who also believes that the existence of God is a definite possibility but it is not within the realm of one’s knowledge….an agnostic is one who confidently affirms, ‘I don’t know’.”
Overall I really love this brush set, it's perfect to carry along everywhere I go. Would I recommend it? Absolutely yes! This will be a perfect addition to your makeup bag.
The next afternoon I eat delicious trout again by Lake Titicaca while Mika with a shaky stomach chooses a gringo restaurant for a safer option and ends getting the worst pizza on the continent. As we board the bus to Peru after lunch these meals serve as a wonderful metaphor for our entire experience of being travelers and tourists in Bolivia.
This was the fifth occasion we had scored a last minute goal to either win or avoid defeat; and the third time we had come back from two goals down. It was also vindication for Rowe, who had endured a fairly miserable afternoon in front of goal last week at Durley. With fifty points on the board Netley can now afford to lose their final game and still win the league by goal difference over Allbrook - not that you would have known it at around 4:10pm on Saturday. At the final whistle Netley players quickly disappeared into the dressing rooms. If there were any celebrations they were kept behind closed doors and somewhat muted. Perhaps it is because despite winning the title there will be no promotion. The Southampton Football League does not permit reserve teams in its Premier League. If the previous four years of playing against Netley Reserves have been anything to go by very few of these players will stick around next season when the fixture will take place once more. Whether or not that fixture is against an entirely different set of personnel, it is unlikely to produce a game as exciting as what took place on Saturday.
Thankfully, this is the biggest kit I need to make (it has 9 beads per kit). The nine other kits I'd like to create shouldn't take nearly as long... I hope. I couldn't be happier with the way these colors came together. I picked Light Steel Gray (because I think steel drums when I think Caribbean), Turquoise (for the blue of the water), Sunburst Coral (for the sun fun, obviously), Periwinkle (because I thought it brought it all together), and Ivory (because white would have looked terrible). Students taking my Bang A Rangs class will each have one of these kits and the others will be available at the Bead Bazaar in the evenings. Naturally, if there are any left, I'll let y'all have at 'em in my shop.
Former chairman and member of the bar council, Advocate Hilton Epstein, said: “I think we have a reputational crisis and the judiciary and all the judges have been held in the highest esteem in the country and now the judiciary is tainted by all this.
Each subject is demonstrated live on-screen, then the students repeat the process in their own knitting. One-on-one instruction as needed helps ease the way.
To close, I thought I'd share a photo of where I'll be this coming week! I'm thrilled to have earned my 9th trip with Close To My Heart. This one is a 7-day Hawaiian Island cruise. Even though it would have been wonderful to take Dan-the-Man (he and I did this cruise together about 13 years ago), after much discussion we decided it would be an awesome idea for me to take Dawson instead. He is the only member of the family who has never been to Hawaii. So, we surprised him with it on Christmas. SO MUCH FUN! I love working with a company that is so generous with their consultants. Because of their generosity, I have taken my hubby on several cruises, my whole family on one together, and each family member on at least one one-on-one trip with me. These memories and experiences will be cherished by my family and me forever!
I had financial and emotional difficulties as well.
Favorite color: Purple. A rich purple.
Here’s how to vote, tick on the round/square object beside the fansite/s that you want to vote and click the VOTE button.. (Info about the Poll system, *Multiple choice is activated for those who can’t decide *The names are in a random order (not a biased arragement) *People can vote as many times as they want (this may be a cause of commotion, but blocking by cookie and IP address can be problematic for some voters. So if you think the other admins are voting 24/7 for their sites then why don’t you vote for your site 25/8? *Results won’t be published until the date of announcement mentioned above.)
The winners will be picked in one week. Thank you all so much!
I am not sure if these are actually called palace gates. They are across the street from the palace itself. Buckingham Palace is ginormous. Through these gates, there is an entire square around the palace.
Bravo, I say.
The craft room has had a full overhaul. Boxes have been labeled and buttons have been colour grouped. All very satisfying. Apparently we don’t eat mush jarred food in this house, so I had no jars to put the buttons in. We do however drink a lot of bottled water! Genius idea!
I've been learning a lot about amendments to the soil, mulching, feeding, and watering, too. But that's for another day and another blog post.
has some of the highest odds on the tote
Fact; I think Spiderman is sexy. :lD
His earthly soul might court that, not them.
Sorry. Back to the new wonderful Nikon. Is it more wonderful than my D7k? Is it $3000 more wonderful?
One thing I mentioned in that McGinnis post was that Bennett's depiction of Parker on his eight covers varies wildly. It's hard to get a sense of how Bennett sees Parker; for example, on the back of The Seventh, presumably that's Parker in the foreground, but it's also the least characterful guy of the bunch. If we go right back to Bennett's first Parker cover, for The Hunter, the only really distinctive thing about Parker there is the size of his hands (which Bennett surely got from Stark/Westlake's memorable description of them near the start of the novel). And if we compare the Parker on The Hunter to the one on the back of The Seventh, well, those are two completely different people. I guess you could make a case for the Parker on the covers of The Outfit (1963) and The Mourner (1964) being the same as the one on The Hunter, but I've got no idea which, if any, of the people sitting in the cab of the truck on the cover of The Score (1964) is Parker, and the incidental Parkers on The Jugger (1965) and The Handle are different guys again.
And thus we arrive at the final piece of confession. It is a truth that I concealed so well that I didn’t even realize it until midway through writing this post. This truth is that I have been trying to fix things myself. I have been trying to correct my own errors without help from anyone. I think it’s time to admit that it doesn’t work.
Kaiser Chiefs I predict a riot UK
Because of the challenges, not all cruisers get to see the East side. But, there are lots of hotels and lots of tourists running around on jet ski's, diving, snorkeling, and all the rest of the water sports. Lots of activity during the day, but very quiet at night.
On that note...
Ever wanted to drive a car as fast as you can? It’s your chance this weekend, no need to know the traffic rules, no need for a driving license! Be the fastest INTERNeX candidate to arrive at the finish line and speed up to sign up – CLICK HERE!
I have the most striking beautiful flowers.
6 Susan Alfaro W Alhambra, CA 9:29.8 29:30.22
“Do you want these?” he asked. Under the baby blanket, the deep cart was filled to the brim with the combined works of Marx, Engels and Lenin in Polish, Russian and German. Nikita Khrushchev had just made a speech denouncing Stalin and shattering the utopian castle that my “uncle” and millions like him in the European intelligentsia had built in their heads, none more so than the Jews.
If desired, slice into squares and sprinkle with icing sugar.
As you read his letter, note the duress the teachers are working under, and look at the way his teaching must be stripped of anything that might be construed as "promoting resentment" and therefore a violation of the law. At the bottom of his letter, I'm reposting an audio recording (presented in video format) of his meeting with administrators regarding how he can and cannot teach The Tempest.
The album garnered accolades and awards in Iceland last year, but seems to have gotten a second wind now internationally. How are you feeling about that?
Dogs Got A Bone
If you have given your life to Jesus Christ.
She’s always been there
“You are going to be back in town in peak traffic on a Friday afternoon”.
Anyone who has ever planned a corporate event understands just how important it is to find the right kind of quality entertainment that does not offend a professional audience. A good Comedian Booking agency understands that as well and provides appropriate entertainment for your corporate event entertainment and does not try to push a comedian or entertainer on you that could possibly hurt your professional career. What's more, they literally work with thousands of entertainers so that they and you have plenty of choices for the big day.
Me- "Stop monkey"
we’ve chosen to slowly die. Alone.
Shankar was enjoying this exotic beauty. In fact, he was lost in his thoughts while staring at the savannah. Beyond that baobab tree, southwards to Cape Town, spread the whole continent, containing mountain ranges, lost cities of Zanj and Zimbabwe, the huge and hazardous Kalahari Desert, lands of diamond and lands of gold…
Book Source: Review Copy from Sourcebooks. Thank-you!
Being Sunday, we sang all Patriotic songs, it took me just a moment to remember why, and then I found myself getting emotional. I felt overwhelming pride to be an American, to live in this free country. The 3rd verse of America the Beautiful struck me today while we were singing it.
This tasty dessert crepe is begging for it's own tradition! We made these Thanksgiving morning and it seemed the perfect sweet treat to have mid-morning before the big meal at the end of the day.
No more, the Smoking Mills!
It's difficult to come up with a product to mandate that would keep soldiers from being quartered in our houses, or a product that would prevent search and seizures, but you guys are clever. You found a right to health care that never existed in 235 years of the Republic, so you'll find something to mandate.
Vandaag heb ik weer een Magnolia kaartje voor jullie dames.
Ten days later, after coming within sight of the Great Wall of China (which is north of Peking, therefore Jonah, coming from the south, rode PAST Peking and then back!), Jonah is at the palace. His escorts leave and Jonah uses his rope to scale the palace wall in the darkness. He strangles one guard and stabs another.
Originally a humble peasant dish, polenta is now on the best restaurant menus in America and has made its way to become a staple in many home kitchens. This versatile dish can be grilled, fried, sautéed and broiled.
Now, large-breasted women may need the support from bras. Jogging and other active sports may be painful even for medium-breasted ladies. This is, however, an individual thing, so do what is comfortable for you.
On to other topics now! We've had a really fun week. Yesterday Jerry got together with his friend Josh and we all ended up going to see some music together at the Hammer Museum.
It took a fair bit of manoeuvering to get the chest into our workshop, and a lot of rearranging of our existing furniture (this plan chest is massive) but now it’s nicely nestled in the corner of our studio and gives me another vast cutting desk for measuring out fabric and cutting patterns on.
When you take a look at the layout for this summer’s movies, you will be hard pressed to find a weekend where a superhero will not be top at the box office. Starting May 4th with the premiere of The Avengers we will be treated to what I will be calling “Superhero Summer.” Yet superheroes will not be the only ones at the cinema this much anticipated, movie-filled summer as we have Universal’s Battleship, a number of pointless sequels in the form of Step Up 4, Men in Black III, and The Expendables 2, and let us not forget about summer’s latest trademark, animation, where we get Pixar’s new project, Brave, and another installment to the Ice Age franchise. It seems the only people that will feel the burn of this overcrowded summer will be the studios for with this many movies scheduled for release there will be some big box office successes but even more box office bombs. Certain films will be guaranteed box office gold while others are a bit of risky business. Let me review this summer’s lineup, starting in May, and fill you in on some of the films that will be an instant cultural phenomenon and the ones that we will forget about the next day at the pool.
Extroverted Sensing: 8-14% (12.8%)
Please share as you feel guided.
The protesters then returned to Zuccotti, to find it still barricaded.
I therefore decided to watch some of the Sunday Politics and remind myself how politicians manage to ramble on. Although I definitely feel Harriet Harman didn’t do a particularly good job – although she kept to the party lines. I then decided to watch The King’s Speech (especially the end bit where he manages to speak brilliantly) as he speaks very clearly and quite elegantly – although for the AGM I would have to leave less gaps – it’s remarkable comparing the film to the real speech and seeing what they cut out, and how Colin Firth managed to accurately portray the King.
The other dessert that we ordered carried an interesting name – ‘Chawanmushi‘. This is a popular Japanese dish. Daddy and I took childish pleasure in saying the name over and over and then giggling like a couple of 12 year olds. So much so that, when my mother was back in town, she was entitled with a new nickname – chawanmushi. She has grown tired of asking us what it means because she only gets impish sniggers in response.
Nicknames friends give can be shorthand for shared interests or "long-stories" that can be revealed over the course of a novel. In John Green's Paper Towns, Quentin and Ben call their friend Marcus "Radar" for such a hilariously convoluted reason, you can't help but laugh and like these guys.
I honestly posted something on here hours ago. But for some reason it never…worked…it was a very odd thing.
I am overloaded with other people's problems
that which I know zilch of, this or that.
Part of the reason for our excess when it comes to growing eggplants is the amazing variety available. Green, lavender, orange, white, purple, variegated. Long, round, oval, and bite-sized. It is truly hard to select just one type of eggplant to grow. In fact, last summer we grew 12 varieties, admittedly a bit much. But, we have a few favorites that we are happy to recommend:
Sir William Muir (Scottish orientalist):
Nor is mould like should and would.
Delicious jam bars, lightly spiced, buttery and sweet. Perfect with a hot cuppa!
An openly gay character in any medium was practically unheard of at the time, and Denis Kitchen tapped Cruse to edit a new anthology simply called Gay Comix. As his notoriety increased, Cruse made his way back to New York, and the gay-themed alternative weekly The Advocate commissioned him to develop a new comic featuring gay characters. He created Wendell, about a bright-eyed young man in an anonymous and his diverse set of friends. Although the style was less cute than Barefootz, the hero was still a clear optimist. Says Cruse, “I don’t like cynicism. I’m as skeptical as the next guy, but I’m not cynical.”
What is surprising is the East Asia & Pacific have created more wealth than Euro area since the 70’s. So speaking English, French and Spanish is great, but not enough, because, the most spoken language in the world is Mandarin. We may all need to consider learning this language in the future.
Others have blogged about fitness in much more persuasive words than I can put together here. But the bottom line is this, just like your shooting skills, if you aren't getting better you are wasting time at worst or marking time at best. So to talk about PT, I'm going to talk about shooting, then meander back into PT.
A decade is far too wide
“The Church needs artists because without art we cannot reach the world. The simple fact is that the imagination ‘gets you,’ even when your reason is completely against the idea of God. ‘Imagination communicates,’ as Arthur Danto says, ‘indefinable but inescapable truth.’ Those who read a book or listen to music expose themselves to that inescapable truth. There is a sort of schizophrenia that occurs if you are listening to Bach and you hear the glory of God and yet your mind says there is no God and there is no meaning. You are committed to believing nothing means anything and yet the music comes in and takes you over with your imagination. When you listen to great music, you can’t believe life is meaningless. Your heart knows what your mind is denying. We need Christian artists because we are never going to reach the world without great Christian art to go with great Christian talk.“
Heading out of town on Thursday to go suss out the details of our journey to come. Finally get to see the state of the job site, see the house where we will be living and finally come up with a timeline for all. Let’s get this party started already.
Create something with a sea theme.
The Conditional Structure is used to check the condition by using ‘if’ keyword. When the condition is satisfied the particular block of statement is executed.
Dog breeding in Khador is an art, provided one’s concept of ‘art’ allows for having fingers chewed off by two hundred pounds of raw muscle. Various long and distinguished Khadoran family lines stake their reputation on their ability to breed powerful and desirable dogs. Many Khadoran officers go into battle accompanied by such a beast, looking to them as both companions and protectors. For Warcasters, this function is doubly important. Given the way a Warcaster’s mind is divided between the battlefield, his Warjacks and his troops; having a loyal companion guarding their back is a great boon indeed, as their personal safety is assured so long as their dog stands ready to defend them.
Shake It, Metrostation.
And, in truth, I had a third space that fit this characterization: my own bedroom. In many respects I was not as free to do with this room as I was the playroom or the basement – it wasn’t the place for rough play and it had to be kept relatively neat and clean – but it was a place for me to retreat to, a room where I could close the door, where I could decide who would come in and who would stay out. It was a separate space of my own, one that facilitated my own individuation.
About 3/4 of the way through the glass, I started checking the reviews on Beer Advocate. There were 136 reviews with an overall rating of B+. BA lists the style as American Strong Ale (which puts it in the same class as Sam Adam's Utopia). The ABV is listed at 8.5%.
서비스 (seo-bi-suh) is one of my favorite Konglish words. Can you guess the English equivalent? It’s “service” and when used in Korean the meaning changes a bit. When we refer to “service” we might be thinking of an act that helps us, something provided to help us, or something useful. The Korean “service”, however, is referring to freebies given to the customer out of gratitude for their service. It’s like a “return the favor” deal. It’s so popular that places that don’t offer “service” would be looked at unfavorably.
One wonders if, like the late Robert Maxwell, Mr Whyte viewed the court action as a way of gagging the media. If he did, he has found out that he required a much bigger gag, and many more of them!
The good one.
Corruption of morals in the mass of cultivators is a phenomenon of which no age nor nation has
(January 10, 2008) “The Federal Reserve is not currently forecasting a recession.”
Midpoint: Philip dies and becomes a zombie in the car – everybody else escapes, but they now have no blunt objects and no transportation, and they’re far from safety.
Despite this having been such a crazy week that I have not had a minute to do any sewing, I did somehow find myself at Payless, where I grabbed these adorable wedges for FOURTEEN DOLLARS! And I'm not the only one who's head over heels for them either.
Oh, and the last shows news item comes back to haunt us, as a listener kindly (?!) sends in a taste test treat! Piley's newsround gets the last minute 'switcheroo' treatment, as a listener supplies a better story than the one I had lined up! But you'll have to download it to find out what it was...
CV's dad was in town last week, so he took us out to dinner on Wednesday to Bonefish (we ofcourse ordered the Bang Bang shrimp) and he took us out again on Friday to El Toro. (me & CV's local watering hole). We also played board games and also went out for yogurt. Good "pop" time.
And 2 sliced Bananas are mashed before adding into the batter.
This funnie little guy played on the stage with a hip brogrammer band called "White Denim" and he says they are "energy chips."
Nov 05 Birmingham Academy Birmingham, UK
How was that possible that in all the years of Aerosmith’s success, the frontman had never been to one of the famous Halloween parties or a Midsummer Night’s Dream? “I was too busy in someone’s bathroom getting high,” Tyler told Rolling Stone. “I was too busy on tour, I was too busy writing songs. We were just busy.”
Who in the house know about the Quake? This double-album does not contain one song a Prince fan wouldn’t like. It’s that damned good.
He said, you know its killing her right now because she thinks you hate her, I replied that I did hate her. He said, maybe you do right now but you do love her to. I said that no I didnt. He asked, Why? Because she left? Because she said she would always be here and then she left? I ignored him, but yes, of course that was why. in my head, I didnt fucking need her, I didnt need anyone, they never do what they say they will, she left and I was fucking done with her.
Jean-Luc Ponty – violin, baritone violin
Next, You place a pretty leaf or flower on a blown egg, cover it with a piece of stocking and secure it with a rubber band so that the leaf is pressed flat against the egg. Then suck some water into the egg so it doesn't float. Boil with onion skins for several minutes.You don''t need to dry them before removing the stocking. Just wait for them to cool or run cold water into the pot. Then, rub the shells with olive oil to make them shiny but you can use spray lacquer instead.
Now, of course, this blog is about beer and one can hardly imagine a finer culinary combination than roasted pork and beer. I served up three varieties at this feast. The first was my London Bridge Brown which was an all-grain batch made, for the first time for me, with pale chocolate malt which does indeed give it a subtle and delicious chocolate note. The second was what I called Wizard of Oz Ale, another batch made in honor of our Australian priest Father Redfern, from the same Cooper's Bitter kit that is reviewed below. And finally I served out the All Amarillo Amber Ale which, again, is mentioned below. All of the beers were well received and, as always, it is a joy to be able to share the fruits of one's labors with an appreciative crowd.
- Are politicians depending solely on research prepared by red light camera vendors or government contractors interested in justifying camera-based traffic enforcement?
As I sit here tonight I think of all the other lines. The thickening waistlines and thinning hairlines; the multiplying creases round our eyes, the pillow line that carves my face like a ventriloquist's dummy. I reflect on the times at work when I've tried to cross the line, or encouraged others to toe the line. I smile at the warm feeling of success and relief that comes on opening night, when after months of rehearsals, all the lines come out with the right words in the right order. I remember old relationships where I failed to draw the line or was too stupid to read between the lines. I recognise the thin line between right and wrong, between love and hate.
His wiped his sweating palms on his jeans, felt his stomach knot and twist.
So by bringing together the elements of well-placed metaphors, an abusive household that’s legitimately terrifying, and expert use of foreshadowing that doesn’t ruin any of the surprises leading up to Rea’s inevitable reanimation, Sankarea’s been absolutely fantastic and I can’t wait to see how Zombirea behaves toward Furuya in the future.
CONGRATULATIONS!!! Michele E., email me at all-things-delicious@q.com the variety of sparkling cider you'd like from Sheffield Cider and also which chocolates from Florence's you'd prefer as well. As soon I get your preferences and a mailing address, I'll get them sent out!
“But, I love my mono-pack” He said smiling while rubbing my belly. I could tell he meant it too. Maybe a little patina on the things you love does enhance the look. But, I’m not taking any chances. I’m pretty handy so I think I can make some improvements; another mile on the treadmill, another repetition. Now I need to work on wanting to change.
Too Hot Ta Trot
The state said it would appeal.
My point is that experience is important. And, as a writer, I think the experience of writing publicly and getting feedback is invaluable – and necessary. I’m exploring online writing groups right now, to kind of take this one step further. (I think I’m going to try Scribophile; it looks interesting. We’ll see how it goes.) And I applied for (and actually got hired for!) a contract blogging opportunity for a PR company. I just think the more things we, as newly public writers, can do to hone our craft and get feedback, the better it’ll be for our chances of success at self-publishing.
I love how no one in my family ever considers that we won't hike, even when it is raining.
Straight from the press notice from Flying Dog (which, by the way, is now adamantly referring to itself as Flying Dog Brewery, as opposed to its earlier Flying Dog Ales):
and pull the curtains. They are blessed
Good morning everyone...it's Friday!!! This week had gone way too fast....it seems like yesterday was Monday!!! We went to the PX on Fort Hood yesterday....their prices are much lower on things like toothpaste and deodorant so we stock up when we go. Military families don't pay sales tax at the PX or the commissary so that really helps to save a few pennies!! I wish they sold punches and dies....LOL!!
Kid: 'Yacht-it?' That's using your words....*laugh*
each aspect of them is a piece
The 2012 reincarnations:
To be honest I was a surprised that both albums are just cardboard, there is no vinyl case like all the American albums, and the sizes are different too. Especially the packaging of "Hello" is just paper!, and only has a little sponge to hold the CD. But my respects for the booklet! Ever since the "saving trees" thing here in America became an issue. I've seen that albums would rarely have booklet that is over 8 pages, and forget about pictures, you would only get maybe 3 and that's including cover. But both albums are packed with pictures, the booklets are just beautiful.
is the face of things to come.
He said: ‘I learned with great sadness earlier today of the killing of Khalil Dale by his kidnappers in Baluchistan province, Pakistan.
In keeping with the theme of trying new things with Lilly so she doesn't get bored, I've been looking for some alternatives to the usual show circuits we frequent. After doing some research and chatting it over with a few friends, I've decided to try some local dressage shows. One of the training barns in the area holds a number of North Carolina Dressage and Combined Training Association (NCDCTA) shows, as well as hunter jumper shows, and they just happen to fall on Sundays during the months I work Saturdays!
All are possible, although the last is highly unlikely. Further, none of it is at all palatable to Angela Merkel. But further plans are developing (via Brussels, Paris and Wolfgang Schauble) to save her face by obfuscation of what’s really happening….what I referred to earlier as muddying the waters.
Josh Harrellson – (Nike) Air Max Hyperfly – size 16
Arise, O LORD; scatter Your enemies and put to flight those who hate You! To Your glory and honour in Christ Jesus, Amen!
After packing our tents and buckets back into the handcart, we chowed down on a glorious breakfast and then we were off once again! This time Zach's handcart was third in line and ours was fifth! As you can see, Zach Face had changed into brown pants and a vest.
Then, looking at the kids, went on about how “fun” that must be.
Mr. Jonathan repeatedly sent his aides, including Godsday Orubebe (Niger Delta minister), Oronto Douglas, and others to him in South Africa, to seek his support, he said.
Customization
They would not speak to her.
We have had unusually warm weather this January which means the girls have been playing a ton outside. This girl loves to chalk.
How dare any one of us judge each other for the choices we make?
My problem is that I need to do some more research on one particular area for the book - its actually a very significant part of the plot. I have the books all piled up on my bookshelves, most of them are on loan from various friends, but, for various reasons, mainly the subject matter, I'm reluctant to start reading them - and not just because of the looks I am likely to get on the train.
As for foods, she eats Gerber's 'sitter' foods regularly, sometimes mixed with rice cereal. Her favorites appear to be Sweet potatoes and Peaches. When at gg Thompsons', she gets a treat of yogurt (and pickles, today), and I sometimes let her have sips from my cup of tea (not enough to even count as a 'drink').
the same time every night.
Silver Prints; 8″ x 10″
As I’ve said before… sadly, some of us will die with our music still in us.
I do think slightly smaller joining picots and bare space threads would have been helpful although it did turn out better than I though it would for the first draft. A smaller thread tends to tat a bit nicer too. You can see where the tails come out which is also the beginning, that I forgot to join the picots together there because I didn't catch it in the original pic or read to the very end where it tells you to join.
That “black box” is not really a box – but a cube-like building. It’s called the ‘Ka’bah’ in Arabic, and is believed by Muslims to be the first house of worship established on earth. It was established for the worship of the Almighty, One True God, the Creator of all existence.
West House Trail
see was ET.
Although Mr. Noodle and I threw down this Thirsty Thursday Challenge to all comers, we must confess that our own thirsts demanded quenching with the other designated ingredient chosen by Suzy of Suzy's Goodies: bourbon.
Firstly the rear wing was all new, aerodynamically, structurally and with its DRS operation. Their new rear wing no longer used a central pylon to support the upper wing and house the DRS actuator. This clears up the underside of the wing from obstructions; this was probably not to reduce the minimal amount of drag created by the support, but more to removes its turbulence from the underside of the wing. Perhaps this will aid the reattachment of the air flow when the DRS closes the flap. Instead the DRS actuator is inside a small pod above the wing, where it will less affect the airflow. Cabling and hydraulic lines to the actuator route inside the wing and endplates. As the pylon has been removed there remains a small section of it on the crash structure ahead of the beam wing (highlighted).
Unacceptable risk
Sir Francis Joseph Campbell (October 9, 1832 – June 30, 1914[1]) was an American anti-slavery campaigner, teacher and also the co-founder of the Royal National College for the Blind in the United Kingdom.
iphone case + brass knuckles = WIN!
We both want to work so hard,
Dr. Dante fell back as if pushed.
We’ve set our official launch date for HighBreedMusic and The Breeding Ground website.
Fast forward thirty-seven years and he still holds my heart. His is the last face I want to see each night and the first I like to see each morning when I wake. When he travels and we are not together, we are both out of our element. We still hold hands, kiss and hug every day and enjoy the comfort we find in each other. I still make him laugh until he can't breathe and he still has a hard time letting go. I still tell him he's handsome and has the softest lips that I can never get enough of - which he laughs with embarrassment - and he still calls me his security blanket and tells me I'm the smartest girl he's ever met.
you can send me all material (certified mail): info@agenzialetterariaidolidinchiostro.com
* portable- move them from room to room as needed
Her friends persuaded her and tried †̥o discourage her, but she kept putting up with him and even helped him excel in all his lectures and exams.
1/2 cup pitted dates, chopped finely (you could use raisins)
High school was something I really had to fight for, for the first time in my life. I didn’t want to go to the same school as all the people I grew up with, so with a teachers nudging, I tried to get into a local “special” school. I had been in advance classes all my life, and I was lucky enough to have a very caring teacher in middle school, to help me find direction.
And isn’t it amazing that God has a special plan for each of us! If you have a moment, please read Jeremiah 29:11 “ ‘For I know the plans I have for you,’ declares the LORD, ‘plans to prosper you and not to harm you, plans to give you hope and a future.’” If you feel led, please write a note of encouragement to someone today. Your note could have a big impact on that person’s life.
Flowing Leaves
Children do not exist in a separate world of innocence. They live in the same world as everyone else, hearing our comments and conversations. At their youngest, their views are dependent on public discourse and private conversations. When a newscaster reports sexual assault and remarks about the victim’s attire, they remember. When we deride a person’s sexual choices, they hear. When our conversations about sex revolve around danger and forget to mention pleasure, they recognize.
Do not parade merely private matters before a public or mixed assembly or to acquaintances. If strangers really wish to become informed about you or your affairs, they will find the means to gratify their curiosity without your advising them gratuitously. Besides, personal and family affairs, no matter how interesting they may be to the parties immediately concerned, are generally of little moment to outsiders. Still less will the well-bred person inquire into or narrate the private affairs of any other family or individual."
It has to be vacuumed weekly - either with a special ash vacuum or with a shop vac with special filter that will keep the ask from being regurgitated back into the air.
In the form of mini cupcakes, they're the perfect size not to scare anyone away: bite by bite, I'm on a quest to reconcile everyone with vegetables in sweet desserts. Up next: bell peppers? Broccoli? I might just stick with pumpkin.
onto our Salvation Army dormitory. I think it may have rained twice in
Metacritic: 39
The tunnel begins to close in, exits extending, you keep giving and giving.
If you do not already have an account, you will need to create an account to download these items.
Clouds and Sun: Pooh and Friends Cricut cartridge
Voice Call: a buzzy dzert; also a talk given by both genders, greater delivered than shake of the american meadowlark. Flight note: a lovely whistled weeet. Song: three to 5 or more noisy, moving, climbing down whistles lasting approximately 1.5 seconds, tsweee-tsweee-tsweeeooo.
inn
Other changes are just sloppy. In the novel, the Doctor is a Nazi protégé of Josef Megele who has escaped capture into the modern day. Presumably, the Doctor’s background was changed to fit better with Maher’s age, but the story element that the Doctor was eing pursued by the Mosad was left in. it is true the Mossad could still be hunting the guy anyway, but it makes less sense to me he is a bored doctor who gets his jollies torturing people than an escaped Nazi who honed his craft on concentration camp inmates decades before.
Amazing new release from top-selling author Jeff Benedict, Professor of English at Southern Virginia University.
TOTAL: 7 hr, 15 min per week
Remember when I mentioned needing to not only learn how to work my sewing machine but actually open the box?
The film also explores what the Icelandic DJ and rapper´s reality is all about being from a safe and relatively wealthy small Nordic country; what they rhyme about, how they experience what hip-hop is all about, local politics in hip-hop and how Icelandic hip-hop music has a life of it´s own.
feel like a hairy-legged anti-woman.
All the same, much remains unknown about the mysterious Mr Owens.
For the past few weeks I noticed the same cute guy coming to study there. Every time we smile - hey, you here again…! He is a dancer or studies dance – hinted by books called ‘The Male Dancer’ or something along those lines. And he loves iced cappuccino and sometimes lemon pie (me too! It’s destiny, must be). Only thing he doesn’t seem to have are glasses! Maybe he has contacts… I can work with contacts.
Instead I usually cry and suppress anger towards my husband which sometimes boils over into fights about his mother. I know. Don't I sound fun in real life?!
CHINA PUBLISHES AMBITIONS "NATIONAL PATENT STRATEGY" FOR NEXT DECADE: If you thought China's ascendance in the patent world was impressive over the last ten years, wait 'till you see the next ten, according to a recently published government document. In 2009, China received about 300K applications for utility patents (the USPTO received about 480K applications in the same time). The Chinese government now wants to blow that number up to 1 million by 2015. During the same time, China intends to roughly double its number of patent examiners, to 9,000 (the USPTO has about 6.3K examiners). After viewing the 5 and 10 year numbers, Director Kappos reportedly referred to the targets as “mind-blowing numbers.”
I got to lick the spoon!
Trust your gut
Thursday: I am having a real style crush on (fictional character) Lemon Breeland's wardrobe from the show Hart of Dixie, and I have noticed that over the last few months my wardrobe has incorporated more and more feminine retro touches that mirror her costumes. Any one else do this?
2nd layer:
fridge to firm up. The frosting is soo easy. Mix the ingredients together in a
What's making her say I'm "against everything" at the moment is the fact that I'm anti-Olympics (also known as FOR the abolition of poverty and homelessness, for the rights of Indigenous peoples, for an end to environmental destruction, for small businesses instead of huge corporations, and for the right for people to live, love, and protest without the fear of police surveillance, oppression, and violence). Yes, I feel for the athletes who dream of this day and all that. But I'm afraid I feel a lot more for the people who have lost their homes due to the games (homelessness has more than doubled in Vancouver since they won the bid to hold the games), and feel more for all the other countless people who are being harmed by these games, than the few thousand athletes who want to play sports. Hell, there's even the issue of elitism: no one I know can afford to spend thousands of dollars on tickets to any of the Olympic events! This is a spectacle by and for the wealthy only: the rest of us just get to watch it on TV, live it vicariously (which is never the best way to live), and apparently feel some swelling of pride when people we've never met win a race. And, if you're lucky to live in the right area, you also get to pay off a huge debt that the Olympics has created... Fun!
just one more in may sometime & we will be done!
But at least we don't have any snow here, thank goodness!
I watched a fish jump out of the water in front of the pier and released a long exhale. Day in and day out it had been fish, shark, crabs and shrimp. Sure it was a variety, but still seafood.
Border on top/bottom – Alternating scotch (Kreinik 5555 and Impressions 1144)
District 9
We made the short trek over to the Contemporary and valet parked the ole van.
In the end, families will make decisions based on what they can tolerate. I'm lucky in that I never had the problem of an unwilling partner. I should say though, that I was very strong in my position. I never had doubts that unschooling was right for my family. I think that confidence in what I believed, backed up with evidence, made it easier for my husband to be open minded about the idea.
In addition to the four Golden Kite Award winners, four honor book recipients will also be named by the panel of judges which consists of children’s book writers and illustrators.
In his decision Mr Justice Morgan held:
Other forms of autism include Rett’s Disorder, Childhood Disintegrative Disorder, and Pervasive Developmental Disorder Not Otherwise Specified. The diagnosis Pervasive Developmental Disorder Not Otherwise Specified (PDD NOS) is given to those children who have some symptoms of an ASD, but not enough for a full diagnosis. The diagnosis of PDD NOS, also known as atypical autism, is used when children have unusual symptoms or when their symptoms become apparent at a later age than is typical (DSM-IV-TR, 2000). If you’re picturing a spectrum, PDD NOS is in the middle.
Working on my own perseverance has helped me find comfort in moving towards action, and doing so with faith that some day, despite society’s disappointment, all will be ok.
Try using this scrap method next time that 12 x 12 looks a little too big...you'll have it put together before you know it! Leave a comment here if you have a question...Happy Stamping! ---Lisa
How do you destroy a people if not by starving them, shooting them or marching them to death? There are many ways, but you can start by outnumbering them and forcing them out of their homelands. When it happens to other races in other places we call it ethnic cleansing, it is only when it happens to us, here that we call it progress.
I use this when teaching. I’m just starting to teach others to knit – from work (my S&B) and at church, where we’ve started a charity group that knits or crochets things for children’s hospitals and women’s shelters. I tell them how I made mistakes when starting (and still do – see above) and that every mistake they make means that they are learning a new skill and are moving forward! I don’t ever want to make people feel badly because they’ve made mistakes. Knitting should be fun.
Some teachers and parents express concern that assessments of body composition (or weight status) will make a child overly concerned about their body and lead to eating disorders. There is no research evidence suggesting that this likely to occur. On the other hand, lack of knowledge about body composition and the lack of appropriate perceptions of body image may be greater contributors to the development of eating disorders.
you knit me together in my mother’s womb.
On March 13th, a delegation from British Columbia went to Ottawa to tell our nation’s politicians that opposition to the Northern Gateway Pipeline is growing. The delegation included First Nations leaders, as well as representatives from environmental groups and labour unions.
Mexican Street Corn
I had submitted that piece to Dengeki prior to applying for the Sneaker Grand Prize. Since that process wasn’t put into a selection screening, the editor from Dengeki read it by chance and was pleased. I received a notice saying “We don’t need to see another sample of your writing.” So I started writing something suitable to be published after my debut in Dengeki Bunko. Almost immediately after that, I was told the result of the Sneaker Grand Prize. It had been about half a year since I submitted that entry… I completely forgot all about it. Please forgive me! (laughs)
Christine Mcloughlin
tomorrow I've got to get out & hunt a shirt for E. I'm having the kid's pictures done on Sunday afternoon...my awesome photographer friend, Kyla found this crazy cool spot for us to use...
As you can imagine, doing 28 random/non-random acts of kindness takes a lot of thought, and as I neared number 28, it got harder and harder to think of kind things I could do. I kept my eyes open for opportunities... but I saw none, so I prayed. I asked God that if there were someone is this world who could use my help in any way, to please guide me to them.
Fragrant, rich nose of honey, lychees and apricots.
and will come after me.
You'll know it's me when I come through your town
I met Sue and Sarah at one of the restaurants in the city. Sue's friend, Kim, is in from San Francisco for the week to see her sister, Lisa. She met us for breakfast. We had a real nice visit and catch-up. Coming home I noticed the car acting a little funny. Since it has about 72k on it, I'm thinking...shocks or struts are needing replaced. Stopped for the mail, none. Said 'hey' to the post-mistress, MaryAnn, came home. Parked car, got out, looked at right front tire..............going flat. Damn!!!!!!!!!!!! I know just where it happened, right at the top of ---- Hill. Good thing it was a slow leak. Funny thing is, on Friday night I had a dream that someone took all of the tires and wheels off of the car and left it in the lower yard on blocks. Ha! Anyhow, gotta take it over Sam's and see whats wrong.
Latvia is a country in the Baltic region of Northern Europe. The history of Latvia dates back to 3000 BC and goes through Medieval period, Restoration period, The Russian Empire, and through WWII, and still going strong today. Latvia has a long history, and I am glad that I took the time to read about it.
All of this to say, I need a little break. I'll be gone for a week and then I should be raring to go with some new and fun posts to share.
Hungry customers must eat the entire burger, a large portion of chips, a pot of coleslaw, washing it all down with the ice cream milkshake, within 45 minutes.
However, I did find the end of the book to be a bit rushed. I thought the last quarter or so of the book were somewhat anti-climatic and then all of a sudden (within the last 10 pages of the book) BAM! all hell broke loose. I would have preferred to have seen a some of the epic-ness of the end of the novel to have taken place a bit earlier on, allowing me to savor it more.
-Dress up for Halloween (I figure this is an easy one to achieve each year...)
The first item that I am planning on paying cash for is a second computer. I decided this morning that we need a second computer because my husband and I are always kicking each other off of the one we have. I haven't decided whether or not to get a laptop or another desktop computer. I personally don't like laptops. I guess my biggest problem with them is the lack of a mouse. If we go that route, I'm pretty sure it will be for him and not me!
Perhaps if I concentrated on just photographing birds I’d remember, but I like to go with whatever my heart feels for that particular day.
Meanwhile, The Typhoons - a session band previously known to handle The Beatles material on Embassy, although I don't know if the personnel remained the same throughout all their recordings - battle with "Mr Tambourine Man". It's a fey, gentle take which sounds influenced more by English folk than the American folk rock scene that spawned The Byrds, sounding sleepy and contended rather than urgent, preaching and elated. Readers won't be in a hurry to replace The Byrds version on their iPods with this one, but once again the different approach is at least an interesting interpretation.
At a mentor training session I attended a couple of weeks ago, I was surrounded by successful black men, some were fathers, others were not, they were all well educated – some had post graduate degrees and all that. In fact, most of them were actually really good looking (not that good looks is a requirement – but hey, as they say, shine your eyes)
"For all new whisky casks these American staves are used, and let me add that, strange though yet true, because of the demand for, shall I say, a "palateable" whisky, flavoured with sherry, the cooper trade of Scotland lost in wages, year in, year out, an amount almost impossible to state. One thing I make bold to say is, that if all the sherry casks, butts, hogsheads, quarters, and octaves imported, were manufactured in Scotland, the cooper trade would have been one of the most flourishing industries in our country, not only in the past but even to-day. However, by the world's "fancy" for whisky bonded in sherry wood, we create, all unwittingly, a demand for foreign labour, and that, too, at prices far and away in excess of what is paid in this country. If ever "tricks in trade" had an opportunity of profiting thereby, sherry casks opened the door to such "tricks" being adopted, by manufacturing sherry casks. I should like to emphasise the name Slierry Casks supposed to have had sherry wine in them for years, but as "casks" had only been manufactured a few weeks before they were delivered to the distillery for filling with whisky, and having the appearance as if they had been filled with wine for years, lying in some old "Bodega" they never saw, and yet these manufactured or, shall I say, "doctored" sherry casks fetched, and, for all I know, now still fetch, prices double almost, and in cases more than double, the price of new whisky casks.
Turns out Train Guy doesn’t live too far away from me (hence why I saw him on the train)… So we met up last night at a local bar for some drinks. Train Guy is extremely sexual. His eyes are captivating and are one of the things that compelled me to give him my number in the first place. We talked about life and about really random topics. Having been on so many “first dates” in the past few weeks, I am becoming a good judge at someones ability to come up with random conversation. Anyone can talk about what they do for work, where they live, what music they like. But the really interesting people will come up with totally random things to speak about. Train Guy is one of those guys. Two bottles of wine later and I was quite drunk. Maybe the wine was the reason I was enjoying the conversation so much.
Were I you, dainty miss,
What? Sam pressed a button and they started dancing in a random fashion!
I’m sure, by the title of this, you are expecting my take on the medicinal use of marijuana in California or Arizona. Or what countries you can go and “fire up” in coffee houses like the Netherlands. No…thats for another day and time. Today, I’m less concerned about the consumers of the product. In this conversation, we’re going to spend more time on the industry and how it has affected our families.
This week I will try not to lead you astray.
39. Living arrangements? Renting an adorable mid-50s bungalow; huge yard
Israel has a decent arsenal of ballistic missiles, and they also possess a small fleet of nuclear-armed Dolphin class submarines capable of launching ballistic missiles and hitting pretty much anything in the Middle East with precision.
Along the churchyard green,
aided me in changing my view on many things, including the ordinary day-to-day. It also brings with it a need to take full responsibility for everything in my life. I choose how much time and/or energy to spend on any one particular problem or solution. I have to cancel my autopilot, take a breath, and pay attention. It’s about looking at the things I’ve been choosing to avoid and reacting to things differently in order to achieve a different response or outcome. It’s about consciously changing my own
My second, third and fourth problems with grocery shopping lie with my family. Let me introduce you to my arch enemies:
As time went by (and it went FAST), I also attended another fashionshow, the Young Fashion Catwalk. Presenting another compilation of brands with a younger spirit, this was quite different from the womenswear in the morning. Due to the quite edgier way of looks, the atmosphere seemed much more relaxed. Here, my absolute favourite was definitely Forever Unique with their glitzy and shiny creations. I will do an extra post about them just like for Istanbul Fashion as they really impressed with outstanding creations and just lovely pieces.
and yesterday - my baby looked up at me - and then... sweetest gurgly giggle i have ever heard...
Theory 2
I cut out a fluted rose with my cricut and staggered 3 layers. Then put some gold paint in the center and covered with tiny beads. I punched out some hearts and made 2 "buttons" and then put a couple of gold paint dots next to the hearts.
9. Florida Dropped Baton in the NCAA Final – This one was disappointing on two levels. First there was the fact that defending 100 champion Jeff Demps didn’t make the final – a screamer! Then looking for reDEMPtion he never got the stick. It was also disappointing as the final had the potential to be one of the greatest ever as Florida, Texas A&M, Florida State and Illinois had all run outstanding rounds!
Hoeness told the local Muenchner Merkur daily that he will not travel to the June 11-July 11 tournament which faces new security concerns and low ticket sales.
Now, a clean city.
Fri-Sun. Oct. 10-12, 2008.
I mean, if she were always busting something open needing stitches... Or if her bones broke easy ... Or if she threw up every time somebody called her name. THOSE are things that would be scary, annoying and a need for immediate medical attention. (Ok, maybe not the vomiting thing.) However, choking is not one of those things that you have an extended amount of time to assess the situation, decide on a plan of action, and then fix the problem. You've got a window ... a tiny 2-3 min. window...
It certainly was a challenge trying to integrate aspects from two very different cultures but I think the outcome is very pleasing and seamless. Now my clients can have leisurely strolls through their new landscape which takes much less work to keep up and dramatically improves not only the aesthetics but also the livability of their new found haven.
Pierre died having fired off just two shots. The monsters that surrounded his corpse tore him to pieces.
Jack answers, "The ogre that comes after the gremlins at night..." Frustrated, I interrupt, "Jack, no gremlins, not now...what happened? What hurt your stomach?" Nurse Linda looks over to me, nodding for me to stop. She suggests, "Why don't you go see if Becky found Mrs. Bleeker." She is assisting Jack with removing his wet pants, and now sees the scab on his knee. Jack coughs again, still the deep, wet sounding cough. Just then, Mrs. Bleeker comes around the doorway, and again there is a muffled gasp. She too rushes over to Jack, then hesitates gaining composure and asks, "Jack what happened, you look all wet? Did you fall?" Mrs. Bleeker indicates to Nurse Linda that she has called 911 and then suggests, "Why don't you come and help me so we can get help for Jack..." Mrs. Bleeker places her arm around my shoulders and guides me out of the room. As we get far enough away, when Jack won't hear, she asks, "What happened? How did he get all those bruises? How long has he had that cough?" She hits me with an endless barrage of questions. "What did he mean gremlins? Where is your father? Do you know if he went to work today?" My mind now racing to Jack, to the forest trail as we walked to school, racing, searching for the answers to her questions. She led me to the big brown comfortable chair across the desk from hers.
Now…go on and have a nice day. Do something you WANT to…not something on your SHOULD DO list. If you were going to die soon and had only one phone call you could make, who would you call and what would you say? And why are you waiting?
Paul sought the resurrected life; the life beyond the hardships and cares of this life. That wouldn’t be had without that, which goes before; “the fellowship of His suffering and to be made conformable unto His death.” He was experiencing something of that in the Roman confinement. He was experiencing a bit of the “fellowship of Christ’s suffering.”
I don't send frivolous play-by-play texts like "I'm 10 minutes away" or "I'll be there in 5."
You can do the quote from Forrest Gump, “Run, Forrest, Run” and dress with nature stuff on yourself…like a forest….maybe one of you could have a fake owl or squirrel on your shoulder or something.
Satanists are persistent little buggers and apparently make up a good fraction of the state of Texas.
The winds have calmed from hurricane force,
The problem centers on Harold Camping — Family Radio’s president and the moderator of its popular Open Forum call-in radio program — and on his explosively controversial 562-page book, 1994? In it Camping proclaims that Jesus Christ will return in September of 1994. “No book ever written is as audacious or bold as one that claims to predict the timing of the end of the world,” he writes, “and that is precisely what this book presumes to do.”
" you think therefore you are not there "
I think I've just talked myself into it.
The shortbread was a success, my Scandi soprano friend loved it as well as Jason and I! If you’re interested in the recipe check out the two fabulous hosts for this week: Lynette of 1smallkitchen and Cher of The not so exciting adventures of a dabbler…
1st is the concrete area - great for tables (that aren't broken and splintery like the ones we just tossed),
I love this image from Stamping Bella, because who hasn’t felt this way before? Sometimes you just wanna scream! Glad Mo drew this image, perfect for that friend whose down in the dumps.
Ps: The following is some additional information on Intercessory Prayer
For those of us addicted to Pinterest, 'PinClout is your source for Pinterst analytics. It empowers people and brands with tools necessary to monitor trends, understand activity and gauge impact easily'.
I started at the top and scanned all the way down to the bottom. And there, at the very bottom of the cart, were four copies of TGOFAT. Me, being the big TGOFAT fan that I am NEEDED to see the new cover in person. I read the ARC which had a totally different cover. I needed to see the hardcover--the new cover--so I tried to wiggle the books out from the bottom of the very tall stack. However, I didn’t realize how iffy those carts are and, in ultra-slow motion, it rocked backward. I reached for it, but it was too late. The cart tipped back and crashed onto the floor. Thirty or so books went flying all over the aisle. It was loud. I actually shushed myself immediately after it happened. The five teens sitting at a table ten feet away all giggled and stared at me as I apologized and frantically tried to right the book cart dolly and stack up all the books again.
It wasn't going very well.
What can I say? I’ve been rejected all my life.
Last night, I broke out some summer clothes for a night out. I hate making the switch from the safe clothes in which I feel like I’m hiding my fat. Spring/summer clothes leave little room for rolls and unwanted protrusions. I was feeling down, but I made do with what I had and went out and had fun, dancing and playing with friends. And, with the news I got this morning, I am re-inspired.
Times have evolved and so is the music business. These days the music is becoming much more than a passion for music fans and DJs across the world. When you are a DJ, you are involved in a profession or hobby that is filled with a lot of excitement.
Be sure to join me each day. I'll be giving away a prize to a random winner in my comments section on these posts. Each comment counts as one entry. I love comments! Even if I don't have time to answer every comment or email, I cherish them and enjoy getting to know my fellow homeschooling moms.
Mr Sheridan later put it to Mr Bird that the NotW practised ”cheque book journalism” and that people who had “smelled the big money would be prepared to say anything.” Mr Sheridan claimed that the culture at the newspaper was one of “publish anything as the subjects would not have the resources to go to court”. Mr Bird denied this.
I am a door that opens to all portals big and small,
In some sense it was also an act of rebellion. This was what I did when I wanted to be disconnected from the people around me. When I felt the need to escape I would just retreat to my books. I found that reading was a great way for me to get away from it all. Most teenage rebellions involve alcohol, drugs and stupid mischief. I am thankful that there was something inside of me that made me retreat into the world of books instead of doing something destructive.
Then, the Fledgling Sparrow comes home from school and informs me that she needs $30, on top of the $60 we've already spent, to complete her dance uniform for her dance class at school. What the fuck is the school thinking? 70% of the kids at her high school qualify for free lunch, my kid included. Her school, and this whole neighborhood, is fucking well poor, dirt poor. How on earth do they expect parents to come up with this kind of money? I mean, this is for a PE class. It's not even for dance competition, it's just for twirling around in the gym, for Christ's sake! Why can they not just wear their PE uniform from last year? What is wrong with sweats and shorts? $90 is three months worth of bus passes for her! Jesus fuck, school districts annoy me.
Although the mountains and the seas collide I”ll be waitin’ on the other side
Mountain: Scafell Pike, The Lake District, highest in England!
Great leaders are almost always great simplifiers, who can cut through argument, debate and doubt, and offer a solution everybody can understand.
Pour the batter into prepared pan, sprinkle top with black sesame seed (optional). Bake for 20-25 minutes or until a skewer inserted comes out clean.
Butternut, spinach, cauliflower and peanut spicy stew.
The lack of music in this short is very effective, the confession of the subject is compelling and is enhanced through the emotional listener in the film. During the middle the loving side of the convict is slowly revealed as he recalls his holding his child as a baby.
3-4 potatoes cut up
We pick apples. A lot. More like, I run around and pick apples while the kids eat them, chase one another and roll around on the ground. Either way, it's fun had by all. I get my apples. The kids get exercise and healthy food. What more could you ask for?
-Then, I added tea tree essential oil until it smelled yummy. (You can use any essential oil you like.)
I would love to hear one workplace believer say, “I have spent my life in this business. The Lord has blessed me with great resources. But now God has told me to give away my wealth and to trust Him to provide for me through new ways.” Wouldn’t that be a novel concept? That is exactly what C.T. Studd, the great cricket player in the 1800s, did. He was reared in a wealthy home, but his deep conversion experience led him to take actions that forced him to trust God in ways he never had to before. He became one of the great missionaries of all time.
It is possibly for this reason why the press remained silent in 2006 when McBride received the Merit Medal in Silver and the Conspicuous Leadership Star from the South African National Defence Force, for his service and combat leadership in uMkhonto we Sizwe (MK).
Here is what I know of the man – the legend – the songbird.
I have not given you a spirit of fear. (II Timothy 1:7)
My next reaction was, “surely I am not the only one that has ever thought this”; it seems I was correct. Our local writer club, East Texas Writers’ Guild met one Monday soon after this and the agenda was to watch YouTube videos of interviews with different writers. We experienced computer problems and ended up just having an open discussion night. The next day I went to the YouTube site and searched out the interviews on my own. I remembered the interview with Anita Shreve , the author of “The Pilot’s Wife” along with many others. In one segment she is telling about writing a scene that was a little too risqué for her personal comfort. Her response to herself was, “I can’t write this way. My Daddy is going to read this.” After considering an alternative direction for a short while, she determined that the scene was important to the story so she overrode her anxiety about the scene, peeled away the “layers” and wrote the real world into the story.
The governments of Canada, Japan, the United Kingdom and New Zealand provided advice on the draft law, as did Wendy Cukier, head of Canada’s gun prohibition lobby.
At its heart, Mother is a character study of a matriarch (impressively played by Kim Hye-ja) who is so devoted to her son that, after he's convicted of a young girl's murder, she goes on the trail for the supposed real killer, so convinced she is that her son could not possibly have committed the crime. Her relationship with her son verges on the creepy (he sometimes sleeps with her on her bed, for instance), but her loyalty to him is undeniable...and, the film gradually reveals, dangerous verging on murderous.
Trying to learn
Established in 1973, the Center for Rural Affairs is a private, non-profit organization working to strengthen small businesses, family farms and ranches, and rural communities through action oriented programs addressing social, economic, and environmental issues.
Today's recipe with Japanese Knotweed is one I would have loved to have shared with my mom, since she was an expert forager and eater of weeds and all things wild (from nettle to lambsquarter to wild mushrooms). She was also a great lover (and maker) of quiche. And this is one wild thing I'm not sure she ever ate. I never knew it was edible until my sweetheart brought some home last week.
HINT: It's the chest freezer.
As the days turned into weeks of my sitting by the window hoping Watch would appear, I began to lose hope. Running without a watch was not ideal, so I got Another Watch.
The closing date for entries is Friday 26th November, so you've got a bit of time to think about it.
This particular time, I was picking up dog hair tumbleweeds in the den, while Sam was watching Ellen Degeneres interview the twelve year old youtube sensation Greyson Chance. Before I knew it, I was all afluffle and Sam was doing his nervous laugh that means WHAT DO I DO NOW MY MOM HAS LOST HER MARBLES.
I have turned into my parents and yearning for my youth.
1. I find a little inspiration and spark from somewhere to get excited to run sometime before Sunday.
There is a me
First thing I did was cut each one down to a 6 foot length. Then I took my sander and rounded all the corners and sides quite a bit so they looked worn down. I did this with a palm sander and 150 grit sandpaper. Then I took 220 grit sandpaper and sanded the tops down very smooth, then wiped down completely.
May you find peace.
They had to follow the clues to find their hidden baskets.
In partnership with the City of New York and the community, the Prospect Park Alliance restores, develops, and operates Prospect Park for the enjoyment of all by caring for the natural environment, preserving historic design, and serving the public through facilities and programs. Prospect Park's 585 acres of meadows, waterfalls, forest, lakes, and athletic facilities comprise a masterwork of urban green space. For more information on Prospect Park events, programs, membership, and volunteering, call the Park Hotline at (718) 965-8999 or visit www.prospectpark.org.
I did suffer the occasional Dresser Envy , looking through the latest "Country Living" , but you can't have everything .
In less that 20 years, as Aurora Rose takes her first mouthful, her reactions will be broadcast on various family-related Twitter and Facebook feeds.
1 brass-handled
As soon as we sit down in our first class, I realize I was wrong. He can’t be a first year because he’s standing up at the front of the room with Mr. Pierce. His presence brings immediate silence, all eyes on him. I’m pretty sure I’m starting to sweat, though I know this room is always frigid. The calm he emanates hides something, and he looks like no other guy I know. His hair is the darkest black I’ve ever seen, cropped close to his head. The subtle stubble on his jaw indicates he has not shaven in a couple of days (completely against code), and his hazel eyes are fixed in my direction as our instructor, Mr. Pierce, introduces him. That’s when I realize I’m staring.
But our immediate question, the one that will confront us politically especially during 2012 but which we follow us for, in my case, a lifetime, is the cost of education. As Tribal Peoples, the political conversation regarding Pell Grants and student loans is one to which we must pay close attention. As of April 2012, Americans owe more on student loans than on credit cards (student debt is topping $1 trillion for the first time) and various grassroots movements have made student loans—and the cost of attending college—a major item on the the political agenda. This past week, the House voted 215 to 195 to prevent a doubling of student loan rates. It will now go to the Senate, where the bill will likely die but which will be resurrected in perhaps even a less student-friendly version.
Or could it be that am passive and unworthy
Whew, sorry this post got so long. Book mark it. It will be the "main information page" for the Hymn and Scripture Challenge. Please e-mail me if you have more questions, and I would love to know your thoughts on this upcoming challenge. Feel free to leave comments here! Blessings, and see you January 1st with our first hymn and study!
This is a photo of the porch at the Hospital where my father-in-law lives at about 10am. The sunlight is casting a warm, inviting haziness. The lighting in the picture has transformed this into a grand old southern estate in the middle of July. Never mind it's a Veteran's Hospital in Vermont in September.
which will be a base for textile art work for our exhibition
Police and DFS paid a visit to the home of Octomom after her hairdresser complained that her 14 kids were living in sub-par conditions. They’ve been doing that since conception, haven’t they?
The characteristic of this Dynamic Architecture is its “green” qualities in that the skyscraper rotates due to it being wind-powered. The project has been looked most closely at in Dubai, the city of the excess and unbelievable. The wind turbines which would be placed between each floor would make the skyscraper an environmentally positive construction, generating a large excess of power to put back into the energy grid. Each turbine has the peak ability to produce around 0.2 megawatt hours of electricity. Given Dubai has an average of 4000 hours of wind annually, with an average wind speed of 16 km/h, the turbines are estimated to produce around 1,200,000 kilowatt-hours of energy per year. Four of the 48 turbines in the building will be enough to power the entire tower, leaving the other 44 to provide surplus energy back into Dubai’s power grid.
So far I've come up with me improvising on guitar, and more random Black Ops videos, maybe even a Forza 4 video if I can figure out how that works.
So, have any of you undertaken your backyard (or frontyard for that matter!) recently? Anything you'd do differently, or suggest someone should CERTAINLY make sure they do?
In the fall of 1983 I was a 19 year old mother of 2 and recently separated from husband Number 1, due to finding him screwing a 16 year old in our bed, while my 2 year old was playing in the living room and I was grocery shopping… this happened at 5 weeks post-partum.
1/2 c. white sugar
“Man you could not be more wrong. When I was growing up, we were confined to just this one planet. I saw it all, and then when I had done. I went again! Things had already changed, there was already more to see. Eventually we humans finally got around to discovering faster than light travel and space was opened up to us. There was even more to see and to do! By the time you've “done everything there is to do”, you realise there's even more to do, even more to discover. Humanity changes in the blink of an eye. Look back to the internet, do you think people even twenty to thirty years before then would ever believe what the internet could do? Hell when I was growing up we didn't even believe in faster than light travel. We didn't think we'd ever truly see the stars.” His face took a more sombre and sad expression before he continued, “Yes, you can easily lose people you love. Yes, it still hurts when they die, or they go. It hurts anyone when someone leaves their life. It doesn't make a difference how long you've lived. If anything I'm thankful that it still hurts. That I'm still capable of feeling that loss. I'm thankful I even met them. Even if they left my life, for a time they were in it, they made it better. They made me better. Think of all the people you've met in your life, how they improved you, or changed you. Now think of how many people you could meet who could do that in two lifetimes. Now think about ten, and just keep going. It is always, always sad, but it really does still make me happy they were there. That they cared about me. That I was able to love, and still am. I don't think I could ever get tired of that. I hope I don't at least.” Dr. Osbourne thought about his wife, and his kids. How much they had changed him, and how glad he was to know them, and be loved by them. He thought back to the friends he had made over the years. Trent was right, he realised. It hurt when someone left your life, but he knew he was glad that they had been in his life. He knew that he was glad he had met them, and he knew that he hoped he always would be.
I had planned on wearing the skirt-- but my sister didn't like it...
Spray an oven-safe baking dish with non-stick cooking spray. Press mixture into the dish and bake for 15-20 minutes. Allow to cool completely before cutting. Store in an airtight container at room temperature for 1 week. Or store in the fridge for 2 weeks.
I’ve been meaning to address this cleaning issue for a while. It is important to learn to work clean as a painter. This enables you to paint in your house, a friend’s house or a classroom without wrecking your woodwork, furniture, floors and clothes from renegade paint. It also enables another student to sit in your spot when you are not in class and not come away with damaged clothing. Undetected wet oil paint, once it gets on your clothes, is an invitation to disaster. If not caught immediately, it ends up on your car upholstery, it spreads to other clothes (if you put it in the wash and don’t know the paint is there) and sometimes finds its way under your shoes where you can now walk and leave a lovely paint trail. Oil paint is a bit like poison ivy. It’s one purpose in life is to attach itself to you without your knowing.
today is friday. and pay day. so i thought i would treat myself to a delicious sandwich from a local place WHICH* I SHALL NOT NAME because i really do love them.
Recorded in countless different places in four different countries, although most of it was done in Múm's native Iceland. In Estonia they borrowed a beautiful old house in Leigo, a place with hundreds of lakes, where they wrote new songs and recorded with the Estonian Suisapäisa Mixed choir.
Are you ready to start your 90 Day Challenge to a Healthier Happier You? Join my 90 Day Challenge and lets do it together.If you get 3 friends to join the Challenge with you. You will get your Challenge Kit for FREE next month.
~The Jesus Way, by Eugene Peterson
Here's a picture of an actual wad:
This article will demonstrate the REAL cost of ObamaCare. And what we will find is that the monster it creates will sneeze chunks bigger than the $940 billion that the CBO score pitches.
I love Arsenal, and my throat is sore from singing loudly all match (though not everyone was as vocal). But bloody hell, it’s a love-hate relationship! !
Get adequate rest after each set of an exercise. You will probably need thirty seconds to a minute of recovery, or even longer once your workouts become very intense.
To top all of this magic off, it is spring and that means rhubarb and asparagus (I am lacking a smooth transition today, oops). After eating a breakfast of vegan, gluten-free banana pancakes with homemade nutella (what?!? So delish) at my favorite spot for a bestie’s birthday we popped by the Ballard Farmers Market.
I'll provide updates as I receive them.
Soldiers have been deployed to drive fuel trucks.
Well, I guess that's about it for now. Jim brought me a cheeseburger from home this morning (he made it himself!) and it's calling my name!
Size of Library
A. Praise.
What is really going to be interesting over the next couple years is to see where he puts his focus. Lukas has previously stated his future to be in the Triathlon. In May he will compete for the US at the Pan American Junior Championships. He has stated his goal is to win an olympic gold in the Triathlon. He does seem to be a little more open to just running after his great indoor wins this year however.
I mean, there are other sculpture and bas-relief objects to search for on building facades and statues. Gargoyles or rams or fleur de lys and so forth. But also more PG-13-rated sculpted figures, like naked ladies. Of course I didn't suggest that theme to the little kid. Those folks are Americans. Nor, obviously, did I recommend another favorite, immortalized in a witty coffee-table book, Les Zizis de Paris, by Sergio-Neptunio Martin. Correct me if I'm wrong, but I don't think there are many classical zizis on statues that are in the public view in the US.
7 Schiavone, Francesca
- Nutri-grain bars 295 g $1.99 each (Kellogg’s)
It was fun. We included the kids in on it to. Everyone got a piece of artwork from our Emo child. And the older two helped with a few of the other projects. It was so fun to see them wrap the present and know they had made it. I love those smiles! and the memories of sewing, wood working, and designing are priceless.
He’s direct but not in a creepy way. He’s pretty much going to shoot first and ask questions later. But he doesn’t do it in an overly aggressive way that turns you off. This charmer is just more of a risk taker than anything. Instead of writing out what he does I’ll give you a couple examples that I felt worked well.
"Be content with what you have,
I am 36 and although i don't have a problem with the lines that i do have i would love to use something that would deliver the results that this product promises.
How do you tell a perfectionist, obsessive compulsive, clean freak that it's ok that the dogs haven't been bathed and seriously need it, the dust behind the tv's will be ok for another week and that no body cares that you have three weeks of three Sunday newspapers sitting on your front porch. At least I live on a dirt road.
P.S. Do you like my new background?? I was alerted to these new designs when I logged on!!! Fun, Fun, Fun!!!
Hello everyone...another week has flown by! We have our new challenge up and running for the Copic/Promarker group at The Outlawz. This week we'd like you to make a project that's inspired by a Book, Movie or Song...lots of ways to interpret this, so come on over and play along with us, we'd love to see what you come up with.
Erm, and something else. They found I have Addison's disease too. My adrenal glands have packed up, leaving me low on adrenaline. The clue is in the name. Exhaustion is one of the main symptoms. It's getting a bit clearer to see why I couldn't make it round Sainsbury's eh?
You may or may not have noticed that I've been away from both my blog and Etsy shop for quite some time; I've had a hectic few months which included getting married on 12th June, followed by an amazing honeymoon in Vietnam and Cambodia. Life is slowly returning to normal - still not sure whether that's a good or bad thing.
In 1953, she married Harvard University economist Alfred Conrad. In 1966, her family moved to New York City when her husband accepted a teaching position at City College. Rich taught remedial English to poor students entering college before teaching writing at Swarthmore College, Columbia University School of the Art and City University of New York.
I go on to St Georges Terrace, where trapeze artists are suspended high above the city throwing out feathers to mark the opening of the Perth Festival (which, if the posters are anything to go by, translates as the Perth International Arts Festival 10 Feb – 3 March). There are a LOT of feathers – and I mean a LOT of feathers – there are hundreds of people covered in the things and, when the crowd eventually disperses, it looks like a blanket of snow has fallen across the city. I feel that as they have gone to so much effort that it would be inappropriate to point out that today is actually the 11th.
Challenge #140 - 3 Shapes is:
Its outer surface is covered with rough leathery rind or peel featuring pink color. The peel can be easily removable in the ripe fruits. Inside; consists of edible portion or aril that is white, translucent, sweet and juicy.
Sweet slices of lemon.
Everyone I talked with before I went to Hawaii suggested that I go to Matsumoto’s in the North Shore. You can get shaved ice about anywhere in Hawaii, but everyone insisted on Matsumoto’s. Well, let me tell you, you guys were all right. This stuff was amazing. There were so many different flavors, I had no idea what to choose.
The nurse called me back, gave me some dosing instructions for children's Benadryl and was just about to get off of the phone when she asked if he was having trouble breathing.
An important factor for the survival of communities and cities in the future (considering the increasing price of fossil fuels and thus the costs of importing and transporting goods and services) will be the sustainability of cities. In Japan there is a project for energy sustainable zones going on for several areas around the country. They explain this as “An energy sustainable zone is defined as an area where energy demands for households and business activities as well as for agriculture, forestry and fisheries can be completely satisfied by renewable energy generated within the area. “ Source.
Unlike cooking other meals, baking requires precise measurements, specific amounts of time in the oven, and careful attention to a recipe. One wrong move and you could end up with a salty tray of cupcakes, a burnt batch of cookies, or a loaf of bread that didn’t rise.
The torch guttered, painting the ankle that was his target a dark cherry-red that the most primeval part of Rel's mind read as purely evil. Just under six and a half feet away. He rolled sideways, feeling the Wilder's instinctive Second-Realm curse twist the Realmspace near the ceiling, and stabbed with straight fingers into the hollow at the back of its heel.
My big shout out this week goes to my kids’ teachers. I love my kids. They’re wild, fun and ran like a pack of small, cute wild animals last week while they were out of school. I am hoping that the teachers got a bit of a break because today it’s back to school for them.
University of Leicester — Ionospheric Heating
Until then, we will do whatever we can to keep him around for many years to come.
Moral of the story is, if you’re still in those beginning stages where you have just enough information to get you into trouble, consider hitting your local shop for some tips and pointers. Our class was a lot of fun, we got some tasty beer samples, and I gained a good bit of useful knowledge despite being mildly inebriated. Most importantly, it made me really excited to start creating my own recipes and experimenting. So here’s to that! Get out and take a course and maybe make some new friends – like me! Also any suggestions on the recipe creation front would be most assistantive of you. Now go make me some beer damn it!
People who have come back are talking about how difficult their life had been in a foreign land whereas people who have stayed back want to talk about how good their life had been while they stayed in homeland. The truth is opposite but it is just that people either forget or feign ignorance in different circumstances. It is like expatriates are trying to convince themselves of the reasons to come back whereas people who stayed back are convincing themselves that not going out was the right thing for them to do.
Please don't wait until you next picnic to try this out, it is the perfect meal on a warm afternoon or evening with a nicely chilled bottle of riesling or rose'.
melted butter- 2 sticks for original recipe, 1 stick for half recipe (1/2 stick if you are doing multiple flavors)
That is not to say that such an attack will occur nor that it is even likely. However, if an attack is carried out the diagnosis of why it occurred will be fairly simple, revolving chiefly around the circumstances and factors that this paper has highlighted. Nor is it possible to point to the nature of such an attack except to warn that Al Qaeda has unfortunately demonstrated its capacity both for patience and for highly imaginative planning.
8.) The Total Frat Move (TFM) Guy - Another lock, you can find this guy by his visor, pastel shorts, and croakies (at midnight). He also tends to judge every action that you do by whether it’s frat, or a total GDI move. He has never even gone hunting in his life and grew up in a rich urban suburbia, but you won’t be able to tell by his camo hat and fishing shirt.
Hearing Test?
I was watching my brother this morning as I thought about the terrible last few days of warfare, I had been under. I let the battle wage against me. He would have no idea and was just as content as could be. This is how I should be and this is exactly what the Lord was trying to show me.
As we go marching, marching,
It’s what’s outside the frame I needed to see.
Both wrong and right, our memories
Well here's to us hopefully choosing the right paths for us and our families this year.
The arrest of former President Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo
And in verse 17 He says again, “Fear not; I am the first and the last”. No one can honestly say that except they be the incarnate Son of God, God in flesh. Know Jesus and you will be able to discern the true from the false. Know the Word of God and you will know the Living Word of God. Remember what John wrote in John 1;
The second book that I just finished today is a must read!
The knowledge of culture will offer you a larger degree of leadership. Let me share my vision of some cultural differences. From my experiences, it is important to try to avoid stereotypes and keep in mind that they are not the single determinant of individual behavior.
So is it only half as good? Nope not at all. It’s a cracking lout. It has a fullness to the body, a delicate sweetness and a wonderful crisp bite. A bang on decent Pilsner that even a “discerning” drinker would be happy to throw down there neck. On the great scheme of lout appreciation I’d put it up there as an arguably a comparable grog that could be branded and hawked at the same price of the branded goods. Boak & Bailey look at the grog here.
“Shock charge!” She heard Farnsworth yell to his smallish, female partner.
As for me, I am so happy to be out of my creative vacuum....life might just get a little easier and more productive....2012 is shaping up to be quite a year.
I want to say to all my followers...I LOVE YOU...and thank you for all your wonderful support and sweet comments. Please go check out these blogs and leave these ladies some love. Hugs, Debi
Instead, here’s what Pakistan’s lack of formal relationship with Israel achieves:
Hi, my first project of 2012! I hope the coming year is peaceful, happy and prosperous for everyone.
St Anselm, pray for us
Hannah Bartlome won high jump and long jump
I did not put the stamens in the tulips that will have to be given some considered thought, maybe fimo or air dry clay would work for that.
Switch to black yarn
Mohd Yacoob Mohd Nor, 23, arrived at the lobby of the state government office on the third floor of the Tun Abdul Razak Complex (Komtar) at 2.40 pm, yesterday accompanied by several members of the Penang branch of the Malay right-wing group Perkasa.
To give people creative confidence. Everyone can do this type of art and I want my books to empower them. I don't want to show off, I want people to think "Oooh, I bet I could do that with some practice."
What she always says are the biggest issure are the willingness to do
Mom raced home to find her husband checking the house for every possible hiding place. They screamed his name and double checked every room. The front door was unlocked when she left for the store and the son had gone outside in the past to play in the front yard or with the other neighborhood kids.
If I had to use an adjective to describe this book it would be disturbing. When people start getting blind and it is decided that it is a contagious disease they are forced to live in an asylum. This will bring out the best in some and the worst in others. Life becomes a fierce fight for survival. How far are we willing to go when it is our life what is at stake? How much is our life worth when there is no hope? A study of the human nature and its most basic insticts.
3/29/12 I am thankful for
FRI. 9/26 - "SWING DANCE PARTY" with FLAT TOP TOM @ CAFE 322 IN SIERRA MADRE, 8 - 11pm. 322 W. Sierra Madre Blvd. 626-836-5414. Full bar and great Italian food. "Pizza, Martinis and dancing the night away to great swing and blues!!! God bless!!" http://www.flattoptom.com/
Honestly, I wondered why Kelsier hadn't destroyed the Pits a long time before this. It didn't exactly fit in with their plan, but it is a major strike against the empire and would have helped lend chaos before the house war even started. I'm not sure if this will affect the skaa at all, except that obviously those condemned will no longer work and die in the mines.
Search and Rescue (SAR) teams to the neighborhoods.
The other key difference is that this is the first sequence where a major character shows up undefined by a specific role. Again, I can reel off the other roles according to types and they’re all readily identifiable – the killers, the moll, the boxer, the french girlfriend, etc. For the “Bonnie Situation”, when I list the major characters, I have the young robbers, the fixer, and…here I draw a blank on the character who owns the safe house, and I simply want to state Quentin Tarantino, because this character has no type (his name is Jimmie).
If you decide to migrate your Blogger layout to one of the new Templates, remember to do the following:
I got the hemorrhoids, stretch marks, and labor pains.......
Sasanokawa and its Cherry Whisky brand have been consigned to the footnotes of the Japanese whisky story on Nonjatta. I have mentioned the distillery a couple of times, but never really spent much time on the subject (despite getting quite a few inquiries about them in comments and emails). That needs to be put right. Cherry Whisky is actually a significant name in the development of whisky culture in Japan. Sasanokawa is an old sake and shochu making house, dating back to 1765, but they started making whisky in 1946 and built themselves into quite a force in the postwar whisky market in northeast Japan, prevalent enough to rival Nikka or Suntory in the region. One of the firm`s more recent interventions, helping Ichiro Akuto to save stocks from the old Hanyu distillery and therefore enabling him to launch his Ichiro's Malt brand, was genuinely significant for preserving diversity in the Japanese whisky world.
My cousin and his wife have a lovely little family, that recently grew by one adorable tiny human. They had their second baby, a girl. And one of the best things about new people? The opportunity to make baby gifts, of course!
“For us poor, it’s always difficult” an old man tells the reporter as he nears a garbage bin outside a super market in Vrilissia suburb in the north of Athens, at 9.30 pm. ” I live here in the last 15 year, I got sick, I lost my job” tells him another woman, apparently a migrant.
Here's a few things I've done on my journey to becoming less of a critic and more of an activist:
Cartier is a famous manufacturer of the finest watches and other jewellery all over the world. It was a family owned watchmaker brand which was founded by a French man named Louis Francois cartier in the middle half of ninetieth century. And soon his son Alfred and grandsons Louis, Pierre, Jacques inherited the brand and spared great efforts to make it a renowned all over the world.
44. Day No Pigs Would Die, A: Robert Newton Peck
and it's been driving me batty.
I chose a gorgeous Sugar Nellie stamp from the Simply Sassy Collection called "Pillow Talk." You can find this little missy HERE at Funky Kits! I decided to shake things up a bit, so I stamped the image with Memento Desert Sand ink, making the outline very subtle. The stamped image looks almost like it has no lines, doesn't it? I quite like the effect! Here's an extreme close-up . . . .
The spitting image of my father
Instead of 15 dullard facts I will reveal my fantasy to you all……..
For Obama to be right, the Constitution has to be wrong.
The text is almost unequivocal, even on first reading, as a piece about a failed or deliberately stalled suicide attempt, but unlike It Seems So Long Ago, Nancy and other songs about suicide by other artists, it lacks the sense of misery or remorse or even self-pity, illustrating rather the self-pity of a persona discussed in second person. The overall tone is one of disgust and contempt – this is more apparent in the performance of the piece, as Cohen’s voice lends itself well to admonition.
Be safe and have fun. See you at the OBF!
Labor Unions
Why was Obama's law license inactivated in 2002?
After I have finished the felting process I will cut and sew my diapers. Then I will need to lanolize them to prevent leaks. So in about 48 to 72 hours I will be the proud owner of at least 6 up-cycled wool diapers. Wish me luck!
Spence Campbell (REP) 1.91% 1,787
Clearly the gains from flexible front wings will be an ever greater performance factor next year. Even though the FIA rules amended for 2011 were even more stringent than in 2010.
Firstly take a piece of glossy paper and use your airbrush airbrush system with the lightest of three Copic colours. It doesn't have to be heavy, blotchy is fine!
I have called this show Folklore (Ready for the advertising?) which can be heard every Friday at 2pm on http://www.radiohope.co.uk (Boom there we go).
Wire hangers! Hate them. Can't live without them.
We couldn't possibly eat any more cheese...
In a January interview with the AP, Champion’s parents dismissed the notion that his sexual orientation brought on this incident, which was to their knowledge the first time he’d ever been hazed.
These muffins were absolutely scrumptious. The raspberry flavour was quite intense, which according to Antony is due to using frozen rather than fresh ones. They were also still nice and fresh the next day.
As religion-based cleanliness is increasingly marginalised in India (“God will love you whether you are clean or dirty”) trash has started piling up everywhere.. in public places. “God doesn’t care about cleanliness and I am not scared of the Government and I do not care about the society” way of thinking. Sigh!
Taking those principles, I did some soul searching and really thought about how best to spend my time. It's something that I had been struggling with for a while, and especially since I began blogging. I needed to get my priorities in order so that I could function to the best of my abilities and balance my life out. Taking the time to do this would then help me to plan my days into how much of my time should to go to certain things.
22 has
2010.08.19 Algeria Baghlia 3 4 Fundamentalists ambush a group of soldiers, killing three.
My cold delightful mate called rage
- Students solve math problems and narrate their thinking
We received a copy of Crypto Mind Benders Famous Quotations published by Critical Thinking Co. to review as members of the TOS Homeschool Crew. Since the book is graded 3grade and up I figured it would be a fun change of pace for Cameron for Math.
There is now therefore no condemnation for those who are in Jesus.
Old Knudsen isn't really a fan of his straight forward non- imaginative directing but has seen Avatar .......... back when it was Dances with wolves.
NOVEL WEEKEND BREAK: TALKING BOB DYLAN IN FRANCE
Of course, other days, I want to lie in bed and cry. Thankfully, those days are few and far between!
The big issue that boosted Najib was perceptions (not necessarily reality) that the economy was stronger than in 2008, as well as the impact of the attacks on Opposition Leader Anwar Ibrahim.
fight all the way to the convention?
cerulean towards the ceiling to soothe the customers, unlike the bright reds of
Two parts of a huge feeding mass of Sooty Shearwaters. Conservative estimate was 20,000 birds but maybe many more. By far thelargest feeding aggregating of seabirds I've seen. They were initially close in but then moved further away from the beach.
A friend of mine has published her novel an e-book and is giving it away for a few weeks. It’s gong well.
It may interest you to know, the first shocking word ever used on TV was in 1957, during an interview live on BBC news. It was another word for urination that many TV shows toss around today about as much as they do the word “and.” Much different from what standard sitcoms allow regularly now days that most viewers laugh at without a second thought. Our society’s level of shame and intolerance of that which is destitute, especially in the past decade, has declined rapidly to the point of being non-existent.
For the frosting, I made a basic cream cheese frosting and also added some lemon zest and a tiny bit of lemon juice. Once the cupcakes were cool, I piped the lemon cream cheese frosting on the cupcakes in my signature basketweave design.
Xavier knew he wouldn't make it to the bottom of the stairs and on to the beach by himself, but he did not let that stop him. Each breath emerged harsh in the seaside air, his spindly legs and veined feet ached, his arm gave way as he held on to the banister.
Motherhood kind of kicked my butt at first.
A talk prepared by a mind speaks to mind. However a message prepared in a heart touches human hearts and a message prepared in a life changes people’s lives. Instructing and informing words are fine, but information alone seldom inspires people to live better lives. (Most of us know far more information than we apply.) However, burning and transforming words go down deep and change lives.
Perhaps my contrarian tendencies are fulminating again: whereas for many commentators this second instalment in the initial native-made adaptation of Stieg Larsson’s “Millennium Trilogy” marked a point similar to Eclipse, the second Twilight movie, as a point of specific disconnection between casual viewers and fans (similarities between the two franchises there end…mostly), I must confess I enjoyed it far more than the
Music for today: Valerie, covered by Ra Ra Riot
Connie took that lifelong love of cooking and went professional later in life, after raising two kids, working many different jobs and enjoying another passion, horse jumping and showing. She went to school at the French Culinary Institute in New York, with financial help from Bobbie and Glenn, to turn raw talent into focused skill. By her own admission, as an older student, and someone with only modest experience in the restaurant world, the program kicked her butt and yet she persevered and graduated. She went on to start the chef career ladder with restaurants in Connecticut, before buying her own place in Fort Lauderdale, Florida. The Prospect Café was one of those cozy little breakfast and lunch diners. It had been around for years, but Connie brought the place new life and earned not only the respect of regulars, but her own loyal fans as well. There were more stops in kitchens big and small, before she finally wound up at the Balducci’s gourmet food store in Westport, Connecticut. I can’t tell you how well we ate when she came to visit us in Nashville. She would load the car up with stuff bought with her Balducci’s discount, and usually a stop at an Italian market or two besides. Those East Coast care packages meant a lot in the days before authentic Italian ingredients finally came to Nashville.
Before we were Vegan, Tom and I would go to the neighborhood diner and indulge in a brunch we now look back on and cringe. Sure, it was delicious but just thinking about what we ate then makes our arteries seize up in horror. Now Sundays mean Vegan brunch and we love going out to have a healthy, delicious tofu scramble with lots of greens. I always order extra greens. But we can't always go out so I make Sunday brunch at home.
Take our latest hero who went against the grain by not donning a cape. Instead he used a handful of “cheese”-flavored Pringles to fight crime. He is Snackman.
The restaurant will give you $250 if you and a friend can finish it in one hour. So far no team has been up to the task. A few people have eaten their half, but the challenge is still unbeaten.
Yesterday was a tough one for Jude...but as of right now we aren't totally sure what is bothering our little guy.
The imperiled Arctic Ocean islands include Wrangell, Bennett, Jeannette and Henrietta. Wrangell became American in 1881 with the landing of the U.S. Revenue Marine ship Thomas Corwin. The landing party included the famed naturalist John Muir. It is 3,000 square miles in size.
From the dry couple of years, the soil is very compacted and the rainfall, which would usually soak in, is gushing away into our rivers (as surface run-off) — causing flooding. Whilst the rivers are getting the brunt of the recent rainfall, the water is just not falling in the right places. Ordinarily, the water would travel through the soil into the ground water level, the water which resides underneath the rocks and soil (think of the bottled water adverts!)
One of the other best bits of the weekend was meeting so many other suppliers, bloggers and wedding industry folk that I have spent so long chatting with over twitter and facebook ... finally getting to meet them in person was lovely!
· An XML file with the extension .opf that contains the book's metadata (title, the language it's written in, &c);
The commission said government departments had reported that the turnaround time for feedback on checks as to whether applicants had criminal records took between 18 days and a month, which was "unacceptable".
If you tax the investments and seize the profits that investors took risks to obtain, then they will risk less and invest less. It is as simple as that. You are killing businesses by taking away the investments that sustain their growth.
Without education regarding human rights, many go without knowing what they, as a human, are entitled to. A more sinister product of this is that many don’t understand what their fellow humans are entitled to. Even in university some are ignorant about what rape is, with some not believing in marital or male rape at the hands of a woman.
“Stop thief!” yelled the vendor. I thought she had gone mad until I realised I was still holding the magazine. I stopped abruptly, spun round and held it out apologetically. The vendor was right behind me and ended up receiving the magazine forcefully against her chest.
8-Kids never go to sleep when you want them too!
3/4 - 1 tsp. nutmeg
On a different topic, I’ve been noting my gradually expanding library of programming books.
I want to feel connected to your protagonist, to fall in love a little with him or her in the first few pages. But if the protag is telling me their history from fourth grade up, or if they spend five paragraphs walking down a road for no apparent reason, then they're not really telling me anything, and I’m not going to invest my emotions and want to follow them along.
This notion that things are supposed to be any certain way, that we are supposed to feel good, not feel bad, not have bad things happen, not die. THIS is the enemy. This is the root of all suffering. Can I learn to be present with my anxiety without trying to change it? Can I learn to witness my panic attacks without attachment? Can I stop arguing with reality and allow my panic to just be? This is the paradox. By releasing my resistance to panic, panic goes away. That which you resist persists. Why do I think I should not suffer? Why do I believe I should not have problems? How could I live in this world and NOT have problems? Everyone has problems, this one is mine. I have had others and likely will have more. So what? Life isn’t supposed to be about dodging bullets! I’m supposed to be more powerful than that, smarter than that, cleverer than that? I have failed, I am now stupid and fat and lazy and unworthy of love because I suffer? That apparently is EXACTLY what I think. And I’ve just had the lovely realization that panic is going to stay with me until I can sit through it infinitely without attachment. It is the perfect teacher. Anyone can meditate in isolation on a beautiful mountain. Can you sit and meditate in anguish? Then you have achieved enlightenment. (Can I now declare that I don’t want to be enlightened after all?!)
Lucy Hely-Hutchinson is currently studying in the Sixth Form at Benenden School and is a long-time member of Poetry Club. She is the 2011-2012 School Poet Laureate and has poems published in Agenda Broadsheet, Grey Area (a newsletter created by the student body)and A Piece of Cake. She was shortlisted for 2012 Christopher Tower Poetry Award with her poem Postcards, the title poem of her short collection performed at the school Literary Concert. She recently read at the Agenda poetry evening in Mayfield.
Death cannot be destroyed by artificial light. But to attack to destroy the death cells with LIGHT is a feeble attempt to create life out of death.
In a small bowl combine spices. Set aside. Rinse chicken breasts and pat dry. Lay chicken breasts on a sheet pan and spritz well with olive oil. Sprinkle with spice mixture and rub in. After spice mixture is well rubbed into chicken. Allow chicken to sit for 10 minutes.
3. English translation from Alexander Roberts, James Donaldson, and A. C. Coxe, eds., The Ante-Nicene Fathers: Translations of the Writings of the Fathers down to A.D. 325. Vol. 1. The Apostolic Fathers; Justin Martyr; Irenaeus. (Edinburgh, 1885; reprinted Grand Rapids: Wm. B. Eerdmans, 1953).
"Uhmmmm... Wag na nga lang magpapaalam. (I think I'll just not tell him.) Hahaha."
That said, overshooting certainly happens, and if you feel your neighborhood has been inundated by filming, just call the Mayor’s Office of Film, Theatre, and Broadcasting, and complain. Ultimately, if enough shooting has been going on, your area will be put on “the hot list” – a list of streets that are off-limits to filming for a certain period of time. I agree, there’s nothing more annoying than having a pushy P.A. tell you to wait a few minutes before going down your own street. But you know what? He can’t legally physically stop you, and if you really feel like your 30 seconds are that important, go right by him and head on home.
In another bowl, beat together the orange rind, juice, cheese and eggs.
Written by Steven Moffat
Another Award!! This Versatile Blogger Award comes from Tabkhet el Yom, thank you very much. A recent discovery full of lovely Middle East recipes. I really enjoy the clever combination of spices in her dishes, they make you travel far away… Check her blog, you will stay.
Assorted vegetables, finely cut (suggested: carrots, celery, zucchini, broccolini, mushrooms, cauliflower etc.)
Entering these projects in the following challenges:
The new study proves the virus is involved in a manner more sophisticated and subtle than previously imagined, and may offer new ways to treat or prevent the disease.
What is needed from both state and Commonwealth governments at this stage is a public commitment to phased implementation – beginning with hard work on the detail, the introduction of legislation this year for 2014, and a phased program for providing the necessary funds as the detailed work proceeds.
Or ground turkey, onions, peppers, pinto beans and cheese.
The cold concrete steps beneath me as I sit, watching the passers by.
About the author: Ken Dalton was born in 1938. In a turn of bad luck, the dreaded Polio virus found Ken. At the end of World War II, Ken's family moved to Cheyenne, Wyoming for a year where he learned how to live through snow blizzards, avoid walking through the large pile of coal in the basement, and how to survive life as an Army Officer's brat on a base called Fort Warren.
Next to your name when linking and and also make it really obvious on
Changing people, they'll go around
The book is interesting with its unusual location. This is for fans of Cozy mysteries and amateur detectives.
Event Deadline: ongoing
I'm working to get my feet set and haven't hit the streets yet, but in chatting with reporters here at the Independent, I'm already hearing some pretty significant differences in how reporters cover crime here. In Baltimore, and the U.S. generally, an arrest in a criminal case marks a big moment in the reporting process. Authorities have to file charging documents with the court, requiring certain evidence to be laid out. With the suspect formally identified and charged, the digging then begins on trying to find out more about the case and the suspect. Here, it is the opposite. Once an arrest is made, there is essentially a blackout on information. Reporters are prohibited by the government from publishing information about the case, particularly anything about the defendant, out of concern that it will influence potential jurors. Doing so runs the risks of fines and contempt of court charges. If a reporter gets major information on a case, but an arrest is made while they're putting their article together, they will have to sit on that info until the case has been adjudicated. Of course, in America, our courts will call hundreds of people if necessary to find 12 who have not heard about the case, and they are instructed by the judge not to seek out information in newspapers or on TV during the proceedings. Reporters here couldn't believe what I was telling them about our access to court records and our ability to write about a case after arrest, and leading up to and during a trial. One expressed reservations that the media accounts would indeed sway a jury unfairly. Another big difference is that police scanners, a fixture in U.S. newsrooms, aren't a factor here. They wait to hear from police about major crimes, and alerts can sometimes take days, reporters said. And remember, because of the contempt of court issues, if they find out about a crime after an arrest is made, they're essentially powerless to do any meaningful reporting because of the jury bias issues. I was fascinated to read this account of UK crime reporting because their approach challenges some of my own beliefs that I've admittedly seldom adequately questioned.
Wanna make guppy noises and play Nemo with me? I'll let you be Dory!
Today, I was able to see what “stuck” when I was dealing with a student who wanted to go home just after lunch. He had had an issue outside with some other students, during the lunch hour. He did not want to sit down and talk about it so we decided to take my therapy dog, “Jack”, for a walk around the block to clear the student’s thinking. He “needed to get out of the school”, he said. Fortunately, Jack is always up for a walk. That dog can be a real lifesaver at times!
I promised Astrid I'd mark out all the important info, especially our license plate number,
................Come on DOWN...BIG BOY!
Let me know what you think..
I also want to thank my dear friend Lorelei. She is donating a portion of her jewelry sales to me. I cried when I saw that she was doing this. I really can't believe what amazing friends I have....and now I'm crying again.
My projects ? Projects that, were I a working mom, I would not consider bothering with. I know not what made me feel the need to embark on a quest to find and taste test home-made granola bar recipes; I’ll let you know when I find one everyone will eat. Or organize all our BBQ supplies. Yes, the pantry has been systematically arranged more efficiently than any market. Next on the list is to get the cello tuned and refine my basic skills before summer vacation because Nola wants to learn. The instrument is taller than she is, but she doesn’t see that as an issue.
what You’re doing.
I recently read a piece by my friend. I loved it. I felt like the author was so honest, so confident, so willing to take risks. These characters let themselves fully experience every bit of their emotions. I thought to myself, yes, this is life in its raw form. This is art is in its raw form. It's expressing pure, unadulterated emotions, sometimes in explosive manners. It's absorbing. It's shocking or exhilarating or painful but it's extreme and unrestrained.
I remember Dad coming into the store with me that day, showing me what I needed to get: Kotex with those long gauzy ends (sticky pads for underwear and tampons didn’t exist yet, well, at least not at that store).
Bile rising in the throat
and seeing troy
I am interested to hear if there are items people have and still wear, even though they wouldn't wear them "out".
So lately with my new workout regimine (everyday religiously) I have been making far better food choices and dropping pounds.
planned the entire operation. French Intelligence (the
Sir Benjamin Chapman Browne(1839-1917) Marine Engineer & Shipbuilder
Other than that, my scraproom is adorned with projects that I can't share until after CHA...which is just a few short weeks away! But, the Spellbinders Blog Frenzy starts tomorrow and you will get a peak at so many great new products before the show even opens. Oh my. You will be so inspired!
I START: many books (Sorry, Bookhart, that was the best answer! And I couldn't top it! Gaaah!)
You could decorate the cake with sprinkles or even fresh fruit like raspberries or strawberries. I decided to leave it as it is. It crumbled a lot when cut, but the taste was so heavenly that it didn't matter. I'm definitely making it again some time, because the outside layer is so sophisticated and elegant. It would make a great birthday cake.
Every one of you here tonight, in the mighty name of Jesus, you will begin to sing a new song. Psalm 40 v 1-3 he said when I cried to the Almighty God, he brought me out of the miry clay and he put a new song in my mouth. The bible says in 126 v 1-3 he said when the Lord turned the captivity of Zion, he said we were like them that dream, then was our mouth filled with laughter and our tongue with singing. In the name that is above every other name, from this moment forward, you will be laughing for joy; you will be singing a new song.
The Portland Summer of Solutions will:
I decided to make an extra doll to giveaway for OWOH due to all of the wonderful people that came to visit me!
Instruction for Children (Honor your Father and Mother) this is the first commandment with promise.
Unfortunately, there is no list that will determine whether or not you are or should be a witch. There is no list that is able to say if you tick three out of five boxes you are a witch and there is no getting away from it. Life doesn’t work like that, and paganism in all its forms certainly doesn’t allow for such rigid structure. It is the path of the individual, a path that celebrates uniqueness and there are a variety of ways to practice it.
Thus, I am excited to present to you twenty male musicians I find really good at what they do. One can say the purpose of this entry is just for eye candy and/or eargasm… I say, what’s wrong with that?
he was still a member of Hawkwind. When interviewed on this
So whose job is it? If CEOs are too busy or shortlived, and HR too technocratic, who should take charge?
Posted by ZeroTolerance at 3:39 PM 0 comments Links to this post
Special thanks to all the commentators that added their parts to the video, and all the others wanting to help the cause as well, in the end we have come together and try, and that to me is a success, and hopefully they respond!
The silkies are the craziest looking, hands down, with their ultra long necks, furry feet, extra toes and beginning fluff.
1 alphabetic
Quickly scoop up the dough and place it into the loaf tin. Don’t worry too much about how it falls, as long as you keep it in its ‘S’ shape.
I hope you have something fun planned at your house.
What about you? Where will you be living in a few years? What job are you supposed to take? Who are you supposed to marry? (maybe that's a question only I'm still trying to answer) Don't fear. The Lord has great plans for your future...but in the meantime, LIVE where you are. Be used by Him now. Fight for the Kingdom to come in the community where you are. I'm convinced that as we seek for the welfare of the places the Lord has us, the promises He has for our futures will begin to unfold before us.
I graduated from High School with 175 kids. I know people in Florida who graduated with 1700 kids, wth!?!?
- My wife says: I know I want Cruz’s team to win but Tickle is annoying so I want him to lose.
We each express ourselves in our own unique ways with our own unique gifts and talents
Assuming the possum isn’t really dead, the story begins to move again. The writer breathes life into it, then can’t stop to catch a breath. Plotters find themselves back on their outline; pantsters discover their subconscious was right all along. The story moves so fast, the writer can barely keep up. Forget sleep. Forget meals. Forget the children and the spouse – they know how to use the microwave, gosh darn-it!
I have seen the light
you have the answer;
Why I persevered with a review of this company over the past three years, I’ll never know. DA even ignored my own book submission back in January 2008, despite several emails to them! But then, over time, due to the nature of the work I do, I am used to publishers scattering in all directions—waving cloves of garlic and crucifixes in the air—when my name pops up in their inboxes!
-finely chopped ginger (a good handful)
This is to give an idea of the size.
The beef should be so well cooked that the beef will just disintegrate at the slightest bite and the sauce from the stew will coat the flat pasta perfectly and this will make a very hearty and delicious meal.
All right, given that context, let’s see how David Miscavige lives.
“Anyways, I’ve been kind of thinking about you. Since we hooked up you know, so maybe-“
at BN--in this day and age this kind of thing happens a lot.
In a your mixing bowl, beat together butter and sugar until light and fluffy. Beat in the egg and then the molasses. Then add in the dry ingredients a little at a time, mix until just combined.
I am making the entry simple because there are a lot of blogs to hop to! Have a LOVELY Valentines!
No more hats.
time-management apps. In fact, one of the main reasons I’m writing this post as opposed to surfing YouTube is because my browser blocked me from those sites after I reached my time-wasting quota of the day.
Topic: Should the process of creating an invention or work determine its protectability as an intellectual property?
Non-British readers may not know what The Queen's Speech is. No, it doesn't have anything to do with stuttering or Colin Firth. It is the annual speech, written by the Prime Minister and his Cabinet, and read out by The Queen at the opening of Parliament each May, which outlines the proposed legislative program for the coming year. To an American it seems quite strange. Every possible bill and bit of legislature is so protracted in the States, the idea that a speech could be read out in public which intends to initiate an actual plan of action is, well, unbelievable. And of course, we shouldn't believe that all the intended legislation will actually come into being just because the Prime Minister wants it and The Queen says it out loud. But it is an indication of what will be argued in Parliament over the coming months, and certainly, if a bill is not mentioned in the speech it is very unlikely to be considered at all.
Clark: "My next secret ingredient is um (insert tapping finger on forehead) um, um, milk"
When it came to big or luxury items, my parents didn’t buy me anything. At the time I might have thought this was ‘not fair’, but as I grew (a bit) more mature, I’ve realised that this set me up perfectly for adulthood. And actually, I’m very proud of the fact that everything I have, and every luxury item I’ve got, I bought myself.
-that if a sink is clogged it overflows
1/4 tsp. ginger
The ducks weren't dead.
Students need to trust from the first class meeting that the teacher knows the syllabus-as-narrative best of all, because he has conceived of it and written it, and will keep writing it as it goes along. The teacher must remain confident of this classroom “story,” welcoming the students in on it from time to time, so that they begin to think of themselves as co-conspirators.
This post, and the link to it in the top right hand side of the blog, will enable the curious to check out the facts at their own convenience.
I ran with my music, which is generally a no-no when I’m out that early, but I kept the volume low and my mace in hand so I could, theoretically, sufficiently attack someone trying to mess with me. I saw no one for the 58 minutes that I ran, but I was prepared!
This worked out perfect anyway because since I have been planning on turning our coffee table into an upholstered ottoman, I'm having to rethink the setup in that wooden bowl. Those clear vases with the apples aren't sturdy enough to stay there once the bowl isn't sitting on a perfectly flat surface, so since those needed to be switched out anyway, it was the perfect opportunity to give this little cup a new home.
‘You who have lost the most know best of all
"I'm confused."
Por Ti Volare – Andrea Bocelli
Actually that last was the funniest. Here’s the call, as I remember.
Per the (Company) Policy Manual, we do not pay out for unused vacation time unless an associate is employed for at least 18 months. Our Policy states:
So I call Dad again and am crying about how bad I feel about this bird…and he’s like you need to clog this hole.
if we understand that friends change.
Herman van Veen Fiets NL
I am not good at planning. If I can avoid thinking about the details of my quickly approaching wedding, I do. But I do love DIY crafts and wasting time and bright, shiny, sparkly or whimsical things, and procrastinating. Case in point, I spend my time doing things like making Jolly Lollies for kids at the wedding instead of, oh, I don’t know, gathering addresses for my guest list, or whatever other boring wedding stuff there is to do.
A solid base of industry experience can be useful during future interviews as well. Competency based interviews require examples of situations and being able to provide a mixture of academic and work based examples can help to set you above the competition. It’s not all about work though – some students on the product design courses have been offered places on further degree courses based on their placement experience.
I'm not belong to the association, though I had some opportunities to listen to her discourse.
I can't think of anything much more mindful than a garden. Let's see how this one goes...
Boil the potatoes until well done, drain and mash with butter. Set aside. In a large skillet over medium heat cook the onions and bacon together. Reserve 1/2 cup of mixture for spooning over the cooked pierogi. Add the remaining bacon and onions to the potatoes. Stir the cheese into the potato mixture. Mix well. Chill until very cold. Mix flour and salt in large bowl. Make a well in the middle. Pour water and oil into the well. Mix together. Add more flour, 1/2 cup at a time until dough is firm. Knead dough until mixture does not stick to hands. Cover tightly and let stand for 1/2 hour in a warm place. On a lightly floured surface, roll out dough to 1/4-inch thickness and cut in 2-inch diameter circles. Add 1 teaspoon filling, fold over 1 half of circle and press the edges together to seal. Bring a large pot of water to a boil, add 1 tablespoon oil, then add pierogi. Stir occasionally to pierogi won't stick to the bottom. When perogi rise to the top, add 1 cup cold water to stop the cooking. Remove the perogi with a slotted spoon. Perogi will cook in 3 to 4 minutes. Serve topped with reserved onion-bacon mixture.
Small Government or a welfare state?
I wasn't familiar with these guys in the early days. It wasn't until the 90's that I was introduced to them by this metal freak named John who would frequent the comic shop I worked at. John would swing by every week, and give me cassettes of demo's and rare obscure metal records that he had dubbed for me. What I recall most about this dude was that he lived at home with him mom, but had a porn addiction that i'd say matched almost any one I'd ever met. Dude drove around in this clunker of a car(like a la barren I think), blasting metal on his tape deck, with his video porn collection stored in the trunk so that his mother wouldn't find it at home. Totally hilarious. All I could ever imagine was him getting in an accident, or pulled over by the cops who searched his car only to find a huge stash of porn in the trunk. At any rate John taped me one of this bands demo's from the 80's. Years later I saw this sucker and knew I needed it. I guess this German Black/Death/Thrash band flew under my radar because I was more interested in Sodom, Kreator, and Destruction. At any rate this compiles a bunch of demo tracks, a live tune, and some other rarities. The band formed in the early 80's, and signed some bogus contract that didn't allow them to record anything for some time. This lead to inactivity, and then the bands break up.
Oh, Alex. He is an old-fashioned hero, but I doubt he'd think of himself that way. He admits, right up front, his bad choices and his thieving ways. When he has to, he fights. But he's not all bad; actually, getting convicted of murder and thrown into Furnace has scared him straight. Instead of entering Furnace as a bully, Alex stands up for what he thinks is right even if it is not easy. This is all first person, so not only do we get into his head; we hear his oddly lyrical thoughts. Damn, but Alex has a way with words! Not in a take up paragraphs describing something way, but in a turn of phrase: "hurricane of thoughts," "bruised shadows." He's tough -- he has to be, to survive in Furnace. And survive Alex does. But Alex is also open and up front about his emotions. He throws up from fear. He cries, from fear, from relief. And sometimes he laughs at just how absurd his life has become.
Just as you know it’s time to search for life jackets when rats start leaving the ship, we may have to concede defeat to the dark forces of political correctness, now that even the Irish are losing their sense of humour.
After one of the messiest breakups between a coach and a college football program, the Penn State brass wants to rename Beaver Stadium after Joe Paterno. Not so fast says the Paterno family. They don't want the stadium named after the late Joe Paterno, because Paterno said he never wanted the stadium named after him. Part of the reasoning is also because it would have meant signing a release that exonerating the school from being sued by the family.
Example: Chicken legs with the bone vs. chicken nuggets, or whole
If anything is perfect,and the best,
Cross legged alone in the studio apartment I wept. It was not I but was my tears. It was not my heart but the swelling persecution to come from the presence of a God so loving to reach so hard for my hand. He is present. It was God that mourned for that He saw would come. Present in prayer the Lord changes me. It makes me paranoid and each thought overpowers me at times because of the fear of what such perfection brings to me – yet such perfection can not be changed. He is never-changing and immutable. In my life now is the search for a place, a point, an apex in which to be able to come closer to that fear where my marrow bends away from sin. Too wonderful for me.
What's on your Things That I Really, Really Want That Are Too Expensive List?
“Nope. Nickname.”
- That goofy, scary-voice Bale employs as Batman.
I just wish I could have had this weekend off, so I could have went back to Michigan and seen everyone. We could have just sat in one room and would have had the best time doing nothing at all because that is what it had always been like with them.
- As a Union leader, Desmond is very much in a position to fight for worker’s rights. He has the resources to get things done quickly – which goes to explain the speed of which the Job Center got setup
This week, I found out I have plantar fasciitis in my left foot. The plantar fascia is the connective tissue that supports the arch of the foot. When this tissue gets inflamed, your heel really lets you know about it in a bad way.
Minced pork and beef, (Brown it off)
Williamson recorded into the 1990s, issuing albums on Appaloosa and Earwig, and continued touring and making festival appearances well into the 2000s. Williamson's last public appearance was at a British blues festival in July of 2006; he died on December 13 of that year. Throughout his life -- and even when he was in his nineties -- there was nothing over-the-hill about the blues of Homesick James Williamson.
x = 0.9999…
The idea that everyone must mindlessly follow whatever words they hear, in and of itself is a dangerous idea. Should we panic just because someone told us to? No. Should we panic if the loudspeaker tells us to? Maybe. Should we panic if Fox News tells us to? Quite likely. But before you go tramping people to death (and thus tramping our free speech rights by being too much of a moron to think for yourself), consider whether you are actually on fire. Dumbass.
'So bust him,' says the Chief.
rolfzeeman: I couldn't stop crying, when I heard this﻿ striking song...
At a panel on how to build big in New York, panelists, including the ESDC's Avi Schick, point to elements--public planning, realistic timetables, public ownership, infrastructure first, and media skepticism toward overhyped renderings--generally missed in the Atlantic Yards process.
Ha! Easy is a relative term I guess. The first round burned and we had 4 people scrambling around to open windows and dumping burnt oil on the backyard area. Next attempt went well, except for the small problem of trying to pour out the popcorn while it was still hot and popping missed kernels went everywhere and while the dog is trying to eat the popcorn you step on him and he limps away looking at you like you did it on purpose. In your big boots. The cats just look at you from afar like you’re crazy and please can you open a can of tuna already since you’re in there.
We couldn't be more excited!! There will be weekly classes on photography, makeup, art and much more. There are plans afoot to build a darkroom for black and white film photography. So many great things are happening here in my corner of the world and it's hard not to get overwhelmed sometimes. Anyhoo, the following images are a small sampling of our work for the first half of this year. Enjoy!
"We believe in an "open-door policy" for our children; the larger and nobler an idea, the more fit are the children to receive it, for their hearts and minds are like a great open porch, not yet bricked up by prejudices."
Philip – YES
Now he has been around 16 years.
I finally got to meet up with everyone, and we headed straight over to Musee d'Orsay. Again, a beautiful museum, and I was very excited to see some of my favorite pieces from Monet, Renoir, Van Gogh, and Degas. Apparently you can't take pictures in there but I managed to sneak a few.
How to save money buying such a thing? Buying a whole chook of course! Purchasing a whole bird and then preparing it yourself (organic free range or simply supermarket spec) is a great way to save on the on-costs of a butcher (or machine) dismantling your bird. And you can use more of the bird than you realise!
The first hour of our journey is filled with laughter and stories. Just regular fun, but otherwise uneventful. That my friends is about to change! We had just crossed over the green bridge on our way into Hopland, the coffee is long gone and I'm a bit dry from munching on bagels. Perfect time for my Superfood! So I reach behind the seat and grab my treat, shake it up well, twist off the plastic lid and take a nice big gulp.
In the meantime, I keep an eye on her whenever I'm home, trying to continually distract her from chewing at her bare bottom. This past weekend while I was swapping some laundry from the washer to the dryer, she walked into the laundry room (also where the litter boxes are). I stopped and watched her for a moment, but it appeared like she was going to go to the litter boxes. So, I continued transferring clothing to the dryer and started it up.
This week, I've been polishing and adding to the slides on my lectures and today I picked up the ingredients for two five-gallon batches of beer that we're brewing on Day 1. Both Tom and I have been talking with regional brewers to set up visits during Week 2.
Then Labor Day arrived, and now I’m facing a dilemma. In a new place where we don’t go to church or have an established network of family and friends with young children, if we want our kids to interact regularly with others their own age, do we have any choice but to send Pip (and eventually Polly) to preschool?
Christopher Reeve is back in the title role, but he is about it. Gone are Gene Hackma and Margot Kidder (save for a cameo) , as are just about every element which made the previous films great. Robert Vaughn takes the role of the non-descript megolmaniacal villain. Ross Webster. Go ahead. Describe everything you remember about him. But the worst element is, of course, Richard Pryor. Superman was a big property for Warner Brothers at the time and Pryor was box office gold. But only in a studio executive’s mind could those things go together and make something good.
Cheyenne – Thank you so much for that incredibly long email of wonderful Parisian places to visit. I will write a note of reply but wanted to say how touched I was. (And I have actually heard of you too! In fact, I wrote an article about you when I was editor of 'Wealth Creator' magazine. How serendipitous that you wrote.)
Berlin, Germany
My mother will tell me other people children are not my business. You, you are my business, and you must do what I tell you. I thank God for her, she pushed me and thank God I allowed myself to be pushed. You children because your stars will begin to rise, you better seat up and begin to work hard.
Florrie; Adam Nevill (House of Fear, Solaris Books)
And angle them the way I do, so they change drastically.
I certainly hope the "old hamburger" smell dissipates quickly now that the source has been eliminated. But we're entering the Mildew Months of the Willamette Valley, so I'm not too optimistic.
The future of the site could depend largely on the results of hydrological and soil tests being conducted by the city.
When we initially talked about the wedding Bro felt that V probably would not come to the wedding because we are having the wedding out at the ranch, dad's house and Bro felt that V would cite 'hostility' on our part if she came. We of course countermanded that assumption and told him emphatically that she was welcome and 'expected', as his mother, to be at the wedding. I, for one, am relishing the day when she sees how wonderful and beautiful our relationship with Bro is despite her efforts and want her to see that what she tried to destroy flourishes. (I know, spiteful, aren't I?)
Love her and cherish her,
It leads to improved skin conditions by cleansing all the toxins from the body. It also has several anti-inflammatory properties which help in curing skin disorders like acne, eczema and psoriasis among others. Read more in this Buzzle article on aloe vera juice for acne.
Coat a baking pan or casserole dish large enough to fit the six peppers with coooking spray.
These cards are for my sisters. Each of them needed some Chanukah/Hanukkah cards to send out to friends. I had ordered the Mazel Tov set from Papertrey Ink in anticipation of this need.
As we grow from childhood to adulthood, we leave behind the belief of Santa but the belief of love lives on. The Spirit of Christmas, that boundless sincerity of love, the giving of one’s self, is never outgrown and always lives within us. We just have to reach in, grab it and live it.
I found a few tutorials online and felt like I could probably sew the dresses without too much trouble. But when I was in Walmart buying a few last minute items for our trip, I found this pattern for $.97.
I wasn’t going to bother blogging on this as it just tends to fan the flames, but it’s hard to set out my position over twitter, especially once you have a couple of other names CC’ed in.
Grabowsky has structured the 2012 Adelaide Festival loosely on the idea of Heaven and Hell, which he said represent the extremes, the best and the worst of earthly endeavours. In this, he's calling on art's transcendent possibilities. "The arts aren't subject to time and space, they're in denial of the three dimensional," he says. "And they gain importance beyond the times in which they're created. Art isn't ignited until it's experienced: it's a contained latency that's released by its audience. It's a way of making graspable moments out of the large movements of history."
They try to run but a Time Lord voice echoes inside the TARDIS, and orders the Doctor to return to home. He tries to run again, the controls move on their own and they arrive on the Doctor's home planet. There, they meet a Time Lord who takes them to the trial of the War Lord, where we learn that the survivors have indeed been returned to their time zones on earth. The War Lord refuses to defend himself so one of the Time Lords seems to use some mental power to harmfully force the War Lord to speak. The War Lord is found guilty but somehow a band of his security forces arrive in a SIDRAT and enter the trial. The War Lord threatens Jamie and Zoe and orders the Doctor to take them to their home planet in his TARDIS. The Doctor activates a bright light on the console and runs out with Jamie and Zoe. The Time Lords place a forcefield around the War Lord and his men, pronounce them guilty and cary out their fate, which is to be dematerialised; making it as though they were never alive.
I got my lap report back. Glucose was great, my thyroid is a bit high so will need to change my dose of meds, my cholesterol is still a bit high too, 208. My LDL is what’s not good so need to talk to the doctor and see what I need to change. I’ve been reading a bit on the LDL and it has some things to do with insulin resistance too. Not that I understand much about this yet but I do read a lot of blogs that talk about it but don’t understand yet how it starts but I’ll learn. I thought with all the weight loss, exercise and healthy eating everything would be just fine or even better then fine but I guess not. I know that on my mom’s side high cholesterol is part of life so maybe it’s a start for me. I’m hoping not and maybe my food will be changing a bit more, we’ll see. More to learn.
Until next time, Readers!!! xoxoxoxoxo
In December of 2001 in Germany, a man named Armin Meiwes who was a long-time member of an online cannibal fantasy website called The Cannibal Cafe posted an advertisement seeking a male counterpart who was willing to volunteer to be eaten and killed (in that order). A willing volunteer by the name of Bernd Brandes had responded to this advertisement to state that he was interested in going through with the act and the two met up at Armin’s home on Christmas day in 2001.
Gather together for a family dinner on your own at one of Dublin’s world-class restaurants. Your Adventure Guides will be happy to help you find the perfect meal!
“Tweens?” Julian snorkeled with a roll of his eyes. “Is this how you spend your time, CoCo, conjuring up post-adolescent jargon that only you and your fellow PTA alumni can comprehend?”
in the most overwhelming way
At Rockland Country Club, par 37
He was the best golfer the world has ever seen
For obvious reasons officials in the ANC government have severely criticized the viewpoints of Professors Huffman and Maggs. Any theory that even vaguely hints towards a ‘Central Bantu Cattle Culture’, or any image of early Africa that does not sketch a picture of exclusive Black African dominance, is simply shrugged off as a ‘misinformed’ theory. The government’s fanatical approach to this issue was clearly conveyed in an address of the Premier of Mpumalanga, Thabang Makwetla, during one of the sessions of yet another so-called ‘democratic debate’ held in February 2007 in Nelspruit. (Click here to read the debate.)
Musée Rodin
The nose has loads of vanilla; caramel; fresh coffee bean and candy floss. The palate is sweet to start and really candied but finishes with a bitter hop oiliness that gets more intense as the sweetness fades.
I actually saw a member card for this store in her wallet last month! She is on the frequent flyer program (ba dum dum)!
…it means I’m ready to wash ‘em away
Forward I look, and backward, and below
This takes awhile to cook- about 10-12 hours. But, you can leave it and forget it when you go to work, and then when you get home, it’s ready! I started mine on HIGH when I was leaving the house that morning at 7am, and my cooker goes straight to warm after the timer goes off- so I was set for the rest of the cooking time.
Gold of the Amazon Women is an easy-to-watch adventure tale for... almost everyone. People die and the women have very little clothes, but it never becomes nasty or "too sexy". This is actually very typical TV-movie, even if the budget seems a bit higher than usual. The locations, I guess it's shot down in South America somewhere, looks fantastic and it's a big cast and has a couple of nice temple sets. Imagine a good-budgeted Italian adventure flick and you know what you get. Mark L. Lester knows how to get good shots and even if the budget isn't high enough to make any big action scenes it's at least gorgeous to look at.
You can try different things and change your mind. If it doesn't work well, just delete some layers.
In 2009, Mr. Brown reported a household income of $294,000 while Ms. Warren reported a household income of $980,000. In 2010 Mr. Brown’s income skyrocketed to $840,000 — thanks to a book advance for his biography Against All Odds. Ms. Warren reported $950,000 that year.
(well, it is not really big, tea pot is only about 5" tall)
Having access to the whole world’s spices and herbs at the Historic Farmer’s Market I want to try some different cuisines from around the world and create authentic recipes, not bottled sauce versions.
(Red River, New Mexico)
I made raffle tickets… only twenty-five each time and we sold them for a dollar each. The winner of the draw could then pick the pattern and the colour of the wool and Mama would knit a dress or a suit for them. All that work for about $12.00 profit ,,, but it all helped out.
Sue Kreke Rumbaugh’s I Want to Be a Writer
Kerry thought his real name “Brock Williams” sounded like a GI Joe character, so it was changed. The whole blow-up and fight they had duirng the third interview was scripted, but Bill went off-script and started talking about spirituality which he was not supposed to. For some reason, he has had a change of heart in his mission. Did he, maybe, actually fall in love with his team partner? (thus breaking all field ops rules and protocol)
Welcome here on this december friday!
When we were peeling potatoes for scalloped potatoes with ham bits in them, I was concerned if we had enough. Apparently my statement of “what you do not bring, we won’t eat, worried them again and we had more food than we could possibly sample. Whatever you may think our shortcomings are, we can sure cook well. I decided to use up the variety of paper plates in the cupboard. As we were eating I noticed a number of Christmas ones. I justified this with the comment. “Well, without Christmas, we couldn’t have EASTER.
So if Washington must pay the debt obligation first, what can be safely jettisoned until the financial house is in order? Let me count the ways. Obamacare and that one by itself should end the debt debate but if it doesn’t, then subsidies to ventures such as PBS or the National Endowment of the Arts can safely be stopped without causing a calamity. I am also sure there are a few more bridges to nowhere that can be stopped, which would result in substantial savings.
The next step always looks better, shinier, happier. The grass is always greener.
EURXG Blog (eurxgblog.wordpress.com) is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC and Amazon EU Associates Programmes designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com, amazon.ca, amazon.co.uk, amazon.de, amazon.fr, amazon.it and amazon.es. Certain content that appears on this website comes from Amazon Services LLC and/or Amazon EU. This content is provided “as is” and is subject to change or removal at any time.
Poovey, however, who knew Facts as well as anyone, said Facts' demise is undoubtedly factual.
My daughter got her learners permit for driving. It's all very exciting here in the Smack household. She was over the moon and chastised me because I didn't seem excited enough. I was thinking of increased insurance charges, my beautiful Mazda and some other less exciting stuff. I made it up to her by taking her out for a meal, doing a dance and telling her how proud of her I was - over dessert.
Cars started beeping behind me, in the mirror I could see hands thrown up in the air. The slow tortoise head began to make its interminable turn. I fell on my car horn almost sobbing with rage. He started the engine. And the car bounced away, coughing and spluttering. I revved like a boy and threw the car into gear ... as the amber light came on. Was the flow in traffic flow again to be denied?
which just happens to be the FIRST DAY OF SPRING. :)
Author, Brian Keenan, says he is “stunned” at the closure of his favourite shop. “The Exchange is one of the reasons I come down to the village. I can’t believe it’s closing. My abiding memory of the place is the day, years ago, when I went in to use the photocopier. I looked up and there was the journalist, Robert Fisk, asking Michael for directions.”
I do like the idea that style is more a of quality – something intrinsic that each person possesses, like creativity or intelligence.
The Divine Father, the Creator of All, wants you to know that He is the Creator of All, the Creator of this universe, the Creator of this galaxy, the Creator of this Earth, the Creator of All Life on this planet, including you. The Divine Creator, Yaweh, birthed your body, your mind, your spirit, and your soul. You are made of the Divine Creations, out of Divine stuff of the Earth in your anatomy, out of Divine breath in your breath.
and that's exactly what I did here using Honeydew & Charcoal twines.
To end off the week, here is what didn't get blogged about.
- 1 Tbsp pure vanilla extract
Lily is summing up how I feel today-like staying in and being cosy as it is cold and wet outside. I was working on my blanket this morning and she wanted some lap time, so we combined the two and she ended up cocooned in colours. Now all three cats are cosied up on the bed and I have been pottering around, watching films and making a cake. I made a banana cake the other night-following a different recipe than normal. It had the addition of yoghurt. I didn't have any plain yoghurt so used a pot of Activia strawberry yoghurt. It has made a tasty cake even better!
As a P.S. to this blog post, today is my Brandi's 12th birthday!! We woke up to a light dusting of snow this morning, so she's THRILLED! That crazy dog LOVES snow. I know, I said she was crazy. I adopted Brandi from the English Springer Rescue of America (ESRA) many moons ago and she has been the perfect dog for me. Even when she shredded a box of kleenex because she wanted it to snow INSIDE... yes I told you she loves snow!
He loosely followed this tutorial from HGTV to make the panel, substituting plywood and picture molding for beadboard. (We'll protect it by using semi-gloss mildew resistant paint.)
Texter: I told you I'd be here at 4.
One more day in NaPoWriMo. I’m wondering: could May be NaPoRe(vision)Mo, and June NaPoSub(mission)Mo? Not sure I’m capable of it—the next few weeks are about as busy with teaching, domestic stuff, committee work, and miscellaneous deadlines as they could possibly be—but I’ll try. One potential snag: drafting is about openness and dreaming, restorative activities when your life is too busy. Revision, though, while it can be about receptive listening, also requires intellectual focus and decisive ruthlessness. The needle might be hovering around empty on those tanks, given this month’s grading, administrative, and report-writing obligations.
Lorica provides individual consultation and group seminars on job search strategies. For more information, visit us at www.lorica.ca.
BO seems to believe that the Supreme Court should consider, even for a moment, all his sob story whining about all the people who don’t have insurance (blah blah blah). This sentiment was echoed by Sotomeyer and Kagan during the three days of 0Care hearings, and it makes me want to vomit. No court should ever consider in ruling on the constitutionality of a law (as the Supremes are being asked to do by the majority of states) whether or not its intent is “good” or in line with being “my brother’s keeper.” Nor should it consider whether or not people will be helped or even if the number of people being helped somehow outweigh the Constitution of the United States of America.
Why is this important? Because if someone reads one thing you've written, it's more likely they'll read another. It's important because, for me any way, I want someone to enjoy what I've produced. I want them to get their money's worth. Right now, I'm getting ready to release The Ravening on e-book and I'm doing an extensive revision to the original, not only making sure the writing is crisp, but actually changing some of the scenes. And as I work, doing my best for the reader, I ask, "Does it really matter? Why not leave the original alone?" Since so many people browse the books on their shelves and e-readers when looking for their next read, the answer has to be, "Yes, it matters."
but you could distinguish Miles from Coltrane
I was selected to be one of the Official Bakers for the event.
can you feel the
Also, I am teaching myself hip hop through you tube. It is so fun and has sort of taken over my life. (when I am not seeing to my kids' needs, cleaning the house, making meals, or working on art projects, that is).
4. Send a copy of your chronology to Writer Beware, including documentation. Also email Preditors and Editors about what happened. We track and keep a database of scams, as you know. Sending us your information will help us warn other writers away from that scammer.
It must be a big ask. Personally, I don't think it is but I cannot deny the evidence of my own eyes as, twice a week, the comedy of f***wittery is laid out before me.
Ferguson Brewing Company (418 South Florissant Rd, Fergusson) The Ferguson Brewing Company is the pride of downtown Ferguson. They’ve just celebrated their first birthday by announcing the fact they’ve begun distribution of their beer around the St. Louis area. Look for their St. Louis Pale Ale and their Pecan Brown Ale.
*Cookie Walk (like a cake walk)
High Definition Broadcast With HDMI Cables
Juniors participated in SOLV restoration at two spots on Beaver Creek, collected plant samples, completed research and visited Hartley Elementary to help 4th grade students analyze their bird feeder data.
~Tyrus
Myglam
*Service Issues
ET: What is conventionally called “love” is an ego strategy to avoid surrender. You are looking to someone to give you that which can only come to you in the state of surrender. The ego uses that persona s a substitute to avoid having to surrender. The Spanish language is the most honest in this respect. It uses the same verb, te quiero, for “I love you” and “I want you.” To the ego, loving and wanting are the same, whereas true love has no wanting in it, no desire to possess or for your partner to change.
You are a demeaning, cruel, manipulative bitch. I love and have loved you so much ever since I can remember. However, I cannot withstand it anymore. I am cutting off my ties with you, and my sister. I left no forwarding information, and avoid what contact I can via social networking sites.
So, we’re getting expectations set at 3 to 4 microseconds for kernel bypass. Which in turn will presumably be overtaken by RDMA NIC to L3, or will it still cost me multiple microseconds to traverse the TCP stack for ECC, retransmission, and packet ordering?
But I try to spread this message out to the BNP website comments and they will not approve the message.
In effect, what is happening is that roughly the equivalent in cash value of our aid to India is being turned round and being used to bankroll the corrupt Karzai, regime, effectively using our money to buy Indian influence in the region.
i have to be honest ... i'm really bad at the next part : passing the baton ...
As a creative writing tutor, do you have any words of wisdom and advice to give any aspiring writers?
But how do you know if you’ve written a good book?
As Douglas Hagmann points out there is a difference between evidence and proof. What has been produced is evidence, what is in short supply is proof.
What To Drink:
In Ford's alt-reality, the Eastern Roman Empire never weakened. Instead of failing and becoming known as Julian the Apostate, this Emperor succeeded in his attempt to stem the tide of Christianity within the Empire; in the 15th century (never called such, due to the failing of Christianity to become paramount in Europe) the former Western Empire and the Eastern Empire are both polytheistic societies, with Greco-Roman gods rubbing granite shoulders with Celtic and Norse deities in pantheons throughout European temples. The Eastern or Byzantine Empire has begun a sort of reconquista in Central Europe, with the Anglo-Celtic England, now bearing the ancient Empire of the Romans moniker that the Holy Roman Empire managed to hold during the same time frame in "real" 15th century Europe, being the only major force opposing it. There is but a few buffer states between these two pagan empires: the German principalities, the Italian city-states, and a shrunken Kingdom of Gaul, ruled by King Louis XI, a Spider still despite the change of realities.
I hope you are having a fabulous week:)
this concrete this
They didn't come with lamp shades and although Target had a big selection in stock, most of them flared out and I'm not a fan of shades that aren't perfectly circular or square.
Summer semester is just about over and I couldn't be happier. I am waiting for the books I added to children's lit for the Fall semester to come in so I can start working on updating course content. The one thing I love about teaching youth literature/materials courses is also what makes teaching them so time consuming - reading new titles as well as revisiting older titles so that I am up to date.
By the way, how high or flat the loaf is also depends on the size of the bowl/vessel you let it rise/bake in.
The US Navy used that intelligence, along with intelligence gathered by agents on land, to take and hold critical Mexican ports. This enabled US Army troops to land at Veracruz, Mexico for an expedition against Mexico City. (See Two Lines in the Sand: The Mexican-American War Part III)
Examining this scripture, the first thing we see is that all the people, in one mob, demanded that Lot bring out the visitors to them. If we are to believe that the account of Sodom & Gomorrah is a condemnation of homosexuality, then we must also accept the conclusion that the entire city consisted of homosexuals.
There's nothing like the feel of a good book, is there?!
Who wants to host a portrait party?
The researchers first looked at 35 biodiversity hot spots which comprise only 2.3 percent of the Earth’s surface but contain more than half the world’s vascular plants and 43 percent of terrestrial vertebrate species.
So this weekend I wasn't planning on doing anything. I didn't buy into the big pub crawls that happen every year and from my own experience are a riot, but they cost a fortune. Instead this weekend I didn't really plan on doing anything. It worked out better than expected.
The rest, it says, go to “middle income countries” States, adding: “Turkey has been consistently in the top five recipients of European Commission aid (182 million pounds in 2010), as has Serbia (178 million pounds in 2010)”.
Anyway, downsizing.... I enjoy watching t.v. shows about people touring homes with their realtor, deciding between the (a) 7500 sq ft estate with 7 beds/5.5 baths overlooking the infinity pool on the 4 acre precisely manicured lot, and the (b) 5200 sq ft home with only 5 beds/4.5 baths on the 2 acre lot with room for the dream pool & patio & outdoor kitchen. Don't get me wrong, I'm entertained - not jealous. Really, who wants to clean all that? Because in my reality, I'm cleaning it. And I'm not signing the dotted line to dust, mop, & vacuum either of those... not to mention the bathrooms. You recall that I live with 3 males. Enough said.
My little girl is in kindergarten this year and absolutely adores her teacher. Not only does she adore her teacher, she also loves taking little gifts to her teacher. This week is teacher appreciation week at the school and her teachers favorite candy is chocolate. My favorite chocolate is M&M's, so that's what she got. :)
The countdown to the debut of Chevrolet’s next NASCAR Sprint Cup Series racecar is underway. Chevrolet announced today that for the 2013 season, Team Chevy will be racing a vehicle based on a new nameplate to the brand’s lineup.
Author: Yoriko Sakurama
David Tennant will be missed in this iconic role. I don’t know if it will ever live up to his portrayal again. I hope so, because the show is fantastic and I want it to continue.
Pat Cadigan of Ceci N'est.... said "Hearing that, it occurred to me that if half a million of us all donated a pound to Alzheimer's research, we could match his donation and make it an even million.
and a lone boy practises fencing
Instagram - So fun! Apparently I was born in a barn because I just discovered it's capabilities last week & I'm loving all the fun photo filters. It's definitely my cup of tea! Follow me @jlgarvin if you're a sucker for cute baby photos like the one below! :)
Dearest creature in creation,
thing by everyone you come into contact with will help towards raising your
Julie Andrews lost her glorious singing voice, and now writes books, she simply found a new outlet for her voice to be heard.
I promised a heart-shaped stamp and here it is:
Probably discouragement, getting irritated because I thought I'd never be a good enough writer for anyone. I suppose I got over it when I remembered that I'm not meant to be please everyone. I'm meant to write for the Lord.
(concluded tomorrow)
Soon after starting on ‘Jack o’Lantern’, Robert and Joan moved to Yeovil, Somerset, and over the next five years Robert would draw 250 weekly full-colour episodes. His strips had an air of authenticity aided by painstaking research of his subject matter from uniforms and fashion to the settings for the stories. Joan recalled, when interviewed in 1997, that she and Robert tramped around the village of Bosham taking photographs when Robert was researching the location for the ‘Jack o’Lantern’ story ‘The Moonshiners’.
And the voice. Surprisingly soft. Mellifluous. In almost three decades that was all he had ever seen or heard of Bartleby himself.
Being very much a Teochew heritage, these sumptuous pastries will be sorely missed. Shops like these are being rapidly replaced by the likes of BreadTalk at every corner. Commercialism and marketing seems to be the victor against good old fashioned tradition and effort.
Some books are borrowed more than others. You're more likely to earn lots of PLR from a racy romance than a handbook on cello maintenance, for instance. People borrow books for different reasons. They borrow books that they don't want to buy - either because they don't want to keep them after reading them, or because they can't afford them in the first place.
Get 'em, guys!
The first day of work came on the Monday, she was excited but nervous at the same time. It was fun meeting new people but always worried what they might think of her.
19. Hide & Rosanna - Midnight Bossa Nova
Some Little Satan combat aircraft will attack Iran’s power lines with special-purpose munitions that use chemically treated carbon fibres to short-circuit transformers and switching stations to knock out Iran’s power grid.
Critical to Investors
Guess she doesn't recognize me when I am in a baseball hat and running. That just shows you how much "working out" she has seen me doing over the past almost 7 years I have lived here. :)
Today I am showing off some beautiful new Bo Bunny paper that I got
Owning a DVD digital camcorder in today’s technologically advanced world is an incredible luxury. Imagine being able to create home videos of your friends and family and immediately convert those videos to DVDs that can be viewed on any DVD player by anyone you choose to send them to. Personalized DVDs of home movies can make a wonderful sentimental yet useful gift for parents, siblings, or even grandparents who commonly own and operate DVD players of their own.
…please take your seats.”
Concluding in PLoS ONE, Han and co-authors say: "Our results suggest that one-time measurement of plasma vitamin D may reasonably reflect long-term sun exposure and predict the risk of non-melanoma skin cancer."
very bad,
Week 8
March 18 - Warren Christopher, U.S. secretary of state (1993-97), 85
If you're unable to join us at that time, no worries: the posts will remain accessible on the blog.
One does notice that none of the post-conviction remedies Ms. Castle describes would "ensure wrongful convictions don't happen in the first place." For that the state needs to enact policy reforms on the front end, such as requiring valid lineup practices, recording interrogations, and ensuring that invalid forensics aren't used at trial. Governor Perry has never championed such reforms, but neither for the most part has he opposed them, with the notable exception of his intervention into the Forensic Science Commission's investigation into arson science.
More rain and cold this week, and more rhubarb in my kitchen!
Eposure is a community of photographic professionals, championing the use of professional photography in business. You can visit our holding page at www.eposure.com to sign up to trial membership of our site when we launch at the end of this month.
This is the first time I'm writing in response to anyone's passing on this blog, but for me it's appropriate because much of what I write about relates to the passing of era's. I've been watching the Olympic coverage and more than once the commentators have remarked how much Beijing has changed in the span of one generation and how remarkable so much change so fast is. That comment reminded me generally of what's happening in Brooklyn these days at least in terms of what I knew growing up to what exists in my adulthood. As I watched the Olympic coverage a commercial in heavy rotation features Marvin Gaye providing soul background (for Nike propagandizing) in the form of footage from his singing the Star Spangled Banner (from the LA Forum back in '84).
And so he did.
Below are some select photos I took of the show, in no particular order:
“Surviving: The After Effects of Sexual Abuse” is not shown in its entirety due to sensitivity to the audience.
When her persistence continued, it became clear that she was not going to leave us alone until she knew what she wanted to know.
Monique Smith, 19, slammed his pet to the ground in front of her horrified family in Brooklyn, New York, last summer, after he killed her hamster, officials said.
Don't underestimate the value of meditation and rememberance.
Buy It: You can purchase the ShaveWell Fogless Mirror for $9.99 on their website.
77. Watership Down - Richard Adams
At RM230 billion, an increase from RM213 billion in 2011, government spending has continued to soar without taking into consideration the long term effect on the nation. Moreover, much of the increment goes to the operating expenditure which rises from RM162 billion in 2011 to RM181 billion, while the development budget increased marginally to RM51.25 billion from RM51.18 billion in 2011.
When the truth is found to be lies
Today I get to reveal the NEWS. The BIG NEWS I've been sitting on all week, and am about to explode with excitement.
"The night shift went on last night as usual and managed to provide 99 percent of all the ATMs with money," Westrell told The Associated Press.
To which the doctor replied, "No, but we might need someone who speaks head trauma a little later."
“No,” they answered.
I have used cheese cloth, my very last piece,
Here are a few more things you can do to help keep your food addiction in check:
The ladies in my local market refer to me as "darling".
For my second and later drafts, I write on a computer. It’s a desktop which is on a desk cluttered with papers (not having to do with the project), CDs, and a bunch of other random stuff.
1 1/2 tbsp canola or vegetable oil
Sandra: I’m not only a sucker for a steamy romance story but also for a cute pair of kitten heels. Yes, I’m a shoe girl! Right now my shoe of choice is my pair of creamy suede boots and I can’t wait until sandal season.
Place in a medium
Papers green Color'Core and white cardstocks (rubbed with DI)
Schumann – Vier Duette, op.78: ‘Tanzlied’
To return to the historical Mussolini: Without his necessarily being insincere about either, both Mussolini's Leftism and his nationalism seem to have been, however, in the end mainly tools for getting people on-side. His No. 1 priority was simply to rule -- a good Leftist goal. His considerable popularity for many years among a wide range of Italians shows how effective his recipe for achieving that was. Unlike Hitler, he was even popular with Britain's arch-conservative Winston Churchill (Hagan, 1966, p. 474).
before 6
Not long after that, the younger son got together all he had, set off for a distant country and there squandered his wealth in wild living. After he had spent everything, there was a severe famine in that whole country, and he began to be in need. So he went and hired himself out to a citizen of that country, who sent him to his fields to feed pigs. He longed to fill his stomach with the pods that the pigs were eating, but no one gave him anything.
“I think we just went over that Doc.” Doc. Ha. I may have smirked a little. I smirk too much.
Oh how I never tire of Summer’s work-arounds for the no profanities ordinance.
I wandered aimlessly, but Christ lured me back to Himself over time and through great storms. He waited for me during my time of sojourning. The power of His love became irresistible to me. That is why all of the disciples eventually died for Jesus. They could have walked away and tried to forget Him, but they couldn’t because of the love element. It is like a wind that carries a leaf away, or a tidal wave that floods an island. There is no walking away from this kind of love.
“I met Bernard again on James Whale‘s 40th Birthday Party show,” Dave told me, “and he asked me into his dressing room and told me You’re doing a great job. That’s a great character. I were chuffed. It were very nice of him.”
I really, really, really love this book. I wish all my son’s readers were like this book. He loves it as well and proved it by devouring all ten stories in two days! Seriously!
General Ronald E. Keys, USAF (Ret.)
The Governor solution to these growing problems is to increase income and sales taxes, increase energy costs at the pump by mandating low carbon fuels, mandate more unreliable high cost renewable energy for the manufacturing sector, and implement cap and trade to raise the cost doing business in the state.
but still drive-by blogging for the rest of the day...
