For this round, we're focusing on the sewing room but we'll rotate around the house ! How cool is that ?
Yes, yesterday was a strange day. This one has just been hectic. Ah, well, onward to the meeting and then the folders await. Yuck.
Betsy mentioned that the rose I had brought her at the C1 class stayed in bloom and fresh for two weeks.
18 wind
4. Legion Dominion
These disputes are something ‘that unfortunately happens quite a lot’, says Paul Holland, a partner at SNR Denton, although he says the defaulting party is unlikely to succeed. ‘It’s not an argument that the industry is happy with, and thankfully as far as I’m aware, all those arguments to date have failed,’ he adds. However, he does believe that arguments over shariah-compliance are inevitable, and not necessarily a bad thing. ‘Islamic finance has a large degree of subjectivity — that’s an occupational hazard. Scholars will take different views from one another, as will shariah boards and different schools,’ he says, but this illustrates that Islamic finance is a ‘thoughtful process’ where scholars ‘look at the merits of each case and take a view on a case-by-case basis’. Many today will welcome a more considerate, personalised finance industry, but the absence of any higher authority to appeal to in case of a dispute increases the power of individual scholars.
Being a Heathen, knowing well the power of ancestors and spirits, I see no reason why this would be different now. Is murder any more pleasant than it used to be? Nope. In fact, it’s just as horrible, going by the stories I see and read. No, what is different is how we view the dead, how we treat the dead, and how once you’re dead, everyone assumes you’re either off in a better place, or you don’t exist, and thus cannot effect people here in any way other than the emotional attachments they have left. In a murder trial, more is done to assure the rights of the murderer than in the rights of the Murdered. And after the trial, if there is a conviction, there’s decades of appeals. The reason the Death Penalty costs so much is because it takes soooo long to get through it to the final execution. I don’t want to see innocent people killed, but seriously.
I don't know their real names, so have my own already delivered to them from my head -
Embossing folder- Sizzix;
Available for purchase at any one of our three locations.
I also have a love-hate relationship with the Oregon Duck. I mean he is a rival so I have to hate him but he is pretty funny when he's on GameDay and also his ESPN SportsCenter commercial is hilarious. Hope everybody is having a good week so far! xoxo
After checking into our hotels and changing clothes (note to self: wool blazer is NOT a good choice on a tropical island with high humidity...), we headed out for an evening of fun. Following a banquet dinner, we were treated to a phenomenal traditional cultural performance featuring music composed for the event and some amazing dancing. As the performance came to a close, the fireworks began, and all the dancers and singers came back to the stage for the grand finale. The fireworks show was among the best I've ever seen, and the entire spectacle was truly magical. Afterward, we headed to our hotels and settled in for the night, the big event awaiting us in the morning.
Just my humble opinion and I'm sure you have yours.
Become eligible for the monthly Carolyn’s Compositions prize. Comment on this post. To see rules, click on: http://carolyncholland.wordpress.com/monthly-prize-for-comments/
- 1 granny smith apple
For myself, boredom is your mind demanding to be “fed”, “stimulated”, fulfilled in the same way the body must be fed and for the same reason we explore different foods as opposed to eating the same thing every day. My late Mother taught haute cuisine, gourmet preparation and dining for three decades. She was never bored and neither were those in her classes. Dinner time at the Caruba home was always a treat.
The most powerful chambering in semiautomatic pistols people actually CARRY, is probably 10mm (I often carry one myself); which fires up to a 180gr .40 caliber bullet, at up to 1350fps, for around 730ftlbs of energy; somewhere in between the .357 magnum and the .44 magnum revolver rounds (about the same as the much less common .41 magnum).
So that's about it everyone! I hope you all have had a joyous holiday season and have a very Happy New Year! And thank you Cassie, for allowing me to be a guest on your lovely blog. :)
if cheese was your favourite thing
b. circle key words
We also climbed up to the top of the Berliner Dom, and watched a concert of Schumann and Bruckner there one evening. On Sunday, finally, the sun came out, and I wandered through the Tiergarten while Michael caught up with an old friend.
Partly because I hope to get a few round of lace worked today, before I head off to Tuesday knitting—where I'll go back to the socks. (The light is OK at
Mouths half open, hungry for something, for anything.
It didn’t take me long to get back for a visit! So within a couple of weeks of leaving, I returned for a few days stay at the lodge as a guest! It was amazing seeing the bush so lush and green, but with the abundance of water everywhere, the game viewing was a bit of a challenge, and for the most part there wasn’t a great deal going on.
I am also thankful for...
Doubling, Tripling: Select stores regularly double or triple the value of manufacturer coupons. Some other stores have events like “Double Coupon Days.” Many other stores, won’t do this at all. Grocery stores like Kroger, Marsh, and Al’s double them up to $0.50, although this varies by location. That means your $0.50/1 coupon will be redeemed for $1.00/1; your $0.35 coupon will be worth $0.70; and so on. Select Kroger stores will triple the value of manufacturer coupons that have a face value of $0.50 or less, making a $0.50 coupon worth $1.50. Some stores will automatically give you $1.00 off if the value of your coupon is between $0.51 and $0.99. K-Mart has “Double Coupon Days,” during which they will double any coupon valued at $0.99 or less. Consult your stores’ coupon policies (more on these to come), and/or speak to a manager to be sure of how or if they handle this practice.
Thine hand shall be lifted up upon thine adversaries, and all thine enemies shall be cut off.
Scenario #5 calls for the introduction of French Immersion in 2015.
Turns out he does have pictures in his phone… alot of them. Mister small town fire fighter has a kinky side. He showed me a full on photo series of him stripping in front of a fire truck. Okay seriously hot. Now I can dance for this guy no problem, wasn’t attracted to him before. But i am now. Fuck I’m superficial huh? I dance for him for two songs, a total of about 8 mins. He pays me my forty and asks for my number. I figure why not? I’m sick of my old bootycall troy who treats me like shit and either leaves right after or tosses me out right after. Time time renew the roster. I gave him my number as long as he promised to send me one of those firefighter nudie pics so i’d remember who he was. I honestly didn’t think I’d call him, he wasn’t anywhere close to my type and I just kinda wanted to string him along for fun. I’m evil and cruel like that.
“I see what you’re getting at, GB,” said Derek. “But I’m not a carrot…. and Sally isn’t a glass,” he added, looking shyly at his female companion.
Freedom from hatred and cold hearts
Add sweetener/flavoring: Blend again until smooth. You can enjoy it thick or add more filtered water to make it a lighter milk, strain it through cheese cloth/strainer.
who will stop the rain?
long after she was fast asleep.
Ok, first off, to let everyone know, I HATEHATEHATE people telling me what to do and how to live my life. Even though his advice was probably very sincere and only said to help me, I know what I want and I’m not changing my mind for anyone. You know those people with parents that want them to be, say, a lawyer, and they do it just because they said so? Well, I am the complete opposite; I wouldn’t care if my parents despised my dreams, I would do it anyway. Heck, even the pope could not convince me otherwise. So when my doctor started his spiel about my life and insinuating that I change my plan, I got severely angry. Of course, I didn’t show it.
Lorraine: "Calvin! I mean, Marty. I was wondering if you'd ask me to the dance this weekend. I'm planning on wearing my pointiest bra."
thank you sarah! that truly means the world to me.
Durning my conversation with my dad he brought up a very interesting point. He asked:
Nevertheless it will be impossible to be convinced these are all cause-and-affect relationships. Someone that goes with a vegan diet plan could be understood is quite in tuned with his diet and thus, his health. Is that person being compared to a non-vegetarian who doesn’t give his diet another consideration? To explain, if an individual maintained the Mediterranean Diet Plan which included lean meat, fish and animal byproducts that were actually healthful and avoided animal byproducts that weren’t healthy, how would he compare statistically to individuals using a vegan diet. I haven’t been able to locate information that are specific for that group comparison, and lacking one I’d believe that statistics are often misleading.
But because her tee was tucked in, she didn't feel comfortable with that so she kept the jacket snapped shut. She saw herself in a mirror later at school and felt like she looked really creepy. So she probably won't wear the glasses anymore. Or the jacket.
At dinner, she told me very calmly that she isn't sure she likes school and maybe she wouldn't keep going. I asked her why... and my heart broke when she said that maybe she just likes it at Little Explorers more. By the end of next week, I'm betting she's changed her mind. But right now, she's going from practically running her school (if she could ever find a way to fully trick Ms. Lori into turning over the keys, she'd totally love being the boss of the school) to feeling small and overwhelmed in a huge place where she doesn't know anyone. She's gone from being in a place that we consider to be part of our family to being in a place where she doesn't know anyone and feels alone.
I know many of you might find it hard to stay off the phone while in the lavatory (fancy word for boom closet), but do please try. If you can’t then at least shut off the ringer, and pretend you are talking to yourself. You know , like a crazy person would. A crazy person that would like to have a phone conversation while doing the needful in the bathroom.
Oh and sorry about the wonky picture. I recently borrowed a digitial photography book from one of the guys I work with ... hopefully it will help me take straighter pictures. The color and clarity of the picture was great though, so that's good.
Click on ‘Report item’ on the right hand side of the page, located on the same line as the Description and Postage and Payment.
Sunday night I was a part of a concert at our home church. This was a very special concert celebrating the gifts of our church community and many local Houstonians. All the works presented were arranged, composed or written by Houston composers. Many of whom were in the room. I had the honor of singing three of my songs. Three songs that I’ve written. Three songs that are going to be on my first album coming out this year. One of them, an updated arrangement of a hymn with an original chorus. Each of the songs I am proud of. Each of them I am inspired by. And each one I was blessed to share. Two of my talented friends accompanied me on piano and guitar. Making the fact that they were done acousticly (a departure from the record) really special. They came alive. I was happy. I felt the Holy Spirit through it all.
Acrylic paint
Also, like I said, it's boring. Compared to the real threats to life on Earth, the righteous ascending and months of war with demons just seems 'meh.' When we talk of giant rocks smashing into the Earth, or the immense power of the Sun, or a gamma ray burst which would microwave all life off the surface of the Earth, now those are powerful demises that should be feared.
Coming down for breakfast Monday morning, it was to find my husband transfixed by the television; he had even stopped eating and was holding the spoon half-way to his mouth comically. I looked at the screen but all I could see was the news reader shuffeling his papers.
We live in a world where two people can hate each other and still get married, but two people who honestly love each other can be banned from doing so.
Then there will be those who learn that the latest results were released to the media without notifying either parent first, and that Henry’s parents found out the latest results just like the rest of us did – and pretty much most every one of those people is going to think, well, THAT was a shoddy (I’m trying hard not to curse here) thing to do.
There is also another way that we can misuse the Lord’s name. As Christians we are a representation of God Himself. What we do and say represents our opinion of God, and it can also affect the opinion of others about God as well. It was so important to God that we act righteously in His name that He made it a commandment!
Just then she stops and turns around to face him.
Have a wonderful rest of the week!
He latched onto me this trip and wouldn't leave my side.
Updates will be made here as the day progresses.
Prof Levin believes firmly that two is better than one.
What’s at work here is the basic structure of contemporary activism itself. Pick nearly any issue that inspires activism nowadays, and you’ll find that it fits into a strict and stereotyped narrative. It centers on something bad that’s going to get much worse if nothing is done, and the “much worse” generally ends up described in ever more luridly apocalyptic terms as the movement proceeds. Victory for the movement, in turn, is defined for all practical purposes as preventing the worst case scenarios the movement itself offers up; high-level abstractions such as “peace” and “justice” get a lot of play, but it’s very rare for there to be any kind of meaningful vision of a goal to be sought, much less a pragmatic plan for getting there. Opposing the bad, for all practical purposes, replaces seeking the good.
No one does Halloween like the uber-creative Stefanie of A Brooklyn Limestone In Progress. I’ve long admired the renovation she and her husband undertook of their home, but it’s her outlandish and always well thought-out Halloween decor that I look forward to every.single.year. I’m sure her whole neighborhood does!
Paper - PTI White and True Black Cardstock
So I made it with tribal shield on the outside...
“I am a big man,” Ozymandias told me, “but Bill has a neck twice the girth of mine. He may only have one arm but, when we met in 1982, I could see immediately he was extremely tough. Red hair, red beard, strong, broad neck. We immediately got on.”
So, talk to me
Sloka 6 of Stanza 6, Book of Dzyan, went on to further contend:
But through making our struggles known I have had several people email me encouragement. Some have been encouraging to me and some have asked questions. How did we know, when did we decide to seek help, what questions did we ask while balancing our faith and morals with treatment options, how has this strengthened/affected our marriage...you name it, I've been asked it. It's amazing to me how it all comes at just the right time...always. God has put people in my life as a prayer warrior, as a friend of encouragement, and as a shot of hope just when I need it.
In the afternoon, we decided to visit a museum. But not just any museum. This was a museum unlike any other in the world, an entire gallery dedicated to a single human body part.
when we move there in July.
Is anyone else participating in the Tour de Fleece this year?
So, Rosalie, without giving away too much of the plot, would you like to tell us a little about 'Coping with Chloe'?
I was hoping to avoid this, but I have to go back to Weight Watchers.
But for now grab a few tunes from the band below:
May we raise a glass to OUR HEROES! WE love you...We miss you...We are proud of you....We are forever YOURS!
How did things end for these people? We went back to see the lady we prayed with a couple of days later and she didn’t know anything about her pancreas yet, but she said that after we had prayed for her the pain in her was GONE. She told us yet once again that she knew we were sent by God.
Well thats the major stuff... there are minor little touches that playtesters have been asking for too, but I will wait until the beta is ready and let you read it then.
Download link in comments.
The closet was tiny. My three daughters’ closets are of similar size to the one I performed in, so they don’t hang out in them. They just shove their junk in and go lock their velvet-roped bedroom doors. But my closet had to be a dancefloor, rock and roll stage, and an awards podium. My lame parents caught me, deep in fantasy, wonder and The Beastie Boys Licensed To Ill. My glares were dagger-filled.
A former Goose Creek pastor plead guilty Friday to sexually abusing a child over an eight year period.
Brother Pickles (cleric, dumb yet dependable.)
At principle issue is a change in the patent process that altered the “first to invent” requirement into a “first to file” system. Under the new system, once President Obama signs it as he undoubtedly will, it will no longer matter who actually invents something. All that will matter is who files the application first. How does that protect inventors and spur innovation? It strains credibility to believe this does anything but open up actual inventors to even less protection than before.
The more I read and studied God’s Word, I learned that the trials, troubles, worries and persecutions we suffer are, “but for a moment“. 2 Corinthians 4:17 says, “For our present troubles are small and won’t last very long. Yet they produce for us a glory that vastly outweighs them and will last forever”! What is this “glory“? Glory is knowing and believing that one, you are safe in God’s hands. Two, He will never leave you. Three, he will never put any more on you than you can bear. And finally, when this life is over, you will never have worries, troubles, pains or persecution again. Why? Because you will be in Heaven with HIM and your precious Lord and Savior Jesus Christ!!!! Glory to God!!!!
2. Bullet points for your free report. Again, you want to highlight some of the specific things you will teach them in your report. Don’t tell them exactly what the secrets are, just let them know there are secrets and that they will miss out if they don’t sign up.
In Kiss a Mezuzah, there's an interesting post about American atheists targeting religious neighborhoods with signs in Hebrew and English. Click here to see the post.
KATHLEEN HANNA, riot grrrl pioneer, musician, feminist, activist, blogger. There is a fiercely intelligent woman behind the goofy dance moves and cute smile. Hear her with Bikini Kill or Julie Ruin, but PLEASE do listen to Kathleen with Johanna Fateman and JD Samson in Le Tigre. She is passionate, inspiring and awesome.
A Felicidade 02:06
“Jessie’s Girl” is his only hit to reach #1 on the US Charts.
prison and put a price on him, or her, and hypothecate that price many
My co-workers and I sometimes hold organic church conferences throughout the country. These events are designed to do several things. One is to equip believers to be prepared to live “body life”. Another is to connect people together who are like-minded concerning organic church in their geographical area. These events are training and equipping events, they are not meant to be organic church meetings.
What is Learning Objectives Based Grading (LOBG)?
Oh man, I know the feeling. But waiting is almost as bad as rejections. How did you cope with those?
The book fair in the library also drew parents in and did a roaring business. I was going to say that this was a successful form of engagement, but is it really active engagement? I guess it encouraged a whole lot of new books going to new homes and hopefully parents will take an interest in what their children bought. Regardless of how meaningful it was as community engagement, it was still a worthwhile event.
I am not happy with that.
I especially loved the one from the guy who sounded like he was calling from a busy cafe (noisy) in Bangladesh. His accent was so bad I could only figure out that it was something to do with my computer. I finally lost patience and said "since I don't know what you're talking about, it would be wise of me to end this call....so good-bye" and I hung up. I had to laugh when I checked the caller ID after I hung up; 1-000-000-0000. No lie, that's honestly what it said. Most of the others just say "out of area" and give you no further info.
All next day I waited for her return
Kelly had been born in Puerto Rico where her father worked as a groom and breezing race horses in the hopes of becoming a jockey. An opportunity came along when she was three and Raul moved his family to Lexington, Kentucky. In Lexington, he was able to work his way up from grooming race horses to training them. Now he trained and managed his own small stable. With any luck, he could end up with a future winner in his barn.
I'm not sure what this says about me. Perhaps I have tried too hard to flee the "big hairy love story writer" moniker. Perhaps I have been in denial about who I am as a writer. But no more. I am going to totally embrace this fact about me and write strictly from the heart. Even if I have to market the more serious, dark material with a pseudonym.
Very good beer. I have a sixer held back to see how it ages, and I bet it keeps getting better.
Once the train got going, one girl yelled at the top of her lungs, "I'M HAVING THE BEST TIME OF MY LIFE AND I HAVEN'T EVEN TAKEN ANY DRUGS YET! WOOOOOOOOO HOOOOOO!"
This turned out really delicious, and saved me so much agony over getting a home cooked meal into our bellies on time. The only thing I would change next time is the veggie to noodle ratio. I hadn’t expected so much pasta when I layered the veggies, and so next time I might actually double the vegetables.
How cute is Mark in his vintage bark cloth Hawaiian shirt!! He’s such a good sport.
I want to challenge you. Don’t just decide not to speak in a negative manner, chose rather to REPLACE those negative words with positive, uplifting words. Your tongue sets your direction and helps you stay on course when the winds of opposition blow. Words remind you of your objectives, help you believe you can achieve them and keep you going when you feel like quitting. Steer you ship in the right direction by keeping positive words in your mouth.
I've been testing granola bar type recipes.... does anybody have one that is very tasty and that actually stays in bars when sliced?
Why are we failing? Why do millions of Jews prefer to be entrapped in the never ending spiritual and often physical quicksand of the galut, rather than take part in the "spring-time" of the revival of the Jewish nation in our ancestral homeland?
Avocado slices
Ted: I go in the ga'age and find missing piece to Al's bike in no time, right?!
Many Christian writers are familiar with God’s command to Habbakuk 2:1-2; I will stand on my watch and set myself on the tower, and will watch to see what He will say to me, and what I shall answer when I am reproved. And Jehovah answered me and said, Write the vision, and make it plain on the tablets, that he who reads it may run.
Sadly, we missed an opportunity to participate in a Hong Kong-based cave-design contest—its deadline was September 2011—called the "Rock Caverns—Unlimited Creativity" competition: "Competition entrants are required, with their unlimited creativity, to propose ideas related to the potential usage of underground space in Hong Kong." A detailed design guide, called the Geoguide or Guide to Cavern Engineering, was published, and it remains available in full online.
On the professional front, I am sweating on meeting a deadline for the new book. With my editors expecting a squaeky clean manuscript in their hot little publishing hands by the end of January, I am tippity-tap tapping away on the keyboard every hour that the good Lord gives me.
Birthday Bash - Presents are 3 1/4".
My splits were fairly even at RR100. I had to artificially hold myself back, so that I would have even splits and a strong finish. One young friend of mine (from KC), didn't hold back for the first 30 miles or so. He DNF'd, even though (compared to me) he was 20-years younger, 70 pounds lighter, well prepared, and in much better running shape. I caught him by mile 40, at the main aid station. He ended up DNF'ing at mile 77 due to being extremely cold, and not being able to warm up. This is a classic sign of running out of fuel. He was flirting with hypothermia, even though it was only 30F or so, and he had 5 jackets on.
Suruga Bay Imperial IPA comes from Baird Brewing a brewery who hail from the seaside town of Numazu-Shi in Shizuoka Prefecture Japan. The brewery has won three gold medals at the recent Beer World Cup 2010 which was held in Chicago IL USA back in April. Congratulations Guys!
I was devastated. I looked out the window of the room, knowing that was it. We were going to lose this baby. Ruben prayed as we waited on the doctor to come in, but in my heart, I knew from all of the research I'd done, I'd never even seen an example of anything over 6mm, that things looked grim.
When children are learning to walk they embark on a process that takes time. They stand and fall. They take a step and fall. They take two steps and fall. We don't write them off. We don't say, "Oh no, he is 14 months, at this rate he'll never learn to walk!" We don't see a child struggling to walk and pass judgement on the parents. We don't automatically assume the parent is too busy or too lazy to teach the child. We have faith, that the child will learn to walk.
In 2008 Roger Clemens appeared at Congress on oath, along with his former personal trainer, Brian McNamee. By this stage Clemens had been named by Senator George Mitchell in the report he had compiled into PED use in baseball. McNamee had accused him of steroid use. Clemens had sued McNamee and McNamee counter-sued Clemens.
There are reasons that we have high drop out rates. These are some of them. We feel abandoned and disdained.
I’ve known my share of both kinds. Both shake you to the core and make you wonder if life will ever be ok again. And sometime it isn’t. Sometimes that cold and broken hallelujah comes out of the realization that something irrevocable just changed and that you have no choice but to find a new normal, and it takes you out behind the knees and leaves you gasping for air on the floor. And that broken heart, that humbled spirit that has nothing left to offer but a hoarsely whispered “hallelujah” in the middle of the mess and blood and tears and the snotty nose, is like a magnet for God. He runs to be near. Even if we caused our own problems, He is there instantly. In that moment we are so incredibly beautiful to Him…and He rescues us with no regard for whether or not we deserve it. We’re His kids. He loves us so passionately it’s nigh scandalous.
UPDATE: My dad and his wife just visited me for 30 minutes. I dissociated. Went to the nurse’s office and got 1mg Clonazepam. Trying to calm myself down. Wasn’t easy with them. My dad walked in with a concerned look on his face and started to say that I am stuck here and shouldn’t be here. I said that he doesn’t know how I am feeling or what I am feeling and I am not stable enough. So he said that the staff had said I am ready to leave when we had a meeting with them. I said ‘when did they say that?’. He said that they’d said that a place will most likely come up in the rehabilitation place within a month or few months maximum. So I said ‘that’s not straight away then is it?’. He nodded. He’s plainly disappointed that I am still in the hospital, after being here for a year now. It’s because he cares so much, it somehow turns around in an argument or sitting there in silence and awkwardness. So, that’s what happened.
Okay, I'm ready for winter to be over! We made it through the holidays, now there's not much to look forward to except cold temps, short days, and too little sun. I will say though - the one good thing about winter (foodwise) is citrus season. I love citrus fruits, and lemon is probably my favorite. It makes delicious desserts, which we need to comfort ourselves.... to make it through these next few months. I found this recipe on www.allrecipes.com, (Yogurt Cake), and I adapted the recipe to suit our tastes.
He is a big gamer and every gamer needs their fuel, right! LOL! So I decided to make him a goodie basket full of some of his favorite treats that he can munch on while playing Call of Duty! The twist is that he only got 7 treats one for each year that we have been together!
So I went looking for these huge issues that only Democrats could solve and Republicans were trying to make worse. Since this is a big issue (or you would think so from the media hype) it should be easy to find these lists of problems/injuries. Guess again.
But we still only have one set of hands each, and there are times, especially when Josh or I are on our own with them, when one hungry, tired, crying baby has to wait for us to finish tending to the other hungry, tired, crying baby. That happened to Evie, who wanted to get out of her Bumbo seat, the other day while I was trying to get Will fed and down for a nap. When I returned from putting Will in his crib, this is what I found:
Do you even read what I write? How is any of that "great news"?
The heart of the complex is the Red Palace (Potrang Marpo), painted a deep red and used primarily for religious purposes. Richly decorated with painting, jewelled work, carving and other ornament, it contains several shrines and the tombs of eight past Dalai Lamas. Before the tombs are precious votive offerings, including a pagoda made of 200,000 pearls.
As we carried him home that night, turns out; quite a lot!
3rd Place 1 Registration fee waived for the Fall ’12 Leadership/Honors
in black suits.
Some substitutions on the skill tree could be taking out sandman's points and putting them into luck so your cleric doesn't fall to status effects. Heck, you could max luck if you also take out 2 points from Divine Power; your heals will be more costly, but you got protection from statuses at least.
I have a few blog friends who are aspiring authors, could you tell us about the process of getting this book together?
Both movies were not as super as they expected.
After we came home and had dinner, we had another interesting conversation.
Confused, she said, “What is
Nowadays Buenos Aires is a very expensive place to live. The only thing that is more reasonable here than my home town of Los Angeles is housing, but due to California's recent economic problems, even that is changing. But oh yes, tango shoes are still a steal!
there is no place I know outside today
For eight minutes.
WHOEVER HEARD MR. OBAMA’S CONVERSATION WITH THE RUSSIAN PRESIDENT LATELY ,SHOULD THINK TWICE BEFORE VOTING TO RE ELECT MR.OBAMA.
I hope you are all well! I have a new baby card in progress at the moment, but not sure when I'll get around to finishing it - Mr Mojo always disappears when I'm stressed, and boy am I stressed at the moment - I am so busy at work, and I also have worries about Eleri at the moment.
who carries and who care,
Every soul may your grace find
Hi ladies. I hope all of you had a wonderful weekend! Will and I spent our first weekend home in Boston after three weekends in a row of traveling. It was amazing to finally wake up in my own bed on Saturday morning and enjoy a cup of coffee in the comfort of my own living room (it’s the small things, right?). The highlights of our weekend included dinner at Strega on the Waterfront, a fabulous Italian restaurant in the Seaport district of Boston; a night out at one of our favorite watering holes, Lucky’s, to celebrate a friend’s birthday; and a champagne filled Sunday morning brunch with a great group of college friends.
Naturally the Greens muttered things about "bigger, better, more effiicent electric cars" - not a bad idea but they forget that cars are merely assembled here. They are not made here.
- 110g heavy cream
Under Manuel South Africa has achieved a lot economically for the past 12 years, earning the respect of local and international investors.
"Would you stop doing that? Of course it's a dream. How could I be up here? And how could you be here? You're dead!"
Leadership Retreats are important- do them!
Written by Theodore Sturgeon; Directed by Joseph Pevney
CNN.com stated, “Looking ahead, the offerings on the catwalk for Spring and Summer 2012 indicate a definite return to femininity and glamour.”
Check back tomorrow for pt 8!
In a small, heavy-bottomed sauce pan, combine the cream, sugar, honey, and butter. Cook over high heat, stirring once or twice, until the mixture just comes to a boil. Remove from the heat, quickly add the vanilla, then whisk in the sifted flour. Pour the mixture into a bowl and fold in the almonds and rosemary. Let sit for 15 minutes, infusing with the rosemary, before removing the sprig. Transfer to an airtight container and refrigerate. (Can be kept up to a week.)
Here's one: Supporting your needlepoint stores — online and physical stores. Both have roles to play.
This is not the best dish I’ve ever cooked but its one of the ones I’m most proud of. It sort of makes me realize how much my confidence as a cook has grown since I began this blog mishegas. For lack of a better name (and because I love my son and this is what he named it) I present to you Test Taking Pasta.
For the Fallen -W.B. Keal
Today I cleaned it up and placed the machines in their new home. The man of the house says that it is ugly and is researching paint. I however am just thrilled to have somewhere to put my machines, a space to sew and a bargin to end all bargins.
McLaren ends his article with a paragraph that begins, “I probably agreed with Pete when I was his age. Now my journey has taken me to a place to which Pete may never come, or even want to come.” This sounds a bit condescending, like Job’s friend Zophar: “What do you know that we do now know? … Both the gray-haired and aged are among us, older than your father” (Job 15:9, 10). Perhaps McLaren should read Elihu’s rebuke: “The abundant in years may not be wise, nor may elders understand justice!” (Job 32:9).
Yes, I know you writers must hear it a lot.
Szszsz (6.5) didn’t make any save throughout the game. Clichy (7.0) worked very hard in defense. It’s a shame that he chose to pass rather than shoot when he was one-on-one with the goalie. Sagna (6.8) would have wasted no time shooting. Injourou (6.7) put up a descent performance. Koscielny (7.2) scored the match winner. Whizkhid (6.8) showed good movement. Song (6.4) did okay before getting injured. El Capitan (7.0) created the first goal. Walcott (6.5) gave Crossy Baines a busy night. TR7 (6.6) had a lot of nice touches. rVp (7.1) was unlucky not to score. Diaby (6.4) dwelled on the ball too much. Hotty (7.0) scored his first goal in 9 games. Wald Bezt (6.6) showed good technique by executing the overhead kick perfectly.
Today is just at bad day, hopefully tomorrow will be a little better.
Of course, now I'm imagining what's going through Mountain Man's head as he reads this: Got out of bed before 10 on a Sunday? You? Really?... Ironing? No, I'm sorry, I absolutely can't believe that one. The sooner we get back to our 'normal' Sunday ritual the better.
Someone poisoned me.
I can’t say I was particularly fond of the lace portion. The stitches seems clumsy and it took me several tries to get the first clue right. But that may have just been me. I think the design is really pretty – but I wouldn’t want to knit a ton of it!
Given that obvious fact, why do owners buy special beds for their pets? Go with the obvious answer: cat beds, like numerous other pet products, are made to appeal to the owner, not to any real need of the cat. If you buy your cat a bed, he will probably sleep in it—there, and everywhere else in your home.
5. People who wear pj’s as clothing. I don’t know who started this trend or why but I thinks it’s ridiculous. I mean how busy are you that you can’t change out of your pj’s and slap on some clothes in the morning. I’m not the only who finds this annoying. I googled pjs in public – 4,860,000 results in 0.17 seconds.
I’m haunted by these paranoid cries
A congress of forces is stepping up to the parliament
The sum total of my impression from these readings is that even a great poem is usually the result of a handful or even just a few great lines. True, those other bits may be workmanlike enough, but if, like myself, you look for greatness from the first line to the last you will be hard put to find very many, if any poems that meet that standard.
“No…” Daniel rubbed his shoulder. The fire had started to burn again inside it, but apart from that, this morning’s strange leakages had seemed to be a purging of his body. Even the scars and sores from the fight appeared to have cleared up a little more than would otherwise be expected. So maybe he had made a mistake when he had arrived here and spoken to Marcello… “I don’t need it…” he finally muttered.
Field Green Salad With Haru’s signature house dressing
This morning I couldn't resist just having tea alone while sitting outside
We returned to the backstage area and after a cup or two of tea, got ready for our performance.
Inventive Christmas time Invites Guarantees Your current Vacation Christmas Party are a wide Success!
Then they sent me to get undressed for the...chest X-Ray. Now, why in the fuck, if they were going to do it there, FOR FREE, did they put in the letter that I had to bring one with me? I waved my X-Ray envelope at them and they let me move along down the assembly line.
The ANC’s national disciplinary committee expelled Malema from the governing party this week, after it found he had threatened the party and held it to ransom.
Actually now that I think of it, it sort of reminds me of me our first drunken night in Paris....except I was wearing clothes, my hair is a little better than that and I am maybe a little bit slimmer. And I wear glasses. And I am not made of stone. But other than that, it did look like me, after way too much wine and fun that first night. Ouch.
Harper calls Jack and wants him to come to London and so I let Jack take me with him in his beaten-up car. Jack cannot hear the whispers but he always promises he believes me. The announcement has not come yet. Maybe the cloud is spreading slower than expected.
The women who went into munitions work, known as Munitionettes, were paid better than some others as the work was highly dangerous and carried a serious risk to their health. However, they were still paid half of the wage of a man carrying out the same task. Here we are nearly a century later and, in some areas at least, women still find it difficult to break through the glass ceiling. It’s possible to read in some first-hand accounts of the women having rolls of banknotes (Lyn Macdonald, 1914-18, Voices and image of The Great War), but I don’t recall any such legend within my own family. Whatever my grandmother earned would have been ploughed back into the family resources. Max Arthur in ‘Forgotten Voices of the Great War’ uses transcripts of original recordings held by the Imperial War Museum. Some of the ‘voices’ are of munitions workers and they probably present a more realistic picture of the dangers and hardships these women faced on a daily basis.
Have a lovely week!
So here I was last Wednesday with a dead computer and a service plan that had expired one week too soon. I decided that even though the plan was expired, I had to try and get Best Buy to do something. But first, I called my brother Paul in Cleveland who knows even more about computers than I do. He suggested I buy an adapter that would allow me to hook my laptop’s hard drive to another laptop as an external drive. So after a quick trip to our local computer store, I removed the hard drive from my dead laptop and hooked it up to my fiancee’s laptop. After saying a quick prayer that the hard drive wasn’t the reason my laptop had died, I plugged it in. Of course, it didn’t instantly work the way it was supposed to, but after another half hour of messing with things, success!!!! My files were still alive. That was an instant weight off my shoulders. At least I had the chapters of my novel and my work files that hadn’t been backed up. I wouldn’t have to spend hours trying to reconstruct them. Which was a good thing because I knew it would take hours trying to get Best Buy to do anything about fixing or replacing the computer. I wasn’t wrong.
it was covered in lacy shadows of a million leaves...
Because she is an RN, my faith in her abilities were well overshot. I had no clue she could suddenly turn myopic due to emotional neediness. But she has.
Let me kiss that neck
I know I'm already thinking of projects for this beautifully soft color and what other colors will compliment it. We will be getting a sample quart to play with and to show you soon, but it won't be released for sale until late March, early April. If you want to secure your pot of Antoinette you can certainly pre-order it and we'll send it out as soon as we receive our supply!
It seems easy to look at these in authority who violate laws and point, but how different is the basic attitude with those lower in the political food chain?
I have lived all over the place – so you know what that means – I know all the good op shops! This is where I found the fabric for my skirt. Collected over several years, but most of it pretty recently. The roses on the grey background – is one of my favourites in the skirt and just came home a week ago!
The next two sites are sites I used while teaching. I can not say enough good things about them. There is video streaming and tutorials galore.
Goulding’s entrancing voice filled the small theatre flawlessly as she offered a glimpse into her life with a home-made film playing in the background showing her gratitude to the fans. It all seems rather amazing work from someone who left university and escaped to London with nothing but a backpack, a guitar and a head filled with dreams.
I jumped with joy when he actually ate the whole thing! He refused to eat anything else, even the milk he loved so much but he'd eat this. I baked it in two different molds, standard and small and he could eat 2 small ones in one sitting, yay! He is doing so much better now but poor thing, he had to go through the same surgery again in a few weeks, and I am hoping to make these again for him.
629 Ninth Avenue at 44th
I think this mystery will be solved. I do not see there being a happy ending unfortunately. although i will always be hopeful! I am too much a realist for this to be my deluded belief.
Death to pride.
And this is what came out..
9. While each cookie is hot, top each with a scoop of Vanilla Bean ice cream. Serve with spoon.
2 c. milk, at room temperature
I'd like to extend my deepest, warmest and most sincere appreciation to John and Joe, proprietors and family owners of DeSTEFANO's STEAK & CHOPS, -
5 Civilians Added to Indictment List in New York City Ticket-Fixing
Akshay asked, Hello Sir, If the Interviewer ask a specific question like, what are the development needs which your superiors advised.? How to handle this…Obiviously there are negative things which we dont want to highlight…In this case how to handle the scenario? Please Advice
If you like what you see, I'd love for you to come again. You can subscribe by clicking my RSS feed button at the top of the sidebar, by subscribing to my email feed, or by following me on Google (both of these options are found on my sidebar as well). The Shabby Nest is also on Facebook if you'd "like" to join me there! And I'd love to have you follow my tweets on Twitter and my pins on Pinterest.
I can’t believe it’s finally here. I’ll have to make the best of it as I can. I can’t let the viewers down. Well, this is a JGB episode dedicated to reviewing the finale of the Bone saga, and if there’s no more Bone books to review, then that means there’s no more JGB: Bone posts to release. Yep, this is the finale for two things: Jeff Smith’s remarkable work, as well as mine. Well, without further ado, let’s get to the main topic of this week: Crown of Horns.
I don’t think this debate over the curfew has been especially constructive, and I hope it ends soon, and I’m not in favor of the proposed amendment or the underlying bill.
more importantly, if you bought any of that stuff, the odds of a single penny of your money actually supporting obama's campaign- slim to none. they were/are just cashing in on your ideology. i did see one listing mention portions of the cost going to the campaign. but the campaign trail ended a few months ago and the listing is brand new. where does the money go now?
I looked to my left, where a scantily clad 17 (maybe) year old Cambodian girl walked up to a 50 year old white man and in broken english arranged a time to meet him. I don’t need to hear the entire conversation to know just what for. She walked away and I looked in her eyes and what I saw was broken. Before I had time to even think about what’d just happened I hear giggling.
When the spatula stands straight in it, take of from the flame. Now grind this very finely in Puran yantra or siever as shown below. This is a very easy method to make the stuffing smooth.
Not long after, a box showed up on my doorstep. Printed on the side, the wonderful ORM-D signal of fun ahead!
Final Score : B+
A follow-up biopsy or blood test may be ordered several months after the diagnosis and treatment. These tests evaluate your response to treatment. Normal results mean that you have responded to treatment, which confirms the diagnosis. However, this does not mean that the disease has been cured.
It’s not hard to put her to bed when she’s drunk. She just falls into me. It’s like she knows she’s wasted and she lets me guide her to the bedroom. She’s like a big doll that flops on the mattress, almost like she’s dead. But I know she’s not dead because she always curls up with the pillow and tells me she loves me. I love her, too.
These aren't under control, are secrets. And how they were taught to relax,
This show was recorded at the St. Gallen OpenAir festival on its 20th edition, more exactly on the 29th of June 1996.
are much more comforting than bagels and lox, which people perceive as Jewish Food.
Agnetha Faltskog – The Blonde
I have learned through my journey (and still learning) that God can work through any situation. I am reminded of the words of Corrie Ten Boom, a Christian woman, who lost most of her family and along with her sister was imprisoned in Auschwitz during the Holocaust. Even after seeing the horror and darkness in that concentration camp she was STILL able to say that “There is not pit so deep, that God’s love is not deeper still.” Even in the midst of darkness He is STILL there. So who are we to question whether or not He will work in what we may think is not an Ideal set up! Shame on us! Our job is to pray and believe, we can reach so many hurting people that way.
Time passes astonishingly quickly on sojourns like these. It seems there is a special time zone we inhabit when we are enthralled, and it runs quite opposite to the ones that prevail in schools and employment. As the week drew to a close, I brought a mutual friend of the Beacon Hill Friends House to visit me there, and another mutual friend back in contact with the Athenaeum. And I took a good long walk, finally away from Beacon Hill, my thoughts filled with all I’d intensely read. Back Bay, the Public Gardens, Copley Square, and Commonwealth Avenue- all well-trodden by my old steps- were suddenly easier to enjoy with my leisurely paces.
Analysts say dating can be an escape for teenagers such as Milana who often live double lives.
Interestingly enough, due to the growing success and popularity of flasher rigs in Victoria, anglers are now adding ‘flasher’ racks to either side of their boats. Rods should be placed in a rod holder, preferably horizontal to the water and the jobs done. The Mustad Demon Terakihi Flasher Rig uses circle hooks therefore you must resist the urge to strike at bites. Generally speaking, you won’t even have time to set the hooks as the rod will already be loaded up. Nine times out of 10 the fish will hook themselves and they will be hooked in the corner of the mouth. Once a rod is fully loaded it’s time to fight the fish back to the boat. The other rigs in the Mustad Flasher series use traditional hooks such as Penetrators and Big Reds which anglers can strike fish with if they are noticing finicky bites.
HTC have always received credit for their Sense UI, which has emerged, deservedly, as the standard-setting custom skin for Android. We were duly impressed with the One X in our review and called it the best smartphone experience to date – in terms of both visuals and features.
circling nine times nine hells
We've experienced loss together as a group. We have moms in our group who have lost children, spouses, parents.
So I would have been better off, letting go and allowing the ideas to flow on those days. To give you an idea of what I mean, here's another way to think of it, from Abraham-Hicks, "We want you to be inspired into the Vortex, rather than outside the Vortex trying to motivate your way in."
We should be looking at ways to provide unemployed people — and employed people — with other views of life rather than just the economic.
Colic A sheep dog
Advertising was once thought to be magic. We had silly books like "The Hidden Persuaders" and dumb-ass movies like "The Hucksters" which propagated the nonsense that people were compliant sheep who were easily mesmerized by us diabolical ad hacks.
Just is one of the words I not only use way too much but it's something I know I use too much. I try to limit it even in first draft, except that doesn't work all that well because in edits I end up deleting quite a few still. And just isn't the only one that I use way too much.
If you had follow me there, please give me a shout-out at my FB or twitter, comment at any post, so that I'll remember to put you in my blogroll
Avery Brewing Company DuganA IPA
3- Small Business Hiring Credit - Do Liberals think Small Business Owners are idiots? Small Biz Owners aren't looking for hiring credits they are looking for long-term commitments on tax rates, which is something Obama is currently talking about raising. Say the hiring credit is $6k per new hire - the small business owner incurs roughly 20% burden on top of the salary for each employee they have on their payroll. That means if you are an employee making $50k annually it costs the business the $50k in salary to you and another $10k in burden (taxes, benefits, SS, etc.). Even with Obama's $6k credit the employer is still out $4k that year and will continue to have to pay that employees salary going forward. Not to mention the additional cost of Obamacare that will cripple small to mid-sized organizations. Then Liberals wonder why businesses are sitting on cash. They have to pay for all your tax increases and OBAMACARE!
The spate of Gang related teen aged murders on our streets are not “White boys stabbing white boys” as the dishonest, and thankfully now unemployed, Ken Livingstone tried to claim it is black boys stabbing black boys, Asians stabbing Asians and sometimes either group stabbing white boys if they get in the way.
-we want Kharma chant.
They are bound to act in accordance with Code C to the Codes of Practice to the Police and Criminal Evidence Act 1984 and directed by Safer Detention guidance. These documents guide all aspects of treatment and detention and where medical matters are concerned, stating that the custody sergeant must ensure appropriate clincal attention and highlighting the risks of unprompt assessment / treatment of clinical risks involving alcohol, drugs and mental health. Whether this is all possible via an FME will depend on the condition and the availability or ETA for the FME. Where the sergeant feels that appropriate attention cannot be obtained in custody, they are obliged to call an ambulance or transfer the person to hospital.
And have some for our tea - oh
God loves each of us as if there were only one of us to love.
What I loved: The true accounts of these very real women, and the awareness it created of Colombia’s 4-decade long civil war.
Maybe an awful lot of North Koreans had rather bad childhoods and that explains all this acting out.
6. I really like staying in hotels. I would love to live in a hotel, like the Suite Life of Zack and Cody, if I could.
The news you don’t hear…
From Come Monday by Mari Carr
A little later, after overlooking the ‘damages’, we sat on one of the rocks, the sun and wind already drying the fine sand on my clothes.
While writing started out as therapy for a grieving soul, it is now something I must do to keep all the exciting characters quiet. I love it! I only wish it could have developed without such dark beginnings, but nonetheless, my mother would be proud.
and here is now ..this one for deary cucki too..
To get a guy like Orestes there with that kind of talent, from the beginning... There were very few of his caliber in that scene that I can think of offhand.
He gets me my drinks for free
Climate change, peak oil and a $1 billion bill are just some of the challenges identified in the Dunedin City Council’s 3 Waters strategy document. However, the 3 Waters Strategic Direction Statement 2010-2060, to be considered at Monday’s infrastructure services committee, also outlined the high-level thinking behind plans to tackle each, as well as identifying opportunities.
Artist: Hardy Heller & Alex Connors
A number of factors went into making this decision, not the least of which was wanting Raj to be closer to his/her family.
Name: Use your real name. That way you don't have to remember to respond to a new name while at events! It is also easier for your fellow reenacting friends, especially if they are also doing first person and having a hard enough time remembering to call everyone “Sir” or “Mr.”!
[I]t’s perhaps no coincidence that Jake’s surname recalls Charles Marlowe, Joseph Conrad’s narrator in Heart Of Darkness and the man who hears ivory trader Kurtz’s last words in the jungle of the Belgian Congo where Kurtz has committed unspeakable acts: “The horror! The horror!” Jake, we learn, once “killed and ate love”.
Do you have a food rule you won’t cross?
A giant cargo net hung between 2 trees. Halfway up I was horizontal, I remover thinking to myself, I don’t way to fall from here it will hurt too much, so digging deep I reached for the top and pulled myself over, the way down was much easier.
As an aside, the New York Times manages to demonstrate its bias by directly implying that “genuine equality” only exists if boardrooms have equal numbers of men and women.
RetirementBoomerStyle listed some recommendations for this generation and how to stay as healthy as possible, “So, while baby boomers are caring for the health of their family, they should keep themselves in mind as well. A diet that is high in fiber is ideal for the baby boomer, and including lean meats in the diet will provide the protein that is needed for energy and muscle toning. Baby boomer women should also considered taking a supplement that includes omega-3 fatty acids; this will improve memory and brain function, and make it easier for the body to fight off free radicals. In addition to taking supplements, women should also be sure to eat some form of fatty fish each week, such as salmon or tuna. Men of this generation should be sure to eat foods that are rich in lycopene, a substance that can reduce the risk of prostate cancer. Lycopene can be found in foods like tomatoes and watermelon, so eating these fruits fresh a few times a week can make a big difference when it comes to preventative health.”
Tom took Lucy to the babysitters, even though I'm obviously not working today because I'm not strong enough to take care of her. Plus, the poor little thing is terrified of the sounds of me throwing up. (I know this post may be too much to handle for some)
Human future depends on the future of earthly soils. The most meaningful indicator for the health of the land, and the long term wealth of a people, is whether soil is being formed or lost. If soil is being lost, so too is the economic and ecological foundation of society.
My parents went on a trip to South Carolina and enjoyed some of the best southern BBQ they had ever had. They even were able to visit Paula Deen's restaurant and home town (how fun!). We celebrated them coming home with a full blown southern BBQ style dinner. We had a lot of fun, and the food was amazing!! I am excited to share some of our favorite recipes from this night with you throughout the week.
Do you keep track of how many hours of sewing you've put in? (I can't. My head compartmentalizes my sewing into 'sewing sessions,' which are whenever I can sneak in there. A session may be fifteen minutes while my husband reads a bedtime story to our daughter, or it may be two hours late at night.) Maybe a computerized machine will keep track for you? (I wouldn't know, my machine is mechanical and very simple. I have seven stitches, including the buttonhole feature.)
Ten Common Query Mistakes
Aly-Us ~ Follow Me (Full Intention Remix) ~ Strictly Rhythm Records ~ 2002
So for Pete’s sake stop reading my stooopid blog and go and buy it. Or at least try it on.
Korean - The fried food thwuk it drops send with my finger to leave
If you saw my post the first time I did the Star Wars cookies, you heard me whine and complain about them. I've had several people ask about them, but declined because I didn't want to do them again. Well, I've been perusing around the cookie world and seen other decorators do them, and they don't whine and complain about them. In fact, they're excited about them. (Sheesh. Those crazy cookie decorators.) So, this last time they were requested, I caved. I decided to suck it up and get over it. Ha. (But I didn't do Bobo Fett. 5 colors on that little cookie is crazy!) While I was decorating them, I realized that it's the mandated details that I don't love. Details are fine, as long as I'm the one creating them. ;-)
“Oh, it’s beautiful!” Jessica exclaimed.
the voice that alters
But…although I laugh at it, I don’t want to go in depth about it myself. I blush just typing what I have.
Here's a note from English Novelist and Playright, JB Priestley about the collection;
That’s it. Good luck.
On this side of the water, the Occupy Wall Street protest and its equivalents in other American cities seem to have peaked for now, and the authorities have responded predictably by wading in with pepper spray and billy clubs. We’re still early in this particular game, though, far too early for either side to have a shot at winning or losing. Whether or not the protesters retain a token presence in urban centers over the winter, the coming of warm weather, the continuing decline of the American economy, and the public embarrassment of an upcoming presidential campaign in which nobody’s willing to talk about any of the real issues, will bring the protest kettle back to a steady boil in the new year.
I rolled up the window once I'd rounded the corner and drove the rest of the way home feeling bullied and ugly.
My guys love wearing vests. Sweaters... not so much. But if I knit them a vest - they're all over it.
The Magicians by Lev Grossman: A fair number of people have called it Harry Potter for grown-ups, and then a bunch of other people got really mad about that, and you know you don't want to mess with the Harry Potter people, but come on - dude doesn't know he's magic and then finds out he's magic and goes to a secret magic school. It doesn't take a genius. After that, it's much less quaint and adolescent than H.P. "Friendship, love, sex, booze and boredom", with MAGIC - doesn't that sound cool? AND, and, also, a beloved series of fantasy novels and then the magical land turns out to be REAL? Come ON. Seriously. I can't be the only one feeling it. And if it doesn't work for you, just start replacing all the names with Harry, Ron and Hermione. That should be good for at least a few cheap laughs.
This will be the first partnership of New York City Community Clean-Up, Prospect Heights Street Tree Task Force, and the Executive Director of IKOKO, Inc. (IKOKO is providing outreach and meeting space on Saturday), in which store-fronts will be encouraged to work together and revitalize an already vital merchant’s block. Council Member James encourages store owners to contact the Brooklyn Solution Center Branch of the Brooklyn Chamber of Commerce at (718) 875-3400, which provide alternate sources of capital and business solutions. Also, new store owners are encouraged to access the services of NBAT, a new business acceleration team through the Office of the Mayor in partnership with the City Council.
Opcinà
-Rabindranath Tagore
March 29, 1951
Bonsai Bank announced plans to cut some branches.
Spiritual renewal happens as we turn to YHWH and turn away from ourselves. And it starts in the house of YHWH. Indeed, before Y’shua returns for his people He will return IN his people. “If my people, who are called by my name will humble themselves and pray and seek my face will turn from their wicked ways then I will hear from heaven, and forgive their sins, and heal their land,” 2 Chronicles 7:14.
So this week when President Obama suggested that Mitt “spine-of-an-amoeba” Romney may not have had the huevos to go after Osama Bin Laden and everyone was all up his ass with, “Oh no you didn’t…” claiming it was a political hit below the belt...
Latin American Cinema in the New Millennium
The Freep story stated that part of the delay was because the commissioner’s former chairman Donald Martin, who said in January 2011 that he would handle the matter, was diagnosed with leukemia early in 2011. By the time Nussbaumer became chairman and learned that Martin had not contacted law enforcement authorities, it was June.
These glasses are all the rage at craft shows in the South this year, and since they run about $10-15 per glass if you buy them at one, I thought I would show you how simple it is to make one-- and what a fun gift idea!
Mike Napoli
The first country to ban the LTTE was its former ally, India. The Indian change of policy came gradually, starting with the IPKF-LTTE conflict, and culminating with the assassination ofRajiv Gandhi. India opposes the new state Tamil Eelam that LTTE wants to establish, saying that it would lead to Tamil Nadu‘s separation from India though the leaders of Tamil Nadu are opposing it. Sri Lanka itself lifted the ban on the LTTE before signing the ceasefire agreement in 2002. This was a prerequisite set by the LTTE for the signing of the agreement.[165][166]
(Tantam, D. (2000). Psychological disorder in adolescents and adults with Asperger syndrome. Autism)
During this course we had the chance to look at each other's work, and as we analysed mine, I realized I didn't know my characters properly. I hadn't understood or considered their background enough to determine why they followed one path or another, so I hadn't been able to form round live characters that would engage the reader.
Thoughts of eating my weight in pumpkin cake batter pop up...and quickly disappear. I don't like cake batter with pumpkin. There. I said it. The taste doesn't really appeal to me, and a few spoonfuls is just enough before I remind myself that no, I don't really like this so yes, I should stop now.
Her eyes are blessed ,
trailing vine with great blooms all summer long, geraniums (pink) and more verbena in pink.
Broad Ligament Pregnancy
For dessert we had a coconut-banana cream pie. My Dad loves coconut cream pie and banana cream pie and has been saying that it would make a great combo pie. So, I tried it and it was delicious!!!
People seem to think the new timeline is creepy. Hahahaha.
The Bible is God’s Word and you need to approach the study of it seriously and prayerfully. You need to ask for and rely on the Holy Spirit’s help and guidance. When you study the Bible you should consider several things:
Sierra Club Executive Director Michael Brune said “As we push to retire coal plants, we’re going to work to make sure we’re not simultaneously switching to natural-gas infrastructure. And we’re going to be preventing new gas plants from being built wherever we can.
Sylvia’s Enchilada Kitchen
Like I said: I do what I feel.
Have you ever had that feeling like there was something you wanted to do or say that could very well be the most important thing you could EVER do or say but then something comes up or gets in the way and before you know it, all those thoughts and ambitions have disappeared like common sense does around midnight at a frat party? Yeah, me too. In fact, its happened right now and that's pretty much why you are reading this crap. Sorry. And it wasn't even something good that got in my mind and pushed out worthwhile thoughts; I was just looking out the window and I saw lady walking across the parking lot in the rain and she had a really orange slicker on and I thought, "Orange Slicker...mmm...sounds like a tasty drink, the kind that deserves an umbrella in it and can only be properly served by people in grass skirts. And perhaps ice cream. Now I'm hungry...." I mean come on! I'm fairly sure that I had thought of something that was really insightful and inspiring and would more than likely changed the way I viewed the world, but my stupid brain got distracted by bright colors. Is there such a thing as Adult On-Set Retardation? If there is, I think I've got a bad case of it. It would also explain that rash I've developed on my right elbow; either that or its a bit of eczema but I feel its safer to keep an open mind to these kinds of possibilities. That's why I've meteorite insurance on my car, after all.
Decorate a jar, vase, coffee mug for another perfect personal gift. You can use permanent markers, have your child draw a picture or you can use your fancy writing skills and write the persons name on the mug. Then fill with a little shred, some candy and that will complete your gift.
For those of you who have pets, you are tending the holy in caring for them for they are God’s love wrapped up in fur!
Lyra flees from Mrs. Coulter’s house when she learns that Mrs. Coulter’s monkey daemon has been spying for the compass and also figures out that Mrs. Coulter is one of the Gobblers. She throws her lot in with a gang of the gyptians, a tribe of wanderers who have joined forces to go north and fetch back the stolen children.
It appears our team members were all inspired by Halloween! Now it's your turn! We are looking forward to seeing how you are inspired by this time of the year! Please use a direct link to your entry and include one on your blog back to us here at the Shoe! All entries must be new as of Oct. 21, 2011! If you are posting to an online gallery, please use the tag FF#94!
The EcoStrip is a perfect device for today’s day and age. We live in an electronics world and between the batteries and the seemingly endless standby electrical usage – every little bit counts. I appreciate that it’s a hand-off that takes care of itself when I’m racing after a toddler, enjoying the sunshine that we’ve been blessed with or spending time with a good book. It’s a perfect eco-friendly solution to saving money and electricity.
(You Gotta) Fight For Your Right To Party:
and some who surely will.
over the small Oval.
1 evaporation
In an investigation spanning 19 countries across all regions of the world, four independent UN bodies worked together to interview victims of secret detention and canvass governments in order to understand and redress the victims’ plight.
The movie abruptly ends on his corpse. There is no wrap up. No reuniting of Lane and Burke. In fact, the whole bit about the FBI agents coming to her rescue is unresolved. It is literally as though the producers ran out of money and just had to end the movie right now. The only good aspect of the ending is that it is such an abrupt surprise, you will forget how dumb it is the killer, standing five feet away, does not notice Lane is swinging her way to freedom. Oh, and there is gun nearby. He should have enabled comments. That way a viewer could have told him to turn around for a moment.
It's a simple card, but I think it turned out so cute!!
It’s been awhile since I blogged about what’s going on in my head. Work has been super busy. I’ve no time to blog at work (dammit!), but I do sneak in breaks here and there to read others.
So instead of stressing about all the little things at her party, I just truly took her and her sisters in and watched them being the sweet little souls that they are. Maggie is helping to teach me it is okay if I did not finish the decorations or if the food is running late...we are there to celebrate her sweet life.
Spicy Little Curses Such As These:
Unter allen die an der Challenge teilnehmen, wird jemand mit dem Random system ausgelost, der dieses distressing Tool from We're Memory Keepers "Heart Attack" gewinnt.
If you are interested in knowing more...shoot me an email!
VW - Virtually Worthless
If you don't know it I urge you to look it up.
The birds flew from the trees surrounding the busy cross-section and along with them their remaining flesh, bones and blood.
(As erst you heard) by skillful lore, found out his harm's redress. So we see the young poet making use of his art to thank his former tutor, and to put into words the love and gratitude for his attention that might otherwise never have been expressed.
There were a few technologies mentioned in the chat of the session that I intend to follow up including Presentations2go, which lets students write comments on the timeline directly, then discuss them.
Just as in his childhood, Lee still enjoys playing against difficult competition. He said playing the best teams is how you get better, and how your players become successful.
In addition to all the freedom and flexibility, Sudbury schools also provide an ongoing, mixed-age community in which young people share responsibility for maintaining a culture of respect. Having such a space outside the family sphere gives our students the benefits of a diverse and vibrant “home away from home,” stretching them to try new things, new ways of thinking and being. In this dynamic, Sudbury students develop superlative interpersonal skills. There are constant opportunities to assess and regulate one’s behavior, and to work with people with whom one doesn’t already have a familial bond. Shy kids learn to speak up for themselves; overly assertive kids learn when and how to hold back. All eventually come into their own in the most thrilling ways imaginable.
For the youngest students, try Don’t Throw That Away! by Lara Bergen. This board book shows creative projects where unwanted items are turned into fun new projects. This book is more about reuse than recycling, and it could get some fun ideas for classroom projects going.
A makeover?
SWEET! next comes Finland, the band LORDI, a Christian Zombie death metal band....no, really. HARD. ROCK. HALLELUJAH!
Day 10, Colossians 1:11-12: Strengthened with God’s Strength
not be a Top Chef worthy dish, but it is a winner in my book. (and in my fantasies… as all the judges muse over how surprised they are by a meatless meal blowing them away, and how the simplicity of the dish, and the sweat tangyness of the dressing just blends everything together perfectly).
Can anyone of English origin not feel pride in that account? English civility and respect for others is very distinctive and goes back a very long way. One is rather reminded of the harrowing stories by Bacque about the way the French starved to death thousands of German prisoners of war immediately after WW2. British forces of course observed the Geneva convention.
There was another hyperlocal question Q9 about right turns on West Mains Road – led by my experience on parking, I didn’t even try to take notes. I wish I did have shorthand – I might have understood the discussion when I read it back. Anyone know of a night class in journalistic notetaking skills and shorthand?
Now when I get on an elevator in the U.S, I'm so used to getting uncomfortably close to my fellow riders, I automatically gravitate to the nearest person and start poking them with my elbows. Yesterday I got on an elevator and, not realizing it, stood right next to a dude. He was visibly uncomfortable. I attempted to ease his elevator anxiety (must be claustrophobia, I thought) by looking up at him and saying "howdy!" That did nothing to alleviate his elevator agony, now completely focused on the small smiley woman standing next to him. He really hustled off the elevator at his floor.
very carefully done too.” Thorn pointed to the missing skin which hadn’t
in a wild dance of words.
Unfortunately, for our late Great Britain the time has gone when such a dismantling could have occurred.
1) We had an Internet connectivity problem from around 16th of April. For a day it was totally inaccessible, and then later only limited connectivity – due to a problem with a submarine cable.
I'll post all the pics once it's all finished and looking pretty.
Before taking our seats upstairs, 3 of the 4 of us headed down to the front, right stage, just beyond the barricade. We had the short term fun of seeing the action up close and feeling it. Damn, did we feel it! We were planted just feet from bass stack. My hair and pants were vibrating. In good light, you could see my hair move. I felt like I was taking a very mild beating. Five songs down front did the trick. The crowd also filled in around us, moving us a little bit out of the sight lines we had, so we figured we’d go enjoy our seats next to the bar.
It’s a ghost story. It’s a story about love, illusions, black holes, and Irish convicts. It’s a story about endings and beginnings. It’s a story about the last school year of a group of clever, witty, over-dramatic, endearing teenagers.
For starters, we had some lovely fresh mozzarella cheese and tomatoes with basil. The cheese was so soft and fresh, it reminded me of eating fresh cheese from the barrel in Romania. Very refreshing, and the basil was a great palette cleanser.
-“mama” Both women said at one time.
So when organic life is too powerful, it’s time to harvest. This distinction is important. The Reapers harvest the ripest life. It’s reached it’s point in evolution where continuing to let it exist would be harmful to the universe as a whole. Think of the Drell and how they overpopulated their home planet, leading to the destruction of their planet and near extinction of their race.
Use a neutral grip on your golf club. When you grip your golf club tighter than you should, your shots will tend to hook right. Conversely, if you hold your club too loosely, the ball will go off to the left. Correct your grip by using the direction of the shots.
I am ashamed to be a blackberry user. And I am ashamed to have fallen for their shit.
Day after day she prepared for the prophet’s arrival. She was ‘great’ or ‘wealthy’ by earthly standards, but her true joy was contained in serving this humble, itinerant stranger. He was no longer just a passing visitor; he had been adopted as a vital member of her family. She delighted in the realization that God had blessed her by choosing her to host His humble manservant.
If there is a way to start a seven game playoff series, this was it. The Rangers got off to a questionable start. But before the game got away from them, Coach Torts called a time out and readjusted his team's attitude. The results from that moment on, led to a satisfying Game One victory.
The linking framework uses Tales of Things, a website/smartphone app that keys on QR codes to link personal stories to objects. Something like Bruce Sterling’s idea of a ‘spime‘, adding surplus aura to everyday objects is an interesting approach. It seems harder to join the dots once you’re outside the museum – you can contribute to the ‘race’ debate above directly on the Tales of Things website, but you have to know what you’re looking for. In addition there’s a Twitter hashtag (#GrantQR) which can get a bit meta-, as some of the conversations I was having about the technology after I visited have apparently been showing up on the iPads….
And foolish acts are very tough to overcome, especially if you’ve been doing your “admirable” things for so long. I know I’ve written about using friends and family as backboards with your problems; bounce things off of them for proper/healthy direction. It’s the same with this instance.
This year, Dustin and I decided we want to live in this little town.
24. Unschoolers learn to be reliable by growing up trusted.
How quickly society is willing to forget the positive contributions made by an individual simply because of a misstep along the way. Many productive members of society have fallen from grace and it has been those that have maintained a true sense of self and optimism that have been able to rise above it.
Fill a pie-dish with this mixture, placing the bundle of herbs in the middle. Moisten with a little giblet stock or water. Allow to cool. Cover with a pastry crust made from half beef-suet or chicken fat and half margarine. Bake in a moderate oven for 1½ hours.
From the fantastic author of The Lonely Hearts Club and Prom & Prejudice comes a story of all the drama and comedy of four friends who grow into themselves at a performing arts high school.
6) If I make bread pudding, maybe it’ll be pumpkin.
These jeans are by Sienna Miller and her designer sister and after I had them for about a year I discovered that they had been inspired by trousers worn by the Mexican Mariachi. I found that quite amusing so last night when I wore them out to go for drinks with a girlfriend I went for a Mariachi lost in Mongolia kind of theme.
Last week I went with a couple of actors to talk to youth in a drama club at IRCOM (Immigrant and Refugee Community Organization of Manitoba). They are coming to see the show next week and we wanted to introduce them to the play first. They had such great questions about theatre, both the profession and the behind the scenes magic. They were shocked to hear how long I’d been working on the play. To date they said the theatre they had seen was boring. We certainly don’t think they will be bored by EDEN, so I challenged them to let me know afterwards what they think. One young man replied that it would be horrible if it was boring after all the years of work I put in. Others jumped in by echoing something I had said earlier, as artists we learn from all experiences and the only way to develop our craft is to take risks and learn from them. In fact, I just read an interesting article by Nicholas Kazan (Elia Kazan’s son). Apparently Arthur Miller was told to make many changes to Death of a Salesman because it was unproducable with the flashbacks. He decided to go ahead as written and if it failed at least it would fail as he intended it rather than making changes and never knowing if his initial impulses were right. Such is the leap of faith we make as playwrights!
to myself;
That’s the review. What I didn’t know then and couldn’t have known then is that thoughts of the story would linger with me. They are still, which is why I’m writing this post on this book today. I’ve read at least three other books since then, but something in this one resonated. I’d missed something important.
A reader has asked The SPC Blog to draw the attention of fellow readers to the following rather unusual opportunity. He writes
To make the finished pieces wide enough for adequate coverage (including gathers for fullness)...
How much I would’ve sacrificed and did
Welcome to the 9th week of JustRite Stampers' blog Hops! Every Wednesday up until Thanksgiving some of your favorite designers will be joining some of the JustRite design team for a series of Christmas blog hops, showcasing JustRite's entire Christmas Collection of stamps! Don't forget that JustRite has some Christmas stamps in thier newly released CLING line of stamp sets, too--you can find them HERE. this week, the designers joining the JustRite design team is the Just Us Girls (JUGS) challenge blog design team!
I was reading the reviews on Amazon a couple of months ago for some Regency-era novel, and one reviewer was upset because the book was set in England (not the UK—she specifically mentioned England, so Scotland, Ireland, Wales, and the rest of the old Empire were apparently exempted). She went on to comment that so many historical romances were set in England these days that she was sick of them all, and wondered why authors never used more exotic locales.
has just brought me closer to my dream afar.
so that whatever is strident of exacerbating in daily life can be put out of mind for a while.”
arsehole out of Scotland, put him in 10 Downing Street and have half
“People are stunned,” said Sister Pat McDermott, president of the 3,500-member Sisters of Mercy of the Americas, based in Silver Spring. “They’re outraged, angry, frustrated, they don’t know where this came from and how to hold it.”
There are certain bands that have reached out to me and said “Hey we’re giving our album away for free.” That’s appealing to me just on a music fan side of things. I think that’s cool. I don’t see it as devaluing music, I see it as accepting the value of music. And that’s kind of my thing right now. If people can get it for free, then just give it away for free, and try and make your money elsewhere. You’ve got to use your music to hook someone in. As far as licensing fees, there’s been an increase in libraries and brokerages that are actually licensing their music for free but they’re only doing that to productions that will have a decent back-end on them – e.g. network television shows. We haven’t worked with those types of libraries, just because typically you get what you pay for. But those libraries and brokerages are out there, and if you can land something in a decent show, like a network show, sure you’re not going to get any money up front, but your SOCAN or PRO back-end cheque can be somewhat substantial. That can be worth it. Maybe it’s just ‘cause I’m younger, but I’m pretty pro giving away stuff for free, not so much in the licensed area, because if people are making money from the music, I think they should be paying for it. Either way you have to be accommodating to music supervisors’ needs and fees that he or she are working with.
We all quickly got up from my front stoop and ran into the street. Our eyes were all fixed on a late model olive colored Pontiac, it looked like a 68 or 69 GTO. As it raced down East 4th and approached Beverley we prepared ourselves for that horrible sound.
In Ladakh, you can also enjoy Ladakh Festival Tour. This place has Buddhist culture which attracts travelers from all over the world. Lots of festivals are celebrated in Ladakh like Harvest festival which starts from 1st September and ends on September 15th, Hemis Festivals in which travelers from all over the world come here to enjoy it, Losar Festival is celebrated during December or January and it lasts for two weeks, Sindhu Darshan Festival is related with the celebration of river Sindhu, Thiksay Gustor festival also starts from 1st September and lasts till 15th September. There are many more festival celebrated here and the tourists can enjoy Ladakh festival tour by participating in it.
There are also redundant expressions in our language that we use regularly: advance reservations, absolutely essential, ATM machine, crystal clear, mutual agreement, whether or not, reconsider again, 12 noon, best ever, both of them – read the list of top 200 redundancies on about.com. Don’t be redundant.
While theories about Mr Breitbart will probably never die, the theories about Mr Cormier’s death can quickly be debunked by the fact that Mr Cormier did not conduct the autopsy on Mr Breitbart.
I emailed people who make me smile
Cosby’s advice: Sit down and talk with teenagers who you know are sexually active. “Lay it out to them: ‘You’re out here humping without a rubber, and she’s humping without the pill or a diaphragm,’” he said.
Even though I am in a very different place than I was in last year at this time I have so much to be thankful for. I am not working right now but that has been a blessing in disguise so I am thankful for that. I have made the huge decision to go back to school and I am still working on getting to goal and becoming more healthy. My family is healthy and happy. My relationship is in a good place. I have wonderful friends and a fabulous support system. I am thankful as well for all of the bloggers that offer a kind word and help to keep me motivated to do better and keep going. I am truly blessed and thankful for all of those blessings. I hope you all have a wonderful Thanksgiving and that you get to spend it with the people who love you best.
I started get my taxes sorted…. blurgh!
According to KPRC 2 News, METRO refused to disclose on what dates or bus routes the program would be operational. As well as TSA agents, police officers from the Harris County Constable’s Office Precinct 7 will be involved.
He's swallowing more these days, which is good practice for his digestive system. He's also producing meconium, a black, sticky by-product of digestion. This gooey substance will accumulate in his bowels, and you'll see it in his first soiled diaper (some babies pass meconium in the womb or during delivery).
dianna
That party leads to the inevitable misunderstanding when Ginger believes Danny has returned to his girl-crazy ways with the governor's daughter (Frances Rafferty). It all gets sorted out in time for a happy ending, natch, but not before Judy Garland gets the opportunity -- hallelujah! -- to redeem the tawdry vandalism of "But Not for Me" back in 1932. This is not only the high point of Girl Crazy -- it's the high point of Judy Garland's entire career. With all due respect to "Over the Rainbow", "Have Yourself a Merry Little Christmas", "The Man That Got Away" or anything else you care to name, this is Judy's best. Co-star Gil Stratton talked about watching the number being shot and said "it was something you ought to have paid admission to see." The simplicity of Taurog's staging, the delicate cinematography of William Daniels, and the combined artistry of Judy and and the Gershwin brothers all fuse into the kind of magic that the Hollywood of 1943 had led audiences to take for granted. Judy Garland was as good as it got, then or ever after, and here's the proof.
The things we take for granted
So back to the internet. Since I have limited skills in drawing, searching for images online can help me write. Sometimes the images are for design references. For example, I want to describe a unique playground, but I don’t know what to put in it. I research some pictures of playgrounds, and combine the designs I see and add some designs that I have imagined. Sometimes I don’t know the name for a certain thing, so I research about them, like I research about car parts. Usually google has pictures of parts of a car with the parts labeled.
This Saturday (7th April), we will be streaming our first ever live Nobodaddy webcast. Join us live from 3pm BST for an hour or so of us singing songs and chatting about them with a few friends and fans. The stream should appear below, but if not, you can find it at http://www.ustream.tv/channel/nobodaddyband
We then switch to a classroom scene, where we find Officer Richie Roberts (Russell Crowe) called to present some legal facts, to be critiqued by his class. We jump to him explaining his problem with public speaking to his partner Jay, (John Ortiz) as they exit their car, Roberts carrying a sledgehammer. The two are to serve a subpoena to one of Robert's old friends, Campizi (Kevin Corrigan) Jay tells Roberts if he doesn't take the papers, he can throw them inside, and it's good service. Roberts throws in the paper in the split second the door is opened, and closed. Jay then breaks and opens the door with the hammer and they both rush in. Campizi bites Roberts before he's subdued, and in trying to avoid charges he offers Robert's "Big Al's Accountant." They seem to like that idea, and we switch to New Jersey, where Campizi is riding along with Roberts and Jay, to show them where the bookie is. Roberts lets Campizi go and they watch the bookie park his car, while waiting on a warrant to search it. Roberts gets impatient and convinces Jay not to wait for the warrant, so he doesn't miss school. They force open the trunk and find a huge sum of money. In their car they debate turning it in, Jay reasoning turning in such a large sum s tantamount to stating, they would also turn in cops who take money illegally. Roberts insists that they do turn it in, however. Counting it out at the station, in front of the entire department, Roberts determines they seized $987,000.00. The chief, Lou Toback (Ted Levine) scolds Roberts for counting it in front of everyone and tells him to bag it and bring it to the property room. On the way there, the other officers glare at him, one of them saying "Fucking boy scout."
He says, “We always start by focusing on the child. We listen to them and often they know what they need.”
Number of Pages: 262
A/N: My sojourn to the countryside flew by so quickly! There was much reading, writing and relaxing, and I even managed a little clay pigeon shooting, which I had to write about. The shooting coach was a funny little character with far too many medals to mention. As I listened to his excellent instruction, I thought -this pounding shotgun into my shoulder is a little like writing, its repetitive, it hurts, but the exhilaration of hitting a target far outweighed the pain. At least, thats what it feels like this week, how about you? And, yes, dear friends, I may be addicted.
Now the real work began.
Each book donated = 5 entries
Fall on You by The Plimsouls
Many thanks for your lovely entries last week..... sadly most of you did not read the instructions and did not include one of Caroline's digi flowers so could not be entered into the draw - however those who did had the chance of some more digis from Caroline... thanks again for them my friend.
6 oz. canned or pouched boneless skinless pink salmon, drained and flaked
I tremble for them. The penny periodicals that printed Allingham’s long melodramatic serials are dying as surely than the back issues of Private Eye which went up in the flames of April 13th. The 1880s, when Herbert Allingham’s publishing career began, was the first decade in which wood pulp became a significant raw material for British paper-making. In 1800 paper was still hand-made from rags; in the 1820s Fourdrinier machines devalued the artisans, then the publishing entrepreneurs of the 1830s and 40s began importing increasing quantities of esparto grass to bolster productivity as the astonishing nineteenth century got underway.
Over the course of following this program, we found the program has helped us change our eating habit somehow. This change caused a change to our living style as well. All in all, the changes are good to us and we now enjoy eating even more than before.
as he officiated at the War Memorial,
So I'm pregnant. That radically changes my thinking about fashion and consumption like nothing else has. Some days, I couldn't care less about how I look.
“It’s clear that there are other ridings throughout the country that would fall into that category as well.”
double blind peer reviewed where appropriate.
Vegetarian Sushi (LOL)
If you want to get aquatic mammal or waterfowl photos, you have to stake your camera in or near water, and if high water doesn't baptize your camera there's a good chance that men and boys with fishing rods will regard it as a gift from God.
I blink three times at this visual feast,
Wise Ahadzi, the property’s owner, was thrilled that cops collared the people who were preventing him and two daughters from getting back into their home.
That's also where he says this: "Individual beer distributors can own one and only one license for retail, off-premises consumption — and then only in quantities of one case or more of beer. Already, Wegmans has been granted six licenses by the Liquor Control Board."True, but they're not the same kind of license! Wegman's licenses are so-called "deli licenses," which allow only sixpack sales. That's how chains of bars own more than one license, something Shipula doesn't mind. Why doesn't he care that Appleby's, for example, owns multiple licenses that allow retail, off-premises consumption (as all tavern licenses do in PA)? Because Appleby's doesn't sell sixpacks to go. If they aren't competition, he doesn't care. This is all about money and competition.
the book.
I’m not exactly sure, the significance of such trivial facts of conversations, something that ‘everybody’ knows how to do, right? Wrong. As I mentioned before, we all know some people are bad conversationalists, and some are good. Many relationships (not restricted to romantic) are built with the bricks of conversation that has taken place between x and y.
I guess some ask, why the criticism? After all, Jesus was not a man who did a lot of intimidation to those He met. He was humble, kind, and compassionate. He was the perfect Christian, duh, and yet He got slammed by those who did not understand Him or like Him. I hear many Christians today saying that the church does not resemble Jesus very much and that is why we are criticized. I will be the first to agree that the church has gotten off track in being what Christ wanted us to be. But, there aren’t any perfect people, even Christians, so that should not be a surprise. But what about someone like Tim Tebow. What has he done that is so un-Christ like? Kneel and give God glory in public? Help little children who are needy? And yet he still gets blasted at every turn.
Avocado and banana can both replace egg in cakes and breads. 1/2 avocado or 1 whole medium banana per egg. Both taste excellent with chocolate and here at Nothing But An Apron chocolate is a food group (and so is butter), so eat plenty!
Really am wishing spring would hurry up and arrive!!
Me and the motorbike
The smell was a whole cut-up chicken simmering in broth and a potpourri of onion, celery, bay leaf, carrot and thyme. The soup was a Mama's love offering for my eldest boy who was running a fever. Thankfully, it wasn't interfering with his appetite, for every time he passed the kitchen, he exclaimed, "Ummm! That smells good."
So go forth and get tipsy!
I was really spoiled by everyone.
From that we are collaborating on the Jacob Bear series of stories. Oh and Two's Company is to published, along with seventeen other Sci Fi short stories as part of a collection. Not a bad start to the, so called, last year of the Earth. Now is the time to show the rest of you. I take my themes wherever i see them, whether in reality or dream-world. I hope you enjoy. If not tell me why. If so tell me why. Many thanks and be safe. So far I have published:
Yesterday, March let us know it still has the free will to produce winter-like conditions at any moment.
So Mr. Martin? Just in case you're out there somewhere...Thanks. Thanks for always believing in me, even when I didn't. Thanks for helping me find myself when I was lost. Thanks for giving me a second chance. And thanks for helping me discover where I belong.
Am I troubling your peace of mind?
an order for 800 hang tags that must ship tomorrow. steve put eyelets in 500 of them last night. bless him... he's a trooper. i'm sure it wasn't fun as he was on a work conference call at the same time.
From the very beginning, Roberta Lee Streeter seemed to know exactly what she wanted, and had the charm, skill, and talent to get it. Five years of recording took her from a Mississippi farm to Vegas and riches beyond most people's dreams. Then, simply, she got bored, poured her artistic ambitions into one last album, and quit while she was still at the top. Her catalogue is almost faultless. As a blueprint for ambitious feminists, the Bobbie Gentry story is hard to trump.
By Edgar Cervantes.
Mother Nature pulled through though and the skies cleared and temps in the Charlotte area rose to a whopping 65-degrees the weekend of their nuptials!
This is a WordArt request for MrsHomerLynn - it's such a funny quote, but sad in my case, because it's SO TRUE! I've heard that with each pregnancy, you loose a bit of your mind - well, I've been pregnant 7 times, so what does that say about ME!!! LOL!
After dinner, Tim, Bethany, Joan and I played a board game called Break the Safe. It was pretty fun and we all had a good time. Afterwards, we had carrot cake and Joan told me, in a very casual tone, all about different diseases you can get here and the kinds of medicines they take a few times a year as a precautionary measure. It’s a little scary the different things you can get here. One thing, called onchocerciasis also known as filmaria, or river blindness is where a worm will enter your body, usually through undercooked meats, and then it will live inside you. If it gets bad enough, after like a few weeks or months of having it, you’ll see little worms crawling under your skin. If it enters your eye, you can go blind. One missionary, in a town not too far from here had it, or rather, still has it. Once you get a full blown case of it, it stays in your system for up to 15 years! Another disease, which I believe was similar hookworm is a similar one to filmaria where little larvae will enter your skin and stay at the surface. They often get into your skin if you put on wet clothes. Let’s say you just did laundry and it’s drying out in the sun but is not quite fully dry in some areas. If you put it on and there is a larvae in there, it’ll get into your skin and form this lump that grows and grows. You can get it out by putting some Vaseline over the lump, putting a band-aid on and the little larvae will try to escape from being suffocated. That’s when you can pick it off and get it out. Both Bethany and Bob have had it. Bethany got it from clothes that were dried at a resthouse (hotel). Instead of the clothes being dried in a normal clothes line, they were dried directly on the grass or on bushes. It seems it would kind of defeat the purpose of washing them, depending on how dirty the clothes were in the first place. She put some clothes on and got hookworm. Bob got it from putting on hiking boots that had gotten wet. They weren’t fully dry before he put them on again and a sore developed around his ankles. I really hope I don’t come back with anything. When I come back to the states, for 2-3 weeks I’ll have to take doxycycline (an antibiotic) to prevent getting malaria in case it’s still in my system which it might be and might just be right now. I’m just currently immune to it thanks to the mefloquine pills I take once a week. I’ll also have to take a few of the meds the Lokkers take as precautionary medicines towards the end of my trip to get rid of anything that might be starting. I really can’t give blood for a very long time once I come back.
A bit of aging wood damp and alone
So, when did you say the good-ol' days were? I'm so glad to live in the days of electricity and even gladder to have so many permanent press clothes. What a job it would be to keep two IRONS going in order to press cloth - one at the IRONING board and one on the stove heating up. Not too hot, not too cold, but just right.
The funny thing is, after the wedding album is done…that’s about it for pictures…the photographer is not at the ceremony or the reception! The reception is very important. Traditionally, the reception, or wedding feast, has been paid completely by the groom (as it shows he can afford to be married and support a wife), but nowadays, it is often shared by the couple. This is what Izzy and Jet did. The old tradition caused a lot of tensions because the weddings were seen as being important for the parents to show their child was old enough and ready to be married, so the parents would invite all of their friends and relatives…sometimes too many from the bride’s side…so the groom would feel financially “strapped” from this…his parents would not be able to invite all their friends…they’d “lose face”…and they would not like the bride then…so, you can see, it was a big problem, like many weddings can be.
Frank Thomas Aquilino, 26, New York, N.Y.
This week I picked: 5.) Write about the last time you laughed until it hurt…what happened?
Emmanuel Baptist Church
I have no visual art skills. None that I’m proud of. While writing the last post and looking for a picture I came across this Flickr page by incompletethoughts. They had done a BPD Awareness Month album with some great graphics! Hopefully we can all learn from them and gain a better understanding of what it’s like to be diagnosed with Borderline Personality Disorder.
“No, thanks. I have prayed for a miracle. I’ll wait for my miracle.” So, the raft
But the calm tenor of my universe was slightly disturbed when an old friend from the university announced that he would be coming to visit me for lunch with his girlfriend at the last minute on last Saturday.
2 approach
The picture here was taken in Bosnia (uhhh, that mine-poluted country), driving from Split/Omis/Makarska to Livno or Tomislavgrad in BiH.
* Be particularly careful about mixed and 'mystery' cases. Check the vintages of all the bottles. Merchants have a habit of slipping in one or two older vintages they want to get rid of.
Then we thought a quick troll round the shops would be in order
- Wild Fish Conservancy summer internships
Dying to self. Loving the the one undeserving of love. Showing mercy instead of judgment. Praying for the one who hurt me. Doing what is right instead of what is easy. Fighting for a relationship I would rather walk away from. Turning the other cheek. Giving when I have little to give. Pushing through when I’d rather give up. Being open and vulnerable when I would rather hide and self-protect. Believing for the impossible instead of settling for the possible. Choosing brokenness and humility over my pride.
So with that said, who won?
Ok I guess it's time for this.
I take a picture because I don't want to miss the opportunity, but when it turns out to be all shite, it's a waste of bandwidth and time.
¼ t salt
Chopped fresh parsley
Mom: "well, two days is fine, but otherwise PLEASE put on some clean ones"
19. Eddy Arnold - Cattle Call
My cloths have been feeling too large on me and I have had to catch the waistband of my pj pants more than a few times in the past week. If I hadn't then all the people in the neighborhood would have gotten a full view of my shame. I guess the rounder parts of me just shifted to other parts of me and invited a few more of their fat cell buddies to the party.
PB: Ah. That’s a bit disappointing.
The Violets of March by Sarah Jio
Gradually I got to know Ty very well - his voice got easier and easier. I loved spending time with him, he was really entertaining.
On May 7th of 2012 I was driving with Laochra and Cat from the drug store to get a prescription filled, which was left on a table at home, from our local drug store for Cat. On this simple and usually short journey home we drove upon a woman screaming and flagging us down. First thing going threw my mind was if she had been in an accident and a loved one was seriously injured. When I noticed a man walking away from the undamaged car they had been riding in I immediately started to put the picture together before I arrived to where the woman was standing.
2) A house where all the phone handsets are missing.
Bill: All of the photographs and images come from my collection and have never previously been published. I selected them for the book primarily to connect with and/or advance the plot lines. I also wanted easy access for the reader to see the people and things I was referring to at the time they were reading about them.
Key Hole
Sure it might seem like a cheesy way to market UC (unified communications), telepresence technology such as web and video conferencing, and other enterprise collaboration services, but the fact of the matter is that it does a lot as far as getting the word out about environmental sustainability.
Brooks continues and makes the metaphor political:
The stove. This stove is the reason we lived with plywood counters for so long. A wise financial decision? Maybe, maybe not. I'll let you know in twenty years, when I see if it's still going strong. But after 12 years I can say I have no complaints. Love my stove.
6. January 18, 2006 - Farm Bureau:
we are deeply and sincerely sorry for not blogging for so long, but hey, here we are. truth is, we haven't been recording but traveling around Iceland. we went all around the country, stopping in Akureyri, Húsavík, Askja, Mývatn, Egilsstaðir, Seyðisfjörður, Djúpivogur and Skaftafell. And today is our first day back.
a = b d b e g
On a stone, drizzle oil and smooth over surface. Take a heaping amount of mixture to center of stone and smooth out into a 9 inch circle while 1/4 inch deep. Drizzle and smooth out with just a tad more oil over top to brown crust, this step is optional.
So, bare with me while I get things back to rights! :)
“Synesius, you don’t question what you believe. You cannot. I must.”
Solar-energy technologies currently provide 0.05 percent of the total electricity generated globally. The insatiable demand for PV cells in Japan, Germany and U.S. has driven the unit costs from $11 per watt to $5 per watt. Solar power is becoming affordable as unit costs continue to drop in price. The solar industry is growing at 20-30 percent each year and projected to climb even higher for the next 40 years.
Oliver has started a Sunday School program at our church for 2- year-olds, where parents are alongside their kids singing songs, listening to a story, doing crafts, and of course, learning about Jesus. Last week, the craft was making angels out of construction paper.
Here's the same station opened. I have everything the students need to complete the station in the folder or in the basket. In this particular station, students used copy paper to stamp several types of quadrilaterals. Students then had to describe the quadrilaterals by their properties.
a seedy, first-draft vocation —
What I could've done better but what good do what ifs do
Bud Selig's stupidity in putting the Astros in the American League.
Millions of peaches. Peaches for me. Millions of peaches. Peaches not free... :(
Firstly, I’m deleting my personal Facebook page (today or tomorrow, actually.) I rarely use it – and I’m irritated that it pops up under searches of my name, alongside my Author page. It’s not that clear which is which – and I think that’s counter-productive. So, it’s going. I think I have to wait a week or two before I can make another account after I delete my personal one, but then I’ll re-make my Author page (which right now is a subsidiary page of my personal one – so will be deleted, I’m sure, when I delete the personal page.) I’m planning to use the Author page as a place to speak directly about my novels – about characters and plots and such things. I need a space to do that, and I think that’d be an interesting way to utilize that space.
And Kamla…that excellent example of female leadership remains quiet….not one word…never a comment from her…never a correction…not even an apology from her or Devant for the insult he has levied at these men!
The accommodation was still spartan, but being young and not knowing better we still had fun. I am helping my friend Sasha out of the cabin as she had sprained her ankle skiing. We all had falls and aches and pains. While skiing,I hit an ice patch and my skis went in two different directions. I fell on my knees. One of them has given me twinges ever since.
I blog because I am the QUEEEN of complicating my life, I consistently take on more and more and since I’m not very good at shortcuts (I tend to take the scenic route) I am stretched pretty thin so why not add to that by writing about it…
Last week some super sweet friends of mine had a baby shower for me. It was a really fun shower and I was positively spoiled with fabulous girly gifts! Considering the lack of anything pink around here until recently this was extremely helpful! I wanted to have a special thank you favor from me to the guests at the shower so I made these little boxes to give to each guest.
So, using Mel's method, I should be able to grow just about anything I like, I hope. I love using fresh tomatoes, peppers, onions, and a little garlic with just a squirt of lime for some AWESOME salsa. And I LOVE basil pesto! Basil pesto mixed into a little alfredo sauce on grilled chicken and fettucine or pesto tossed on zuccini, red bell peppers, and squash and roasted in the oven just til it's all tender, oh man, I'm making myself hungry!
This year is eight years since James and I got together.
of the Armoured Personnel Carrier,
In the SURE document, which was distributed on Monday, government has put the total subsidy reinvestible funds at N1.134tn based on an average of $90 per barrel of crude oil.
Turmeric Powder : 1/4tsp
Since (re)democratization in the early 1990s Mali has routinely been cited as a case of democratic consolidation despite seemingly insurmountable odds (poor HDI scores, etc.). The current developments, however, raise serious questions with regard to whether the Malian political and military elite have wholly bought into the idea of settling their battles for power and influence at the ballot.
And, sometimes I think I am in Vincible but life shows me I am not.
Connected in a thread and operating in a space
Beads of Courage is a wonderful program. You can read more about it here. And you can also donate if you like, not just beads, but financial support to augment the handmade beads. I hope one day to see this program end because no one needs beads anymore. But in the meantime, hopefully more and more purple hearts will be made and will mark the SUCCESSFUL end of treatment for a child with cancer.
“Since the age of 15, I have devoted myself to learning; since 30, I have been well established; since 40, I have understood many things and have no longer been confused; since 50, I have known my heaven-sent duty; since 60, I have been able to distinguish right and wrong in other people’s words; and since 70, I have been able to do what I intend freely without breaking the rules.”
Round two ended with my upper arm developing a bruise and her nursing a sore finger. My muscles, weak from lack of training, ached satisfyingly. Balanced on the balls of her feet, she still looked ready for much more.
God may call you to do the unenjoyable and if you do not do them your life will be unenjoyable! If you do them, know that God will give you the strength to make it through! God will call all of us to do tasks we do not want to do and when He does we need to be on our faces before Him and seeking Him so that we have the strength and courage to do what he is calling us to do. This is not about selfishness, but about doing what God is asking us to do which is humble ourselves and pray and seek His face (2 Chron. 7:14). The problem is too many just want to pray and seek His face and leave the humbling ourselves behind – if you do not humble yourself – your prayers will be out of a wrong motive and most likely not heard by God.
As explained at Gotta Book, "very day in April, I'll be posting a previously unpublished poem by a different poet."
1. The Crops-Only Agriculture
She was retested for her allergies just after the start of school and completely out grew her wheat and soy allergies. YAY! This is also a whole post in itself.
Once again Jenn made us awesome smoothies. Strawberry and banana once again. My favorite.
But, as I once discussed with Alex, I see them. And they are beautiful.
The Path to Becoming a Makeup Artist
When I was a kid, I worked for a lot of things I wanted… If I wanted a new fishing pole, or to buy a shotgun… I set goals and found jobs, and worked until I could afford such items… My parents’ and their friends always said that it was a good thing because I was learning the value of things, hard work, and I would appreciate all if it so much more…
Card stock and ink colors I used are:
I finished Eat, Pray, Love halfway through the course and I enjoyed it; sometimes I felt the author’s pain so clearly. I realized later why I had not finished it earlier. Elizabeth Gilbert’s words just hit too close to home. I know that “Smug” will continue to raise her ugly head, yet with this new tool in my toolbox, I’ll be able to quiet her by being still.
I'm ready to kick my feet up, have a fruity drink and soak up the rays...but I have to go to work!
Wanting to grasp,
A few days ago, I read the article. The article that is circulating around the web, "Your Children Want You". Since reading that article my mind has been pondering. Everything that was written in that article was put perfectly. If you have not yet read it, I reccommend doing so now.
Trilla!
You have until November 4th at noon CST to enter our For the Girls challenge. After you do. please consider sending in your girl's card along with any other cards appropriate for children to one of our new locations listed under the tabs above. Thank you for joining our challenge and helping put a smile on a child hospitalized in a Children's Hospital.
Oh, and I also had the camera.
At Rye Golf Course, Par 37
And yes, Wenceslas was not a king, but a duke. But he was given the honorarium "King" because of his devotion in spite of his high status.
As we admired the ants and their diligence, the cracking of twigs underfoot drew our attention away. Shining our torches over yonder, we espied not one, but around 25 coatis, scurrying around in the bushes. Coatis are weird cat-possum-monkey-ish mammals (they look a little bit like lemurs, only not as friendly) – I, unfortunately, was so overcome with seeing such a large group of animals (that weren’t ants) that I was too slow to get my camera out. They milled around looking at us for a few moments, then disappeared into the night. We heard them for the rest of the evening, in the trees, squealing and fighting and making sweet, sweet lurve.
Hearts starve as well as bodies;
The “great charior-warrior” is King Parīkṣit.
"Having children makes you no more a parent than having a piano makes you a pianist."
"I've no idea mate. What is it? A gold sovereign ring perhaps"
Scholz
In a way...it feels like it was yesterday that we lived here, me and R. Only a few hours since we had coffee in the chilly kitchen and sat on a bed watching House. Just the other day that we went out on a sundowner with warm beers and binoculars.
As you all know I am a blog stalker and this year I hit the JACK POT!
All things were joyful on that day;
I am borderline obsessive compulsive. And by borderline, I mean I'm obsessive compulsive. I like everything to have its place. Organizing is my favorite hobby. Nothing calms my nerves like situating everything juuuust right.
There is a nice blog on the subject here. I am still trying to work out what difference if any it will make to me, but since they didn't tell me about it, I must assume that their reasons for not doing so, are ones that they guess in advance I won't like.
2. Writing for blogs is different from any other kind of writing. It requires an intimacy of voice that can take time to develop. But it is also one of the most natural, rewarding forms of writing. And very necessary for anyone serious about developing a writing career today. Learning how to blog smarter, not harder, is essential.
RKPJW Blog (rkpjwblog.wordpress.com) is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC and Amazon EU Associates Programmes designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com, amazon.ca, amazon.co.uk, amazon.de, amazon.fr, amazon.it and amazon.es. Certain content that appears on this website comes from Amazon Services LLC and/or Amazon EU. This content is provided “as is” and is subject to change or removal at any time.
Ann Cryer, a Labour member of the Commons Home Affairs Select Committee, has been at the forefront of attempting to tackle the problem after receiving complaints from mothers in her constituency about young Asian men targeting their under-age daughters.
Me: Can't do what?
I like it. The brisket sandwich I'm having is great. The Uncle Billy's IPA I'm having is solid, if unspectacular. Definitely good enough for the moment, and a refreshing change from the endless string of coffee shops I've been working at lately. And at 3pm, it's deserted enough in here that I can actually concentrate on my job, and since it's right near Barton Springs, I was able to squeeze in a workout, as well.
Rinse the chicken under cold water inside and out. Pat dry with paper towels.
Assuming for present purposes that tobacco companies’ proprietary rights in their trade marks do include a right of user (albeit subject to regulation), has that right been “acquired” by the Tobacco Plain Packaging Act 2011 (Cth)?
Jim Sidanius
Parks commissioners have dropped an effort to have those who go nude in the parks charged with criminal trespass, The Seattle Times reported. They even said they will ask officials to consider making one of the public beaches clothing optional.
I thrive on variety and am constantly looking forward to trying new forms of exercise, like that Saturday Aqua Zumba class I was excited to try a few weeks ago. I’m willing to give anything a try once, despite my size. Most of the time the limitations are only in my mind, and those times that I do find a physical limitation only serve as a future “to do” on my Fitness Bucket List. Exercise is a form of expression, it’s an outlet for stress, it’s a release. Through movement, I can become the person I’ve always known I am inside.
She developed a condition called NEC, but was not diagnosed with it. She had exploratory surgery on Wednesday at noon where the diagnosis was confirmed and they removed 20-25cm of "dead bowel".
For us bartenders, it's easy for us to get out of a drinking situation in a dark environment like a strip club or nightclub. A splash of Sprite, Coke or a mixture of juice make for great, fake cocktails. Customers never know unless they reach for the glass and take a sip. ;)
That use the highest truth of conscience
:::sigh::::
I've seen lot of people say they love surfing websites where one can get an idea about the trends in today's fashion world, esp. when the detailed descriptions allow us to know more about the product before purchasing. The many advantages of surfing and shopping online are enough to tempt us into the purchase!
Diagnosed in 2004 with Bipolar Type II (Depression/Hypomania/Anxiety/Insomnia) – I have no doubts that I’ve suffered from clinical depression more than once over the years. I haven’t had a bout with it since just before and immediately after my hysterectomy and that was an understandable reason to be depressed. Prior to me learning more about how the body works and about natural ways of healing, I would trust doctors, to my own detriment. In 2003, after I had my second son and due to another personal stressor in my life, I was diagnosed with post pardum depression and put on meds. When I still continued to have issues a year later, I was rediagnosed has having been Bipolar (Type II) for years. The psychiatrist tried many different medicines but none really helped at all. At one point I was on an anti-depressant for depression, a drug for mania, and an anti-psychotic for insomnia (Seroquel, used for schizophrenics). After about six months, I abandoned the drugs for mania as they either made it worse or negatively effected me in some other way (one drug caused a severe throat infection). After being on the Seroquel for a year, I began to have night terrors and I quit taking that too. I also began to question the “how” of these diagnoses and it hit me. They were treating me for chemical imbalances but yet no tests were done to see if that imbalance truly existed. And, if it did, I’m sure they have no idea how to heal such an imbalance naturally. They only know how to throw drugs and synthetic “solutions”. I really believe that talk therapy and dietary changes are beneficial for so-called “mood disorders”. My mood certain has improved over the past few weeks since seeing our nutritionist and believe wholeheartedly that most people could greatly benefit from this. I’m not saying mood disorders aren’t real and that all diagnosed with it can go without meds – I’m not qualified to say that. But I do think that paradigm needs to be reconsidered. Why are so many people depressed and manic? Why are so many people on antipsychotics with no physical evidence of a biological problem? I think it’s a disconnect with our origins (nature) and a disconnect with our food and its sources. But again, that’s my opinion… take it for what it’s worth.
Thus ends my first exercise in honesty and emotional exposure. It’s been every bit as uncomfortable as I imagined it would be. Please keep me away from the “Delete Post” button.
Now all they need is wine. Ha!
You can influence what happens to your children, and all of us who have failed our children up till this moment, may the Almighty God forgive us in Jesus name.
Hiring the ideal candidate and retaining the finest is a tough task in the ever changing corporate world. In some industries, recruiting a quality contender can be a considerable challenge.
I'd like to have a better attitude. I know, I know. But I'm kind of really bitchy lately and it's not cool.
But she never believed I told her the story. She thought she had a dream.
The folks who get to attend GA year after year are the people who can afford it. The people who get to consistently vote each year on things that are important to them are the people who have the money to go each year. If we were serious about wanting to bring and KEEP more young people in this faith it seems like there would be a way to let them see what is arguably the best that UUism has to offer.
Both! At the same time please!!!
All the excuses are valid. All your reasons for not starting, not following through, not stepping up are rational. All your complaining about it not being the right time or not having the time are true.
Since then I’ve not run. I will do at the weekend, but last night I travelled with my family to attend a funeral today and tonight we’re travelling home. Life gets in the way and it’s ok, my running is a pleasure and I will treat it as such.
“It’s a complete joke. I can’t believe they have nominated themselves for the award. ‘What about all the complaints that were put in against them when it happened? ‘Life is truly hell. This is an insult to her memory. Tomorrow would have been Hayley’s 18th birthday. ‘It’s just a massive shock. It couldn’t have come at a worse time for the family.”
Toward the end of 1890, at the age of 50, he filed a claim for disability for chronic catarrh and chronic bronchitis. At his physical exam in February, 1891, the doctor noted that Ellis was 6' tall, weighted 160 pounds, and was 51 years old. Several months later he was awarded a pension of $8.00 per month for disease of respiratory organs.
Schwartz TF, Roggendorf M, Hottentrager B, et al. Human parvovirus B19 infection in pregnancy. Letter. Lancet 1988; 2: 566-567.
and people will think it's your own. Her cane was on my foot,
As a public service to my Facebook friends I disabled my Pinterest account there so people are not inundated with updates on my never-ending pinning activity. It seemed like the right thing to do in order to maintain my friendships!
I decided this was a question that needed an answer, so I queried my fellow EMUs (except I tricked them into responding by phrasing it more like “the significance of what we do.” I’m crafty that way.)
Something real like the name I saw burned
My younger brother could likewise easily pass the time with collections of old coins, keys, or buttons--that is, when he wasn't busy helping my Grandma--or himself--in the kitchen.
Last week sure didn't feel like a short working week although I, like many in Singapore, only had to report to work for 3 days. Everyday was a mad rush because there's just so much to do! Even so, I've chosen not to touch my school work over the weekend although I couldn't keep it out of my mind. Just thinking about it is enough to cause headache! My husband is not so lucky as he has datelines to meet. So for almost the whole of yesterday & today, he was on the computer, trying to complete his work. As for me, besides running the usual weekend errands, I also baked some goodies.
Cesar A. Alviar, 60, Bloomfield, N.J.
Thanks to everyone who participated in last week's challenge. We look forward to seeing your creations for this week's challenge. Your projects need to be posted by Sunday, May 6 and the winners will be announced on Tuesday, May 8. If by any chance, the Inlinkz button is not present, please send and email to ME and I will make sure to get it fixed.
Saved a little more money. But we can do that next year.
However, that moment was short lived due to a phone call informing us that a family member had been missing for (5) days…hello worry and fear, we hope your not planning on staying too long. Well, they only decided to stay for a short time before sadness and heartache came barreling through the door with the news that our loved one was found, but was no longer with us.
I was lucky enough to interview her in 1994, at her rather luxurious high-rise apartment in Westwood. The circumstances were, as I recall, unusual. The interview had been set up many weeks in advance, but then on February 6th Medina’s husband of 34 years, the great actor Joseph Cotten, died following years of poor health. Our interview was March 28th, less than eight weeks later, but she declined my offers to reschedule it for a later date.
These automatics drone
This shows the difference that straight, wavy and curly hair have. You can see why the curly or even wavy hair comes out of the scalp the way it does to form the curls or waves. It is just very different from straight hair.
Anyway, I'm not fond of that rotating wire K-cup holder. We just don't have the counter space in our kitchen and there is something about it that irks me. I wanted the cups on the counter, near the Keurig, so that we could grab one quickly if we wanted it. So I pulled out the trusty ice bucket!
He’s amazing. He makes me smile and feel so pretty. I want him to be mine for always.
1. The vast majority of your resources are flexible. If you’ve been paying the exact same total for your cord, cell phone, or net invoice for a little bit, then it’s time to refer to them as up. Whenever you let them know that you’ll be acquiring personal problems, they should more often than not lower charge, even whether it’s only for half a year. This will end up saving you large sums of money on a monthly basis.
* Invisible marking is the other method of property marking. This is best for antiques or valuable property that would lose value if spoiled by permanent marking. Police usually check stolen property with a special ultra-violet lamp, so an ultra-violet (UV) marker pen should be used. Just as for permanent marking, use your postcode and mark again if you move. It is important to remember that UV marking fades and will need to be renewed every so often.
I said, “How do you spell this?”
‘Good people disobey bad laws’ is a memorable aphorism posted on the excellent – and witty – Malaysian media portal, The New Straight Times.
Karen arrived in the thick of the drywall installation.
Have a wonderful love affair that works well and nourishes us both
The workshops, which will be free of charge and open to all, will take place in June and July 2012. Further details will be circulated at a later date, but provisional dates/locations are as follows:
Add curry leaves, salt, hing and 1 1/2 teaspoon of water.
Cannot you not see now, that when you pulled that trigger,
Next battle had the same exact forces. It was a solo game, but this time I deployed one figure for each regiment, turning it into a skirmish game. The only change I did was to remove most movement limitations and giving every figure 360 degree LOS. This time I also put a river on the table which didn’t do much but basically shrank the playing surface a bit.
the hand-painted cup,
then smoothing his coat he moves on
And this is why I say that a good upholsterer is your best friend in design. Whether you're a homeowner, a beginning designer or seasoned pro - a good upholsterer is an invaluable tool in your bedazzled tool belt. Most experienced upholsterers are able to make these kinds of changes to an existing piece. I've seen the most used and awful pieces be literally reborn - made modern and fresh. For this project, which is still in process, I brought a sofa, these two chairs and an order for 10 custom seat cushions for various chairs around the house. Everything was made completely to order and fits like a glove. It's important to note, however, that this doesn't come cheap. My client's could have certainly purchased two new matching arm chairs for the same price at a decent store and in some stores they could have purchased two new chairs for the cost of getting just one of these chairs reupholstered. But the quality would never be the same and the chairs would never be as comfortable. These were good chairs to begin with; they were just old and well used. By reupholstering existing furniture, my clients got the exact fabric and details they wanted and kept the old chairs out of the landfill.
The slogan refers to plans by a citizens' committee to launch a referendum that would repeal the prince's veto power.
Today, he’s guest-hosting on the Rush Limbaugh Show and his co-host for an hour has been another great economic thinker, Thomas Sowell. Even if you never listen to Limbaugh, it is a shame to miss these two guys. They are that rarest of commodities on the main-stream media circuit, “black conservatives”, routinely ignored, if not shunned. Instead, on most radio and TV channels, if the producers “require” an African-American economist or social theorist, we are treated to the likes of Harvard’s Henry Louis Gates or Princeton’s Cornel West, both liberals, both completely unoriginal in their pronouncements. Phooey.
Accessoires: brads
‘‘(1) IN GENERAL.—The Director of National Intelligence shall establish procedures to allow elements of the intelligence community to share cyber threat intelligence with private-sector entities and to encourage the sharing of such intelligence.
Robbie is someone I find physically attractive. His physique more than his face. Do I want to date him? No. Do I see any future with him? No. Do I find him smokin’? Hell yeah. That’s about the extent of that. Anything I feel for him is far from the heart.
he laughed again.
The Hell on Heels troupe is already hard at work on their next show, Dangerous Curves Ahead, which will be on April 1st also at the Brick By Brick. Plan ahead and see them! They’re better and cheaper than a movie. If you missed Tatas Through Time, you missed out on the most entertainment you could possibly get for $10!
Chicken Dog – The Jon Spencer Blue Explosion
Are there different ways that we can assist?
‘Because none of these House bills are going anywhere soon in the Democratic Senate, it’s easy enough to dismiss’.
While there is no doubt he needs to put his kids’ welfare before partying/boozing, I don’t see how his ex’s living expenses are $17.5k per month. And what is this “spousal support”?? Is this something he’d still have to pay if they didn’t have kids? What about if she was co-habiting with a new fella? The American judicial system confuses me…
Well, here I was, thinking about shutting down this blog. Just when I was sure that I wanted to call it quits, I went and found a record that I just had to get up here.
Mallarmé’s poems.
Apple this afternoon seeded a new developer preview of their upcoming OS X Mountain Lion release to developers. This new build is at version 12A178q (previously 12A154q) and there aren’t any major changes that anyone has noticed just yet. However, Apple has included a large list of known issues in this build, which may include most, but not all, of what you can experience after installing it.
Chris: Bye Bye. I’ll try my best to never forget you! But if I do, please remember your name so you can tell me who you are. Lol
throughout, and carry their numbers upon each
'Hidden' is the first full studio album from this group of dutch lads, who retain their youthful exuberance and innocent energy, and delve deeper into their own sound. Moving slightly away from the afro-beat blueprint that characterized last year's self-titled debut LP, the nine-piece have added Gamelan tones and studio effects to their afro-funk template, as well as exploring other parts of Africa like Mali's desert soul and djembe rhythms from Senegal. After two years of playing, and having performed over 80 gigs last year, the group have settled in their own rhythm, and 'Hidden' sees them trying out new ideas and forms.
Recently after long bouts of sickness, of which I still have no concrete answers, I was talked into trying Kinesiology and Reiki. Experiencing the flow of energy was an interesting experience. I still cannot quite decide if it helped or not?
(1) Kotex = $1 off
A quick reminder: OC Fashion Week is next week! Be sure to purchase your tickets today for the OC Fashion Showcase! Click the pic to go there now!
I love that sometimes it is so cold it reminds me I am alive.
Now THAT is scary idea.
I asked if she was worried about me not doing my work while working on this project and she said no, that I hadn't been shirking any of my duties.
Ah, you have impeccable taste! I can’t tell you what a thrill it was for me to have Patricia Reilly Giff blurb my book, as her novel, PICTURES OF HOLLIS WOODS is one of my all-time favorites. I think that the opening pages of this novel are some of the most poignant words ever written. Clever. Heart-breaking. Spot-on.
“Every movement or ideology has its extremes.
Or so it seemed.
Thanks for all you gave me.
2) Chicago White Sox (14-17) J. Peavy (3-1, 1.99) @ Cleveland Indians (17-12) J. Gomez (2-1, 2.82), 6:05 pm
In 3 weeks I'm off to the Gold Coast with the kiddos to catch up with our family and friends up there. I love going home for holidays and it's a great time of year to go. I'm planning on 2 and a half weeks of building sandcastles and paddling at the beach with a couple of theme parks thrown in. And eating all my favorite meals that my Mum will be cooking.
Her hair and make up were done by Paul Hanlon and Lucia Peroni respectively.
Mark Meadows (REP) 38.43% 372
After the Justice Department’s inspector general began a review of Whitehurst’s claims, Attorney General Janet Reno and FBI Director Louis J. Freeh decided to launch a task force to dig through thousands of cases involving discredited agents, to ensure that “no defendant’s right to a fair trial was jeopardized,” as one FBI official promised at a congressional hearing.
All glory, praise and honor to God,
How would you like to describe the music you are making?
- Take cover amongst the generators.
braided elastic belt - $6
team tish
Year: 2011
The Spirit of God rushed upon Saul.
Salad with Fried Goat Cheese -
This past Sunday was their opening day. It was held in the space in front of the old fish market buildings and it brought together 29 different vendors, many of whom gave out free samples. I was in heaven! Fresh bread, honey, nuts, cheese and wine – yum! It is not a huge market, but they have a lot to offer and, coupled with the shops on the South Street Seaport (which is admittedly a bit commercialized, but still pleasant), it made for a really great Sunday afternoon!
This time, fortunately, everything was on time.
Target OG - 1038
People who are convicted of crimes are banned by law from accepting government checks on behalf of others, but it is a self-reporting system.
Sadako: "And gender stereotypes are upheld!"
In 2008 Greece blocked Macedonia’s accession at the Bucharest NATO Summit because it insists that its neighbour’s use of the name “Macedonia” implies a territorial claim to its northern province of the same name.
So, first I had to decide whose randomness generator I preferred. Because I'm lazy, I looked for the easiest method and Captain Black's was the one. It was also, basically, magic. Utterly cool to someone of my little brain. Try it. You copy and paste this code into your browser:
I'm exercising two things these days, my brain and my fingers. By experimenting I am learning so much! Here is the latest photo montage. My background here is one I created in Elements using brushes and some text then layering several downloaded textures over it. Then I changed the hue, saturation and lightness until it was the right background for this purple hydrangea.
Don’t forget that you will be a liaison between numerous parties and stakeholders and your job is to keep your attorney appraised on all developments. The checklist plays an important role and shouldn’t be taken lightly. You don’t want to find yourself in a less than ideal position when you got a telephone call from an attorney, who needs the status of a particular deal for a conference call that is scheduled in…10 minutes…and you haven’t updated your checklist for the past two days.
But I digress. The book is really interesting and well written. I highly recommend!
If you’re the kind of person prone to guilt, learn to manage guilt so that guilt serves you rather than imprisons you. Here are eight tips for managing your caregiver guilt:
Jax can now put himself to sleep! Sticking with sleep training took a lot of work and consistency. We had to change our method once when it seemed like what we were doing just wasn't working at all or just making him more upset. Now he rarely cries when being put to bed. Sometimes he'll fuss for a little bit but usually he just talks himself to sleep. It's so sweet, but it also makes me a little sad.
"Attack it! Attack it!"
After a jolly time of some more blood taking and 'just lift your top up now sweetheart'** I had to go and deal with the car park paying machine...which involved having to block the main corridor of a hospital because clearly no-one realised people using mobility aids take up more room. Still snarking to myself I managed to hoist the scooter and got ready to dislocate my shoulder enough to be able to reach the ticket machine from the car. A very sweet old lady was in front of me getting quite stressed about the ticket machine. Which she'd broken. She'd also called for help, but there was no sign of it other than a growing queue of cars. Most of the drivers sat patiently realising what had happened and one or two male drivers appeared to squint at the machine and mumble in that practical man manner. The old ladies stress levels were visibly rising with every additional car, but it was the male driver right at the back of the queue who got out to scream and shout which seemed to finish her off. The helpful men went off to be helpful and intervene between the old lady and shouting man who continued to rant while the old lady reversed her car up and drove over the pavement to get around the barrier. At which point the security guards arrived and blamed me for breaking the machine!
If you’re interested in joining this tour, please send an email with Crazy Dangerous Blog Tour in the subject line to Trish at YABoundGirls @gmail.com Please also display your info like the example below:
Well Timi decided that she would host Thanksgiving at her little 2 bedroom apartment for 9 of her orphan coworkers, parents and brother.
All of a sudden I realized I needed some salt in a bad way. My body cried out for it and my taste buds demanded it!
Christopher B. Wolf is pastor of First Reformed Church of Saddle Brook and is the author of Giving Faith a Second Chance: Restarts, Mulligans and Do-Overs (2007) and With You Every Step of the Way; and the host of Walk With Me, Wednesdays 8 pm on WYFN 94.9 FM-NY and on www.yfnradio.com.
I don't know what my friend Sandy is looking forward to, other then getting out of Whitehorse for a few days...although she has mentioned seafood a few times.
Here is a selection of podcasts and blog posts on the issue:
Local councillors are elected by only a minority of voters, on average 20 percent of people over 18 — but not those younger who inherit the mess local councils are causing — and are not representative of the public. We need to appoint a network of independent officers who have both the responsibility and the resources to preserve or represent the local communities rather than sectional interests. We also need planning law reform to make it harder for councillors, who act as agents for developers, to destroy old buildings.
My topic for the letter O is "overview" which is appropriate for Saturday because that's what I do each Saturday on TOSSING IT OUT. On this blog on Saturdays I look at where I've been in the previous week and where I am expecting to go in the week to come. It's kind of a nice approach because it gives readers a chance to go back to look at something they've missed and lets them know if there is something they might like to remember to look at in the upcoming week. This approach also allows for a somewhat easy post that requires a little less thought--after all it is the weekend.
Totally misplaced criticism. Watch the replay.
Been a few days - things are a bit up in the air at the house of Jelly at the moment so it's a card I made last week to show you today. It uses a combination of goodies from the new Stampin' Up! Summer Mini Catalogue combined with just as scrummy stash from the main Idea Book and Catalogue. I've created yet another pop up card:
Neal's passing shocked his hometown of Orfordville, Wis., (pop. 1,321) which had not seen a combat death since World War I, according to the local American Legion chapter.
This turned out to be one super long post, which was not my intentions at all...but I'm too lazy to go break it up in to two posts! I'll do a separate post about the best night of my life...but that will wait until tomorrow!
c. To bear one’s self loftily in speech or action
There have been various areas in both gentlemen’s evidence which have been looked at, but I want to focus on one.
She just grinned and said, Yep, she knew that, but I couldn't be released from the hospital until I could get around by myself. Not to worry, I would have a walker and she would be right there with me.
-I put lotion on Reed yesterday for the first time in a while and he told him he “felt fresh”.
Here Yahushua’s death is understood as that of the Passover Lamb, ‘Christ our Passover is sacrificed for us’. Sometimes the Passover Seder is confused with the Feast of Unleavened Bread yet is actually a feast all on its own.
M is for memory, We forget what comes next.
The Koh-i-Noor was hailed as one of the world’s largest diamonds, but by the time it reached Britain it was a shadow of what it had once been. Its initial weight was said to have been 793 carats; thanks to a terrible hack job by a jeweler while the stone was with the Moghuls it was cut down to 186 carats. Even with all that cutting, it was still something of a disappointing gem. Prince Albert decided to cut it down further, turning it into a more conventional shape and increasing its brilliance. After much consideration and time and money, in 1852 the stone lost nearly another half of its weight. Today, it clocks in at 105.6 carats. (And reportedly, Albert still wasn’t pleased.) Queen Victoria mounted her new stone in a brooch setting, and also in the front cross of her Regal Circlet or as the center of the Timur Ruby necklace.
From my analysis of the Olympic Torch Route Interactive Map, the torch will be in Stranraer on Friday, June 8th at - get this - 6.08 am. After what looks like a five minute run, it races (a vehicle?) to appear in Cairnryan at 6.31 am for a three minute run. It obviously leaves Dumfries and Galloway pretty sharpish, as it's in Ayrshire by 7.07 am. One hour in the county.
How do I know when it’s time to get an agent?
Their children gain but mine and others lose, yet we must say not a thing, not one word must we utter, not one act of dissent, we must all it seems, merely await our final journey, our final peace, our final unworthy service and committal to the here after. It is hard to believe she has gone that such a good and honest person is no more, that this world will not now hold such a person whilst evil-doers do lunch in our prisons. She was I am afraid one of those really quite awful single parents, that much maligned species, at least by those who purport to be of the right, yet she ran a small business until the Asians wiped it out, she unable to match their prices and indeed their hours of opening, she once told me that they had almost complete control of the warehouses and that other non-Asian retailers had little chance of profit because of it, they sticking to their own and we out in the cold. Still she worked for so very long, paid her due and more , although what the worker pays in this country is not really their debt ,they pay on another’s behalf, indeed never were any people as exploited as the common man, never so used and abused, lied to and worked so hard.
Further proof, if proof were needed, that British cheeses are up there with the best in the world. You can read more about it here.
Pain is estimated to cost more than 200 billion euros a year in Europe and $150 billion in the United States.
A cool looking calendar put together by a couple who traveled through Asia visiting "innovative educational organizations", and are selling a calendar with photos from their trip to finance a documentary about said trip.
09) X.Y.U.
The tools include a tiny razor to shave hairs, a miniature shovel-like device to scoop up wax, tweezer-like objects to scrape the inner ear and little cotton balls on sticks that are twirled inside the ear to tickle the skin.
pinched stitched & penciled and carries an old quilt scrap sack
I just had to come back one last time
He caused no small stir among the Romans at Philippi. He was doing the same among the soldiers of Jerusalem. The centurion said to Lysius, “take heed what thou doest; for this man is a Roman.” Why did he need the warning? It would have been contrary to Roman law for one of its citizens to be punished wrongfully, without a fair trial. Lysius would be in great strife had this gone ahead. We can only guess at the possible repercussions.
So here's to Monday and the start of a new routine!
1 avalon
It's shots, after shots, after shots, after shots. It's bruises, in various places, your heart being one of them. It's money that you don't have, but don't regret spending, but still don't have.
Windows 8 with Internet Explorer 10
It seems as though they were turned giant size while on the island. Chopper suspects Master’s experiments are to blame.
As it turns out, Maya refers to everything Maya, except when referring to a Mayan language. For example, it’s Maya culture. Not Mayan culture. It’s Maya archaeology, not Mayan archaeology.
At this point in my father’s story his Studebaker had just about reached the corner of Broad and Walnut in Center City Philadelphia. The Bellevue-Stratford stood there, still a few years before it became notorious for something called “legionnaire’s disease.”
This past weekend my folks came down for a visit. We had a few days in Gainesville, but spent most of our time over on the panhandle, visiting a few state parks. It was great to finally see this part of the state since we most likely won't get over there again before we leave Florida.
I started thinking that I wanted to turn that observation into a blog entry. I’ve been working on it all week, and it never came together. It eventually became something weird about how people take the easy jokes instead of pushing themselves to be more creative.
Fears and hopes
This year I was going to something different. I was going to bring gingerbread men cookies to all my celebrations. Mix it up a little and not bring cupcakes, right? Well, after sugar cookies, I realized that I pretty much hated cutting out all those cookies and frosting them AND decorating them. Forget about it. I stuck to what I know. What I really love doing – making cupcakes out of cake mix and lots of buttery frosting.
"Did anyone really understand Lost?" (Additional question: "...or understand the ending?")
at least when it comes to synth-related material,
As much as this is a courtroom drama, and a very effective one at that, I can't stress enough how it's comic elements are just as entertaining, thanks in large part to the obvious chemistry between Laughton and Lanchester. Dietrich is movie magic as always, a figure of towering charisma who doesn't even have to speak to steal a scene. Power can't be blamed for being no more than a good-looking prop, as his character is merely a device to set the other characters in motion around him. His arc pays off big-time in the film's big "gotcha" ending--which I won't spoil here for those who have yet to experience it.
I decided that it was my fault, I had expected great things-therefore I jinxed myself into the situation. This would continue for years. By some stroke of insanity, I convinced myself for years that I was always wrong, I always brought the disappointment on myself. So, my “no expectations” rule was born. When you have no expectations, you can’t be disappointed. It was a defense mechanism I designed to prevent myself from ever feeling the heartbreak I endured when that “relationship” finally ended.
But I really want the orange blob (which when looking closer, the top part is like a flame — more cuter saying orange blob)! It’s just so adorable and you can never feel sad after watching this advert. I love the bit where it’s looking at itself on the laptop ^__^
2 Stampin' Write markers
Answer: Its library.
Her songs became anthems, including the magnificent Falling in Love Again (her signature tune), The Boys in the Backroom (a gay anthem), and her rendition of the anti-war song Where Have All the Flowers Gone - as well as her camp kitschy collaborations with the likes of Rosemary Clooney and even Noel Coward!
I’m pretty confident the colourway will be a good match.
Jason is also working on what was a top-secret project, unannounced to press until now. Keep an eye out for his creepy look into the abandoned Rocky Point Cottages, coming “soon” to a screen near you.
This time I've been making pencil or in my case pen grips, you know the type of things that you put onto a pen or pencil to help you ... well grip it better.
April is a great time to start eggplant seeds in Zone 9. Eggplants are part of the solanum, or nightshade, family which also includes tomatoes, sweet and chile peppers, and tomatillos. These plants all love the heat, making them well suited to our hot, humid climate. You'll find that many vegetable plants sputter out when our long summer drags on, but eggplants remain extremely productive during even the hottest summer months. In fact, eggplants started now should produce constantly from June through the first hard frost (which occurred last year in late November). That's six months of harvesting pounds and pounds of eggplants, enough to fatigue even the most ardent eggplant lover by the end of the growing season.
I caught an earlier train than originally planned into Den Haag, thinking I’d get dinner here and settle in early for the night. Instead I ended up getting the very last ticket for a screening of The Light in Her Eyes as part of the Movies that Matter Festival (organised by Amnesty International) and wolfing down a €0.25 bread roll before entering the theatre.
This takes about 10 minutes.
I’m happy to report that today The Berkshire Athenaeum – accepted my book “Cryptic” for future public library distribution. It’s exciting news, because…once? I sat there reading the books by other people- and now, I have one of mine- with my own name on it- there for others to read.
Mr Ego Trip
Bente, Cazza, Faye, Jilli, Tracey, Jo and I have all decided it's time to either take a break from crafting to concentrate on home life, or to just cut back on DT commitments.
Ok, im starting to worry that you have forgot me or no longer love me - whats the deal-
When she went to the comfort room we turned off the lights and hide anywhere we can hide ourselves in the Wave hall as we waited her to enter with the lights off.
I’ll need to get Kristina to give me a template of how those synopses look in law books. I think we’ll have a pretty good niche market in the overworked, deliriously tired law school students. Yesss!!
"Ah, yes. Good shot." What a cute dress. Perfect shape. Great detail. Darling peplum waist that is a little hard to see and a black mesh insert at the neck. Twenty dollars! She can wear it to work! (Yes, she is intelligent and capable, too!)
And yet. . . There was a day, one day, a week or two ago now, that I walked in to work and gazed around at all the people—the sea of faces (I currently work in a large municipal library). And what I saw on each face was the touch of God, the Divine Presence looking back at me and saying, “Here I am; here in this person I have made.” The room swam and I literally caught my breath as I recognized God everywhere—walking and talking and looking back at me.
1 soapstone
Bottom row from left to right- daytrip to Kennebunkport, daytrip to Nubble Light, Melrose Victorian Fair, Percy admiring himself
"Make it stop!" he screamed.
Any prayers to Ninkasi on my behalf are gratefully accepted.
4) In the same pan, heat the remaining oil.
My sister in law Nadine is getting married in London this summer and she’s asked me to make the wedding cake. For 180 people. I’m not a baker by profession. But I do love to cook, and I like a challenge.
I'll call it with my dying breath' - Dubstar
Cut the onions to desired size - I prefer wedges.
Righteous Brothers You’ve lost that lovin’ feelin’ US
But we're both a-ok!
F12 went upstairs to tackle BBC Bitesize. Pokémon-type noises soon issued from what is laughingly called the Study.
5 - D'You Know What I Mean?
The picture above is not very good, but it is a scan of a slide taken in the mid-1960s. The scene is the Court House square of my hometown of Crown Point, Indiana.
We made another stop, the sign declared it New Zealand’s longest swing bridge, so we stopped to test this claim. I wandered ahead, while the boys jacked out of their iPod universes, to find out what the fuss was all about. I returned announcing that Michelle should bring her purse. There was the possibility of jet boating over rapids, a chair slide across a ravine, being flown over the ravine on a spot line (the Superman), as well as walking across the steel swing bridge. The area was a large gold mining colony for years, before an earthquake pretty much put an end to the panning and mining activities. Heavier mining had taken place also, old rusted diggers and lorries from a bygone era were slowly being corroded and strangled by the jungle. There is something very satisfying about nature reclaiming its own. I love the contrast of rust and foliage, cracked concrete split by roots and rooftop saplings.
Spinsters and cats.
Click the ‘Startup’ tab to view your current startup programs. From this menu you can check and uncheck which startup programs you want to enable and disable. In the above example, I can tell that I can turn off Adobe Acrobat, Adobe Reader, QuickTime, KACE, Quick Finder, and the items from McAfee, Inc. by unchecking the box to the left without affecting the essential functions of my Operating System.
The usual Christmas songs were sung, and I have to say for kids ages 7 through 10 they were good. I was totally impressed with the band. If you closed your eyes you never would have guessed the students were only in elementary school and the chorus was great!
34. Scientists with high-speed cameras have discovered that rain drops are not tear shaped but rather look like hamburger buns.
I took the image and did a transfer onto a vintage flashcard. I really love how cleanly it turned out. Then I got this crazy idea to see if the varitone ink would work on top of the transfer. For those of you who don't know what varitone ink it's an ink created by Coffee Break that turns brown when you heat it, so it looks burnt and distressed. The cool thing about it is once it's been heated, its permanent-so you don't have to worry about the color running or changing if you do something on top of it. What wound up happening was that the ink took to all the spots where the transfer tore, so that once I heated it, they turned a lovely distressed brown. I also sponged some around the outside of the image and heated it.
I’m in the midst of writing a RIVETING* research paper about George McClellan at the moment and cannot find time for much, which is why I’m writing this on Friday night in the hopes that I’ll remember to post it tomorrow morning. That being said, I couldn’t bear the thought of doing two LazyPosts in a row, so I’m going to post about things I dislike about the Internet/social networking sites.
None other are in my belonging.
I fell in love with the story right away—-again, Cyn’s voice and lyrical language were wonderful, and I very much welcomed a story about a contemporary Native girl, with not a stereotype in sight.
My house now. Mom calls me. He’s left her for someone else. I go to my mother’s house to sit with her and try to dry her tears. And listen. And try not to say I told you so. But Nana does. Nana says what comes around goes around. And I pray it doesn’t. I pray it doesn’t.
Perfect. Bliss.
Min 5: Maybe you’re not talking enough about your gayby. You used to always mention your gayby and now it’s like your non-existent, future, child is dead. What is wrong with you?
August 8, 2005
PS. Thanks so much for all your sweet comments on my Missoni dress. I would have responded to everyone individually but I was too busy blushing.
AND, she cartwheels (pregnant) in the middle of Times Square.
The Soldier’s Wife is a testament to friendship, resilience, and the power of creative problem-solving. Readers of Trollope’s other novels will not be disappointed, and fans of Kristen Hannah’s The Winter Garden or Penelope Lively’s more recent novels should give this one a try.
Of superstitious fear,
♥ My March Birchbox came in the mail about a week ago, and it has more than exceeded my expectations! I’m hoping to get a post up about that over the weekend, so be sure and check back to see what I had in my box this month!
“Oh really, you must be nervous, first time?”
:: if I ever run away from home... look for me in St. Maartens.
I had to work late this night, so I needed to make something quick and easy for Joe to have when he got home from school. I didn't look at a recipe for Chicken Parmesan so I have no idea if I even did it the right way, but I guess it doesn't matter because it was so good! I used thin sliced chicken breasts and dipped them in a scrambled egg, then covered them in Italian breadcrumbs and baked them in the oven until cooked through. I used a 13x9 Pyrex baking dish and covered the bottom with marinara sauce, and put the cooked chicken breasts on top of the sauce. I sliced some fresh mozzarella to put on top and popped it all back in the oven until the cheese was melted. We had it with whole wheat pasta and roasted broccoli and we will definitely be having this again soon!
Now that I got that out of the way, I have a serious bone to pick with Lupe Fiasco. As many of you know, his new album, LASERS, drops next month and features a song called “Words I Never Said”. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=btQKGvVRnZ8
CATAPHOR: a cat which is a symbol, usually of human feelings or emotions. (The Three Lives of Thomasina, Breakfast at Tiffany's, The Leopard, Walk on the Wild Side)
We hope to receive some more info of artist, composer, singer and writer Eva Vargas.
As it sounds, things get complicated. They get very complicated. Makoto hurts Katsura so he could pursue something with Sakai. While Sakai thinks it’s a romantic relationship, for Makoto it’s purely physical.
If the awareness required by internalism is weak awareness, then internalism is vulnerable to the SPO, in which case internalism loses its main motivation for imposing the awareness requirement.
Your mission is fulfill’d—but I, more warlike,
I'm still helping with my beautiful Rose!
Rogers, I. “KMB250 Creative Performer 1 – On the Floor: DIY ideology and performance by Ian Rogers: Lecture week 9 powerpoint” (accessed August 19, 2011) http://blackboard.qut.edu.au/.
I have known Gladys, vaguely, for many years but only recently gotten to know her better.
Created by Iva Wilcox
When the Pennsylvania Board of Education last year tried to serve less candy to students in a good faith effort to stop our children from becoming completely spherical, Sarah Palin literally rushed to Pennsylvania with a plate of sugar cookies. “Here you go, fat kids! Have a big old face full of freedom!” Oh yes, Sarah Palin, the Rosa Parks of dessert.
we all know that they run the school :)
2. Melt 100 gm of the butter. Set aside to cool.
Their mission completed, Geoffrey and his companions rush to two different kingdoms to ask for aid. Danger and betrayal lurks around every corner, and even allies have secrets that could prove deadly. Geoffrey's feelings for Celestia grow and wane. After learning some of Celestia's secrets, he begins to have second thoughts about his love for her and is even drawn to Jenanna.
Schumann – Liebesfrühling, op.37: ‘So wahr die Sonne scheiner’
Persimmons- Great baked in cookies and they go well with walnuts or pecans.
So, I'm taking tips straight from the book and I'm reaching out. Instead of Married White Female seeking Best Friend Forever, I'm reaching out to you guys as Engaged White Blogger seeking Blog Friends Forever :)
I was kind of in shock yesterday but I have had time to think about since (I didnt really sleep last night, I couldnt stop thinking about it). Heres the conclusions Ive come to. Im not at all happy about this, in fact Im feeling a bit devastated. There are many emotional issues that I will have to deal with that I dont want to but the biggest problem is that I will have to do group and individual therapy on the same day. If youve been following my blog for very long, you know that I have problems with hypoglycemia. This is something that is a constant worry of mine. Whenever I leave the house I have to make sure that I have food and cough drops with me (cough drops seem to work better for me at keeping my blood sugar stable in a pinch until I get home than other things, like hard candy or gum, which also do help).
Acas has designed a training course for employers that gives guidance on the issues they may need to think through arising from the London 2012 Games such as planning staff holidays, working from home, and coping with difficult journeys to work. Details of the course can be found on our training page.
And this page…Jasper, the wakeboarding dog: independence again…”I can do this, I know I can”... (from a “booklet” that I created for a 5th grader who was in my class….trying to help him with ideas about going towards more happiness…but ideas apply to adults, as well as kids) Just replace the word “happy” with the word “independent”…similar principles apply
I will tell you the Nike Running Shoes won . . . although I'm pretty sure my son got the better workout. On a Rip Stick, you almost exclusively use your abdominal muscles to power yourself forward. Using your legs to run is far easier.
So back to a sick baby again. He goes through bouts of feeling better and then needing to nestle in with mommy for long periods of time. When I got home from work this afternoon he had been asleep for about 2 1/2 hours. I waited and waited for him to wake up and finally at 530 I threw in the towel so he wasn't up all night tonight and had boyfriend wake up Brody. He was less than thrilled to be pulled from slumber. I can dig it.
not itching as much--finally gotten his skin under control, which means he's wearing the mittens less and less which is such a nice change
CCC-1278 The essential rite of Baptism consists in immersing the candidate in water or pouring water on his head, while pronouncing the invocation of the Most Holy Trinity: the Father, the Son, and the Holy Spirit.
I could find time to run to Target or Walmart and purchase a set of tongs and a new spatula, and likely pay a few dollars less. If I wanted to, I could go on Amazon.com and buy something.
She is not the only free thinker in the store. I can’t tell you how many ice cream recipes we’ve canned or added because “the crew” of my 15 to 20 year olds thought it was time for a change. And they were right!
Today I was a special education teacher at Edison Middle School in Champaign. This was my third or fourth time substituting for this particular teacher, so I already knew what to expect, and I was glad to be available to sub for her again.
Yet, it is deceptive where you live, it is somewhere you can pretend what's happening isn't and can feel that all is well whilst still knowing deep down that it is not.
Brewed by:
These are some of my favorite examples of statement making abstract wall art:
Ethan: Welllll...... maybe.
Symptoms: M/s is easing up. Still having a lot of nausea, but only vomiting every other day or so. I've also been having bad headaches, which stinks because Tylenol is worthless.
Make appointments for hair/makeup - narrowed down timeline so now can proceed
Why are authors not monetarily protected by statute but recording artists are? Are writers inherently less important than those who make music?
OSK Research said it preferred not to speculate about the rumours “as again, disappointments may be in store” although DRB-HICOM could be preferred as “Volkswagen’s production line-up could be injected into the Proton facility in Tanjung Malim to establish a production hub for the Asean market.”
1 uncertain
Later that evening, we decided to write down our experience. Michael wrote, “I felt very happy after I got the Holy Ghost, a joy that could never be comprehended. It felt like 400 lbs. had been lifted from my back. It felt like I was now closer to God than I had ever been in my life. I felt like I had just been pushed out of the darkness into the sunlight. When I spoke in tongues, it felt like I was saying something that nobody for a million years could interpret, but God could interpret it and He knew it was praise coming towards Him. Praise God. It has been the best night of my life.”
There is little merit in accepting the PR version and not looking at the historical record. If someone is the subject of hero worship on an intercontinental scale, his record of achievement must be critically evaluated. On that basis, we cannot disguise that Mandela and the ANC have failed, a failure terrible in its character and terrible in its consequences. To suggest anything else is analytically preposterous.
"I'M GOING FISHING"
Tomorrow at the NABC Pizzeria and Public House, two kegs of NABC Hard Core Gore will be tapped, one from the new 2012 batch, and the other from last year's inaugural batch.
Activate your Gray Square layer, Selections, Select All, Float, Defloat
As I have been trying to explain to the "Just vote NO!" crowd for the last five months on this blog, things are not as rosey as they appear. How many times have I had to listen to the blubbering idiots say "Let's wait and see what American gets/They're up for a 30% raise/No WAY will they give up their retirement!" etc etc etc.
Now that we're seen what the panelists had to say, it's time to debut who you, the readers, want to see representing the Korean indie scene on "I Am a Singer", following Jaurim's winning performances on the show!
After this experience, Brother Linus wants to organize the book market planned for June "completely differently".
And just as with BusRadio – which once boasted on its website for advertisers that it would “take targeted student marketing to the next level” – it’s clear the underlying purpose of BEST is to deliver a captive audience of students to advertisers. The BEST website includes a section of “ideal partnerships” which include “targeted content partners” and “commercial sponsorships.”
All these beautiful attractions of Himachal have made it one of the most preferred choices among the travelers as this mesmerizing state has everything enclosed in its boundaries. So plan your trip to Himachal Pradesh as it has got something for everyone and offers you life long memories.
What happened is that the girl blew into town, called up a male friend and they went out for a meal and then back to her hotel room. She filed a workers' compensation claim for 'facial and psychological injuries' she suffered when a glass light fitting came away from the wall above the bed during their activities:
My project today is a LO. If u look closely you will see the pixie dust on their wings.
Of God’s simple flower, a life of his Love’s reflection
SPEAKING OF PURPLE FAIRY’s.. Melanie Monster and I sure seem to encounter some damn frilly bipolar glittery ones. SHEESH. Case in point: who makes out with a girl and then BAM stops talking to her and freaks out and then turns everyone against her? anyone? Case 2: Why are you going to all the trouble to meet someone.. say i’ll be right back and then SIT THERE and not come back and then throw a bitch fest? YOU LEFT. case 3: don’t ask vulgar questions and bring things up that are NONE of your business so you sound like a jealous FREAK of a NON BOYFRIEND friend. wtf is wrong with you. Case FOUR: THE FOREIGN GIRLS DONT LIKE YOU THEY LIKE YOUR CITIZENSHIP. The End with that.
I have glimmer that is going to last me forever and it was all made for less than $4.
As I said recently, I've take up yoga. (Time suck, but it's good for me, so it's allowed.)
Are you still in that mind set that “as soon as they hear us or as soon as they see us or as soon as they like us, it will all be easy living?
Know ye, these dead:
Drank milk- since all mammal moms give their babies milk
I'm new to the whole swap thing, but the few times that I've mentioned it, the response from readers has always been, "I HATE swaps and I'll never do another after I quilted an entire Cadillac DeVille - life size - and my swap partner sent me a used tissue and a severed ear." So when my GenQ cohorts were all hot to sponsor a swap, I said, "Okay, but everybody tells me they hate them!" But others among us had participated in swaps and had no issues, so we forged ahead.
Saturday 10-5
Coach Xhi asked us to bring yoga mats. I got anxious coz I'm so sure I'd have to stretch, lie down, and go on all fours in a public place.
Roland TB-303 (19-02-2001) - House innovators Coldcut and Orbital discuss the Roland 303 synthesizer.
Two: If you are selected from the first round you will then be required to submit to us projects that we will give you in the 1st week of June to be back to us prior to our decision on the 15th June
Are they kidding?
The middle class in America has basically died, if a family of four doesn't have an annual income over $70,000 a year they are still behind.
With the beater still on low, slowly feed in the coffee and then bring up the speed to medium and beat until fully incorporated
Fast forward 10 years. The last two years have been my most sleep deprived. Sleep, you and I have been evading each other. Between being pregnant with twins (can you say uncomfortable?), spending 7 weeks in the NICU, coming home for a month with twins who were up every three hours around the clock, and rounding out 2010 in Vanderbilt PICU where I looked for you, but alas you could not be found. We met many parents in Vanderbilt who were looking for you too. Unfortunately, you seem to evade the moms and dads with a sick child.
giving birth to all they meant to sing
as long as it flows . . .
I used to go to summer camp. I always hated it. It was pretty awful. They forced me to swim when I didn’t know how. You couldn’t flick on an AC at will. Harvestmen would crawl on your face at night. Lastly, you had to sing those stupid, stupid songs…
Now, does all this happen in the USA? I believe it does, but not to the extent to where we’re really taking note.
8. Blindman
Evidence strongly suggests that focusing on fitness rather than weight is the best chance for long-term health. Researchers have found that fitness trumps fatness and that simple healthy habits (like eating 5 servings of fruits and veg, walking 30 minutes a day, drinking moderately, and not smoking) even the playing field among people of all sizes. Thus supporting healthy behaviors without focusing on employee weight is the only thing that’s been shown to produce short and long term success. There’s a great case study of a Health at Every Size workplace health program in action on page 42 of this zine.
CPR in Canada releases guidelines to 'push fast and push hard'
With the table relocated, I set out to find a buffet for the room to round out the furniture pieces. I was looking for something that could serve as a display surface for desserts and coffee, accessorized with some lamps and perhaps a mirror.
But what a great way to break up a trip.
12. Sell Out - The Who (1967)
This is a simplified version of the New Deal which greatly reduced American unemployment during the 30’s. However government spending was too small to reduce unemployment enough. It wasn’t until the Second World War with its huge spending on armaments that unemployment was no longer a problem. War spending provided income and jobs to the soldiers and factory workers. The bottom chart shows the drop in unemployment (dotted line is actual unemployment; solid line is unemployment minus those employed by government work schemes).
Running. And my husband. And my twitter friends. lol
Ingredients (all can usually be found at a typical grocery store):
My Dad's back home after his respite and, touch wood, him and my Mam seem to be settling down to a lifestyle they can rub along with even though it's not ideal. The only snag on the horizon is his next appointment to decide whether or not he can take an operation to install a permanent catheter. It seems to me that the strokes occur not long after he's been anaesthetised. Still, he can't carry on with the one he's got now indefinitely so we'll just have to hope for the best.
The Antichrist. Her saintliness
Butter your bread slices, run them in a toaster or under the brioler till it turns brown. Spread the jam, liberally. Now comes the fun part. Melt some nutella (or bitter-sweet chocolate) on a pan set over simmering water. Drizzle across the spread. Top it with walnuts.
Over at dVerse their Meeting the Bar challenges us to explore allegories. If you have ever wondered what the heck one is, then head over. As always, explore the pub while you are there. They offer so much on their menu.
Well, one way is to use them for mulch. Yep, that's right, mulch.
So, around midnight pacific time last night, we conducted a number of maintenance and cleanup operations, got a full backup of the site and database, then upgraded the boards software to the latest revision. After the upgrade successfully completed, we tested it briefly, and then got a post upgrade full backup of the site and database as well.
Okay, porta potties are the opposite of soundproof. I mean the WAY opposite of soundproof. They are the fart enhancers. Even the SBD's would be heard in these things.
In the meantime, check out our journey so far:
to celebrate together
For me, it has always been the story of my great-grandmother and her Parisian upbringing that has been the inheritance. Rumours of family wealth squandered at the Moulin Rouge and my great-great-great grandfather's involvement in building the Eiffel tower have long circulated with very little fact to uphold their foundations. My mother has repeatedly hinted there is a book in it. Then there is, on the other side, the rogue who defrauded the Bank of England and got transported to Tasmania, abandoning wife and family behind to set up shop there with new spouse as a doctor of some dubious sort. I gaze at the family photos of these strangers and trace my brother's eyes in the face of a forgotten great-great-uncle or my own rather pointy chin on another. What role do their genes play in me? I can sketch a connection between the Walter Mitty world of that fraudster and my career making things up (!) but that is not really who I am any more than I am my piano-playing great-grandmother or my sailor grandfather. And I find myself holding back. To try and expose their inner lives by intelligent guess work feels a little like revealing my own secrets. I also fear to offend the living for whose these faces still have meaning. Could I actually bring myself to write the truth if I attempted it?
Lewis tells me: “Just because black people are laughing, doesn’t mean you’re allowed to make the racial joke. It doesn’t mean you can tell that joke to an audience of white people. It doesn’t mean you’re going to get a laugh from it. It doesn’t mean they’re not going to hate you.
Last month, the V.A.’s own inspector general reported on a 26-year-old veteran who was found wandering naked through traffic in California. The police tried to get care for him, but a V.A. hospital reportedly said it couldn’t accept him until morning. The young man didn’t go in, and after a series of other missed opportunities to get treatment, he stepped in front of a train and killed himself.
Heat the vegetable oil in a large pot over medium-high heat. Add the onion and cook, stirring occasionally, until softened and lightly browned, about 8 minutes. Add the garlic and curry paste and cook, stirring, 1 to 2 minutes. Add the chicken broth, coconut milk and fish sauce; cover and bring to a boil.
-’80′s Aerobics Video Instructor Janet Judy Tran: Aerobics videos appear to be an obscure interest of K-Wiig’s. She didn’t convince the rest of us to share this interest, but she did try. C+
The Conflict Within were first established in 2009. Was this your first project?
"Knowledge is a mighty thing to have in the hand, but I would trade it all if I could only understand." -- Author Unknown
She calls D to let him know and, pick your jaws up off the floor, he shows up to go to the hospital with them. Right? I can't believe it either.
Chop. Pour. Simmer. Who knew three simple steps could release the most magical aroma into the air?
Here we were 800 miles out from New York, off the Grand Banks, our position latitude 41 degrees, 46 minutes north, longitude 50 degrees, 14 minutes west. No one yet thought of any serious trouble. The ship was unsinkable.
If you truly cannot find words of your own, share a poem that helped you get through your grief. Although grief is such a personal experience, the emotions portrayed in poetry are universal.
“If an obligated entity does not fulfil the renewable purchase obligation as provided in these Regulations during any year and also does not purchase the certificates, the Commission may direct the obligated entity to deposit into a separate fund, to be created and maintained by such obligated entity, such amount as the Commission may determine on the basis of the shortfall in units of RPO and the forbearance price decided by the Central Commission”:
What stood out most of all was his attitude. He had a total blasé approach to baseball, a precursor to the strong silent types like Alex Rodriguez and Carlos Beltran, who just play but have a hard time having fans warm up to them (though admittedly his numbers are not as impactful as either of those two players…just an example of good players that fans don’t warm up to).
Almost seems we can’t engage anything without declaring war on it. And talk about (intentionally?) miserable aim. The War on Terror, besides being a lurid excuse for pirating resources, especially oil, and “spreading freedom and democracy”, it cloaks a maniacal assault on our Constitution (with or without “boots on the ground”) to render the US a police state. Such irony might have only one viable competitor….
Peters told the deputy his neighbor gave him permission to scrap the aircraft parts, however, when the deputy interviewed his neighbor, the neighbor said he never gave him Peters permission to take the aircraft parts.
Fall Iceland UK
Don't you just adore distressed or old looking cards??? Antique, aged or Victorian, whatever you call them, they are just beautiful and have something so special to just melt your heart and bring back memories.
But I am completely sure there is some decorative use for this beautiful container. Suggestions are welcome!
I think you will find that everyone has a different interpretation of a text’s suitability for age group. Personally I am not a fan of age banding for this reason, and because children discover different texts at different stages. Professionally, however, I make sure through their contracts that the author has the right to say whether age banding appears on their books.
My bad....that was 101!!
So…how do you balance this work/life thing???
My earliest thoughts of my mom are of her comforting me when I was in the hospital at the age of two. Yes, I can remember back that far. I almost died from spinal meningitis, and they tortured me night and day with needles in my spine, but she hugged and comforted me through it all.
3) Make a book of coupons or a certificate... You can hand write or make and print them via your computer. Suggestions would be things like: Good for breakfast in bed... Good for 1/2 hour massage... Good for a night out... Good for a picnic in the park... Good for (you get the idea, use your imagination)! I found several links to printable Valentine coupons via google search. Here is one that I thought was cute:
Well, we are at the end of the remodeling process for our kitchen. There are a few minor things that need to be done, but hopefully you don’t notice them in these pictures.
Date & Time: January 28th, 2011
Generations of Americans have ooh-ed and ahh-ed over Tiffany rings and bracelets and necklaces, even if they can’t afford to buy. Which is just fine with the folks who run the place.
"Twenty years now
I was 17 years old and had flown through my final year of high school---I didn't have to wait for my results, I knew that I had passed every subject and passed them well.
713 D-II/18/1976. “The Geography of Hobbes’s Table of the Sciences.” Department of Philosophy, The University of Illinois at Chicago, Chicago, Illinois.
3 teaspoons sea salt – divided, plus extra for rolls and tentacles
What shall we do when hope is gone?”
Classes: I managed to land FOUR limited attended classes, but while I learned some new and nifty things, I've decided that trying to get as many limited classes as possible is not the best Costume college strategy. I missed some really great unlimited classes, and also missed circulating and socializing (my favorite Costume College activity). I also taught a class this year, which made me too anxious to enjoy a class or two beforehand (but I'm not dissuaded from teaching again next year).
You may be saying...why in the world would she be driving across country? She could probably buy an airline ticket for just the cost of the gas!. You would be correct. However, there are a whole slew of reasons why I'm going....I haven't been to visit my cousin who lives there in about 30 years, Brenna is speaking at Good Vibrations and it's also her birthday week,I love San Diego, I love unschooling conferences and some of my favorite people in the whole world will be there. I do realize that not one of those reasons has anything to do with my driving rather than flying.
The theme this week is
James and I might bake a few mince pies later. I have also promised a cheesecake (a proper baked one) as nobody here likes Christmas pudding and, seeing as it’s only the three of us this year, well, we suit ourselves. But it’s hardly arduous. So that leaves…time. A fire, of course. Rosemary in from the garden – for remembrance of the dear ones who won’t be with us (Mum enjoyed last night btw, when friends dropped by unexpectedly and said hello to her). Tiny lights sparkling. Frankincense winding tendrils through the house.
“You would think it would just be good for your ego (and it is good for your ego), but then it sort of creates this spiral of ‘Do they really love me?’” she chuckles.
I'd prepared the dungeon some weeks in advance and placed it in that hex, thinking that the party might one day stumble across it; I'd used one of Dyson Logos' maps, found here, stocked it up and left it. There are a couple of other hexes with dungeons waiting to be found but I really need to get on and do some more so that if the party decide to head off in another direction, I've got something for them to find. It just goes to show that dungeons don't have to be massive to be fun.
controlled flames in the fireplace
On the pregnancy side of things....... I am 23 weeks today. It is crazy that we're half way through March... and come April I will have less than 100 days to go. We start birthing classes at the end of April that will go through the beginning of June. I've been feeling great. I did a pre-natal swimming class last Tuesday in Anacortes and will probably do it again this week. I need to start doing some walking. I also have a call into a dance instructor whom I heard through the swimming class that does prenatal yoga......I'm crossing my fingers. I really like the yoga. I may just be able to do a class here in Burlington and just amend it to be what I can do..... it relaxes me like nothing else. :) I felt hiccups for the first time this week..... it felt like my butt was twitching. LOL It hiccuped from the front to back it really was weird. I've been feeling Chuck kick a LOT more often too. He actually woke me up for the first time this morning.....
“Absolutely” I affirmed, finally out of my head and in the game.
Punches - Stampin Up 'Scallop trim'
Rsvps came immediately, but trickled in (driving me crazy, of course!), and I actually had three guests email to ask if they could Rsvp via email so they could keep the whole invitation intact.
Different weather patterns has been something that’s interested me for years. Not in a boffin filled way, I just like to be out in it. I Have seen all sorts. A shower to a monsoon. Sleet to a 12 foot drop of snow overnight.
Simon is playing at the park with his little daughter. Of course, the kid is going to be the patient because this is House and this show hates me. The little girl wants to ride the carousel by herself. Dad lets her but she has to promise not to tell Mommy. He’s videotaping the event. Uh, dude, Mom’s gonna find out if you film it. The first rule of getting away with something is to make sure there’s no evidence. Duh. The carousel starts up and then Emily has a nosebleed and falls off the horse. Oh my god, I hate this show sometimes.
Now lets get on with some creative sharing for today, I used the Gypsy to create this project and you can do this one with out the gypsy if you don't have one. I used two cartridges from Cricut Wrap it Up and Walk In My Garden, then the perfect stamp collecton Simply Sweet Ocassions from My Pink Stamper. Then I used some Versa Watermark Ink and a little yellow ribbon to finish off the creation , I love the way it turned out and think I will be makinf a few more of these to keep on hand.
1/2 oz. VERY dark chocolate (70%+ cacao), broken into small pieces
There's a slight sense of desperation across the town. Since the revolution, tourism, on which Luxor absolutely depends, has dropped; as a consequence airlines have been cutting back on flights and even if tourists want to go there, it's not as easy as it used to be to find a flight on the day you want. This means tourism is reduced even further. The cruise ships that progress along the Nile were plentiful, but on their decks inhabitants seemed, from the shores, sparse.
*We switched to using FRY words because we thought it would give us better data since there are 100 words per list. We had previously used Dolch Words but the #'s were not the same for each list.
Gamaran #138: Gama takes out his attackers while Zenmaru protects his fallen comrade. An old foe in the background takes out his comrades as he salivates for a rematch with the new and improved Gama.
Q: Regarding famous rejections, like Kathyrn Stockett’s and JK Rowling’s: I, too, have marveled that so many agents could turn down such obviously well-written manuscripts. Is there really such a glut of fabulous fiction out there that agents can afford to be so choosy? Then someone pointed out that these manuscripts may not have been nearly so polished when the authors first began pitching them. Perhaps the rejections came with feedback that helped the authors slowly revamp their stories into the current bestseller incarnations. What are your thoughts on that?
12 And Hazael said, Why weepeth my lord? And he answered, Because I know the evil that thou wilt do unto the children of Israel: their strong holds wilt thou set on fire, and their young men wilt thou slay with the sword, and wilt dash their children, and rip up their women with child.
A new display at the Queensland Museum explores the different versions of George that have featured in the city’s collective imagination of those who knew George, as well as those new to his story.
The prime minister recounted the trauma of Yoni’s death, recalling how he had traveled “seven hellish hours” from Boston, where he was studying, to New York, to tell his parents the terrible news. “I saw him through the glass, in typical pose with his hands clasped behind his back.” His father saw him, and asked, “with surprise, ‘What are you doing here, Bibi?’” And then in an instant, Benzion realized why he had come, “and he let out a cry of such anguish… that I will remember for as long as I live.”
Since Halloween was going to be on a Sunday this year, and I usually go out to my parents house on Saturday's, my Mom was nice enough to switch chili making days for me! I enjoyed it tonight, and I got to take a container home! Whoohoo for leftovers!
Any kind of parenting or not parenting has the potential to create self-absorbed bullies. However, I think bullying behavior seems to happen in situations where people feel trapped. Freedom could be a great way to prevent bullying.
As you read this note,please do not grieve. For,contrary to your feelings and sentiments now i am free — notwithstanding the four concrete walls and steel bars that confine me and the brave souls of Soc, Ernie Rod, Dean Malay, Prof. Gonzalez, Cris, Teddy C., Teddy B., Edward B. and Angel T. I am indeed free to think and feel the way I have always thought and felt.
So first of all a picture on which you can see my circle lensesand make-up.
So right now I'm waiting frantically for a call back to see when we can have emergency surgery scheduled to fix this. It's not an option to wait for next week. It's a medical device that is used daily. This probably means we'll still have another surgery next week for the other things that still have to be done, but probably can't be organized on such short notice.
346When this rebellious heart shall beat no more;
Third is 'John Barleycorn Must Die' where you can follow the birth and gradual growth of a graphic novel - along with round-the-table interviews with artists such as Alan Lee and David Wyatt, plus discussions about magic, the Tarot, and the creative process. I'm amazed there aren't already 200 followers, but go and visit!
As for myself, I am very analytical, but my talents and interests tend towards the arts. Artistic and analytical are not opposite terms. On the contrary, my analytical side is one of my greatest strengths; it has let me apply the discipline and analysis that takes artistic work to the next level. I'm mostly referring to music and theater here, but I have also seen aspiring writers struggle with this. Have you ever heard anyone say, "I have this great idea, I just wish I could write it down"?
Any offence is regretted, but similar regrets would be welcomed from the anti-smokers for the appalling way they have treated and are still treating people who smoke.
We were there on a Saturday afternoon, when the store was quite crowded, so we were mindful that we didn't want to hold things up when we began ordering. After mumbling the magic phrase, "zdravstvujjte" (which means hello, pronounced along the lines of zuh-razz-wheats-yuh), the lovely blonde woman behind the counter started offering sample after sample to us both, prodded on by the customers behind us who also directed her to give us slices of their favorite deli meats. We were the only ones who seemed to be trying to hurry things along, and it was very gracious of both the staff and customers to stuff us like the sausages behind the glass. It was also certainly fortuitous that I remembered how to say good (haroshaw) and very good in Russian (aw-chin haroshaw) in those interludes when our mouths weren't busy chewing.
I know it sounds forced and unromantic, but it worked. Now that the girls are older, they actually play together very well, and spending time with them is easier to enjoy because they are starting to talk, they love books read to them, and they are very, very affectionate! But I still don’t spend all day watching them! I want them to know that mom’s tasks can be important too. It’s part of my desire to teach them that in our family, everyone’s pursuits are to be honored.
Wilensky only speaks of wealthy democracies, but it’s exceedingly clear that conflating economic and social policy has been a key aspect of developing nations under authoritarian governments. Mainland China under Deng Xiaoping and successors, Taiwan under Chiang Kai-shek, South Korea under Park Chung-hee, Indonesia under Suharto, all these nations centered their efforts around rigidly focused economic policies. Not only has the idea been that sustained economic development ensures the legitimacy of the dominant regime, but also that it provides the raw capital and infrastructure to raise the living standards of the people.
A playground in the backyard? Sounds like a chip off the old block…
“I’m sorry if I’m not able to be there, like, right now…I’ve got errands.”
“Like all them trees was just bad hair due for cutting.” muttered Bottom Dog as I lapped his precious froth, by now mostly stale air and grit, from the small hollow it had made in the dirt, frozen in the realization that the landscape suspended our recognition of its actuality precisely in this function of leveling its forward edge so as to point to what would simply be more of itself.
Life is fun.
Like when I asked God for the miracle of weight loss and he gave that to me. I was told by many that I lost weight because of my work and willpower not because of God. They deny the power of God and give me the credit for something I was not capable of doing. The second I got arrogant and gave myself the credit I gained 100 pounds back. I did not have the ability to lose the weight, nor did I know what I was doing when I sowed the grass seed. I lost the weight and got the grass plus tree blooms because God blessed me with what I asked for. I asked God for signs to show me if what I read a few weeks ago was the truth. I got the signs. It was not just a random weather phenomena like many will claim. I got the signs and that is the power of God. I will be posting a blog sometime this week to share what I learned was the truth about “the two sabbaths”.
By Elbert Chu
Me: so why aren’t you eating, either somethings the matter or your just messing about
you like a little reggae as well sometimes, then y're
The city that father lives in has a new children's playground, skateboard area, barbecues, plus surf club with steps to the small beach.
Law/Christ’s Righteousness will be written on the Elects’ Hearts; the
MP Consulting Services specializes in the areas of strategic planning, leadership, marketing and social media. Mark Philip, principal at MPCS, has over 20 years experience in managing businesses, both small and large, has orchestrated multiple turnarounds, built product pipelines, launched new products, sold companies and created significant shareholder value. Let me know how I can help you with your business challenge.
The already apocalyptic effect of this is enhanced by converting the photograph to black and white.
She grabbed the sweatpants and sweatshirt off the chair next to the computer desk and slipped them on in super slow motion. She didn’t bother to change her socks and she couldn’t remember what day she had first put them on. She stuck her hair in an elastic that she grabbed off the night stand. Much as she wanted to brush her teeth, her oral hygiene would have to wait. She planned to pick up some gum at the convenience store next to the bus depot.
I noticed, in perusing the different Nina Ottosson products, that some toys are designed to be better for "mouth dogs" and some are more suitable for "paw dogs". Having one of each (Romeo uses his paws while Gio uses his mouth), I wanted to get a toy suitable for each. The Dog Casino requires a dog to use his paws to open the drawers, while it seems to be easier to pull the pegs out of the top with the mouth. Gio manages to open the drawers with his mouth, though he has to learn some finesse to excel at this. He particularly LOVES pulling the pegs from the top. Romeo pulls the drawers open with his paws and is struggling slightly with the pegs. He will push the pegs aside to get the treat underneath, but doesn't always remove the peg completely. I'm confident that he will figure this out in time.
baking dish coated with cooking spray.
I 'disappeared' for the whole month of April! and lets not get into that part of the story;)
thus has life endured while callous time has abandoned…
All his brothers were excited for his birthday. I love it when they are nice to each other. Andrew and Matthew stayed up late and missed their reading time (which they LOVE) so they could help make his cake. Matthew said, “I love Steven more than my books. I feel good making his cake for him.” Steven said he wanted a face on his Fire truck cake, so Andrew put one on for him.
Let's face it...the poor kid has me for a mother. Which sadly means I gave her a fucked-up name that she'll forever be pronouncing and spelling for people (but seriously, she's growing up in world where people take the perfectly good name Aidan and spell it Aiydenn, so...at least hers is a real name. Spelled right). And it also means that until she can dress herself, I get to dress her. Which means no sparkly pink t-shirts proclaiming that she's a spoiled brat or that she's the boss or even that she's a pretty princess. A good chunk of her clothes are clothes I would wear, and that means they skew more gender neutral and classic. She has beautiful dresses, trust me. And I can't wait to put her in them. But they are more A and less B. There's nothing wrong with B...it's just not my style. And also she'll probably grow up to be a stripper. But mostly nothing wrong with it. If you want to raise a stripper. (KIDDING, please don't hate me if you love that style.)
School is out today in observance of MLK Jr.'s birthday. I have 3 extra kids here today. Why are they here?
And for a trip even further down memory lane, let's point out this piece from Jim Geraghty from June of 2008 (believe it or not, this was in the full swoon of Hope and Change, though many weren't paying attention to stories such as this):
Nineteen-year-old La Isla cane cutter Maudiel Martinez lost both his father and grandfather to CKD. Three of his brothers suffer from the condition as well. Now Martinez’s kidneys too are failing. “This disease eats our kidneys from inside us,” he told reporters from the International Consortium of Investigative Journalists (ICIJ). “We don’t want to die, and we feel grief because we already know that we’re hopeless.”
What did your first boy/girlfriend tell you about your body? What happened in the locker room in middle school? What have past dating partners told you?
Much to my delight, the alarm finally stopped and the experience culminated with a few squad cars circling the residence.
cold condition at 35 degrees for week then rack to kegs.
Like the dutch boy's finger in the dyke her arse is in the wall
I am have been busy and haven't had a chance to post my latest projects so, here is a mass craft post!
I did shred (level 1 with 5lb weights, had to put weights down during last shoulder excersise) during T's nap and did spin at the gym.
Now, all I have to do is purchase a couple more sets to put downstairs so there’s always a phone where we need one!
The wretch, concentred all in self,
Trap your fear behind a grin
My sister, the pizza expert, says to poke the crust with holes before you bake it. And I’m glad we did because the dough would have bubbled up and made a pizza volcano. Which could be fun. But hard to eat.
2 tablespoons pure maple syrup
I was graceful but not as strong as I needed to be to do some of the tricks.
Wrapped red bakers twine around the bottom of the white mat to add some color and texture.
Perhaps it is the concept of a shared experience, even if it isn’t truly shared. When you encounter another reader, you can discuss the gossip, the characters, the action – the details of a fictional place that you’ve both visited. Here is the interesting part: reading is primarily an individual activity. Yet through discussion, lending of books, and recommendations, we make it into a shared experience. How cool is that?
The difference is with the defense. In the two seasons before 2010, the top teams (Florida and Alabama, in both cases) sported defensive rankings which were no lower than third in the conference. Auburn’s 2010 defensive SDPI ranked seventh in the SEC.
For stainless steel, Simple Green Stainless Steel One-Step Cleaner & Polish: Stainless is notoriously vulnerable to water marks and smudges (even a light touch can leave prints). This winner not only cleans expertly but also casts an antistatic layer that repels dust and future spots. Fragrance-free.
Preparing for doomsday. It is a growing lifestyle here in the US. It is mostly comprised of poor, crazy, white people who could not comprehend the complexities of Dr. Seuss. However, they are usually more than ready to explain the Book of Revelations to anyone dumb enough to listen, or too immobile to escape… go figure. They abandon all hopes, dreams, hobbies, etc. to collect canned food, water, and guns. “So what?” you say. “Sounds like normal activities for them.” Well, my friend, this is just the beginning…
Of course, I'm sure you recall hearing the story of the tragedy when Tom went behind the mower to show them another detail about it. Having failed to put it out of gear, the mower moved backward toward Tom, crushing him to death against the chainlink fence that was in place to secure all the mowers and equipment used at the golf course.
There are etching tutorials all over the web, YouTube and my most recent addiction Pinterest. I'll give you the run down for this project but if you want something more formal there are tons available.
UPDATE: Since receiving this interview with Scot Meacham Wood he has officially won 2nd place in the SFERRA/All the Best Bedroom Contest. Visit ALL THE BEST Blog to see the other beautiful rooms. The judging was done by a panel of note -worthy designers - Michael Devine, Kelly Wearstler, Vicente Wolf, Todd Romano, Amanda Nisbet, Nathan Turner, and Ronda Rice Carman.
Saturday - Tulip Run 5-mile race up in Skagit County. I haven't done this one for a few years due to schedule conflicts. But it worked out this year. Plus there was a Historic Homes Tour that same day so I made a big plan to do the run, then tour with my parents afterward.
Without a hint of any existent gleams.
PROJECT LINKS:
nefarious ones in the back room, failing to adjust the accounts. You
- GZA, one of the founders of the Wu-Tang Clan, will perform in this year’s Northside Festival in Brooklyn, along with more than 350 other bands. NY Times
People may think that they can see right through you, but they can't - they don't know you!
Born to Protestant parents, Mademoiselle de la Force found it too dangerous to retain that faith at the intolerant court of the Sun King, Louis XIV, who denied Protestants religious and political freedom and pursued policies of persection and forcible conversion.
towns, buildings, streets, where will scenes take place,
We used 1/4" furring strips to thicken our beams. Once we cut, hammered, and nailed the strips to each beam, we were ready to hang our dry wall. Since we're renovating a bathroom, we used green board which is water and mold resistant. Though it's bit more expensive than standard dry wall, it's definitely worth using in high humidity rooms. No one likes a moldy wall!
Put in the subject line: "query_title of the book_your name". Cooper:
Charles eyed her up from top to bottom; she was wearing a red and black lace and satin bodice, which pushed up her breasts, enhancing her cleavage. The matching thongs barely covered her smooth waxed vagina – in fact, he was sure he could see a lip. The bodice and thongs were coupled with black suspenders and stockings, and the look was finished off with a pair of high-heeled black patent shoes. The whole ensemble drove him crazy – he could feel his penis rising, but now was not the right time, he thought – down boy!
With that, I think it’s important for all sides of the adoption world come together and share their experiences (without judgement or fear). Adoption is a world of dualities. There’s the pain of a mother giving up her child which is coupled with the joy of adoptive parents being able to parent that child and there’s also the adoptive child who may experience feelings of loss. With such high/strong emotions, it’s important to be open and honest and take the time to understand where the other person is coming from.
I've jazzed up my blog with some new color, how about you? Are you ready for a bunch of new visitors and followers? The original party invitation is here, but to recap here's how it works:
of books,
I wrote it for an Open University assignment. It's pretty transparent, but I'm quite fond of it and it reminds me how much my writing has changed in the past two years.
So, happy to see the back of Friday 13th, we're going to spend tonight (which is Saturday - I'm scheduling!) in front of the tv eating cream egg icecream, watching take me out, and enjoying some 3D goodness.
I’m fortunate in that the things I am presently committed to – work, meetings, etc. I have been able to either walk to, get a ride to or Skype myself in to. At work, my intern very kindly offers to take dictation. My clients are often surprised, “Oh no! What happened??” Sometimes I like to say, “Well, I was wrestling a wolverine…” or perhaps more believably, “I caught an edge snowboarding...”
- 2 tbsp margarine
Article 71
**The best light is "white light," which falls from mid-morning until around 3 pm. This time span is based on my southern location, and of course, it will stretch as our days lengthen. (Thank heavens.)
Knight & Day is a lot of things – a throwback romance-action film, an opportunity for Tom Cruise and Cameron Diaz to show off their dental work, a chance for Paul Dano to reflect on the poor career choices he’s made since There Will Be Blood – but did it have to be so creepy, too? Here’s the thing that got under my skin – a major plot device in Knight & Day has Cruise’s rogue spy knocking Diaz’s high-strung bystander out every fifteen minutes or so. I mean, at least he does it with drugs and not his fists, but come on, people – am I the only one who finds this fairly disturbing and not a little bit rape-y?
No. I don’t consider myself wise and accomplished, even secretly to myself anymore. When a pride in something I find I can do starts to seep in, I rush to kill it immediately. I can tell a good story because of my broken little brain, and a genetic gift from my dad, but every day I read other writers’ offerings that have more insight, better styles, more creative ideas, etc., and I am able to see the reality of who I really am. Jesus is what makes me special, and it is Him that people are attracted to. I’m just some girl whose brain is broken…..
So a few weeks ago, I was really excited to see through Facebook that lampwork and jewelry artist Lori Anderson was writing a book of blogging prompts and ideas for creative blogging!
Stuff that runs on envy and causes divisions among us as a result.
They won’t.
Hugh "Peanuts" Whalum - Sax
76. I, Claudius: Robert Graves
Asam Laksa, Pasar Air Itam – 4th meal of the day! When I think of this, my saliva starts dripping and my stomach starts growling…. How to diet like that?? The finely chopped ginger flower bud did a wonderful job in adding an irresistible aroma to the petite bowl of asam laksa! And of course with the help of mint leaves, cili padi, onion and other ingredients - it’s a bomb!
I know I've been posting a lot of recipes for the foods that I make when my daughter comes home for a visit, but that's one of the times when I tend to do more cooking. This last trip home also coincided with Easter, so that meant a lot more cooking than usual. I do have a new recipe coming up soon that I've made since her visit, so stay tuned! Now, on to the recipe for today.
I went to college, got two degrees, and had kids of my own.
The hair pieces these ladies wore on their heads were impressive, and MASSIVE! I don't know how they stayed on!
Contact her at 440-853-8PIX (8749) or Julie@pixievacations.com
and let it fill your heart with joy.
Should you be tempted to feel the slightest bit of jealousy over my lovely front yard, allow me to take you on a tour of the back.
I always love when I link up my phone and download all the photos. I scan through them, delete the odd dud one, but clearly not enough as there are thousands downloaded.
From the age of around 8 I collected all sorts of things: Beermats, stamps (boring), miniature cars, coins, rocks, weird sweet wrappers, miniatures, nicely designed things (!), tickets
So, the point of all of this is really quite simple. The only way to fight this is to expose the facts that I’ve just written here. You will not stop the government from merging two companies that it has controlling monetary interest in by crying and sending strong worded emails, making phone calls, or holding up signs referring to anti-trust laws and how unfair this is to us little guys. Things are way past the point of protesting. The country has for the most part been sold off to private corporations and public-private partnerships (PPP) … a bridge there, a road here, a few million acres there.
Hellllloooooo Playstation gamers, today we here at DSG decided that once a month we will be releasing a news post about…well.. us! and what we are doing! SO your question now is “WELL WHAT THE HELL IS UP WITH MAY?” well i will tell you.
Deep Fry Batter
Hotel for site visit and wedding weekend
Those nasty things you said
Several have written a persuasive piece of their own. Damn it.
The article does say he even started one game ... so in that case he didn't have to wait for his team to be up by a large margin to play. But in this article it says 'he won a spot as a starter.' I'm not sure if that's referring to the one game he started or if it meant he was a starter on the team. Which, written that way, is different than saying he was able to start one game.
in dark tubes— staring
The inaugural Denver Rare Beer Tasting is taking place in Mile High City during the annual Great American Beer Festival when thousands of beer fans will be in the city. The event will feature a select group of more than 20 of America’s top craft brewers each pouring a legendary beer. These very special, rare and exotic beers will be presented by the brewers who created them to an extremely limited audience.
“The Hunger Games” reminds me so much of “The Shadow Children” books by Margret Peterson Haddix, my favorite books then and still. It also addresses the issue of future politics, where third children are illegal to existence and if a parent should have a third child that child is to be killed. Imagine! However, those children are still born but live in the shadows where they have no identity and there existence is dangerous to themselves. So they stay in the shadows and do not get out until they find a legal identity of another dead person and takes over it but still s/he are in danger. Anyway the sixth book has a good ending that will satisfy you. They are six books in all I’ve read them all except the first one “Among the Hidden” (it is not necessary to read the first one because you eventually see a telling of the same story through the other books). They are really amazing and like I said it is no different than the Hunger Games. Except it does not contain romance as the Hunger Game does. I do not see why it did not became famous as the Hunger Games.It is for preteens-teens but it is really a good read. Any book for Margret Haddix is a good read, she is interested in future issues/ science fiction. My favorite author so far.
He waits for her all day and comes down to the banks of the cove the moment dusk gathers.
You (in your head): All I did was melt some chocolate and put some salt on top! But sure, I am amazing.
I wish Ajit the best of luck in the negotiations he's having with all parties. The interest in exploring disused stations is not just amongst Londoners or trainspotters. MP's are keen to visit and Ajit has support from a number of key transport commentators like Christian Wolmar for his proposals too. Look out for a number of features in national & international press coming soon with more on the plans.
her after the 1/4 mile mark to be able to!)
big pockets of fat and, in no case, totally lean. It’s true that fat carries
The boat has people on hammocks all the way up the middle and the usual mix of pigs and chickens and this time the cargo is people , fish, bananas, pigs and chickens. It is quite amazing the fish is collected and wrapped in ice that they have in massive blocks in the jungle. They keep the ice wrapped in rice peel and this way it keeps for 20 days, impressive in 30 degree heat.
My grandparents were indeed married for life. They were pillars of their community and the strongest positive examples of traditional sex, marriage, and gender roles I can account for in my personal experience and interactions with such paradigms. Though, they didn’t uphold traditional roles as inborn, un-bred, or against all reason and practicality; in lean years, mom, pop, and all five of their French Canuck kids hit the fields just rows away from one another, under the same working conditions, and on the same wage for the sake of the family—cooperation and cohesion were their primary objectives.
JOURNEYS OF THE PAST
212.863.1696
What I learned: Show and Tell. Any good screenwriter will tell you to SHOW things, not TELL things. But there’s actually a way to show while telling, and I call it the “Show and Tell.” Here, on page 10, the brothers want to establish how many days the family has been down here. So they highlight hundreds of marks on the wall (this is them showing). Zoe then asks how many days they’ve been down here. Claire answers, “Count for yourself.” Zoe counts, and tells us the number (301). So technically, since there’s a discussion about the days, we’re telling. But the conversation is motivated by a ‘showing,’ the walls. So it's a combination of the two. Which is way better than someone going, “Man, if we hadn’t been down here for 300 long days already…” which, believe it or not, is the kind of clunky exposition I read all the time.
In a glum opening sequence designed to contrast dreary old England with colourful, exotic India, a pushy estate agent refers, somewhat implausibly, to “the grey pound”, and it’s this economic demographic the film sets out to attract and appeal to. Provided they don’t mind being patronised and stereotyped by a shallow but not wholly untruthful film, then this target audience will be satisfied. If, however, you’re of a certain age and looking for a 20th-century Passage to India or something in the manner of Merchant-Ivory-Jhabvala or another Jewel in the Crown, don’t sign on for this particular cruise.
How many of us can really say that the Lord is “all I want”, let alone at the very top of our list? It’s one thing to say it, it’s another thing to wish it to be true of us, but it is something else entirely for it to be true.
Hooray for ideas that go astray!!!
on to having two children of my own.=0AAfter finding that you specialize in=
The tail is gonna be created on a piece of mono, and I like to use a cheap 0.30 mm mono for spinning fishing for this. It is thick enough to stand a little beating without breaking but still thin enough to move with the tail “fins” when retrieved. I flatten the mono where the feathers are gonna be tied in, this will make the tie in point much more secure and prevent the tail feathers from coming off.
A search of the clinic after the botched abortion revealed a freezer with 35 late-term fetuses inside, including one believed to have been aborted at 36 weeks, authorities said.
So, now that I've established I am in no way anti-Indie, there are two big reasons I'm not doing it.
Another law is that the more laws that are created to protect children, the more children will be abused, tortured and killed as a result, especially if it is in Florida or California. Mickey Mouse and the gang definitely fit into all of it. California is really out there when it comes to this. It is beyond debate that California judges, state social workers and other facilitators are engaged in Satanic, child abuse rituals and in making sure that children are placed in, or returned to truly terrible conditions, where they can be harmed and tormented for extended periods of time. I have listed very little of what I have come across and using a major search engine will turn up more information than you could read and absorb in a very long time. A few months ago, more or less, there was an article that listed case after case, after case in California, where the courts were returning large numbers of children to abusive situations, when a sane and caring parent was available to receive them. In case after case, the courts returned these children into the hands of monsters, who already had a history of violating them and turned a deaf ear to the good parent; often the parent who had brought it to their attention in the first place and who was backed up by the testimony of the children and corroborating medical evidence.
She wants me to live only for her and with her.
Then, in 2009, I became aware of the Kindle.
Juice of 2 oranges, zest of 1
To round off this series on British writer Geoffrey Household – author, lest we forget, of Rogue Male – I have a pair of posts on two short novels written and published in quick succession in the early 1950s – one a sequel to the other, both detailing the espionage exploits of one Roger Taine. And the first of those two novels is this:
WHAT OR WHO CONTROLS YOU?
Tweet directly using their @name to at least 25 people today, corresponding with them in-depth, about them, their life, their kids – whatever they’re tweeting about, respond to their tweets. Go for at least 3-6 exchanges with these 25 people.
Skloss found herself wondering if history repeats itself when she unexpectedly became pregnant, her own birth the result of her mother’s unplanned pregnancy 23 years earlier. How had ‘unwed motherhood’ changed over those decades, from 1975, when her mother, from a small town in Texas, was sent away in secret to give birth, to today, when single moms are more prevalent but the rules are still being written?
This year is the 400th of the publication of the King James Bible in English - for a long time the most common English translation of the Bible. Whilst it remains popular, many of us now use a more modern translation. I like many of the modern translations, including the New Living Translation, the New International Version, the Good News Bible and others. Yet there are many peoples around the world who don't have a choice of translation as we do. Many don't even have one book of the Bible in their own language.
1) How do you live in the space?
They are not safe, and will surely create a few sort of wellness problems. Lice are insects that are regarding the size of a sesame seed that live on human scalps. Chemical treatments that you should dig advice first from your doctor before you can utilize them as frequently as you want. As a result, the surest way to guarantee an powerful treatment for lice to hire the professional nit pickers. Head lice live directly on the scalp, hooking the head with a little claw-like hooks.
It was naturally supposed that the pious and humble monks, who had renounced the world to accomplish the work of their salvation, were the best qualified for the spiritual government of the Christians. The reluctant hermit was torn from his cell, and seated amidst the acclamations of the people, on the episcopal throne: the monasteries of Egypt, of Gaul, and of the East, supplied a regular succession of saints and bishops; and ambition soon discovered the secret road which led to the possession of wealth and honours.
First, don't spend a crazy amount of money. Seriously. It's one night. It's not your wedding, or even your real prom. I highly recommend the stylings of H&M or Forever 21 for this kind of endeavor for this very reason. Do not go to Neimans, do not stop at Intermix, do not spend $200. Seriously.
Enter Adam:
Looking around the table, I saw the food that I had made; seeing how it was an eyesore, I decided to throw them away. When everything was cleaned up, I got prepared for the day and made my way to the CJes building.
Hope your having a great day.
- Occasional sneak peeks into the exclusive Cricut Circle Community.
As not to be hurtful, I won’t give an example of a trailer that’s just text and, occasionally, low res pictures, but I think you know what I mean.
This weekend, I have to leave town and abandon the delightfully breezy bay for the burning desert of Southern California. The weekend will be packed with family obligations and visits, which means I will have no time to ride despite my father’s insistence I should take his mountain bike out for a spin.
At this point, I declined and said that I was just looking.
It felt good, it's been too long.
But I was not the one who told them to go out spend beyond their means either.
I think it looks MUCH better and no so empty!
Finished I Aint has got me to the point where I release I actually don’t like this album. I can praise it for its unique-ness. It tries to create too many ‘clever’ lyrics and rhymes but it’s not exactly Oscar Wilde is it? Longing For The Night (Yeah Pause) gives me a feeling that this guy knows how this music works but with all these techno patterns in the background that makes it feel kind of eerie, it also makes it feel like he’s got a load of loops on Logic Pro and then paired them with a couple beats made on the spot.
It also costs the U.S. economy $25+ billion annually.
This brings me to Bradley Monton’s book Seeking God in Science: An Atheist Defends Intelligent Design (recently discussed here) A Princeton-trained philosopher of science who teaches at the University of Colorado (Boulder), Monton carefully weighs the evidence and fairly evaluates the explanations and comes to the conclusion that design arguments are “somewhat plausible.” They don’t defeat his atheism, but they make him less certain of it. I can relate with this as I find arguments from the problem of evil to be somewhat plausible, making me less certain of, though not defeating my belief in God. No matter what one ultimately thinks of Monton’s book, the takeaway should be that truth is the goal of inquiry, not whether we are “doing science” or “being religious.”
Legal Deposit
Following on from the appearance of Parkinson’s Park in the Strategic Housing Land Availability Assessment, Councillor Graham Latty has taken up the issue with Leeds City Planning Department and demanded that it is taken off the list.
Disco Bloodbath has since gone out of print. Only available in hardcover, a copy goes for several hundred dollars. But, a paperback version named for the movie, Party Monster, is currently available and highly recommended by moi.
Upstairs in addition to the master suite that has a private bathroom and two dressing rooms, there are two more bedrooms that share a hall bath. The lower level contains another bedroom and bathroom, an office with recreation room, an office with fourth fireplace, recreation room, laundry facility and cedar closet for off-season clothing storage.
Why not attempt some significant role reversal and check out your website from the viewpoint of the visitors? Are you currently giving them what they want and need? In the event you came for your web-site for the initial time what could be your perception?
One,if you have given your life to Jesus Christ to be your Lord and Saviour forever,you are on your way to being a witness.As a member of God’s family,you can not be ignorant of happenings in your family.You must have sufficient points to prove every fact concerning the family you belong.One of the hard nuts to crack for many children of God is the issue issue of Jesus sonship of God which we have been discussing for not less than ten weeks ago.
Have fun exploring, and let me know what you think... if you remember to come back to the Northern Light Blog :)
Punishing someone for their poverty or their race or ethnic origin is not the goal of KIPP. Correcting their bad behavior and poor mindset via peer pressure is. If you can’t imagine it, you can’t become it.
Commitment comes from the masculine. So a lack of commitment or an inability to commit leaves the feminine completely unsupported and weakened in manifesting anything out in the world. This is an opportunity for self-study into your own dynamics of this relationship. The way it manifests in you personally will give you a clue as to how it shows up in all of your relationships.
