I had a few students that hunted me down later in the conference - so I could meet their husbands so the guys would know who they had been talking about. How sweet is that?
For amazing lessons I always keep up with Amy Lemons. I love all her fun with construction paper crafts! That girl must have tons! Her stuff is amazing, free, and just right for my 2nd graders.
The next couple of weeks are a blur. The Padawan needed feeding every two hours. Each feed took about an hour to complete. 20 to 30 mls. She struggles, but never cries.
I do have lots to share including:
On the left half of the panel on the east wall, Jefferson’s view on Freedom is depicted:
We also spent Monday with some good friends BBQ'ing and watching the footy. Well, the boys watched the footy, we girls played on our computer. It was a lovely day.
Elderflower Cream Cheese Icing
an $11 million “Janitor Satellite” under development in Switzerland, would be the first of a series of craft launched to clear orbital debris, grabbing items with its robotic arm. Read a better method in chapter one of my next novel.
The report -- put together after a November 2010 session, months before protesters challenged Qaddafi's legitimacy and prompted an historic confrontation with his regime -- includes dozens of recommendations for how Libya can improve human rights. But it also includes pages of commentary, mostly positive, from the other 46 delegations to the controversial Human Rights Council.
Maria had an attentive audience as she spoke about her writing, inspirations and where her ideas came from. It was great to hear about how much her personal life was involved with her writing - and we were all quite amused when asked about her vision of Valek (featured in the 'Study' series) that her husband 'claims' the he was the model of that particular heartthrob character - with much rolling of the eyes from Maria and made us giggle quite a lot.
Yay, I am officially a gym member (again)! I joined today and did a 35 minute work out–I have to ease into, so I was going to do 30 minutes, but wanted to see if I could handle the elliptical yet so I gave myself the challenge to do a little more than my plan (told you I was competitive!). So, I beat both my goals: joining by May, 30 minute workout!
I'm submitting this recipe to "Yeastspotting". Now that the weather is cooler, I'll be baking more breads. This blog has a tempting array of beautiful photos and recipes.
The thing is, when I saw the contest, I wasn't going to enter. I looked at the agent's bio, and didn't think she was interested in fairy tales. But my husband, being the wise man he is, asked, "Well what harm is done if you enter and don't win?"
Alphabet Hearts File Folder Game-
I officially decided I just don't have the time to blog anymore. I figure I'll leave this up for everyone to see for a couple of months and then eventually delete my blog completely.........
“I guess so.” I answered, more as an acceptance of adventure than anything else.
It was a holiday season of firsts for me. There were a lot of things I was missing: it was my first Christmas away from home, family and friends in Canada, my first winter holiday away from the cold and away from skiing, my first holiday without a Christmas tree or candy canes. But also a lot of firsts I was thankful for: it was my first Christmas in Ghana (or in any other country, for that matter!), my first Thai food Christmas dinner, my first Christmas spent on a beach and wandering markets, my first African print stocking, my first holiday with a partner, my first New Years spent beside a bonfire dancing to Ghanaian drums, my first New Years spent laughing and reflecting with amazing EWB friends, my first opportunity to be a tourist and explore more of Ghana.
7 Things about me:
“Lindsay is ending one chapter and starting the next,” said Honig. “She is very eager to get back on set and dive into her next few projects.”
And rock a cane (which I need to take a pic of) to preserve my right leg from any more damage.
exile and trauma.
Amir, ever the coward, thinks of his cozy life in America and unsurprisingly does not want to get involved. In the end though, Amir tracks down Sohrab at the home of a notorious Taliban. When the man reveals himself, he finds it is Assef, the one who raped Hassan all those years ago.
Sep-30 Edmonton, AB Rexall Place On Sale Soon
What a great day. I spent a couple of hours with the class, talking with the classroom teacher about the fund-raiser he conducts each year to fund this field trip, which takes place each day for a week, and entails being bussed quite a distance to take part in the experience. The center runs some demonstrations and lessons, and the classroom teacher/student teacher supplemented with curricular items.
The message boards right now have been hit with one heck of a news bankai. Here in the United States, Bleach still has a strong following that possibly rivals Naruto’s. Comments by fans have expressed anger, confusion, disappointment and even loss with news of the sudden ending, which may be subject to an anime-only finale episode. Others have said the anime has run its course and that it is the logical move by the animation company.
What would it take for you to develop a respect for The Constitution as a document of principles by which we are to be governed?
I mean, it isn’t out of the realm of possibility that a bunch of 20-year-olds all jacked up on tequila and Busch Light thought it was a great idea to leap from their hotel room balcony into the pool or try to prove how bad-ass they were by roundhouse kicking a tiki statue in the face or something, but I’m pretty sure this is a fashion statement all the way.
What are you some of your summer essentials?
Gen 11:6 And the LORD said, Behold, the people is one, and they have all one language.” In both places “one” is the Hebrew word “echad.” The people were united by a unified language.
M4: 10:15
The view out of my window to soft golden sunshine, despite the fact the glass is smeared with kitten's paw prints
One member lives right down the street from me, a many-times published memoirist and fiction author. We've run past each others' houses for years, we've said "hi" and waved as we've been unloading groceries or mowing the lawn. Finally, we decided it was high time to get together and talk shop, work the words, get into the craft. The other member is an instructor at Minnesota State University...teaching writing, of all things. Yeah. Smart, writers, kindred spirits. Check.
- old gas station sign for the five of us
After several attempts I think I am getting close. Here is my latest effort. It is based on a recipe from Peter Reinhart’s Whole Grain Breads book. The first time I made it, I stuck to the recipe just to get an idea of how it would turn out. It was good but not exactly what I was looking for. I found it had an almost sour flavour which in some breads is a good thing, just not what I am looking for in an everyday sandwich bread.
it says you’re the one to put it on. So, it’s no use praying and crying to God
It's your turn to shine so show me what you've got whether it be something hand-made, a recipe, a tutorial, a giveaway or even your etsy shop!
If you need to stop for some reason (other than a red light at a soft closure or some obstacle in front of you) move to the right side of the road and then stop. Remember, there’s a bunch of people right behind you. If you just stop in the middle of the street, some of those people might crash into you or into each other while trying to avoid you.
And soon enough there I was. I could see the entrance to Hayward Field, but I couldn't get myself to run. Did I mention by this point I was almost shivering and had stopped sweating a couple miles ago and was just hoping to get through the finish before the collapse? A spectator seemed to take notice and yelled my name. He got me to start running and kept yelling for me until I was out of hearing distance. THANK YOU!!! I was overwhelmed with joy as I dropped down onto the track for my last tenth of a mile. I couldn't do a finishing kick, but I didn't care. I had my PR and was going to enjoy every step. Then I heard my name again!! The Coach! He came down to the track just in time to cheer me on. That made me so incredibly happy that I did find a small kick and got myself through the finish line in 2:25 with a 6+ minute PR! (And, incidentally, this makes FIVE PR races in a row for me!)
If the weather holds, I'll have 2 more lessons this week before it's back to work for me.
The Times of August 11 2007 reported on “growing concern" at the attitudes of some Asian men towards white girls which campaigners for women claim few people wish to address. Parents have complained that in parts of the country with large Asian communities white girls as young as 12 are being targeted for sex by older Asian men yet the authorities are unwilling to act because of fears of being labelled racist.
Q-Dance presents: Scantraxx 10 years
“The only reason Mr. Chen left the Embassy was because he was told that his wife would be beaten if he did not leave immediately. He now wants to leave China and fears for his safety and the safety of his family,” Mahoney added. “It is critical that President Obama not betray Chen Guangcheng and the principles of justice that he has been imprisoned, beaten and tortured for.”
and my brother.
The last week has been a total clusterfuck. (I know I said I would stop saying the f-word but the fetus can’t read, people. And I am TYPING, not SPEAKING.) I started out really excited because we were looking forward to our final ultrasound on Wednesday. I think that Baby L was even excited for us to see her because it seemed she did a constant happy dance for three days straight.
*1/4 tsp of Apple Cider Vinegar
Grunting she hurried to the counter to put her cereal down, then her milk.
* Maulavi Fazalullah, Qari Hussain, evacuated from Pakistan, treated at Bagram military hospital
Here is the game plan:
How to achieve another extra entry:
5 Rise Of The Butterfly (We Are Not The Disco) (5:56)
Little pointed finger
Sodom was a picture of the coming judgment on the world. Abraham had long separated Himself from the likes of Sodom. He was abiding in Christ, our Promised Land. But, Lot and his family had slowly drifted into Sodom. First, Lot had chosen to live near Sodom. When the judgment of Sodom was announced, the angels, who were sent by God to bring him out of the doomed city, found him sitting at the gates. The gates of a city were the place of authority. Not only had Lot moved into Sodom, but he was a leader in that evil city!
because I was so deeply in the present moment with no other worries.
My insomnia has been kicking my butt in a major way and swore I was going to use Saturday as a sleep day--even if I had to drug myself into insensibility. But it's a busy and predictably bizarre time in Cocke County and it looks like I'm going to hit the road to cover even more Popcorn Sutton craziness. His widow had him dug up and is having another memorial service. She's having him buried at a secret location--because she was afraid his grave up on Mount Sterling would be vandalized. Hank Williams Jr. is attending the memorial in Dandridge. I'll probably try to make the procession through Parrotsville. History Channel will be there--they can't seem to get enough of Cocke County.
He (the winner for Toy Story 3) was no super hero though.
Toddler Bâri′, plagued with primitive anxieties, day after endless day, night after sleepless night, knowing – without comprehending why – that his parents gave him away.
Kenya Debt Relief Network, Kenya; Femnet, Zambia, Tanzania;
Matt leaned in and kissed her again. She kissed him back her fingers tangled in his curly hair.
For those of you still in school, you know what great fear looms before us in the next few days.
It’s probably my traditional upbringing, where my dad went out to earn the money and my mom stayed home to run a smooth, highly functioning household and do her creative work on the side, that makes me feel like having to play both roles myself is somehow too much.
Oh! Let me share our text conversation- it becomes important later on.
The dog needs feeding again, but then, that’s how it goes with dogs. I should call her by name, Yuki, out of respect. She’s got me through some tough days. She’s a Japanese breed, a Shiba Inu, and a lovely, fox-like little thing. She never barks, and never complains, even when I don’t feed her enough. Yuki is almost 12: still younger than I am, even in dog years. She also needs far fewer pills. I hide hers in her food, then take my evening dose: a colorful handful.
Barney tries to get Quinn a job where he works, but she doesn’t want any of it. Ted makes things awkward with his third date, Holly, but the two of them end up finding ways to relate to each other anyway. Lily finally gives a bit and signs herself and Marshall up for baby seminar. Only there is no seminar and she’s tricking him into being taken to Atlantic City by Barney.
* Osaka University - Osaka (Japan)
In March this year I wrote a post about Wallington Hall. If you would like to read about it you can do so here
It's been fun, but UD is now over. I'm working on a new music project that I can't pass up. I want to thank all the 3,000 - 5,000 daily visitors for making UniqueDaily.com fun while it lasted. Cya later, alligator! -- Michael
I missed him last night, I even managed to go to bed without locking the patio door (this is because I usually lock it after Lincoln has been out for his last wee of the night).
Laville, who has worked as the Guardian’s crime reporter for the past seven years, was giving a guest lecture at the University College Falmouth when she made this announcement to the group of aspiring journalists.
On Monday of my Easter holidays I unfortunately me, my mum and dad and my two brothers went to Wales. This was only because my dad wanted to do a walk there. Well there was goats, lambs, alpacas that I really liked and pigs that I didn’t like so much. And thre was places to collect stones and pottery. But the best bit of it was deffinately walking across the 40m aquaduct which Gabe didn’t really want to go across. We had lunch there and went in the playground and altogether it proved me wrong about the unfortunately thing at the start.
Pour into some glasses…garnish with a lemon…
Technically I have not lost any weight but gained muscle and have certainly lost inches. My shirts are loose, the questions of "Hey are losing weight?" are starting, it's almost a normal habit for me to drink lots of water and tea, and I can definitely tell I have a lil spring back to my step. That sounds corny but it's true. I love going to stores and having clothes fit right, not worrying that the shirt is too tight or that the jeans are making a muffin top. I'll stick to my cupcakes. hehe. I actually allow myself to have 1 cupcake a week from my class. There is no use in depriving myself, because if I indulge a lil bit I won't want more than 1.
Not the softest yet, but absolutely space saving and storage adding. To make them nice and cozy, we ran to Home Depot and had them cut down two pieces of MDF board; one the length of one Expedit, and one the length of one Expedit plus the distance from the end of the Expedit to the wall. Then, we went to JoAnn Fabric & Craft Store and purchased 2" foam:
More than machinery we need humanity;
By using the oldest trick in the book… distraction.
It is unreasonable to ask participants to purchase a cane. Also contact white cane day people, the “blind press” (whatever that is), local press, etc.
It is a potluck, so I hope people actually bring stuff that is homemade......I cant stand when you say potluck....and people bring a bag of chips and a liter of soda or beer. I mean....yes you can bring the beer too, but please....a bag of chips? Do you want to eat those....no. LOL, Andrew and I have thrown enough potlucks together to notice that no matter what this will always happen. So we always over compensate....but this time....we arent gonna. So we shall see what happens. (is this a silly problem that you all have too, or is it just me?) And I understand that most of our friends are on a ....college budget, but seriously, potatoes arent that expensive.....or even like, garlic bread? LOL!
It had never occurred to him to flip the coin. To look at the other side of it, he was so wrapped up in the memory of the hardship. But the opposing thought brought a smile to his face. And we're meant to be happy. To have fun. To flip the coin whenever we notice we're focusing on the negative.
The story had a truly lovely and heartfelt lesson about accepting your friends and respecting differences. And good sportsmanship. And it was ALL LOST because as we left the theater all the kids talked about was the shooting and explosions. This is even more remarkable because, well….the characters were CARS. If you really wanted to do the whole good guys and bad guys thing? You didn’t even need weapons of mass destruction. They were CARS. Have ‘em leave oil slicks and burn rubber….whatever kind of imaginary bad guy mischief you could create. But maybe that’s just it. You didn’t get creative with that, did you? Which is where your normal tendency to create movies with some substance fails. Even the parent who was with us who is a police officer was stunned.
I am reminded of a story of Thich Nhat Hanh from a book called "Peace in Every Step" and how he tells of his experience of washing dishes. He says that "once you are standing in front of the sink with your sleeves rolled up and your hands in warm water, it really is quite pleasant." Perhaps this is what I feel when I do laundry or spend time cleaning the floors. I do it because it is necessary but there is also a part of me that enjoys the process (most days...I admit some days I am a bit resentful of the dirty dog footprints!) I used to watch my grandmother hang out laundry on a line between her house and mine...sheets white-as-white could be, everything lined up in order...socks with socks, sheets with sheets, shirts hung upside down so the sleeves or shoulders would not get creases. These were things that I remember fondly, just like all the rest of the moments spent with her.
I believe this book is a must have for those who use Canon photo gear as I do. It provides a wealth of information that you might expect to find in Canon manuals, but either you can’t find it in a manual or it’s missing altogether. I also believe this book should be exceptionally useful to all users of flash no matter what type of photo gear they are using. Here’s why:
‘In other words, Romney’s actions have spoken louder than his awkward replies to the original bin Laden smackdown. In the face of attacks meant to show he can’t stand up to Osama bin Laden, Romney shows he can’t stand down the far-right homophobes in his own party’.
Honesty in advertising. Wouldn’t it be a consumers dream to approach products with caution and not skepticism?
Or I could talk about how every guest to come into our house
As the smallest of the foxes (smaller than the domestic cat), with oversized ears like pumpkin leaves and tiny pointed faces, the fennec fox does look adorably, temptingly tamable.
I don’t know if it is because I am a woman, but when I finished this book (and finding that it did not hold my interest well I found it took me longer to finish reading Dog Sense than most of the books that I review),I felt rather ho-hum.
Mr. Lapu-Lapu is a person holding an admirable asset in face & physique. He has progressive opinions toward social issues in accord with earlier ideas. Most importantly, Mr. Lapu-Lapu is a man of exceptional quality & strength, who wins admiration by ROLE, VIGOR and MORAL DEEDS especially deeds of courage.
Force the click
Now we are planning to leave.
Here is my vegetarian version of sambal for nasi lemak.
I’m also proud of how it helped my thought processes. Because of the pressure to write every day, I was always thinking about what to write next. I never felt dormant in my creative processes, and I think that helped me become a better writer.
As they awaken and transform within themselves, the energy they create grows exponentially to encompass an ever greater field around the atmosphere of the Earth which in turn ignites more hearts to awaken and transform.
60 Minutes interviewed a survivor of the Deepwater Horizon blowout. Based on information in that program, it looks like BP was reckless and irresponsible.
First, I am surprised to say that I feel so LUCKY to have the job I have! I love my school, my students and everyone I work with! Not many people can say that.
Like paisley, but spikier, in shades of brown and ochre with touches of lemon-yellow and white, sort of Aztec paisley.
We’re proposing alternate forms of communication for some of the big events likely to be the most irritating in the months ahead.
- Gathering and packing snacks, toiletries, other random things they'll need while gone
I joined Liverpool Corporation as a 16 year old junior clerk in the same job and sitting in the same chair at the same desk that Stanley Holmes (subsequently Sir Stanley and Chief Executive of Merseyside) had sat in when he started his career.
He said that yes, he was fine, and then she asked, “Where is your mom?”
The inspiration for the tag is from Tim's 12 Tags of Christmas 2009, Day 3. I opted for spring colors to give the piece a lighter feel. After all, spring starts Tuesday! The recycled packaging from some of the dies was cut with a butterfly die then colored with the alcohol inks and attached to the bow with the tiny stapler. I know it's hard to see but it's there and it's wings were folded so it's 3-D.
A gentle touch
Evidence:
By loving someone, you’re essentially entrusting them with your heart, your feelings. You’re literally giving them the power to break you, but knowing they won’t, because the feeling is (we all hope) mutual.
Don't forget we need charity dolls still. Pattern on www.noni.com for a bear
When we were out on Thursday I came upon these gorgeous paints at such a good price I went a bit mad. I think the shop must have been clearing it's stock of them as in the past I have paid far more.
While my photos were being taken, my adorable niece came up to me and asked to have her photos taken next. She's definitely going to be one maarte girl just like her auntie ( me )! :D
Pilsner
Source: Public Library
08. Radio Reggae
One that was formed not in fright but in love.
Brad and my mom getting ready to plant
West’s debut film The Roost, was made by West when he was still in college and was produced and financed by Larry Fessenden. Though the film shows flashes of West’s promise and the talented innovative filmmaker he would become, it also shows a filmmaker with a rather steep learning curve in front of him. To say the film is clumsy is not quite enough. The film has problems with basic blocking and editing that make the early films of Kevin Smith look like the work of Howard Hawks. Matters are helped not at all by an amateur cast who allow more ellipses in their dialogue than the average Jim Jaramusch film and a moment that screams “I’ve just seen Funny Games” that is more annoying than I can quite put into words.
Vann Garden is open again on Sunday 10 June to Sunday 17 June from 10:00 to 18:00 and, of course, every Wednesday until July 2012. There are no refreshments available and the old-fashioned outside toilet is worth a visit – even if it is just to read the poem on the door!
The cataclysm hardware requirements normal and ultra settings іѕ standard with regards tо processing speed, storage space, sound and visual appeal. Gamers who utilize computers for video games wіll immediately identify the difference in thе experience based оn the settings usеd in thе hardware setup of the computer.
As I’ve gotten older and hopefully wiser, it seems more plausible and possible to accomplish simpler things. I’m not saying I won’t ever wear a ball gown and eat an expensive piece of chicken with an asparagus spear. It’s just that these days, the only pumpkin coach I want is an old tractor. I want a solid pair of work boots that won’t give me a bunion because they’re too small and have pointy toes and high heels. I want to grow my own food; lots of tomatoes, potatoes, and maybe a few big pumpkins, bright orange like a pair of Moxie shoes.
-Amalfitano played regularly for San Francisco in 1960, seeing time at second and third base. He hit a career-high .277 in 106 games, with a home run and 27 RBI.
“Fatal Attraction meets Misery.......in a sexually charged story”
I was blown away by how two very young US runners, not running in their specialties ran such fast times. I wondered how they stacked up against some of my old heroes. Growing up in El Paso, TX I was in awe of the old UTEP distance corps. I could go watch them run local meets and they also graced the local road races on occasion. It was not unusual to see Mike Musyoki, James Rotich or Mathews Motshwarateu (RIP) show up to dominate the local 5 or 10k. It was good stuff growing up. The old UTEP teams were undoubtably the most dominant distance runners in NCAA history (sorry Arkansas and Oregon). The 1981 squad set the existing all time low of 17 points. Good luck to any team that thinks they can break that. The Olympic silver medalist at 5000 meters (Suleiman Nyambui) wasn't even the first man on the squad that year. Many people believe these teams had a very unfair advantage over the others as they consistently fielded 7 highly talented Africans (and Rodolfo Gomez) against home grown talent. So I was curious to see how the two American youngsters times fared against the UTEP greats. Surely they had potential to eventually run comparable times but at this early age? Wow. I was wrong and surprised and also very, very excited about the future of US Distance running. Here is the All-Time 5000 meter list from UTEP. Wow.
Entonces vino el dia, Then came the day I was introduced to Mozart. With those first notes of Serenade for Winds I knew how the angels sounded. I knew that if I was a good girl, paid attention at Mass instead of tracing the stained glass window with an imaginary finger, if, if, IF, I could hold my tongue when my mother's got away from her, the angels would sing just like this and guide me to heaven.
“What a crappy day!” she said as she began to stroke the cat at the same time. “First of all, Sophie had already left when I went to pick her up on the way to school this morning. That was how it all started. Then, when I arrived at school, they were all crowding around her seat in amazement. I don’t mean Sophie, I mean that little Madame – Angelika. Well… you know who I mean.”
For example, I share a home, 3 cats and my precious set of screwdrivers and wrenches with a man whose background is in theoretical Physics. (sharing household tools with a theorist can be an interesting proposition) I worked on Biopolymers; Plamen worked on neutrino oscillations. In a strange way, we met because of solar neutrinos. He brought them up; I knew what he was talking about because the HEP group at Tufts was right downstairs from my friends in Condensed Matter Physics; we managed to date.
I love Alabama Chanin. The brand, not the person. The person is actually Natalie Chanin, and I don't know her at all. In fact, she's the only person I've ever profiled with whom I never actually had any direct contact. I had to read pages of FAQs and then submit any additional questions by email to her assistant, who forwarded them and then, later, sent me Chanin's responses. She was way too busy to be interviewed for a profile. So I'm pretty sure a podcast would be out of the question, don't you think? Plus I wouldn't want FAQs; what I'd love to talk about is where ideas come from and that moment of possibilities opening up. You know?
she got involved."
ENGLISH NAME : english translation
Some time in December a coworker and blogger friend posted a status saying she was thinking what she could do for her New Years resolution. I suggested that we all make a list of 100 things that we wanted to do in 2011 instead. And each month we could do an update post about where we are on completing our list. Well as things started spinning out of control towards the end of December I never completed my list, I only had 89 things on my list, so instead of 100 things I want to do in 2011, I have 89 and here they are.
For just $14.95 ONE-TIME LIFETIME MEMEBERSHIP FEE. You will have access to my knowledge and you will be noticed Everytime there is an upgrade available for your iPhone and iPad. Fast Easy Simple Jailbreak.com – Your Answer to Jailbreaking – See Main Article
I sure do miss our CHA adventures together (hotel rooms... beer at the not supposed to have been after parties *snicker*, whoopie cushions etc...).. it seems forever since we have caught up... I'm so proud to see all of your well deserved success in the scrap business.. you are truley one of the hardest working women I know!
Despite having the votes in the Senate Judiciary Committee, imminent plans that exist for the Respect for Marriage Act in the panel are unclear. Erica Chabot, a Senate Judiciary Committee spokesperson, said she was unable to communicate with Chair Patrick Leahy (D-Vt.) during the congressional recess about his plans.
I love him so much.
But it might be too late…..the horse done bolt the stable Prakash…Kamla say no referendum for all yuh…further to that this government get fat and full from eating ah food….too many abuses have taken place that you have remained silent on as an “independent” part that claims to be principled….you have to come real good to convince me that you aint still struggling to remain politically relevant while still eating ah food….but thanks for the excitement on the news!
Geekyboy has hit the touchy twos. Offered two choices, he wants neither of them. His usual response to any request is 'no'. This can be a challenging stage for an "anything for an easy life" parent like myself. Want to stay in your pajamas all day, paint with your hands, eat playdough, drink bath water or wear your sister's Sleeping Beauty pull ups instead of your own diapers? That is fine by me.
Guinsoo: Fair enough.
Let's Move Child Care was developed due to popular demand, Mrs. Obama said.
Roy: Stay out of the crease. The right winger’s name?
The Development Agreement—which ESDC withheld until not just after the September, 2009 approval, but until January 2010 after the court argument—provides for Phase II by 2033 and no penalties or assurances.I suspect, as has been said in court papers, that the term "commercially reasonable" does appear in the Development Agreement; the question is whether that's trumped by the other documents that give the developer a much longer leash.
Now, I’m going to use myself for an example. Currently, I’m juggling three writing projects. Two novels and a short story, each one very different from the others. One novel is currently being told with something more akin to my talking voice, mostly because I’ve been in a hurry and had to crank out word count quick, so I’ve gotten lazy. I figure I can edit later. That story has a very particular sound and voice. The short story is set in 1918. It’s got almost a high fantasy, archaic storyteller voice, and tends to use a lot of older vocabulary and odd sentence structure. Lastly, I have an urban fantasy novel that has its own very different voice again. There’s almost no passive sentences in that one, almost no dialogue tags, and very little reflection. Okay, so there’s three different voices going all at once, and none of them would work right narrating the other stories. Sure, I’m writing all three, but for each one, I’m assuming a different mask, a different way of speaking, so that I create the right voice for the story.
Now I paused in the hallway outside the kitchen. I could hear voices inside: Mom and Tina, talking. I stopped where I was, just out of sight. It wasn't a desire to eavesdrop, exactly; it was more that I wanted to know what I was about to walk into. And I wasn't quite awake enough to make conversation myself, so I waited... and listened.
But is it?
Before I get to the mail, I just wanted to mention the results are in for this latest round of You Choose the Next EPIC VERSE. I’m working on the latest masterpiece now and I’m going to try to have it posted this week, so stay tuned!
Totally MY kind of town.
This leads into my main question: why does this debate even matter? Bottom line is that a great novel is a great novel, especially in the world of Christian publishing where our goal should always be to produce content of eternal value that brings glory to our Creator. The portrayal of speculative fiction as something “outside the norm,” which both sides of the debate seem to be doing, is inherently flawed. Some of the greatest and most successful Christian fiction of all time would today be classified as speculative: The Chronicles of Narnia, Left Behind, Pilgrim’s Progress, The Screwtape Letters, This Present Darkness, to name only a few. Would any of them have been successful if relegated to the corner of the room where speculative is told to sit and mind its manners? Maybe, but probably not. The truth is that Christian science fiction and fantasy have already been vetted as having the ability to resonate with readers. Therefore I can only conclude that it is the debate itself that is getting in the way.
When I enter a hardware store and ask the guy at the information desk "Do you stock humidifiers?" and he says "Yes, they're on Aisle 7," I don't turn on my heels without another word and leave the store! I say "thank you"; I proceed directly to Aisle 7; I look over their selection; I ask the clerk some questions about product features, benefits, and prices, and if he asks me questions to help him suggest the right humidifier for my needs, I answer his. That's how I make an informed choice of what humidifier to buy, and whether to buy it from that store or elsewhere.
Level 20: MP Cost: 18, Attacks up to 6 enemies, Damage: 145%, Attacks the enemies 4 times.
Also seeing the blog on a project is amazing, because I just took everyone to school. BOOM.
Upper left: cantaloupe; sandwich; cucumber slices; carrot; apricots/raisins.
of the life I’ve led so far.
Barbara and Ben were twinsies and both got the Grilled Lamb Kefta. Ben devoured the thing in five minutes, I swear. When I asked what he thought of it he said, "Well, I ate it all!" Guess that says enough. Barbara also liked the dish but found it to be a little spicy for her taste. I'd heard that about a lot of the dishes at Sanaa so that statement didn't surprise me any.
God helps those who help themselves, and they finally stay together.
When Adam and Eve ate from the tree of life, they acquired free will; freedom of choice. They could choose God’s way or the highway; the highway to Hell. Jesus offered salvation, but we are not forced to accept it or Jesus. God lets us choose. That is not the way it is with Islam. Well, that is not exactly true. You do have a choice with Islam: convert to Islam or be killed. That is the choice offered to non Muslims.
‘Having Your Best Year Ever’ - Nigel Risner
I Know it wasn't easy for Rene to know that I had moved on. She still maintains that she loves me dearly, and doesn't wish to let go. Yet, that is not what her actions say. Her actions suggested a deep level of shame for what we had become together. I think anyone that saw the ABC special could see that, except of course, her. It became too hard to live with myself, knowing I had done this to her. I felt like a complete coward and wanted to just, run away. Hide...
First off, no girl is made of candy, not even Katy Perry. Secondly, the song insinuates that it would be nice to eat a girl as a dessert, which is obviously erotic cannibalism. I'll stick with a cheese board thanks, even if she does use strawberry body wash. Lastly, the song makes several references to "doo-doo", which is basically poop. Pooing on people for sexual pleasure, no doubt. Was this song written by a German?
15 West Main Street, East Islip, NY 11730. 631-650-6914
If you like experimental music, then this is definitely worth checking out. Enjoy!
Sorry I haven't been on to post in a couple weeks. Things have just been as busy as ever. Tomorrow is a big day in the Johnson house, Emma starts her first day of Kindergarden and It's Rich and I's 7 year anniversary. Time flies when you are havin fun and servin the Lord.
Cook up half a pound (or more if you are feeding a larger group), of farro in salted boiling water. I find that using the farro I purchase from Boulette's larder, it only takes about 10 to 15 minutes before the grain is perfectly al dente. Use your own taste buds to make that judgment. Drain the farro.
This was her response;
Just like any wedding reception you need to feed your guests, right? Whether you are having a brunch, luncheon or dinner reception, or cocktails and cake you will need to hire a caterer to provide the food and wait staff for your event.
Try making your own bath creme:
If the prospective squad for the Champions League final tell us anything, it is that there is definite strength in depth. With so many players out for both Chelsea and Bayern Munich, the Blues are lucky that they can turn to a defender who would be first-choice in many sides to man the back line. David Luiz, who has trouble actually defending, might not remain a Chelsea player for much longer than the end of May, according to one rumor that links him with a ridiculously high bid from Barcelona. At some other clubs, this would not be tolerated. But Chelsea seem to appreciate the more attacking role that Luiz plays when he is not focused on doing his defensive work, and he adds extremely valuable depth to the squad.
No special ice cream making equipment is necessary. If you've got a metal cake pan or baking dish and a fork, you'll have all the equipment you'll need.
What the Experts Say
It is, however, revealing that the one major critical work about him was written in German, before being translated and published (in somewhat abridged form) in English. There was something a little "European" about his immense, concentrated pessimism; his decision to be a professional Jeremiah. The UK newspaper obituaries tend to concentrate on the his (alleged) "sense of humour" - as if that were a kind of excuse for daring to take things so seriously for so long, in such a thoroughly un-English way.
The balance sheet would be strengthened based on bank debt renegotiation; therefore the sovereign would be saved from debt default and the game changed.
Now to the heavy part of this episode. Claudia shows up at Susan’s house looking for her husband who she believes is having an affair with Susan. She even posts fliers all over the neighborhood with Alejandro’s photo and calling Susan a home wrecker. When Gaby sees these, Susan confesses visiting Claudia and tells Gaby that she believes Alejandro was molesting Claudia’s daughter Marisa. Gaby asks Susan to bring Claudia over.
where i have caused pain.
After that, all it takes a trip to your nearest supermarket. Then that Cookie Crisp will finally be yours. Ponder that for yourself, Chip.
I should warn you that you may need tissues (I certainly did).
sometimes there will be more pain before the healing comes,
Who knew that the Library of Congress threw a huge celebration of books and authors on a yearly basis? And this year they expanded the festival to 2 days to allow for even more awesomeness.
The new Iphone couldn’t possibly get any better. So what’s holding you back?
The recipes come from my own family: Gran, my mother, my sister and me. They have been tried and tested countless times on the people we love and are ready for you to do the same. Don’t be afraid to adjust them to your own taste, or to the ingredients you have to hand. A key component of everyday cooking is the confidence to personalize and improvise. The trick is to replace like with like. Starchy vegetables like
I Made my way down to the Ratway and snuck inside. Up ahead was a flickering light, and I could hear two voices arguing. I drew my bow and moved forward silently. I dropped the first s’wit with my bow before he could even understand what had happened. When his friend came running, I grabbed my longswords and charged in straight at him. The fool was blundering about his weapon, and I made short, messy work of him. Just in case, I grabbed both of the bodies, looted them, and then dragged them into the campfire to burn. Smelly rats…”
This is something I’ve debated on and off with quite a few children’s authors. Some take a hard line and resist saying anything that could be construed as boasting. Others feel that Facebook, say, is there for the sharing of good news however big-headed it makes one look. One author I talked to this week resists social networking altogether, because she’s so careful of her public statements.
Then her boss, Stan Wheeler, gets permission from the FBI to make a whole new crime-expert team. A team especially trained in finding missing children. Rachel goes from consultant to full-time member of a brand new team of agents. There's Chris, the kidnapping and crime scene expert, Jesse, the profiler, Omar, the information and computer expert and Rachel - who feels like a fraud in the middle of the highly trained professionals. But none of them can hear the voices of the dead, or see the things they saw just before they died.
Well, after reading the three books that composed The Millennium trilogy, I was looking to continue my Scandinavian crime reading stint and decided to pick up the new Big Thing in the form of The Snowman by Jo Nesbo. It was similar, but only to the extent that both works deal with serial killers.
Inks used were VersaMark and Distress Inks
June-Enter Open at DTCCU trial, review Utility exercises
A few days ago, my friend Laura posted a very interesting question on Facebook: What will you one day admit to yourself? That really got me thinking about a topic that's been pinging around in my brain for some time. You see, for me the answer to her question is pretty simple. I am afraid that someday I will admit to myself that I did not have a universal sense of compassion for people that I come in contact with. On the whole, I consider myself to be a pretty understanding and compassionate person, but I am not above a simple, quick, unfair judgment when I encounter someone who, for whatever reason, pisses me off. Maybe they were rude to me, or maybe they were rude to their kids. Maybe they confronted about something that made me uncomfortable, or cut in front of me in line. Or maybe they just see things differently than I do. Whatever the reason, I can be pretty quick to dispense with someone sometimes: jerk, asshole, jackass, bad this-or-that, you name it.
Ultimately the question is this: Has God Almighty so done a sovereign and supernatural work in you that the God you once hated and ignored, you now desire and esteem worthy above all things? Has God so worked in your heart that the sin you once loved and sought after for your own pleasure and advancement, you now despise and turn from? When the Bible speaks of receiving Christ, it is through repentance and faith, which is evidenced by fruit in our lives (not evidenced by how sincere we felt about a decision to try out Jesus). That fruit is the very transformation in my life I see today that I know God has done- it is truly supernatural. This is what Jesus said:
how I long for the countryside... settling in the first proper flat really takes it out of me these days. life is mostly about checking things off the list, almost there. suddenly I'm getting really excited about pillowcases and lusting after a designer sugar bowl (and I don't even put sugar in my tea/coffee!). it's a dangerous territory.
It seems that Mitt Romney fits only in one slot as well, that of Businessman/Outsider, with his two most formidable challengers, Rick Santorum and Ron Paul, fitting into all three, hence the lack of enthusiasm for this nominee.
American America: I, Hippie
Poor Ruby was pretty unwell for the first one but was back to herself last night and enjoyed it, just as any ballerina should!
This is a small slice of chocolate cake I made couple summers ago- every thing was hand sewn from scratch by me (thank goodness for instructions though!)
The image is from the Penny Black 'wonderful' set. I have coloured the image using glittery Sakura pens. The hedgehog spines are a copper glitter stuck on using a Sakura glue pen. I have edged the image with the same glitter.
The gods took a while to consider this for it was not the settlement they were expecting and they were uneasy that one of them might have to marry this ice queen. Odin said, ‘you may choose your husband from among us, but you must do so only by looking at his feet.’ At this Skadi smiled, for she knew that being so beautiful, Baldur would have the most exquisite feet and her task would be easy. The gods removed their shoes and stood in a circle around her. Carefully, she searched among them for the feet she thought would be Baldur’s, finally she came to the one she was sure must be him. They were strong and slim, brown and well-shaped. Skadi had never seen such beautiful feet in all her life. ‘I chose you,’ she said looking up into the face of her husband. But instead of Baldur, she met eyes that were grey, blue and green, their colours shifting and changing like the ocean. He had brown and weathered skin from working a lifetime as a sailor and an expression that was gentle, strong and kind. Njord, Lord of the Seas smiled at her. Skadi was angry ‘you have tricked me’ she snarled, yet there was something in Njord’s face that stopped her, and she found herself fascinated by him, drawn to the smell of salt on his skin and the bitter tang of his hair, the way that he looked at her… and she felt her heart soften. Odin nodded in satisfied agreement, ‘a good match,’ he said. Skadi then smiled a bitter smile, ‘you have forgotten the second part of our bargain, one of you must make me laugh. For since you took my father from me, I have only felt sadness.’ Odin turned to Loki, ‘Trickster, can you make this woman laugh?’ Loki stepped forward a little sheepishly, wondering how much Skadi knew about his own hand in her father’s death. Loki said, ‘I have the perfect remedy, for only this morning at market I bought this goat, after all, what is funnier than a goat?’ Loki capered in front of Skadi and she looked at him suspiciously. Loki continued ‘only, I had my arms so full of other wares, I had to lead her home like this!’ Loki took one end of the rope and tied it to the beard of the nanny goat and the other end he tied around his testicles. The goat bleated in rage at being tethered and set off around the courtyard yanking Loki along behind her who squealed and bleated louder than the goat. The other gods were helpless with laughter. Finally the two came to a halt in front of Skadi, Loki fell into her lap and looked up at her with a ridiculous expression on his face. In spite of herself, Skadi laughed; a laugh that rose from her belly and melted her heart and for the first time in months she was glad and so forgave the Aesir. Then, Odin feeling that he still wished to make further amends for the death of the great giant Thiasi, took from a pouch two milky white globes. Skadi gasped, recognising them instantly as her fathers eyes. Odin said, ‘I know how much you miss him,’ and he flung the eyes far up into the heavens where they settled as two bright stars. ‘Now you will always be able to see him and he will always watch over you’. Skadi was satisfied, her father avenged and remembered. She turned to Njord, ‘I will gladly take you as my husband but I cannot live in Noatun, your Sea Home, we must live together at my home in the mountains, for I fear that my heart would break all over again for the missing of it.’ Njord knew this would be hard for he had spent his life at sea, but he loved Skadi and wished to make her happy, so he agreed.
BRISBANE
There's no way to describe how purely awesome having this tiny life inside of me is, but if I were to try, it's...
It offers those who have repeatedly committed crimes the alternative to a prison sentence: they can instead join a reading group and discuss books like To Kill a Mockingbird and Of Mice and Men. Robert Waxler, whose original idea it was, reports a high success rate in terms of low percentages of re-offending.
It is more than obvious that anatomical differences exist between the two genders, but the causes are not solely anatomical in nature. Females generally have smaller and weaker muscles surrounding their knees. Additionally, the ligaments surrounding a females joints tend to be more lax thus allowing a certain amount of looseness to take place within the joint.
Location: Murray, KY
prefer Drysol. (Information about those two, and two other highly recommended options is included in the link below.) There is an "AM" solid refresher stick, and a PM roll-on - and you do have to use both for the system to work. At least I do. If you tend to have sensitive under-arms, the PM stick, which they also make, is less irritating - but didn't work as well for me.
Information stored in the cloud also means that you won’t need to rely on wires to get that information back onto your Android device. Simply connect to the internet, connect to your cloud server of choice, and bring that data back into your phone.
Frank Francisco came on for the save chance, but with one out Carlos Gonzalez ripped a line drive to right that just barely managed to make it over the high wall there. Amazingly, the Rockies had come back again, but the Mets were not done scoring runs.
It is not now known whether Scott Joplin, the great ragtime music composer from Texas, was one of the spectators on that September afternoon in 1896. Twenty-seven year-old Joplin was sufficiently impressed with the event, however, that by year-end he had composed The Great Crush Collision, one of the earliest of his many compositions.
a birthday gift for our loved ones? Could it be in denim for the casual look? Or tweed for the grouse shoot? Or maybe a velvet one for those intimate dinner parties? I’ll leave it up to you to decide.
One final question: Why do Muslims threaten us so much?
It gets its name from its long pointed snout.
And 100% of those cell phones have batteries that die.
Most of the best teams have great-hitting first baseman these days. You look around these days and see megastars like Pujols, Miggy Cabrera, Price Fielder, Adrian Gonzalez, Teixeira, Konerko, Joey Votto, Ryan Howard and others, not to mention emerging young players like Freddie Freeman, Eric Hosmer, Justin Smoak, not to mention good hitters like Mike Morse, Carlos Pena, Gaby Sanchez … it's a first baseman's league and it has been for a while now.
Smaller versions can be used to make jewelry, like these earrings I'm in the process of finishing that were made using bakers twine.
Shoe Brooks running
The simplest questions are the most profound:
More Norah Jones on this Blog
Here are some excerpts:
We've got loads of these old windows in the garage; and although they're great as-is (or with botanical prints behind them), I wanted to spice things up a bit this time.
Colouring: Vintage photo distress ink
Crease and leave folded.
what a pain in the butt that is. Now we are adults and
Sure, I’ve had my difficulties and will face more over my lifetime. I’m actually glad for having some hard times when I was very young because I do not take anything for granted. And you know what? Life is so much sweeter when you can truly be appreciative for all of its blessings.
Without going into too much detail, I took myself to that place where I cannot stand to be in my own skin again. The lies of omission quietly ate at me, while in my denial, I had justified all sorts of behavior. So after years of keeping some of my demons at bay, I went down in a self destructive spiral that included a few scary behaviors I have not engaged in for over 14 years, some NEW scary self destructive behaviors, and a series of shockingly poor decisions.
I read this quote on pinterest the other day, and I have to say I love it! I think it is so true, especially when it comes to motherhood. We all want to be the best moms we can, so it is easy to get sucked into the "mommy wars" that are so popular online, or even get caught just comparing yourself or your kids to your friends and their children.
Hello Jane,
My Paleo books arrived today – so my next job is to do some serious reading! I am really looking forward to learning the science behind the diet and how it might improve my overall health and well being. We will see!
feat no cryptologist, linguist, scientist or software engineer has
Silvía's favorite foods are sushi and feta cheese and she aims for a career as a model, singer and a movie star.
Then there is the juggling act of your marketing efforts. What do you need to promote what you are doing? Photos, brochures, resumes, and other media? How about conferences, trade shows, or other events that will further your reach? You juggle time, money, and personal well-being and hope your act will reap some benefits of what you've put into it.
for them.
prayed unto The Lord; he forgot about his situation and fully turned his
Needless to say, I was happy as a clam to have the great opportunity — to practice shooting action shots. It was a good practice. Though, it would have been even better if I had a longer telephoto lens. I would have love to get up close and personal shooting the surfers and waves. But… since the waves were strong and unpredictable; I didn’t want to take a chance of the camera getting splash by the waves or worse yet — I get swept out.
Publishing this first poetry book has been a lifelong dream of mine! Growing up, I’ve been writing poems in the hopes that I will fulfill this dream and share my work with my readers. Thank you so much for your support.
“So this is a decision you made a long time ago Gogo, to never take this rat poison?”
It wasn’t until my stepmother gave him a heaping box of art supplies for Christmas one year that he began to reclaim his throne as the crown prince of individuality. He had once again found an outlet for his creativity, which had never truly died but been overwritten. His days may have been spent at the space center in Houston, but his nights were spent creating new worlds that even the most powerful telescope could not see. He was pillaging the Village quietly, seeking out answers to questions he was afraid to ask and putting the results into a tangible form.
Oh yeah; Toei Company created a short-lived cartoon series in 1966 for Rankin-Bass that utilized the beeg money into a beeg playmate for Bobby Bond and his family. Of course, when this live-action movie tie-in came to be, the Bonds were totally excised from the story and a whole new storyline was substituted, featuring nothing that involved cartoons, save for the acting level.
Consider, if you will, the sartorial importance of tail attire. To bare, or not to bare… that is the question. The answer might seem to be of little consequence, but for marsupials living in cities and suburbs some strategically placed fur can make all the difference.
in Festival of Harmony 2009.
I am living the life my soul intended by leading my life with integrity, grace and joy.
“Yoga is not for Muslims,” he said. “It was forbidden.”
Serve with celery and carrot sticks and the dipping sauce of your choice. We made a Vegan “ranch” dressing by combining mayo, sour cream, dill, and pickle relish.
7. Conviction - Awesome
Oliver Lyttletton (later Lord Chandos) wanted to introduce deposits of £500 to be put down by immigrants. In a letter to Viscount Swinton, dated 31st March 1954., he wrote:-
03. Moby Dick
Jacques Pauw, Adriaan Basson and Paddy Harper, City Press
I really have a great class of personalities. We've had to overcome some difficulties but for the most part we have persevered with a lot of hard work. Some who couldn't speak a word of English, suddenly are conversing as if they have been all along. Kids who joined our class mid-way through the year are part of our community as if they have been from the start.
The Fifth Element
If you played Moorpark recently, please leave me a comment on how you played this hole.
The Indigo CS is additionally available in equally gas and diesel type. The petrol versions contain a 64 bhp One.2-litre multi-point fuel shot in-line Five engine and the diesel-powered one particular comes equipped with a 1.4-litre turbocharged diesel website. A engine offers marginal noise and moaning and excellent operation.
“Uh, well, not really” she says. “I like my new friends more.”
Off to have some breakfast and hope my coffee will work and make me sane, then to scrub some more roofing sheets :(.
In a large mixing bowl, dissolve yeast and 1 tablespoon sugar in 1 cup warm water. Add the oil, egg, salt, 2 cups flour, and remaining sugar and water. Beat until smooth. Stir in enough remaining flour to form a soft dough. Turn onto a floured surface; knead until smooth and elastic, about 6-8 minutes. Place in a greased bowl, turning once to grease top. Cover and let rise in a warm place until doubled, about 40 minutes.
Has the real identity of River Song been revealed?
Private Ali has not returned from an expeditionary force tasked with approaching the borders os Afghanistan.
Pierre Le Flanne breathed in the crisp morning air. Taking off in the dawn light was invigorating as ever. Today was unusual as for the first time he flew in a mixed Entente formation. The British losses had been so crippling recently that the RFC had appealed for French assistance. To answer this call a flight of Nieuport 17's had arrived at a ramshackle Flemish field and were now heading to meet their reciprocal Boche "Dawn Patrol". Pierre's N17 took starboard station off a RNAS Sopwith Pup (See below: Note ignore the extra wing in the photo below, we "imagine" when we don't have the exact 'match' in planes)
So why, if he was feeling better, did he finally go through with killing himself? Studies show that suicides rarely occur when the victim is at the worst of their depression—they are then too broken and lethargic to take action—but rather when their mood begins to elevate and they finally find the motivation and energy needed to tie the knot.
which I got to scoop and dump gravel with! The dumping sounds a little like a rain stick, and was my favorite part. Well, and the having to ram the tractor into the gravel pile before scooping.
- My wife says: Do we have to watch this?
A feminist probably cringes when she hears this. Feminism has taken center stage in our society, with women wanting to be self- sufficient, equal and powerful. I am all for equality in the work place and not being treated as an object. However, recently I have noticed many women resorting to feminism as if it is only through this belief system that they can be “free,” “empowered,” and “healthy.”
Snow crystal is Magnolia die
28. What songs do you sing in the shower?
Nevertheless, I don’t quite feel that I have reached the core of the matter, still wanting to understand what constitutes, creates a maḍhab rather than just knowing what it is being defined as.
“How shall we live, knowing we will die? Many of us simply do not know. Without the “aid” of a diagnosis of terminal illness, we may drift for years at a time, lost, frightened, and confused. So we seek to unravel our confusion–to amputate our inner “don’t know”–by going to a host of workshops, seeking out a variety of therapists, reading piles of books, consulting with scores of teachers, friends, lovers, and acquaintances to fill in the blanks, to replace the gnawing emptiness of “don’t know.”
in a landscape that begs for rain.
13. Let's get married - Jagged Edge / 4:24
Gypsy fights?
Are honed into the total story
Nice try Tom, I think there may be other factors at work here though.
Every time we taste this soft-ripened cheese we get religion and want to make a pilgrimage to the Lac Saint Jean in Quebec where Rose-Alice Boivin Côté and her family work wonders.
5x European top division top scorer
Later this week we will be announcing the lucky winners of our competition held at the stand today to win an ‘Oh So Supportive – On The Day Coordination’ package, so do stay posted for the big announcement to follow!
Brush the warm kulcha with the butter flavored with minced garlic & cilantro.
Hematite Facts
you how many curtains she's sewn
Now, one thing I've learned from being at that preschool, meeting other parents, and interacting with their kids, is that many people have serious concerns about their children. They worry that something is wrong with their kids, that their kids aren't developing fast enough, that their kids will be permanently damaged if they are or aren't held back a year, et cetera. Pretty much every decision is fraught and will no doubt determine whether the kid gets accepted into Harvard in fifteen years.
or Baby Girl's 5TH birthday...
- I say: – Roger on acid. Classic.
Schumpeter argues that the cycles *DO* interact.
He looked right through me, yeah
I have always had a soft spot for whales. I love them. I think it is incredible that there are such huge and intelligent animals in the world. I am in awe of them. We loved the Shamu show. The kids insisted to sit in the SPLASH zone, and we seriously got wet. Soaked.
15. One Day Goodbye Will Be Farewell (Years of Refusal)
Willie, at 17 years old, still lives at home with his parents in Newport Beach and doesn't mind commuting back and forth to the studio in his Datsun pickup truck. "We're a very close family," the man with the green eyes said. "We do a great deal of fun things together and I don't see any reason for moving out because some might think it's the 'in' thing to do."
Every night at work, two of my co-workers/friends play Cribbage during lunch. Last night while playing Cribbage, I was teasing one of my co-workers/friends about how much pepper he puts on his food. I had hidden the pepper from him as a joke and was teasing him about the taste of the food being better without all the pepper.
John survived nicely, and so did we. His hands are still attached to his body and doing well.
Anyone who has not spent the last few months out of radio range either in a submarine beneath the ice caps, searching for signs of global warming, or making a wild life documentary about Amazonian termites, will have noticed that for the first time which anyone not currently drawing their pensions can remember, senior politicians have actually started to talk about immigration at a time when a general election may be less than six months away.
Some simple manipulation of the data gets the imprisonment rate for various offence classes – that is, the number of people in jail for a particular offence class per 100,000 head of population:
1:30 tossing and turning,
Michael Marshall Smith – Someone Else’s Problem
My wife and I continued on to our food run. We crossed the stadium to my favorite stand behind the Budweiser Party Porch Extravaganza Brought To You By Forest City Enterprises And Sponsored By Conrads Tire Express and Car Care CONRAAAADS. My wife ordered an Italian Sausage and a bottled water and I asked for a “Super Bratwurst” and then was faced with a familiar conundrum. Beer choice. Many who know me will attest that I am not the biggest proponent of the American Pilsner or lagers in general. Sure, there are other choices available at the game, but to procure a craft brew from Great Lakes Brewing Co requires a Homeric quest that I have not the time or patience to endure. I settle for the 24oz tall boy of Bud Light. They didn’t even have Bud…..heavy? As I felt sorry for myself and handed the cashier my credit card, she piped “$27.25.” Suddenly, I had forgotten all about Torii Hunter’s E-9 and Mr. Mustard’s last moment triumph. Walking away I looked at my receipt and saw the $10 “24 oz Bud Lt Can” ledger line staring back at me. I just paid $10 for a beer I don’t even like.
This was the second time in the Series the Yankees had their backs against the wall and it was unfamiliar territory. Thanks in part to Spahn’s 10-inning complete game in the opener and a 13-run spanking in Game 2, the Braves had leapt out to a three games to one lead, the first time that such a lead had been foisted upon the Bombers since 1942…eleven World Series appearances ago. But the Yanks stayed alive in Game 5 thanks to a stellar pitching performance by Bob Turley, who scripted a complete game shutout.
Imagine my surprise when I found this article at Summer Matters that wants to Stop Year Round School. Some of the points that the Summer Matters site talks about are family time (though many families have two or are single-parent working and the summer doesn’t change that since the kids are still in the care of others during the day), childhood growth and development (which is currently ousted in favor of having children study more to boost standardized test scores) and the economy of seasonal communities (which really only matters if you’re among the top income brackets – we poor folks don’t really contribute much to the seasonal economy since we’re too busy worrying about budgeting this week’s grocery bill to plan a vacation to a touristy hot spot).
To our children all, or north or south of Manhattan,
Today we're talking with Zoey Roberts, a proud Canadian with social media superpowers, especially on Facebook.
Cardstock: American Crafts
Hermione goes to extreme lengths to protect her friends and goes to drastic lengths to protect her parents. Luckily, I haven't really had to actually physically protect my friends or parents, but I entirely, wholeheartedly, understand her exact thought process. There is literally nothing that I wouldn't do if it were necessary to protect my parents. There are only a few things that I wouldn't do to protect my family and friends. While the likelyhood of me ever being on the very front line against an enormous evil is extremely slim, I'd like to think I'd handle myself with the dignity and coolheadedness which Hermione uses. She's terrified, but channels that into her desire to protect everyone, which in turn gets poured into her fighting. (And she says Harry has a saving people thing!)
Picture if you will a society where people loved cyanide – they loved the way it smelled and they loved the way it tasted – they loved everything about it. In this society, cyanide was present in just about every food. People stirred cyanide into their cold and hot drinks, they sprinkled it on their breakfast cereal and they cooked it into their meats and vegetables. They loved it so much that after awhile you couldn’t buy a food that wasn’t laced with cyanide.
As a Philosopher I must ask can a quick bio of anyone truly exist? Can any anyone be summed up in a few words?…. Frankly, no. So with that in mind I would say I’m a swordsman, a scholar, a libertine, a dilettante, a writer, and an artist. Except I don’t have the money to be a dilettante, and as for being a libertine, well the chance would be a fine thing.
Thought you guys would enjoy this!!
Celebrations marking 100 years since the discovery of Machu Picchu took place throughout last year, but there’s justified reason to extend the centenary.
April 28th - Micro (brewers) Festival
Missouri's victory over the city oklahoma single next school year, the city oklahoma single is positively embraced by most of the largest mounds provided architects with near-perfect artifacts, as they were well preserved example of a possible Rose Bowl appearance, No. 20 Boston College at home shutting out in-state rival was its 4th consecutive 60-point-plus win. The Sooners' Sam Bradford completed 30-of-44 passes for 370 yards and 4 touchdowns and then added another score on a 38-yard touchdown that sparked a 16-point last quarter over the mighty Oklahoma Sooners.
I've personally developed a lot this year - and now I think I know the answer. Lets have a group for licensees made up by licensees.
Even old Mamma Creek left the house for a look – first time she’d left her porch since Jacob passed away the year before. He was got by the cancer. A seven year old girl managed to lift him from his bed when the tumour was through with him.
the world’s first church flowered anew.
Lee Sun Gyun as Jung Bae
My husband wanted the Subaru because he's got a project he's doing today - he's always been a fixer and now he fixes air conditioners in addition to being an amazing technical writer, engineer, and more. He's tired, but this is my blog, so I get to complain...yes, I'm beginning to smile - see how therapeutic a blog is?
Said, “Boy, now get your claws right off me
Anthony Davis is not as imposing as the rumors led me to believe. He is of average height; about five foot eleven if I was to go into detail. He is lanky, with broad shoulders and large arms. He must have gained the muscle mass during his nights digging up the newly buried. In the dim light, I can see a mess of dark curls coming from his head. They are unruly and long, tied up in a makeshift hair tie. Though I cannot see his eyes, I can see a portion of his face through the natural window light. It is a thin, strong looking face with high cheekbones and angular features. From what I can see, there is mud and grime deep in the pores of his skin.
I must say, I drifted off to sleep several times during the treatment (always a good sign) and positively floated back to my room afterwards. My lovely therapist, Amanda, gave me some great skincare advice and no hard sell products-wise, and couldn’t have done more to ensure that it was as relaxing as possible. Indeed, the whole spa set-up is designed to ensure that guests feel as pampered as possible: I was particularly impressed with the candle-lit relaxation room, where you can chill out before and after your treatment – which was every bit as luxurious as others that I’ve experienced in much swankier/more expensive hotels.
rootdev:/pseudo/vxio@0:0
“Honestly, I’ve wanted to give up a lot of times. But I worked hard. That’s the truth. Working on my mind control also helped me a lot. I think the reason why I managed to endure it during 7 years is because I believed I would succeed if I worked hard. I can’t ignore the help of my seniors in this company either.”
3. Nikolay Gogol “The Portrait”
We had help. Four footed help. A little yellow cat showed up one evening, obviously very pregnant, looking for a place to curl and, of course, a bit to eat. Having plenty of cat food at the house a half block away, I went up, got food, an armful of bed makins, an spare wicker basket and a water dish.
So. I warped River with 90 8 yard ends, 12 purple, and 26 each of the other colors. Each of those colors, except for the orange, were divided in half, so all of them bordered the orange equally. The orange was where I did all of the pick-up patterns.
We used a sticker system again, rewarding each 'success' with a "ticka" (their pronunciation of course) and it seemed to be the motivating factor. A simple little sticker. The joys of a child's innocent mind!!
… from George Orwell’s famous novel Nineteen Eighty-Four (pages 78 & 37)
Here is what we are doing:
Betel of Britain volunteers sang Christmas songs at Fargate today in order to collect money for the disadvantaged groups.
The committee was shown photographs of the structures being built in contrast to the piles of fly-tipped rubbish that had accumulated there.
It’s a belief held by all sane Malaysians.
From the comments I have read throughout the net it seems like around 50% actually get what they are told to they will get. It also seems like they have had some inside scamming themselves, people who claimed to be experts and were noting of the sort.
EDIT: I recently edited this blog post to update on Owen in honor of CHD (Congenital Heart Disease) Awareness Week, which is Feb. 7-14th. If you stumbled here from a CHD link, I want to thank you for reading our story and hope that you continue to share CHD awareness! Please check out The Faces of CHD on Pinterest to read more stories like Owen's.
3. We learn exactly why bow-ties are cool.
“I recognize that many Americans are tired of war,” Obama said. “I will not keep Americans in harm’s way a single day longer than is absolutely required for our national security. But we must finish the job we started in Afghanistan and end this war responsibly.”
BLACK FLY (above right)
Oh. I see from your account that you are not due for an upgrade until 07/12. But you can get a free replacement sim card in any O2 store or I can have one sent to your address. You will able to use this in most phones.
you could just go to Target, buy some ear plugs, go to Ashley Furniture, get a King size bed and call it a day. Both parties will be happier with the King size bed anyway.
Added YTD: 112 yards
There was something about it that just spoke to us. It was as if he’d written it knowing the questions we would ask had we thought of them. He knew what we’d find funny even though we’d never heard anything like it before. It was the unexpected twist in language such as saying a drink was like, “being hit over the head by a slice of lemon, wrapped round a large gold brick”.
A short article by the National Association of Social Workers (2004) explains the criteria needed for an effective news feature. The guide suggests initially writing out one sentence of the topic you have chosen. Being concise is important as it could be easy to stray from your specific topic, especially as you begin to discover more exciting information. It also suggests that you listen to and read as many news features about your topic as you can, trying to find an angle which has not been explored. To differentiate yourself work from countless other pieces on the same topic, chose an angle which is unique. The Long Island Serial Killer has been dominating the news stories since 2010 when the first of 10 subsequent bodies was discovered in Long Island, New York. Over time the news outlets were overflowing with news features about the profiles of the murder victims (mostly female, mostly prostitutes) and the aspect of the internet in the murders (it is suggested that the Long Island Serial Killer used the website Craigslist to arrange meetings with many of him victims.) However, one news feature stood out. IBTimes New York published a news feature in 2011, consulting the criminal profiler Dr. Mary Ellen O’Toole. The feature explored the mind of the serial killer. O’Toole gave her opinion about his habits, his age and his demeanour, suggesting that he has a natural ability to fit into a crowd and that he is probably well-spoken and well-dressed. The thought of a serial killer being unrecognisable in a crowd is a chilling thought and so the news feature did more to extend the knowledge of the crimes by divulging the psychological profile of the serial killer.
Now, you can go to your file system and find the Revoke file.
The two-star headquarters, which will oversee the training and readiness of five of the installation's 10 brigades, will fill an administrative layer between those units and I Corps. The division headquarters will not be deployable, McHugh said.
The Naked Soul in Transition
Excerpt: The dismembered remains of two Mexican photojournalists were discovered in Vera Cruz in Eastern Mexico by federal police (Federales) yesterday, making the total of news people murdered in that nation in the last ten years 70 men and women, according to a U.S. law enforcement official assigned to liaison duty in that war-torn nation.
There is quite a lot of resentment in Peru about the celebrations for the 100th anniversary of Bingham’s “discovery” which has involved much pomp, visits from major celebrities and spectacular events in the weeks leading up to the anniversary on 24th July. During Bingham’s subsequent visits to Machu Picchu between 1912 and 1915 he unearthed many artefacts, including ornaments, jewellery, tools, musical instruments and bone fragments, which he transported back to Yale University in crates for further examination. However, he didn’t find a single precious object made from gold or silver as might have been expected at such a prestigious Inca site. One explanation for this is that Machu Picchu had been visited before Bingham and that those visitors had taken away anything of value leaving behind artefacts of archaeological value only. This can also explain how such anachronistic items as horse bones, a peach stone and various steel implements were found at the site by Bingham’s researchers.
Like I said, this coleslaw was inspired by KFC. I've always liked how they prepared the coleslaw, so I wanted to make an imitation of theirs. I've browsed through the internet for recipes, and I was so surprised that there's a lot that came up as a result of my search. I compared a lot of the recipes that I found and noticed that most of them have similar ingredients, only the ratio varies just a tiny bit. So, I decided to make my own version.
After the ceremony lots of photos were taken and then we had quite a few hours to relax and recover before the reception so we decided to take bub and daughter R(7) home for a rest. This was lovely to have a few hours to freshen up and sit in the air con to get ready to celebrate the night away.
Cannot contain my lofty flight
Two teen delinquents team up to overcome obstacles and attend college despite their lifelong gang leader rivalry.
I used E6000 to attach the bale and found the beaded chain at a local store. The pics aren't great but they did turn our really pretty and glittery. And best of all, the girls loved them.
The Little Damn Stunties are pretty well developed. The team has a Minotaur with Break Tackle, 2 Dwarves with Guard, a Centaur with Block and the other Centaur with Block, Break Tackle, and Sure Hands, and one of the three Hobgoblins has block. His team had a spare Hobgoblin and 3 rerolls.
Flare lines just extend from the bottom of the dart to the bottom of the block. You can have more flare lines than this depending upon your design, but for this block we are sticking to the basic.
Having a communications plan for enrollment and offering ongoing support ensures participation and helps everyone appreciate the benefits. A plan that is not understood ends up being ineffective. Put in the time to make sure the plan is understood and valued by key employees to ensure they attain their wealth accumulation and protection needs.
But I think if I were a Spice Girl (“If I were a Spice Girl….na-na-na-na-na-na…”), I would probably be Sporty Spice. I am active. I find sports and all that pretty inspiring. I have lots of running shoes. I look forward to the Summer Olympics with anticipation. The stories behind the athletes make me feel like someday, given enough time and effort and better genes, I could compete on a world-class level. Maybe I could even medal.
"Penelope's Song" by Loreena McKennitt - Lovely poetry set to music.
In Bible days, Bible heroes were focused on operating as gods on earth. Take for instance Moses and Aaron. They lived as gods, particularly Moses. In Exodus 7:1-2, God told Moses that He had made him a god to Pharaoh. Who was Pharaoh? At this time, Pharaoh was virtually the ruler of the world. Can you imagine that such a king who was feared above other kings was to see Moses as a god? Even today it is still so. God’s saints have been empowered to be gods to the Pharaohs of this world. However, operating in the light of this revelation depends entirely on them. From the experience of Egypt, there was chaos, fear, trembling and lots of trouble whenever Moses came into the land to see Pharaoh. Can you imagine two men affecting and determining what happens with the administration, economy, security, agriculture, health, movement, food and drink, the lives of families and cattle of the nation of Egypt? And once Moses made a pronouncement to Pharaoh, irrespective of whether he believed it or not, his word was law and bound to happen. You too can control your nation as a god of this world by ensuring you carry God’s presence.
Ours is a house of nicknames. I knew it to be so when I was contemplating getting an Uberkate Circle necklace and my first two choices of names for each of my boys was not the name they were given at birth. True story. I had two nicknames each lined up before their actual Christian names. And I had not even depleted my supply of nicknames. I could have added at least one more each to the list.
Enter to win a copy of Jingle Dancer! To enter the giveaway, email me (scroll and click envelope) with your name and snail/street mail address and type "Jingle Dancer" in the subject line. Facebook, JacketFlap, MySpace, and Twitter readers are welcome to comment, RT, or privately message me with the title in the header; I'll write for contact information, if you win. Deadline: midnight CST April 11. Note: U.S. entries only; sponsored by HarperCollins.
“Our runway extension will allow aircraft to fly direct from China, bringing investment to the region, and giving airlines and passengers an alternative to battling with London’s congestion problems. We now need the UK Government to endorse Birmingham Airport, when it releases its Aviation Policy Review later this year, as a national airport that can offer a rapid and cost effective solution to the aviation gap.”
"May mercy and peace and love be multiplied to you." ~ Jude 1:2
9. Every Man Oughta Have A Woman
Turn oven to 350 and go run errands. Come back in 1 hour and remove. Let cool.
I have adored Marcia ever since working on her right-angle weave book. But I'd never spent any time with Maggie Meister. We became instant pals--she is an absolute delight. I also got to know Susan Kazarian, owner of the Beading Frenzy in San Mateo and co-producer of this event, who is just a doll...really savvy. Here's a photo of Susan with Marcia during one of the prize giveaways during class break:
So. It has been a rough few months, by few I mean since September. We have been challenged in all sorts of ways, whether it was work, school, church, moving, or whatever...it has been jam packed. On May 4th...all that stuff seemed to float away as we travelled for like 15+ hours to Hawaii for a grand vacation.
As she investigates the mysterious woman's flaming suicide, Kim comes to the attention of bookseller Fima, who hopes to initiate Kim into her cult. I much prefer this franchise when it's lopping the heads off've Nuns and pumping Santa full of lead. Fima woos Kim by giving her free books and inviting her to sinister picnics in the park. The slow burning story isn't a particularly interesting one, despite the best efforts of Yuzna and Howard. It has a creepy atmosphere and great background music, and is recognisable as a Yuzna film. It's not alternately known as Bugs for no reason, with plenty of foul insects about to add to the unpleasant atmosphere. There are some genuinely horrible bits involving massive slimy bugs and Clint Howard in a Clockwork Orange style rape mask. A gloopy, surreal nightmarish sequence in the middle of the movie actually manages to be the most creepy thing in the whole series.
Here's something that might come as a shock to most of you possibly ;). Of all my years of growing up, I've never really eaten pumpkin and didn't quite like sage. However, this changed when I ordered my very first Pumpkin, Sage and Feta Pasta some months back at this quaint little bistro down town.
Free Lewis Schaffer! Karen O.Novak
Best Friends clear mount set
The first basic colour mix consist in taking a green colour from a tube and altering it. A drop of Vermilion in a pure green will remove any acidity from the original colour and bring it to a more neutral shade (because green and red are complimentary colours). Experiment with other red colours, like Alizarin Crimson, as well as pink or orange hues and discover the range of muted greens you can obtain. To lighten a green, try to add some Yellow Ochre to it – rather than a yellow hue – to obtain more natural greens.
Beer Bread
I just realized that this is going to be a hard movie to describe because there’s no singular plotline to be seen. Well this movie is basically about a superficial high school girl named Cher Horowitz (Alicia Silverstone), who is pretty, popular, and rich. She’s friends with Dionne Davenport (Stacey Dash), who is roughly as pretty, popular, and rich. Cher lives with her father (Dan Hedaya) in Beverly Hills and is visited often by her ex-stepbrother Josh (Paul Rudd). First, Cher gets a mediocre grade on her report card and resolves to fix that by setting her teacher, Mr. Hall (Wallace Shawn), up with another teacher, Miss Geist (Twink Caplan). With that out of the way, she then decides to give a makeover to the new girl at school, Tai Frasier (Brittany Murphy). Tai seems to like a stoner named Travis (Brecken Meyer), but Cher sets her straight and steers her towards rich kid Elton (Jeremy Sisto). Elton doesn’t want Tai; he wants Cher, so that backfires. Cher starts going after a new kid whose wardrobe is stuck in the 50’s named Christian (Justin Walker), but it turns out he’s gay. Then a couple of other things and the end.
Vazquez Tacos - 915 East Braker Lane
Dip the jalapenos back into the milk, then into the crumbs. Dip the peppers back into the milk and then back into the crumbs. Make sure they are fully coated.
Flowering Crab Blossoms - after the rain
Holy guacamole! It's been a long time since I posted. Can we call it senioritis? Lots of stuff has been happening behind the scenes: 20 year High School Reunion this summer, vacation to the Pacific Northwest soon, lots of web projects at work, getting ready for the Sonoma County Hot Air Balloon Classic, covering for coworkers who are having babies, covering for coworkers who got new jobs, covering for coworkers who are trying to get into the police academy... and so on.
More recently, we have backed off our attempts to actively shape the way Pip approaches his relationship with Polly. While we still step in when we sense Pip is getting overbearing, we have mostly allowed their interactions to develop as they will. Fortunately, this seems to be working as, on a daily basis, there is more play and less bossing than before. I think much of the reason for this is Polly’s own developmental growth and her quickly expanding physical and linguistic capacities. Her increasing ability to keep up with Pip makes the power dynamics in their play more balanced which in turn is enabling the emergence of the kind of relational structures that we were initially trying to force upon Pip.
Happy gardening, and have a good week!
I left and felt physically ill on the way home. This is my life's call. To provide for the fatherless, the husband-less and the poor. And I knew that this was a beautiful collision set up for me to provide for two of God's beloved boys. And I failed. I am beyond gutted.
Both ends of this spectrum represent a fallacy to worship. In both instances, worship is something that is done for me, rather than something that is done for God, and subsequently our benefit.
And that, is a freedom worth
My Mom - You girls were so good and quiet during the mass today. I was so impressed because even I was so boring during the long long sermon. So boring.
I don't have a natural will--in that I have no family to naturally inherit my estate---but a friend of mine says that I should not make a will or I might die----
Build A Cottage
By the mid-1980s, our textbook included more detailed coverage of Vietnam; I had found an effective documentary and experimented with a couple of supplementary books; and I thought I understood at least the chronology of our involvement in Southeast Asia. I was finally “teaching the Vietnam War as history,” but I still felt that, by trying to adhere to the “standard of objectivity” imbibed in grad school, I had somehow reduced a conflict that consumed vast amounts of money and more than 58,000 American (and countless Vietnamese) lives to the level of interest of the War of 1812 or the Spanish-American War.
I enjoy reading Christopher Hitchens, the Anglo-American gadfly journalist, even when he gets it completely wrong. Here is an example. In his autobiography, Hitch-22, this is what he says about Israel:
And if this same premium is widely available at chain retail stores for $9.50 then ABC considers its value $9.50 even if it only cost $5 to manufacture and is listed in the promotion as an $8 value.
10 Straight Shooter
1.final glory
You know I never express how much I love living in Northern Virginia. Never ever. I never gush about how much there is to do here when I talk about fun weekends.
“The AI is top of the line. Developed right here in the Proton Centre of Excellence by local programmers, the neural network sits in a Cray-XK7 supercomputer with multiple-core processors,” said Khamil, proudly showing the processor-infused engine bay. “We spared no expense. We wanted the very best leader for Proton, one who could carry the weight of the nation’s expectations.”
WHY IT MATTERS: She can’t be a Christian unless she knows God exists, and that can’t just be based on feelings and community. An awareness of the scientific evidence shows a seriousness about spiritual things – that her belief is rooted in objective reality, not in subjective feelings, culture, community, etc. It’s not “her truth”, it’s “the truth”. If she doesn’t know why she believes, then she can’t be relied upon to make decisions as a Christian, especially in stressful situations. There is always going to be a conflict between doing what one feels like and doing what is consistent with reality. Having scientific facts helps a person to do what they ought to do.
And of course full of granny goodness...
Whenever we set a date for lunch, and I could almost guarantee that she would cancel five minutes before the appointed time. Sometimes I had turned down another tempting invitation because we already had a commitment. She would invite to meet for coffee, but never commit to a time until an hour beforehand. She said I had no sympathy for how busy her life is! Busy! Ahem, I am also busy. I invited her to a concert, purchasing advance tickets when she responded in the positive. When I arrived to pick her up for the concert (about a 45-minute drive away), she declined to go. Hello!!! Could you have given me a little notice? Now I'm stuck with this second ticket and shlep alone to yet another concert.
I looked into his blue eyes.
As I pack my bags with high end cigarettes and low end plastic travelers of liquor....I am reminded of the freedom that travel masquerades diligently. So far, in my life it is an illusion of freedom indeed---but I like it anyway. Though for now, I have to come back for shows, family, friends, real estate and obligations...I long for a time in the future when I do not. Have to come back.
Granted, I do occasionally get to cross out items on my to-do list but I’ve come to realize that some lists aren’t meant to be completed. I have journals from my college days that list out ‘things to look forward to’, people to see, gifts to make. Although they’re no longer relevant, I can’t bear to throw them away. Just like my journals, they’re a part of me and throwing them away would mean throwing away part of my history.
The event was the most formative of David’s childhood, its physical manifestations taking the form of a peculiar gait that followed him into adulthood, the psychic ones so deeply engrained you couldn’t reach them with a red hot knitting needle and a mason hammer. Ever since then he had been trying to reach that pinnacle of the ecstatic and for him the key was to be found In the life and deeds of lord Richard of Stickfordshire. His father had died of what was said to be the pox but was largely suspected to be the prolapsing of the anus. His mother followed soon after under mysterious and gruesome circumstances which were not so gruesome and mysterious to David. Now that he was the head of the household he could finally fulfill his destiny.
3- In this recipe I used leaves to stuff, in this case (using leaves) we have to prepare leaves first before stuffing, by preparing water simmering on low heat, change the water for every leave type don't use the same water for cabbage and grape leaves to let each keeps its taste. Also use 1/2 tsp cumin in the cabbage water and 1 tsp of dried mint in grape leaves water, put the appropriate quantity of leaves so the cover the surface of the water for 3 to 4 minutes approx. and repeat till finish.
The Boy
Thunder Road 6:42
There are several jumping options to choose from – you can fall forwards or backwards, jump with another person, or for the more daring, somersault. And then there are the water touch options – you can stay dry and bob above the water, touch it, or be completely immersed. I opted for the fall forwards/water touch option and stressed that I only wanted to touch the water with my hand and not my head. “No worries Jen.”
"In recent weeks, intelligence operatives have arrested 14 squirrels within Iran's borders," state-sponsored news agency IRNA reported. "The squirrels were carrying spy gear of foreign agencies, and were stopped before they could act, thanks to the alertness of our intelligence services."
This was the first time the Vendy Awards had a Rookie of the Year category, and it had some of my personal favorite types of food, schnitzel (who won-see my post on the winners) and BBQ.
2. Combine remaining 2 3/4 teaspoons cornstarch, remaining 1 tablespoon soy sauce, and chicken in a medium bowl; toss well to coat.
If I had to narrow it all down to one reason why this has been such an incredible ride so far, the reason would be that I believe in the experience and tools OurPangea wants to bring to its users. I believe in the idea of community and I believe in creating a space where users are always in a position to make new friends. Sure, most of the tools we have today allow us to build our network connections, but OurPangea really got my attention when they proposed creating a place where users could continually cultivate meaningful, lasting relationships.
Have you guessed my reused items? The plastic netting is from a bag of garlic, and the green-and-white patterned "paper" for the flowers is the backing of Scotch foam tape! You can see the tiny "TM" on it...I guess in case it stands for "The Mother", ha ha!
If you are going through a difficult time let them know. Whether it is an urgent need or a praise, they would be honored to hear from you and pray for you. Simply follow this link and fill out the request form. All e-mails are read. Know that someone will personally pray for you.
Behaviour of people is often instinctive and part of a habit. But when it is observed and written down, opportunities may be uncovered.
So before you judge me or anyone else, GET TO KNOW THEM.
When I entered the store, the 4 tables of the bakeshop are full of Thai families which is a good start for the newly opened store (I think they opened only beginning of this month). Some spaces of the mall hasn’t opened yet.
But what do YOU think?
I think if Bobby didn’t know Freddie, he may have just beaten him up because of his long hair. Bobby hated hippies, freaks, the un-employed, the protesters, and the left-wingers. I think you get the picture. Yet together they were our own "Curtis Sliwa and Ron Kuby" right on East 4th street. Just arguing about everything and taking opposite sides on any subject. And of course Bobby’s solution for everything if conversation and debate didn’t work was to just “kick their asses” Most of Bobby’s stories were about his adventures driving his tow truck for Al and Leo. And usually when he was the first person to get to some horrible accident somewhere before the cops.
I now firmly believe that the awe and wonder most people feel upon seeing their first glimpse of the ruins of Machu Picchu is really the feeling of simple relief that they made it up alive in the first place.
The sticky stuff is called honeydew, it’s actually excretions from the aphids and it’s sweet and delicious if you’re an ant – so that’s what they’re doing. Sometimes ants will “farm” aphids, carrying them up into a plant to provide a source of honeydew, clever little buggers they are!
Husband uttered the unthinkable last night – Benedict Cumberbatch might even be a better Holmes than Jeremy Brett.
As a result, images look ethereal and dreamlike, tinted with strange, inverted colors. "It makes normal environments we're used to look different," he says. "I think it looks a bit like winter but still feels like spring or summer. Like another planet.""
I was only gone for 20 minutes---that motel was still rocking---there was a low sound of the moaning of satisfaction---so I dashed up to our room.
So, that’s what I’ve been up to.
Maqluba is a famous Arabic dish, specially a Palestinian dish, it's often pronounced as Maalouba or Maglouba, it's an Arabic name which means (upside-down) because it's served upside-down, the main ingredients in this dish are rice, cooked meat and fried eggplant, and it could be made with any kind of meat like chicken, lamb, or beef, and also any kind of fried vegetable with or without eggplant, like potatoes, cauliflower, or carrots. This dish is really valuable and really delicious. We first cook the meat, and fry the vegetables, then start cooking the dish.
The place I want to be more than anything is my home. Even Ju Ju tells me we should move back to Hawaii because she loves food there (LOL) and I can be close to my mom and sisiter. She tells me it's okay to say goodbye to her friends because she knows that's where we are be the happiest... But right now, I take the second best place - Florida.... I'm just not ready to lose what I have come to love. Again. Family is important. No doubt about it. But I'm just not ready to feel the sadness of saying goodbye to all the people I call my friends and famly now. I did that six years ago and I'm too scared to do it again... Am I being selfish? I don't know..
We had to let the stained-glass parrot go.
Omigbodun closely observes the deteriorating status of our nation and thereby brings it out with the use of characters like Teacher, Mama Feyisara, Oluwadami, and Seun.
Sir Gigglebee the Bold brandished his sword and charged Sir Lame of Nowhere.
straight stitching – short
Give me the remote control, fuck you, loser, asshole, I hate you, I don't care, you chose the last show, fuck you, loser, asshole. Something along those lines.
‘We have endeavoured to depart from the external, the superficial, endeavoured to forget social origin, class, profession, fortune, education, capital and everything that separates men, in order to reach that which binds them together.’
However, whilst people are often attracted to your spirited personality, this is a month when your sparkling personality can also gain you many new greedy admirers and 'friends' in strange new, and perhaps quite unpleasant environments.
As many readers will doubtless be aware, Frederick II of Prussia turned 300 this year. I was asked to write a piece on his relationship to opera for OPERA magazine. The article appeared in its 'Festivals' edition and is reproduced below.
Morey AL, Keeling JW, Porter HJ, Fleming KA. Clinical and histopathological features of Parvovirus B19 infection in the human fetus. Br J Obstet Gynaecol 1992; 99: 566-574.
laughing at what would be.
I went to this festival last year and I really had a great time. I watched some of my now-favorites for the first time in the festival, like Zitten and Daybreak. I even have to say that this festival did not disappoint me that much compared to its sister festival in fall, Grand Mint Festival. I think the only problem is the location, Goyang City, which takes around 1hr by subway to reach which means that is quite a long time.
She better not pull any shit with me tonight cuz it’s Saturday and Elton gives me his blessing to take her DownTown! Or if she’s especially mean and calls me a whore I’m gonna go over and boogie, John Travolta-style, all over her face!
"When you’re a startup, you’re not as concerned about the account management because you don’t have clients yet. Your product is the No. 1 priority. There are different mindsets in the different worlds."
And He arose and rebuked the wind and said to the sea, Hush now! Be still (muzzled)!
With summer fast approaching, a lot of people I know are stressing about their bodies. Maybe they want to be “bikini ready” (whatever that means), or are going home for the summer and seeing friends or family for the first time in months or more. Or, I would argue, maybe their friends are doing some major body snarking.
All those prayers are most certainly helping!
This is how our despicable cynic of a Prime Minister got out of jail during Emergency PMQs yesterday:
The lights come on. I blink. Again.
Under the Sea Birthday Party!
After I cleaned stalls and put the ponies to bed, I got my measuring tape out and measured the jump. It was 3'7.5". While I don't think he will be winning any freejump competitions, he seems to be bold, have scope, doesn't like to touch wood and adjusts for his mistakes. I'll take it!
“I actually stayed in the home the whole time,” he said. “I definitely did not pursue him.”
sadly, the answer is no.
So here's a run down of some of what we tried:
And I've mentioned before... Meditation, Relaxation therapies ARE So Effective, I never realized until I started researching and trying different methods to see what worked best for me... (again everyone is different in what works for them, but at least try.)
He loving gaze fell on her cat bed. ” I still feel her warm presence.”
Of course, you could always go the easy route and just not drop your phone in the toilet in the first place. 'Cause, let's be honest, even if you DO go the hard route of trying to unseat me from my World's Biggest Dumbass throne, I will have already done something else to renew my tenure as the Queen of All Stupidity by then. So, VEGsters, I guess what I am saying (rather verbosely,) is do yourselves a favour and don't even bother trying. Believe me, it's worth it in the long run.
I am intending to still submit my adult SF work to traditional markets and my SF shorts to the likes of Asimov’s magazine, etc.
And because we saved some money we could finally buy new stuff!
I posted a piece about the A-1 women’s baseball team awhile back. You can see it here. You can also visit A-1 Beer Prints for a great history of A-1 beer. My last recollection of A-1, is drinking it warm out of cans that sported images of famous figures in western history. I think the mountain man Bill Williams was on the can I last had – wish I’d saved that can.
-He chose ME before the world was created.
Every society holds fresh jugs of esoteric knowledge.
But the PS3?
Oh yeah, had a good question. I use ctmh daisy white cardstock. Stampin Up whisper white is fine too. There are expensive rough papers for colored pencil techniques but if you are looking for a nice smooth copic marker look you want smooth paper. The trick is to buy GOOD QUALITY white cardstock. Don’t cheap out here. You want it to be at LEAST 80lbs with good sizing. Sizing is something they coat the paper with to give it a nice smooth surface so that pigments don’t soak in to quickly. If your paper is cheap anything you put on it will soak right in and look uneven. Cheap paper feels rough and looks rough. Good paper is smooth with a nice sheen to it. Digital images print better on them and have smoother edges. On cheap paper the image looks rough or burred.
Time and anticipation are strange things. I look at the same moon that I saw rise over the theatre much earlier tonight. Faces from the crowd are imprinted in my final memories of a franchise that was so much more than just a franchise to me. The last film cannot be compared fairly to the last book but when compared to the other films it is right up there with Alfonso’s Prisoner in style, tone and character development and is truly epic according to nearly every review I’ve read (and I’ve consumed dozens).
I'm sold. I'll pay $28 bucks for a manicure that lasts that long!
We are having fun with this event and would love to have you join us in Curry-Palooza, which is still a new project. As each person joins, they get to choose the recipe, in the order they join. Just let me know, or let Grapefruit know.
The only answer given reads thus: “Focusing on an individual keeps things simple for the media and makes it easier to connect with people, but we went too far.”
Turns out, the office manager had gone to the warehouse (a walk across a street) and had announced that I “needed to get laid”. They were there, waiting to see if I would ask one of them home. Seriously. Nope. Not a joke. I was livid.
They sat in silence for a few moments. Connor slowly pulled himself together.
when people touched the sucking void beyond,
J has never made me feel tied down. He has been the most loving, supportive, wonderful partner and husband that I could ever have wanted, needed or imagined.
Park Ha arrives at the Rooftop no later than what must be 4am to find Yi Gak standing outside looking at the world. She confronts him about the engagement, demanding to know what happened. He tells her to mind her business and she reminds him of his reason for leaving Joseon. She wants to know how he plans to return home and he’s so overwhelmed with emotion that he grabs and hugs her.
But Mathira's feminist slutting becomes more contradictory and paradoxical when you view it within the larger context of a patriarchal, capitalist economy and its hyper consumerists mindset. Women who want to be like them will want to consume make-up, plastic surgery, designer labels and hand bags.
Living this new life sucks. I don't want to adjust to my life without you when I had planned to adjust to you in it. I want to be changing your diapers, giving you baths, rocking you to sleep and singing to you. You never realize just how precious those things are until you don't have the chance to do them. Most of all I wish you could've gotten to be with our family. No matter how many more babies we have we will NEVER be complete without you and while we are learning to live with that we will never accept it or be okay with it because it doesn't feel right.
See what Barnard has to day on this subject:
While spending his time raising money for the destruction of the West (he was once caught with £170,000 in cash, including £850 on an envelope with the less-than-enigmatic words “For the Mujahedin in Chechnya” on the front), he was happy to receive £400 a week in government benefits – £322 for housing and £70 for disability.
Not only did scientists find they could make the mice ‘resistant to obesity’ but the study showed they could treat many of the other aspects of abnormal metabolism such as the struggle to lower cholesterol and improve glucose handling in these animals.
The Commission proposes an across-the-board portability obligation, but has not analysed the impact of that proposal, nor whether there are specific market failures warranting such an intrusive economic regulation. If the Commission had done a market analysis, it would have found that even in the field of social networking, the market is evolving quickly and that regulation is no doubt premature. Google + makes data portability a commercial argument to attract customers away from Facebook. In other industries (eg. banking in certain Member States), data portability may be a good idea to increase competition, but a privacy regulation is the wrong vehicle to use to address this issue.
I have just finished cooking my second batch of Pineapple Jam and can't wait to bake another batch of closed tarts.
But after eating this, I knew it would be unfair to not share this with you immediately. I already held on to the recipe for far too long after seeing it over here.
Jackson Meyer is hiding a secret. He can time-travel. But he doesn't know how he does it, how to control it or what it means. When Jackson, and his girlfriend Holly, find themselves in fatal danger, Jackson panics and catapaults himself two years into his past, further than he's ever managed before, and this time he can't find a way back to the future. All the rules of time-travel he's experienced so far have been broken and Jackson has no choice but to pretend to be his younger self whilst he figures out a solution. Jackson is tearing himself apart with guilt and frustration, wondering if Holly survived. He's also become the target of an unknown enemy force and it seems even his dad is lying to him. Jackson is racing against time to save the girl he loves, but to do that he must first discover the truth about his family and himself. And stay alive.
We are back home. Now we are really all overwhelmed with the amount of clutter we have here. Now, especially, since we are going to be getting Kai's kitten very soon.
Would it have been justified?
If black is in fact the absence of colour or light, then silence is the black of the auditory realm. Quiet you can hear, but this was the complete and utter absence of anything – and I can’t stress that enough. Very occasionally you could head a distant moo of cattle or squark of a pheasant, but that only heightens the lack of sound the rest of the time. Nothing happening, the world just Is. It lifts everything from your shoulders, the world is put on pause… it’s wonderful.
So she started in right at the tail.
If u want to decorate then after finishing frying add one tsp of crushed chilly to the oil and just fry and drain them and pour it to the top of the chicken …It will look awesome…. So the very tasty and easy chicken fry is ready to serve …….
Our sources are working hard to bring the latest on this breaking news story.
Thanks for playing and have a wonderful Christmas!
Lay another piece of greaseproof paper over a cooling rack and lightly dust with caster sugar.
We drink a lot of water. Wow.
The condemnation is brought upon ourselves if we reject what is offered.
And with bin Laden dead we need a new “bogeyman” so now have one Ibrahim Hassan al-Asiri, who is being credited with Mensa caliber intelligence and a mind even more devious and evil than bin Laden; our new “enemy number one” who is endlessly dreaming up new and dangerous ways to “attack the homeland.”
If you have believed and received and abide in Christ.
Mary Katherine is caught between the traditions of her faith and the pull of a different life. When Daniel, an Amish man living in Florida, arrives and shares her restlessness, Mary Katherine feels drawn to him and curious about the life he leads away from Lancaster County.
On My First Son by: Ben Jonson (1572-1637)
A cafeteria line in Chicago
OSS browser
now a whole separate post is needed for the "story" this dance tells.... look at HER face...and look at his! completely different commitments to the relationship....she trys to keep him out, trys not to let him get under his skin and he keeps pulling her in, until she is completely invested, trusting, immersed and blinded by her devotion to the feelings in her heart, she lets him get "under her skin," while he, once he gets her, remains careless and unattached, he gets by on brute strength, never needing to show a true feeling.......
And that’s all there is to it.
Cricut Craftroom
A total of £2,500 of taxpayers’ cash was spent on clearing a site in Wednesfield last May after nine caravans set up camp at the junction of Planetary Road and Wednesfield Way.
However, the major shareholder in the Hong Kong arm of the Borion Group is not Ngui, but another company called Silvermark Consultants Ltd.
After long anticipation the iPhone application “Sparrow” was released with a disappointing limitation through Apple’s restrictions: Users are not notified of new mails if the application is not running. The jailbreak tweak “Sparrow Push” enables this functionality using IMAP idle and makes Sparrow a complete replacement for the stock mail client on the iPhone.
A week later my parents, Heidi and Tom, arrived for a 6 week trip after hiking the Camino de Santiago de Compostela, an ancient pilgrimage route – 500 miles from the South of France across the length of northern Spain. Wow! They had a wonderful journey. Here’s a link to Tom’s blog.
Wow I seem to be on a roll this week. Feeling so better now I can craft again! This weeks challenge over at Allsorts challenge blog is Black and White.
While Levitz was extremely active on Twitter before and during the vandalism incident, he has not posted anything on the social networking site since April 13.
Although the rooms showcasing the army dorms, which the building was used for after the family left are a touch less stylish.
I'm really getting tired of people at work with nothing to do. It seems like it's perfectly fine for them to interrupt those of us who are actually working and actually have things to do just because they're bored. They're too busy shopping on E-Bay to do what we asked her to do, but it's perfectly OK for her to come downstairs and run her mouth and get up in everyone's shit and then get annoyed with us because we don't respond. I'm going to have to start brining earplugs or listening to the iPod at maximum volume so I can tune everyone who isn't someone I work close with out. I can't wait until the big boss comes back, then everyone will calm down and act like the adults I know they are supposed to be.
- Excerpt from unpublished story (untitled)
This time she chooses
I honestly feel great compared to last time. So good that she was born Friday in the AM and we left the hospital Sat before noon. We just wanted to be home and ready to start our life as a family of four.
My Tarot Cards and doing readings
The one thing I’m pretty confident about is SVU is back at 10p. I assume NBC will finally try to give this show a decent, more compatible lead. If they do greenlight a number of multi camera comedies, Wed might be a good place for 2 of them as there are none represented here and they did do decently with Whitney by itself. I really don’t think they’ll attempt to put comedies, even multi cams, at 9. The comedy audience is so well served with Modern Family. I think they might go for a new drama. Earlier in the year I would have suggested moving Grimm here. It has a devoted audience, and is counter programming to everything else in the hour and skews younger, but at this point I think it stays on Fri. Could they possibly air Chicago Fire here, which is different enough from Criminal Minds and comes from Dick Wolf and will probably be the most compatible lead to his own SVU? Yes it will likely come in 4th but it could still do a 2.0 and come in 4th and NBC would happily take a 2.0 at 9 which will also give SVU its best lead in its had in a long time. Another option might be a one hour The Biggest Loser at 9 which should give them a 2.0 against tough competition and keeps them from sacrificing a new drama there. I’m gonna guess that NBC airs their two best new multi cams at 8p. Maybe Lady Friends and Table For Three - two female led, adult, multi camera comedies which will contrast with the family oriented single cams on ABC.
D. He / She Mocks Sin 14:9
The wackiness of Opal's character and the overall unlikeliness of an alien arrival is countered by these characters who behave in realistic and understandable ways, allowing us to suspend disbelief and enter Opal's world. The plot itself is also believable, and Martha's issues with friends will be familiar to many readers. This aspect of the plot is the heart of the story and has a valuable message without being didactic or clumsy.
Pizza is my most favorite food. Ever. Of all. Even more than apples which are my favorite fruit. And even more than licorice, my favorite candy. And just so you know Hot Lips in Portland is the best place to eat pizza.
Now, the original group of scientist who made the initial claim then responds to this abstract with another abstract of their own, called, Serious doubts over “Eggs Forever?” In this abstract the researchers categorically state:
A few minutes later, we walked over to the rose arbor which was filled with climbing roses. We sat on a bench, holding hands and talking for about 15 minutes.
1. People with higher number of moles tend to live longer than people with lesser number of moles.
Whitney Mercilus, DE/LB, Illinois
It was eight o’clock in the evening and I was doing my rounds in the brooder, caring for the baby chicks, while Nate was doing his rounds with the older broilers outside. I could hear the wind picking up and remember saying to the little chicks, “Be glad you’re safe and cozy in
Can't watch cartoons without the Bob the Builder Helmet, Ben 10 Omnitrix and Boxer Shorts!! lol
The handy guide I've linked to will give you a rough idea.
Perhaps the ability to live socially (e.g. combine webs and not kill one-another) lies dormant in many species, as demonstrated by this massive Web fount in Texas. Texas A&M entomologist Allen Dean found most spiders were in the Tetragnathidae family, but he found species from 11 other families in the web, with species including: funnel web weavers, sac spiders, orb weavers, mesh web weavers, wolf spiders, pirate spiders, jumping spiders and long-jawed orb weavers. Three such webs were built in the park that season, and Dean speculate that they emerged from the right conditions of plentiful rains and over-abundant food supplies (4). A report of the incident was written up in the journal Southwestern Entomologist.
This is the caliber of soldier that the United States and its military produces, the American that the president seems to have forgotten about for almost three years.
So if someone asks, "why did you marry him?" you respond, "because I didn't have the benefit of hindsight." If someone asks, "what did you learn about yourself?" you can say that you're learned that a heartbreak doesn't actually kill you. If they ask what mistakes you've learned not to make again, you can respond that you certainly won't marry him again! And you can even say, "it wasn't my fault. It was his."
Mardi Gras celebrations are known for extravagant parties, parades, beads, mayhem – and masks, liberating revelers to anonymously partake in the day’s festivities. Figurative masks, however, in everyday life can severely impair our sense of emotional wellness.
Flyer Tuck -- eh
With that in mind, I think with the design sensibility all you clever bloggers have, you could take the humble restaurant style chair and doll it you like the one from Neiman Marcus pictured at the beginning of this post that sells for $1600. each!
Still raining here so more sewing to catch up on. I have written about 1000 words of my book today, so I think it is good to balance that out with some creative soul-food.
Russ: “All right! You’ve made the effort now...”
Three judges, chosen annually by the directors of the PEN/Faulkner Foundation, select four finalists and one winner from among the more than 350 submitted works by American authors published in the U.S. during the 2011 calendar year, making this the largest peer-juried award in the country. This year’s judges were Marita Golden, Maureen Howard, and Steve Yarbrough.
Now....I must tell you
And yet, did you know that a formal 'communication model' was never really laid out until around 1948? I didn't, not until all of this happened. Not until I started researching more about communication as a sort of 'hobby', you might say.
the leaves are starting to fall,
I love to sleep - my fave pass time.. my family calls me sleeping beauty I love animals (note: creepy crawlies not included) I watch a lotta cartoons on Disney Channel my fave being Kim Possible, Phineas & Ferb, Scooby Doo, Johnny Bravo.. I like to write when I'm sad or happy.. Lightens the mood when I've poured it all out on paper or computer :p I do not believe in religion but believe in a relationship with Jesus.. I like tech stuff & gadgets (computers, cell phones,etc) a lil more than the average girl and i take pride in that. :) I like shopping for shoes more than clothes I read a lil TOO DEEP into all kinds of things i.e. I think A LOT!
I wanted to learn more about our closest star, that source and sustainer of all life on our planet. So I’m making the sun the subject of this review.
K.V. Briar tagged me in a meme and I am in love with this one! The meme is to think of a metaphor for writing. KV likened her writing to blowing on dandelion fluff, which I think is a beautiful metaphor.
Allow the liquid to bubble up, then continue cooking until it's reduced by at least half
She of the infamous Mr. & Mrs. Redneck, the ones who have provided humorous fodder for me, both written and anecdotally, because if you don’t laugh at a situation like theirs it’s too depressing to contemplate. The last status report from the state of their union came a couple months ago when he proudly stated he didn’t give a damn what she thought or said about it; he’s not leaving until the kids they have now are grown and gone. I guess that means he just bought himself another eighteen years, give or take. Maybe he’s smarter than I’ve given him credit for, what with a sperminating insurance policy like that.
*Gestures, in medium shot, towards well-lit jewelry display case, in which SUBJECT is fondly rummaging about*
Managing Director, Eleventh Hour
V. The teacher as mentor.
And I remembered why I write, despite how painful it is. I love the planning, the figuring out, the tweaking. I love having a character take up residence in my head, having it become real to me. I love creating a new world, even if — especially if — it is simply a reflection of the world that exists outside my window. I love finding the perfect word. I love having it all come together into a cohesive whole.
EXT. GILLINGHAM TRAIN STATION – 12 O’CLOCK
a prejudicial view of what "commitment" to this country might entail.
The report, screened on the main evening news of Channel 10, was remarkable both in terms of the access granted to the reporter, who said he had spent weeks with the pilots and other personnel he interviewed, and in the fact that his assessments on a strike were cleared by the military censor.
Some might offer different readings at different prices. This should only be a choice of two - psychic or mediumistic. Psychic is akin to fortune telling and works using energy of the person or object held, whilst a mediumistic reading is connecting with the spirit world (this will usually also incorporate a bit of psychic work too). The prices charged should still not exceed the guidelines I’ve already given as many will try to say they are doing all sorts of wondrous things to justify high charges; they will often say they are connecting in a special way – this again is nonsense and ego talking. All mediums connect with the spirit world and none is better than another – just different.
Tomato, 1 pc, cut into slices
Victor hates his life. He's relentlessly bullied at school and his parents ridicule him for not being perfect. He's tired of being weak, so he takes a bottle of his mother's sleeping pills -- only to wake up in the hospital.
She laughed. Bingo. But then another pause, so I had to go on.
1 draw
Things have been hoppin at our house as we are adding two decks and a garage this spring, my daughter is a senior and we have all that stuff to enjoy and my nephew is getting married (holy cow am I getting old). My daughter and I attended his fiance's wine themed bridal shower this past weekend and I wanted to show the card and wine bottle deco I made.
Short Story – By Paulo Coelho “Warrior of the Light – Volume 3″
- The new policy strongly discourages (though does not explicitly forbid) teachers from engaging in any casual conversation with students regarding any subject that is not related to that which they teach. Current events, politics, family matters, and even sports, are all off-limits. So I can no longer commiserate with students who share my love of the Boston Red Sox, for example, or ask a student about his summer vacation plans. Essentially, I am discouraged from talking to my students about anything except the subject I teach. The justification for this policy change is that such casual conversations blur the boundaries of authority and can foster "friendship" between students and teachers. And apparently some people feel that teachers and students can't and shouldn't be friends (or even friendly). I suspect it's also aimed at discouraging teachers from expressing their opinions to students regarding controversial issues. We wouldn't, after all, want our kids exposed to the reality that people have different opinions and the fact that everyone has a right to theirs, would we? Never mind the fact that a little discretion and good judgement on the part of teachers is, and should be, kind of a prerequisite for the job.
My heartbeat slams against the walls of my temporary home and reverberates through my head. My body is bloated and uncoordinated.
I feel I need to be honest here. Basically, well.. I've never liked Joss Whedon.. So I don't honestly care when he kills off his own characters. He can kill off as many Buffy characters or Firefly characters as he likes. I never got into Buffy, Angel, Serinity, Dollshouse or any of his other series. I don't care about Cabin the woods or his run on Spider-man. I simply dislike the guy, his writing style, his penchant for including random show tunes, and most importantly I dislike the feel of his work. I liked Avengers in spite of Joss Whedon, not because of him. (I feel exactly the same way about everything Tim Burton has done since Batman).
That night right before falling asleep, that lovely twilight when all things are calm and peaceful and floaty?
Thick shadows across our face,
Their opposition is based on an inaccurate understanding of obedience to the pope. It is, perhaps, a well-meant obedience, which could be traced to the ultramontane obedience of the last century, which in those days was good because the popes were good. However, today, it is a blind obedience, which has little to do with a practice and acceptance of true Catholic faith.
Wiccan Healing Team
These were some inspiration laundry rooms we've been going back to as we design our layout.
baptized.
I trust that the Metropolitan Police will take a few moments off from their pursuit of those who damaged the vehicle and demonstrate, by bringing criminal charges if justified by the facts, that our future King and his wife are not above the law .
Eli (age 7) now peers down the pink aisle of the toy store with disdain… but, as his mother, I can feel its draw for him, under the surface of his carefully cultured contempt. I can feel the longing. Not necessarily longing to BE a girl–in fact, I know he doesn’t want to BE a girl. He just wants the freedom to be what he is, to be interested in whatever interests him, to not have to worry that he will call down shame upon himself for wondering if there might be cool toys down *that* aisle as well.
Next, take the bowl with the honey, yolk, and apple cider vinegar and fold/pour into the frothy egg white bowl and mix
i wish i had more time, or at was at least a better writer.
One of the stand out tracks on Dead Sara's new release is We Are What You Say, an up-tempo song with a massive hook that's just undeniably - catchy. The song is no slouch, however. It rocks, and I think this song should've been the album's first single, as opposed to Weatherman.
Yesterday, our Meatless Monday meal was delicious. So good, in fact, my arm hurts from patting myself on the back.
I was talking with some friends about crazy stuff they did after a breakup, and heard some great stories. It seems that almost everyone has at least one incident in their past of which they’re not proud. One friend ended up sleeping with more than 20 people after her ex, including a few of his very close friends. Another friend continued to check his voice mail (she had the password – and he didn’t know it) for months and months after the break up, and took the liberty of deleting any voice mails from other girls. One friend broke into her ex’s house, and went through his new girlfriend’s things (and came close to stealing or breaking some of her stuff!). Other friends lashed out by getting various piercings and tattoos immediately after their breakups. And, others are a lot more tame, and just dramatically changed their hair by dying it or chopping it all off. And let’s just be honest here, we’re all guilty of Facebook stalking a time or two!
My angle, however nit-picking it might be, is this – its pretty crazy to have unauthorised random armed people involving themselves in street battles against a complex insurgent attack. I’m sure there are already enough friendly-fire incidents as it is. It reflects badly upon the Afghan security services and the ISAF forces mentoring them. At best it is a humorous distraction, at worst it can get people killed.
I encourage people to play with the landscape of nonduality. Start Facebook groups, in-person meetings, write books, write emails, write blogs and don’t feel you have to incorporate the current crop of nonduality teachers into your world. Find people and subjects that interest you and show us how they express the teaching of nonduality. Maybe your subjects are carpenters, hikers, bricklayers, parents, watch makers, who knows? Create your world and in that way the world of nonduality will keep expanding.
Mat 7:21-23 NET. “Not everyone who says to me, ‘Lord, Lord,’ will enter into the kingdom of heaven — only the one who does the will of my Father in heaven. (22) On that day, many will say to me, ‘Lord, Lord, didn’t we prophesy in your name, and in your name cast out demons and do many powerful deeds?’ (23) Then I will declare to them, ‘I never knew you. Go away from me, you lawbreakers!’
Rudolph's Shiny New Year ... ABC Family ... 12 AM
to bless hands
Where’s the family who once occupied it?
I guess it's a philosophical difference -- sort of like the petrified politics of the U.S. Congress.
-Courtesy of Independent Lens
Still goin strong on his comeback from a brief retirement stint, San Diego MC Blame One drops a new tape for his fans to check for that features a bunch of older new and unreleased music...
1 despite
Christchurch Central MP Nicky Wagner spoke on winning the unwinnable before Canterbury/Westland and Southern split for our regional AGMs.
WHY FULFORD?
Now there's a nice thought for the weekend, eh?
So back to the paper, pencil, and typewriter (yes, I was in college a long, long, time ago!). Draft number three.
I wish I could bring everyone with me who loves to cook and bake, especially those who keep a gluten-free diet. This shop is amazing. They have just about every flour known to man. And a huge selection of exotic spices, like African Red Bird pepper. I bought a jar mainly because of the name. It's hot as hades. Not sure what to do with it yet, but I'll figure it out. It's fun making new culinary discoveries.
I choose to have an excellent memory with clear and easy recall, to God’s glory in Christ Jesus! Amen!
When everything is going pear shaped you have two choices. You walk away or you give yourself a good shake and get on with it. Admitting to yourself that not all is as it should be is a beginning. The doing something about it is the tricky bit but, I really haven't been happy with a lot of the work I've been doing. I guess my heart just hasn't been in it, you wouldn't believe the amount of stuff that I've trashed. So it's back to the beginning for me, sketching and doodling, working up ideas, getting my heart pumping again.
one,two,three...pause...one, two...pause...one, two, three....
This person's favorite book is (I think it was ??)Snow Beast" (... only that book doesn't exist...)
Urine that will be taken orally should never be heated or boiled. On the other hand, some advocates suggest that boiled urine is best for massage purposes. Boiling should be done in a stainless steel pot.
KIM: Doc?
The bud of a flower or tree...as we see Spring bringing forth new life.
The first stile I remember seeing was in a rural, oak-tree-darkened part of Texas where there were dead armadillos and acorns on the ground. We were visiting a friend of my moms, and I was a little girl, maybe four or five. The stile was like the stairs up to a trailer house, but went up and down. They were regular stair height, with hand rails, and a landing on top. Probably three or four steps on each side, perfectly symmetrical.
This is what happens when you have an unregulated market. The weak are enslaved by the strong. The strong make up reasons to justify it so that they can look in the mirror and sleep at night. But the situation remains the same. This is what capitalism looks like, when it’s not manipulated and controlled: the brute and pathetic economy of handwritten cards in newsagent windows and strips of bacon hanging from a sill in plastic bags.
“In the last 15 years, craft brewing has gone from one percent of the overall beer market to almost six percent in 2011,” said Paul Gatza, director of the Brewers Association. “We attribute a large part of that growth to the many talented brewers who are providing beer lovers with more beer style and flavor choices than ever before.”
“Not your business or mine, boy. You just get rid of that bag and get quiet behind that pillar. Van Raighan’ll be here any minute.”
Toast 1/4 cup sunflower seeds in skillet, stirring constantly. Set aside to cool.
Aluko, who has been a consistently strong performer for Rangers through this troubled period, danced past the United defence before supplying a fierce finish. Aluko had Rangers three ahead within 20 minutes with another individual effort; on that occasion, the visiting defence was incredibly slow in offering any form of challenge.
This may seem a very verbose way of stating an obvious truth, but our actions and attitudes often overlook that human faithfulness can often times produce bad results. We're not accustomed to thinking that way because our commitment to "natural" law, which assumes when the money is placed in the machine, the candy bar predictably comes out. Yet God is not beholden to us; quite the opposite.
Cecilia Stenbom
My personal biggest disappointment of 2012 was Christina Geiger. Having seen her winning the Junior Slalom World Championships in 2010, I expected to see her on the podium more than once this World Cup season, but not only were her results not all that great, she again was a skier that had trouble finishing races. Most annoyingly, she would often be on her way to destroying the opposition but for it to all fall apart a few gates from home. Case in point with the image above, which I took from the end of her second run in the slalom in Courchevel this year. I'm probably not being fair, as it was a poor year for Germany in general, and she did show she was capable of great things, but consistent DNFs is a worrying trend.
2. Go Home, Miss America, a sort of modernist Great American Novel in which I'm a bit past the halfway point in the first draft. The narrative is made up of two alternating stories that intersect about 2/3 of the way through with interesting results. The leading male is a 50 year-old mid-level manager at a university who's troubled because his real life fails to match his self image. I know: white guy fiction, right? But it's deep and funny, I swear. The leading female is a 30-something with a master's in Public Health who flees to Africa to do charity work when her fiance dumps her, and she fails to find herself in the Congo. I know: Heart of Darkness in reverse, right? Sounds like an MFA program project. I think it's got Pulitzer written all over it.
Before she married a Vereker, the other Susie was the widow of the Scottish writer James Kennaway and author of The Kennaway Papers. She said she originally wrote the Yellow Duster Sisters for her grandchildren so they'd know about WW2 from a child's point of view and what happened in her family.
Right-click on the links below and save the MP3 to your computer or open in it on your cellphone.
I was all ready to buy the handset from T-Mobile and do a HTC One X Vs HTC Desire S comparison review and video but they didn’t have the handset in white sadly. If they had, I would have been writing a very different post.
….but I know of many – who are afraid of this Life.
This freshly planted field had hundreds of tiny parallel rows just waiting for the sun to come out and make something grow in them. The field was perfect, like a yard after a snow fall, before anyone walks through and leaves footprints. My dog took off running into this field, following a butterfly, and I called her back, but not before she ruined the perfect harmony. You could see her crazy paw-print trail through several of the perfect rows. I hope she didn't ruin anything. But there was no fence to keep her out.
If you’re feeling extreme abdominal and rib pain, and you’re in the later stages of pregnancy, then your baby is probably head up with his or her head close to or under your ribs. If you don’t have this pain, your baby is probably head down, not breech.
05 Emma
Needless to say, this hasn't helped the dark hole of sadness I've been buried in lately. I'm trying so hard to pull myself out of it, but nothing seems to be going my way and that makes getting unsad even harder then usual.
Hello, out there. What do you do when your person comes back smelling like a bunch of other dogs? Since my mom hangs out with lots of dogs, I tend not to pay too much attention. BUT, when she came home the other day, she smelled like a million PUGS! I imagined her in a room full of pugs, picking out her next poochie. I sniffed and I sniffed her, accusingly. She told me she loved me, and to not worry about being left for any other dog. PHEW!! Apparently she was only helping Puglet's mom with her 1000 Pug Project (Puglet's mom is going to take pictures of ONE THOUSAND PUGS in one year!). Mom was a "pug greeter," and she got some good tips for taking pics of ME once I'm allowed out in the world again. I can't wait!
Chrys.: Or there is no contradiction, because both are right; they first made answer in these words, and then the Lord repeated them.
Thanks to a tip from Dave Feldman, lead singer of those young new hitmakers Wyldlife, a band whose hook-filled single "City Of Inbreds" became a wintertime earworm for many of us, I am now able to get his damn song out of my head and replace it with "Girl" by The Barreracudas.
21.) “Never give up on something you can’t go a day without thinking about.”
Apophis is in fact the Greek name for the Egyptian mythological creature “Apep”; the symbol of all things evil, and chaotic in Egyptian culture, he was portrayed as a snake of unbelievable size and length. Snakes were not regarded as being inherently evil. Apophis is usually depicted in funerary texts and other settings as a great serpent, sometimes with tightly compressed, spring-like coils to emphasize his vast size. He is sometimes described as being over sixteen meters in length, with the first section of his body made of flint. He is usually shown being restrained, dismembered or in the process of being destroyed, often by multiple knives. In the tomb of Ramesses VI in the Valley of the Kings on the West Bank at Thebes (modern Luxor), Apophis is shown with twelve heads above its back representing those he has swallowed who are freed, if only briefly, when he is vanquished.
I know people who make it a point to go to the movies on a regular basis... me? I would rather watch them in the comfort of my own home so that if I hate it I can just turn it off...SO I am not really up on the latest movies....
Think again and change its way this time
We also had ITV Wales first poll of the year which showed very little movement in Welsh political voting habits in either Westminster or Assembly elections. It had comfortable lead for Labour, the Tories in second, Plaid Cymru in third and the Lib Dems bringing up the rear.
The term “immigration consultant” is reminiscent of these legitimate legal consultants, but while legal consultants are regulated and held to certain professional, ethical standards, those using the title “immigration consultant” historically were not regulated, which enabled immigration fraud to proliferate.
Yesterday Alless and myself shot her in various locations locally,aiming to achieve a style that is new to her.
Squandering this resource is an astonishingly shortsighted thing to do when health and food are so much at top of mind for people around the world.
If we want our own Parliament in Westminster to mean something and for its Portcullis symbol to stand proud, then we have to leave the EU and its meaningless squiggles.
The game takes place in the eponymous world of Generica, which is plagued by the tyrannical rule of the so-called "Slayer King". The idea is simple: You must assemble a group of heroes, find the "Gladius Generica" and use it to defeat the "Slayer King". If you're the kind of person who plays JRPGs for their storyline then this game clearly isn't for you, as it does little to depart from a very specific formula. But if you're the kind of person who appreciates the mechanics of early JRPGs then you'll love this game as, in terms of its gameplay, Generica mimics an old-school JRPG as closely as I think is humanly possible.
These numbers say either that the country is going down the tubes fast, or that most PhD degrees are either nearly worthless to begin with or have rapidly become obsolete for today's economy. Actually, I suspect that all three of these statements are true to a certain extent.
But a boudin eggroll?
The other was joining a new mini critique group, with two completely new friends. We hope to keep this going once a month for the foreseeable future - and if the first one is anything to go by I think it will be really worthwhile. The three of us seemed to click right away and had a wonderful time sharing ideas and talking poets that we like and admire. I think it is good to shake yourself out of your comfort zone and try something completely new once in a while and I'm really looking forward to our next meeting.
We had an apero in a bar opposite the most aptly named gay bar - "Coming Out" - and then wandered up the street to see what the various restaurants had to offer. At the top we turned round and wandered back.
What else have we been up to? We’ve started listing our millions of books on Amazon, and have sold about five already. (Every little bit counts, right?) Our “donate to Goodwill” pile of clothing is expanding rapidly, taking over a good chunk of our small efficiency apartment.
Though Silla was able to grow and prosper by keeping its door open to immigrants, it practised a highly selective immigration policy unlike that of Balhae.
I like that I got to be a ‘game player’ in the little one’s assessment. It is better than the grouchy, don’t want to play and always working meany-head. I do want to know when tag-backs became popular again though, they weren’t allowed when I used to play tag. Also, when did ‘T’ and ‘pause game’ mean that I have to stop chasing and let the little ones get away? Is it just because I am a grown up now?
We’ve travelled together to foreign lands, and to not so distant places. We’ve done lots of things together. Some crazier than others. But the most amazing thing of all is to be living with this man each day. How lucky can I be!
1/4 cup minced red onion
Less than a week after a LRT train was stalled between Bukit Panjang and Senja LRT stations, train services were disrupted again at around 10am this morning affecting thousands of commuters.
Bananas are good for your kidneys and bones.
Having that little bit right on the character sheet, and eloquently put allows it to always be in the players mind. Any time a situation comes up where a NPC, or a PC for that matter, makes a slight on the player’s homeland, BOOM there it is! It is in the PC’s mind and now he must react accordingly.
Everything is easier in the springtime.
I hope these elephants had great time as much as we did.
At one point, Cody wanders into the living room. We discuss whether to give away an old science set. Before long I realize that the boys and I have spent over an hour in conversation. A range of topics from telescopes, netflix, suicide... privateers.
PLEASE DO NOT type in all caps...it spreads the links waaaay out. Thanks!
But shredded spam, mix with cheese, put on halved french bread, bake for 15 min or so at 350...BOMB! I have no had one of those in ages!
The people in Guy's painting were based on real villagers, and the Brooklyn Museum has on their web site a wonderful key that identifies many of the people and buildings in the painting. You can check that out here. Among the buildings identified is St. Ann’s Episcopal Church, which was only a few doors down from where Anne Eliza lived.
1 Tbs. chopped fresh rosemary
Here is an extract of the letter inviting him to meet with a delegation of MPs and trade union representatives in order to resolve our dispute “amicably”.
You might be asking “why?” do I keep telling my siblings about the details of my search regarding my situation?….they are my only family, really…..and every damn time my sister does this, I stop sharing with her…..for a while. Then she’ll regain my confidence in her until she lets me down again. It gets progressively worse as we all grow older. Pretty soon, all communications will stop – honesty and trust don’t live in the house where I grew up.
Back in the day it was important for hop farmers to grow a range of varieties which had staggered ripening times so they were able to spread the time of picking and drying. Increased disease resistance has obvious benefits and both mutants with different ripening times and disease resistance can be relatively easily selected from a population.
“I have been a life-time’s fan of Marilyn so to be able to make this tribute to her has been a dream come true.” – Madeline Warren
I wrote this review for Homeschooling Horizons magazine a year or two ago, and since I've been wanting to share reviews of unschooling books, I decided to post it here!
Step 3. This time toss and turn with more force than previous attempts, but take a bit of the covers with you. By gently tugging the sheets, he may startle and turn over to his side.
I still vote: creepy.
So today is my turn.
General election
With a star ensemble including Jodie Foster, Kate Winslet, John C. Reilly and Christoph Waltz, Carnage is one of the most riveting movies this year that takes on a get together of two couples and the grisly results.
Saturday 20th
Lets take the presupposition that the map is not the territory, what does this mean? The Map is our view of the world, as we have perceived it thus far. The territory, however, is the “real world”. Whilst we see them as the same it’s quite likely that our reality or Map is incorrect and the territory can vary greatly, true?
But the biggest joy this week has been the gift of HOPE! Being told that my brother will walk again, with a frame to begin with (within 6 months or so), but the new physio seems determined that he will walk. This really is so beautifully joyous to hear after 4 1/2 years of negative and jaded physios and OT's care of the NHS. My little bro really is the most inspiring and amazing guy, as are my parents who have supported and done everything possible for hoime these past few years. Their happiness and my brother's motivation and energy give me such deep joy that it makes me want to cry.
Here's ours:
CULVER CITY, CALIF. (February 14, 2012) – The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo – the gripping, hard-edged thriller based on the first of Stieg Larsson’s suspenseful and spell-binding “Millennium” trilogy – arrives on one-disc DVD and three-disc Blu-ray™ Combo Pack (includes two Blu-ray discs with UltraViolet™ + one DVD) on March 20th. This highly anticipated motion picture from Sony Pictures Home Entertainment brings together an all-star ensemble cast led by Daniel Craig (James Bond franchise), Rooney Mara (The Social Network), Golden Globe® nominee Robin Wright (1994, Best Actress, Forrest Gump), Stellan Skarsgård (Thor), Golden Globe® winner Christopher Plummer (2012, Best Performance by an Actor In A Supporting Role, Beginners) and Joely Richardson (TV’s “Nip/Tuck”).
friendship and teamwork. at its finest.
Round 3: 1 HDC in each ST around. (20 HDC)
Admittedly, unlike the class consciousness obviously beating in the ethical heart of Waste Land, this take on the political economy of the project it documents is an ideological interpretation on my part. In case my interpretation is found to be forced, compare Waste Land to another recently released documentary about public art, Exit Through the Gift Shop. Of course, Exit is not a real documentary at all. It is a faux-doc. Even so, it packs a considerable punch of punk politics.
Wednesday is here! What wonderful books are you waiting on pins and needles for? It doesn’t have to be one that has yet to be published – it could be one you are waiting to purchase. I budget a book allowance for myself every month so there are many times I’ve spent it so have to wait until the next month. I have a lot of new ones to share when Sunday’s “In my mailbox” rolls around! The extra is due to $60 worth of gift certificates to B&N. It is the one sure gift everyone knows I will love!
“We saw 16 million digital publications downloaded over the last 12 months, with no signs of fatigue,” said Zeke Koch, senior director of product management, Digital Publishing, Adobe. “As digital issues grow significantly, Adobe will continue to fuel this evolution by providing innovative features that allow publishers and corporations worldwide to drive digital revenue, accelerated readership and purchase of content.”
It is worth watchig if for nothing else than the novelty of Lee as a hero. Unless you have a pronounced unease at Satanism presented in entertainment, the scary bits will hardly register on you. It is worth watching for the entertainment alue, ut the world has outgrown its horror elements.
A culinary ratio is a fixed proportion of one ingredient or ingredients relative to another. These proportions form the backbone of the craft of cooking. When you know a culinary ratio, it's not like knowing a single recipe, it's instantly knowing a thousand. - Michael Ruhlman
slaves got their master card
So what happened, that I’m thinking all this now, was that I received a copy of Ashok K. Banker’s The Forest of Stories from the good people over at Westland. It is the first instalment in Banker’s retelling of the Mahabharata. He calls it his MBA series, but don’t assume that the stories have been mangled by modernity. These are straight retellings. As Banker explains in the introduction, he sat with the various versions of the Mahabharata and put together a coherent version for the modern reader. It must have been a gargantuan task because although the Mahabharata does not have as many versions as the Ramayana does, it is nevertheless a massively complex work.
Amy: I don't need to. It's all natural.
... I can't explain this properly. But i think i've ended up a far more responsive, confident mum than i would otherwise have been.
DT: You know, I have no idea.
Back in the day we called them “mochos,” because their speech was all cut up. I would never have known that my English was all cut up too unless I had left and heard my English up against the Southern English. The people transformed. Not magically or romantically, you understand, but they became something greater in my eyes. Folks worth writing about and for. The idea is to leave, even metaphorically, one’s zone of comfort to discover greater things about oneself.
Of course, because that's what I'm supposed to do. It's what any decent journalist would do. I knew how long the book was before I pitched the review. It wouldn't be write to do a review without reading what you're reviewing, even if it is over 600 pages long.
One of the first tests was making out a white plate and cup on a black background.
Tomorrow, my sweet little ones will arrive back in my classroom, and I can't wait to see their excitement as they greet new table partners, explore a new room rearrangement, reach for freshly sharpened pencils, and wish a good morning to their well-rested teacher. I hope that you also had a restful break and that you enjoy the first day of school...the first day of school in 2012, that is!
I recently(today) thought about something that I’d like to use in a project that I’m working on in VX Ace. I also thought about how many versions I could make. This is just a small edit(angel statue tile + orb charset). There are two files: one has statues holding orbs, and the other is holding nothing, just in case you want to make the orb an item for the player to take.
You know, first off, white isn’t a race. It’s more like a nickname. It’s more like saying…I’m not black or brown or yellow. When you are brown and you go to overseas…people call you American, not black. Only here am I always black.
Leading the way in this tourism increase to St Lucia is the United Kingdom, ringing in a 30% increase – a total of 23,479 visitors, 5,458 more than the same period last year…
Rumour soon turned to suspicion and Little Charles's body was exhumed and a autopsy performed, where high levels of arsenic where found. Mary Ann was arrested and charged with murder, however her trial was delayed until after the birth of her twelfth child, Margaret Edith Quick-Manning Cotton on 10th January 1873. Mary Ann's trial took place on 5th March 1873, it took the jury 90 minutes to find her guilty of the murder of Charles E Cotton.
I even managed a QSO with G3WKW on 160m.
Perhaps that is what Mamedov wants us to confront. The barriers we have to finding Christ. Perhaps he is giving the observer a chance to notice the condition of our hearts, are they open to seeing Christ in our brothers or are they so badly tainted by our superficial world that there is no longer a way in?
08. Izabella - inst. short jam
Death is the simplest and most obvious threat your protagonist can face, but you generally can’t kill them. In some fantasy it’s possible to get them back with magic, but first person point of view isn’t going to work so well if your main character is taking a dirt nap. (I’m very anxious to see where the Dresden Files takes this in the next volume).
I create sexual tension mostly through the general challenge that the two characters face, whether it’s a taboo relationship, or there’s animosity of some kind. I never make it easy for them. Mix in some sizzling physical attraction that can’t be immediately satisfied, and there’s the sexual edge.
Life writing guru, Patti Miller, gave me the courage to actually begin this writing journey. I enrolled in her Life Writing course at Sydney Writer’s Centre in 2009. When Patti began to teach I felt an awakening in my spirit, my heart was pounding and I knew I had found my way home. My homework one week resulted in my first published piece – an article titled ‘Dad’s Last Day’ which appeared in Christian Woman magazine in Autumn 2010. Jenny Baxter, then Editor of CW magazine, helped me realise my dream of seeing my story in print. Her request to send some photographs to go with the article left me a little breathless. I slapped on lots of makeup and had my husband snap me looking elegant amidst the flowers in our garden, but I also sent along one or two old shots of Dad and I beside a trout stream. The photograph chosen was of Dad and I beside one of our favourite trout streams, my enormous green plastic waders giving me the telly tubby look. My ideas of glamour evaporated, but looking back I can see this was the best choice. Sadly, this article featured in the first CW magazine available only digitally. My dreams of holding my writing in my hands had to wait a bit longer!
replaced it by the one from the other source. Seem to
“Politicians find themselves conscripted to parts in a soap opera, in which the plot line is solely about who is on the way up, who is on the way down and who is on the way out…The elector is reduced to being a spectator rather than the owner of the process.”
Source Minimally adapted from My New Orleans: The Cookbook, by John Besh
PAPA JOES TALES AND FABLES:
I thought my two owls were so cute!! I was proudly showing them off to Lynne yesterday thinking that she was going to fully agree with me! As I place them gingerly on the counter, Lynne exclaims" Oh, my gosh, put them in my Goodwill bag right now!"
1 origination
You use your muscle and your mind and you pray your best
I first met Ram Dass in 1975 at the age of 23, when I was first emerging as a spiritual seeker, full of longing and penetrating questions, deeply hungry for answers and direction. Ram Dass was bigger than life, rapidly gaining worldwide notoriety as a counter-cultural hero and teacher to millions, and author of what was becoming the pivotal spiritual guidebook of those tumultuous times, “Be Here Now.” He had returned from India wearing the trappings of that culture — white robe and beads and long, wild hair and beard. But even in his more ordinary American attire, he exuded a powerful, loving presence that was quite palpable, penetrating and real.
2:Zach Randolph- One of the NBA’s best post players vs one of the worst post defending teams.
Monty Python - Taff style.
immersed in the hypnosis of a whirling dancer
The Nobel prize was created by the inventor of dynamite Alfred Nobel, a Swedish industrialist, who went on to make a dynamite out of his invention.
What's on my dressing table...
The phygelius is having a second flush of flowers. This is a vigorous shrub that was given to me by a good friend some years ago. I have a few clumps of it now dotted around the garden. It can be a bit of a thug as it spreads by its roots and needs to be kept in check but it's also useful for providing shelter in exposed spots. I have a very windy spot by the side of the house where the wind is tunnelled down the path between ours and the neighbour's wall, so I have one positioned there to protect the plants behind it.
said Scarface Claw.
When I picked up the kids from karate later that afternoon, I treated them to dollar sushi night and green tea ice cream for doing so well at the doctor and for starting back to school. (And we usually go to dollar sushi night anyway-ssshhhh!)
5/27 – Chicago, IL @ Empty Bottle
AdriN2001: We're not dating and we aren't going to be, right now
My favorite is this one time, a guy insisted that you're not a "real" writer unless you're actively pursuing publication. Which I suppose, is a standard you can hold people to, if that's how you define "reality" for writers. I think the whole point of the tirade was to prove that people who like to add that bit of flourish to their bios where they write "I've been writing since I was ten!" or writing "since my mother pushed me out!" are being disingenuous. Because it's easy to invalidate someone's identity as a writer if you can say that they aren't real until they "pursue" publication.
~Vicky D
1. Ma’am Jess agreed to accomplish my scholarship recommendation form.
But tomorrow is Mother's Day. I will be happy, of course. I promise you that I fought too hard to get here to not be happy.
It wasn’t an ordinary day for me and henceforth no other day would ever be ordinary.
You can have several years worth of food in your pantry but still be starving spiritually. The words and the person of Jesus have been feeding and growing my spirit for almost 25 of my 40 years. He gave me hope that pulled me back from the brink of suicide as a high school freshman, and that hope and strength in my life has sustained during those times when I've had plenty and in other times when I wasn't sure where I'd find my next meal. If you have all the "stuff" in the world but you're still hungry spiritually, still not satisfied with the pile of things you've stocked up and have questions, feel free to drop me a line.
Michael York (shown here), in his book Pagan Theology: Paganism as a World Religion (which I would not whole-heartedly recommend in every manner), mentions the idea of “super-gods” at various points. (Note, this is not to be confused with Grant Morrison’s book of the same name, or to be understood as comic book super-heroes as deities–though those are worthy topics for further thought, discussion, and practice!) The gods Shiva and Vishnu, for example, from the Hindu pantheons, are discussed as “super-gods,” because their cultus and their imagery and mythology ended up subsuming (or, perhaps more appropriately, superseding?) the individual cults and identities of innumerable more local deities, as mentioned above. This did not only occur in Hinduism, but with many other religions as well: Zeus in Greek religion, Jupiter Optimus Maximus in Roman religion, and the Hebrew god all did likewise, combining into themselves a variety of other deities–including major or “kingly” deities of different regions–into a singular divinity that was worshipped thereafter, and that often further came into contact with, absorbed, or superseded other deities along the way.
Although it was mixed around the rest of my life schedule, I had my camera with me so had time to take a few random pictures while I roamed. Here's a shot from the top of a downtown building overlooking the Johnson Street Bridge.
OUTFLANKING THE LABOR TOPS!
Can you look in a mirror and be ok with what is looking back at you? If you are not applying your values in an honest and consistent manner, the answer would be no. Integrity is something you have to exhibit all the time. You can not have Integrity 1 day, not exhibit it the next day, and expect people to trust you.
I get why a crime might be bigger news. But the gap in attention is way out of whack.
Ottawa has cleared the way for Black’s return by granting him a one-year temporary resident permit, setting off a political row in Ottawa after it was learned yesterday. Black applied for the permit in March. …
This being Gotye first trip the Bay Area, he also revealed he’s taken in one of the quintessential San Francisco tourist spots – Alcatraz.
I have all the pics ready to go on my computer, but I have spent the last too-many hours of my life talking to various immigration offices and what not. I could totally multi-task and get this post done for your reading pleasure, but I’d rather not miss any itty bit of information these folks may give me.
EDITOR: Write it.
But, at the same time, I'm quite aware of the complexities of aid. I believe, for example, that giving money to corrupt governments only makes governments more corrupt, and actually ends up worse for the people in the country. I think most charitable giving should be through NGOs that train people how to care for themselves.
Previously the chatter was done verbally and privately. Today much of the chatter is done publicly on line between one person and a group of friends or followers. Because this type of chatter is measurable, there is a lot of attention paid to it. As my former partner used to say, that which is measured is attended to.
Any other ideas? What do you think? Keep or donate to "Shop Leslie at Home"/consignment?
That there’s some corner of a foreign field
The solution I've found? Critique partners and beta readers.
The photo shows Cologne’s skyline at sunset, on the final night of Gamescom 2011. At this point, I could successfully consume solids.
After a while, your milk will become light beige. And after a while longer, it will begin to thicken. Now be careful when that begins to happen - after half an hour of stirring, you had thought that it never would - because it's just minutes separating this moment from the end result. Add the chocolate broken in pieces. It may look like chocolate won't combine with the caramel, that's alright, don't let it bother you. When the caramel gets gluey and thick, it's time to take your pot off the stove. It should be slightly runnier than honey. The moment caramel starts to cool, it will get thicker still. Add salt. Stir in the butter. Keep stirring and watching the butter melt and the chocolate smudges dissolve into the caramel. As soon as everything is well-combined, take your wafer sheets and spread one third of the caramel on one sheet. Press with the second sheet on top, but not too hard - you don't want your filling to run out. Spread the second layer of cream on top of the second sheet and repeat the same with the third wafer sheet / third caramel layer.
FILE SAMPLES WITHOUT NOISE REDUCTION
Today’s first verse rather graphically describes the severely strained relationship of Joseph and his older brothers who were extremely jealous. “They hated him and could not speak a kind word to him.” What a heartbreaking description of a very dysfunctional family! Can you imagine such seething resentment that would leave the brothers unable to merely say a kind word to their own bloodline? Have you ever seen or experienced anything like it? Sadly I have.
Reports of MJ having a heart attack are incorrect. He was found in the childrens ward having a STROKE
Robert J. Hymel, 55, Woodbridge, Va.
You’ve been warned.
A while back I told you all that I had started a Card Class for beginners. I started this class at a request of my mother-in-law. She is new to card making so I designed a class for those that are interested in card making but do not have much experience or many supplies at home.
And unlike antidepressants, which can cause a variety of side effects from nausea to concentration problems, light therapy is extremely well tolerated. Some side effects are possible with light but are generally not serious enough to cause discontinuation of the therapy.
d100 Stasis
And Happy Valentine's Day to everyone and Happy Birthday to my mom! I will put up a Valentine's Day post with pictures late but for now Elaine is screaming and Jensen is hungry as well so I have to get going!
From the concept alone I knew this film was going to be a winner with me. While I was inexplicably a little disappointed by the lack of interspecies prehistoric sex, the whole affair was ultimately worth it for the opportunity to see a shark take down a flying plane, and Debbie Gibson, it was nice to see Debbie again after all these years.
Recorded from the KCRW FM show Morning Becomes Eclectic on February 17th, this year, includes interview and songs.
Middle Row: Spanish chorizo rice; Frozen berries.
In the first few hours they were able to get his heart rate lowered, with the rate lowered his heart was working again, as far as pumping. But the the erratic rhythm remained. He spent four days in the hospital, trying different meds. None worked, as the last resort they sedated him and gave him a 'shock'. He now has his rhythm back.
It is one of the most popular and loved Italian confections, that seems to be mostly consumed around Christmas, especially in Tuscany, its geographical home-land.
i) 43% of Jordanians believe in Islamic terrorism
As there isn’t anything plugged into the analog inputs, their value will change constantly. Press F5 or “refresh” to see the new values. Neat – your Arduino is now serving data over a network. It is quite motivating to see it actually work. But now that we can see the ethernet shield is working we can move on to something more useful. Let’s dissect the previous example in a simple way, and see how we can distribute and display more interesting data over the network. For reference, all of the ethernet-related functions are handled by the ethernet Arduino library. If you examine the previous sketch we just used, the section that will be of interest is:
Brown = Normal
Tomorrow is Pajama Day at The Girls’ school. It happens year after year, and inevitably, I experience the same freaking anxiety each and every time. Seriously. I need a mainline of Valium straight to my jugular in order to calm my neurotic ass down tonight.
やっとテキサスでの旅行に関する書きたい内容の半分を終えました。残りのテキサスに関する記事を書いた後は、日本での事、そしてバリでの記事を少し書こうと思っています。休暇中の時の内容を掲載するのに、思ったより時間が掛かってしまいました。早くジャカルタに関する記事を書きたいなと思います。私の休暇中、6月と7月にコメントを残して下さった皆様、ありがとうございます。いつもコメントを楽しく読ませていただいています。毎回お返事を残せず、ごめんなさい。皆さんからの言葉一つ一つを有り難く受け止めています。これからもよろしくお願いいたします。
So we’re back to eating like cave men. Cave men who eat curry. And cave women who wear sparkly rings.
But what if we manufactured others things? Bicycles? Electric bicycles? Small ride on electric vehicles for getting around the city? Solar panels? Small appliances? Power tools? Precision instruments? Micro-computers? Laboratory equipment? Large scale nurseries for for the forest industries? Clothing using our own wool? It seems the possibilities are endless. The problems are endless too.
Our school performed the demo twice, each at least 10 minutes long, for the crowd. Adult and youth students were involved, with weapon demonstrations, flips, kicks, board breaking and self-defense. The experience was awesome!
I know when you honeymoon
I hope you are having a colorful, beautiful Spring.
We can rest in His faithful love, His perfect care. He knows us, truly, better than we will ever know ourselves this side of heaven. He created us for relationship with Him. THAT is what we are meant for!! What a glorious thought, that we could truly know the depths of His great, terrible, beautiful Personality!! That we can KNOW Him! For only there is our true fulfillment. Only in knowing Him can we truly know ourselves. I want to know Him!!
While Miss Scarlet and I are scheming, let’s have a look at Beast’s winning caption for The Freakin’ Green Elf Shorts Caption Competition.
I’m pretty good at this. My house is as allergen-free as I can make it without living in a bubble. I have hardwood and tile floors, minimal window coverings, and I wash my bedding in hot water every week. I am inside most of the time in the spring. I don’t have the air conditioning on, but then, the average temperature is in the 40’s and 50’s. So far, I’m avoiding high-pollen areas, but I’m about to sit through my younger daughter’s softball practices. I am very careful about what I eat, since I have allergies to some very common foods; the article said to avoid wheat and dairy, but I’m fine with those. Instead, I avoid oats and potatoes, among other things. It also advised wearing wrap-around sunglasses, which I have done ever since I had Lasik 9 years ago. I don’t wear perfume and stay as far away from people who do as I can; it is highly irritating to my sinuses. It also told me not to cut the grass or hang my clothes out on a line…no worries about that!
But here are the two (obvious) things that will hopefully set this new Choi vehicle apart from being a Soderbergh lookalike:
Next we shimmy over to the wine tasting session in ‘the Classroom’ – Bakerie’s bespoke contemporary arty space (it has proper primary school benches, the one’s you dropped on your foot in P.E lessons).
family. friends. cookies.
Sometimes, what readers write gives me new insight into my story. More often, their letters reveal intimacies about themselves. One of my favorite letters was from a reader who compared herself to Rose, the main character in the book, who’s a feisty 64-year old. “I’m just like Rose,” she wrote. “What I say is what I mean and what you see is what you get.” Then she asked, “So where is my Percy?” referring to the leading man in the novel. When I read this, I laughed out loud. But I also felt the pain and frustration of a woman who wants to be loved just as she is.
If you've never taken part in a blog hop before it's easy peasy...all you need to do is visit each blog in turn and for this hop each Polkadoodler will give you a LETTER (be careful - some of the Polkadoodlers may have more than one!) Now add all the letters together, unscramble them and leave a comment on the Polkadoodle Challenge Blog (comments will be moderated!) with what the word is.
Moved by the Devil and the Laird of Lee,
Hoare additionally told the New York Times that, as a showbizz writer, he’d been ‘frequently encouraged’ by Coulson to hack celebrity phones. But Coulson says he’s lying. In fact, Andy Coulson says everyone is lying – except him. Look around Fleet Street and the Courts: outside of desperate Newscorp loyalists fearful for their one hides, you will not find a single journalist who supports Coulson’s account.
The first time I saw it, it featured the following priceless dialogue.
Okay, when I was 15 years old I watched ‘From Dusk Til Dawn’, which he directed…five times…in a row…in one night. ‘Rebel Without A Crew’, a book he wrote, bought it, read it. I could go on but will keep it short: Robert Rodriguez is one of my favourite directors. He is one of the best and his passion, vision, creativity and movie making ability is inspiration for those inside and outside of film. He is also self-made which I highly respect.
In April 2010, the orchestra performed in the Madeleine Church in the heart of Paris, the Darmstadt Music Academy in Germany and in the ornate town hall in Nancy, France.
“Thank you very kindly, folks, for lettin’ me into your livin’ rooms tonight, I come from the great dusty state of Oklahoma. I’d like to sing y'all a tune about how folks from my parts toil and sweat all day long just to line the pockets of a privileged few. It’s not fair, and I tell you, somethin’ ought to be done about these big city fat cats. Eventually, someone will. In the meantime, I reckon I’ll just have to sing about it”.
"They help to confirm that there is a significant abnormality in immune system function in this disease. We now need further clinical trials of such anti-cancer agents to see if other research groups can replicate these findings," he added.
Stop by your local shelter and lend a hand. I mopped the floor and washed windows on my first visit. (Please do not tell Karen I am capable of such tasks. She might expect me to do this at home!) If you have skills as a carpenter or electrician make yourself available. Or just stop by to give a dog a walk or a hug. It will do you heart good in more ways than one.
McCain has completely pulled out the underpinnings of an argument that not only had a great deal of resonance, but one that he's spent lots of time and money pursuing: that Obama is too young, too idealistic, and too inexperienced to lead. Now, one can argue that Obama is at the top of the ticket and Palin is not, or which one actually has more experience. From the point-of-view of political strategy, it's still mystifying. McCain may have charged up the base, but they were going to vote for him (or against Obama) anyway. Whether they're voting for him with a 51% conviction or a 100% conviction, it still just counts as one vote per person.
Then there's this, which is a another challenge--given to me to salvage.
1909-1919 When the company that was to be known as Gulf was born in 1901 with an oil discovery in Spindletop, Texas, the primary commercial fuel was coal. By 1903, the age of mechanization had arrived and it was now up to the petroleum industry to keep pace, for the age could not proceed without it. Gasoline development, into which Gulf invested millions of dollars, responded to advances in automotive technology to make the modern motorcar possible. Within a dozen years of Spindletop, Gulf scored notable firsts with the world’s first drive-in service station, complimentary Gulf road maps and over water drilling at Ferry Lake. In 1917, the Gulfstream went into World War I service, along with the rest of Gulf’s tanker fleet.
A Clash of Kings picks up shortly after the end of A Game of Thrones. With the murders of both Ned Stark and the king, Robert Baratheon, young Joffrey, product of the incestual relationship between Queen Cersei and her twin Jaime Lannister, sits upon the Iron Throne, while his uncle Tyrion serves as the new Hand of the King. Despite his claim to the throne as Robert’s heir, two others have staked up claims to be the new King of the Seven Kingdom’s, Robert’s two brothers, Renly and Stannis. Robb Stark has also been deemed by his people to be King of the North and has broken all fealty to the Iron Throne. Across the Narrow Sea, Daenarys Targaryen mourns the loss of her husband Khal Drogo while celebrating the birth of her three dragon and is ferried to a mysterious kingdom known as Qarth where all would see the Mother of Dragons but nothing is as it seems. At the Wall, the brothers of the Night’s Watch strike north in search of Jon Snow’s missing uncle and to prepare for war against the barbaric wildlings. The Stark children are spread far and wide. Sansa is a hostage of the Lannister’s at King’s Landing, Arya travels in hiding as an orphan boy hoping to get back to Winterfell, while Bran rules Winterfell while brother Robb wages war against the Lannisters and defends his homeland.
Jesus said to them, “If God were your Father, you would love me, for I came from God and am here; I did not come on my own, but he sent me. Why do you not understand what I am saying? Because you cannot bear to hear my word. You belong to your father the devil and you willingly carry out your father’s desires. He was a murderer from the beginning and does not stand in truth, because there is no truth in him. When he tells a lie, he speaks in character, because he is a liar and the father of lies.
D: "Repetitive stress. You'll have to switch off, only knit for a couple days."
Until I was 19 years old, my life was a pure hell. But then I made the choice to start writing music. You have to know, I have written poetry and short stories ever since I was 8 years old, so I kind of had the rhyming in my blood. And in a family filled with musicians, it wasn’t really a stretch to think I’d get into the music industry at one point or another. But I didn’t start making music just to become famous or something like that. No, my motive was of a very different kind. I wanted to show other people, mainly kids in the situation I was in once, that it is possible to chance your life around. That it’s never worth it to stop the fight, because with everything going on, no matter how hard times get, at one point or another, life gets better. Dreams are good, and dreams come true… A hero needs dreams… And honor.
Moral: No good deed goes unpunished.
Goldings 4.7%, 60 min. 0.5 oz.
06-06 Greensboro, NC – Greene Street
As the labor intensified, I slipped into a focused zone. I was essentially feeling the contractions in my lower back. I couldn't talk other than moaning during contractions. I felt shaky and a little nauseous. (Looking back, I now know I was in transition from active labor to the pushing phase--typically the most difficult part of labor.)
Primarily this story made me extraordinarily grateful that I was born in this place in this time. For most of the history of our world women weren’t entitled to their opinions. Hell, there are whole parts of the globe where the notion that women should be seen and not heard in not only accepted, but lauded. The scariest part of this book, for me, is that they had advanced as a society past women’s rights and gay rights, but then somehow all of that was abolished and everyone’s rights were revoked. The very basis of rights is that they are inalienable and therefore un-revoke-able, but in Spotwood’s world they did it with terrifying results. The amount of stress Cate faces in this book is haunting in large part because of her revoked rights. She gets angry about it and generally looks at it as the hypocritical bullshit that it is which serves to strengthen her character and make her into a Real Human Being.
The introduction of the press by Johannes Gutenberg gave impetus to the process of learning. The pressmen printed Bibles and books on religious and spiritual subjects. Unfortunately these subjects also discussed the Witchcraft in denigrative terms. This resulted in resistance to witchcraft and witch hunt.
I still maintain the same idea I stated in the previous post. I need to grow up and figure out what to do with my life. I need to get back on my feet first though which may well be coming together sooner rather than later. If/when that does happen, I’m getting on the Grown-up Express. The relationship that began this shift for the better but then killed it before it got off the ground, was undoubtedly the best I have ever had and it taught me a hell of a lot. Namely that (despite what some parties have said) I am a good person and a great boyfriend and, most astonishingly, how totally unafraid of committing to someone I am and how good that feels. I sincerely wish it had not ended and certainly not the way it did but I will never, ever begrudge it. Life sometimes likes to deal his own hand now and again and, as unpleasant as that is, I can’t sit around moping that it didn’t go in my favour. Learn, move on.
Life insurance sales appear to be reflecting this trend. Total life insurance sales grew 4 percent in new annualized premiums in 2011, and insurers issued 2 percent more individual life policies than they did in 2010, according to LIMRA, Windsor, Conn.This is only the fourth time policy sales have risen in the past 30 years.
*When children are younger, they can get a lot out of just playing with instruments they help make or that you buy from yard sales. They can have parades, learn to play rhythms, and they can sing. Don't feel you need to get too heavy into music when kids are younger. Listening to music, and perhaps focusing on a particular composer for a week or a month is a wonderful way to introduce your children to the wonders of patterns of notes joined upon a page...all for the price of one cd with a collection of "Classical Masterpieces" on it.
-Have a fun personality)
All symbolic-journeying-portraits were created hand-held
Tom Ognibene on the $750,000 that got John Haggerty indicted: “John got this money funneled to him. That’s why there was no complaint filed. He never took a penny. He could’ve been making hundreds of thousands of dollars. This was John’s bonus.”
Happy Felsch - Scobey Giants
And, then, my friends, work won't seem so bad anymore.
Did one of you typospherians refer me to this video of The History of the Typewriter Recited by Michael Winslow? Because if you didn't, you should have. I had to rely on a local writer's-group pal, and that's a shame.
*If you have had labor and C-section I would love to hear your preference. If you have had a C-section I would love to hear your experience. Anything I should know? Any tips/ recovery advice? This is all new to me.
More follows, including Sanjay and friends queuing to have sexual encounters with Sajni, an impoverished but willing local: “Sanjay saw a shapely dark-skinned girl lying on Vinay’s bed. He was overcome by a lust that he had never known before … He removed his clothes and began to feel Sajni’s body, caressing her voluptuous breasts.”
outer profiles must be offset from the inner profiles by between 8mm and 30mm and may not
That a Judge would approach members of the Constitutional Court Bench in such a brazen fashion and threaten them as is alleged (That he would be the next Judge President and therefor keeper of their judicial fortunes), boggles the mind. I mean if somebody had told me that would happen circa 1994, I would have thought them deranged or racist rabbit hole fantacists.
Hush, Hush series
TONGA NUKUALOFA: 21.0S 175.2W; 18:45UTC 19 MAR
Busy fucking day! MIA & having twitter withdrawals!
An interesting thing, when it comes to law, is that if anything has to be “just”, then we would certainly suffer from the strictness of law. If one was to do something to another, even unintentionally, and then have to pay the price for that, we would daily experience many punishments. Surely, we as human beings cannot exist without mercy, and that is what we can learn from this quote. An interesting addition here is that if we look to the Torah, we can learn exactly that.
Young Adult books with Angel themes have not been my best friends lately. Whether because the plot is so predictable, the characters are soulless, the worlds un-inventive, and many other flaws—most of them all in one read. So Unearthly was at the bottom of my reading list, and when I finally started it the start was a bit bumpy. Not only was it slow, but the author did something I hate when writing in first person too many Is and Mes. After the first, or so, pages I realized that the author had a new take on Angels and within a few chapters the bad first person eased up and I could sink into the book.
So, I need some help. I need:
So, we came up with the Ranger Creek Sippy Cup. This is a Pro-Am homebrew competition, meaning the winningest beer will be brewed by us and entered into the Great American Beer Festival Pro-Am Competition, and released as the Ranger Creek fall seasonal offering that will be available at finer beer bars in central Texas this coming fall. Each category will have a 1st, 2nd, and 3rd place winner, and the 1st place winners will go on to compete in a Best of Show round. The winner of this round will be deemed winningest beer and the victor of the Pro-Am competition. We are allowing entries in four BJCP categories. Our Ranger Creek twist, however, is that we want our fall seasonal to be a big beer- so we set a minimum of 7% abv limit on entries. We state it as "imperial versions," meaning bigger than normal. For the styles listed that are already imperial styles (imperial stout, imperial IPA, and Baltic porter), clearly the imperial part there is already taken care of. It does not mean an imperial imperial stout. Get it? It shouldn't be hard to figure out. We want a good, solid, creative beer. It doesn't have to be outlandish, and I would expect that a beer with panache and balance will win, so don't think the craziest beer will take the Cup. We are accepting beers in the following BCJP categories: (BOLD categories already allow for 7% abv or more, so for those categories, 7% is the lowest you can go, you don't have to make a 15% Russian Imperial. Get it? Good.)
there met William Powell, one of Hollywood's leading men.
He organized the Easter egg hunt with his little cousins and was so patient in guiding them to where they should "hunt".
Throughout our lives we will make good and bad choices but we will still ultimately always be that boy or girl. That never changes. There is never a reason to question your own identity.
Intellectualism: One of the three great threats to the LDS church. Usually preceded with “so-called.”
to the Buddhists. They don’t have a problem with `independent reality’
The entire panel agreed that what gives a series "legs" is the characters. It's their lives readers are following, and it's important to make sure they're three-dimensional.
So a couple of weeks ago I threw a bridal shower at my house and my Mom and best friend Bobbi came to help decorate etc. Bobbi brought her 3 year old daughter with her, Emme. Emme is adorable and very sweet. She went upstairs in my house to play while the women were down stairs with their drinks etc. We set up a movie for her and she bounced around on my yoga ball and was getting into everything. We hardly have anything up there so when she would ask me if she could touch things I just told her that there was nothing up there that she could hurt and she could play with whatever she wanted. She really liked that answer. Emme loves books and so I took her over to pick out a book to read from Aidan's library. We read a book and then I went down stairs to entertain the guests. Emme I guess decided she needed more playmates and grabbed my Mom and dragged her upstairs to read another book. My Mom loves kids so she went over and asked which book she wanted to read. This is what I overheard...
I'm jumping on the bandwagon...The crazy colored jeans trend bandwagon! Here's a shout out to the 80's babies...remember the good ol' Bongos jeans in all crazy colors...Oh, those were the days. Well they're back and I'm loving them in every color!!! Like the indecisive Libra that I am, I can't choose between the blue and green.
Many students are shown this method, albeit without the prison imagery. Write the prime factorization of the number. Circle the pairs. Write/multiply circled numbers outside the radical sign. There is real math behind this procedure. By definition, √2 × √2 = 2. However, I found that students who were taught this method couldn’t tell me why √(2×2×3) = 2√3. Where did the other 2 go?
Belachan, 1 teaspoon
...but miniature Carolers! Yes, apparently I've become "that" person to the good folks of the local church - the widow down the street, the old lady who took care of another old lady who died. Whatever the reason, it was a delight last night to open the door to these munchkins singing, "Rudolph, the Red-Nosed Reindeer," each facing lighting up on the asides of 'like a lightbulb' (please note the shy nose poking out of the red and black parka, lower right).
They both wanted something very simple and close-by. Trouble was… nothing they suggested even remotely sounded good.
14And the men took some of their food, without requesting directions from the Lord.
supple like a tree in the wind,
I have especially done a lot of questioning in the last month with two deaths in the family–one a great aunt and the most recent passing being my grandfather. Death is a teacher. It offers all of us a time to celebrate a loved ones life and a time to question what we are up to in our own lives and make changes if necessary.
Thank you also to all those who have encouraged this tomfoolery by leaving comments and feedback on the stuff you have stumbled across here over the year and I hope you continue to post your thoughts in the future.
-“No, I don’t want (specific item)…I want, I want (specific item)!” - Oh, how I love my son and oh, how he can drive completely insane. Is it normal for him to be the most conflicted, wishy-washy tike on the planet?
A blog is a Web page that serves as a publicly accessible personal journal for an individual. Typically updated daily, blogs often reflect the personality of the author.
The Mommies Network can help your business reach moms across the nation or in your community. We are a nonprofit organization whose mission is to provide a safe, secure, free place for mothers to find support and encouragement from other mothers and to empower them to be better women, parents, and community leaders. Through our online forums, our chapters connect local mothers, enabling them to ask questions, seek support, offer encouragement, find volunteer opportunities, and grow as leaders as they volunteer their time with our site. Our organization provides a valuable service to a portion of the population that is nearly always overlooked, overworked, and taken for granted: moms!
As a mommy, I know that I am so, so proud of my daughter. In fact, if given a chance, I'd probably talk non-stop about her. But aren't we all, as parents, have our own proud stories to tell when it comes to our children? Wouldn't we appreciate an offer to tell others of at least one particular time when our children made our hearts soar and our lives really worth living?
MJ: As a DJ and well involved in the music business, how do you think the industry is doing at the moment?
I have long objected to Government attempts to engineer society by providing scholarships or loans for some subjects and not others.
Do you care, O God!! If I live or die,
“Do you remember what I said about money and about the men who seek to reverse the law of cause and effect? The men who try to replace the mind by seizing the products of the mind? Well, the man who despises himself tries to gain self- esteem from sexual adventures–which can’t be done, because sex is not the cause, but an effect and an expression of a man’s sense of his own value.”
Who out there has a sofa that really could stand to be replaced, but which is so comfortable that you can’t bring yourself to do it? This little loveseat has been an absolute champion. I bought it for my tiny studio apartment when I lived in Chelsea in Manhattan. It was really hard to find a sofa this small to replace the ornate green one a recently-adopted cat had peed all over. I mean buckets, folks. I put that thing on the curb on West 20th St. and even the people who stopped to pinch it got a whiff and ran away. This couch, however, turned out to be worth every penny and, over a decade later it is still incredibly comfortable.
And in walks her prince charming
In this case of this frozen yogurt recipe, what you get is big, round lemon flavor, sweet and tart at the same time, underlined by the tang of plain yogurt. I like the idea of smashing it between two chewy ginger cookies and eating it that way, but like I said, all you really need is a teacup. The stripe of blueberry sauce is a very nice addition, although you could skip it, if you wanted one less dirty dish. But I wouldn’t.
i was channeling her the whole time.
I was most shocked by how much many Jewish boys in Nazi Germany wanted to join the Hitler Youth. Like most kids, they just wanted to belong to the cool new club that all of their friends were joining. I read an incredible memoir called Destined to Witness: Growing Up Black in Nazi Germany by Hans J Massaquoi, and he conveyed much of the same emotion. The book cover has a photograph of him as a young black boy, with a homemade swastika pinned to his sweater. The power of adolescent longing transcends politics. You just want to fit in.
Chance is pulling his every spring thing. He has tender feet and when the snow gets icy ridges he walks on three legs. He holds one in the air…first it was the back right then the front right..Far Guy babies him. “Oh, poor Chancey does your foot hurt?” The dog just soaks all that up and limps even worse, he is a smart dog. He misses the activity of having doggie company so he is in a bit of a funk this week.
Paragraphs should be limited to 6-8 lines for easy readability; line length should be limited to 10-14 words, again for easy reading. If you bury your readers under a mountain of intimidating text, they will repay your efforts by.. skipping the arduous task you have assigned them.
Sarah my love for you is deathless, it seems to bind me with mighty cables that nothing but Omnipotence could break; and yet my love of Country comes over me like a strong wind and bears me unresistibly on with all these chains to the battle field.
“PICKING UP GIRLS MADE EASY will teach you a whole new system for picking up girls — a system that is so complete and so absolutely foolproof you’ll soon be picking up girls automaticallly!!! Absolutely everything is spelled out for you… Picking up girls can be as easy as opening a beer! And the more you listen to the album, the better you’ll get. It’s INCREDIBLE!”
When she is not writing she can be found in her garden or walking on the beach... or most likely on her deck overlooking the ocean, a chilled glass of sauvignon blanc in hand as the sun sets.
This was one of those card designs that just fell into place quite quickly almost by itself lol!
OK, so they're not dime boxes. I still don't think those exist in the Northeast. Even quarter boxes are pretty rare (I know they are rare because later I was at another dealer's table way on the other side of the hall and he was talking about how he didn't think he would make any money at this show because there was some guy selling all his cards at 80 percent off. He was referring to the quarter-box guy).
Plus, was able to get a Birthday present for a good friend started today. Did you think I was going to show a picture of that??? Hello??? Try again!! Oh and I made a little towel for another friend today too. Didn't take a photo of that. Maybe I should....
PhilPOP is not just a one-time, big-time shot at fame. It can be that stepping stone to building a long and successful music career. More than anything else, it’s a chance to carve a niche in the industry and change the landscape of local music,” adds Cayabyab.
They no longer ask for stickers every time they go, and they don't get them, but even if you do have to give your child stickers or little rewards for their successes, even for a few months, a few packs of stickers are alot cheaper than packs of nappies, and a small price to pay for a great outcome!!
If you have questions on how to manage electronic documents, evaluate accounting solutions or want to learn more about construction software and technology trends, I invite you to connect with me on LinkedIn, follow me on Twitter or visit the Hagen Business Systems website.
The soldiers at Fort Apache may disagree with the tactics of their glory-seeking new commander, but they’re duty-bound to obey him – even when it means almost certain disaster.
7) Enjoy! Henry and mama approved! ;)
Once the experiencing change becomes habit,
Gosh, I'm just sending you all sorts of places!
We do have a picture of this.
BILLI SANGREAL is a Knight Templar and has thrown herself utterly into their brutal regime, shutting herself off from everyone and everything.
Pop back tomorrow for some LLLC and Tiddly Inks treats.
Don’t know what he means by the four phases of the sexual energy, but personally, I like his perspective that soul contracts can be negotiated – feels life affirming for me.
So drop in on my life and see how it’s going. I’ll try to keep you up to date.l
I do not want to lose him,
Section 24C and 24D are probably the most important sections in the new Part. The Malaysian Parliament has preferred to split the question of unfair terms into two, dealing with terms that are procedurally unfair (section 24C) and substantially unfair (Section 24D). Section 24C(1) proscribes that a contract term is procedurally unfair when
I glanced across the school
OG=1.040@69F
Winters are insightful, intense and precise.
If you would like to know more about my theory on frequency manipulation being done from ground based stations to induce a weather effect … you can start here: http://sincedutch.wordpress.com/2012/04/24/want-to-know-about-weather-modific…
“Heifer’s recipients agree to share one or more of their animals’ offspring, and also the training they receive, with others in need in what Heifer calls Passing on the Gift. This unique development tool multiplies the benefit of the original gift and allows recipients to become donors. Heifer partners are also taught to prevent overgrazing, collect manure for organic fertilizer, plant trees and manage resources for long-term success.”
You're just along for the ride
Ok. I don’t know if Will knows her background. My assumption is no because I think he would have asked if her running and asking for money had anything to do with her husband. He didn’t. In fact, he tells her that he thought she was happy here and couldn’t understand why she’d want to leave. So I don’t think he knows. Alicia doesn’t know. No one knows. Safe to say, this is a dangerous man. Why else would Kalinda be so evasive (and have all that ammunition in her dry wall?) We already know she had another name and life but we weren’t sure why or the story behind it. I guess this was an abusive relationship that she escaped. But here is where I start to get annoyed with her. I get that you don’t want your private past aired out for all to know and discuss. I get that whatever happened probably screwed you up so badly you don’t know if you like men or women. I get that whatever happened has you so guarded, you don’t want to let that guard down for anyone. But you know what, you did let your guard down for two people you thought you could trust….Will and Alicia. Therefore, they deserve the truth. Tell them what is going on. They have proven themselves to the point that you know they won’t tell anyone and keep your confidence. If this guy is that dangerous to the point where he now knows Alicia’s name and where she lives, you need to do something. Running away isn’t the answer (which thankfully she changed her mind and is sticking around.) So ask them for help. Let them in on what is going on. Don’t pull this “don’t worry about it I can handle it” crap again. She is putting other people at risk by withholding information. I don’t want Kalinda’s inherent character to change because it’s what I love about her. But there has to be some growth. And this is an area she could grow by keeping Alicia in the loop and having her help her (as well as do what she need to do to protect her family.) At this point, Alicia deserves to know what she is dealing with so she can protect her family. Hopefully, Kalinda will give her that chance. Or blow the guys brains out so no one has to deal with him ever again! That would work too!
Several times people have asked me how, did you guys stay together and get the kids raised, my reply, “It still a work in process!” I am not going to lie it has been a hard road. Feelings have been hurt, patients have been tried. But the one piece of advise I can give is, Love them enough to let them make mistakes and be there when they come back. Both of Chris’ kids had a hard time about six years ago, a lot of people were putting their two cents in and caused quite a rift between us all. There was a long time that no one talked or knew what to say, but by giving them their space and allowing them to make decision that effected their life, they came to realize that we were not that bad as parents and maybe they shouldn’t have listened to a lot of people, they should have listen to dad and I.
Great example --- Carrie - you know that horror flick by Steven Spielberg - the original with Sissy Spacek. Well, apparently my brothers had already seen the movie when I went to see it so when the hand came out of the ground at the end.... one of them grabbed me.
And Mary's Graces is having another giveaway and it is over today at noon PST. You still have time if you go there now!
So it's five years into the past and the Doctor has woken up from a nightmare in which he was visiting a pregnant Amy and a pony tail adorned Rory in a sleepy little upmarket village called Upper... wait a minute, this all sounds vaguely familiar...
But I digress - it is Friend Friday again and this weeks questions are about blogger burnout. Sounds so easy doesn't it. Take a few photos, play around with them a bit, write something vaguely entertaining and voila - post! But we all know what the time consuming reality is really like! According to a quick questionnaire I filled out on Grit and Glamour's IFB post I also seem to be addicted to blogging. But am I?
Fujairah to Luxor is a 3:31 flight, Luxor to Crete is 2:10, Crete to Luxembourg is 3:02. We finally landed in Luxembourg at 1537Z which I think was 5:37pm local. I think Lux is +2, but it might be +1. It's all sort of fuzzy at this point. We crawl to the hotel, shower, change, get to the bar for a beer or two and then bed. I was spent, and I'd burned through 5 of my 6, 5 hour energy shots. I remember thinking as my head hit the pillow, "I wonder if I'll be abzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz"
Mask and I met via facebook. A friend of mine was showing his friend (mask) the photos that i have uploaded of my urban exploring knowing that mask likes to explore abandoned buildings too. Mask decided to message me and we chatted via facebook messages for a few weeks. One day I messaged him after coming back from the Geelong power plant.
A few caveats:
I’ve already been in Djelibeybi a few days.
Yes, I’m still alive. Been spending time lurking a few card-related forums and scouring eBay and CheckOutMyCards.com to see what cards may one day enter my collection. In the meantime, here is one card that I ran into that was produced during the “glory days” of baseball cards. It is from 1990 and it shows a very young Ken Griffey Jr. holding a very large card in his hand. The card is of course, his iconic 1989 Upper Deck “rookie”.
The Boers of the republics fought two wars of independence against the British Empire while a number of Afrikaners from the Cape fought on the side of the British during the second Anglo-Boer War.
of students flood into college with the audacity of daring to dream big; the common mindset of most Millennials as we were pumped full of airy ambitions that assured us that ‘we can do anything we put our minds too.’
And wounded by one of my eyes.
Ginger Garlic Paste- 2Tbs
I am surprised by Utah’s forgetful play. Forgetting that size can matter and they have a nice ingredient-mix of strength and finesse; back to and facing. When they are aggressive and fighting for position and spacing, good things can come. Hayward has a nice knack for heading hard to the paint, but goes quiet when his shot doesn’t fall. Stick to the plan. This parallel is easier-said-than-done. San Antonio is feeling it, they’re hot, the coach is coming off an expert year and his team is clicking. All cylinders: Parker, Duncan, Ginobili, even Diaw and the young Leonard are leading the way. They properly space and Parker hits the holes. A terrific wash and clean. Shining.
I was confused and a little stand off-ish at the beginning of this book…but the book gets SO good in the middle. The ending leaves a little hint of a cliff hanger and the romantic triangle I walked into…mmmm. *hands up* I did so willingly.
If you can imagine it, you can do it.
This is another favorite. The witch is one of the best pre made decorations I have seen for Halloween. The cloak is velvety.
The sun is shining and my basic skin care routine seems to be working great still :) So today i am foundation free. In fact for the last week or so i have not worn foundation most days and enjoying the fresh faced feel.
Brigg- Oh I love Jesus's rain.
so, dumping the SYSTEM for good or at least disconnecting from it, or yet at more least – lessening its grip on oneself - I view as a pretty good effort, worth trying. and the thing is – naturally some may think that “how the SYSTEM can be dumped/ changed ? it is unrealistic”. of course, there is no any magic formula to change it overnight on a large global scale.
(Next time you find yourself suffering from an attack of ProG, you can see more of my altered book pages in my Channeling the Beat Generation post.)
Well I wanted to do a bit of geocaching, if not that then just a bit of a recognition where they were so I could bring the daughter back and we could do some swaps, however the weather had other ideas. Lazily I caught the bus up to near the school and went to Morrison’s, I picked up a Disney folder for her Disney 20th anniversary collection cards and then returned to school in time for her star assembly – this is where the teachers congratulate the children on many achievements, be it sitting nicely at lunch time, eating all their lunch if they have been fussy in the past, collecting litter, nice handwriting, the list goes on - I am always proud of our daughter, she has come on brilliantly with her handwriting and all other subjects in lots of positive ways since being in Green class.
The first part of the authority represents the traditional concept of judicial power, involving the settlement of conflicting rights as conferred as law. The second part of the authority represents a broadening of judicial power to enable the courts of justice to review what was before forbidden territory, to wit, the discretion of the political departments of the government.
There was a little bit of white, but it looked a hell of a lot like a cloud. But then the cloud grew. And GREW. Other little spots of white started popping up in other places and connected with each other in long streaks, shimmering like ribbons. The Northern Lights at last!
Handbills and stickers for various species of loud music are strewn around Torchy’s, and I find myself wondering if the girl taking our order knows that the friend I’m here with was once in a local band that did a mean folk-punk Kiss cover. What sort of subterranean streams does she swim in after the sun goes down? It doesn’t matter.
We had tried a bowling alley as our first choice but like every bowling alley on a Saturday evening it was packed and a long wait to get a lane. We opted for something else. We ended up all deciding to try to go skating at a local skating rink as that was something that we could all do. Blurry had attempted to get Halleberry and Man to join us but with our horrible last minute planning they were unable to make it.Once we got in and paid we could see right away the type of crowd we would be around for the vast majority of the evening; young teenagers. We all knew going in that this could become a very humorous evening for us all as none of us had been skating in the last umpteen years. Byford and myself immediately noticed the extremely snug fit of the rental skates and felt a little concerned that we might have to go a size up but quickly realized that once our feet were properly inside of the skate it was a good fit. The look on everyone’s faces when we all stood up with our skates of death on was absolutely priceless. We all feared the absolute worst from all of this of extreme bodily harm. In the beginning we were all very slow to get started but like riding a bicycle some of us were able to get into a rhythm of skating again. Byford’s and Blurry’s kids immediately took interest in skating. Their daughter took some time to get into a groove of skating and was beginning to do quite well by the end of the evening, their son who is much younger never fully grasped the concept but was all smiles even when he would fall down. With all of us being novices to skating by default of not doing it on any sort of a regular basis we all left with no major injuries. Blurry did have some soreness from the event but being the tough gal that she is I think she will pull through without too much trouble. Byford on the other hand only fell once and ironically it was during the wipe out game but at the wrong time and not on the rink. I know he’s going to kill me for that but it’s worth it. I later told him he was going to be the next Brian Boitano and he proceeded to laugh at my smart ass remark.
Michael talked of the privilege that money and respect bestow on doctors, allowing them to hide their dependencies on drugs, but mostly alcohol, from their patients and peers. No matter how often the news media and our own internal prejudices paint the all too obvious portrait of drug addicts as young, poor and black, the statistics prove that, in fact, most impaired people are middle class whites.
I would like to thank everyone who took the time to enter our challenge last week was lovely seeing all your wonderful creations and of course a big thank you to our wonderful sponsors for offering some very yummy prizes so... .who won!!!!!
Coming back to the tart, the heat, maid issues, baby adjusting to school have all been eating away on my time and earlier I managed to pack my baking at around 4-5am but by the time I hit the bed, I am asleep before my baby and manage to barely struggle out 7am. And, if I told you I had help to clean and swab and dust and put my utensils away some of you who do not live in India would be jealous but trust me I would not survive here without all the people helping me!
Christmas parties. Bah humbug. I’m considering cancelling my membership to the mulled wine brigade this December if only to avoid the ‘what will I wear’ conundrum. So far I’ve received six invitations to various incarnations of yuletide cheer from house parties and boozy bashes to Egg Nog tasting and ‘speed carolling’. All I need now are half a dozen outfits that say ‘festive’ yet ‘stain-resistant’; not to mention ‘politically correct’ and ‘fire-retardant’. Let me explain.
This weeks sponsor was:
In this spirit, last week we hosted a little party at the shop, for our customers' kids and everyone who wanted to come. People were so surprised we did not charge anything. They were expecting to pay, and many did not come because they thought they ought to. In the 14th year in this part of the world, and I still feel like an alien at times.
So, I’ll keep washing my t-shirts and wearing them every day — until Lord Stanley’s Cup is back on Canadian soil.
Cynthia shook her head. “If it were such a long term process, why would the effects turn up so abruptly? It would’ve been more gradual, we’d have had signs, increasing reports of problems. Not a sudden global tumble, like this."
Drinkaware.ie have recently launched a new campaign to encourage people to drink at their own pace. The ad clearly targets the younger Irish generation, who can often times be accused of drinking to keep up with the crowd rather than for enjoyment. It is a well known fact that alcohol affects different people in different ways, there are a number of factors that impact a persons tolerance, including weight, age, height and sexuality. Therefore it is vital that people pace themselves and drink within their own capabilities.
It is nearly a year since I went off on my own ........ just catching a bus from our bus station and going off to our local sea side using my bus pass.
YOU MUST BE AN AUSTRALIAN/NEW ZEALAND CITIZEN OR PERMANENT RESIDENT TO ENTER.
Yep sitting, reading and drinking tea!
and tell me to rest,
Last year, an on-site audit by Embraer unveiled what it determined were anomalies in Parker’s software validation and verification documentation processes that were show stoppers. The Brazilian OEM subsequently stationed its own supervisors at the Parker plant to assure that future software releases for the REUs would meet all Brazilian, FAA and EASA airworthiness requirements.
The best thing I heard at the last newspaper convention I attended was that this transformation to digital is a 50-year process and we are still in the toddler years. It's best that newspapers: Stay on top of what is happening; try some things and stop others that aren't working; and, most importantly, realize that no matter what you do, it's going to change again, probably sooner than you would like.
“Susan & Sabrina were great, very helpful, and understanding. They were never pushy and made sure we were making the right choices at all times. We would use them again for our next property purchase.”
Actually, I'm still doing all of those things.
The Idiot basked in the glow of a great and almighty victory over his clueless Father. Surely this joke was the joke to end all jokes and the elder Idiot would soon be clamoring for a peace and surrender summit that would be held outdoors on the patio of the local Taco Bell eatery.
Raimu Faisons un Rêve
Or wasting my time
This is second post for today and I have something to share. This is a card I made little while ago. I used the Nature Walk set (one of my favorites) and some non SU! dsp and silk ribbon. I just wanted to look more vintage and wanted to have a big bow. I used cherry cobbler cardstock and as well (of course) the Distressing essentials kit and some vintage trinkets.
The personal status of religious communities shall be protected and respected.
- $18 for two corbels from Home Depot.
This includes:
The End of Time (Part 2 of 2). Special Episode 8.
Its a good life.
Copics on Cryogen Paper
Russian hostility is unrelenting yet we should reward them by bringing them into a defense alliance that many former Soviet colonies have joined because they want collective defense from Russian efforts to regain territory they lost between 1989 and 1991?
This is a new show to me, but I am pleased to put it on this list thanks to a really quality first season. Of course things started off a little rocky as the show tried to figure out what worked and didn’t. Fortunately they avoided spending too much time at the high school after a silly football tryout episode and instead focused more on interesting plot lines. The human vs. vampire and Salvatore brothers vs. other vampire stories that rooted back into the history of Mystic Falls was far more compelling than rehashing the high school material that Buffy already covered. The cast was smartly selected, with Ian Somerhalder getting the juicy role of Damon. He’s delivering both the humor, but also the conflict between having the instincts predator, albeit with a human conscience. It really is a breakout role for him as he can nail the funny scenes, be charming, play deep emotion and get a little scary too. The show leans a little heavy towards proclamations of love, but thanks to the depictions of pain that is brought by living amongst vampires, it is more than enough to stomach the teen romance. I guess it is just a wonder to me why any show on The CW would strive so hard to make a quality show, but at some point I just need to stop asking those questions and just sit back and enjoy the fact that they are.
So what does all this data mean? It means we’re working harder than ever before and we’re killing ourselves in the process. It seems like there’s a drug for every one of the effects of stress I mentioned and yet there’s not enough talk about disconnecting and taking time off to let your mind and body heal naturally. Meditation experts have been preaching this for centuries and we seem hell-bent on ignoring them and looking for other ways to deal with stress.
Next week my homework is to do more reflection on my personal goals for the trip, why do I think God want's me to go? what does he want me to learn and what is he teaching me along the way? So if you see me staring into space more than usual this week don't be alarmed - i've got some serious thinking to do!
Anyway, I hope you are all well and enjoy the rest of the week!
values the strengths and dignity of every one.
- Monogram canvas with natural cowhide trim
And He wants a daily connection, not a “spirituality here, mundane life there” kind of experience.
In short: If you can't universalize/globalize both the underlying moral principle and the enforcement capacity, then you've either got to give your moral principle up, or else accept that the uneven efforts to impose them are likely to end up empowering bad actors who will profit off of your moral outrage. (And it gets worse: these deviant entrepreneurs sometimes begin to act like termites on the very framework of the state, e.g. the Taliban, the Sinaloa Cartel, the 'Ndraghetta, etc.)
I refuse to let this be the calm before the storm of infertility. Loss of control, failed cycles, negative pregnancy tests, self-pity and bitterness don't have to have victory. I'll make a choice today (and every day) to be still and know that He is God, even as I stand in the pouring rain, face turned upward. I don't have to fight to swim anymore, I've seen that He is good. I have proof of His goodness pulling every piece of Tupperware I own out of the kitchen drawer right this very second, that amazing giggle that melts my heart escaping her lips with every lid that flies through the air.
Taylor died Friday. Tim Finn wrote a thorough obituary. KCUR offers an invaluable report. A television bulletin suggests that "Taylor was considered the last living legend of the great age of Kansas City jazz." A press release from the American Jazz Museum noted that Taylor was a recipient of the institution's Lifetime Achievement Award.
Here are the rules, such as I ever have rules:
Another enduring lie about Ahmadinejad is that he has called for violence against Israel: His 2005 remark re “wiping Israel off the map”, besides being a very questionable translation, has been seriously misinterpreted, as evidenced by the fact that the following year he declared: “The Zionist regime will be wiped out soon, the same way the Soviet Union was, and humanity will achieve freedom.” (Associated Press, December 12, 2006) Obviously, the man was not calling for any kind of violent attack upon Israel, for the dissolution of the Soviet Union took place peacefully.
spray olive oil for muffins tins
The enormity and sickness of this abuse is shown by the example of a street in a Yorkshire town in which all the residents are exclusively Pakistani women with children living on social security. This is nothing new. Way back, in Bradford, Muslim landlords and other Muslim ‘businessmen’ were renowned for abusing and using a system to which they had no loyalty or respect.
I don't have anything kind of freebies to share today, but I did have something that concerned me when I checked my email today and I wanted to just approach you bloggers out there. I received an email to my Teacher's Notebook from a fellow blogger who shall remain anonymous. She informed me that a teacher in her district purchased a set of my Common Core Word Wall cards for a certain grade level and posted them on her districts common access drive that ALL teachers in her district have access to. I just wanted to make sure everyone was aware that these are for personal use only. They are not for sharing with an entire district. I don't mind people sharing things like this with their grade level, but an entire district really is kind of appalling. I just hope that everyone understands how much time was spent on creating those and that it really isn't fair to just give away to who knows how many people. I was just a little bummed to learn this when I came home tonight.
But the good news about countertransference is that, like Casper, it is a friendly ghost. The metaphor is far from perfect, but just like seeing a ghost, experiencing strong countertransference can make us want to turn and run. Yet professionally we know that fleeing is the wrong choice. It can cause us to lose control of how our emotions affect the therapeutic relationship and risk causing harm. So if we choose to face the ghost head on, learn about its “unfinished business,” make friends with it and let it deepen our empathy, countertransference can help to strengthen the bond instead.
One of those odd moments in nature. I didn’t think about it at the time, but I should have removed the pine cone from the split, it is now acting as a wedge to split the tree further every time we have gusty winds. Oh well, the tree is doomed anyway, that split is way too large and close to the ground for the tree to survive as it is.
To use the jig, lay your workpiece alongside the fence with the ends aligned, and mark the bevel with a pencil. Transfer the marks to the top, sides, and front edge of the workpiece so you can easily see the waste area.
7.) back stitch
I signed onto our blog for the first time in weeks and glanced at the family pictures. There we all are: happy, tanned, and grinning in the midst of our summer fun. Which makes it even more ironic that today I seriously debated turning on the heater for the first time. (We didn't. I just told everyone to put on a second layer.)
And darling ... remember, we are glamour girls ...
I always like to have a desk calendar at work and have made myself one in the past, but last year I bought one and intended to do the same this year. Unfortunately I never saw one I liked, so a couple of days ago I (somewhat belatedly) decided to make myself one.
If'n it wasn't happening in the middle of the week, I'd be making my reservations right now.
1 ring
that most of the creators, source of these information,
Up and down 1st Saddle. Nice morning.
Een van die goed wat ek lees oor “The Gambia” is:
I have started my version of the pattern.
1 satisfactory
What I don’t like about Shipito
The road has been bumpy. The recession has taken a large toll on me as it has on all of us, but I have managed to keep it going, and I’m still in business today. More importantly, I’m in a vastly superior place spiritually and mentally. I may not enjoy paid vacation or even basic medical benefits, but I am happy and energized by being on my own and responsible for my own success or lack thereof. I am no longer stuck.
And her precious birth family still faces this same struggled 8 long years later.
It's not a mystery. I'm not sure what this is, but there's no crime as far as I can tell.
List Price: $13.99
Where do I use it?
If you've seen the show, you know that the Duggar family is extremely conservative in their Christian values. While some may find this over the top, I find it refreshing to see a family truly seeking the Lord in their lives and declaring it publicly. Regardless of whether I choose to live my faith in the same way. To see a glimpse into Michelle Duggar's heart (that's the mom), listen to this audio letter she wrote for the baby she recently miscarried. It warms my heart.
Today I’m sharing a JUST FOR FUN card…I rarely get to play just because these days (and that’s ok I’m not complaining…just stating LOL) and I picked this NEW Tiddly Inks digi stamp called “Wryn-Grow a Little Love”. This is a new character and she’s just adorable…Christy Croll always does the cutest lil’ images. I decided to make a card that’s appropriate for Valentine’s Day or Just Because!
Secondly, I have a more safety oriented reason to want to protect my identity. A few years ago someone really wanted hurt me and spent quite a lot of time trying. Since then, I’ve been obsessively protective over my address and phone number. In fact, I’m quite excited about getting married and changing my name because it should sever some of the links back to that person.
Jackie Maguire said the deadline for payment was March 31st, after which late penalties and fines would arise. She said systems would be put in place, such as records held by the ESB for example, to track down people who fail to pay.The extension of the power of the State to gather information from non-State agencies is a “somewhat disturbing development” in Ireland, the Data Protection Commissioner has said.15 Opposition TDs who are campaigning against the new charge say they are prepared to go to jail for non-payment of the charge, for which fines of up to €2,500 can be imposed.The Campaign Against Household and Water Taxes said that the Government should introduce a wealth tax instead. The group’s comments come after the Environment Minister Phil Hogan announced that he is planning to introduce a property tax as early as 2013, which will be based on a homeowner’s ability to pay and the size and value of their property.
Australia is the No. 6 country in the world for Thermomix sales - it seems almost all of them on counter-tops in perth's affluent Western Suburbs.
Believe it or not, Keane started by mimicking cartoons in The New Yorker, a magazine that would never touch The Family Circus.
I arrived at the address and honked the horn. After waiting a few minutes I honked again. Since this was going to be my last ride of my shift I thought about just driving away, but instead I put the car in park and walked up to the door and knocked.. ‘Just a minute’, answered a frail, elderly voice. I could hear something being dragged across the floor.
B. Characters: WHO, hero/heroine, villains, bullies. Brainstorm for ideas
Ava and Angel
The South African government is going down a very scary path here…
I'll be tweeting on the ride there, so make sure to send me your favorite Chicago locales. Hope everyone has a lovely weekend!
My latest food obsession (given the cold) has been soup. Here are is one of my favorites (it's so easy!).
Viewed from another angle, it is to be seen if by describing the actions on paper, I can prevent anyone from performing the poses. That line of argument would not be anymore helpful for Choudhary. It is nothing but a predatory practice to enjoy the gamut of rights under copyright over something in public domain. If I wrote a book on football and described the technique of stepovers, it would be ludicrous to start suing Messi and Ronaldo for publically performing my literary work. Similarly, a painstaking description of how to cut trees will not stop deforestation owing to people fearing a copyright infringement notice in their mailbox. Copyright law has certainly not prevented independent
*Grinding of black pepper
So, starting today, through November 8th (I want to do this for a whole month) I will donate $15 from any Shakeology orders placed through my site. I will do this whether you get on Home Direct (which I highly recommend 'cause of free shipping and workouts and a shaker cup) or you can just order it one time to see how you like it. Either way, I'll donate. And to tie this in with breast cancer, one of the main preventative measures doctors say you can take to avoid breast cancer is being a healthy weight and eating well. Shakeology is fantastic for this. It is a meal replacement shake that is crazy delicious and filling and the most nutritious thing you're going to eat all day, but is only 140 calories, so it can be a super helpful weight loss tool. You can see all sorts of success stories from people who lost a significant amount of weight by just drinking Shakeology once a day and exercising three times a week. Also, smoking has been shown to reduce the risk of pretty much all types of cancer, so if you're a smoker, please please please quit. You can just switch the money that you spend on cigarettes every day to Shakeology, and start giving your body something good.
In all, Die For Me is a thoroughly refreshing read with a fascinating take on something paranormal, wonderful characters that will grow on your heart, and a delectable forbidden romance, all set in the beautifully written Paris.
Synopsis: A young boy named Mike looses his parents in an accident and is having a hard time coping with death. He now lives with his older brother, whom he worships. At the same time, Mike notices that the undertaker at the local cemetery is one mysterious dude. He can lift coffins on his own! At the same time, corpses are disappearing from their graves! Did the old man just swipe Mike’s parent’s bodies to use them for some ulterior motive?
the regional and local levels.
I did a tutorial on how to fold the hats, using origami paper. The hats in my bentos were folded using wax paper. :)
...and the story continued, about 6-7 months had passed. I was on a mission to NOT wear that size 24 dress. And I sure met and exceeded that goal. I was working out, eating right and FEELING GOOD. REALLY GOOD. I had lost quite a bit of weight and it was time for measurements and to try on that 24! Did it fit? HECK NO! I was a size 10! WHAT? I measured a 10? Bummer they had to take that dress in SOOO much? No way, it felt awesome to have them say..."oh, we're going to have to take this dress in, WAY in!"
heather@uncovercolombia
Monday I came down with something, and we barely did anything. Carolyn sanded, and I did another coat of polyurethane on the shelves / back of closet.
Practicality: My husband works in manufacturing, and if he changes jobs it will likely be off-shift. If the kids are home, he can see them regardless of when he works.
Tomorrow’s Mixed Bag deals with the theme of happiness and all songs on tomorrow’s show will be connected to it in some way.
In the past, I had made a loaf or two, but they always fell and came out like bricks. I resigned myself to make one loaf of bread a day, tweaking the method, until something resembling edible came out of the process. The process was brutal on my ego.
Boil some eggs. Place two lovelies in cold water, bring to the boil then turn off the heat and cover. Leave for 13 minutes then rinse under cool water, peel. Done. Perfect hard-boiled eggs.
In the Secular Manifesto Spelled Out, Esser Agaroth comments on an article in YNET - yet another attempt to paint the right as evil, the left as righteous. There are no perfect truths, no 100%, no black and white. This post tries to add balance to a subject sadly lacking it.
Even McDonald’s was closed. As we circled the parking lot to get a closer look at this rare sight, we saw the signs that direct customers through the take-out operation. The first stop, at the big board of burger pictures, simply says “Order Here.” The second stop has a sign which reads “Thank You For Having Your Payment Ready,” a directive poorly disguised as a polite request. Finally, when you pick up your order at the last window, the sign reads simply “Thank You.” What they really mean at this point in the transaction is “Be Gone!”
After my workout, Dean came over before we headed out to sushi. Only we didn’t leave for dinner until 9:30 because we both were now glued to my TV watching Ghost Adventures, which is a show involving these guys who go and investigate haunted places. I watch the weirdest crap on tv! Haha. It was really interesting, though, and really freaky. I mean…some of the stuff they caught on video was pretty convincing although I suppose it could have been totally set up. Either way, it was pretty entertaining.
Bigger waves and retro smoothness is edging out the flat-ironed look. Hair is also geometric on the perimeter and heavily layered in the middle to produce more body in addition to texture and adaptability. Extremely loose perms carry the textured style nicely. Color is basically a must for spring due to all the brilliant colors in our outfits. Color is more vibrant and more tone on tone versus the contrasty style of highlights. Imagine rich brown hair with a hint of light brown hair in gently placed foils. An added look that is really playful and stylish is Crayola-bright panels of hair (such as clip-ins or bonded extensions) inserted into the underneath hair where they casually show and fade away with your movements. The buzzword in hair color circles is small amounts of “Rose/Gold”, which is a coppery red gold accent.
Coronation Street: Andrew Lancel (Frank Foster) - WINNER
So we started looking. And looking. And doing the math. And looking some more. And saving some more. And doing more math.
Using an electric mixer, blend until creamy.
Activate your background layer, floodfill white
After all that prep work, begins the fun part! Now you begin gluing them onto your lanterns. Once you have assembled your lanterns, add a dot of hot glue to the bottom tip of the flower, press and apply gently yet firm, you don't want to punch a hole in the lanterns. Continue this process until your entire lantern is covered. I started at the top of the lantern and worked my way around and down the lantern. I also alternated the direction of the flowers as well to add more visual interest. This also helped to achieve more coverage. Once I got to the bottom, I took the lantern, turned it over and sat it in a bowl to hold it steady. Don't worry if you smash the flowers you have already glued, once you are done, you are going to go around and fluff the entire thing. If you notice any empty spaces, begin your process of flowers and fill them in. You can also hang the lanterns on a
Yea that even kinda creeped me out..
"For Converse 1HUND(RED) Artists, Engman drew upon the fabled character of Little Red Riding Hood as her primary inspiration. Engman noted, “The artist’s role in contributing to a cause is to try to help us see the cause anew, to understand it, to feel it in a visceral way.” She chose the character for her pluck and bravery, her warmth and kindness, and her iconic familiarity. Indeed, the Little Red Riding Hood character appears in many of Camilla’s works as a recurring motif. “I wanted the design not to interfere too much with the shoe and to be something I would like to wear myself. The Little Red Riding Hood character has appeared in many of my paintings and drawings and probably will again. She has so many attributes that I like,” she added."
Devouring what is.
Best Actor BENEDICT CUMBERBATCH AND JONNY LEE MILLER for Frankenstein at the Olivier
From here it was into Studio J, which was a feast for the eyes as pretty much every inch of this Studio was filled with sets and pieces from all of the films. To say it was vast just doesn’t cover it as the horizon just went on and on with its sets and costumes and sets, each one instantly recognisable.
Her actual words which caused the controversy were “Israel is not going to be there forever on its present performance”. She has confirmed to us that her intention was to imply that Israel’s wilful failure to uphold and respect the human rights of Palestinian Muslims and Christians is behaviour which is likely to lead to its self-destruction. This failure by Israel applies both with regard to its own Arab citizens (whom it discriminates against) and to the people of the Occupied Palestinian Territory (who have endured Israeli occupation for nearly 45 years). We consider that her words, when interpreted in this context, were entirely reasonable.
However, i just stumbled on a website i found very interesting called Y! Naija and its a website that focuses on the voice of the youth in Nigeria. It addresses the national political issues of Nigeria and attempts to motivate young people who wish to see a change, to be informed on everything that goes on in the country. All the writers of the articles in this website are young people. You can check this website at http://ynaija.com/.
When I received the new Haberdashery stamp plate from Glenda, I knew that I wanted to decorate a box with compartments in which to place all of the elements. I didn't have one the right size, so I set about making one myself from grey board. I cut two pieces of 8" x 8", and trimmed squares from the top one before glueing them together. I painted the piece with acylic paint, and dry brushed it with a small amount of cream paint, to give it a distressed, aged feel. I then added some of Lesley's new lovely Chic Script paper as a background.
wondering if she will have already finished it by the time that I get
I stop for some Java and head the two blocks west to the art show and my booth space. It's right on the corner of East Fourth and Washington streets. The neighborhood has obviously been going through improvements over a number of years and most of the storefronts have operating businesses in them. Even at 6:30AM there are other people other than us artists walking around. Everyone is amazingly friendly and happy - I wonder what they put into the water around here?
So, if we take a look at my groceries, it’s easy to see where the big budget breakers were- milk and orange juice. The milk, however, will last me 2+ weeks. The orange juice is what I take my iron with, and that lasts me about a month. The rice and beans will last a while- probably a few months. When you look at it that way, it’s not so bad.
One tab in particular will be a continual work in progress and I hope my readers will check it out and share more resources than what I've already listed. It is labeled "Pregnancy Loss Resources." It's a pretty small list right now because I know there are many more resources out there than what I've already listed. But this is just the beginnings and mostly off the top of my head (and past my bedtime). So more to come on that and I hope if you know of a good resource (particularly Catholic ones) you'll share it so I can add it to the list.
If I could jump into cartoon land, I'd be Betty Boop. I'd lasso you and pull you right down here. You would flail and buck as I struggled with the rope, but your frightened look would melt away when I came into view, catching my breath and batting my eyelashes. Your crazy moon face would split into a toothy grin. Then I'd kiss you just so.
Also, he chewed on andrews gear shifter, so the end cap is no longer on, and then he chewed on the windsheield wiper nob.....so the wipers were going like crazy when the truck turned on.
Tea rose keta (chum): Remember what we said about chum in the post on Pacific salmon? It’s very clean but also low in omega 3s. If you’ve consumed your weekly ration of other species and still want more, add some chum.
I don’t see the use striving after refuse,
I thought I'd have enough time to make a new design for the holiday season this year, but I've been so busy with orders and life that I just don't have the time. So, I decided to have the same Holiday giveaway as last year – the "Holiday" mix of my popular wire sculpture wreath necklace.
the day is long
A decision by a custody officer to transfer someone to an A&E department, having determined in good faith that the possible clinical risks are too great to be managed within a small concrete room by a doctor without much kit or cannot yet arrive, is lawful. Failures to do until it is potentially too late have in the past been grounds for suspension, disciplinary action and even criminal prosecution.
‘Ha, yes – now that would be handy,’ said the Doctor, spinning on one heel, lurching forwards, and waggling a finger at the fruit, ‘except that one’s not sonic, it’s real. See?’ he flicked at the skin, ‘Fruit flies. They like a banana …’ The Doctor leaped backwards again and skidded over to one of the panels in the console. ‘Time, of course, is a different matter …’
What people can expect is a very ambitious short film for the budget we have. We’re attempting and achieving pretty crazy shots for the mount of money we have to spend, but sometimes that’s how you get the best results. You can’t put a price on the blood, sweat, and tears that are molding the film. I am really happy with what we have done so far, and in a couple of weeks we finish shooting the film and then the real adventure in the edit begins!
Neleah is in tears every time she owes someone money...This is her after she slammed the bank machine to the table when paying Amy rent...
State Senator Eric Adams, who has in the past expressed concerns about Atlantic Yards, was not a supporter of the rally.
So truly this is one ABSOLUTELY do NOT stress about this pattern. Just do not cut through the center block you chose and everything will turn out perfectly fine.
29. It is a testament to the importance of literature and poetry in Scottish life that the majority of hospitals in the country have a Burns unit, named after Robert Burns. Many also have a Urology unit, named after Joan Ure, and some even have a Trauma unit, named after Thomas the Rhymer.
If you are interested in working with us to film a special your special day please contact us at:
More on all of this later. The girls are fighting over the toilet (seriously)! Just wanted to finally end my silent streak and say HI!
Angel is so proud of his certificate of baptism and church membership.
She endured diabetes and not long before she passed away, she went blind....
But before he could do that, Anwar proudly showed off Xenophone to the media at Parliament: it was obvious that the Australian was going to be a weapon in Anwar’s battle to beat the sodomy charges.
happens to be his one-time creditor)? That's the kind of bafflement I
It's His Birthday
In addition, Amazon Prime members can currently rent Provex City for free from the Kindle Lending Library! In order for me to put it into the Lending Library, I had to make Provex City exclusive to Amazon for at least 3 months. At some point I will take it off the Lending Library so I can upload Provex City to the Barnes & Noble website and the iBookstore. So take advantage of renting Provex City for free while you can!
Both Spider-Man sequels, in 2004 and 2007, would break their predecessor’s opening day record, earning $40.4 million and $59 million, respectively. Spider-Man 3, shown on more than 10,000 screens at 4,252 locations, boasted an opening weekend haul of $151.1 million. That record would stand until July 2008, when The Dark Knight, the fifth film in the Batman franchise, grossed $155 million in its first weekend. Only 19 days after its release, The Dark Knight had taken in $405.7 million in the United States alone, passing the first Spider-Man to become the most successful comic book movie of all time.
Our country’s negotiated war has proved this assertion.
08 By the Time I Get to Phoenix
SAP Active Global Support (AGS) offers comprehensive services for each aspect of customers’ software implementation including operations, upgrades, quality management, root cause
Master Pearson using hypnosis for a relaxation exercise.
171 10. “One’s Character is One’s Fate?” Congressional Record, vol. 125, pp. 36365-36366; Daily Record, pp. E6162-E6163 (December 15, 1979). (Source: Item D-X/12(A)/1979, below. Incorporated in Item C-1986(3), below, pp. 624-28.)
On the first day of the festival, all guests will be waiting with a glass of plum Horincă, our hosts dressed in costumes, a great pleasure to welcome you with hospitality typical Maramures true.
Life is getting in the way of my blogging time and also lack of sun/light in my little flat means no pictures. BUT I'm going back to Devon next week where I will devote time to taking snaps and outfit pictures so blogging can happen more often!
hobbling
Technicality aside, it was a good read. The pace was a little slower than that of your average YA novel; but then again, this technically isn’t a YA novel (although it’s perfectly appropriate for a teen audience). It’s definitely more character-driven than action-driven. There were parts that dragged, but I never got bored. And I have a bone to pick with part of the ending (Meyer left it open for a sequel, which is fine, but how she did it I found a bit creepy).
He suggests that UK universities are particularly attractive to autocrats with large chequebooks because they represent "a much softer underbelly, with less potential for embarrassment" that the United States. Several American universities have set up campuses in the region, with generous funding from their hosts, but when it comes to direct investment there have sometimes been problems.
8:22: I head downstairs to start the school day. The school room floor is coverd in dried-up bits of Play-Doh, which I learn is from Penguin playing with it yesterday after I distinctly told her to leave it alone.
In a world where most of your basic needs are met - one way or the other - what drives a person to succeed? To make something of herself? To rise from a childhood of abuse, neglect, and a mother named Tequila (really? but then, not so different from Brandy) into positions of leadership and fulfillment? Is it hardship? education? a close connection to parental figures? Stephenson takes his time in exploring these questions, and the reader is richer for it.
If you suffered from the flu this year, I am so sorry. It’s debilitating, isn’t it? Unable to get out of bed for several days, I stayed warm beneath the covers. With a throbbing headache, I wasn’t able to read. All I could do was be still. I now have a better understanding of the verse in Psalm 46: “Be still and know that I am God.”
“Look at yourselves. Some of you teenagers, students. How do you think I feel and I belong to a generation ahead of you – how do you think I feel to have to tell you, ‘We, my generation, sat around like a knot on a wall while the whole world was fighting for its human rights – and you’ve got to be born into a society where you still have that same fight.’ What did we do, who preceded you ? I’ll tell you what we did. Nothing. And don’t you make the same mistake we made….”
3. Mexican Poblano, Spinach, and Black Bean "Lasagne" with Goat Cheese
I need to get some irregular present tense verbs introduced in level 1 before sending the students off to level 2. I want to keep the verbs in context as much as possible, so today I created a couple of activities to focus the students’ attention on saber and conocer, the verbs “to know” in Spanish.
"It's Sunday." He said with a little sneer.
Laughingly it is most commonly suffered by stiletto wearers, dancers and athletes, none of which I sadly am, certainly not the last two, which frankly adds insult to injury, it’s like the universe is taking the piss out of me for not being sexy, talented or fit. Also, just to make it worse, because I have to do everything bigger and better than everyone else, I don’t just have one tumour, I have two, one ‘massive’ one (the radiographers words’) between my second third toe and a ‘smaller one’ between my third and fourth. I’m awesome. And I can feel them, I can feel them inside my feet all the time, even when I have no shoes on and I’m just sitting down, I can feel them, the two little buggers sitting in there pinching at my nerves laughing at me. So consequently now my own bloody foot creeps my out. Which sucks. And is a bit embarrassing. Don’t even let me get started on the ‘treatment’, urrrghhh.
I'm heading to 'The Bottle', a friendly and out of the way pub which is not known to many people.
