And, as in your hearts, mothers,
Hope your al having a great weekend!?.
A little while ago Peter, Abby, and I headed up to Alexandria, VA to help Julie move into her new place. Well, Peter helped and I helped Abby stay out of the way and occupied her on the swing and chased around the cat, plus two diaper changes in the back of the Prius. Groovy and the Dynamic Darlene were there as well to assist. It’s a cute lil’ apartment and I’m sure Julie and Betsy kitty will feel right at home very soon. There’s so much to do around the DC/NOVA area and we plan to see Julie so much more now – that is the best part of all of this. Julie and I are on the hunt for a good concert to attend in the area but so far we’ve only come across Marilyn Manson or Michael Bolton. It’s a shame that Manson isn’t the opening act for Bolton. That would be the ultimate concert experience.
According to Kenneth Anger´s “Lucifer Rising” and inspired by the Externsteine I created a video to one of my songs called “Given.”
Di has a blog that really does deserve this award! I came across Di's blog and loved it so much that I started to read all her past posts. Di has an Etsy store, and has for sale some fantastic items. On one post was a selection of pewter hunting themed lapel pins that Di had purchased at auction, so I left a comment about how much I loved the fox pin. Di contacted me to say that she still had the pin and would love me to have it. A parcel arrived with not only the fox pin inside, but another charming pin with pheasants on, and all beautifully wrapped too. To receive a gift from someone who I had just left a comment for, shows what a generous and kind hearted person Di is.... and she is so much more too :)
Although the word is Indonesian, the fabrics come from all over the world: Thailand, Cambodia, Central and South America, India, Japan, Turkey, revealing that the technique developed in multiple cultures worldwide, and each have their particular ethnic patterns.
If you are not familiar with the shop I suggest you head over there now! You won't be disappointed. All the details of this weeks challenge, the prize and some fabulous inspiration from the Diva's can all be found on the main blog page HERE
25.What is your most marked characteristic?
Such signs of a robust and growing community don't mesh with national Islamist activists who depict Muslims as under siege. On the other hand, those groups routinely smear Muslim voices who proclaim loudest that America is the best place for a Muslim to practice his/her faith.
“How you doin man?” is all he said
Holy crap when I posted this I just saw the nutrion information. Now that's a freakin' breakfast!
Jituboh also asked him to shift the blame of the bombing
I Tiresias, old man with wrinkled dugs
I’ve heard the excuse of the MTA— the state funding is lacking. All New York State and City agencies have felt the crunch. But the reality is that the MTA’s financial picture is what it is because of the bloated and wasteful spending of the agency itself. This is the same agency that sells-off land underpriced to wealthy developers while laying off their municipal workers. New York State Comptroller Thomas DiNapoli reported earlier this year that MTA overtime costs soared 26% between 2005 and 2009, nearly $3M more than anticipated this year alone. MTA overall spending has grown at an average annual rate of 7% during the past five years, more than twice the rate of inflation. The MTA’s outstanding debt totals about $27.5B, 54% higher than it was five years ago. The MTA Real Estate Taxes are coming in short by $105M. The MTA Payroll Mobility Tax will be over $200M short of projected returns by the end of the year. These muddled numbers and others leave you with an $800 million deficit— a deficit that seems to steadily increase. And recently, Moody’s reduced the rating on the MTA’s transportation revenue bonds to A3, the fourth-lowest investment grade.
When I parked my car and opened the door, there on the ground was a banking envelope, you know for the ATM, unsealed with cash in it! There was only one other car beside me. I picked it up, walked in and started to ask if anyone lost a banking envelope from TD.
Having several positive home pregnancy tests. Taken a blood test and having positive results. At this point, I would suggest to make an appointment with the gynecologist where you will be given confirmation of the test results along with your first sonogram. Some clinics will not offer a sonogram during early pregnancy. Some require that you are at sonogram. least two months pregnant before performing a sono on you because of the high risks of having a miscarriage. Since most miscarriages happen during the first two months of pregnancy . It would just be more emotionally harder for the mother after seeing their baby on the monitor or picture of a sonogram.
To sit
I’m glad I didn’t watch this in the theaters, it would’ve been a waste of P150.
Row 3-BLO, ch1, sc in each sc. (24)Row 4- ch1, (sc in 2, 2sc) around. (32)
One of my favorite areas to teach is writing. I think that a student's writing truly shows the growth over a year. I know that in the past, I have always enjoyed going back to my childhood scrapbooks and seeing just what I was like as a child. Since I began my first year of teaching, I have always wanted to create this same experience for my students. Every year, I keep all of the writings that we complete in a big Rubbermaid container. Then, at the end of the year, we pull that container out and we sort through the students writing. This has definitely become one of our favorite days of the year. I love hearing the students reflect on all of their learning through the year and it always makes them so proud of their accomplishments. I love the fact that I can send my students into their next school year as proud and CONDIFENDENT writers.
In the commotion the stolen car zoomed away, never to be seen again. One police officer was slightly injured but thank goodness no one was standing near the window upstairs. More details at Carroll Gardens Patch
White countries for EVERYONE.
Since I found this wool, I've picked up some French navy 10ply wool for a song too! Have you unravelled any old jumpers just for the yarn? There are some real bargains out there for the intrepid yarn-hunter. You may not get your first choice of colour, but that would be too easy wouldn't it?! And it can always be turned into a blanket like my Grandma's.....
02-Wallflower
In the last few days he has cut his 2 bottom teeth, let go of the island and took a step toward me and learned the B sound.
This was the perfect breakfast, too. We all woke up and served up some broth, along with a boiled egg or two and some jerky. Simple, delicious. I hope you’ll make it and enjoy it too!
Over the past two weeks more than a few readers have emailed me, asking if things are okay, asking about the blog, and when am I going to post again.
But freedom, I've discovered,
Security is also a major issue http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2088986/London-2012-Olympics-security-Special-forces-strength-Thames.html and only a few Sundays ago we had 2 jets flying up and down the Thames past us (I hadn't thought of the Olympics when it was happening - I actually thought they were intercept jets (they are!) and something major was occurring at that moment!
and that Ulua was definitely our favourite beach.
Autumn 1967
Your average Territory cattle grazier is deeply concerned about how his or her livestock is treated. All farmers with cattle care about their livestock and take pains to make sure that the animals are as happy as possible. But how to get this message across into the metro media, the place that conditions government responses to issues that arise from time to time in the public sphere? This is the challenge. It's not easy, but it's not impossible either. I wrote this post in the hope that it can help farmers to understand the dynamics of the metro media, from the point of view of a freelance journalist. A lot of metro news outfits do not take freelance stories now due to the difficult economic times newspapers are facing. But that doesn't mean that you can't get your message across. For many newspapers, staff journalists are in constant contact with public relations operatives (PRs), who send them story ideas in the same way that a freelancer will pitch a story to editors and journalists working for a news vehicle.
Regrettably, through a process that still cries out for explanation, Quatro became worse than any prison that even the apartheid regime - itself considered a crime against humanity - had ever had.
Day 13- Favorite poet
In 1968, racial tensions were palpable as the Civil Rights movement rallied and mobilized Americans supporting an end to the blatant racial atrocities of the day. More and more, the journalistic media began to air the footage to support getting the word out about the many realities and inequities on how Blacks were viewed, treated, and kept in their place in America. Maryland lies at the Mason-Dixon line between the North and South, and its history reflects the turmoil wrought out of the bigotry and Jim Crow law no longer legal, but hard to change as human behavioral change growth is most difficult when anchored in resistance. My mother gave me clear and detailed directions about riding the public bus for the first time out of my neighborhood into an all-white part of the City. Her protective clarity and warnings about what I might encounter scared me, though I was a very tall, large, and confident girl who had not feared people or places before. I struggled to digest why anyone would want to harm me, but against the backdrop of the television news shows, I soon realized that Negroes are not safe when travelling alone. As a working woman and single mother, my mother could not afford to accompany me to the large junior high school where school testing was provided. I arrived at the school of four wing locations after walking alone from the bus stop, which let me off about a quarter-mile from the school. I walked alone quickly speaking to no one, and soon arrived on campus confused about which entrance to enter. After two failed attempts, I approached a caucasian woman just arriving on the parking lot and asked about where to find the school testing entrance. She turned out to be the school psychologist who would conduct the testing, and I walked with her into the school. She was nice, talking comfortably with me – she felt safe to me. I liked her and soon was not afraid anymore. Taking the time to explain the testing and timeframes with me, I started the varied aspects of testing. There was a comfort in knowing that test items were not difficult for me, and I completed all sections before the alloted test period ended. I would return in two weeks for results and a discussion of my placement recommendations. I left assured that I, a Black girl, had done my best.
Nice guys finish last, right? That’s the lie we’ve all been told for so long. The thing is, I’m not quite sure where it came from. But whoever made it up, surely did find a way to pretty much entrench it into the minds of most men (at least many men that I know and have come across).
Afterwards, I took a nice long nap, to get ready for my 'bash'. The Hubs and the kids took me to the restaurant. Sadly, I don't have any photos from this event because even though I brought my camera, I was too busy being "in the moment" to take any. Friends did take some for me, though, I just haven't gotten copies from them yet. No worries on that scrappin' front! My bestest buds were there, plus a couple of their husbands... and a surprise friend who is my LONGEST running friend since I moved here to Ohio. We don't get to spend a lot of time together because our lives move in such wildly separate directions, so it was awesome that she was able to make it. From my friends I got some lovely gifts, including a wonderful art print (she has a different art print in her office that I have coveted) all the way from New Mexico...
Click on Advanced options to show our details for this key pair.
over and over thinking, no way can it be that easy but it was. The only problem I had was trying to protect my floors from all the spray adhesive. I need to square it up in the morning, attach the binding then make a label and call it done. The downstairs is covered in minky fuzz, lots of dusting, vacuuming and mopping will be going on after I enjoy my free day. I feel like a kid who just found out they are having a snow day off from school!!
You are right. It is ironic how all those times that we were there, going to same malls, eating at same restaurants, maybe doing some same things, We never met. Ironic how we had to know each other here. And God gave you to me right when everything was almost settled. May sound weird but yeah, everything was in good timing. Certainly not perfect, we know that, but the God was indeed strategic with His timing.
almost as surely
Sounds like you've got it all figured out. Congratulations! :)
PPS: Tits and Bums Magazine have posted my Will Self piece in full. I still have the transcript of that interview, which I might put on here next year, if you're lucky.
But, they all worked very well together.
Rogue Brewery / Brewer's on the Bay Chocolate Stout
To obtain a gun license in South Africa, one must pass a written “competency test.” The South African constitution recognizes 11 official languages, but the test is only given in two of them, Afrikaans and English. Imagine if your gun ownership rights depended on passing a written test in a language you could not read!
Good morning! It is time to open another window on the Whiff of Joy advent calendar! If you discover which designer is hosting today's prize you have a chance to win the stamp used on their card.
I could so with a new improved energy saver model fridge also. I noticed lately that mine is going into defrost mode quite often and the ice maker is making funny noises on occasion. When I do get a new one it'll be larger so I can take the second (beer) box outta the office. Don't need it like I did 20 years ago when we moved here and used to keep plenty of beer on hand. :-)
CROYDEN: Homeowner shot dead by black attackers despite desperate attempt by housekeeper.
The Security Chief returns his prisoner and begins to interrogate the Doctor but the War Chief interrupts and reveals that the Doctor is from his same race and that he indeed knows him! We then get a glorious scene where the Doctor talks about stealing a TARDIS and his reasons to leave his home planet. The War Chief also reveals that the point of the War Games are as a testing ground to find the perfect army for a universal conquest by the War Lords, claiming, "man is the most vicious species of all!" I like this in theory but I'm not sure how true it is in the Doctor Who universe. The War Chief also explains that he wants to create a United Galactic Empire. The War Lord agrees to spare the Doctor, but make's the War Chief responsible for him. The War Chief also reveals to the Doctor his intentions to take over as Supreme Galactic Leader; something that he will regret saying later.
Just then I hit another bump in the road, and the voice shouted out, "Hey!" in an accusatory manner. I recognized Shrek's tinny voice that time and grinned to myself. At the next bump the plastic McDonald's toy protested again, "Hey!" My amusement grew, but it wasn't until I crossed the railroad tracks and Shrek lost his temper shouting, "Alright! Cut it out!" that I couldn't keep my giggles to myself.
2: Tax cuts
Recently in SXSW conclave, American Express (Amex) has been appreciated for encouraging use of social media. They not only to engage their customers, but also for encouraging business to offer their products and services to amex card members enabled with geo targeting ads. And making a couponless solution.
These targets are “may be morbid” for you but they hold significance in my life and in the life of many other people. Many people must have already achieved these necessary targets but I am finding myself able and efficient to achieve them now.
Ok anyway enough of blah blahing.
4. The military will be nationalized.
That's right! They had the story about Jesus asking Peter to step out of the boat in the middle of the lake with him, didn't they?
When I was 14, my mother, trying to find some group activity where I could meet others my age (my very social, extroverted, and outgoing sister made friends wherever she went, and so never really caused worry in that area for my parents!), my mother came across the Air Cadets. A Department of Defence funded youth program, based on military structure. A big draw was that it was entirely free! Hey, why not, I thought. So my sister and I both joined. When I tell people now, in all my anarchist hippieness, that I was in cadets for three years, they look at me in shock! To be honest, I find it rather surprising myself, at this point! :-P But I learned a lot in those three years, and not any of it stuff you'll find in brochures advertising the program. There was so much bullying, so much dishonesty and bullshitting, so much sucking up to officers in charge, and treating lower ranked cadets like dirt. It was stressful most of the time, fun occasionally. I learned just how things SHOULDN'T be! Just how people shouldn't interact. It helped shape and solidify my opinions, so that when I finally decided I'd had enough when I was 17 and left, I was searching. Searching for the things I thought were right, the ways I thought people should live and be. It was shortly after I left that I embraced unschooling, and started seriously looking into anarchy. It still amazes me I lasted that long in cadets, and though it seems strange and rather silly to say, that time, though I don't regret it, did hurt me in some ways. I learned what it was like to be treated as lesser, to be made to feel shame for making mistakes, to function within a rigid structure of rules, to be constantly judged.
The first course wasn't started with a beer, but this is pretty awesome to have just sitting on a table. This was Independence Brewery's Stash IPA. Wanna firkkin?
This “Daily Upkeep” section of the schedule covers the cleaning that you’ll need to tend to each and every day.
As the likes of the aggressive and seemingly vindictive Burn The Sun, the compulsive and crushing Countless Wounds, and the title track leave the senses bloody and gasping for breath from the onslaught the album shows no mercy despite offering up sparkling invention and tempering asides. The band is at its very best though when they let the imaginative craft and ideas have a fuller rein. The brooding opening to Blood Red Desert Plain suggests more of the same of that which came just before it but although still a battering upon the ear it brings a glorious crimson skyline with grand soaring keys to add a full and epic disposition to the track and ear.
Also, more importantly, imagine being called a criminal for life just because they indulged in an act in the heat of the moment or out of curiosity.
As a parent, it’s heartbreaking to watch my daughter waste away before my eyes, to see her intense fear of food – the one thing that once provided, energy, health, strength and nourishment to her body & brain is now a subject of fear. I never envisaged this life. In all the years she and her brothers suffered chronic asthma as children, and were hospitalised countless times fighting to breathe. I never imagined that I would find myself again, fighting alongside her, willing her to choose life, encouraging her to beat an insidious disease that threatens her life.
Next, Chef Stefano whipped up a mouthwatering seafood risotto.. oh my lord, the smell of the risotto cooking was just lovely. Chef Stefano tells us that the most important thing to remember when making a risotto are the 3 steps: 1.Toast the rice with butter, 2.Keep stirring and adding stock in small amounts and 3. Add butter/olive oil in the end (the mantecatura) Looks like my recipe for mushroom risotto has all the right requirements for a good risotto. ;)
Did you know that Friday, February 3 was Wear Red Day to fight heart disease in women?
Nightmares: they are scary and disturbing, often about neglect or lack of preparation, I miss my alarm, show up without shoes. My wife might dream that she forgets to feed the peanut or leaves him somewhere… I actually have often had similar baby-neglect dreams over the years, but have pleasantly discovered that most of the time, they get fed and have never been seriously misplaced.
So yes, I'm done here... I have been for over a week. I went through HS once and I'm not trying to do it all over again. I left for the simple reason people are b!tches! I have enough real dramaz in my life. So GBCN! I do still love a few of you... you know who you are, lol. And I have the guts to say blondie is a two faced b!tch. NNO, you are sweet but you need get a pair of balls, and know who your true friends are, your secret would have been save with me. And Kel, you're two faced too. And BW- you have no right to call anyone else out... I mean you're like the debbie downer of 12-24 and you're always looking to tear someone else down so you feel better about yourself. And you're like the farthest from normal. LOL...
Christina Aguilera: I personally don't like fishtail dresses but I love this dress from the knee up
And so, last October, I began my research on POD publishing. First, I visited every site I could possibly find on POD, from sheer Vanity publishers like Dorrance and Vantage, to a multitude of subsidy publishers and even traditional publishers who had set up a sister subsidy wing, as an example of this: Discovered/Undiscovered Authors. I critiqued and recorded all the information I could find. Let me also add, I read a number of books on self-publishing, including those by Mark Levine and Dan Poynter among others. I also found various writing forums which were immensely informative. My approach with the forums, if possible, was to observe as a guest for a period of time, and then register at a later date. Several on yahoo, I could not be bothered with. They are either too little frequented or full of spammers. One of the better forums is called Christianwriters. It is on my favoured links. I do regularly visit this forum but have never posted to it. That’s not because it is not an excellent forum, but if I’m honest, I simply do not think it digs deeply enough into the publishing business, rather it discusses the same issues, and yet, even then, barely scratches the surface. The two forums I think best suited to an author considering POD publishing are Absolutewrite and Books&Tales.
Let’s move on to the next format, Limited! With constructed decks you had to build a deck containing a minimum of 60 cards, with limited that minimum is decreased to 30 (not including your hero). You might read this and think “Oh that’s a lot easier!” but I can assure you that it is not.
Most cases of chronic idiopathic constipation are caused by hormone disorders, neurological disorders, muscular digestive problems, bowel problems, and rectum. Idiopathic chronic constipation can affect anyone, but most of the problems commonly found chronic idiopathic constipation in women.
Me: Basically, I just want to be able to make a call, check my email, have a camera, and…well….maybe, be able to get onto Facebook.
Reading and book signing with David Lunt. It was David who gave me the idea of developing the Literature side of the festival. He has recently been published and will be giving a reading followed by talking about getting published and recounting his recent experiences.
This is a lesson that has been reinforced to me hard recently, as I have been moved to a part of town I am very unfamiliar with. Sometimes the maps (whether hand drawn, or GIS) is not enough. This (hypothetically of course) could lead to you running a fire in your second due and not knowing 100% were you are going and ending up 2nd due. Sure you still get to do some good fireground work but you should have been on the initial attack line and….well Im rambling and this in no way really happened (lol).
Theist; How did it did? I wish you had more information beside time did it.
Bell's Brewery, Inc. Bell's Pale Ale
A microwavable bowl with cover (The Pampered Chef Rice cooker or the new Round Baker (stoneware) both work well)
American Crow 8
Now to the front cover. With the cut out rectangle in place, stamp images (Oxford Impressions) onto the cover.
7. Boys are better tractor drivers than girls.
“The object is not to make the tree look like a bonsai, but to make the bonsai look like a tree.” - John Naka
Sorry for the short post... it is a lovely and beautiful Sunday Easter and I must spent this time with my loved ones! Hope you are doing the same, no matter where you are!!!!
It’s Friday, so it seems unfair to have to scratch your heads at a conundrum that emerged from the High Court yesterday. NAMA Top 10 developer Treasury Holdings is in the wars with NAMA. In January, NAMA had receivers appointed to a slew of Treasury properties and companies; Treasury got upset and applied to the High Court in Dublin for a judicial review of NAMA’s dealings with its loans; the courts last month granted Treasury its wish for a judicial review which is set to take place in the coming months. Treasury is, according to NAMA and it doesn’t seem to be disputed by any party, “massively insolvent” – it has loans of €2.7bn including €1.7bn from NAMA and its assets are worth half that, so that NAMA says the company was insolvent to the tune of €859m. So NAMA, naturally enough given it is facing into an expensive court case where it will defend its dealings with Treasury’s loans, sought security for its costs (should it win of course). This preliminary point was set to come before the High Court yesterday, but just beforehand, NAMA came to an agreement with Treasury which is reported by the Irish Times today and is as follows:
* Inundating cultivated lands with toxic herbicides, in particular the dangerous Monsanto product Roundup, to which the GMO seeds have been made biotechnically resistant. Any other growth should succumb to Roundup, were it not for the fact that weeds to a very large extent become Roundup resistant.
1/2 tsp. cloves
When pre-teens have consensual sex
went to Mrewa District. Chiwara went to Musana Reserve. The family of Chiyanike,
(Oppressive air
But there have been almost daily demonstrations by its students.
And, of course: pray. Pray. Pray, without ceasing.
Out of a class of 16 students, two stood up.
For those of you who are tech heads, the 4061 are omnidirectional miniature condenser mics. When I say miniature I mean miniature, like the size of a pencil eraser. The mics have a frequency response of 20Hz to 20kHz with a 3 db soft boost from 8-20 kHz and wide dynamic range of 97dB. But what makes these mics ideal for live situations is the fact that the max SPL before peaking or clipping is 144 dB and the total harmonic distortion is less than 1% up to 123 dB SPL. In layman’s terms that means great sound reproduction in close micing situations with no clipping or distorting. Amazing!!!
We are the arching
What I most looking forward to: We go for our genetic scan and squential screening on Nov 5. I just want to hear that my baby is ok!
After one night in bed, they both find themselves addicted. In Jillian, Conner has found the perfect sub…and in him she finds someone she can trust. Falling in love isn’t what they expected, but walking away is impossible—especially when they realize someone wants Jillian dead.
This cost me approximately $2.53 (3/4 box borax), $2.63 (5/6 box of arm & hammer) and $1.99 for the Fels Napthia for a total of $7.15 for 13 cups.
-Does she return your text? or emails? She may not be a phone person, and has trouble with face to face, but if she talks to you through text or email and she makes a point to communicate with you, then yes, she is interested.
Well, actually, the bloodsuckers that burst into ice are mine. I twisted in that part on my own. ;) In my story, Hel can reach down, take a ball of snow, create a demon (vampire) and send it to earth. She’s building an army that way.
Mellie laughed and looked around for a hidden camera, thinking this must be a joke. “Right. Ah…heh…okay, bud, brilliant costume,” she said, imitating the branch’s accent. “Where’s the zipper?” She reached toward him and touched a soft leaf.
To think I nearly missed Him, being out there on the run.
This is the critical stage and why I am fasting… to quiet myself and listen.
Oaken Barrel Brewing Alabaster Wit 4.5%
Standing 6ft 1in, Rivaldo was an imposing figure for such a technician – unusual for someone of such slight build. But slight he was and his rubbery gait made him seem even more of an unlikely hero. That said, his bow-like anatomy echoed another of Brazil’s most famous sons – the distinctively bent-legged Garrincha.
Mental illness is also a product. The closer the blood relative, the higher the risk of schizophrenic illness. The increased risk of insanity may explain why more than 40% of the patients in Denmark 's biggest ward for clinically insane criminals have an immigrant background.
He had a Thai waffle with peanut sauce and spiralized veggies on top. I had the Hot Mess, sourdough with veggie chorizo and pesto tofu scrambled with jalapenos. They were both fantastic and with bold flavors. We love adventurous food! Perfect for a special Sunday treat.
expanding in exciting ways
Killing time isn't as difficult as it sounds.
the following article was sent to me by super nana. she saw it in the los angeles times. this type of fear mongering, rabble rousing discourse is an affront to american society, arabs, (whom by the way are not only muslim, but christian, atheists, or buddhists) and maybe even, one of you out there who just might have happened to have a kaffiyeh because it was fashionable and you picked up one for a few bucks at a street fair! what's next on the you-can't-wear-that-because-i-said-so-and-if-you-do-you're-a-terrorist list? the color black?
I admit, I'm not really original when it comes to ideas. When I teach a class, I tell the students right up front that I'm a copier.
Goodbye New York City, until next time. I love you.
The first album with Hagar on lead vocals was “5150” which was released in 1986 and is still is considered to be the strongest album of the Hagar era.
For the dish, just ladle the mushrooms and vegetables on a dish and top with Vegan feta cheese. If you can’t find Vegan feta cheese, Vegan mozzarella would be delicious as well. If you’re really going for the lowest calories, serve the dish without the gravy. It will still be juicy and the taste of the mushrooms will be intensified. Garnish with parsley and serve.
I have been at the airport about three hours now and am a little board, so I figured I would open up trusty old laptop and write a post to pass the time.
We can not tune others, all we can do is lead others to an encounter where God can tune, sure they can listen to what we play and copy it, but it will be a copy it will come back out of tune it will be a struggle as they listen to what we have played but what we have is based on others, so the original tuning will be far away from what He intended it to sound like, but if we create an environment in which God can come and continually tune and perfect, we will be in sync as we play, not constantly struggling to support the person but as we play and they hear God shapes us all as individuals and as a body. Complimenting the sound others make and creating depth and a wonderful layered, unique song.
I have to say thanks to my mum for this, she is the most wonderful example of woman I could possibly think of. She is incredibly strong and passionate in everything she does and she went through every kind of situation all the times only by herself. And now she is finally living her own life, the life she chose to live, counting only on her great ability to solve things and on her intelligence. She is the most independent person I have ever known, she could do anything, and she taught me about the importance of counting on yourself and learning how to solve problems and situations alone.
If you are interested in supporting this project and/or want to know more, please visit their Grand Challenges contestant page.
Best option for your Honor mounts is to wait for Alterac Valley weekend and farm the lot. You get far more HP for AV than any other weekend. Also do the quests from the AV entrance area to get further Stormpike reputation. Its not too bad and you can farm gear and mounts while you do it. I might skip this. I depends if an AV weekend comes up before I get 100 mounts and what else I am doing that weekend.
cute lil bunnies
Everything sure is expensive to buy these days, isn't it? I mean, all the good things in life cost a bundle!
Hello, I Must Be Going (1982)
They seemed utterly real;
Finally, I am thankful for you, our friends. The ranks of troops in Levi’s battles are filled with people from our past, present, and future. Some we’ve known for years, others we may never meet. But we count all who have offered our son up in prayer as dear friends, and I hope that here in this life or someday in heaven to be able to greet each of you face to face and thank you. You have provided us with food, money, fuel cards, help at home, cards, encouraging notes, and so much more. Thank you for continuing to fight alongside us in Levi’s battle.
I said, "No, Patty, I literally don't have a single dollar on me." (Which was the honest truth, I had no cash at all because I hadn't been expecting to go out.)
pileated, downy, and hairy woodpeckers hammering into the tall pines,
I am still a bit bummed that we lost power last night for a few minutes do so some stupidity at National Grid. I know it was only a minute or two that it was out but we were watching the Ten Commandments when it happened. It was when the Angel of Death was creeping around and killing all the first born. That is my favorite part, well expect for the parting of the Red Sea, and the Burning Bush, of and when he throws the tablets at the Golden Cow. Well, at least we got to see the end. The end always brings two thoughts to my head. The first is why can't poor Moses go to the promised land? That is just so wrong. And second. When they talk about the Ark of the Covenant I keep thinking about what happens if you open that suckers. Hello Indiana Jones!!!
We found today that the bearing assembly on the spinning feed is "almost shot" (it's got a lot of play in it), and although we can physically move each axis through its range of motion very smoothly (the mechanical stuff seems OK), when we turn on the servos and use the manually position hand wheels, the elevation axis doesn't respond smoothly. It kind of 'bumps and jumps' in response to commands from the Antenna Control Unit.
Military operations against non-state armed groups in Khyber Agency have prompted the mass displacement since January 2012. “The situation is particularly critical as the government states it could last up to six months while the humanitarian community expects that families will not be able to return until early 2013. There are also fears that 20,000 more families will be displaced as the conflict spreads to other parts of Khyber Agency.” PHF reported.
2.Preheat grill to high. Brush shrimp with oil on both sides, and lightly season with salt and pepper. Grill until pink and firm to the touch, 2 to 3 minutes per side.
This situation can not go on, it is not right that we allow a persecution and intolerance to continue. As we pray for change in China let's also pray for all regimes around the world where intolerance is rife.
One very plausible suggestion, provided by Alex, has struck a chord: "are they elephant garlic?". Considering that elephant garlic is not true garlic but, in fact, a relative of the leek family, it seems that my garlic reverted to its genetic roots.
Me: Oh, yeah, good problem to have, huh.
“Hey, guys! Guess what I got?”
UPDATE: Thanks to all stopping by from iHeartOrganizing or a linky party! I have some follow up posts I'm planning on getting to this week, including how to laminate labels yourself (no fancy equipment required!), other areas of my home that I've organized with my labels, and an updated house tour with project info. In the meantime, here are some answers to some common questions I've got on here as well as on iHeart Organizing.
"No you haven't, I've just been around the back. You haven't been robbed"
understand and let’s give
It's called the ''Cookie cake'' because it has a tiny Leibniz chocolate cookie on it. And as you can see, it has 7 layers. The chocolate layer on the bottom is the best. There's some yellow cake, some chocolate cake, the crumb, and the rest is frosting. Chocolate, vanilla, I don't even know what it's made of. It's just so good when you taste the whole cake with all the seven layers... Nom.
There isn’t a tag on the other gray fiber. I don’t know what it is. I asked my spinning teacher and she wasn’t sure either. It is more of a brownish-gray color. It has some white hairs sticking out from it. It dyed a darker blue color, which looks like new denim jeans. Another pleasing color.
Please tell me I'm not the only one who sees a resemblance?
JJ: More powerful. That’s what I was trying to say. Your sense of his urgency, to get as many of the facts as he can and to make the most sense of them that he can…it creates a suspense, because immediately, the dog’s tail goes up… Elif Batuman is somebody else that I would put on that list. I often see her say things I wish I’d figured out how to say. Do you know her stuff at all?
And Kristen said, "I want to see you do some kickbutt color blocking -- no patterns, just solid, unexpected colors."
Ok, this one is in the magazine, but I skipped it. Let's be honest, when it's hot outside, the last thing I want to be wearing is leather. I remember that episodes of Friends with Ross, do you?? I'll just stick to leather belts, sandals, and handbags for this summer.
We flew back home on Sunday. It was a wonderful trip, and we can't wait to go back
More dum dums came and went,
So she can tell her stories to the girls back home
So the question becomes, how much do they actually burn the economy back, and how much obligation do we have to bail them out? Personally, I don't think we have much obligation to these people or the institutions that lent them the money. The only reason to jump in with taxpayer money is if the hole left by this segment of the population will destroy the economy.
"No headscarves, no vote," shouted sixty-odd women who gathered outside the parliament building in Ankara on April 8. "As it stands, our democracy is half-baked", said the group's spokeswoman, Nesrin Semiz. "Two-thirds of Turkish women cover their heads. Not one of them has a seat in parliament."
Free State Brewing Co. Smoky Hill Porter
The result is that every time I pick up the book, and this character appears, I can picture that card in his wallet, and I can feel the tension for him to find and remove it. It has helped the story immensely.
He found his mouth opening to argue this and then shut it. What was the point? But now, with her mind engaged, she was prepared to defend her claim. She came closer then and lightly laid her lilac-gloved hand on his arm.
It was at this point that I put the cooled pecans, on the cookie sheet, into a 350 degree oven for 10-12 minutes – check them at 10 minutes so that you don’t overcook them, like I did.
Baltimora Tarzan boy US
John looks just how I felt during dessert. Happy and satisfied and awfully glad we were in Paris, with a dusting of tired and ready-for-bed around the edges. We didn’t linger once we were done – we headed straight for the hotel, and collapsed.
In 2001, I was able to opt for surgery to remove tumors because I was confident in my ability to maintain long-term treatment due to insurance coverage…even though four separate health insurance companies suffered from the same confusion over why a woman would ever want to treat endometriosis or fibroids for reasons other than fertility.
fine installment in this series from Eagle Rock Entertainment.
Though it's not quite a winter wonderland outside it is definitely a cold blustery day. The weather reported the temperature at 7 degrees F but it feels like -7. BRRRR! Thankfully the church we are staying at has a game room with carpet ball, foosball, ping-pong and a Wii in their youth room or we would be dealing with some very bored kiddos.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Grease a 3-quart casserole dish
“Damsels” tells yet another tale of the America rich and quasi-intellectual. We are at Seven Oaks University, where the fraternities have Latin names (I smiled at that for a nanosecond) and the boys are beastly.
“This isn’t something you want to be starting in here. I reckon you snuff out that fire, put a few coins on the counter here and partake in a drink,” said the bartender using the club to point out a seat at the bar.
That’s what happened to me last year. Since then, however, I’ve gotten rid of 2 of those burnt orange shoes and purchased two pairs of nudes and I’ve started checking out my shoes, not just for colors, but styles. Most people have a particular style they prefer (I tend to like closed toe stilettos, doesn’t matter if it’s a round, square, or pointed toe – it’s more about the heel for me… but for other people, it’s more about the toe or they like a bigger or chunkier heel than I do.), but even with your preferences, it’s best to have a few items that go away from the norm. Just recently, I bought two pairs of wedges because I noticed that out of all the shoes I had, I only had 2 wedges in my closet and one of them needed to go to the shoe doctor on U Street. Que horible!
There would be no further races among the top women, which sends us to my top five for the season.
Video white balance modes: automatic, sunny, cloudy, incandescent, fluorescent
wordlessly, I bend to lick off the crumbs,
Diablo III is insanely over-simplified. You cannot put any stats on your character, it’s automatic. You can’t identify items anymore, it’s automatic. You can’t pick from different skill trees as you see fit, there are four skills in different categories predetermined and you can only pick one from each category, such as one out of the four defense skills. The graphics in terms of environment and atmosphere are brilliant. I truly love them and the mood the game sets is astounding. However, character design in terms of beauty and processing power look old and dull. You tell me with a straight face that the male Wizard doesn’t resemble Orlando Bloom. Go ahead. I dare ya.
Anyway, inaccurate meteorological similes notwithstanding, I used to think the hardest part of the job must be pretending to get all excited over the next episode of some hastily cobbled together art programme where a bloke tries to craft a crown out of twigs without making a four-year-old look like Jesus, when in reality you've just split up with your other half, have a tequila hangover and feel grumpier than a hippo with hemorrhoids.
Israelis and everyone else have been debating a “two state solution” to grant the murderous Palestinians some legitimacy. For my part, I think American Jews should stay out of this discussion. Intrinsically, almost genetically liberal, they experienced the Holocaust protected by the Atlantic Ocean so, while one assumes they support Israel’s existence, it is entirely up to the Israeli’s to make such decisions. Parenthetically, even the Israelis have been divided over the issue, but not over their survival.
Remember that MJ signed up for a credited community college class at 14!
Because I am talkative today. I have a lot to tell.
The fantastic thing about this, is that lack of crying can be made up. Apparently. So although I've stopped her from crying all these months, future crying can make up for it.
my kids and a handful of their cousins.
This caught my interest on the news earlier. Black Girls Run is a running group started in 2009 by 2 African American women who started running as a way to tackle the growing obesity epidemic in the African American community. On their blog site they discuss making physical fitness a priority. Also on their site, I found a shocking statistic. According to the Centers for Disease Control, 80% of African American women are overweight. This isnt only a problem in the African American community. This is an issue that is effecting the entire country. I encourage you to check out the Black Girls Run, BGR , website. There are some motivating stories and tips, African American or not, I think you will enjoy it. they even have a soundtrack preview. You know I love the tunes! I may have to steal some of thier recommendations.
You’ll never know, dear, how much I love you
I had the same impatient urge this time a year ago when I considered the 9 month wait between episodes.
we are so very blessed to have each and every
But A.N.C. members stood firm in their support of the legislation, arguing it was repealing a harsher 1982 protection of information law.
Wait for me underneath the water
The audience is encouraged to participate in the Hard Harry experience, and do so usually by sending letters to his P.O. Box. His favourite correspondence is with a listener he dubs the "Eat Me Beat Me Lady," who is, in reality, a Hubert Humphrey High student named Nora DeNiro (Samantha Mathis). Sending him erotic poetry on a semi-regular basis, which is written on the same red paper and written in the same black handwriting, Nora and Harry seem to have a weird chemistry with one another, despite the fact that they've never met.
But he feels glad that it’s his birthday for the first time in his life.
or a tacky las vegas italian restaurant
When the driver has the DRS flap closed on the rear wing, the front and rear wings operate as usual, with no blown effects being used. Both wings create downforce in the usual way.
‘Cause you’re not sure of this path you’re strolling
Have I mentioned that I am a bad globber? I am. I don't take photos of all of the mail I receive and immediately post it. Sorry.
DU PLESSIS Charles 62, 20080726 dies in hospital from injuries, Sterkspruit farm attack, LI
The woman accused and considered the serpent responsible…
married to a man named John Rodgers
McQuestionable Musings – My Method for Writing a Book Description
I am glad to note that some humans share my peculiar fascination. The organisers of the Long Nose World Championship, to be held next month in Germany, are still looking for promising candidates to compete in their “snoot out”. Unfortunately, women from really long-nosed nations, like Armenia and Moldova, are reluctant to participate for fear of damaging their marital prospects. This is a great shame. I’m sure there are many single men who would love to have their nerve-endings nuzzled by a long-nosed wife. "If you've got it, poke it!" would be an apt slogan for such ladies.
BURLS A, JORDAN R, BARTON P, OLOWOKURE B, WAKE B, ALBON E, HAWKER J. Vaccinating healthcare workers against influenza to protect the vulnerable – Is it a good use of healthcare resources? A systematic review of the evidence and an economic evaluation. Vaccine 2006; 24: 4212-4221.
and just a second to choose
3.) Do you already have specific editors/publishing houses in mind for my book?
"Well the conference is pretty boring." I decide, "So I'm off. Come on, Will."
Anyway a few months back, I was at “great cooks on 8″ with my mother. There I had a salmon salad which blew my mind. So, halfway through this year’s Passover, I decided to try and replicate my own version of it using only Kosher-l-Pesach (kosher for passover) ingredients and whatever I could purchase at London’s coventry market.
1 tomato, diced
The Woman Who Still Wants to Marry
It helps to have the candy wrapper with the list of ingredients and percentage of cacao or cocoa in the product.
"Where there is life there is hope." I know people are going to get tired of hearing this from me. I have said it, written it to people and I have even written articles about it. Where there is life there is hope isn't about addiction, our addicts, and our children, it is about life and hope.
Why do I say that I know this? Because I like girls as well as boys.
Being lectured to about everything you've learned for the past year can be super overwhelming, but I feel ready to take on the written Boards now! I'm about to head to school for the FIRST day of my LAST semester of Hygiene school, my mind is having such a hard time processing that. I'll take the written Boards in early March, and then the clinical portion will be sometime in April...and then...I GRADUATE!!
Miles Davis - In A Silent Way - 1969
I know this sounds like I’m angling for a free drink (which I would never be so rude as to knock back were it offered) but you just know you’re in The Taphouse. Let me explain. We made our way through the crush to the upstairs bar, which was even busier, and settled against a wall with a starting pot of Matilda Bay Alpha Pale Ale. The bar was packed with punters representing a fairly widespread demographic including plenty of Sydney Swans supporters fresh from their win over Brisbane at the SCG.
*All for just $6.99
3-Do not hit the boy after rejecting him and then crying.
Format: Mass Market Paperback
But I tried to post it and it was a tiny white spot in a black rectangle. My night vision must be better than the computer's.
Pizza crust (homemade): $1.04
As one can easily see, all the conclusions are based on an economic or business analysis, even though the right to data portability is introduced in data protection legislation, which envisages basically “the person”. Only the natural person, to be more specific, and it does so taking into account two fundamental rights in the EU – the right to privacy and the right to data protection.
Square-Jean xxiii Jardin
The Vimana and the Gopurams are the distinctive characteristics of the Southern style. The present temple was built about two centuries ago by Garhwal Kings. It is a conical structure, 15 meters tall and has small cupola of a gilt bull and spire. There are 15 idols in the temple complex, each sculpted in black stone.
People wore rose colored glasses in the 60’s when they thought drugs and “free love” would create a New World. Apart from positive intervention chaos reigns. Call it pessimism if you like. Even hot-air balloons require burners to stay afloat.
I am still very new at this having only published my first novel on June 3rd this year. But I think that at 70% royalty on my ebooks I will make more money than I could if traditionally published – if I could have ever managed to get a contract for Changers’ Summer anyway. In which case any money is more than I would have received.
Menu Time: (correct for April 2012) I had been quite giddy about coming here after seeing the menu a few weeks previous but unable to eat due to a busy bank holiday and was rather disappointed to see I was quite mistaken about the variety.
I have two teenagers, and rapper Wiz Khalifa’s “Black and Yellow,” a tribute to his hometown of Pittsburgh, got plenty of play in our house this year. So when I watched the new parody video hit “Black and Jewish,” I got the joke on several levels. I also knew it was going to make a lot of people uncomfortable. After mulling it over, I wanted to weigh in with my perspective as an adult interfaith child.
Immediately, she knew there was something wrong. She later found out that she suffered brain injury.
Decided to have a go at painting large for a change on my A3 canvas pad. I quite like painting at my easel as I can leave it out and add touches now and again and look at it from a distance in my kitchen while I am cooking and washing up etc etc
The thing is that artists are extremely courageous in facing their own ‘self’. At that very moment of giving birth to an art piece they lack both fear of failure and fear of enormous abilities of human mind to connect with the unknown. So basically in some people the urge to make art overcomes any kind of fear by putting a trust upon oneself. Unfortunately, this feeling most of the people cannot control so they call it Inspiration.
In conversation, give us a chance to speak and express our feelings on the subject matter. One of the most noted turn-offs is when females don’t give me room to speak or are too self-absorbed to notice that I’m bored with the conversation.
so also. If not a single record of their medieval existence
Correlation of the Week, as Harry Hill would say, was yesterday’s head-on debate between the Indie and the Torygraph, “Does this House believe that immigrants take jobs residents could’ve had?” To which the answer is self-evidently yes, if jobs are scarce and the residents really want them; and no, if business is booming and we’re short of labour. Each had their own pet research study to support a case that didn’t need any research at all to support it, but such is the awe with which statistics are beheld these days, it didn’t seem to occur to either side that they were asking the wrong question.
This problem is so great from the evolutionist point of view that the closer we look at the details, the worse the quandary the theory finds itself in. One important “detail” which needs to be looked at is the claim about “the cell which came to be sensitive to light.” Darwinists gloss this over by saying, “Sight may have started by a single cell becoming sensitive to light.” But what kind of design is such a structure supposed to have had?
Hard to believe that Toddy will soon be leaving with Santa for the off-season ...
Me: If you have time to waste arguing with me about politics and whining about being sick, you have time to clean up after the cat who is your favorite.
Now I am home today, woke up with my period, and have not felt so great. Ugh I am looking forward to PMS going away. I think I should feel normal again by tomorrow. And by my calculations I should be ovulating around June 7th...... *wink*
Wait, strike that.
The Arvon Foundation is a very respected organisation that organises courses for writers. This prize is amazing. The anthology in which your work will appear will have some built-in respect but it probably won’t become a best-seller.
Guinsoo: Phreak, are you alright?
We spend more but have less.
That he is a LGBT category. By the way, having exhausted Sodomy I and Sodomy II and the flip side i.e. that he patronized a foreign female prostitute (remember the Video-gates production by the now infamous Datuk-Trio?), the LGBT is the new creation on the circuit.
You shall also be beautiful and prosperous in the hand of the Lord; you shall no more be forsaken-you shall be called a delight and will be protected by the Lord- God rejoices over you.
Aperture – f10
“We have major destruction,” said Chuck Allen, Van Zandt County emergency management spokesman. “We have multiple houses damaged or destroyed … easily 100-plus.”
Hope you are enjoying your holidays! I am escaping what feels like siberia, writing from the airport... on my way to thailand!! I went out last night for our traditional after-xmas party and came home in the morning just to change clothes... at least I’ll be able to sleep on the plane. I tried to take some wintery pictures in the snow, but the camera stopped working. Can't blame it.. it was -28 degrees.
“So you work at the airport?” I prompted.
I have used promarkers to colour the images. The flowers are handmade from dies using card, netting and leaf ribbon.
The City of Wilson’s $28 million Greenlight service is the prototype of municipal broadband in this state, launched just two years ago and now claiming about 4,800 customers. The City of Salisbury will be next with its $30 million Fibrant service, scheduled to be offered later this year. Meanwhile, Fayetteville is set to study its own version of municipal broadband this summer and could decide this year whether to proceed.
I’m also excited to change my diet up as well. Shauna and I have decided to make “our” household a light carb/carb-free environment. Given that I have a love-hate relationship with bread, the change is a necessary one. I know for a fact that I can do it, I actually relish in the thought of the freedom of not being weighed down by all the wheat in my system. I successfully adopted a low fat, low calorie, low sodium, high healthy protein diet in September when I needed to drop 10 pounds in 2 weeks to fit into a bridesmaid dress for my friend’s wedding. It was like a 2 week cleanse that I kept up for a couple months afterwards. I discovered a salad recipe that I love and have yet to get sick of.
So...I really need a Halleighleuurrr breakfast....but Boo doesn't start until Tuesday August 9th....so I guess I should really wait a week. I can't ever remember school starting this early....but there are NO complaints from this Mama!
When choosing a wireless carrier most people fall victim to the lure of the free phone; which you have to admit can sometimes be very hard to resist. But you have to look beyond the free stuff and learn about the details of the plan you are signing up for.
As the case made its way into court, the judge looked over the paperwork...
Suite 525-526, Building No. 5, Laxmi The Mall, Laxmi Industrial Estate, New Link Road,
Since showering generates my “great ideas,” I tried to retain this one the best I could because it was kind of funny.
So today was just awesome. I got to meet the Fabulous Sue Jordan and see her truly BEAUTIFUL work. This woman is just gorgeous, and generous :) Oh man. This girl brought tears to my eyes when she handed us a beautiful handmade necklace each which she had designed specifically for us Luminous Light girls :) It's quite possibly one of the most beautiful things I've worn :)
Jackson, 67, said he was already out on parole when the test results came back, clearing him and Williams. He did not blame the victim.
For a full minute I ride hard. Leaning forward, I stare at the control board in front of me and zone out. Pump, pump, pump. My quads start burning. Sometimes I count to ten, over and over. I learned this trick in childbirth. It's the one part of all those Lamaze classes that really worked. Focus on something else. Even if it's just numbers. One. Two. Three. Four. Five...
Emily Watson (Breaking the Waves)
Today, what do we have in America to carry us into the next boom? Nothing. The Internet isn’t creating jobs. Manufacturing, it’s gone to Mexico, India and China. I doubt George Washington ever envisioned a future where Americans would be suffering so much. It’s embarrassing, but true: Over 44 million people in this country are using some form of food stamps! (Source: National Inflation Association)
Can you lose your mind to a 1980s fad? A man twisted up over his responsibilities becomes increasingly averse to reality, and works through this by obsessively trying to solve the classic toy, while he also wonders just what happened to his Smurf puppet? Unusual, in a good way.
______________________________________________________________________________________________
Parting thoughts
He may lay the queen of spades
She knew the rules; never let the village children see her, keep within the forest, and keep her secret or end up like her dead mother.
understanding; so why does man do this?
Black & White, Vignette, and Holgoish with a Reflection frame.
Flaming light,
I can't wait to clear off a shelf and display my new finds. Who can resist all those little divided cubby holes.
However, after the protest ended, some protestors misbehaved and taunted the police.
PSHE - personal, social and health education. Where they teach you about puberty,
Stress how non-visual navigation can be used underwater, in caves, while climbing mountains, and in wartime situations. Get the geeks excited about the techhy possibilities.
This week's challenge at Love to Create is about friendships. One of life's most important relationships. So this is the card I created to celebrate that relationship. We do have a sketch to play with, too, it's optional but I urge you to use it - you'll love it.
I miss my stitching, sewing, happy moments in my sewing room, etc. Basically, I simply miss ME.
Followed by max reps ground to overhead with 60kg/40kg
a single breath
Anyway, I adore you. You are my everything even at 5 am when I’m exhausted.
As I wondered about this and what I could have possibly done wrong, this verse came to mind:
Tactics against a Ghost: If you have armor lock, pretend you don’t until the last minute (lag may make this a foolish option). Overcharged pistols really take it out of ghosts- after the first shot though give them another once the gun has cooled down. Hijacking a ghost is quite easy but grenades rarely tip them over. Small arms fire is fairly effective against them.
Onto this weeks challenge: Stickers. Please keep in mind that all challenges are optional. Any Christmas/Winter/Holiday card will do. The idea is to help get your holiday mojo started so you're not rushing at the end of the year. Also, it is not necessary to use a SCRS stamp on your project, but we sure love it when you do.
Bake chicken in 400 degree oven for about 25 minutes, or until no longer pink. Shred chicken using two forks and place in crock pot
Deschutes Brewery 19th Anniversary Belgian Style Golden Ale
CHARLOTTE TAYLOR
Her decision was not an easy one. It took guts to toss away the reminders. Sooner or later everything we own becomes junk. Useless items that were never essential to survival but stood as badges of identity and purpose find their way to a new home or the bottom of a hole with food scraps and styrophoam packaging.
that she too would have more than just hope to look forward to………
A MELBOURNE CUP DITTY – 2010
When we have joy we crave to share, we remember them.
Password-protect your phone – and consider encryption options. To ensure the password is effective, set the “password required” time to zero, and restart phone before you leave your house. Be aware that merely password-protecting or locking your phone is not an effective barrier to expert forensic analysis. Some phones also have encryption options. Whispercore is a full-disk encryption application for Android, and Blackberry also has encryption tools that might potentially be useful. Note that EFF has not tested these tools and does not endorse them, but they are worth checking into.
Flying Dog Brewery Woody Creek White
The experiment changed his life.
Hugo- "That’s kinda of true, dude. He’s worse than Yoda."
“Not that I’m not gonna go to the games this year. There is way too much cardinal and gold nutritious stuff coursing through my veins, carrying salt and oxygen and electrolytes and whatever it is fans crave, to ever turn my back on the program now. But how much of of that real loyalty is the result of the past nine years? How much of it is tied up with the highs from 2003 to 2005? How much of it is based on the crest of those years and its attendant belief that all this was deserved for the years of mediocrity suffered through, that any fan worth his salt weathers the storm, sticks by his team and collects the schedule poster no matter what?
It is cold...really cold. I think that even folks who live in regular houses are cold with all of this arctic weather going on. Last night, we returned from visiting a local restaurant and as we stood outside the door of the RV my husband's key wasn't working. Frantically and freezing I am digging through what my son referred to earlier as the bowels of my purse searching for my set of keys, the two layers of clothing don't seem to be helping at all. IT was 17 degrees!! Finally, I find them and try the door, it opens but the inside screen door seems to be frozen shut. All is well, we all file into the RV and huddle around the heater...my daughter is giggling uncontrollably as we are all hugging each other warming our hands and our hearts. Living this life for the last 16 months has brought about so many family moments. Moments that take my breath away in awe for the love we share as a unit. The five of us, living in incredibly close quarters. Our only escape from our togetherness is the great outdoors. There are no bedroom doors to slam shut, there is no place to hide from conflict...it's all here, right in front of us. And with this arctic blast of weather we are all here huddled together figuring out how to make it all work.
In 1498, Michelangelo got his first important commission: the “Pieta“(1498–1499), which is a masterpiece of Renaissance sculpture and one of the most representative masterpiece of the Italian culture. “La Pietà” di Michelangelo (= “The pity” of Michelangelo) is a sculpture in Carrara marble, (high 174cm, wide 195cm, deep 69cm), housed in St. Peter’s Basilica in Vatican City, Rome. This famous work of art depicts the body of Jesus on the lap of his mother Mary, after the Crucifixion. This is the first, dramatic masterpiece of the then Michelangelo in his early twenties, considered one of the greatest masterpieces of Western art has ever produced. It is also the only work signed by him, on the sling that holds the mantle of the Virgin.
She's a pecker. Oh my goddess, she is one BAMP (Bad Ass Mother Pecker). She likes my silver hairs, my wiggly eyeballs, food in my teeth (any food I've got, really) and my teeny-tiny diamond earring (in my ear) from Mitch. I like a friendly and non-mauling chicken-friend. I've compromised by redirecting her fascination with all-things-reflective-or-tasty-about-me with my telephone screen. (It's not tactile responsive) I always add a reward to her phone pecks: neck scratches, cooing, petting.
2 sticks (8 oz.) unsalted butter, cut into ½-inch cubes (see note above)
You receive confirmation of your place. On the morning of the session you will recieve a link to access the session.
Tra tutte le partecipanti al Challenge ne verrá estratta una con il sistema Random che riceverá in regalo questo timbro di Heidi Swapp "Crown"
Live And Let Die - Duffy (Wings)
miracles just to have food. I can see how He would bless imprisoned believers
Anna x
After considering few options like calling helikopter RELA untuk membawa kami turun (which doesnt seem feasible at that moment), kami akur lalu meneruskan perjalanan turun bukit.
Time to take the meals I’m eatin’ and half ‘em.
When a person creates a Facebook account, he or she may be found to have consented to the possibility that personal information might be shared with others, notwithstanding his or her privacy settings, as there is no guarantee that the pictures and information posted thereon, whether personal or not, will not be further broadcast and made available to other members of the public.
Laura Mercier Lip Glace in Bonbon
4) Comment below. Do you use bookmarks? What is the most creative bookmark you have used? A leaf? A serviette? A train ticket? What about the nicest? Have you ever been given a bookmark? Have you ever bought a bookmark? What is the most you would spend on a bookmark?
and you were gone.
Taped By: D & D
Have a very Merry Christmas!
He condemns Christian love because he thinks it is an outcome of fear… It does not occur to Nietzsche as possible that a man should genuinely feel universal love, obviously because he himself feels almost universal hatred and fear, which he would fain disguise as lordly indifference. His “noble” man–who is himself in day-dreams–is a being wholly devoid of sympathy, ruthless, cunning, concerned only with his own power. King Lear, on the verge of madness, says: “I will do such things–what they are yet I know not–but they shall be the terror of the earth.” This is Nietzsche’s philosophy in a nutshell.
collection and visit my booth #606! This show always rocks! If you have a
2) Pick one topic and answer the following questions:
2 cup tomatoes (4 medium size, 450g), chopped
Tights – £5
we all Belgian designers are, influenced by his work.
Week 2:@ San Francisco- Despite the Lions being up 19-15 in the fourth quarter, the 49ers scored a touchdown and a field goal in a 49-second span, with under 2 minutes left in the game last season, to win 25-19. This year, the game is at Candlestick in San Francisco. If both teams happen to take Wild Card spots, this head-to-head match-up will be important come playoff time.
Rounds of dreidel played with Tiny Colored Chocolate Candies: 8
E is for Eggler
I suspect that these phantom voters are rather like Robert Rams imaginary library. But I will say this. If you are planning to vote Tory and have never voted Tory before, because you are upset with the criticism of Brian Coleman, I'd love to interview you. Please get in touch
Cafe Orleans
Your thoughts on the episode? What is Michael getting himself into? Will Fi and Michael ever have a normal exchange of emotions? Favorite Sam moment? Let’s have your TwoCents. And don’t forget to enter our Burn Notice Giveaway!
Happy Thursday Blog Friends!
All sorts of people come out of the woodwork claiming to be friends (= worthy to be bought expensive presents) while Lia's two real best friends both have problems with accepting anything from her. Jack wants a motorbike but his mother is terrified he'll have an accident when he gets it. And Shazia is made to return a few gifts because her father disapproves of the gambling represented by the lottery. Actually so does Shazia, when she comes to think of it, because she is a devout and serious girl.
Feel free to click on the images for larger versions:
I have finished up my kids school shopping and have all their school supplies organzied and ready for the first day of school....now time to start working on the Halloween hair bows and tutus
“I had been in the marketing and advertising industry for nearly 25 years. Then, all of a sudden, I couldn’t get a job. I’d be the VP of various ad agencies, I’d been in management for 15 years, I had my own business. Then, I wouldn’t get a call back on my resume because I didn’t have a degree.
Look! Planets, preserved corpses, coral reefs…I might just stick them on my wall.
However, the mind of your average mad scientist works differently than most people. The desire to insert things into places that weren't meant to have things inserted into them seems to consume the entirety of their being. After dismounting his female zombie (he pleasured himself utilizing her abdominal wound as a makeshift vagina), Baron Frankenstein says to Otto, "to know death, you have to fuck life in the gallbladder." Briefly removing the modesty patch that covers her actual vagina, as if to say, I have no interest in this puckered mound of opulent flesh, Otto, imitating his master, begins caressing the stitches that snake seductively along the female zombie's succulent stomach with his tongue. Once his misguided attempt at foreplay is over, he's ready to pierce her wound. Of course, all doesn't go as planned (he's not as experienced as the Baron when it comes to performing gash-based cunnilingus), and the dumbfounded lab assistant has nothing but a floor covered with vital organs to show for his oral trouble.
Bake the cake layers for 28-32 minutes or until a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean. Let the cake layers cool in the pan for 10 minutes. Turn out the cakes onto a wire rack and remove the paper from the bottoms. Cool completely.
We arrived on Friday, and spent a great week ,visited our neighbors and relatives, went shopping 5 times, visited my favorite place " Al Roubai'e street" , went to the restaurants in Baghdad, celebrated valentine (grandpa took us to a nice restaurant) ,oh Baghdad looked wonderful that day, it was full of white and red , people dressing red, carrying roses and balloons, restaurants were filled with lovers and the decoration was special that day, I ordered a steak and it came with a heart shape candle, such a lovely idea.. for one day I forgot all about situation and routine .. people celebrate that day with their loved ones and families, and I heard a guy talking in one channel he said " this year, people exaggerated in celebrating valentine they're walking carrying red bears, roses , balloons and cars are filled with roses , load music everywhere, and that's all happening to embitter those who threatened us not to celebrate valentine, it is an overreaction" .. well,
Pocket brought a variety of publishing personnel to this Spotlight. Among the speakers were Lauren McKenna, executive editor at Pocket/Gallery; Abbie Zidell, senior editor at Pocket; Meagan McKeever, editor at Pocket; and Micki Nuding, senior editor at Pocket. Pocket is the mass market imprint of Simon and Schuster. Gallery is the hard cover and trade paper imprint.
It’s a phrase that I had to mentally repeat daily during my last semester of college. I was enrolled in a feature writing class that I loved, really I did, except for the time between submitting my article to the professor and receiving her feedback. It didn’t matter what sort of comment she wrote in the margin; it could have been a punctuation change. Whatever it was made me see red. Stubbornly, instead of learning from what she, the experienced professional, was flagging in my work, I dug in my heels and snottily thrust my nose in the air. She just didn’t know what she was talking about, I thought. My work was perfect.
our family a huge blessing without asking. The week before I arrived my sister was at her bank doing
I remember this transition clearly from my own adolescence. After a carefree childhood, I suddenly felt locked inside myself, alone with thoughts and feelings which no one else would ever be able to experience. Along with that, I felt an acute self-consciousness. I was aware of every movement I made and every word I spoke, so that I couldn’t do anything naturally anymore. I felt exposed when I walked down the street, aware that people could have been looking at me from their windows.
Also even long after you have given up, be prepared for the occasion twinge of sadness when it strikes you that you will never light up after a good meal or a cup of coffee again. For some, that sadness will never leave you. My darling mother once said that a smoker never becomes a non-smoker, they merely become smokers who are not smoking at the moment. Like me, she was a committed smoker who would invariably light a cigarette before making a telephone call, but, unlike me, she was born into an age where everyone smoked, and they all thought it was good for them.
FYI it is cool enough to eat immediately....assuming you plop a big scoop of vanilla on top. Right?
To top it off, she has had this majorly horrible cough at night. She has difficult to deal with, super whiny, tantrumy, sassy, lots of hitting. Also, terrible breath.
Money talks, according to the Supreme Court. Apparently, so does bullshit.
It isn't that I can't concentrate at all, but there are only certain things that I can consistently concentrate on. One of my defining qualities is that I am full of crazy mad ideas which would be quite a plus. I think that I could be good at it. I think that I would like it and I believe that I could handle the stress of doing this better than other types of stress.
Review:
For I hear and went straight to my soul
Wrote For Luck (remix, 1989)*
I am pretty excited to say that I have lost 16 pounds in 17 weeks! Eek!
I want the world to just be honest. I want to the world to just be kind. I want the world to be filled with acceptance where I do not feel I always have to please others at the end of the day and seek their approval. I know the only approval I need to seek is His. Yes, I know too the world I describe is only one found in a fantasy world...or maybe that is what heaven is like?
Having been born during the Great Depression of the 1930s, I have now lived long enough to be in a new Depression. The irony is that both had their roots in government policies and, in both cases, were prolonged by government hostility to corporations, banks, and other generators of income and growth.
1) There is snow on the tracks, therefore the train is late
The Plot: A historical note at the front explains that Deogratias is set in late 1994, early 1995, in Rwanda, and gives background about the Hutu majority and Tutsi minority of Rwanda. This is a work of fiction; it is the story of Deogratias, a teenage boy who is a Hutu; and two teenage sisters who are Tutsi, Apollinaria and Benina. It begins after the Rwandan Genocide (800,00 to 1,000,000 dead); and has characters from all sides, the Hutus, the Tutsis, the observers, those who acted and those who did not.
The promises weren't implied, yet there's no documentation other than the contract made in blood that somehow translates into this child who is from me, part of me and yet separate and no more clearly so than when he argues with me over eating his broccoli. Why the hell is he being such a stubborn punk? Just stop bitching and eat the food!
I guess he does.
But one second…. it seems he is not able to see me!!!! He did not see my extended hand. My goodness… AM I REALLY DEAD???
There was also the guy who wasn't even attending who started complaining on Facebook about the safe space policy. The reason he wasn't attending? His band were kicked off the line-up last year for having a song that promotes rape (link to article about it, not the band/song). He then also pulled the 'it's much worse to say that we have a song that promotes rape than for us to actually promote rape, what about our safe space?'. OH POOR BABY.
It doesn’t seem to matter what the content of the story is that we tell our customers. What does matter is that whatever we say should make them feel special. And that is the end of the story.
Are you near DC? It's too far for me to make it there. They need a few hundred R2KBA representatives there. Polite, pleasant, but letting the Feds know where they stand. I hope the GOA, NRA and JPFO are all there (I'm a member of all of them). A nice starting place would be getting rid of the stupid laws that say an 18.1" shotgun barrel is fine, but a 17.9" barrel is evil incarnate. Laws that say a sound suppressor, which costs $5 to make is a "deadly weapon" and needs a $200 tax. Commonsense things. Common sense out of Washington? Expect the opposite.
anybody out there?
I haven't blogged in F-O-R-E-V-E-R so I really need to thank a great friend for giving me something to sink my teeth into!
~A pair of matching chairs
When a man loves a woman, he pays her parents dowry. The more he loves her, the more cows he takes to her parents’ home. The fewer and thinner the cows, the less dosage of love the man has for his wife. But at times a woman may love a poor man. To demonstrate her love for him, love may force her to elope with her darling in the heart of the night or on her way to the river. That is true love.
Book Two, A Tangle of Magicks, will come out in August 2011. It’s set in Regency-era Bath, where Kat and her family get tangled up in a scandalous adventure with rakes, Napoleonic spies, and dangerous wild magic.
Teddy tells Cristina that she has a special operation for her, which turns out to be an angioplasty. Cristina doesn’t like it one bit because it is a first year’s operation and since she’s a fifth she thinks that she has nothing she can learn from it. Meredith asks Teddy for an explanation and Teddy of course doesn’t have to give her the explanation because it’s not her business. But Meredith and Cristina are practically joined at the hip – well they would be if Meredith wasn’t wearing those ridiculous pink scrubs. She tells her that it is all about respect … most heart diseases start in the arteries. And you have to go back to the beginning to get to the end.
Heat up wok and add in 2 table spoons of vegetable oil. Sautéed garlic until fragrant and then add in the bean curd strips. Put in the turnip and carrot. Stir fry until fragrant. Add soya sauce and vegetarian oyster sauce. Add a little water and let the dish simmer for a while or until the turnips turn soft. Add salt to taste. You can wrap the fried turnips with leafy vegetable and eat it with white rice. Alternatively, you can also use the fried turnips to make spring rolls!
Ink: Clearsnap (Pigment: turquoise, razzberry, raven black)
While you had been away
The saloon of the steamer! the crowded excursion for me! the
“Now they want the additional benefit of the network being wiretap-friendly,” he added. “We’re saying that simply goes too far.”
Free market is the best in every situation, and the less government regulation the better?
Having tea with my sister and her family was a treat in
Shred the pork using 2 forks. Take one cup worth of the sauce and add it to the shredded Pork. Stir it in well. Add the rest of the Strawberries into the sauce and turn off the heat. Mix the rest of the sauce in with the shredded pork and serve on soft Rolls.
Make these hats too!! (There’s a link for the website I’m the previous post.)
I was unarmed in the savage world of children. My parents are amazing, but during my formative years, they had their own shit to sort out, and I suspect that raising confident kids was neither a priority nor a possibility. But this is not a “blame the parents” post either. They’re good people, and they did their best, under the circumstances.
Make no mistake: the people who read this blog and the ones over there to the left, the people who read and post on BeerAdvocate, ratebeer, and Real Beer, you there, reading this right now, are probably going to be more likely to keep on spending to get what you want...but not all of you. And remember: craft beer is still under 4% of the total sales, and we the bloggers and readers, the folks who drink 400 different beers in a year, are just a tiny niche in that niche.
Splurge on:
If you are immortal, when were you created or born?
Take care all, and happy crafting,
Here are just a few of my favorite things to give and receive during the holidays. Inspire someone you love and give the gift of healthy inspiration (or cut and paste the lot to your own wish list). I even rounded up the best edible presents from My New Roots, perfect to prepare ahead of time and grab last minute – one can never have too many hostess gifts!
As if you needed any more convincing of my centenarian-like qualities, I lately discovered crewel embroidery and want to start using some as artwork in the apartment. Here are some crewel poppies that I am thinking about working on and framing. I don't know about how long it will take or if it will even turn out like the picture, but I might give it a stab. Insights anyone? I am thinking about putting these alongside some vintage postcards and other artwork. Maybe even a small plate or two. I guess we will just have to see how Nick reacts... although let's just say I have a feeling he will be open to other suggestions. ;-)
***Find inspiring stories, examples of dream-stealing & belief-borrowing, in the hyper-text links above!
Playing tour guide to someone new to Ghana was amazing: it was amazing to see Ghana through new eyes again, and it was the first time I realized that I’m no longer new in Ghana. Ya! I can get around in the hectic city of Accra, figure out what tro-tro station I need to be at to get to another region, I know what delicious food to eat on the street and how much it should cost, I know how to bargain with taxi drivers like nobody’s business, I can small-talk with strangers in my Ghanaian accent endlessly, I can stand waiting for transport tirelessly and I can swap money for treats out the bus window with lightning speed. I hadn’t realized these small parts of everyday life are now second nature to me in my new home of Ghana.
Lifestyle Crafts ~ Nesting Frames 9 (DC0287), die #1
The struggles we have as teachers when students don't quite do what they need to do to be successful. Or the struggles we have at the end of the year when it is more fun for some kids to frustrate the teacher than to do those last few items?
The group is led by Juan Carlos Parlange, who has led Spanish punk bands in the '90s.
See why I don't make resolutions?
In this version of Japan, the National Welfare Act decrees that all first graders are injected with a vaccine. One in a thousand are injected with a capsule that will go off at a certain time, between their 18th and 24th birthdays, instantly killing them. Nobody knows who has the capsules until the very last day they are alive, and messengers are sent out with a 24 hour death notice, or ikigami. The reason for this is to encourage people to live meaningful, productive, and full lives. To be one of the capsule carriers is considered an honor, as that person is helping to carry on the mission.
The wife and I ask for Bells Two Hearted but they were out, so I just figured I would shoot for something I've never seen before. Not much in the way of local area beer I've never had before, so we roll with it:
So here we come, at your call and as you wished…all the spirits who loved you once and missed you long.”
The meeting included experts from the Forestry Research and Development Agency (FORDA) of the Ministry of Forestry (including the newly formed agroforestry research centre at Ciamis), Bogor Agricultural Institute, University of Lampung, Gadjah Mada University and the World Agroforestry Centre Indonesia office. Several key resource persons with expertise in policy analysis, natural resource management and agroforestry were also present.
That with muttering voice through the war now closed, like a tireless
My craft room was in desperate need of a work surface. I wanted a desk with a large working area but that wouldn't be too chunky. I looked for something used but only found small writing desks that looked nice but wouldn't be large enough for my needs or large boxy office desks that weren't really my style. There are tons of beautiful desks available at places like Pottery Barn, West Elm, and Crate and Barrel, but they usually start at $300 or so and go way up from there. So, I turned to my favorite source for inexpensive new furniture: Ikea.
The first few years after the 1994 election, the ANC and NP ruled together in a coalition. So the ANC has actually only been in power for ten years. Ten years it took them to redudce a prosperous first world country to the rubbish it is now. Compared to the almost 30 years it took other African countries to go through the same, it looks as if the ANC is going for a record.
The activists’ move comes against the backdrop of Tamil Nadu Chief Minister Jayalalithaa’s assertion that the plant would go critical in the next 10 days and power generation would begin then.
You can read him like an open book
“Yes, but…” Ohobilah laughed with her. “You’re right. It doesn’t matter,” She looked up, lifting her face into a patch of sunlight coming from the tall, glass windows.
So I popped to the till, and passed them my card and the above little tub. The woman behind the counter was lovely, and mentioned that as I had only spent £4 that they had a nail file for a £1 to take it up to the £5. Bonus! I would have been quite happy going with losing that extra £1, so it was great that the sales lady mentioned it.
According to Google, more than fifty percent of all books are now sold over the Internet. Amazon.com sales accounted for 5.96 billion dollars of those sales last year; these numbers are expected to rise in the upcoming years. Although this may be bad news for the traditional brick and mortar book stores, it’s good news for online sellers. Knowing how to have your book found through search inquiries on sites such as Google and Yahoo has become crucial to selling books. Online visibility begins with your book’s title.
I would love some input from my readers on this.
And thought, as usual, men would say
Goldie Bachmann
I actually got a few hours sleep this night, and didn't need to push the bell for help once, which again helped enormously with my frame of mind!!
This is a composite scan, of a number of stamps showing volcanoes. I have shown this before, many weeks before, but hey, it's my blog and I want to show it again. :-) Exciting, but don't get too close!
The couple appears flawless
Little Bo: The Story of Bonnie Boadicea ~ by Julie Andrews Edwards, illustrated by Henry Cole, 1999, children's, 10/10
Improving Nutrition in Schools
I'm fairly easy... I can get everything in one bag...
In the 73-65 loss to Bishop Gorman at the Hoop Hall Classic it appeared as though foul shooting and individual defense are two areas in which they will have to improve on in order to be compared with the likes of the last undefeated team at DeMatha. The zone defense that DeMatha started out in proved to be too slow during the rotations to Shabazz Muhammad, and he had 19 points in the first half of play alone. By the time DeMatha switched to man-to-man midway through the second quarter the damage was done, and Bishop Gorman took an eight point lead into the locker room.
Wrestling Ernest Hemingway ( Manlio Rocchetti, Luigi Rocchetti)
There is a lot of academic theory that explain how people interpret visual communication and is still growing today. Visual culture regards images as culturally specific and therefore understanding of semiotics is equally localised.
Date: Sunday , 6 th May
having any contact with him. After he
It's like, what are these people using sex,
You must walk to show the world you’re glad to be alive.
The album's main single, "The World Is Going Up In Flames," is a song for 2011 (or 2012), and it would have worked equally as well in 1962. But there's lots of other great songs on the album.
I told you I was married right?
I love this dresser beside the bright yellow walls. I also like how it looks against the wood and other accents in the room. When I have more time I will do some shots of the whole dining room so you can see how it all goes together. Overall the room is really getting nice.
Let’s! Go! Together! Forever!
Just a note to let you know that things may look a bit wacky today! I've decided it's time for some spring cleaning in here and I'm working on my blog! So, please be patient while I play around and get a fresh new look!
Unlike the ASHAs who receive a performance-based incentive, the ANMs are given a monthly pay. However, there are times when these health workers do not get salaries for months together, Sahu admits.
Producers: Tim Burton, Allison Abbate
Slice beets in strips or cubes like I did and place on greens.
When I return to Provence after an extended absence I am always astounded by the raw beauty of the region and in particular the Alpilles where our farm is located. Without fail I ask if they realise how fortunate and blessed they are to have lived their lives in this idyllic countryside...The answer is always the same....bien sur..... as if to say... is there any where else? It is as if I am the foolish one, the one who is missing out. To be surrounded by such magnificence all of your days is an exceptional state, to be aware and appreciative of your good fortune at the same time is rare. When I read this quotation from William Henry Channing, I couldn't help but think of this Provencal couple....
According to the registration statement, Patricia Shull had control of these shares. Then in subsequent amendments, her name was replaced by that of Tyronne Fitzgerald, a Bahamian lawyer. No explanation was provided.
The work is going on in the inner organic functions.
I can't tell you how many times one of my high schoolers has asked for help on physics or calculus or some other difficult assignment and just about as soon as she explains the problem to me, she'll say, "Nevermind. I figured it out." The act of explaining the question teaches the mind to think through the solution. Homeschooling allows plenty of time for asking the questions and talking about the solutions.
Some of this stuff has *got* to be delegated. The most obvious solution is to delegate the chart audits, probably to the night staff (which will, I'm sure, make me their most favorite person ever). The other stuff, I'm not so sure about. We've got to get more people trained in the more obscure test protocols; the obvious solution is to train the charge nurses for the other CCUs. I'm not sure how well that'd go over, though, as they're just as overwhelmed as I am.
Also, the view is breathtaking!!! The adventure park itself is laden with lush green gardens, a stone chapel, camping facilities & a hotel. If you’re not into the adrenaline rush, the location is also a perfect venue for celebrations such as birthdays, conferences and weddings. Or if you just want to have a quiet and relaxing time away from the hustle & bussle of the city, this is still a great place to go.
254 1. “Seven Questions for Professor Jaffa.” Harry V. Jaffa, ed., Original Intent and the Framers of the Constitution: A Disputed Question (Washington, D.C.: Regnery Gateway, 1994), pp. 167-80, 224-31. (Source: Item C-1987(3), above, pp. 507-29.)
So, if you accept the fact that an infant has needs, isn't it rational to also think that their need for comfort outweighs their need for independence? Isn't it rational to think that their need for the intimacy and security of closeness outweighs their need for alone time? And isn't it rational to think that their need for you outweighs their need for nearly anything else? You alone can choose whether or not to meet your baby's needs and demonstrate to them the power behind meeting needs in general.
Only because I do not like to summarize.
With Soul II Soul's Nellee Hooper at the helm, Debut offered a seductive hybrid of contemporary groove science and fusion-esque jazzual flava, laced with exotica (Talvin Singh's tabla) and just enough traces of Björk's quirky-scary intensity to stave off home-listening diva blandness. It was a monstrous success, but many believers felt this new Björk was a tad too innocuously chic – a Sade for the Nineties. Björk agrees: "I felt guilty about a lot of things I did on Debut. I was so insecure and shy with that album, but on Post I was braver."
So many more gardeners are blogging now, and it's hard to keep up. I abandoned the notion of adding more blogs to my blog's sidebar. There. Are. Too. Many. Again, Facebook can be a time saver in the sense that you aren't obliged to post anything but you can still keep in touch with friends far and near. And meet new ones in that weird past meets the present, Friends of Friends Facebookey way.
2. Those Naughty Lumps - Iggy Pop's Jacket
Heaven’s luminescence,
I don’t feel like writing this blog post right now. I don’t feel like working on my novel today. In fact, I don’t even feel like writing a grocery list today. I’m sick of writing.
Dan wants to surf and the West side of the island is world famous for the surfing (although the waves may be a bit much for us!). He might take lessons or just rent a surfboard and play around. I get nervous around big waves but I might be adventurous and try it! I know I will be soaking up the sun and snorkeling whenever I can! We love taking trips together and it is great to rejuvenate and spend time together. We always have a blast together and it’s great for our relationship! Taking trips together is a priority for us and hopefully we can continue to have adventures in the future!
1. Lots of biblical scholars generally agree that various things recorded in the Bible actually occurred in real life — a) Jesus really lived; b) Jesus really died by crucifixion; c) Jesus’s disciples, as well as Paul and James the brother of Jesus all had some sort of real experiences that changed their lives; and d) Jesus’ tomb was found empty.
iheard footsteps come back my way. I wondered who it was, as the footsteps came nearer and nearer. Before I knew it, I felt a body lean over me. Whoever it was was bare tall.
Comics have been doing a lot of growing up since the 1980’s, and the general target audience for most titles are now adults. Yeah, there are still plenty of superhero titles on the shelves, but even these have become darker and more complex, often stripping away the insecurities to show the vulnerable person behind the mask.
Answer: (Deep breath.) I am a dynamic figure, often seen scaling walls and crushing ice. I have been known to remodel train stations on my lunch breaks, making them more efficient in the area of heat retention. I translate ethnic slurs for Cuban refugees, I write award-winning operas, I manage time efficiently. Occasionally, I tread water for three days in a row.
Looking for the perfect appetizer for Raw Tacos? It's a match made in heaven with this delightful Raw Avocado ("Rawvocado"!) and Cilantro Soup made with Coconut Water - so hot right now! I have been wanting to incorporate this majorly-of-the-moment ingredient in one of my summer recipes, and it turns out that avocado and coconut are best buddies. We win!
If you make a comment about how many zeroes are on a guys paycheck, it screams “gold-digger.” A man wants to know that you admire his ability to do his job, his passion for it, and how well he does it.
You’re also the only person who can make me smile
On one side, then, legal advice and faculty pressure suggest that Brodhead will continue with his January 7 line of wholeheartedly defending the Group of 88. At this stage, the question would seem to be whether pressure from alumni or prospective parents will force him to reconsider this approach.
I don't follow the NBA. The finals last year was as close to interested as I've been in years, and the work stoppage that followed quashed any inkling I'd had of giving a shit. Still, I can't turn on ESPLin without hearing about this Jeremy Lin dude. Personal take? It's the same without a hot rookie hitter in baseball. Once he does a once around the league, adjustments will be made, and he'll be revealed for the true quality of player he is, depending on whether he can adjust to those adjustments himself.
Our wardrobe cabinets in this amazing black/brown combination gave us the clothes storage and accessibility that was needed.
Ward CO, Kuna RA, Synder NK, Alsaker RD, Coate WB, & Craig PH. Subchronic inhalation toxicity of benzene in rats and mice. Am J Ind Med 1985; 7: 457.
Can't you hear, can't you hear the thunder?
“I am.”
Then she went on to state she was a better nurse and should have been kept on instead of me, even though I've been with the company longer.
The enthusiam for the kitchen garden has hit a new level in the last couple of weeks. Each week the number of helpers has been growing in both the kitchen and the garden. It has been so much fun and everyone has been having a great time. It’s great to see parents and their children working side by side and at the end of each session there is always an overwhelming feeling of fun.
I will be back to post a goodie or funny soon!
Career lawyers pursued the case for months, including obtaining an affidavit from a prominent 1960s civil rights activist who witnessed the confrontation and described it as "the most blatant form of voter intimidation" that he had seen, even during the voting rights crisis in Mississippi a half-century ago.
So, if I don't know you, or maybe I do, and you're reading this, send me an e-mail, say hi, and maybe even drop by for a visit. I'll be sure to show you around town, and introduce you to the gang.
If “Ice Cream” set the bar for seductive food metaphor songs, then how does Rihanna’s new song, “Birthday Cake” stack up (like pancakes)?
This was a thrift shop find (99¢), in good shape. I generally don't buy records that are "electronically re-recorded to simulate stereo" unless they are unique, which I presumed this one was.
Sirens now, getting louder, getting closer
While each day is different overall, our mornings often start off the same. We all have breakfast and slowly gather in our homeschool room. Most mornings we start off with independent reading (though ED and I have often been up for a while so we may have already done some preschool activities together). LD loves to read so he starts reading the second he hits the kitchen. I generally have to ask DD to find a book she wants to read, then she's happily engrossed. Right now LD is reading the Lightning Thief while DD is reading a chapter or so each day from a Nancy Drew book Grams brought us.
Clear doesn't have to mean bright. Olive, brown, gray, terracotta - these can all be clear colors. Neutrals can be clear as well. If you can say for sure that it's white or cream or tan, it's probably clear. If you only use two shades to describe a color, it might be as well. Creamy white. Soft yellow. Blueish green. Once you get into three or more? Well, you'd have a hard time making a case for it being clear. I'd definitely listen to the argument, but a purpley-beige gray sounds pretty muddy to me.
Explaining the truth behind a mystery will always leave some people unsatisfied. Mystery engenders wonder; rational explanations often decimate it. This was no doubt a matter of much discussion for the Lost storytelling team as they approached the end of their epic.
I’ll tell ya where. In. Between. My legs.
02) Bodies
So this morning I was thinking about things and realized that summer is almost HALF way over!! It made me realize that I need to continue taking advantage of things because before you know it it will be fall and I will be busy busy with school and will be wishing for those lazy days of summer...plus this may be the only summer in a long time that I will have just to hang out and actually be lazy! So I am trying to take off my gloomy, almost all my trips are over, I'm kind of bored hat and put back on my I LOVE SUMMER hat, because, why not!
If you can stand the frigid wind chill, there are plenty of pre-Super Bowl deals to be had at Austin supermarkets this week.
“Blackie?”
Sea Hags - Self titled (collectors re-issue)
How to Drink Coffee: ”Sip it while it’s hot, enjoy it when it’s warm, down it when it’s cold.”
House has been criticised, most notably by the late Stephen Calt in his biography of Charley Patton for playing out of tune, but I tend to agree with Jim Dickinson that tuning is a "European and decadent concept", out of tune didn't hurt Chuck Berry.
“Assignment?”
I'm thinking about purchasing this dude here:
Nowhere in Lima would I be able to enjoy the wide variety of burritos as they are offered at CalTort. In fact, I’m not even sure that the burrito is a staple of Peruvian cuisine. For that matter, I’m not even positive that Mexican cuisine holds the burrito in its pantheon.
A film cannot make us suspend our humanity. It can't make you enjoy violence or be 'complicit' in it. But it can guide our humanity or shut parts of it off for a couple of hours. As soon as we enter a screening we are using different rules of engagement. Different moral standards apply. We're perfectly behind a smart assassin like 'The Bride' in Kill Bill in a way we wouldn't dream of being in real life. She'd be a mass murderer. The issue is when that special receptiveness unconsciously absorbs radical things which are then, washed in that fictional varnish that hides immorality, taken out and
Everything else in life these days seems to occur in short, staccato bursts--texting, emails, even the way movies and TV are edited has changed to accommodate those with short attention spans. I like the pace of a novel--maybe because it's a pace I dictate!
…butt out.
The first conversation we had was Linda Mark who lived in Crown Heights for 20 years and worked in the Postal Service. She talked about learning how to read at the Eastern Parkway Library Learning Center.
Intercom: “Welcome to McDonald’s would you like to try a Shamrock Shake?”
He swallowed so hard his Adam’s apple bobbed above his black bow tie. “But I was home last night, keepin’ Dat and Mamm settled so they’d be rested for today’s–”
Russell Potter
Use colors that you love and gravitate toward, not just what is trendy. For example, I am just not a blue person usually, so I rarely use it on walls. If I do use blue, it always is on the green end of the spectrum. Some ways of decoding your color likes are magazine pictures, looking at fabrics and noting the colors you are drawn to, looking in your closet, look outside your window at nature and observe what stands out to your eye. A beautiful shade that you love will be a joy to you forever. Don't use a color just because it is the "color du jour". I have been in housing developments where virtually every house has the same paint color. Not good.
Like time melting sideways from the face of a clock
I heard a loud roar, so I quickly opened the door and stepped outside. I could hear the ice cracking from one end of the lake to the other in several places. I have heard of thermal contraction on concrete highways, but I didn’t know it happened on ice covered bodies of water. I never imagined a noise this loud, it lifted the hair on the back of my neck.
The consequences of this catastrophe continue today, with thousands of disabled survivors suffering from the "Chernobyl syndrome" of radiation-related illnesses, and the urgent need to replace the hastily-constructed and now crumbling sarcophagus over the still-contaminated reactor. As this remarkable film makes clear, THE BATTLE OF CHERNOBYL is far from over.
The everyday, run-of-the-mill, ordinary adventures of the Weeds. I will no longer be struggling to understand French or have complaints about the foreign Swiss culture, but I am certain there will be plenty of adventures right here in Mid-West USA. Adventures in cooking, reading, photography, reverse culture shock, grocery shopping, organizing, gardening and bargain hunting...to name a few. They may not be adventures in Switzerland, but there will be
Prior to that, I was a commissioned officer in the Navy with three years in SEAL Team 12, the off-world team, under the aegis of Naval Space Command.
I hate to say it, but all I can do is sit back and watch this train wreck of a duo slowly tear apart this quirky and loving family that makes up The Office.
Forget the eggnog, even if it is nicely spiked. With the weather as it is, I think I'll take a nice cup, or three of something a lot warmer, something that will toast my toes as well.
On Saturday at 15.30, from the Cathedral towards the Friedhof am Perlacher Forst, the clergy led a large procession to the graves of Alexander’s friends, the brother and sister Hans and Sophie Scholl, and Christoph Probst, executed in February 1943. They honoured the memory of prayer and a moment of silence. Then, the participants in this out-of-the-ordinary and rare phenomenon, the making of a saint from a mere mortal man, trudged through the snow-covered cemetery to the grave of Alexander Schmorell. Despite the bitter cold, the priests served a litiya, and, then, the marchers returned to the cathedral for the last Pannikhida for Alexander before his glorification. After the Vigil service, the clergy brought out the icon of the new saint and they sang the service to the new saint before it.
01. Introduction
Distribution lists for messaging
Camera: This would be helpful to take pictures of the damage immediately after the situation happened. That way you can send it to insurance and other places, also to have a keepsake for yourself of what really happened.
1 package - Pink Paislee Indigo Bleu collection - Boutique Trinkets (brads and buttons)
So again, why study economics? One of the main reasons to study economics is to develop a new way of thinking. There are basic concepts in economics that once learned help a person to observe and understand everyday choices with a whole new perspective. Economics explains fundamental concepts in decision making like opportunity cost, marginalism, and efficiencies.
I am not surprised by this. And I have to give the blackhats their ‘props’ for creative thinking. (It’s a bit like a gang of thieves forming their own rent-a-cop company..)
You will know whats coming next all you who know me.
How many movies have you seen in life?
“So you should probably go up to him and tell him you will do anything for him. I don’t know why he asked for you. You don’t even work in designer apparel.”
With the tide of ebb,
6: More and more new vinyl being pressed and sold.
Petropolis, Brazil
Amongst accepting this inevitable compromise that may come with an independent state solution, problems concerning quarrelling between Palestine’s different political factions would undoubtedly entail. With Hamas ruling Gaza and Fatah the West Bank, it might be difficult for Palestine to unite.
It's taken me years to even guess what she might have meant by that...
I feel like getting naked and running though the streets, yelling eureka, eureka! By George, I think I’ve got it. And I wasn’t even looking. It all began a few days ago, when I started on a post about creating soil from scratch. A radical notion in its own right, to be sure. So let’s begin with the story there.
How often can students ask for reassessment? What are the limits on reassessment?
Many states and counties have similar tools — both for finding corporation information within a state and for finding crime data by town and neighborhood. Check with your local librarian to see if what’s available in your area.
These are the first three chapters. It’s very organic, but still structured. It goes up with tension, it goes down when things get resolved, sometimes it just goes straight. It’s a visualization of pacing. There’s also a separate file of each chapter that tracks the motives of the characters in their actions. Just my M.O. that seems to work.
The Port Campus is located at 1107 Marginal Road just past the site of the new Farmers Market. Take either Lower Water Street to Marginal Road – South Street to Terminal Road then to Marginal – or Hollis Street to Terminal to Marginal. When you arrive, pass the Port Loggia Gallery up to the Security desk in the centre of the space. There will be someone to sign you in. Take the elevator behind security to the 2nd floor and turn to your left as you exit. P208 is down this hallway on the harbour side.
Characters in Literature: Scarlett O'Hara, Gollum, Andy Dufresne (The Shawshank Redemption)
3. I applied to be in a local crafting group called Make:Tulsa. AND I got in. It's a lot of fun and good to meet other little crafting businesses. make sure to check out the blog- everyone posts fun ideas and tutorials and they keep you posted on the fun classes that they have at the indie emporium store, made. downtown at 5th & boston. (which.. some of my dolls and crowns are sold at.)
So, disaster averted... No #*%$#@ mule to bury today.
Lastly I added two circles of wood to the top to act as hotplates, the bowl goes on the left, leaving a work area in between, I even made two small cooker controls for the front, otherwise there would be no way to turn the cooker on and off ;-)
And of course these can be gained in ANY school of horsemanship!
The difficulties must have come as a surprise to Stamford Bridge players who may have felt entitled to believe they now had authority, even if it came in the shape of Roberto Di Matteo. After André Villas-Boas had been dismissed Chelsea went to almost pedantic lengths to stress that the person taking over should be viewed as a m ere caretaker. Di Matteo’s title of interim head coach might have been designed to stop him from getting over-excited.
So I remind myself that "The Sovereign Lord tends his flock like a shepherd; He gathers the lambs in his arms and carries them close to his heart; he gently leads those that have young." Isaiah 40:11
The court directed the ISI, the MI and the FC to submit a detailed report on missing persons.
High in the Ethiopian mountains an ancient monastery watches over the sacred Gish Abbai spring. The waters bubbling out of the ground feed Lake Tana, then spill into a gorge to become the Blue Nile. In the Sudanese capital Khartoum it meets the White Nile, which gushes northwards out of Lake Victoria, and together they flow on through Egypt to the Mediterranean.
the embossing swirl came, i clean it with a tissue.
There is a two page spread on the reproductive system. I checked it out before placing it on the bookshelf to make sure it was appropriate reading and decided that it was fine. I figured that Bluebird would read through it quickly and put it back on the shelf, just like everything else.
I hope you guys have enjoyed this trip into Rockies history. It really has helped make the offseason go by much quicker. Now I just have to find something else to write on Sundays. I think I may bring back an old favorite from the past to fill up your Sunday void. (Yes I know it's Monday, but this was supposed to be done yesterday.)
Humility: Recognizing your limitations and faults. Should not be used in apologetics.
The night before we'd talked at dinner, the four of us, about second homes - for me enticing but for the Celt, a not-so-captivating idea. For our friends, two men from London, a second home was nothing more than an extra expense, extra responsibility, etc., a dismissal so heartfelt and final I was glad I was old or wise enough not to argue. I understand all the arguments against such an establishment but, much in the way the Frick's courtyard garden attracted me because of its sense of enclosure and separation from the noise of the city, so does a small place - a recourse rather than ivory tower - surrounded by woodland, within the sound, if not the sight, of falling water, blind to the road but open to a courtyard that captures, each in its season, the fall of sun, moon, rain, snow and leaf.
I can’t continue.
I won’t review music, as I’m not highly knowledgeable in that field, and probably wouldn’t be able to give a good opinion, but I will be reviewing the things listed here..as well as other things. After all, in my life, there’s probably something I haven’t heard of that I’ll encounter and want to review. It probably won’t happen right now, but if it happens in the future, I’ll be updating this list.
Anyways.. starting to go on and on... I saw a fun little "gems" game on etsy but didn't want to pay to get it and it wasn't all that cute so I cutesied one up and no we have a fun little game.
I'm also proud that I managed to make a Valentine's card using only a tid bit of pink! I must say I use pink on just about EVERY card I make so this is an accomplishment for me =) Thanks so much for looking!
1) 'No, I don't want to drive Daughter to Bloody Rabbit Rescue Centre on a ninety miles trip there and back, in order to fetch the new rabbits we have purchased at Vast Expense from Said Rescue Centre, following on from a Rabbit Expert coming to Inspect our garden to check it is suitable for rabbits when we already have about 158 wild rabbits who think it is perfectly suitable, thank you very much, instead of going to the local Pet Store and buying Said Rabbits for Normal Rabbit Prices like Normal People sodding well do.
and I get only glimpses
The Cake: L designed his own cake (similar to some we'd seen online) and then I had a good friend make it for him. His "dream" he said, was to have a blue cake with yellow stars, and characters on the top. She followed his instructions exactly and the cake was perfect!
Christl said investigators found bloodied clothing, a folding knife and guns that tied McClain to the crimes.
127. “Attitude is a little thing that makes a big difference.” ~Winston Churchill
Last year, Mallin and fellow prosecutor Jim Gibson filed a motion asking state District Judge Wayne Salvant to forcibly medicate Staley to restore his competence and carry out the jury’s verdict.
All of these beers are great for chilly fall nights without being too strong or overpowering as some of their winter counterparts. Flavors of the season to get you through the month of November!
Tina Fey? You know I love you. The restraining order says so. But I'm finishing up Bossypants and I have to say, boo for your blip about the time you were fat. And you were a ginormous SIZE 12. Oh Tina. All that talk about woman power and it still comes down to the numbers? I will always worship the ground you walk on, but I'm a little more self-conscious now.
“The loss of my sister has been a life long source of sorrow for me. I attribute it to the LSD and its cover up, whether the chemicals themselves ’caused’ her disintegration or not. In law this is called a ‘contributing cause.’ I learned that people cover up the most awful things, not just within a family but within communities, within universities, within ‘polite society.’ There is probably no absolute barrier that will prevent these things from being done, but they have to be exposed and called out for what they are, whenever they occur.”
As the line slowly moved forward, We found that the barriers alongside us, became metal poles and fencing, funneling the people into one direction. At one point, some of the people decided they didn’t want to be forced to go in one direction, but when they turned to go back, they found armed officers of some kind, (claiming to try and keep the peace,) pulling out their guns, and ordering those people to keep moving forward.
Kraumur Awards is a music prize, organized by the Kraumur Music Fund, awarded for the Best Albums being released in Iceland.
HOW ANOTHER MOM MAKES VEGETABLES FUN Suzy G is mother to three in Portsmouth, New Hampshire. Here's how she gets her kids to eat more vegetables: "I take them to farm stands. Many farms will let the kids look around the actual farm a bit. The kids get to choose what we buy, with the agreement that they will at least try it. They have learned to love string beans (especially purple ones!), fresh-picked broccoli and purple potatoes. My son will now eat any 'lettuce' that he gets from the farm -- though he calls kale, swiss chard and spinach 'lettuce'. They've even enjoyed Brussels sprouts when they got to pick the stalk and break off the sprouts themselves. In the winter, we hit the indoor farmer's markets and they get to choose there, too!"
But it’s too late!
Here she is on the sand bar (camera zoomed in)
I picked this up when it came out with the Peacocky collection, but it is available again now, as it was repromoted in the Shop MAC, Cook MAC collection. I was set to get a few more shades since they are available now, but I used the few brain cells that haven't been obliterated by nail polish and acetone fumes, to realize I really don't need more lip gloss. This is a really great product though, the creamy colour with a bit of shine that wears so well. Defiantly pick one up if you haven't tried them yet.
My doctor said it's called unexplained infertility.
Junsu smile hearing this. Usually, after such a painful fuck or rape, he will be left just like that. All naked and hurt. Without he notice, tears come out and wet Yoochun’s chest. Yoochun look down and lift Junsu’s face.
So how about you? Are there some beliefs you hold that may not be helping you in life?
First of all, I use the Pandora ap on my iphone because who can clean without music?? Its great because you can type in any song or artist that you like and it plays the same style music. I also LOVE that when the phone rings, the radio stops & promptly resumes when you hang up!! Yeah....its great!
Chetty said the traffic officers could have displayed the taxi signs for their amusement after confiscating them from illegally operating metered taxis.
The Top Five Regrets of the Dying gives hope for a better world. It is a story told through sharing her inspiring and honest journey, which will leave you feeling kinder towards yourself and others, and more determined to live the life you are truly here to live. This delightful memoir is a courageous, life-changing book.
In the case before us, it was not shown that there was willful violation of the law, neither was it indicated that the respondents have been found guilty of negligence.
However, these days I rarely get up early enough during the work week to eat a “real” breakfast. Most of the time, my day starts off with some yogurt, a piece of fruit or something from the vending machine if anything at all. So, when trying to come up with something to make for dinner one night, TGF and I decided to do breakfast for dinner.
in the world where we few
HOW: (1) Volunteer; (2) Donating relief goods (clothing, blankets, food, etc.); (3) Donate cash thru the ff:
Despite the week of unseasonably nippy temperatures, hail and rain, rain, rain, my lilacs are just about to burst out of their buds.
I AM FUCKING DEAD.
Sometimes, when we are faced with a hurdle or a failure, what we really need is someone who is supportive (and not financially invested in our business) to push us over that hurdle or failure.
Adults:
Just a softie robot and a t-shirt to do tonight...then I'm done..phew
I’ve learned enough in these short 34 years that being present in every moment is a goal I strive for, because every moment has something beautiful and amazing to offer.
But Xianity’s not even the native religion of the North Atlantic Isles??? Celtism, Wiccanism and the Tuantha Pantheon are the TRUE faith of Scots, Welsh and Irish BEFORE the English invaded and subjugated the original faith systems and peoples (albeit beringing some tehcnology and development, that does not justify the loss of Sovereignty nor the right to destroy the original faith systems).
Well, the L is capitalized on that bottle too. I guess it is supposed to be like that? It’s not like that in my teacher’s manual. Of course, it doesn’t say in my teacher’s manual that Christopher Columbus slaughtered the Indians as soon as he got off of the boat, so you know, whatever.
Asked about views of the Arab Spring in Sub-Saharan Africa, a Senegalese told N&L: “The revolutionary spirit is very much alive and all are wondering if they can make it happen in their own countries.”
U2 New Year’s day IRL
1 quite
When I was eighteen, I was coming home from a night out. My parents in the parlor, having fallen asleep attempting to watch whatever film together for the umpteenth time. It being a rule in the household at the time, I announced my presence.
2. Fundamentally speaking, it “aint” cheap either.
…and why is that?
Approximately 925 million people in the world do not eat enough to be healthy. That means that one in every seven people on Earth goes to bed hungry each night.(Source: FAO News Release, 2012).
We arrived at 6:30 p.m., checked on the dog, put our belongings on the kitchen counter and then went outside to the tub. As I was about to step in, I realized I still had the thank-you-for-my-Christmas-present note I had meant to leave inside.
Repeat until the mixture is done. This makes about 12 egg rolls.
Augie decided to be Bob the Builder. Not surprising for a kid who owns a full-size tool box, hammer, screwdriver, and metal measuring tape, and who spends lots of play time constructing roads, houses, zoos, castles, etc.
The critics, however, have not been dissuaded. The Shorter OED tells us:
Thus the only option for the establishment is to “double down”: more immigration, renewed Multiculturalism, and increased “tolerance”. This places the political class on a collision course with their own people.
I wake up to the hubster calling me, it's 8:15am. My little human alarm clock hasn't woken me up. I lay there thinking maybe she's catching up on all the sleep she's missed out on the past few days and nights. And then I realise, something is wrong.
click! a light bulb went off in my head!
Dawn shakes and stirs and another round
Once the team is assembled, Dan is regularly invited to take two of them with him, and each have their own unique conversations with each other and our hero. Again, these exchanges are a real highlight of the experience, and show what a massive difference it makes when you bother to spend some time on your characters. If you’re going to be battling giant spider robots with people, it’s better they be people that you actually like, right?
The rumor is that you can get super efficient at this, zipping through identification, explanation, investigation and application. Try out different mediums, until you find something that makes this fun for you.
I will admit that I'm in the minority with my review. Most of the reviews that I've read were much more positive (I'm talking 4 to5 stars). Should I have given the book another 100 pages? Maybe. But for now, I've set this book aside. Unfortunately, descriptions of wetlands and the decision of whether to drain them or not took over the majority of the 200+ pages that I read. I'm sure that Eleanor Glanville lead an interesting life ... I just wish there was less marshy descriptions involved in telling her story.
Ener-G Egg Replacer – 1 1/2 tsp
Consider Randal Radic, author of ‘A Priest in hell’ and ‘The Sound of Meat’ and his comments on the first part of this article:
“I like Dane’s approach… this way, I can i) bring something to market pretty fast ii) afford the little failures here and LEARN from them iii) generate monthly cash flow (people start to take you seriously when this happens) iv) build a track record in case I need to go the VC route for my next business… so basically, WIN-WIN-WIN-WIN!!!”
Till all success be nobleness
2. Failure to achieve fiscal union
"How can I think about change when my struggle is to fill my stomach?"
B. The low social communication abilities result in functional limitations in effective communication, social participation, academic achievement, or occupational performance, alone or in any combination.
I was lucky enough to live in Russia for a while: The country of extremes, where anything is possible.
that sail
NTD Television: About 100 protesters held candles on the doorstep of Tokyo Electric Power Company's headquarters on Tuesday as part of the 25th anniversary of the Chernobyl disaster.
Celebrities with a square face shape: Janet Jackson and Hilary Swank.
We clothe ourselves, our homes, our communities with beauty and truly do try to embrace all the hope Advent holds.
But I would really like some good friends to hang out with.
Can’t keep my mind from the circling skies
Just a quick update to say the 11 miles (well, actually 10.8) went well. I took it very slow, but at least got it done and didn't feel too horrible afterwards despite the full fledged head cold. The best part about running with a head cold is running works like an anti-histamine so you can actually breathe when you run!
I have done lots of scrapping this week, but due to the rainy and overcast weather I have not been able to take great pictures. So I really hope tomorrow that I can take some nice pictures.
In liberating strife.
to you!
Griffin is growing and growing and is starting to smile more and react to weird things we do.
“Keep crying and I’ll give you something to cry about.”
The grueling month of January is dead and gone with the month of “love” replacing it. The highlights of this month will certainly be our Champions League encounter against the BarcAliens and our Carling Spoon final against Birmingham.
Because:
Author Bazhe: “I celebrate, when selling my books Damages and Identities, by treating myself with fine Swiss chocolates given to me by many of my admirers and treating my cat to his favorite food and a new toy… I celebrate when I finish writing my new book, or when pre-sale, by visiting an exotic country or place in the world and by taking my cat to a special animal spa that he loves. And I am not kidding what I confessed to you. You can see it on YouTube:
The academy's goal is to identify and train up a team of super video producers and then market these skills to the small businesses and communities in and around Cape Town.
They push their panties with all the angels a man can dream up, even though I am sure devils would be more comfortable in the product they are pushing! No, this is not a rant about scantily clad models flashing their over-processed bodies at me and my family. In all honesty I would rather see those bodies than the ones that are generally inflicted on me every time I head to 'Wal-My-lord-did-no-one-love-you-enough-to-stop-you-before-you-got-out-of-the-house-in-that!!!
When it comes to quality beaches with good lake views, you can practically take your pick here. I visited no less than five beaches during my hike. I have two favorite beaches to recommend. The first is only about a five-minute walk from the parking lot on Church Street that is located across from the trailhead. (The lot also serves the Laurel Bluff Trail.) It is a broad beach with a nice view over some mud flats with a sparse covering of grass. The second beach, which is about 10 minutes into the hike, is at a bend in the lake. It offers excellent views in two directions and has a crude wooden bench/platform that is a great spot to stop for lunch. I spend several minutes here watching a trio of swallowtail butterflies.
I would love to know...what are some of your favorite things??
A wonderful emotion to get things moving when one is stuck is anger. It was anger more than anything else that had set me off, roused me into productivity and creativity.
Jordan Hasay (Oregon) defeated Kathy Kroeger (Stanford) for the girls Pac-10 title. How many times did we see these two go back and forth at past FL Nationals?! Stanford was able to take the team title on both sides.
. I have to say the Payden foundation knows how to treat their riders. At the picnic there were full body massages! Massage therapists donated their time, brought their tables, and bravely massaged the tired sweaty cyclists. All in all it was a very fabulous experience that should be repeated yearly.
On another note, while I was doing research I discovered there is a band called Bog Spavin. Their logo is "rock out with your hock out". It was disturbing to me.
So, as a friend once wisely told me - "They never treat you better than on the first date." - this probably was an indication that things were going to go downhill from here.
This recipe is super duper easy and from the fine folks at King Arthur Flour. You can throw the ingredients together in the morning and bake them while you are taking a shower. The muffin has Dutch-process cocoa and some chocolate chips for a double chocolate punch.
Whitcomb says the drones will be used for situations like crime scene photography, missing person searches, and barricaded person scenarios.
Partner and Director of Education, Muttley Dastardly LLP
About the warranty, we paid a little extra and got the whole warranty extended to 100k miles, so it's not just drive train coverage. If you are used to new cars, you probably don't appreciate the wonderment I feel; ah, to have a car that I can drive anywhere, without worry. If you are used to driving a POS, then you get it, and yeah, it's that awesome.
3WW: Demolish, Resolution, Transform.
Al's side. That wooden chest up top was hand made by his father :) It's a lockbox and super special. I don't know what's in it, but it's likely noneofmybusiness.
The oil industry says it needs to explore and open new markets and all the while getting Billions of dollars from the Government – i.e. the taxpayer – i.e. the consumer in subsidies to help pay for that exploration.
Jeans: Lucky
But no. The frogs this year are better than ever, a couple of them as big as pigeons, their offspring clustering sweetly around them. There are so many that even Bisou, whose passion is to bump every single one back into the pond with her nose, has been known to miss a couple.
First flight of s.n. 00001 now is slated for third quarter 2012. The aircraft will be used primarily for flight envelope expansion and performance testing during the development program.
Chris's mom expected him to study hard, go to college, be a doctor or a lawyer. I tease him that he didn't become a lawyer; he married one instead. His partner, Bill, is an attorney in Washington, DC, and if that wasn't scary enough to me, he's also white. And Republican. Yikes! White Men in Suits! Republicans in DC! I was prepared not to like him very much, but, as it so often goes with our narrow-minded stereotypes, I had to completely change my mind as soon as I met Bill. He's a totally nice guy, funny and charming, completely supportive of Chris and his work in the way that makes you believe the whole leftt-brained needs right-brained way: I think sometimes people with really left-brained kinds of careers really benefit when they have someone whose work is at the other end of the spectrum. It's kind of simplistic to put it that way, but if you're spending your days around people who are maybe kind of analytical in their approach to things, I think it's got to be so calming to come home to another kind of thinking. And vice versa, of course. Their home is filled with wonderful art--it's like a gallery, and you keep seeing things you missed the first time around.
He was funny, but I don’t watch The West Wing and never have, so I can’t comment.
I was very lucky that I was living in New York when I discovered publishing as a potential career and I got a highly coveted place on an internship where I focused on YA and MG. From that point, I was hooked, and I can’t imagine doing anything else.
The committee – comprised by conservative Republicans – billed the tracker as a means to transparency for some 185
Marooney writes "In addition to the foregoing General Objections, Plaintiff objects to Request No. 3 on the grounds that it is overbroad, unduly burdensome, intentionally designedto harass Mr. Robertson, and calls for information that is not relevant to any claimor defense of any party."
I got the pendant from Micheal's and the fiber/ribbon is from India. I have used white gel pen, black sharpie and gold metallic acrylic ink and a brush to embellish the pattern paper and the feather. The oval scallop (image) and the blue oval scallop is a nestability.
There are twelve crows across the sky.
SEEKING LOCAL VOLUNTEERS FOR A 3-4 MONTH STUDY. We are a design team from the Interaction Research Studio at Goldsmiths, University of London. We have been working on a variety of digital devices to expose the home’s microclimate – imagine a miniature weather station. Now we would like to lend these devices to you in return for telling us about your experiences of living with them. If you are interested and live in SE4, SE8, SE14, SE23 please respond by April 9th 2011. Contact: Kirsten Boehner at kirsten@legiblelandscapes.org or call 07779.168.516.
I: Absolutely. Were you aware of how influential both Essential Logic and X-ray Spex had been on the Riot Grrl scene in the US?
We always loved Costa’s clothes on QVC. They were very dressy, very classy and very inexpensive. And from ShopNBC sent us, it looks like he will be doing that same kind of fine work for ShopNBC.
LIVE AND LET FLY by Karina Fabian:
- Cayenne & Cinnamon Truffle
(That is a hell of a name huh?)
This will go against all the current anti-alcohol propaganda but I believe that the nightclubs should remain open till 8 or 9am the next day. There's actually good reason for this and I'll try and explain my thinking as best as possible.
Jules is the queen of mixing prints and textures.
The problem is, as a society, we still have not imagined a way of organising work that accommodates the truth of our lives. We work in jobs that often don’t produce tangible things and the proxies for performance have become long hours in the workplace. In a toxic climate of individualism we see children, and in fact any form of dependence, as some abhorrent condition that must be hidden from view.
I’ve had to come to God often with my frustration, fears and wants. I have found that trusting in Him to meet my needs and take care of things leads to less crying on my part and a happier home. I’ve found more rest in that than in stewing about what I think is unfair treatment and repeatedly complaining about what I don’t like. I’ve certainly tried both options.
Fortunately, when milking fresh coconut, you can control for this - simply use the milk/second extraction for general cooking on higher heat, then add the cream/first extraction at the very end of cooking (or after you've turned off the heat) as a thickener.
And just like having the bad habit of thinking negative thoughts - NOW your brain starts to retrain itself and will only remember what 'it sees', what you put in front of it (what you are thinking about and watching!)
An individual with Autism’s difficulties in communication (in my experience) is the one that makes day-to-day activities challenging. For instance, a student with Autism might burst out crying in the middle of a lesson in school because he/she is tired or bored. In extreme instances, individuals with Autism may physically hurt another person just because they wore a different pair of shoes which unsettlled them. in other cases, people with ASC may not speak at all (either by choice or not). I know that these are extreme, bordering on ‘stereotypical’ and I acknowledge that not every single person with Autism will behave in these ways. These are just examples.
7. Ideas don’t hit you in the shower. Ideas are the result of a lot of iterations. Ideas in the social space are often combinations of other ideas. Allowing ideas to mix and fold with each other with an eye on the problem space, allows more useful solutions to come to mind. Sharing and discussing ideas is part of the process, also getting the ideas in front of people is critical to knowing if you have something they may want to use. The first idea is not going to be the last one, you will have many ideas. It is important to explore the solution space. Certain themes will follow you. You will find yourself attracted to certain problems and ideas. Teach yourself the skills that help you grow in that domain of knowledge, try out ideas and explore. It will not be an overnight success but will evolve over time, often years. Most companies are not overnight successes. Make sure you know what question are you answering. It never gets easier or less busy, it is a lifetime commitment, so make sure you love what you are doing. It is a good attitude to realize that things change and it helps to be excited by those challenges and alterations from the original course. It helps to think about smaller goals than the end goal. Look to the next hill not the destination.
A. There was no tape. At all.
July 15
You might see me as...an angry-all-the-time white guy who follows all the rules and only want you to do things his way.
Doing your hair at Viva can be one of the biggest headaches! I have a hard time doing rolls as it is, now throw in a different climate, hard water, and a hangover and they become nearly impossible. Over the years I have gotten better at it, but I still have those moments where I want to rip my hair out of my head!
Each nightmare realm, each infernal prison is host to a seemingly infinite number of damned things. They writhe and bite and scratch and bleed and howl hoping that some mortal will be foolish enough to create a link between this world and theirs. Were a mortal to view this hellish-gullet, they would perceive these screeching hordes as a flowing mass of indistinguishable bodies. This belies the truth, for there are demons - if only a few - that are truly individual.*
TD: That's good. That you respect others.
Air New Zealand’s “game changing” new Boeing airliner was officially handed over to the Kiwi national carrier in Seattle yesterday – complete with the so-called “cuddle class” economy couches. The 777-300ER is the first plane equipped with the New Zealand-designed skycouch and spaceseat which the airline says will revolutionise economy travel. Air New Zealand has been working on this interior redesign since 2006.
We're at the site of the new house that is being built every weekend now (usually on Saturday morning) - to see the progress that's being made. I could share some photos of that, but I don't wish to bore you, yet.
We hopped back in the motorcade for the drive back to ISAF and the helicopter lift to Bagram. Again, in blackout conditions.
But what that means is you’re really living on the edge that first season. You want to always be ahead, have a few scripts in the bank ready to go, but not too many because things could change. And you sure don’t want to go week-to-week with writing new scripts because then you wind up in a cardiac ward or the Unibomber’s shed.
Honestly, I pray for and think of so many of you-- Ron (Mom & Dad), Barbara, Cheri... many more of you. I was just saying prayers of thanks, this morning, for my son's six months of sobriety. That's definitely debatable, because some people believe that if you are using methadone then you are not sober. As far as I am concerned, my son is not buying heroin. He's using methadone at a clinic that has a good reputation for dispensing this, in liquid form, and adhering to the state of California's very strict guidelines.
A young child slapping his or her parent's hand away in defiance is not cute, it's disrespectful.Why does this not seem like a serious logical problem? If hitting is not cute, then let's all try to stop, ok? Adults, you go first. The kids will be right behind you.
�� If media organisations can continue to do that, it will be very helpful, it will be very helpful on the ground�.
class feeling positive about being a writer and this had a positive effect on
“The cantankerous old coot over against the wall.”
The pokiness, the untidiness, and the absence of any aesthetic value only seemed to intensify my desire.. Thre was nothing there to inhibit me, by reminding me of my life and the world. It was as though I became someone else in that room, an object in Ivona's chaotic collection of treasured and neglected knickknacks.
During the convention we were at dinner one night and someone started talking about her experience on the maternity floor at the hospital. Several other people joined in, cooing about how precious the babies can be. In a lull in the conversation, both as a rebuke to all the goo-goo talk and a crack at my guy friend, I said in my most contemptuous surfer dude voice, “Babies are gay.”
In 1942, he was arrested in North Africa supervising construction of a German pipeline and returned to the U.S. on charges of treason. He committed suicide in prison awaiting trial.
So, a BIG thank you to each of you. Reading your words of encouragement really boosted my confidence and I think that helped me approach the interview feeling cool, calm, and collected. In honor of my success, I want to share with you some of the inspirational images I've found on pinterest. If you are following me, you know that I have a whole pin board devoted to words and these are some of the images that I have found especially encouraging.
I've taken the smallest booth available, so have room for 3 large paintings, a few smaller works, some wood hangers, and I think I'll have a small selection of prints for sale, though I haven't decided which ones yet.
The UK finds itself in the bottom quartile in this year’s Expat Experience league table in the Expat Explorer report, coming 29th out of 31 countries overall. Despite this, it is the 6th most popular choice in terms of an ideal expat destination.
(4) Monsieur Morrison because he had the good taste to die and be buried in Paris & the most crowd-pleasing song in my rep is my cover of his "People Are Strange."
The other states are mostly a foregone conclusion. Some of them will go one way, and some another, but those five states are "in play." And they will see a blitz of advertising and volunteer work that will make voters tired of the whole process long before November.
The receptionist excuses herself and returns five minutes later. Once again she knocks on the door and peeks in.
here's some sunday big hurt trade bait. come n' git it...
Why did you do that
RECOMMENDATION: Great zombie stuff! Must see!
Received a call from Nikki in Italy. He was with Hayden. Hayden got on the phone and told me about his new batman watch that Nikki bought him. Hr also asked me why I did not pay Pi Newan and the electricity. Nikki told me he had been brainwashed on that matter. Nikki was returning to Zürich today and his course will finish mid-month. Does not know if they will be coming back to Thailand, but Natalie said something about returning to Chiang Mai for Hayden’s school. We will see…
Coming up next, CM Punk and HHH gives us their Final Face-Off before Sunday night.
It unanimously approved rules allowing TV stations to share channels while retaining must-carry and other rights that come with owning a full channel.
In both the Nimrod and Snatch Land Rover cases the use of old, outdated or inappropriate equipment was key, but in the Nimrod case there was no other intervening action; equipment failure led directly to the deaths. In the Land Rover cases, there had to be the intervening action of an IED. It seems inequitable and distasteful that the Ministry of Defence should be able to evade liability in the Land Rover cases on this basis. However, this may be about to change, following the brave decision of Mr Justice Owen, who, on 30 June 2011, rejected an application by the Ministry of Defence to strike out a claim on the basis of combat immunity, at least in respect of this negligent procurement argument (Smith & Others v Ministry of Defence [2011] EWHC 1676 (QB)).
to have the Holy Spirit, for He’s the one who brings boldness into your spirit
Patrick wrote a post on facebook that we were taking the trip to honor our girls and I wrote this comment to explain:
This is a free blogger opp that will help you increase your Twitter following. This post tells you how you can sign-up to participate in this event. The giveaway itself will go live on 4/30.
During the same year, while visiting at my Uncle Eldad Woodruff’s, I fell from a porch across some timber, and broke my other arm.”
I'm linking this up to Clydia's link party...
"It's never too late to be who you might have been." - George Eliot
Residential robbery is a relatively new category of crime, listed separately in the police's crime statistics for the first time in 2002.
* The First International- CSPP / IAPPS Symposium on Current Challenges and Future Directions in Insect and Disease Management in Rice Production is one of 6 Symposia of the CSPP-Annual Meeting.
By the way - since this is so simple, this is not really a recipe but more of an idea. The amounts are up to you & your tastes!
Thanks to everyone for checking it out! :)
When we got home he was ready to run around the yard!
1/2 to 3/4 c leftover barbecue pork, rib meat, or brisket (cut into small pieces)
easton: weighs 33lbs, which is in the 65th percentile. he is 3'2.25", which is in the 64th percentile.
So yes, don’t expect to be understood, because you won’t. Just know that there are plenty of nut jobs keeping you company in that padded cell.
“Baby Tressel Day” on Wednesday, February 15 at the Community Blood Center (CBC) Richmond branch will mark nearly 18 months since little Tressel Meinardi died from a tragic mistake during heart surgery. Richmond Mayor Sally Hutton will proclaim the blood drive as “A Day of Caring” to symbolize new hope for the Meinardi family and all those who benefit from the gift of life.
*not pictured: American me*
I have three pieces of advice for young entrepreneurs:
In this video, Home Instead Senior Care franchise owners and CAREGivers discuss how the Life Journal has helped them care for people with Alzheimer’s and other dementias.
This year, the first of May means a few things.
We had to change up the itinerary a bit because of the weather. We stuck mostly to the original plan, but had the kids set up the army men upon arrival instead of doing the paper airplanes. We had to scratch the obstacle course because the ground was so wet, but were able to do everything else...just a little bit out of order. We don't have pictures of 'Drill Sergeant Says' or the 'Parachute Games' because I forgot to hand off the camera until after the parachute. Thanks to Papa for the birthday party photos!
The signs are there already.
Good health. I want my kids to be healthy, physically, nutritionally, mentally and emotionally. I want them to like a wide variety of foods, to experiment with foods, and to love to cook. Food is such a big part of our lives, we love to try new things from all over the world. I want my kids to like to be active. Walking, riding bike, sports, anything that gets them moving. Being active keeps you at a good weight, helps you be healthier, reduces arthritis, blood pressure problems, etc.
Do you have this bathing suit in another size?
New meds:
The 1912 building permit was to the Ricketts Amusement Co and the architect was E W Houghton, a Seattle-based architect originally born in Hampshire in England. Ricketts, who came from the same county, was the former lesee of CPR’s Opera House (just down the street from the building, and despite its title, a mainstream theatre). Ricketts probably ceased connections with the building before its completion; he managed the Imperial Theatre before retiring in 1915. The 1913 opening saw the Kinemacolor Theatre offering movies, in colour – the first Canadian theatre with the system. Kinemacolor was invented by English cinematographer George Albert Smith, and marketed by American entrepreneur Charles Urban. Film was run through a projector at 32 frames per second, twice the normal speed, and then filtered through red and green coloured lenses to produce “the world’s wonders in nature’s colours.” A nine-piece orchestra accompanied the short films, and a baritone named George C. Temple “delighted the audience with some of the old songs.” Later, the theatre added a $10,000 organ to accompany the silent movies. The cinema failed to thrive, and was closed in 1914. The sign for the cinema remained however – perhaps because it’s 7 feet high and 13 feet wide. It mysteriously disappeared when the building was torn down in 1972 to make way for the Pacific Centre Mall, only to reappear in the Keg restaurant on Thurlow at Alberni, before it ended up removed from there too.
into that, which boldly boasts bliss.
A few days ago I posted about how good I was at procrastinating, and how I was having trouble motivating myself without a deadline. Some of you were kind enough to come back to me a couple of days later and ask me how I’d been getting on, and I had indeed managed 1,400 words. I haven’t written anything else on that particular project since, as editing is hard and requires brain power, but I’m working on a new writing project (a murder mystery involving contract killers and some incredibly red herrings), of which I’ve written 1,813 at the time of working on this post. Result!
the moth into the air. You will
There is too much of it.
Stated simply, I didn't realize what I was missing. While the US version is the meatier prospect, song for song, and displays to fuller effect the humanity, humor and reach of the band (adding the excellent- and free- bonus single, it sets the stage for London Calling), The UK edition is the one for me. There's an immediacy here that is unparalleled in the annals of Rock, a low-fi fury of tightly wound working-class frustration, sulphate-driven riffing (Mick Jones- guitar HERO), and the rabid bark of THE quintessential acquired taste in Rock vocals. The Clash is an attestation to the disaffected, a permission slip to act up (which I took literally for the next twenty years) and ask questions (ditto- plus ten). And the hooks were there all along. When I listen to this record now, I can see the boy who became the man, and hear the voice of Strummer reminding that boy that he is not alone.
BERAN J, MORAVIK J. Effectiviness of vaccination against influenza in Skoda Auto Company employees during the influenza season 2000-2001. Cent Eur J Public Health 2003; 11: 209-212.
What kind of witness are you? Others are observing your life and seeing how true you are to the One you claim as Lord and Saviour. Will you finish your course with joy?
GRANT, we beseech thee, Almighty God, that like as we do believe thy only-begotten Son our Lord Jesus Christ to have ascended into the heavens; so we may also in heart and mind thither ascend, and with him continually dwell, who liveth and reigneth with thee and the Holy Ghost, one God, world without end. Amen.
Here's one of my favorite choral groups - the Ray Charles Singers. Lately I just haven't been able to get enough of the different choral groups - there just isn't enough time in the day to listen to all the records I want to hear! Besides the fact that this record is by the Ray Charles Singers, I bought it for the cover art, and because it's by Command Records. I don't have too many of the Command Records, but I find that I'm starting to look out for these more and more. One thing I did find puzzling about this particular record is that both the cover and the label say "Stereo", but when I recorded it I didn't see that there were two different tracks. And in some of the songs, the men's voices sound kind of "distant". I'm wondering if maybe the record could have been mislabeled. Odd. Anyway, I still enjoyed this album, especially "Quiet Nights", which is one of my all-time favorite songs. And any album that has "Dominique" on it is fine by me!
In the cup, they were off-shoot by the Llamados and the Talk ‘n Text who competed in seven games for the championship. How I wish it was the Kings who competed in the championship. But honestly, the championship in the said cup is one of the best games I had ever watched. I also felt the same heart beat whenever I am watching the Kings on the hard court.
6 Lonesome Day
Here are just a few (the link above will show you even more):
Echevarria Travel
Written especially for Egoyan, Simple of Lines of Enquiry has captured the imagination of music lovers around the world. Now the celebrated pianist brings this mesmerizing and meditative piece to the intimate Heritage Hall for its Vancouver premiere.
3 days after, Carly and Freddie find out that Sam has placed herself on Troubled Waters Mental Institution because she thinks she’s crazy for liking Freddie. In the end of the episode, Freddie kisses Sam passionately.
Or just mine?
First off, let me start off by saying thank goodness it is finally Wednesday!! I am ready for tomorrow to get here. It's the misters birfday and we are celebrating with a little steak, chicken and cake...oh food how I love thee!!
8) Last House on the Left
After the material world information I add the social media, but only if it’s for the photography business. I do not like to contact photographers via their personal accounts unless they’ve specifically redirected me there, otherwise I feel like it’s an invasion of privacy to some extent. Social media outlets like facebook, twitter, LinkedIn, Google+, newsletters, blogs, vimeo and flickr are all great places for social media connections where people expect you to contact them if they have a page there. If you have to dig too hard to find it or if it’s not already listed on their website, they don’t really want you connecting there.
As in EVERY second, of EVERY minute, of EVERY DAY of your life.
One of my story toons, Amaeris is part of the Wolfsbane family. So generally, my goal is just to get her to Level 20. I am also enjoying using her to put together outfits. She currently still has her Mastiff, Junkyard, so as we all know, she is in need of a new pet…
At the same time, wine consumption in the UK rose by 8%, and the average ABV of wine rose from 12% ABV to 13.5%.
It's just . . . unfair. I cannot conceive of another word. The whole thing is unfathomable.
Peoples Organic might be new in town, but it’s no stranger to gluten-free foods. Owner Lynn Gordon previously founded French Meadow Bakery, a certified-organic bakery known for its line of gluten-free breads (in addition to vegan, yeast-free and kosher breads). At this Galleria café, any of the sandwiches, along with the wraps, can be served on gluten-free bread or in a gluten-free tortilla upon request. The Rachel ($9.95) is made with natural, oven-roasted turkey, Swiss cheese and sauerkraut, with Thousand Island dressing.
Hello Girls,
The film stars Sean Rogerson, your good self, Ashleigh Gryzko, Mackenzie Gray and Merwin Mondesir – with The Vicious Brothers onboard as directors – what was it like working with the cast and crew on-set? Any good anecdotes?
I personally think that learned men such as Maggs and Hromnik have deliberately avoided the issue of Black Slavery in their theories, not only because of the worldwide negative stigma attached to the term, but also because of the ruthless persecution-tactics of the Marxist-inspired South African government, and their craving for land. I believe there is already sufficient evidence to show that the various stone structures are a combination of cattle kraals, human dwellings, food storage facilities, sacred (Hindu) temples, and lastly --- prison holding-cells for hordes of gold-digging slaves, who were forced by their masters to stay in the region against their will!
The format of the book is largely lists, bullet points, and short paragraphs. It’s laid out in such a way that it’s very easy to navigate and titles are relatively short too. Roberts has a lot of statistics and numbers in this book, which make it a lot easier to sift through for someone without much time and the numbers are all very consistent. What I look for whenever I see someone throwing around statistics is consistency. A lot of authors will use statistics in one place but not the other all for the sake of dramatizing a point they’re making. 1.2% doesn’t sound like much, but if that translates to 32,000,000 a lot of authors will prefer to use the big number for the shock value. Roberts though keeps everything consistent. If he cited a percentage two sentences ago, he will cite a percentage later in the paragraph. I don’t see a lot of games in his writing, which makes his claims come across as being more meaningful. Upon doing research of my own, I did find several different findings for any one thing he cited (for example, percentage of clicks by page rank). The findings all fall within a very tight range (a 5-10% difference between all findings), of which Roberts tends to cite more conservative figures. Meaning, he tends to cite statistics on the lower end of the range. That isn’t a bad thing and might even be beneficial to a business professional who is looking to maximize the results of their marketing efforts.
T: Yes.
Young job seekers often complain about a catch-22. Employers want to see work experience on the resume, but how can they get it when no one will hire them?
cinnamon - optional
I had language class in the morning. I’m starting to understand really basic things like how to say numbers, dates, and basic info about people. I can say “hey, my name is Nic” “chào, tôi tên là Nic.”
B- If an actor is “attacked” with that state, it will have an 80% chance of being effective.
After that parable are teachings about not serving money and divorce. Much (and I mean much) can be said regarding these things, especially divorce, but in this context I simply want to say that God’s people were to be faithful. Faithful in their business and financial dealings. Faithful to God. Faithful in marriage.
She has so much coming up, (confirmation, orchestra trips, youth group, piano recital,) - all she really wants is for it all to be over and done with. I know that she is very much looking forward to some 'R&R' over summer break. (Me, too!)
Before class cut crepe paper into 2 feet lengths. Divide your students into teams and give them each a straw and a piece of crepe paper. Have them use the straw to blow the crepe paper across the room and back. If you don’t want them to get on the floor, have them blow the crepe across a table.
Prius: iPhone. (She had a shattered one, but the Faux Hottie gave her his old one.)
A tremendous outpouring of community compassion and support followed, including 1,500 children’s books donated at his funeral for Cincinnati Children’s. A book drive on last year’s Day of Caring in Richmond, held on what would have been Tressel’s first birthday, generated 2,000 books for all Wayne County K through second graders.
“Hold back those who are being taken away to death, rescue those who are stumbling to the slaughter; if you say, “we did not know this” does not he who weighs the heart perceive it? And will he not repay all according to their deeds.
Many paths lead to the bottom of the hill – an infinite number, speaking mathematically, but for our purposes, we’ll say it’s 3 or 4 – and at the bottom of each path lies one of the many traditions, values, and institutions that we have left behind in the name of progress. Among these are the traditional religion and spirituality of our parents and grandparents, the rural and agrarian structure of society, and the tight-knit community, home, and family of our ancestors.
Rather than let fear rule how she reacted to Georgia’s diagnosis, she instead chose to circle the wagons and fight like hell. Here are just a FEW examples of the efforts she led to kick cancer’s ass:
It isn’t as conscious as that, but I’m yeah there’s some influence drawn from that tradition, simply because we’ve come from a background of listening to a lot of those bands.
I’m not sure what made me think of it just now, but I may as well write it down.
stash of anything valuable, so whatever crap you find lying around my
NEVER, NEVER, NEVER, NEVER give up. (Winston Churchill)
then you met someone
I approach my yoga classes with strong intention: To take a full hour to quiet my mind and strengthen my body and soul. I walk in, turn off my phone and step onto the mat knowing I will focus only on my own well being for the duration of the class. I always leave a class feeling refreshed and calm which is the state I wish I could enjoy more often than I do these days. Much like life in general, I have a deep respect for yoga even though I am still a beginning student even after over a decade of attending classes. Even though I have a strong desire to dive deeper and study the roots of yoga, I seem to stay at the surface of the practice and enjoy the shallow benefits that I can feel within a one hour class.
But despite all that.....
Bidding on Ebay takes patience. A lot of patience. When I started bidding, I either didn't go high enough, or I watched in amazement as prices skyrocketed. Then I saw something odd. Naked dolls didn't fare too poorly at auction, and complete ones were pricey. But the dolls that had part of their kit seemed to sell for less. I watched some more and bid on a Samantha that had her "meet" dress, but the wrong shoes and no tights. Her hair was a mess, but she had a hardback book. So I went looking elsewhere on Ebay and found shoes and tights. All in all, I spent less than $70, plus some time. While this is not a tremendous savings off the the $110 retail cost, it is a huge savings off of the cost of a "mint" condition Samantha. I probably also would have saved money if I had been shopping in the summer instead of October, which is coming up on Christmas. I also would have saved money if I had been content with a doll that is still being produced. In addition, if I were willing to restring the doll (and good instructions are out there) the cost would be even lower.
Darley didn't get my online app, it's missing in the ether, so did another one...
It was FINALLY time! We have been in school for 166 days ,and my students were ready for a field trip. All six classes of 3rd graders at our school were off to the Gateway Memorial Arch in St. Louis. This culminated our study of Westward Migration. Take a peek at some of our adventures........
In the 2006 business year, which ran from 7/1/06 to 6/30/07, DDDB raised significantly more money, likely because it recruited a high-profile advisory board announced 5/8/06 and because Atlantic Yards received significant public attention, given the enviromental review process, official approval of the project, and first round of lawsuits.
100 percent of the proceeds will go to the March of Dimes to assist them in their continued service to babies who are born too early and to their families. For more information of how you can help support the March of Dimes or join the March for Babies go here.
2 1/2 lb. Maris Otter Pale Malt
This resource was published by Zine World, with information compiled from Matt Holdaway’s A Student Guide to Zines
Officers said Barbara Joly of Middletown was arrested a short time later and they say she fit the description of the woman who robbed the bank.
My bud. Baby. Lovebug. Snuggle bunny. Pumpkin pie. Looove my sweet baby boy. He will always be my baby boy. Even when he's 50 :) He was chatting and singing while I shot these, hence the constant state of open-ness that his mouth is exhibiting.
Here are your final two sketches :) Over the past 2 years we have has some of the best card Designers on our Design team and we are so excited to share with you today a few of the 'Best of the Best' in the industry and their interpretations of our sketches! Enjoy...
- Does the online poker website have a strong player base?
with an International Coordinating Committee and
Burn Notice returns for its fourth season Thursdays at 9/8c on USA Network (here’s our Recap & Review!). The #1 scripted series on cable stars Jeffrey Donovan, Gabrielle Anwar, Bruce Campbell, and Sharon Gless. The action-packed season four commences with a new counterintelligence expert, Jesse Garcia, played by Coby Bell (Third Watch), who loves to fight bad guys just as much as Michael does.
It should be obvious that, given the above records, frigatebirds also can be seen away from the ocean in Texas. However, even though it is not considered all that unusual to see frigatebirds along the Texas coast or in pelagic regions (Mlodinow characterizes them as uncommon, but not rare, summer visitors), records of the birds more than fifty miles from the coast “are exceedingly scarce.” All these records occurred in the fall and “were related to hurricane or tropical storm activity.”
“The greatest error in current thinking and models about maintaining stability,” Guo says, “is to put the interests of people and social stability on opposite sides.”
1 Cup Green Beans – Cut into Preferred Size
DELROY LINDO (Clockers, Get Shorty)
(103) Consider the following: (1) Hebrew verbs express not the time of an action but rather whether the specified action is complete or incomplete. Tenses can usually be fairly easily assigned to such verbs, although less easily in prophetic writings, where there are rapid shifts back and forth among past, present, and future. But in assigning tenses, translators will often choose to leave unexpressed the completeness/incompleteness element because English has only awkward ways to handle that. (2) Hebrew displays much less subordination of one clause to another than does English, and in general it lacks our great variety of words that indicate logical connections between clauses and phrases. In Hebrew narrative, sentence units tend to be strung out one after another in boxcar fashion and to be hooked together by means of a single, all-purpose connective that is usually translated “and” in the KJV. . . . Then would represent the Hebrew connective not merely with “and” but with “when,” “but,” “however,” and so on (depending on context) or at times would simply omit it. (3) Greek verbs indicate time of action more definitely than Hebrew verbs do, but they also indicate nature of action (whether linear, recurring, or completed). Greek verbs are thus very complete in meaning, and translators who attempt to capture all of the potential meaning will risk overloading their English and producing a translation so clumsy as to be unreadable.
lychee & grape. Ryan is dying to try them but I'm making him wait for lunch!
It’s a beautiful day and I wish I could spend it with you.
During the hard snows and frosts of winter – that in northern Scotland and pockets of Europe lasted until spring equinox – Britain went through a series of threats from companies in conflict with employment unions – with aviation and transportation strikes imminent – until intervention by a well-meaning Icelandic volcano moved the goalposts.
We had a mad dash to the Random House party on the Sunday night with time only for one (the first of many) glass of prosecco. Then to dinner at old favourite Trattoria del Rosso and a satisfying chat about the novel that Lucy's agent would be selling at the Fair.
This information has provided rather useful during emergency response events. The interface with Google Earth is quite nice. I was able to search for a latitude/longitude to see if the Texas Civil Air Patrol had taken aerial photos of a couple of areas we were concerned about.
Sports drink / Gatorade
Next time we should be able to push through most of the remaining starter zone, which ends with a mount as a quest reward, and perhaps even form a guild. Then we will have to start figuring out where to go as a group.
PS.You will have to enlarge the clip to read it.
& laps kitten knead sappy sediments
“This may sound strange, but could you maybe mime a cello?”
Can ever encircle it
After having to watch my Vancouver Canucks get kicked out of the Playoffs by the LA Kings on Sunday, it was quite an unexpected pleasure to witness Boston lose in OT to the Washington Capitals.
As for the diet: we are still sticking to it. We cheated yesterday, Valentine’s Day, for beans and flour tortillas on our tacos. It was delicious though. Also to clear some confusion, we do eat potatoes, mostly sweet potatoes, but we try to limit them to once a week. Corn and beans are a big no-no though. I still really miss coke and bread, but whatever. I did make eggplant parmesan today, an it was quite delicious (although we found out after consumption that the sauce has sugar in it, boo). Instead of flour, I used almond ‘flour,’ which is just ground up almonds.
He had seen his dream of eventually creating an American Revolution-style federation between all the newly independent republics, with a government ideally set-up solely to recognize and uphold individual rights, succumb to the pressures of particular interests throughout the region, which rejected that model and allegedly had little or no allegiance to classical liberal principles.
There could be no grosser misconception of the realities than is entertained by those who vociferously demand legislation as they call it "against discrimination". The discrimination and the deprivation, the sense of alarm and of resentment, lies not with the immigrant population but with those among whom they have come and are still coming.
“Oh, there’s loads of nudity,” she declared breezily. “But the sex is all pretend, it’s not hard-core.”
As it happens, I was on the train when I finished the book. It was a beautiful ending to a beautiful book. I didn't care that the train was crowded, and I was sitting in a seat directly facing strangers. I smiled to myself, closed the book slowly, and then reopened it to the first page, where my mother had written her name 18 years earlier. I ran my index finger across her name and sighed.
Out of the blue she tells me she wants to shoot a turkey. Now, she’s been shooting with me before on a few occasions and has genuinely enjoyed herself. (She’s not a bad shot either!) But she had never expressed any interest in hunting…actually killing something. And I’d never asked her to go.
Jacques Dutronc Il est cinq heures Paris s’éveille F
Delegations will follow the same process as for Board meetings, with the deadline to register as a delegate being noon on Tuesday, June 7, 2011. Delegation requests should be sent via email to Gail Gortmaker, Manager, Director’s Office, at gortmakerg@hdsb.ca. Depending on the number of delegations registered for June 14, the Board reserves the right to move the delegations to Wednesday, June 15 as part of the Board meeting agenda.
Director Dibakar Banerjee’s new creation ‘Shanghai’ is going to hit the theaters soon. ‘Shanghai’ is a Political thriller movie having Abhay Deol, Emraan Hashmi and Kalki Koechlin in central roles. The film is slated to release on June 8, 2012.
you should see some of the amazing inspiration my teamies
See you all again next Friday. Have a fabulous weekend!
both were vague and nebulas. Today was a
The InnerBouquet mission is to spread the word about & celebrate LGBT ARTS, CULTURE & ATHLETICISM from past to the present. The site features bios, reviews, critiques, interviews, photos, news, videos, songs, poems, etc. – all related to the contributions of LGBT icons world-wide. On a personal level, the InnerBouquet founder and creative director, David-Paul, in his “FlashBack Diary” reveals poignant moments from his gay journal.
I hope that you catch me, ’cause I’m already falling
The Straight Story (Neal Edelstein, Mary Sweeney and Alain Sarde, producers)
It's the small details that make up the whole.
And starting today, the VIDA Women in Literary Arts website is publishing, a day at a time, a tribute essay written by a female American poet. Appropriately titled "21 Love Poems to Adrienne Rich," the feature will run through April 30. Today's essay is by Adrienne Su and is titled "What's in a Name." I can hardly wait to read all of them!
It’s good to count our blessings; all those good things in our lives — both big and small. Bob Gass listed some in a recent Word for Today.
As you'll see in part 2, we changed our lighting, flooring, cabinets (not just the doors), layout, countertops and appliances. It was pretty much an overhaul.
Once I got to the shop, I only took a photo of one of them. I will get the others while they are hanging. This one is called Color, Color and More Color. I still need to write the pattern for it. Remember that the center of the quilt is a panel, not pieced. Just the borders are pieced. I used orange Cuddle on the back and it turned out very cute and warm.
6. Turn, then cook for about 5 minutes more, basting with the remaining marinade, until the centers are tender when poked.
Sorry, though… Fellowship of the Ring and The Two Towers are both JUST as amazingly crafted as their Oscar-Winning brother, The Return of the King. Some would argue that they’re more tightly edited, since everyone seems to point out the silly multiple endings of ROTK. If you stated that Two Towers was the actual best of the 3 movies, I’d have a tough time disagreeing.
My goal for April was to end up under $9,000. I made it by $175 (cue: wild cheers and applause again). My goal for May is to end up under $7,800. That means a minimum loan payment of $1,025. Hopefully my new work priorities will start paying off (literally) and I’ll see a rise in my monthly income. Perhaps I’ll even get to Harry Potter World this year****.
Wowza's! I can't believe how my little blog has been neglected over the last month. I've come to realize that I'm an all or nothing kinda girl and lately it's been nothing. That changes today my friends:) I'm participating in some of My Pink Stamper's challenges for the day so I should have a few posts to grace my blog with. I started quite late so I probably won't get around to all of them but here are a few...
The human being, even in the midst of people, spends nine-tenths of his time alone with the private voices of his own head. Living alone on a mountain is not much different, except that your speaking voice gets rusty.
Independence Day is a time to resolve within yourself that you are ready to fight the negative thought processes that have kept you in progressive states of bondage. To be totally Independent in your thinking. To be FREE!
For obvious anatomical reasons, few people can perform anilingus and engage in libel at the same time. That is quite an achievement.
The sun’s been out, the trees are budding, and I’ve been trekking around in sandals.
In Mary’s room, the closet door has been caught on tape moving on its own, as if it were violently kicked from within. EMF detectors left on the bed will suddenly begin to spike, things will move, and occasionally a sulfuric smell will engulf the room just before all activity ceases. Numerous EVPs have been caught all through the house and shadows have appeared throughout the museum as well.
Before it get more serious I need help / tips to keep me away from the malls & unnecessary no pun intended retails.
But what is the US view of the world as it is? Clinton gave a clue to the US’s understanding of the global pecking order, and South Africa’s policy makers should have no illusions about where South Africa fits in.
Before he defeated John McCain, Barak Obama surpassed the Apple iPhone. The Association of National Advertisers awarded the now-president-elect its "Marketer of The Year" award. The subsequent election victory should thus be seen as the gold ribbon certifying what the ANA already recognized. The success of Sen. Obama's campaign of slogans and "soaring rhetoric" made an impression on a small country which watched the U.S. election with understandable interest.
Living for the weekends,
This will be my first time participating in the WWWP5k and I haven’t decided what course I will do (or how I will record it) yet, but I am excited about it!
Stamps, and sentiments: all from Pink Petticoat digi kit "Old Fashioned Girl";
He walked with His creation.
Just a quick post this one, because this wasn’t really a planned walk, just an afternoon wander at the seaside that led me to a really interesting site, ideal for those (like me) fascinated by dereliction.
I just bought these, so I wanted to test them out. I checked out the instructions that came with them, did the little pinch, and I looked back at the chart and holy shit, 26% body fat! I didn’t realize how fat of a fuck I was. I checked a couple more times, but the number never changed. I then realized that I was reading the chart for women and all was well with the world once more. According to the men’s scale, I’m at 16%, so there’s definitely still work to be done.
Can you name that tune? Can ya Sheena? Don’t tell me I sang off key, I will have a shit-fit. Lollers. So I was witnessing this conversation about making friends with anger, and anger is my bff, so I know a lot about it so of course instantly thought of PIL’s “Rise” you know “Anger Is An Energy! We will all Rise Anew! Yay Mr. Rotten! He inspires me ‘n shit.
16. My daughter's First Birthday is on Monday, March 19! *tear*
Information:
Couldn't be much easier than that!
Someone you thought was amazing, and someone that you believed also thought you were amazing, has left you. How could they have done this to you? Didn't they know how much you loved them? When you made it clear to them that you'd do anything for them so that you could be together, didn't they take that seriously? It just doesn't seem possible that they'd have chosen someone else over you. It certainly doesn't seem possible that they'd sought out someone else to replace you.
Another tradition is to remove a berry every time you kiss someone under the mistletoe. When there are no more berries, there are no more kisses for you, buster. I'm sure there's also some lore connected with the kiss corresponding to the final berry will be the kiss you share with your future wife.
As I got the understanding of her rainbow ladder sticking straight up from the middle of the golden dome of energy, I had to take a look at her. As I said, she was standing at the very top of the ladder… with a feeling of… waiting. There really wasn’t anywhere else to go. I could see nothing above her or around her that would indicate “go here, go there,” but a detail was added to her imagery. She had a little sparrow in her hand. Altho the rungs of her ladder were in directly alignment with the east and west direction, I watched as she was facing the north… her right side and was getting ready to set this bird free for flight. I had to look up sparrow and then just smiled as I looked at the first few sentences: Sparrow aids in opening the eyes to our self-worth and instills dignity and empowerment. He teaches the importance of voice and communication and the timing of exertion and retreat. It is time to sing your song in all that you do.
Teachers would have a greater chance at observing and identifying abuse if they had the same awareness and prevention information. In fact the entire school should be required to have the same information. Therefore, I believe that all degree and certificate programs should require a teacher to be certified in a course albeit continuing education or part of obtaining their degree to include child sexual abuse education.
Anyway, in one way or another, the idea that authors getting friends and family to review/rate their books on Amazon and Goodreads is wrong crops up a few times. Of course it is, I'm not disputing that whatsoever, but it got me thinking about a few things that are only slightly related, and I wanted to ask what people's views on them were. And so here we have a discussion!
The three of us are very different in appearance; we could be the three leads for a television series that cast its characters with political correctness in mind, LOL. Greg is white with short reddish brown hair and dresses tastefully Goth. He has been a solitary practitioner of Vodou and Hoodoo for a number of years (not sure exactly how long). Robert is black with dreadlocks and dressed casually for the occasion. He is Pagan and somewhat new to Vodou. I am Asian/Inuit with medium length wavy hair and dressed semi-casually, formerly Wiccan and have only been studying Vodou seriously for about a year.
Here is the Nation News report on Thursday’s public meeting about the Chancery Lane / Long Beach project. Generally not a bad piece of reporting by the Nation. You should read the article on their website, but we’ll publish the whole thing here because The Nation has been known in the past to kill stories and change the historical record for political reasons…
So, we bought a couple of antennas from Big Lots for $17 each. And I ordered an additional Roku for our bedroom for $50. So, we spent $84 to get it all set up.
Measures approximately 13-1/2"L x 9-3/4"W x 12-1/2"H
In the meantime, seeing our son so interested in everything his dad does and proudly learning various tasks makes my heart hurt. In a world where technology has trumped nearly everything, I find myself crossing my fingers that he stays interested in using his hands to create, manipulate and produce things. Using those same hands to bang out on a keyboard is fine, too. I’m not anti-tech (unless the internet is being putzy, which it was this morning as I tried to finish up this post, then yes, I was fully anti-tech!) but my hope for him is that he winds up wanting to build “stuff” instead of building websites.
When I came home from the very first session, my husband told me that I'd had flowers delivered by hand while I was away.
Rank: Heroic
Beat the butter, brown sugar, and granulated sugar in a bowl with a mixer on medium speed until light and fluffy, about 5 minutes. Beat in the eggs, then beat in the vanilla. Add the flour, salt and baking soda; beat until combined. Stir in the chocolate chips. Cover and refrigerate at least 1 hour.
We are presented with what is literally a desert island, and as if the narrator has fundamentally misunderstood the science of marketing, to his mind the glamour and enchantment of his product lies in its desolation. The isles are inevitably mis-sold to us – we are promised that only “reptile life” is to be found on the Encantadas, and that “no voice, no low, no howl is heard; the chief sound of life here is a hiss.” It will eventually transpire, however, that there are plenty of men and beasts upon the isles, leaving us to wonder at this Aesopian fable against commodity fetishism, in which a talented salesman has been enchanted to promote death and despair as attractive products. With the quick wit and beady eye of a smooth-talking travel agent, the narrator regales us with some of his islands’ enchantments:
All in all these options fostered roleplaying, which is nice. While playing my Bounty Hunter, for example, I could make decisions based on how I feel my character would operate in the game world — I chose to have him be the sort who does not deviate from his employer’s instructions, and any time an NPC presented an alternative offer I either refused it. I could have also played my character as the opportunist, who was only interested in credits and would backstab his employer if it earned him more cash. Plus, there were times when I could refuse or accept offers in a cruel or kind manner, allowing me to further personalize my character: he ended up adhering to his contracts’ stipulations, and would kill if the bounty called for it, but otherwise would not be excessively ruthless. A “capture or kill” would have him lean heavily toward “capture.”
We were able to pull the man of the hour aside for a few moments and talk about the beginnings of his success, some of his proudest moments, as well as his influences and inspirations.
Tuesday: Who knows. That was a long time ago!
Oh. And you’re welcome.
私が特に気に入ったのはこの彫刻とジャーク・タティのシルエットとアクリル塗料で描いたこの不思議な顔の絵とこの鶏の面白い肖像でした。 Among many works, I was particularly drawn towards these sculptures, Jaques Tati’s silhouette, this mysterious looking face painted in acrylic, and those delightful chicken’s portraits.
In a bowl, combine the chicken mince, onion, breadcrumbs, egg, coriander and spices. Get handfuls of the mixture (roughly 1/4 cup worth) and shape into slightly flattened sausage shapes. Insert skewer. Make all koftas. Place koftas on tray; cover and refridgerate for 10 minutes. After 10 minutes, cook koftas in a pan until cooked through, say 15 minutes. Serve with walnut sauce, crispy potatoes and salad.
Zoe, with an allusion to Bergson and his notions of concrete and abstract time, tries to render the forces within our social terrain visible and remove the confusion that Bergson would constantly refer to in his ideas on time, matter, and memory. Strauss wants the viewers of these pieces to be realized and to know that they are existent because they truly are. The viewers experiences juxtaposed with those in the photographs renders this distinction more real. For the viewer, they become a part of this coming into existence as they travel through the spatial enunciation of this identity recorded in a visually material literature. A material language that is read through their active participation in the construction of these spaces meaning and recording in history. To turn this image on its head and give voice to those who in society were told that their voice could only be validated through certain schema or blocks in the social terrain of human experience.
Ha E, Cho SI, Chen D, Chen C, Ryan L, Smith JJ, Xu X, Christiani D. Parental exposure to organic solvents and reduced birth weight. Arch Environ Health 2002; 57: 207-214.
The article recommended taking a shower as soon as I get home from work and washing my clothes. That might help, although I don’t think I’m really picking up a lot of pollen on my hair and clothes during the day. Something to think about once I am spending time watching softball.
1 cup confectioners sugar
states – the leading
and is divided into sections which are broken down into ‘rules’.
I loved and still do but it was nothing
Musk (Oil) – Dried secretion painfully obtained from musk deer, beaver, muskrat, civet cat, and otter genitals. Wild cats are kept captive in cages in horrible conditions and are whipped around the genitals to produce the scent; beavers are trapped; deer are shot. In perfumes and in food flavorings. Alternatives: labdanum oil (which comes from various rockrose shrubs) and other plants with a musky scent. Labdanum oil has no known
“We’re doing those things to allow DailyFeats to live wherever people are experiencing life day to day,” Gidwaney adds.
So why did you elect a Conservative majority last night?
Someone’s husband is doing all of these things and more. Is it yours?
Okay, so, I’m going to start my new blog series on ‘Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban’ today, and thanks to everybody who voted in the poll. Since it’s a fairly short book with a lot of small chapters, I’ll try to cover 2-3 chapters a week, and maybe finish in eight installments or so.
Thank goodness for free Wi-Fi sites. I’m sure you find them convenient and sometimes even necessary. I’m happy to be able to duck into a library or nice coffee shop that displays a free Wi-Fi sign in the window and get some work done while between appointments. It’s all good, but like with so many good things, there can be a downside to free hotspots. Perils may lurk in the in the Wi-Fi shadows and we are advised to think a minute before we click and connect.
Sam and Abby pushed their way through the crowd, acknowledging good wishes on all sides. A judge slipped a medal just like Abby's around Sam's neck, and the weight of it felt wonderful - the weight of success. Sam's teammates hugged her so tightly that even the three bands she'd wrapped around her dark curls weren't enough to keep them under control. They popped out all around her face in a messy halo.
The movie stars Lloyd Nolan, in his second of seven appearances as Michael Shayne, so it's pretty obvious that he - a private detective - is the hero of the piece. The twisted thing about this is that in the book, the private detective, appropriately named Izzard, is the only true villain. While the other eleven main characters are motivated by some small sense of honor, Izzard is ready and willing to become (if he isn't already) a cold blooded killer. Of an innocent woman, no less.
You will be emailed with up coming giveaways and exciting new inspirational projects.
"why don't we go swimming at Kimbo's farm (see posts below), go to the brew pub, (see posts below) and simply visit the showroom?"
1 resignation
OK well let's get it started. Here is a layout that I completed a while back. This was one of my daughter's senior pictures that I took in 2009. Don't laugh, but it was taken at the Wyoming Territorial Prison. We were on vacation out west, which is where I took her senior pictures. I loved this picture of her looking into the mirror.
* Moroccan
The candle sits in the dining room. Saturday mornings, instead of running, I dust, sweep, vacuum, and mop before taking my mother to breakfast. I've not lit the candle in months--but it will be lit after school is out. I'm going to get the last bastion of clutter: the desk and file
Here is the line up from the 18 song soundtrack:
I found myself, at times, alongside people who had stopped to have a proper chat, but these weren't always that fruitful. It's not easy to pick a particular phrase when you have the full conversation, and being given context and background makes those phrase less inspiring. The best ones were snippets overheard from people walking past, mid-conversation: "People come and talk to me.", "I'll ring that lot and tell them we'll just leave it.", "And then it goes all criss-cross which is why I like it."
Does he mean the 200,000 hectares of primal forest which he and his nominees destroyed or sold off for private profit? Does he mean the raped land, much, if not all, of which is legally NCR owned but has been converted into oil palm plantations?
The church directory was printed a year before my husband and I arrived at our new church. God scheduled my moment with Cheryl through a misprint. He knew Cheryl’s need a year before she did! He knew, even in my loneliness, that He could use me.
So, I am officially a Mother.
Whether that is sending Albums up too Armidale or in this case, being a Dad and pushing my son’s band.
Well done Fremantle Ports. If you had designed the proposed ING development it might have been as stunning at this little masterpiece.
The zing. Did I call it or did I call it?
It is nice to see it is not raining with a hint of blue sky. Went out to feed & Remington's blanket still looked to be in good shape. Took a look at the round pen and sighed. MUD & PUDDLES! Makes me so unhappy. At least it is only a few inches deep so far. I am excited to be getting a load of chips this weekend to dump in the round pen. Hopefully that will slow down the mud issue long enough for Spring to finally get here. That just means Orion and I are going have lots of work to do. I'm sure Zane will want to help. I will have to find him a small shovel or gardening trowel. It may just be too muddy to back the trailer into the round pen. Knock on wood I don't get stuck. Ha Ha.
But is Greenhut any different, really, from Kotkin? Greenhut says:
I'm not sure we needed to hear this. It only made me more nervous. But I recognized that this was Joe, here, revealing to himself the incredible position he'd been invited into. He only wanted to impart what an important project this was. As it was Steve's assignment, I felt I was somewhat out of the loop. I was, and still am not, a filmmaker, and was primarily just a fan. I had to remind myself, in that moment, how lucky I was. My mind was being blown, in other words.
First, here's the version most are familiar with.
3.) I've put in a request for a special fashion post, but have yet to receive the response -- maybe no news is my answer, i.e. "'No. Thank you anyway." If that's the case I'll think of something.
Oh now you all know that I am from Texas and we LOVE our cowboys and cowgirls, so I was super excited to see this adorable image coming out May 9th from Lili of the Valley! It is called "YeeHaw"! and is so very stinkin cute!!!
In a separate pan, heat the rest of the oil and temper it with mustard seeds, curry leaves and urad dal. Add that to the thokku and take it off the heat. Stir well.
http://whywontgodhealamputees.com/forums/index.php?topic=15470.0 A fascinating discussion about Yahweh’s alleged family, which includes some familiar names from the Bible.
9.My Mum used to take my brother and I to look around art Galleries a lot as children but I didn't really get inspired till we went to an exhibition of amazing patchwork quilts when I was about 13.
Kimmy – 10
“It appears that many misconstrue ‘frugality’ with ‘miserly’ which means to compromise, be stingy and parsimonious, connoting unhappiness in saving money. To be frugal, by simple definition, is to not be wasteful,” she explains. “By living thrift, we are not depraved.”
According to this passage, we are to examine ourselves, and investigate our walk with utmost care. I pray for wisdom and discernment as much as possible. To be wise is to walk watchfully, looking at and carefully examining everything with which we come in contact. As far as discernment goes, it is also something that we must diligently pray for and practice. As we walk circumspectly to investigate and examine everything we are being discerning. When we walk this way, we will know what the will of the Lord is and obey it. We will be pilots who know the way. We will know where we are going and why. We will know what we believe and why we believe it. On the other hand, those who do not walk circumspectly are like the pilot who does not know what port he is heading for. To him, no wind is the right wind. Isn’t that what the post-modern mindset says that there are no absolutes? We must walk circumspectly irregardless of what the world thinks or does.
* “Run for the Roses”- Roses, petals all over your body* ”Born to Run”…wear baby bonnets, diapers… I really like this one..lol
When the CESI is positive it means that the released data have been better than the expectations. In other words, economists have not ratcheted up their optimism enough to match the data coming in. When CESI is negative, it means that actual results have been worse than expectations.
This being physical is tough. Every time I have one good day I usually
His best-of lists are a great guide to the most wonderful music, in the powerpop vein.
5) When it is hot, add the bottom part of the spring onion. If you don't have the spring onion, you can use the normal onion. I used both here.
Dad: Love you too. Bye sweetie. Write us!
Hello to everyone.
Yield: 2 cups
made a beeline for the pile of eggs.
The North and South Poles are both breaking up. The level of the water in the oceans is going to rise. But at the same time land in the ocean, especially near Cuba, is also going to rise.
I'm writing this in my local Panera, which is one of the few places where I can power my computer just now. Here in Massachusetts, we are still suffering through the after-effects of the massive Snowtober storm, and after four days I still don't have power at home. And it has been COLD. And my friends are in the same boat, so no shelter there.
and added black trim beads around the lamp shade rim.
Have you noticed how I only seem to blog when somebody is ill or something else sucky is going on? Me too. Sorry about that. Hee...
I made the gingham ribbon loops by cutting a 6" length of ribbon and folding then and adhering each fold with a sticky dot. I love ribbon loops, they just add a sweet feminine touch. It was a female fox, I'm betting she was out hunting to feed her kits. Then the branches are felt which I brushed with a little bronze ink and the flowers are some layered Primas.﻿ Finally I added a small journal tag and that's all there is to it!
This isn't a service I would use every week right now, but when I start working full time again next April this will be super handy since it's on my way home from work. Definitely a good experience so if you're in the French countryside and don't have the luxury of time or just don't like grocery shopping, I definitely recommend it!
Unfortunately, a real problem arises in a democracy, because many people, perhaps most, will want to move in the most positive sounding direction regardless of how it flies in the face of the reasonable facts. If these ill informed, hope driven people are the majority then the whole community will be guided by irrational hope and their collective actions will be no better than a riotous mob’s. What is a fair minded person to do when they find themselves being driven into a chaos of obvious disaster? What are we to do when nearly all of our present population of seven billion people are eagerly heading into the inevitable over-population boom and its equally inevitable population bust? I don’t know! The only reasonable thing is to prepare for the after effects of the coming disaster and prepare for a resurgence of humanity. When obvious things have passed over it may be possible to rebuild humanity on a more permanent foundation of a World Constitution with as its goal the long term survival of the human species rather than the short term maximization of personal gain. Give the people of the future the tools they need to form an equitable sustainable society. That would include a World Constitution and the seeds to replant the world.
This past weekend the Texas State meet certainly didn't disappoint. Lutz ran away from the field, and a very good field at that, for a 14:45 to 15:08 win over Mark Pinales (Round Rock Stony Point). Parker Stinson won the bronze with a time of 15:11. The Woodlands boys picked up right where they left off when Dan Green retired and handed the program to son Juris, they won. The Woodlands outdistanced Region II foes Klein Oak and Cedar Park for the win. The interesting story was 4a winner Boerne Champion who easily won 4a (30-120 over El Paso Jefferson) and would have beaten The Woodlands based on an integrated race. This showdown looms big as Nike South approaches.
As she says, she couldn’t possibly cover all the bases — who could possibly keep up? — so she singles out some of the more egregious examples, working backwards from 2011 to 2005:
Not to mention that Nintendo’s focus is, first and foremost, creating quality games. They likely wouldn’t take part in anti-used schemes. If the Wii U ends up being a threat to the PS4 and the 720, they’d be killing themselves by blocking used games without overcompensating in another area for it. And even if it’s not, you have a game of chicken here. If either Sony or Microsoft decides against it, whichever side that actually implements such a system loses immediately. And because of that, I doubt either of them will do it. Microsoft, if either of them.
I felt in love but really started to dig into it only when my little prince, Pedro (4 yo) was 1 yo.
Moisturiser
Many of the medicinal mushrooms, including Chaga mushroom, Maitake mushroom, Ganoderma mushroom, and Cordyceps mushroom, contain cancer-preventive and cancer-fighting actions. Research has focused on the polysaccharides with beta 1,3 glucan linkages.
Discarding peace over all the sea and land.
The 31-year-old was stunned when he returned from a weekend away to find his once legally parked motor marked out for attention on Hyde Terrace in Woodhouse.
According to the documents, the contract was split in two – R1.8m for construction and R300 000 to SGL as consulting engineers.
"The creepy thing about it was that the guy looked like he was walking down the street to go to the supermarket," Hayes said. "He was very nonchalant.
I have clearly been neglecting the blogosphere as the last four months have gone by in a blur of activity which I’ll try to sum up in a short and succinct manner.
Several hours later, a doctor, hospital consultant and social worker arrived and discussed calling an ambulance. Mr Russell became agitated again. The doctors left and police arrived to handle the hospital transfer. So, having handed this difficult and traumatic process over lock, stock and barrel to the police, they simply washed their hands of all responsibility.
In this festive and pretty cheese spread, both green and black olives are combined with sundried tomatoes and creamy Fontina cheese, and then rolled in fresh herbs. I used a combination of parsley, thyme, rosemary and oregano, but adding basil or marjoram would taste wonderful, too; they key is to choose at least three different fresh herbs rather than just one or two.
At present, third-party Antivirus Support vendors are usually catering easy and helpful support to get home plus business AVG products and solutions. They currently have customized plans in order to reach users’ expectancy. Presence with experts, 24/7 variety and service-level-agreement are to be certain that users’ is capable of having safe and secure computing experience in the time, that will achieve its dreams combatting all of challenges.
My joy is being allowed to be Michael for you. Our clockwork is ready to spring to life — all it needs is you!
11And they had a king over them, which is the angel of the bottomless pit, whose name in the Hebrew tongue is Abaddon, but in the Greek tongue hath his name Apollyon.
Anyone whose has a cable subscription to IFC probably recognizes Carrie Brownstein from her comedic stylings on the channel’s popular show Portlandia. Yet, fewer may know that Brownstein currently plays guitar for Wild Flag or along with Corin Tucker founded seminal Pac NW rock group Sleater Kinney. Formed in 1994, Sleater Kinney (the band functioned as a three piece and had three different drummers over the course of its existence) has often been pegged as part of the Riot Grrrl Movement. However, if one reads Sara Marcus’s engaging Girls to the Front: The True Story of the Riot Grrrl Revolution, Sleater Kinney appears to be the belated second wave of the movement, a culmination of its best intentions if you will. This is not to say Sleater Kinney’s connection has somehow been fabricated or imagined, but rather after reading GTTF, it would seem the “formal” movement imploded just as its effects, example #1 Sleater Kinney, began to emerge. Sure, Corin Tucker played in one of the quintessential RG acts of the early 1990s, Heavens to Betsy, but the musicianship and lyrical depth that Sleater Kinney exhibited probably would have developed on its own. Yet, it would be hard to deny that RG gave it a solid foundation upon which to build and space in which dominate.
Evans and the company which he works for are nothing but wannabe gangsters who if there really is such a thing as “karma” will at some time in future find themselves in a position whereby they come to realise how fucked up in the head they are, especially if someone can take advantage of them whilst they themselves are in need of assistance through illness, as I said in a previous post - what goes round, comes round.
I'd put Patrick Rothfuss in the Robert Jordan, George RR Martin, Melanie Rawn school of epic fantasy. If the first book in this series (The Name of the Wind) was good, then the second is even better. The canvas is broad, the imagination on a similar scale, and I particularly like the central framework of Kvothe's inn as the pivot around which the whole story revolves. There's a sort of zen-like quality to him which reminds me of 'Young Grasshopper's' teachers, Master Po and Master Kan in the Kung Fu movies. Rothfuss is just a damn good storyteller - the only complaint I have is that I want to read on, and I can't, because the next book won't be out for aeons. However, as a fellow writer, I understand that it takes time for fantasy worlds to brew and come to the boil, so I forgive him. If you are a patient sort, do try him out - I think this series will be seen as a classic in years to come.
The idea of the invention of language and of the creative power of the WORD is embodied by this figure, who speaks the word of creation, OM, in Tibetan script. The sweeping shape of the dress pattern piece with stitched lines coming from the figure's (other) mouth represent the sounds being put forth into the world, and reinforce the idea of something being made, or created. The bird in symbolist art has long been seen as a messenger, due to its ability to fly to realms beyond our reach; the map within its body implies access to all parts of the world.
Effort is always for our sake, not others. The business world is not all too interested in what we did to get what we done, done, but instead what we did to be successful! If what we do is not success, meaning their success, then we failed! Period! Our superiors may hate us young men and women out there correcting them, cause they might be thinking we know nothing about their success, we know nothing about the “business world” and lastly, most importantly, we just want to take their success and make people believe it’s our success. Honest and passionate people do not work this way, I don’t work this way. I work for one goal, to succeed. Success can be defined in many ways, but I have one way to define it, success is not giving up.
An “An Fáinne” is a lapel pin, worn by some fluent Irish speakers to invite others to speak to them in the traditional language.
Early tomorrow the lovely missus and I will be heading to Stamford Connecticut for the 14th Annual Northeast Pez Collector's Gathering. Yeah, you read that correctly - we are going to a Pez convention. It will be our fifth such convention (2 in Cleveland, 1 in Myrtle Beach and the second time in CT) and we are very excited. Yeah yeah, we, especially me (I still think Amy is just going to the convention to make me happy - and to relax in a plush hotel room), are big time nerds. To show just how big of nerds we, okay, mostly me, are - we hope to add to our Pez collection this weekend, a collection that is already at 2,142 dispensers and counting. We should break 2200 by convention's end. Yeah, nerd(s).
Nobody has ever done that before. Except for my mom of course.
This year I was fortunate enough to acquire some earthworms, meant for a worm bin. I gave up on the bin fairly quickly, and just dumped all the worms into the compost pile. When it came time to screen the compost, I pulled out literally hundreds of worms and gave them to my Mother, who keeps a worm farm. The compost was beautiful! The worms helped break down the pile much faster, and I will be adding them every spring from now on. But if you don't have access to earthworms, don't worry! If your pile is on the ground, the worms will find it, and work their magic on it without your help. Adding worms yourself just makes the process happen a little faster!
Supposing that during a national emergency and while the Legislature is in session, the legislators woke up one morning to find that there was extreme scarcity of imported food, fuel, building materials, equipment required in agriculture and industry, etc., because of a monopoly, hoarding, injurious speculation, manipulation, private controls and profiteering, or that there were wide-spread lockouts and strikes paralyzing transportation, commerce and industry, or rampant espionage or sabotage endangering the very life and security of the nation. How much time would it take the legislature to enact the necessary legislation in order to cope with the situation and pass the necessary emergency measures?
● Encourage development and use of new technologies, including
AB: Rumors are always swirling around everything, specifically in sports. The NHL is not currently looking to expand, nor do I think they will look to do so in the upcoming decade. The only professional sports league that has more than 30 teams is the NFL, and any league is nuts if they believe they can compete with Roger Goodell. Contraction, however, is a different issue. Do I think that the league has 30 financially healthy teams? No. But is it really helpful to contract teams? I’m not too sure about that, but it surely doesn’t look good public relations-wise if the league shuts down franchises that it granted just a couple decades ago. No sports league has an even playing field when it comes to money, because every franchise is run differently and various markets respond differently to everything. The NHL needs to find a way to get a more even keel for all 30 teams. You’re never going to prevent the Montreals or the New Yorks or the Philadelphias or Torontos from dominating the market financially. But there are ways to balance the playing field immensely and make sure that the Floridas, Tampa Bays, Dallases, and Phoenixes are able to fairly compete.
It's apparently to make WONDER WOMAN into Kevin Sorbo's Hercules: The Legendary Journey's.
After you have been relieved of your debt, start setting some savings goals. Figure out what it is you’re saving for, how much money you will need, and about how long it will take you to get to that goal in order to achieve it. When figuring out how much you will need to save, it would be best to save the same amount each period. This time frame of saving must be realistic, or else you will just get discouraged and it will push you further and further from your goal.
So those are my celebrity favourites. What do you think? Who are yours? I’d love to hear about them!
Right now they are doing chores together so they will be done faster so they can go to the store with me. How much you want to bet I get asked to buy at least 16 things we don't need at the store, lunch on the way home and then to stop at the shave ice stand.
It's been a bit of a quiet last few days.....and that's just what I wanted it to be.
Bye then! Good night!
Samson's strength depended on keeping his hair uncut, your strength lies in keeping your principles intact. And unless you want to wind up like the Republican freshmen in 1994, avoid Newt Gingrich like the plague! At the time, people worried about Tea Parties being too narrow and ideological. They proclaimed that their basic issue was restoring a federal government that obeyed the Constitution. Constitutional government can allow a wide diversity of opinion on policy issues. But no movement can survive a compromise of principle.
From CAMPUS CRUSADE FOR CHRIST INTERNATIONAL:
Sometime a glimpse I get to steal
THE WORLD BESTOWS ITS BIG PRIZES, both in money and honors, for but one thing, and that is Initiative. What is Initiative? I'll tell you. It is doing the right thing without being told. But next to doing the thing without being told is to do it when you are told once. That is to say, carry the Message to Garcia: those who can carry a message get high honors, but their pay is not always in proportion. Next there are those who never do a thing until they are told twice: such get no honors and small pay. Next, there are those who do the right thing only when Necessity kicks them from behind, and these get indifference instead of honors, and a pittance for pay. This kind spends most of its time polishing a bench with a hard luck story. Then, still lower down in the scale than this, we have the fellow who will not do the right thing even when someone goes along to show him how and stays to see that he does it: he is always out of a job, and receives the contempt he deserves, unless he happens to have a rich Pa, in which case Destiny patiently awaits around the corner with a stuffed club.
Is someone to tuck me in
I purchased their album at their second Toronto concert ever, a copy on their original self-created label, 8 ft. I was absolutely enthralled by their live show, marvelling at the phenomenal chemistry between Amanda Palmer and Brian Viglione. It was downright frightening, how in sync they were on stage. The notion of punk cabaret itself was refreshing for my musical palatte, and became a staple in the rotation.
- I introduced my boyfriend to my family. -
Don’t lose your temper. No matter what happens keep your temper. Getting angry is thought to be the last policy to express their emotions.
I did some research on the track, Levels, and found out that people were mashing that song with everything. Levels is the Renaissance Song of the now. It works with everything and, done well, sounds like aural sex. Let’s explore.
When I first read this poem, it seemed so simple and straightforward. It’s just a bunch of random facts, right? Instinctually, I felt there was more to it. So I tried my best to break it down…
I feel like I fail miserably the majority of the time.
Also, a nice photo of Picket Fence waiter Ozzie, above.
This is wreaking some merry havoc with my gender at the moment. I mean, pre-pregnancy an androgynous presentation was utterly out of my reach and I had figured out ways to live with that, these changes are just throwing it into starker relief.
Photo courtesy of FashionGoneRogue.com
I made my way to Archibald House and I was blown away by the beauty of the building, especially the wooden doors, it certainly reminded me of a gothic victorian house and the inside wow the inside was just as beautiful. After getting clearance from security, I was introduced to three really nice guys; Gareth, Hardey and Dan, who were the people who interviewed me. Surprisingly, I spent roughly 15-20mins with the guys, and the interview itself I feel went well, so I just have to wait until Easter has gone, and I can hopefully go back to Birmingham to do some work with Doctors, or any other programmes produced by BBC Birmingham.
That would leave Goldstein $2.18 million or $2.37 million. That's approximately double what a commensurate apartment would cost.
News flash, things area always going to be hard, things will always look daunting and yeah you will be scared at times. Its a sign of life, does that mean people stop living?
Hazel Grace is sixteen and has Stage IV cancer which has metastasised into her lungs. She breathes with the aid of an oxygen tank on wheels, which she has named “Philip”. She has been sent to a support group of other cancer sufferers to deal with her depression, which is where she meets cancer survivor Augustus Waters. He is good-looking and charismatic, and the two make an immediate connection.
Bats of Brilliance & Onyx Extreme
It's time for my last challenge as a Krafty Guest for Kraftin' Kimmie Stamps! I've had such a wonderful time this month - HUGE thanks to Kim and all of the Krafty Girls for having me!! This week, the challenge is to create a card with a spring theme. I really wanted to get my new Tin Man image (part of the brand new Wizard of Oz inspired collection) inky, so I opted to go with some gorgeous Evangline paper by Cosmo Cricket (it's springy, right?). I hand stitched the two pieces together to form the background panel (the grey piece at the top, and the striped below). Then I put a long strip of the bold flower pattern on - it reminds me of the scene where they all fall asleep in the field of flowers!
Gus Gus Polyesterday IS
In China giving and sharing cigarettes is a customary practice. In a country where over half the adult male population smokes, cigarettes are used as gifts for various special occasions from weddings and business meetings to funerals.
1tablespoon grated fresh ginger
Now imagine how good they taste, warm from the oven and rich with brown sugar, melted chocolate, and the lightly spiced creaminess of Biscoff spread. Multiply that by ten and you have some idea of just how good these bars really are. They're not green and there are no rainbows, leprechauns, or other St. Patrick's Day paraphernalia. Just pure, unadulterated deliciousness.
Let it.
The presumption that Tory’s husband Donald is dead irks her mother, Mrs Head. “She dreaded the thought of her daughter becoming a widow – it was a role she cherished for herself alone.” Good news then, when a long-delayed letter from Donald arrives: he has been captured and is being held as a prisoner of war. Mrs Head is pleased – “dead he was rather a disgrace, but captured – that meant there might still be a chance for her family to distinguish itself in the war effort” – and so is Tory, until she gets to the end of his letter (which I reveal here only because the book’s blurb outlines it generally):
Place: Earth is our sacred mother. Each being has intrinsic value and its rightful place within an interconnected whole. Our personal and collective connection to our place on Earth is sacred and inalienable. Individual human identity is linked to and defined by a deep and enduring relationship to our place and to the vocation through which we sustain ourselves and fulfill our responsibility to and for the community that in turn sustains us.
If an applicant presents unusually long documents, foreign-language documents, or a large number of documents, the proposed amended rules require that in appropriate cases applicants must provide additional disclosure, such as an identification of a portion of a document that caused it to be cited, and an explanation of how the specific feature, showing, or teaching of the document correlates with language in one or more claims. In those rare instances, where the specific feature, showing, or teaching cannot be correlated to a claim limitation, correlation to a specific portion of the supporting specification would be required.
This one was a bit special though; in celebration of a Significant Birthday we tagged on 3 days sailing. The Glam Ass has had a long-held ambition to sail into the small harbour at Loggos. Over the years he has sat on our terrace, or glass in hand at a taverna, and watched sailboats big and small sail in and sail out again. His wish to be on board was almost tangible.
I sometimes make this cider in my crock pot if I am hosting a large gathering. Refrigerate any leftovers. Reheat to enjoy. Take a mug of Hot Apple Cider to the front porch with a good book and enjoy the beauty of fall!
La Gloria Icehouse
Ribs, coleslaw, baked beans, and corn bread
I still cannot resist bookstores to save my life, and I really should, but I took a look in a local one today to get a surprise tome for the little guy (okay, and a little something for myself). I found myself browsing through this one:
Today, I'm posting some of the closeups of the painting that our daughter (Girly~Twirly aka theluckiestmrs) has done for their baby nursery. Her inspiration for the nursery room colors are from her love of the colors and designs of Lilly Pulitzer clothes
Some unschoolers do have tons of friends. And there’s nothing wrong with that. Some unschoolers are quite happy with only a few friends. There’s nothing wrong with that, either. Different people are happy with different amounts of social stimulation, and more or less downtime. One of the many benefits of unschooling is a persons ability to choose how much time they want to spend out home or out-and-about; with family, or friends, or by themselves. And an individual’s ease with others, how well they naturally deal with people, is not at all dependent on whether they go to school or not. Neither is having more difficulty with people a horrible mark against you (or, should I say, it shouldn’t be). Social skills are just yet another skill that takes more work for some than others, like cooking or algebra or mechanics. I’m very fed up with hearing people talk about “social awkwardness” as if it’s the eighth deadly sin. Unschooling gives people the space to be who they are, and gain the skills needed to function in the world at their own pace and in the ways that make them the most comfortable.
Certainly, writing — and its sibling, editing — are essential to journalism. But Brokaw fails to see that writing and editing are just as essential in social media as they are for traditional media.
I can readily understand the number of Kindles sold and placed under Christmas trees all over the USA – the sale of 1.5 million guns in the week before Christmas is just plain bonkers in my humble opinion, but then again what does a daft Scotsman like me know about the American psyche.
Notes: Using this quote without forming an uproarious conga line is a venal sin, and punishable by at least four bootings.
“It is imperative that our citizens understand the facts behind this support,” Matt Hall, vice president of economic development and interim CEO for 1si, said in the statement.
Thanks for listening to them. I like making acoustic songs, and might make more soon, but it's more of a thing I do when I'm just sitting in my basement. I normally just make them when friends ask to do a split, or a song for a compilation. When those acoustic jams came out a long time ago, I never released them. Some how people got the songs, but that's cool.
The Occupation Of Father Time
I’m not really interested in Brothers Conflict, but I scanned the pages of the preview book that were relevant to HiroC and OnoD. There’s an interview with OnoD on the third page.
wide boards one foot down from the ends. I was careful to keep all the rough-sawn sides up.
Intermediality and Contemporary Cultural Production in Spain
When he says the words you’ve been needing to hear
Currently Listening: On The Impossible Past by The Menzingers
Still, a sweep of the spring auction results reveals fresh clues about which artists collectors feel more, or less, confident in now. "Before the crisis, people were buying everything," says David Nahmad, a modern-art dealer with galleries in New York and London. "Now, they're more selective."
And longs for the rest of Death.
I've read and heard some great things throughout my day today that have brought me joy...
Back in the early 90s, media buyers (those who negotiate rates and arrange a schedule with national networks and local broadcast affiliates) would write up the schedules on paper forms. In a large agency with 10-15 buyers, these schedules would quickly become stacks of paper.
9) The term ‘The Doctor’ refers to ______
Turns the sky in the high window blank and reeling---
Publication Date: 19 April 2012
CRANBERRY SAUCE
I’m almost in tears typing this. I’m hoping that maybe this next three years will be good enough to mend some scars but I doubt it. Heck, I’m worried to put my real name in fear someone from school will see it but oh well.
sehet die erste Kerze brennt."
Keywords are: follow the customer journey, use every possible touch point to hook your client. Be aware of where you come from, what your clichés are to built up your brand and be sexy when you sell your capabilities. Last but not least use your brain and your heart for innovation. Go from USP to ESP (Emotional Selling Proposition). But do not forget that you do business in an economic environment, so win the local economy for your goals and integrate it in your strategies to promote your destination as a whole.
The next one requires some unpacking. Irene Bordoni was a stage performer, a protégé of Cole Porter, and her divorce battle of 1929 was big news in the gossip columns. Hatlo seems to be taking her to task for playing sluts (basically) on stage while unconvincingly acting innocent in the court room. He also implies that her husband is a sugar daddy and a cuckolded fool:
The 60 day challenge includes 4 classes per week. We were approached by many women who wanted to do the challenge but could not attend 4 classes per week. Therefore we decided to launch the Skinny Jean Challenge which is identical to the 60 day challenge however it is includes 2 classes per week instead of 4. I am so happy to be able to teach these women how to take control of their life, their eating habits and cycles of good days and bad days and to show them how to have the body they want while enjoying the foods they love.
Titan Atlas
I have said it before and will keep saying it: Austinites, by and large, have no sense of their own history. We’d rather pave a parking lot than preserve an old building, and we’d rather build a generic limestone- and concrete-veneer strip center most of all. We’d rather look like every other city in the Sunbelt than a place with a colorful and unique history. We mistake “newness” for “progress.” But all America is going this way. Since we no longer have any roots or sense of place, for some reason we demand that every city we live in look the same. That is wrong, and worse, that is boring.
a fraud. I hope all those lovely people in the class will forgive me. (I
All Bishops shall diligently teach the Gospel, not only in their Cathedral Churches which they govern, but also indifferently in all the Churches of every of their diocese, where they shall think it most needful.
We continued our talk then. He was listening even if he was still resisting. Him being a little more open minded,me thinking of all that I have read that he has not. I tried to think of the overall message that I wanted to convey that would help him wrap his mind around this.
1. N.T. Rama Rao is cool.
I LOVE THEM. And they love me, which is funny because I’ve heard they can be very hard to grow. So look at me, not touching them and they are awesome. Of course.
Put octopus in boiling water and when it comes to a boil again, add a little cold water. Bring it to a boil again, and repeat the addition of cold water for three times. After the third addition of cold water, when the water comes to a boil, turn the heat down to the low simmer and simmer for 20 minutes.
No, no no no no - I'm going to hold in my urge to hunt down and lash out until I can wrap my head (and yours) around the "how"s and "why"s of Cool World, and explain how this could have possibly passed muster for a man who should have known better.
It wasn't all work though and there was still some time to play with 2 year old Evie and get to know 8 week old Liam, as well as chat to Russ and Shannon. At last almost everything was packed, and sadly, the family departed - excited at the prospect of being in the first home of their own, but also aware of all the work ahead of them. We are very much looking forward to our first visit in early May. I am assured there will be plenty of gardening to do (don't mind if it is only weeding), and lots of cuddle time with the grandchildren.
I have to stop talking to you
Still, earlier this month, Netanyahu said that he would work to find a solution to avoid the demolition.
Also, it's easier on us to ride them because of this reason. Those big heavy thick spines that horses (and similar animals) have don't have a lot of flexibility. When you look at a horse running, the spines stays relatively level and straight. That makes for a much smoother and comfier ride for the passenger.
Jalapeno's, Parsley, Cilantro, Dill, Green Onions, Basil and Cantaloupe.
BRITNEY SPEARS: Who can forget her very public meltdown/driving with kid on lap/shaved headed moments. General lack of care when with her kids. Love it. So goddamn real and not dissimilar to me.
This set the relaxed mood for his entire talk, in which he skillfully went through the Se7en Deadly Sins of ELT (as shown below) and debunked each of them, always reminding us never to throw the baby out with the bathwater.
Career Opportunities at Mount SinaiReturn to the Mount Sinai Main Site
Presents to wrap, cleaning to do, cookies to bake...
Throughout the march some demonstrators yelled, “Shields line up!” or “Shields to the front,” and the shield-bearers would line up in front of the crowd.
* BlueHeartScraps who I CT for is now a designer at Brownie Scraps!!!!!!!!!
What you see here are my favorites.
Rick said she's a Fuddy Duddy. She wouldn't dance at all. And daddy loves to dance! She did wiggle around with her friends a little bit. But for her it was more about the cookies and punch.
P.S. Look at all that beautiful heavy black!!!
Here are a collection of my firsties:
watched grow from one grandchild, born
Previous seasons have seen a much more even spread, partly out of the Dutchman being missing through injury but also with midfielders who have possessed more of an eye for goal. It is this aspect that has been noticeable by its absence this campaign and one that the manager will seek to redress this summer.
“Jeez, six inches! Is she mad?” Some slutty old Cinderella, no wonder she took a tumble come pumpkin time.
I cannot romanticize my own younger years nearly hard enough to forget that. Maybe some people can, and anybody can talk a good long line about all of the things Dynasty’s mom could have done beyond getting the school board and an independent panel to review the situation, but it seems like everything on that list amounts to a polite request for justice.
So what you have to do is leave a comment, give these photos suitable captions like:
Meanwhile we had moved to help lower our expenses, into a duplex. A wonderful family, the Buxcel's, had helped us move. They were a family on the road at the time. They were in the Reno area for a month or so and we went and met up with them a few times. I picked at their brain a lot about living on the road and we checked out their bus. It made me desire it even more!
The next event is the first in the Brewniversity Back-To-School program. On July 16th at Deckard's American Tavern, we are going to give you a stiff drink of learnin' with the first annual Whiskey Class. You will get to taste five different whiskeys from 4 different countries. All top-shelf stuff and up. No cheap hooch here! Now since I know that you are beer drinkers, I am going to pair a different beer to compliment each whiskey. You are going to need something to sip on while you are getting educated, and we can't give you that much hard liquor. I've heard about you and hard liquor....Expect lighter bodied beers with lighter whiskey, rye ale with rye whiskey, etc. On hand will be Kevin Mulcahy, an expert on all things related to whiskey. This guy is incredibly knowledgeable and entertaining, so come with questions and be prepared to learn something. This event, like the cheese one, runs from 3:00 to 5:00 pm, and the cost is only $25.00. Chef Deckard is also going to have an affordable, whiskey-themed food special that evening if you want to stick around for dinner. We did this type of event last year as well, but with tequila, and it was a huge success. Frankly, I don't actually have a good reason why it has taken so long to do another one.
So, Mr. Online Advertiser, for every 10,000 times your online ad appeared, you got a solid 9 clicks. Good job.
The nation’s largest banks have turned more in profit in the last 30 months than they did in nearly eight years preceding the crisis, all while spending millions to derail significant reform legislation. And since the Dodd-Frank Act became law, they have spent millions more to weaken its rules and prevent certain regulations from taking effect. Bank lobbying, in fact, is now on pace to reach a record high this year.
“How old are you, twelve, thirteen?”
So I've been doing my horror movie homework lately: the first two Friday the 13th movies and the first Nightmare on Elm Street. I'd've hit up the Halloween series, too, but the first movie is gone from Netflix insty and H2O sequel is...quite, quite dreadful. I watched it out of desperation on cable once when I was sick. Even my massive childhood crush on Jamie Lee Curtis couldn't make it good; it only made it watchable.
‘Merry England’, during the reign of Good Queen Bess, was a police state. It was a crime to hear a Catholic mass. It was a crime to be ‘a free thinker’.
