No cooking for me today. My oven died last Thanksgiving Day and I have not bothered to resurrect it yet. I try not to use my oven in the warmer months (which is most of the year) because it heats up the house, but I do like to have it in the couple of cold months we do have to help keep the house warm and smell those yummy comfort foods wafting from it.
Why do I fall asleep whenever I’m studying? Why oh why? *laughs*
We are a family that loves to travel but we also love to come home again. There's nothing like sleeping in your own bed, eating in your own kitchen and knowing that the hair you find in the shower is from your own head. Amen.
TIME- 09-13.09.2009 was the theme carried on for the event known as AfrikaBurn. Modeled after the American burning man, AfrikaBurn brings a community and participatory essence to South Africa.
I thank him for his high opinion of me and pick up a copy of Scientific American to discourage further conversation. In that prestigious periodical, I discover that the Earth has a habitable sister planet called Kepler-22b. Not the prettiest name, it’s true, but you can’t judge a planet by what it’s called. Venus is a complete hell-hole regardless of its beautiful appellation.
Welcome to round 2 of Tuesdays with Dorie, as we bake our way through Baking with Julia. For this round we are tackling the Chocolate Truffle Tartlettes......or in my case, a Chocolate Truffle Tart. I didn't have any small tart rings, just one big 10" one.....so a giant super-chocolately tart is what I got!
How do you know when a story is 'finished': how long might you typically work on one?
A Really nice day with warm air, warm sunshine and an over anticipated length of time spent in Leek this morning.
Clark says if millions of wild salmon are coming over from Georgian Bay, the salmon fishery in Lake Michigan could collapse too.
So I am working on letting go and giving all of the worries to God. I will be TRUSTing in Him in 2012, and 2013, and 2014, and so on!
He wants anyone to challenge Alex, and here comes Robbie E, my dude.
I've worn glasses since I was eight. Completely incapacitated without them. I had lens implants when he did the surgery and it's been such freedom. I only use readers when I do my stitching. I can actually pick up a newspaper and read it without glasses. Now I do need something for distance, but that will become-permanently- a thing of the past when this is done. Whooot!
I love old wool and cotton rugs.
So at about 10 minutes in, I nicknamed it “Mathjisuka Gakuen” … not knowing what I was really getting myself into.
I have the support of a wonderful spouse, but she has no desire, as of this writing, to live with a woman full time. Being a "part time" girl to the world carries with it, a huge weight to my own sense of identity. I find that some have no problem with simply finding time to "release" and be their feminine selves once in a while and that this is enough for them to then return to play the male role. For myself, it has created it's own point of angst as one's life begins to develop within the gender role in which they feel most comfortable.
0: Custom dump
the pews laid down,
Ramsey Campbell – Rising Generation
'Mihail. From Komsomolsk.'
- Price point (things to consider: conference fee, transportation, hotel accommodations, etc.)
The de facto power in this enterprise would be in the hands of Jack Idema, who used it for his own ends – the chief one being to enlarge his own bank account – while leaving all business expenses and legal penalties to the legal owners the corporation.
Sad – cruel and rude too!
I will never forget, in the depths of my depression, the same feelings of the world and everyone just seeming to take from me without apparently giving anything back. I felt I was just giving, giving, giving in every area of my life and that I was having the lifeblood sucked out of me. Everyone hits rock bottom in different ways and we all have different levels of tolerance and fortitude. And it is a sad truth that if you are one of life's givers, someone who just 'copes' and stoically gets on with things, then people just continue to take. Until finally you collapse under the strain. Mercifully I never took an axe to anyone's head, but I have come close to some alarmingly fierce moments of anger and potential loss of control. I also remember thinking about my girls and their tender years and innocence - that they had no idea what a terrible state their mother was actually in, barely able to get up in the morning to feed them breakfast. If there was anything which drove me to get better, to learn how to mend and what steps to take to make sure I never end up in that bad, bad place again, it was the desire to be a good mother to my girls. I didn't want them to remember me as a basket case, yet I wanted them to know me as a real human being - with weaknesses and imperfections - and to understand that life is not always easy or indeed does not always turn out as you might expect. Most of all I wanted to be there for them - totally present in mind and emotion, not just physically.
Lt. John F. Ginley, 37, Warwick, N.Y.
by Lee Stern
My newest favorite: Are You There, Chelsea. It really is hilarious.
Yes, I know there were millions of us who in the early eighties wanted nothing more than to lounge on a yacht in a magenta bikini ogling four grown men wearing lip gloss. But I lived in New Jersey, went to a Catholic School and was in third grade. A magenta bikini was not in my future.
We pray and we bring Thee our homage of tears,
Joseph Vacher was born the last of 15 children, in 1869 to a poor, illiterate, peasant farmer in the French town of Beaufort. Through careful study over time, present day experts have learned that most serial killers share some common traits. Often times, when delving into the childhood of a serial killer, experts find that the killer began small... usually with animals. Joseph Vacher was no exception. As a child he displayed some traits which his family found to be quite disturbing. He had been discovered mutilating animals, he would beat his siblings, and had even fired a gun in the direction of some children his age. His parents decided rather quickly that their youngest Vacher child needed more discipline, so they sent him to a strict Catholic school, where he could learn "to fear and obey God".
Delta blues, including via Chicago, is one of my favorite genres of music, but now I’m a Joe Bonamassa fan, too. Too early to tell whether anything related will show up in my dreams, but the forum on his website is pleasingly sprinkled with dreams that involve him:
Bake for 15-20 minutes until golden brown. Cool for 5 minutes before removing from pan to wire rack.
à bientôt
You can pick up the wax here, but if you don't take me at my word that this is an album you should pick up, the lead-off track is below and clicking on the album title in the second paragraph will take you to a Soundcloud set of the entire record.
I had a bad start to advent this morning when I became ill before Mass began. I was too uncomfortable to try to stay for the whole service, so when the entrance hymn was announced and the congregation stood, I used the circumstances to slip out as unnoticed as possible. I diagnosed my malady as a low sugar complication which has occurred only once before, but is quite distracting. I made it home safely, ate some candy corn and two slices of toast and peanut butter which restored me to a normal status. I had eaten some breakfast, but was informed that if my sugar count were low to begin with, it was not enough sustain me until lunch time. Will try to make up my worship time this week.
Institute of Philosophy, Cuba ; Women in Black India, Philippines, Nepal
There's a touching Soviet film called "Autumn Marathon", in which a random Dane gets thrown into a Glorious Socialist drunk tank. He returns to his Leningrad hosts the next morning with the sort of look in his eyes that you'd get after a particularly invasive bout of alien abduction. "There were many new words there," he muttered into his kvass.
If you have no experience with a show, and especially if you have any concerns about the show, NETWORK. If you do online sales through a site like Etsy, get involved with a team from your area -- ask questions in the forums. Use social networking sites (like Facebook and Twitter) to connect with other vendors from the area. Some shows offer an online list of the vendors who participate -- connect with some of them to inquire about a show. Some vendors post their schedules online -- contact them (politely, of course) to ask about their experiences with certain shows.
“Those countries that rediscover the value of the nation state as the natural source of democracy will develop a healthy political culture. That’s what I hope to live to see.”
We buy a pie for brekkies at Liverpool street station, £2,80 each. Then we're on the Holborn tube headed to Piccadilly. Off at Oxford Circus and we're down Regent street thru Westminster to eye of London to St James' Park and past all the statues (too many to name) to Big Ben (not so big) to Parliament square past Nelson Mandela Statue, Winston Churchill etc, then to Buckingham Palace (flag was up!)
· Burl Ives
In England's green and pleasant land.
and had already chosen a photo to use...
Well, that's not completely true, but I have been incredibly busy during the day and into the evening. The first week of May we celebrated a Confirmation, a First Communion and Mother's Day. We've participated in two May crownings...Yay, Mary!...and I've finished up my second year of classes.
I never die before, but I guess this hurt greater,
always excelling at all you touch
After the appointment, I called my mother and told her how it went. I hadn't told her about the two issues.
That God has shouted, "Yes! Yes! Yes!"
No. I'm not going to shut up about that book any time soon. In fact, I'm waiting up right now, exhausted and sick, to watch this week's 30 Rock, and pawing through it, planning my next attack. There are at least 20 stickies. You've been warned.
Now that we are in agreement, let us move on like a Vegas bride the morning after, shall we?
Now it seems it's time to start thinking ahead. I've started on the slouchy hat that Eldest has chosen from Jane Brockett's knit book. I'm using Debbie Bliss aran tweed which is a bit itchy, but has the most wonderful colour flecks running through it.
First of all I had to find a bike bay near home. There are two, the nearest is small and, it appears, always empty. The other is much bigger but is almost half way to work. Still, it’s a start. Then there is the business of purchasing your ride. They don’t make it easy for the casual user. There is a lot to read and agree to and buttons to press on the touch screen. It costs £1 to hire your bike during a single 24 hour period and if you complete your journey in less than half an hour there is no further payment. Finally, a release code is issued, valid for 10 minutes, which needs to be punched into a pad on the bike’s stand. Fearful of failing to complete all the instructions in time, I finally yanked the bike free and ran over my own foot before discovering the saddle was stuck at the lowest level. Being taller rather than shorter, I was forced to ride the bike with my knees up round my ears, as if in training for the can-can.
If anyone has any suggestions, I'll be glad to hear them. But in any event, there was tee-tee today in the potty, Her Majesty seems interested, and I'm hopeful that "Potty Training, Part Deux" will not be the debacle that it was with Wonder Boy.
Every creative journey begins with a problem. It starts with a feeling of frustration, the dull ache of not being able to find the answer. We have worked hard, but we've hit the wall. We have no idea what to do next.
The grin returned, far too smart for its own good. "I hope you don't mind getting a bit cozy."
We did the same routine. How are you. How's everything going, yada yada yada. Then, the topic comes up. The same thing people of our age working in advertising at one time or another talk about: quitting the biz. It came about because I asked him how was work and he retorted with: I'm here for the check. Ugh. Know the feeling, yes sir. So I asked him... Why don't you leave? He answered, honestly, like most of us would. "I don't know what I want to do next, but it's not advertising anymore".
Last of all is a trooper firing his 9mm Glock 19 Pistol in a two-handed grip for extra stability. He has his MP5A SMG slung over his back. He wears a Nomex hood but no gasmask.
My substance abuse group is such a JOY. There are 4 other girls. 3 are around 25 and have lost their kids to social services or their parents, and are court ordered to be there, and yet they are STILL in there talking about their latest relapse and their still using boyfriends that are an obstacle to them ever getting their kids back. It makes me sick. Then there is the 34 year old stripper. Now she is really an inspiration. She sleeps all day while she puts her 3 year old in front of the TV, and then finds the energy to go to a hotel wide Halloween party where she proceeds to "do lines (of coke) in every room and get loaded until four in the morning."
If you’re on Twitter than you might have seen that I failed my 1 hour glucose test last week. BOO! So I get to take the three hour tomorrow and spend 4 hours at the hospital tomorrow morning. Fun times friends, fun times.
my friends have 3 year olds and i am like a 3 year old.
Crap hidden, it’ll be time to turn to the fence. Or should I say fences seeing as we’re surrounded by three different kinds at the moment. If money were no object I would surround myself with bricks and have a beautiful little walled garden. But money is an object, so this can’t happen. The bamboo needs to come down. This was hastily put up when we first started to let our cats out (a completely wasted purchase as they were up and over within minutes), and needs to be binned. Equally, our back fence wobbles manically in the slightest of breezes and needs to be replaced, although I’ll be sad to lose the ivy. Once a new fence is up on all three sides, it will bring a unity to the space which I can then jazz up with planters and pots and colour galore.
The night I came home from Finland, I sent my luggage home with my host family and took the train into town from the airport. I met up with Mattie, Anna, Dan and a new aupair Agate from Latvia. We went to the pub and had a couple drinks and had some food since I hadn't really eaten since Finland I was starving. Airplane food doesn't cut it. When we were done at the pub we walked to the Fete de Geneve. It's a huge party basically for Geneva. Lots of rides, and food and FUN. By 11:00 half the group left so it was just Anna, Dan and me walking around. Anna and Dan had to work the following morning so we went out separate ways and headed home.
Also do check out my fabulous new interview over at Blog Expat where I dish about ex-pat life warts and all:
As of right now, I've watched the majority of the movie Predators in bits and pieces. I like it. Luckily I've got my boyfriend next to me explaining all of the nuances and throwbacks to the original Predator, so that was helpful. Then he found War of the Worlds and decided to watch that all the way through, the Resident Evil after that.
Here’s something you should know. When Chuck Norris does a push up, he isn’t lifting himself up; he’s pushing the Earth down. Is it true? It doesn’t have to be; it’s a Chuck Norris fact! Chuck Norris facts are usually very ridiculous and untrue statements about how tough, fearless, or strong Chuck Norris is. This meme is said to have been inspired from some Chuck Norris jokes Conan O’Brien (a late-night talk show host) mentioned on a show. Another possibility appears to stem from people making up facts about Vin Diesel as a result of his role in the movie “The Pacifier”, and then deciding to focus on Chuck Norris instead. Don’t worry about Chuck being offended, though. He has stated that it is flattering, and that he finds some of them genuinely funny.
fall of Jewish colonies near Hebron.
A few months back Manchester Morgue joined forces with several fellow blogs to honor Linda Blair with Blair Week - a week-long retrospective of her acting career. This week we're back to honor another legendary actor. His name is Yaphet Kotto.
They beat the young men to the point of death, to make them weak. This engendered in them anger and rage that was seldom dealt with. Also a mistrust and antagonism against authority figures.
I am now going to go for a wander aimlessly through the blogosphere and see what I can find.
"Psions in your head? Whole new front. Could sneak in a fugue trigger without you even knowing."
Once he was better, he carried on with the programme of getting wells dug, to bring fresh and clean water to outlying areas. Unfortunately, he had to drink the local water in the meantime, he caught cholera and he died. In the attic, we've got the series of telegrams telling his mother of his illness, finishing with the black-bordered envelope. There is also a scrapbook of press cuttings, including the ones of his funeral. A colleague of my stepfather went to the cemetery in Nairobi and found his memorial some years ago, don't know if it still exists.
Since then he has rarely made it past midnight, but he still starts out in his own room, which I think is huge progress!
Democracy in America?
Every two seconds, someone needs blood – and we, donors, are the only source. Only 38% of the population is eligible to give blood; of those, only about 5% participate. Yet a quarter of us will need blood in our lifetime – a car accident victim can need 50, even 100 or more, units of blood to survive. That victim could be your child, my mother, our friend, or ourselves. A cancer patient may need regular access to blood during their treatments. A transplant patient my be unable to accept an organ, even if available to them, if there is not an adequate supply of blood.
Pour half of the filling mixture in the prepared crust. Spoon half the lemon curd onto the filling. With a knife, swirl lemon curd through filling, taking care not to disturb the bottom crust. Repeat with the remaining cheesecake filling and lemon curd.
“Remember that enterprise email doesn’t necessarily mean that everybody goes to DISA. We have to get to a common identity management structure, we have to get to a common directory structure, we have to be able to collaborate. That’s really the infrastructure that’s critical here. We’re working with the Navy right now to say, ‘What does that look like for Navy?’ My preference is to work through the technical details to get to our end objective, because when you do that, you don’t have to dictate. Otherwise, if I dictated something, I’m going to be the bad guy every time somebody’s BlackBerry doesn’t work. That doesn’t get you to the end objective.”
The key difference is not whether such delusionally subjective-selective perception occurs on both political extremes - it does. No, what should matter to us all is how thoroughly the reflexive-denialists on one side control an entire movement, political party and power complex.... and ran the entire country... off a cliff. Meanwhile, the subjectivity junkies on the other side are marginalized (if loud.)
1. Boys can sit in front of a scary movie and not close their eyes once.
it's difficult to let go - but why plunge yourself into the fire over and over gain.. no one enjoys getting hurt.
I can take an oath that my respect for Mohammed is not any less than that of a devout Muslim. My respect for Mahavir is no less than that of a devout Jain. I have as much respect for Christ as does a devout Christian. My respect for Guru Nanak is not a wee bit less than that of a Sikh.In the same way, Ram, Krishna, Buddha are my idols. After saying this, I add that the great men of every religion have the most injustice done to them by the fanatic followers of their own religion.
when should I go back to Australia?
BJ's Restaurant & Brewery
day any longer, but the dark of night.
Sallmén M, Lindbohm ML, Kyyrönen P, Nykyri E, Anttila A, Taskinen H, Hemminki K. Fertility and maternal occupational exposure to solvents or lead. In: Abstracts of the 11th International Symposium, Epidemiology in Occupational Health; 1995 Sep 5-8; Noordwijkerhout, The Netherlands. Epidemiology 1995; 6 (Suppl.): S100.
So, I thought we were at the light of the end of the tunnel...
16/08 10:45 W Javelin Throw Qualification
without vitiating the evidence in any manner’. I don’t see anyone reasonably arguing that this is not in the form of a post-infringement remedial measure, much like the DMCA. Second, the court goes into the question of ‘actual knowledge’ stating that the defendants had specific knowledge of the plaintiff’s works since they were provided a list of their titles and updated works from time to time. Third, the fact that it obtained a license from users to modify content to insert ads and such indicated that they had knowledge of the content of the works. Fourth, the court found that its India-centric operations are also a
Update: Um, actually you get a lot of presents when they are born too. And you still get to open them. SCORE.
The panda’s inefficient dining habits — although it has the digestive system of a carnivore it eats like a herbivore, consuming up to 38 kilos of bamboo in a single day — might have something to do with why it is endangered, as their picky diets make them extremely dependent on their habitat to survive.
I closed my eyes as her soft fingers caressed my hair. Slowly a tear tricked and slid down my cheeks. I wrapped my arms around her and snuggled closer.
I'm kidding, of course! She absolutely did not say that. Quite the opposite, in fact. She offered to leave her busy job right away, to come and rescue me and my children. And if she could not have left right away, she would have figured out another way to get my key to me.
Many people think of Poland as being a very grey country because the legacy of the 1980s pictures of the Solidaity riots in Gdansk hasn’t been replaced with any new reality. Unless you have been to Poland it’s easy to have this grey stereotype in your mind. Unfortunately Warsaw is not the best place to come if you want to develop a different image of Poland. It’s physical landscape consists of many types of blocks and many of these are grey. Many of the newer buildings are impressive architecturally like the beautiful Westin. In fact it is not so different to Tokyo which is unimpressive during the day but is saved by its lights at night. Perhaps Warsaw will one day also go down this route. In fact here are Japanese restaurants everywhere and girls dressed as cyber goths Tokyo style. Maybe Warsaw is on its way to becoming Europe’s Tokyo.
Bottom line: Islam is not simply a benign and morally equivalent alternative to the Judeo-Christian tradition. As Sennels points out, the first and biggest victims of Islam are Muslims. Simple Christian compassion for Muslims and a common-sense desire to protect Western civilization from the ravages of Islam dictate a vigorous opposition to the spread of this dark and dangerous religion. These stark realities must be taken into account when we establish public polices dealing with immigration from Muslim countries and the building of mosques in the U.S.
No rhyme or reason. Some days I'll escape the day without a single freakish body crisis. Most days I feel like that obscure Sting song, All Four Seasons (which holds one of my favorite song lyrics ever: she can change her mind just like she changes a sweater).
Xenia
Steve Hass-Drums
McGovern MP, Gjerdingen DK, Froberg DG. The parental leave debate: implications for policy relevant research. Review. Women Health 1992; 18: 97-118.
I almost called 9-1-1 last night because I thought my neighbors were having a domestic dispute. I walked outside to go to my car, and I could hear neighbor man sounding pretty menacing-yelling profanities, and overwhelmingly- "this is B*@# S*#)!!"... and neighbor lady saying over and over--"Please calm down..honey, it will be okay, just calm down!" They were inside their home-with the front door closed. So, this was rather loud. Luckily for me, before grabbing my phone (and trying to be a hero) -I realized that neighbor man was very upset with the outcome of the Texas vs. Alabama Rose Bowl game.
No Bull: The Directors Cut - a newly edited, comprehensive HD DVD of AC/DC's famed July 1996 Plaza De Toros De Las Ventas concert in Madrid, Spain was released on September 9th and reached the top of the music DVD sales charts in 10 countries. The DVD debuts at #1 on the DVD sales charts in Australia, Canada, Denmark, Ireland, France, Germany, New Zealand, Sweden, Switzerland, and the United States. It’s #3 in Belgium and #4 in Austria and the United Kingdom.
Stewart D. Harris, 52, Marlboro, N.J.
In this thriller short, an FBI profiler and her partner (he’s called a detective, so it doesn’t sound like he’s FBI – confusing) are tracking a serial killer in DC. We see a scene from the killer’s point of view. Then we start seeing scenes from an unrelated plot, two D.C. homicide detectives trying to prevent a sniper from killing a man who had been acquitted of a rape/murder. Then we see scenes from the sniper’s point of view. The stories twist and collide in unexpected ways. I liked it, but I think this story might have worked better as a novel.
In our old house, Dog could lounge to his heart’s content. He had a huge yard to wander around in, and wander he did, but he never stayed out much longer than to “do his business.” In spite of the great big, lovely playground with an abundance of plants and smells, he was never that into it. Like us lying on that beautiful, lazy beach—always available and easy, comfortable and warm, but not very challenging.
I was fortunate enough a few weeks ago to hear of an exhibition of this week, in a pub near Bruton in Somerset. I've previously written a couple of posts (on 16th August and September) which explain my interest in the seldom-heard story of the prisoners of war - I'm in the process of writing a novel arising from my father's experiences. So of course, I was eager to see the exhibition - and it was marvellous. The pictures are from it, and I will attach a link to a video which will give the flavour of it more successfully than I could hope to do.
I asked for a flower and I found a garden…I asked for a tree and I found a forest…I asked for a drop of water and I found an ocean…I asked for love…and I found you…and I will love you until the stars stop falling…and I will love you until the sun stops shining…and I will love you until the moon stops glowing…and I will love you until the birds stop singing in the sky…and no matter what I want you to know…That I will never stop loving you…Because you’re what keeps me on the ground…Because you’re what keeps me breathing…Because you’re what I wake up for…Because you’re the answer to my prayers…Because you’re what stops me being alone…Because you’re there when I need you…Because it’s you and me alone…Because you’re what I call perfection…Because you’re one of a kind…Because you’re what I call mine…I’m sorry for all the times you’ve been hurt…I hate to see you sad and I always want to be there for you…I want to be the one that makes you glad…I never want to see tears running down your face whatever the cause…You’re my entire universe and I love you with all my heart and wish we’d never be apart…You’re always in my heart…You make me feel more loved than I’ve ever felt and happier than I’ve ever dreamed… The love and understanding you have is something I have searched for my entire life…In my happiest and saddest moments you are my confidante…Deep within my soul I know we would have a love like no other…What we could share is something others only hope for and dream of, but few ever experience…Our love would be magical beyond belief…You have reached the very depths of my soul…Bringing out emotions I never knew I had and unveiling an ability to love I never thought possible…Always and forever you will be my dream come true…The one I have waited for all these years…From now until the end of time, I will love only you…And wish that we will be together…Always…You fill my days with happiness and sunshine…I feel that we have this is special bond of a real true love…That only exists between you and me…You are the blossom of my flesh…You are the music of my soul…You are my passion and my desire that I adore…Just remember that I will always love you…Whether near or far…I will always truly be there for you in my thoughts…Cause my spirit will always be with you and I’m always near…In a place so strong, so very deep and so faithful and true…You’re the beating of my heart…And the very strength within my soul…You’re the only real true love…And you’re the hope and the magic that will never die…You are the answer to all my prayers…You are the perfect man of my dreams…And my heart beats only for you…Forever and always…You are the stars and the moon…The sunrise and dusks light…On a warm summers night…Twilight’s reflection on a tranquil lake…The glow of the sunrise of the world at daybreak…You’re the laughter I hear from a young child aglow…The whisper of an old man at peace and letting go…You’re my yesterdays memories and today’s reason to live…Tomorrow’s dreams of the future and all the love I have to give…You are my beginning and my end…You’re all I have in visions sight…Nothing has ever felt this good or this right…So take my hand and walk beside me all the days of our life…We are one and that’s all we can ever be because I’m a part of you and you are a part of me…And it’s written in the wind that we are meant to be…And whatever I say or do… I do it all because of you…It was ordained by fate that I’d find you and we’d fall deeply in love…And become one another’s soul mates…We belong together because fate never lies and there is no way in this world that our love, once it would blossom, ever dies…Our love, no one can tether and it can’t be restrained…Because we are meant to be together…I know that you are there…I can feel it deep within and as soon as you find me…Our love can begin…This passion burning in my soul is a fire burning bright…The moment I first saw you I knew it was love at first sight…
American lawyer William H Cooke has been up to his neck in dark, strange and true tales while doing research for his new book Witch Trials, Legends, & Lore of Maryland.
As to whether you look good in red lipstick does always depend on what you are wearing as well. If the outfit you are wearing is already a ‘look at me’ outfit then maybe wearing red lipstick might overkill the outfit but wearing red lipstick with something as classic as a little black dress or even just a t-shirt and jeans and keeping everything else understated means you will look classy and sexy.
10. Photographs of the existing façade and adjacent building 20-23
Except…
With a trial date on the horizon, Addy’s job description gets hazier by the second. She isn't sure if she should be a lawyer who is supposed to present the facts, a juror who is supposed to determine the truth or a private investigator who is supposed to expose insurance fraud.
I am not a dancer. I'll be plain. I'm a horribly laughable belly dancer and a bumbling ballerina. My brain might have been able to eventually learn flamenco, but my knees and feet would never have survived. For some reason, tango clicked for me. I can't tell you why, because some people find it very hard to learn. I think it's true of the adage, when you find the thing that suits you...
(It’s also still on tap if you want to try it, but it likely won’t last long.)
that he's surrounded by sparkles,
The future looks very bright for this group. Highly recommended.
“Did you find her?”
I received my goodies today!
I had some posts lined up to give you wonderful people, unfortunately, I had not hit save before my youngest son came over and decided to hit a few keys while I was in the other room getting dinner the other day. So, I'm winging it today, bare with me.
Blue Donkeys (mini-busses). A twisted part of me is looking forward to the macho camaraderie that sharing you sticky, cramped vehicles with 20 other people always brings. I can’t even count the number of friends you’ve made me. (regrettably no photo though)
“You are in shock Mr Jones,” Casey whispered, taking him by the hand, “come in.”
when you have a country where
I had been aware that the amygdala in the base of the brain, shared with reptiles, deals with the imperatives of the four Fs, and indeed I have experienced time appearing to slow down, where the amygdala under immediate threat takes over and lays down memories more quickly than the frontal lobe does. If the corpus callosum, the link between the hemispheres, inhibits communication between them, that could explain why writing sometimes seems to float up from my subconscious, or a “muse”: it comes from the other hemisphere.
It was a verbal chess match with the two opposing forces trying to get to the checkmate. Mr. Black is the spiritual man trying to find the good in people where Mr. White sees nothing but darkness. Mr. Black wants to save Mr. White from doing the same thing again the next day by having a lengthy discussion with him about faith, the human condition and man’s existence in the world.
Voila! Naturally-dyed, wool roving-covered rocks...embroidered with some of my favorite flowers. Morning glories, asters, and lilies of the valley were flowers that my grandmother grew in our little garden. I love having them around...they're so cheery.
Even though the commission’s mandate is to investigate crimes committed by military regimes during their rule from 1964 to 1985, it also includes an investigation of the crimes perpetrated before and after the military dictatorship. It is estimated that between 1964 and 1985, 475 people were forcibly disappeared, 50,000 imprisoned, and 20,000 tortured.
Despite accusations
One other thing I learned on the tour, in the jail's clinic: prison inmates are the only people in America with a constitutional right to unlimited, free, single-payer funded healthcare.
We have three categories for the things we don’t need anymore: sell, donate and throw or recycle.
Scott’s entire governorship has been about selling out the state’s entire public education apparatus to the well-connected. From charter school operators to testing corporations to phony voucher tax-breaks for businesses, Scott and guys like Alexander have made the state’s children into their own little cash cows. Alexander’s acquisition of Polytech is just the latest wink and a nod transaction.
SIDS is the leading cause of death among infants aged 1–12 months, and is the third leading cause overall of infant mortality in the United States
Now that we have determined that I again ask the question. From what do false religions arise? Using our verse, it is refusing to receive Paul’s testimony concerning Jesus Christ. This is akin to what he wrote to the Galatians in 1:8.
Wolves in sheep’s skin
I think I did pretty damn well
In the natural world, 90 billion goes a long way. But as we've discovered, a $90-billion investment to subsidize renewable energy sources in the natural world does surprisingly little. This amount, allocated in 2009's American Recovery and Reinvestment Act to subsidize green energy initiatives, has thus far yielded today's bustling "renewable-energy sector" that employs roughly 140,000 Americans. And even that dismal figure is wildly inflated. Consider that according to Hans Bader of the Examiner, "most of America's existing green jobs predate the Obama administration, which did not create them."
Do I deserve this good fortune, gamewise? I dunno. I’m basically a decent person who generally focuses his over emphasis on passion and outgoingness in good and positive directions, including into the games he devotes time to. Hey, anybody who has devoted a certain side section of their life since childhood to a hobby of pretend deserves a group like this, and it’s unfortunate not more get to experience that. I’m blessed, I tells ya! How long will it last?
There is nothing like it! This method of training beats slow moderate cardio any day. The reason this method of training works so well is because you use more energy and burn more fat and calories in the shortest amount of time!
I first tasted frog legs when I was a little kid. My dad and I would visit my uncle who owned a huge land property in the Philippine province of Pangasinan, about a two-hour drive from my hometown of Baguio City. I always thought that the delicious fried meat served at dinner was young chicken. It looked and tasted like it.
I am going to let that sink in for a moment.
In the 1932 elections, the Nazi upsurge amounted to 43.5% in the Breslau electoral division, 48% in Liegnitz - both in Lower Silesia - but only 29.2% in Upper Silesia, where the Catholic Centre remained strong. The Communists were also stronger in Upper Silesia than in Lower Silesia, though they only got 17% even there. As the world knows, in 1933, Paul von Hindenburg, the president after whom my mother's birthplace had been renamed, faced with the danger of civil war, decided to invite Adolf Hitler to become Chancellor. That was in January. On 27th February the Reichstag went up in flames, and the purge of the Left began. Communist and Social Democratic politicians were dragged off to 'wild' concentration camps, many of them murdered. Hermann Goering drafted a new law - to reform the civil service. The police came under this law, and my grandfather's career was severely threatened.
“For every Government consists of mere men and is, strictly viewed, a makeshift; if it adds to its commands ‘Thus saith the Lord’, it lies, and lies dangerously.”
Illustration of a European Robin by Paul Barruel (1901-1982)
Now combine this with our friend’s experience of walking to work. A steady cardio workout – only it wasn’t really – it was draining, exhausting and stressful right through winter in any weather: rain, snow, sleet or shine. And this coupled with the very real financial difficulties, the boiling sense of resentment against those who had cars, the sheer physical exhaustion from walking one and a half hours everyday out of necessity not choice caused a depressing reoccurrence of overeating and weight gain. Because the bottom line is: cardio exercise, steady raised heart beat (and it often was due to the run to get to work on time when late and the physical effort of trawling those bags uphill) made her hungry.
He took the photos and I worked on them in Photoshop. So see, we're a team. But don't tell him, though. He could care less. "I just take the photos", he says. "Sometimes they're good and sometimes they're not. It's just another day".
Cool. So, we've reworked the crib corner of the room. And its so nerdy, I mean masculine now:) Let's move on to the wall with the dresser/changing table. Our Ikea Hemnes 8 drawer dresser in white is a definite keeper. (I looove this dresser, I'm thinking I'll get another one for Maura when she moves into her big girl room and I might even get one for me in our master!)
They’re gone with no hope of returning
I loved having time to work on projects around the house and I loved being able to spend a day curled up under a doona cuddling my tiny baby and watching trashy TV when that was all I felt capable of.
I am seriously going to have to sack my diary manager. It was in there as plain as day even written in PEN.
The court needs to protect people who are highly dependent on others. We believe that cases of withdrawing life-sustaining treatment or care should be treated with great caution because if the person is being controlled by others, the outcome may be lethal.
What’s more, her face lacks the necessary expressiveness to sell this story, in particular Bella’s chooses to sacrifice herself so that her baby can live. In the book, Stephenie Meyer was able to convey Bella’s decision-making primarily having her narrate the story, but Condon and screenwriter forego first-person narration here, relying entirely on Stewart to put it across, and she fails the test. Stewart’s performance lacks any sign of interior monologue, so when she says she’ll let her vampire baby kill her so that it may live, it feels less like a conscious choice than obligation dictated by the original novel. And that’s a violation of one of the cardinal rules of adaptation- it’s not enough to repeat the original plot, unless you can make the story work in the new medium as well. If you need a book to explain the movie, then the filmmakers have dropped the ball.
Well, last week, I went there, and walked in and he was beaming at me....I smiled back and said to myself, "look around girl, dont miss whatever he's happy about"....well, I could not help but notice....he had put up new nets and drapes in the lounge and dinning room.....beautiful.....even if the drapes were the same colour that he already had, they were clean and fresh, made sooo much difference.
Marco held his hand against the steaming glass, searing the flesh but it would heal. He was still alive.
I also have memories of constantly fetching tennis balls from the back of the court whilst never managing to actually hit one back.
Beat everything together until combined and no large chunks of banana remain.
For the most part, it did not. The plot of bringing humpback whales into the future in which they are extinct reminds me of a more innocent version of global warming hysteria now. I say innocent because the inherent love for whales is so touchy feely, it is difficult to compare it to some of the more sinister population control ideas of global warming alarmists. It did not feel so much dated as gave me a nostalgic longing for those types of tree hugging environmentalists as opposed to the genocide to save the planet brand we have now.
If a character is missing, then there is also the opportunity to add your favourite.
“Yes I see, thank you.” The customs agent calls over another agent and they begin to talk in Chinese I think, “Wa wa wa wa Mr. David, wa wa wa American, wa wa wa Seoul.”
‘A new and top-secret Operative Unit of Europol has just been established. Its members call it the Op Cop group and Police Superintendent Paul Hjelm from Sweden is at the helm. Based in The Hague with connections and national units spread all over Europe, its mandate is to fight international crime. But although information about the Op Cop group is strictly confidential, there has been a leak. The body of a dead woman is found in a London park arranged in a bizarre position, and inside the body a message addressed to “The Operative Unit, Europol” is discovered. At the same time, a furniture manufacturer in Stockholm is doing business with the infamous Calabrian mafia; an American investment bank is moving unfathomable sums of money; the workers in a Chinese furniture factory are growing ill; and during a G20 summit in London, a dying man whispers a strange phrase in Arto Söderstedt’s ear. Somehow, it’s all connected. The Op Cop group heads out into a world where the Internet, social media, and the fluidity of national borders has globalized crime. The human greed, corruption and craving for power is the same. It has just found a larger arena’.
Treat those tootsies "I get a pedicure. It's a great time to read a book and let someone else rub my feet. Plus, my toes are ready for sandals now!"— Kay Kay Sharp, mother of Katie Beth, 11 months, Columbia, Tenn.
The most important issue of all is the message sent by a British government to the British people. That disabled children who aren't the most disabled of all will have their support cut to 'justify' increasing the support to the most severely disabled children by less than £2 a week. That newly disabled or seriously ill adults living alone will lose the money previously deemed vital to pay someone to provide care. That children with serious illnesses and disabilities will have their entitlement to National Insurance contributions removed. An entitlement previously supported by politicians of all parties as sending a crucial message of the inherent value of life. That people with serious illnesses such as Multiple Sclerosis, early onset Alzheimers or cancer will, after 12 months, no longer be entitled to the financial support they spent their working lives paying National Insurance for if their partner earns more than £7500 per year.
Now we look forward with faith, and we are ready to move ahead. Life is a collection of little circles. Concentric and interlocking.
Now wait a minute! He was talking to the Jews, the people of the covenant and He is calling them evil. Who does he think he is? These are God’s chosen people; these are the people of the book, of the temple and of the law. I mean if he wants to call the Gentiles evil that’s fine but to dare to call the Jews who understand the nuances of all the ceremonial sacrifices and cleansings and who observed the Sabbath. Why would he call them evil?
This book page rose is called "altered book art" it is a simple form of the art and if you ever want to see very extremely detailed pieces just Google the quote above and look at the images. With all this said this has been a very popular piece at in my window display I design for a local book store.
With Dante now attending a public charter school, hubby and I were faced with the fact that he was going to have to learn and recite the (stupid) Pledge of Allegiance everyday. We waffled with the notion of teaching it to him beforehand without the whole "under god" phrase since it was not part of the original pledge and since Dante only knows the word "god" as being a word that we don't yell or use because it may "hurt people's feelings".
A grip gripe.
Thinking back, the only time I really thought about giving up the violin was after joining the school’s club for a year and 5 months, where I was “promoted” into the school’s ensemble after a year of joining.
I just love the way the violin sounds. I love that the old people in church come up to me on Sunday mornings and tell me how much they enjoy the music. It's not because I'm so great; I just love that I can use my talents to serve.
My run/walk strategy turned, in this part of the race into a walk and occasionally run strategy. As it turned out many other runners were in the same situation and at times the course was more like a walking event rather than a running one. I was aching and my IT band in my left leg was causing me some considerable distress especially around the knee and big toe areas. I had to stop three of four times to stretch it out to get some relief. The pictures of me approaching the finish line are not particularly flattering as I look, to be frank, old and knackered. And I was.
OTK boots should be flat. For the normal peeps in the house, the high heel only accentuates the "lady of the evening" connotations and makes them less versatile. Because how many situations in DC call for that kind of boot? Besides visiting with David Vitter? Exactly.
The competion will be executed in following rounds
Hughes was a Yorkshireman, and the blood of the Danes runs thick in the veins of Yorkshire. Especially in the North Riding — the closer one gets to Whitby, the more natural blond hair in evidence, and the more obvious the Danish place names.
Like stated before, mobile journalism is the future. Eventually you will be able to do almost anything with your mobile phone, and we are pretty close to that right now. Almost every phone runs on 3G speed, with some companies like Verizon using 4G on select phones.
The costumes and jewelry at the V&A, London. What an amazing collection of clothes, from the 15th century on up. Wow, blows my mind every time I see it.
in our family no one person's feelings are more important than another's and it's really empowering not to hold big feelings, big cries, raging and upsets in a different light than the joy and laughter. they all have their place.
Make sure you head over to The Paper Bakery, to get all the details on how you play along with this months sketch challenge for your chance at an awesome prize pack!
Every year our local humane society has a fundraiser called Bark in the Park...we go each year, cause you know, I'm a big deal and it's not a party till I get there. So, it was a beautiful day and we loaded up and went.
Twenty-two Red Cardinals
So instead of measuring the effectiveness of that blog post by counting the 86 initial clicks, you need to factor in the long tail of more than 50,000 viewers.
I have two kids--ages 10 and 7--they play this horrible game in the car and it drives me crazy. It's called punch buggy. When they see a Volkswagen Bug, they scream (and I do mean scream) "punch buggy" and then the one that screams it clobbers/punches the other. Then they argue for 10 minutes (or at least until they see ANOTHER bug) about who saw it first and how one has a better view out the window, etc...When will this end? HELP ME!!!
It is well-written, interesting, fascinating at times and a ultimately triumphant. I think she would be an interesting person to chat with. The details of her life, and the life of the Satmars are interesting to contemplate and when you realize how little information and resources she had outside the community, it is amazing she was able to leave, though not a lot of details are provided about how that came about. I really feel for the people who are so isolated from the rest of society, for many reasons which Deborah goes into after she is married, most of which could be cleared up with a little information sharing!! Instead everything, at least from her point of view, is a big, scary mystery. Though, I need to remember that Deborah obviously wasn’t that close to any adult women who could help clear up and explain the facts of life to her. She had to struggle through and figure things out on her own and she hints that other women in her community do as well.
Hope that this flurry a resurgence in Arsenal’s attacking game faded quickly after the interval. Having ridden their luck, Chelsea were intent on strangling the life from this game in midfield, successfully as it turned out. Theo Walcott’s hamstring necessitated change with Gervinho coming on the for the stricken England international but it was introduction of Abou Diaby that gave Arsenal most direction. The tempo from midfield increased and the attacking impetus moved in Arsenal’s favour with the French internatonal almost capping his return to the side with a goal, his effort blocked before the net could ripple.
Well frail me, said Yul, storming off.
Smithson comes in to say goodbye; she will miss Miss Lucy and Mr. Jerry. She playfully scolds Burke for that "terrible tarradiddle" he made her tell about the green mist through the keyhole.
outside from inside
UMBC student Dagmawi Tilahun, from the Department of Chemical, Biochemical, and Environmental Engineering, presents “Low Cost Incubator/Warmer/Cooler/Transporter Design for Neonates.” Tilahun and project partner Kevin Tran were featured in a Baltimore Sun article on URCAD, which explained that their research grew out of an assignment from professor Govind Rao on the use of sensors in chemical engineering.
This is a treat, although it probably looks like a little brown bird. Yesterday, in my back yard, I snapped these pictures of Pooecetes gramineus, the Vesper Sparrow. (And how convenient that its name starts with V!) I keyed it out, and then checked with our local bird expert, and it really is a Vesper Sparrow, only an occasional visitor in our county.
In the evening, I headed back to Catcott. Fewer hirundines today, but as I arrived in the car, a brown hare lolloped along the track towards me, stopped, looked at me, then lolloped back along the track to a field. Should I follow? I've heard about these strange animal encounters on the Somerset Levels, but what the heck, so I followed. And where it entered the field, there in a bramble, my first whitethroat of the year singing away, not in an hurry to move off. (I'll enter these photos into the BBC Wildlife Magazine top wildlife photo competition I think)
The feeling of being trapped inside the body of the other sex causes great emotional pain. Many feel pressure from family members to conform to traditional gender roles. A transgender teen may suffer from harassment, which compounds the problems caused by gender dysphoria.
we’re house sitting, which feels a bit like being on vacation. we have consistent heat and internet access, and a big big kitchen to experiment in, and a cat, who is increasingly warming up to us.
After 45 minutes the potatoes and vegetables should be fork tender. If they’re not, cover the tray with the foil and pop them back in the oven for a few more minutes. If they are fork tender, place the sausages in there and pour the balsamic vinegar all over. Place the tray back in the oven, uncovered.
The weather here has been unusually hot the last few days for this time of year. My girls have been able to play in the backyard. They even played in the little swimming pool today. In even bought my kids a tether ball. They are truely having fun with it (including myself). However, This weather will be short lived. The rain will be back tonight for the rest of the week.
It's been a while again - oh well, I try... Thought I'd do a post including some of the Singin' part of my blog!
3. Explored the City of Waterport… Hrm… Nope… I guess that’s our next stop.
I think, BEST of all, was the chance to see all of the True Colors journals in one place, at one time. The organizer of the event, Nicole Steinam, thoughtfully gave all of us an extra hour to be alone with the journals, before the public arrived for the Panel Discussion. I don't think I will ever forget the scene of seeing all the attending artists circling the journals, lost in appreciation and exclaiming over all the details or a new-to-them page. It was a total love fest. For many of us, it was the chance to see how a journal had turned out - perhaps one we had worked on in the earliest stages.
Lip Butters have a higher percentage of butter (usually cocoa, mango and/or shea - but other butters like pistachio, macadamia, kokum, illipe and coffee bean may be used), creating a very rich, emollient product that absorbs into the skin, soothing, softening and replenishing moisture.
The PDP chieftain stated, “The President has distanced himself from what Azazi said. The honourable thing for Azazi is to leave. If he does not, Jonathan should remove him.”
Belle:; "You're going by the store right?"
But then a spanner was thrown in the works-
“It’s weathered such changes in the past so I don’t think we’ll have too many problems.
I have no idea what the problem could be.
"Careful," he said. "CAREFUL! Put in some more butter! Oh, no. You're cooking too many at once. TOO MANY! Turn them! NOW. We need more butter! Oh my God, where are we going to get more butter? They're going to STICK!! Careful, careful, CAREFUL! You NEVER listen to me when you're cooking."
Original Air Date: April 3, 2012
Penny’s newest trait—“I want to show Miss Katie, Mom”—is more than just a four-year old bringing toys to her teacher. It’s Penny inviting Miss Katie to share her life. It’s Penny, on some level, recognizing that she has something to give. It’s Penny showing love through a Cookie Monster Sticker. It’s Penny having a taste of joy.
This is no vacuous vacation from veracity; the V’s value is no vamp in the vision of the votaries which vilipend the virtuous; those viral visitants vacant of virtue..
...that I am not proud of my child's public spiritedness and caring nature, clearly he is late home because he is looking after Johnny/Craig/Rachel/Mel and in this case, Imran.
She raises the baggie over her head and starts explaining. "Hygiene nanites are tiny robotic cleaners that you disperse over your head.", she states as she upends the bag of nanites, letting them fall to her blonde hair.
I’ll share more details later, but Schizandra Book 2 (Schizandra and the Peruvian Jaguar) has also started knocking on my brain again. I realized earlier this week that its plot required a baseline awakening in order to free me to write a positive book that people could understand and embrace. A world filled with denial simply wouldn’t “get” the message, even when presented as fiction. Book 2 offers an alternate timeline leading up to 9/11, revealing aspects of the Sacred Time Continuum and the orgasmic birthing of new realities. I stopped writing when I got bogged down in explaining the illusory nature of government, the financial system, 9/11, and most of what the masses have accepted as reality since the Fall of Atlantis. I also stopped writing it because everything I wrote came true. Careful what you create! I wanted to write a positive book, and now, between Occupy, Anonymous, Facebook, solar flares and the ongoing awakening of humanity, I finally can. A tipping point of awareness has already occurred, freeing me from the need to explain what is. Rather, I can focus on what truly desires to be born.
Ancient cultures used Tea made with honey and cinnamon powder for longevity. 4 spoons of honey, 1 spoon of cinnamon powder and 3 cups of water are boiled to make this tea. The prescribed amount is to drink 1/4 cup, 3 times a day. It keeps the skin fresh and soft and slows down old age.
How does this pertain to you, you ask? Well, I've got some GREAT new designs listed and have a ton more to come! :D As of right now, I have all of my necklaces and about half of my bracelets listed. Earrings, Twilight-inspired designs, and "other" are coming soon.
and moved into the neighborhood.
The audience was a rather large one and initially they gave this diminutive songstress their undivided attention, taking in every moment of her angelic voice. She dropped a cover of Mental As Anything’s “Live It Up,” which actually came across as a rather broody and atmospheric number by a femme fatal, about a million light years away from the glistening pop of the eighties original. It received loud cheers but these soon dissipated when Groom switched over to the Autoharp. She would finish with “Siren Song” and “An Ache”.
Hoping you’d tell me about your night
Enwrought with gold and silver light,
The District Court ruled in their favor and ordered the banks to return the stolen properties with help from either Federal Marshals or the National Guard. But when no payments were made, the farmers declared involuntary Chapter Seven Bankruptcy against the Federal Land Bank and the Farmers Credit System. The banks appealed their case insisting they were not a business but a federal agency therefore they were not liable to pay the damages.
Spread the news this month:
Today we got our LOA!!!!!!
I lay my head on the pillow of your words
Ford Madox Ford, The Good Soldier – I’ve never tried Ford and I’m interested in World War I literature
Framestore (who have previously worked on high-end commercials as well as projects for Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows and Avatar) created the digital, arty animation by cutting out hundreds of images and allowing them to move independently within a defined 3D space. Every available element from each image was isolated and 'freed' from the backdrop, allowing them to move in dreamlike, illusory layers within the images.
I have had it on my “to do” list for a very long time to “let myself go” in this carefree way. I’m not sure I can quite explain what I mean because readers might not understand what obstacle could possibly ever prevent someone’s making small landscape sketches if she wanted to make them. Yet I have encountered some kind of strange prohibition inside my head that makes me procrastinate about a happy little thing like this. It’s like something that’s just too wonderful. Some deep engrained even misguided work ethic in my brain portrays this kind of little sketch as too wonderful — too much like chocolate — too much of an indulgence. I have to do other art “work” first.
Until Nixon found out Felt was the leaker in late 1972, he was considering Felt for the top job. Felt’s machinations and deceptions at the apex of the FBI make Nixon’s White House appear in retrospect to have been a cloistered convent of Carmelite nuns.
Paul knew well such fear for as an unbeliever, he faced the glorified Lord in Acts 9. He feared the wrath to come and in verse 6,
Here is Darcus Howe being interviewed by the BBC. With the benefit of hindsight he foresaw these riots coming and it is all because the police have been stopping and searching young black men like his 'angel' grandson for no reason at all.
So why did this story make me feel happy? I should hope it’s obvious. Gorilla Bananas cares about his human cousins and wants them to achieve their dreams. It tickles the cockles of my heart that Jenny has transformed her life by acquiring a pert behind.
Damon proves his acting chops and introduces the world to his ability to kick some ass. He performs most of his own stunts and does so believably, one intense battle scene at a time.
Again, there appear to be some infirmities. For one, I don’t see how merely having an Indian presence or focus shows knowledge of infringing activities. On the point about attributing knowledge to them since they insert ads, isn’t is possible that this is an automated system, where the ads are placed at the beginning of the video and there is no one actually going through the content to flag it as infringing? Neither does the court lay down any real standard in respect of the knowledge requirements, which is something I really hoped to emerge from this case. No reference was
Health Update:
I have on good authority that both documents were prepared by a former Roman Catholic priest. I do not know a whole lot about Donlan except that he comes from an Irish Catholic background and entered a Roman Catholic seminary at the age of 12 and left the seminary at the age of 24. He has a degree in canon law from Cardiff University and a doctorate in church history from Oxford. He was 30 years old when he left the Roman Catholic Church for the Episcopal Church. If Donlan’s “new model for a new day” is the old model of the Roman Catholic Church, I personally want nothing to do with it. Any Anglican body that adopted that model in my mind would cease to be Anglican.
Anyway that is all from me today, have a good Thursday, I'm away now with a nice cup of tea to play...I mean work!
You’re part of an intricate plan.
"I think it is fair to say these were isolated incidents.
Then I poured in the brownie batter. I have to admit that I "cheated" on the brownies. I used a boxed mix purchased at Aldi, then stirred in some chocolate chips to make them extra chocolaty. No apologies for the boxed mix. It made some delicious brownies.
One suspects that institutional self-maintenance is indeed a major driver here. And, apart from an inducement to support the Eurofighter sales effort, about which Autonomous Mind has some interesting comments, I think there is a strong climate change agenda here. Overall, there is a huge amount spent on climate change issues, with £10 million going directly to Pachauri's in-house operation and pension fund – TERI.
Excited and happy, as I become WE
And so I start running back through the woods, my barking dog by my side.
1 can cream of mushroom soup
Government-run health care will be used as a tool by government officials. As these programs always are. It will be used to punish political enemies, to reward friends, to entice supporters and -- always -- to aggregate more power.
Avery Brewing Company Collaboration Not Litigation Ale
While many are familiar with the stories of uprisings led by Nat Turner, Denmark Vesey and John Brown, a significantly fewer number of people know the story of revolutionaries Charles Deslondes, Harry Kenner, Kook and Quamana who led a group of enslaved Africans toward a vulnerable New Orleans during the annual Mardi Gras celebration in hopes of gaining their freedom. That is about to change.
I am beginning to question a few things about me, given this dream:
-will us then until they break and replace with fabric ones
And then — she shoves past me into my house and sits on my sofa and blabs at me for 30 minutes. And because I feel so badly about yelling and I worry so much about hurting anyone’s feelings, I can’t say what I really want to say, “Get the F**K out of my house and offa my yard!”
So is that who's visiting your blog right now really right? Iceland?! Are you kiddin' me? Europe? Those red things are hypnotic?
August 27 – September 24, 2006
Years of guidance through the night sky
Who are the important people in your husband’s life? Your kids, his parents, his friends? Be intentional about who you chat with when you brag on him – it’s almost as important as actually doing it.
Here's the flipped up end. You can see there are panels separated by strips. The panels are screens on which movies were projected. When we first walked in there were flower petals sweeping from the back side of the curve out to the edge, expanding as they moved to give an even greater impression of depth.
Mid February- still 6 weeks to go! Didn’t think I could get any bigger? Ha! Here I am standing on our home’s foundation, wishing the house would hurry and get finished so we could move in!
The menu came together just the day before for me - a combination of things I had in my mind for some time - they fitted together very well. For appetizers there was -
GIVEAWAY ALERT!
Last Saturday saw my NRL team, the all conquering Melbourne Storm claim a place in their third consecutive Grand Final. They lost the big one in 06 and then whipped the Sea Eagles last year. This comes on top of their finishing top of the ladder for the third successive year as well. It follows years of building a strong team from young but promising talent coupled with giving second chances to unwanted, discarded and ‘has-been’ players from other clubs. For those who don’t know, the National Rugby League is a primarily northern states based code born in northern England at the turn of the century as a working man’s alternative to the private school, big business sponsored Rugby Union.
My mother is visiting.
Quote: Do the right thing. It will gratify some people and astonish the rest. – Mark Twain.
sleepy time
designed by Betty Jo Designs
“I want our leadership to send a message that we are not a dumping ground. We are not a place to come to rob, do drugs and violent crimes.”
When I came up with Shine we both knew we’d hit on a great story and that gave her the confidence to give me a three-book deal. I’m writing stand-alone stories for girls age 9+, which are about ordinary girls who find themselves in extraordinary situations. It’s very exciting, so long as I bear that theme in mind I have pretty much free reign as to what to write about.
Your best is going to change from moment to moment; it will be different when you're healthy as opposed to sick. Under any circumstance, simply do your best, and you will avoid self-judgement, self-abuse, and regret.*
So, fancy winning a small Sugar Rush to celebrate? Yep? OK. This is what I'd like you to do:
Maybe one day the average westerner will understand the mentality of Southern African blacks. That they have never been interested in being equal to any other nation, least of all a predominantly white one. They want to consume everything in sight. And if it is difficult for some or other reason, it is bad and the white man’s fault.
“Like what?”
Many people write thinking it will be easy to get published. They write their manuscript and send it out the door. They think it is wonderful and the publisher will soon be knocking on their door with a contract.
Given these factors, here is my final prediction: European countries seeking to de-Islamize will move into Option 1 (Standard), supplemented as described above by small amounts of Option 2. As this proves insufficient (which it will) these tactics will segue into Option 1 (Enhanced). In some countries more and more Option 3-type violence will be incorporated. After a period of unspecified time, the will of the Muslim population of the country under consideration will be broken, and decreased resistance from that Muslim population will allow a successful end to de-Islamization through a reversion to Option 1 (Enhanced). There will be no need of a further application of violent tactics.
$30 ramen noodles
A niggling idea for a novel about the Lady Gaga phenomenon plants itself in my brain after a lecture I attended which included a screening of the 'Alejandro' and 'Bad Romance' videos. And I think, 'Hey, NaNoWriMo is next month.'
In an effort to learn more about the politics, language, current history, past history, sports, culture, and even humor of Peru, I have decided to periodically buy newspapers to help me better understand this country.
I've been in a bad mood lately, got some things going on. As you all know, the age old remedy for a bad mood is supposed to be laughter so I've prescribed myself some. I'd like to share it with you. These are called Tom Swifties. They were originated by Edward Stratemeyer in a series of cartoons in the 1920's.
But this is nothing new – Latin Link has known this for a long time. Over ten years ago, Latin Link brought their first Latin American ‘reverse missionaries’ to Britain. They are serving God through the local church in some of the toughest places in our cities, especially among groups of migrants and those whom the church has found hardest to reach. And they didn’t go home after three weeks, they are still here, seeing God do extraordinary things!
This was the most exciting day out I’ve had in ages. I’ll offer 20 to 1 odds that days 2 and 3 will be more exciting than this. Any takers?
Simple truth
Well everyone, we've got a GRAND PRIZE BOOK WINNER! For those of you who have been hanging around here on MaNiC MoMMy for a while, you know that my passion is books, and I love doing book reviews and sharing fabulous authors with you and being able to give away great reads. Since last March I've been fortunate enough to hold some really fun book promotions ... there was the March Madness one where I went crazy and offered a book a day for like 43 days. Then I did a June Blast of Books and gave away about 15 books very quickly. Now just since September, we've just finished the Fall Fab Book Giveaway where 27 or so books were showcased here.
Non-monthly bills: oil, taxes
It creeps in, plants a seed and grows
Tomorrow I’m sending out new orders to some of our field commanders. We’ve lost a lot of soldiers over the last year or so – in Vashj’ir, in Twilight Highlands, in Deepholm… Most of the time we recover the bodies and bring them home, give the fallen the burial they deserve. Sometimes, though, there’s no body found. People just disappear. And after a while, they wind up on the rolls of the dead.
Where it is a challenge for the average person to read and absorb the principles of Einstein’s theory, it must be a challenge in the world of physics to attempt to explain these concepts in terms that a lay audience might be able to comprehend. The objective of this book then must be to achieve this through the theory and how it works in practice. The authors largely do this rather well. You find yourself nodding at the examples when the theory is being explained but when we get to the bigger ideas, the wider picture your head does start to ache. Not, it seems because it is difficult to understand, but because the actual theory goes against what our eyes are telling us most of the time. To fully grasp the concept you must break the individual-centric view and that is the largest obstacle to overcome. I hate to say “go with it” because that is not what the authors want. They need you to understand one chapter and fully get it before moving on with the next – and that is the biggest challenge here. It is easy to understand at the time you are reading it but a few pages down the line what once made sense can easily be lost to you.
First up we have Carrie Underwood singing some off tune song. Seriously, sounds like she's having mega microphone problems. Also, she's one of few people I know here, and they put her up first? Well, guess she's happy that her Predator is going to make the playoffs this year, for the first time in a while (that sounds wrong, but I don't care).
When Atlantic Yards was announced 12/10/03, backers said that arena would begin development in 2004. It's more than two years late.
is the saddened softened light
07/06/2007 94.34
1/4 c mild olive oil or (parve) margarine
First of all when eggs are laid, they are covered with a thin oil coating that makes the shell impermeable to water (and therefore bacteria.) Because of this, you don’t need to refrigerate an unwashed egg for up to a few (3 tops) days. (Of course I tell people that they shouldn’t ever leave any eggs in a very hot kitchen or in direct sunlight.)
All in all, it was quite a night. But despite my lack of fear at the time, my brush with the w*nker has left me feeling disconcerted. Yuck.
The first thing about her suggestion that surprised me was its implication that Belgian politicians sleep with their wives, rather than inflicting their sweaty flesh on call girls or rent boys. Yet another thing for Belgium to be proud of, along with Tin Tin, Poirot and Van Dammed.
Huzzah, just arrived a couple of days ago. Unfortunately, I’ve been very busy so I haven’t actually got the time to watch it; only been marvelling over the packaging – though I can at least find the time to rip the OST to listen to while I’m doing stuffs.
Working 8 a.m. to around 5:30 p.m. gives me a lot more time with my family as well. I had the entire week off between Christmas and New Year’s Day for the first time in 29 years. The pace of work is quite different, but it was an easy adjustment.
O, that lone flower recalled to me
That moment when you’re standing in front of the class,
world in His day. If you are a student, you are the light of your school. If
Using some of the most famous Marian sites around the world for his “set”, Father Barron certainly made his point … and he did it charitably, sweetly, and in a genuinely Catholic way … just as Mary always has.
- Me + Fashion = disaster to the the thousandth power.
This deep gate of God
that he wasn’t heard no matter how much he wept and prayed and no matter how reverent his submission.
4.blessing of the state (extended mix)
Relationships & Dating
On a less happy note, he's pretty much stopped taking his second nap so he's down to just 1 nap a day. Which wouldn't be so bad if it was long like everyone says happens when they switch to 1 nap. Nope, not for him. Sometimes it's even shorter than when he had 2, ugh! I'm having a hard time getting things done lately. I have lots of things I'd love to blog about, but I can't find the time. I don't know how all you other moms do it. Anyways, not complaining, just sayin'! I love my little Gray so much and am so happy to get to be his mommy. :)
A citizen's income would create vast spending power amongst the poor and this could have a large multiplier effect in the country. South Africa does, however, present some very serious problems. In the first place there is the question of financing a citizen's income from the taxes of an impoverishing nation. In the second place there is the problem that most spending by poor communities occurs outside the community in urban and metropolitan areas. Some of the spending also goes to imported goods with a zero multiplier effect.
While my knowledge of limericks is slim
The 1980's was a great decade. I graduated high school. I graduated college. I lived in New York City. MTV landed with a splash. The music video sprung to life. And a young man with spiky blond hair who screamed as part of the song caught my full attention.
Moist britches and classic early hardcore is what Mutha Records 004 is all about. They released this fantastic LP in '83. These neighbors of Snookie took New Jersey and put it on wax. Harder, faster and rageful with a different approach and admirable song writing S & M. Most would say one of the best hardcore records from the NJ hordes. Singer Jacko Monahan later went on and joined Dirge.
Level 9: MP Cost: 25, Damage: 226%, Attacks up to 6 enemies 3 times, 9% chance to stun the enemy for 2 seconds.
TCI: Have your non-Parenthetical Girls projects played a role in the way the music? For instance, you did a very extravagant play in Austria with an experimental theater trope?
The BMW X1 sDrive28i and X1 xDrive28i will retail for $31,545 and $33,245 respectively while the X1 xDrive35i will start at $39,345. All prices include $895 Destination and Handling.
Above - Fencing beginning to be erected outside the top of Greenwich Park (Equestrian Olympic Site) on Blackheath - Circus field.
"what a strange day today,
Lastly, shot placement, mental acuity, and gun speed all still matter over caliber.
Could it stand to reason that the same demand applies to young adult fiction? The mystical world of monsters, magic, and teen angst only rings true to those with flowing hair and ivory skin, and my question is why?
This is easier said than done. The distance is about 350km; there are no tow trucks in the countryside (the truck that took us the 30km from the breakdown site to the nearest town is a brick lorry).
Toxic thoughts create the release of toxic chemicals known as stress hormones in our bodies. The energy of anger and resentment is a powerful trigger for these neurotransmitters. Over time, a buildup of toxic energies in our minds and bodies inevitably lead to illness. Every body is different and so is every mind, however the way in which the health of our bodies respond to these toxic stressors are remarkably similar across the board. If you want to be a healthier person then you must adopt healthier thoughts.
Just a little bit about these ingredients and their benefits:
Do you collaborate with the Reggio Emilia main institution in Italy?
PERSONAL THOUGHTS:
This painting is a revision on the original, completed three or four years back.
It was a bank holiday, in a basically residential area. This is simply ridiculous, and exceptional bad manners.
How high of a standard do you hold yourself to?
I hope the videos are helping you learn my heart and not throwing you off.
There is absolutely no romance. Book fans, I'm sorry. No Cottia. *sniffs* But it's alright, and in fact the absence of any romance is a refreshing thing. (Aside from the fact that one could call the film a bromance, but that's beside the point.)
Wukiutschu
I take on board a little of everyone
In 2009, the program had several participants visiting 35 different countries around the world including India, Mexico, the United Arab Emirates, the U.S. and the Northwest Territories, “Senior bureaucrats are flying around the world on lavish multi-destination trips on the taxpayer dime, all under the guise of ‘leadership training,’ and seeing how bureaucrats handle their jobs in other countries,” This is not new for too many Civil servants in too any municipal and provincial governments did, do the same thing, even in Calgary Alberta.
October 2, 2011 7:07 AM
Cards and scrapbooking have been my hobby since 2003, but when I got my own blog in 2008 it really start to be a lifestyle and a passion :)
Even though I wrote recently about feeling ready to marry again, when I’m honest with myself, I know that I still have a lot of fear there. Having one’s first marriage crash and burn can make you a little gun-shy, I guess. I’m so much more aware this time around of the potential for error and the possibility for hurt. The first time around even the concept of failure was so foreign to me that it never once entered my thought process. This time I know that even with the best of intentions, even with all the love in the world, things can sometimes still go wrong.
Makeup: The Iron Lady
A paperback book published by U.S. News & World Reportin 1970 titled Communism and the New Left describes demonstrators embracing leaders such as Che Guevara, Castro, and Mao Tse-tung as the civil unrest of the late 1960s unfolded. The compilation of magazine reports link the 1968 protests, for example, with the resurgence of Marxist and Communist principles, and further link the leadership of the protesters with those ideologies.
here are the most recent things which have made
A child came with her mother to witness, reading Shel Silverstein.
school holidays for the last 2 weeks here. been hangin with my lil sis for the last week which was awesome LOL didn't want her to leave.
It didn’t matter. For him, a lifetime of dissappointments, a difficult childhood and an uncertain future was too much for him to handle and my love wasn’t going to be enough to pull him out of what was taking him over. He feared his string of bad luck was contagious, and would eventually find me too. He didn’t want to “bring me down.”
Have we given you any ideas on how to play havoc with the loved ones in your life this April Fool’s Day?
Of the living expression that has taken my heart
Actress Natalie Wood died from an apparent boating accident that occurred on the Splendour, a yacht owned by her and her then husband, Robert Wagner. Christopher Walken was also aboard, lurking around. Rumor had it that Walken and Wood were having an affair during the filming of their movie, Brainstorm. As the story went, all three got liquored up and Natalie, for some unknown reason, found herself out on deck, late at night, in her night-gown to tie down a dingy. Moments later she fell over board and drowned. (Now you all know the answer to the question, What kind of wood doesn’t float?)
The questions haunted her: Is Jesus the only way to God? Would a loving God torment people for eternity? Is there any evidence of God at all? And one day, she crossed a line.
-Odor causing bacteria destroyed in kitchen and bath
Sally Turlington It would either be encaustics because I love the smell of wax as well as the muted look and nostalgic feel of it OR it would be wall hangings or assemblages or some kind of art (besides art jewelry) with metal because using all those heavy duty, REAL tools is so macho or groovy or something impressive -- for a girl! LOL.
She has mixed feelings when she hears the strange tales about the princesses and the people lying sleeping in the tower. The people won't wake up, they're just like vegetables While it's horrible, if Reveka can figure out the mystery, she'll have a dowry big enough to make her dreams come true.
If I owe you money, honey, get in line
Kaiser Transparent Diecuts
Some of you might recall that we received a gift certificate @ Christmas for a stay in this New Orleans Bed & Breakfast..............
For this next challenge we are lucky enough to have Inktegrity as our sponsor. They are giving the winner a $10 Gift Certificate to use in their store. Thanks so much!
We are pleased to present this opportunity for you to gain firsthand information from the Agency for Persons with Disabilities. APD Area 15 Administrator Gerry Driscoll will provide updates on current issues and future plans.
Add all the ingredients under paneer balls except oil ,together and make walnut size balls.Heat oil and deep fry in medium flame till brown in colour.Remove the paneer balls from oil and strain the excess oil on paper towel.Keep the fried paneer balls aside.
In 1989 the National Trust began an ambitious restoration project which involved dismantling much of the building and recording its construction methods before rebuilding it. The project ended in 2004 after uncovering numerous examples of structural and ornamental features which had been covered up by later additions. It is estimated to have cost in excess of £10million.
- Use ShowMe as an interactive whiteboard substitute Implement a “flipped classroom”
Yaourti Me Meli- Yia-6urti Me Meli
I wonder then about my own history and my interpretation of the events and characters that have formed my existence. What do I know about myself or my story? Really?
What you do:
It’s a pity I gave up smoking. There was a time when cigarettes made me intelligent, when with a cigarette in one hand and a drink in the other (preferably alcoholic), I could expatiate and expound on the theory of existentialism.
White Labs WLP530 Abbey Ale yeast
You know how sometimes you see the preview for a movie, and the funny parts are hilarious, so you go see the movie only to find out that the only funny parts were in the preview? Well, Going is not like that at all. This was one of the funniest chick flicks I've seen in a long time. Barrymore and Long have great chemistry (probably because they used to date), and their quirky slightly awkward personalities really shine in the dialogue and humor of this romantic comedy. So, ladies, if you're fans of the chick flick genre, then leave the boys at home this weekend, and check out Going. I will definitely be buying this one when it comes out on DVD.
Waiting for Sunday and Anna was not easy. I had never done something so impulsive in my life. At least not something this important. You just do not take decisions of this magnitude on an impulse. But I did. I was in love, totally besotted and incapable of rational thought. We were both 60 years old – a sure proof you can fall in love at 60 as easily as at 16. I knew with a certainty that brooked no argument that I wanted this woman at my side for the rest of my life. I sent her text messages. I told my family. I told the dogs. I hunted for more people with whom to share this extraordinary feeling. I was also scared that she would change her mind.
Seizing upon the opportunity, another student carefully slid the yardstick behind the screaming teacher, and passed it along the aisle student by student.
Hi everyone! Hope you are all having a great day. I would like to share this card I made for the challenge at Craft Spot by Kimberly. The challenge is to make something with a bird. Here is my birdie card. I think it meets the requirements. Don't you?
6. Take a plate that’s larger than your pan and cover your pan.
Hello people!
It seems fairly obvious to me that blending is a good thing, I mean why not? Take some good beers, unique recipes, several ingredients. Then mix them, with other beers, with care which also have several ingredients. Find the best combination. Sell the fucker.
Repair!
You can see I am wearing my name on my shirt again, which will now forever be dubbed the “JuJu Shirt.” As I mentioned, I wore this shirt in the 2009 NYC Marathon and I wrote my name on it so people would call my name out and it would lift and encourage me-which it did. Unfortunately, my marathon time was disappointing for a number of reasons and since that day in November over 2 years ago, I hadn’t worn it. Mostly, because it has my name on it and I don’t want to run around town and have people think I’m a twit. But also, there’s a part of me that thinks it’s got some bad juju associated with it. Ladies and gentlemen, sit back and behold a classic husband-wife/Doug-Kristi conversation about the shirt.
your voice’s glass dust
I can’t describe that Tom must have instantly said yes as there is alot to think about… It is a tough decision to make, being offered a job for something you’ve always wanted… but leaving everything behind. All the friends, not to mention his children’s friends, all the family, everything.. He sold his house and is now living in Texas! But at the same time, I am proud and, as I have said repeatedly in this post now, words cannot describe my praise and how I feel for Tom! He really does deserve this!
at Halloween, but not me. I like the cute little
The sexual tension between Fallon and Lucas is electrifying as Lucas tries to convince Fallon that he is a changed man. Fallon tries to resist Lucas, but it is so hard when all her body wants is his. But when Lucas finds out that Fallon has been keeping a huge secret from him, the game he is playing stops and penalties are called.
After three years, Hel is recruited out of his cell by the US Intelligence Service. They are in desperate need of an agent able to cause severe discord between Russia and China. They need someone who has nothing to lose, who has European features, and can speak fluent Chinese and Russian. Hel succeeds in his mission, taking for payment the names and locations of those who tortured him, and goes on to become one of the highest-paid and most skillful assassin in the world.
Today's post is doing double duty... I'm sharing with you 2 of the cards created with our February SOTM (I'll be back with the full reveal soon... still catching up from our trip to CHA!) AND they just happen to be two of the cards that will be featured in our "Kissing Booth Card Class" this week!
I didn’t sit to one side and give yet another bridge
I was a collegiate soccer goalkeeper. I was drawn to BRBP by the heavens...
And because these daft and dewy-eyed dopes keep building up impossible hopes
is Ireland..
2 swing
DITTO, —Undress.
When I was twelve, our mother petitioned the court and regained custody of Margaret and me. We had no idea of why or how after all of this time. We were excited and happy, and talked about it constantly until the day our mother came for us. I think now that it must have been painful for the other children in our cottage who had no parents to come for them. I recall some of the girls watching through the windows as we were leaving.
I’m gradually starting to add activities back into my life. Doing so is helping me return to a state of normalcy. I’m continuing to work on my feelings in order to no longer miss my wife. Yet, that need to love and be loved remains.
The controls are again well done despite being tweaked. Jump was moved to X and R2 is now for grenades and the like. Very smart decisions all around.
Schnibbles pattern: A Little Bit Country
Rotation. This is especially bad if the player has been visiting EJ. That is high-level advice for insane robots with positronic brains. It is not for you. Opening with Ambush? Pointless! Using Rupture? DPS loss! While levelling, trash goes like this: Sprint in, spam Sinister Strike, keep up Slice and Dice with whatever combo points you have whenever it’s about to expire. On a boss, you can really stretch your wings with… Sinister Strike spam, Revealing Strike at 4 combo points if you have it, and then Eviscerate at 5. Oh, and keep SnD up with whatever points you have when it’s about to expire.
I’ll save Alabama Shakes to “If you haven’t, you should”!! Watch for it!
Is but a Law of Nature:
To state the opening question another way, perhaps more in line with my own religious tradition, let’s try “What is the chief end of man?” The catechism teaches us that it is to “glorify God and enjoy him forever.” I assume that the target audience of this post will agree with the catechism on this point. If you don’t, go read John Piper and come back later.
Despite a significant contraction of the economy during 2008/9 unemployment did not reach the levels expected by many forecasters as employers ‘held’ labour, using short-time working, ‘voluntary’ lay-offs and in some cases by making pay cuts. CIPD report an end to a ‘wait and see’ attitude and instead employers ‘pushing the redundancy button’. Nearly a third of its respondents in the private sector plan to make redundancies. It also reports that six out of ten are not planning to create any new jobs in the next three months months(www.cipd.co.uk/pressoffice/_articles/LMOrelease130212).
gunmen who invaded his house
And thereby we find Lord Astor reiterating the reasons why the coalition efforts must fail. On the one hand, the separation of military and political efforts defies sense, failing as it does to recognise the Clausewitz teaching. But, worse still, the flaw is in seeking an "Afghan-led political process", which is still further separated from the military effort.
Nokia Maps 2.0 Touch application
Kissing fingers while fantasy lingers like smoke from the bonfire of long gone winters.
and decorative ironwork balconies
His rep told E! News, “Macaulay Culkin is in perfectly good health. For Entertainment Tonight—or any other media outlet —to speculate otherwise is reckless, irresponsible and destructive. We implore them to discontinue the rumor.”
I'm linking up to the fun parties in my links tab...go see what everyone else is creating!!
And that's it for this sale :-) I hope there is something there that catches your eye :-).
Next, decide whether you want any beverage and extra add on. I chose an add on, another super sinful side. I ordered the Cheddar and Chilly Fries. It's really not bad but mind you that it is ultra-filling. So I only ate as much I could since I wanted to try it out.
The shoot didn't quite turn out as I had envisioned, but due to a certain little non-napping girl I think we did okay.
Yeats' secondary emotion upon the loss of his beard won't be a surprise either, at least not to those familiar with his spiritualism, his Theosophy, and his susceptibility to anyone with a Ouija board tucked under her arm. Invoking the name of London's most notorious spiritualist, Yeats continues his letter: "Madame Blavatsky promised me a bad illness of three months through the loss of the mesmeric force that collects in a beard."
27 min: Spurs should be in front! Bogdan spilled a long-range shot from Bale. Van der Vaart collected the rebound but failed to summon enough composure to stick it in the net, instead blasting it at the keeper who got up to bat it away.
I started with the same base as the Desert Crystal necklace, but this time, I stitched bezels for three Swarovski stones directly into the right-angle weave. Then I added a heck of a lot of Lucite from The Hole Bead Shop, dangled a ginormous crystal pendant from the center of the necklace, and added a magnetic clasp.
What more can I say? It’s tricky, fascinating and hypnotic! Give it a try. I chose the live version of the second track because otherwise I really get the feeling the music sounds a bit too alien for comfort. Seeing it played live, by humans, softens it slightly.
“I can’t take it anymore.. Someone, please save me….
I can't tell you how long it's been since I really was able to attend church. I mean, sure, we go each week, I'm hardly inactive, but when you're stuck in the hallway during classes with a playful toddler and getting the family ready to go is such a chore, and sacrament meeting is a lost cause you feel like you never get any spiritual uplift from church.
You ever have one of those days when just about everything goes wrong?
One bright day – a beautiful day, a day of sunshine and trees bending to and fro at the mastery of the wind. The train came, the dogs gave chase, but did not return.
The Captain might see himself as a blood-thirsty, salt-encrusted sea-dog but he and his crew are more interested in slicing up joints of meat on his ship’s celebratory Ham Night feasts than dividing chests of ill-gotten doubloons. With his luxuriant beard and puffy shirt, The Captain has long held a dream to be crowned Pirate of the Year but faces stiff competition from his more daring rivals, including Black Bellamy (Jeremy Piven) and Cutlass Liz (Salma Hayek).
There are so many things that make this book great. One thing is how realistic and relatable it is. I’m reading this whole book thinking “Wow I have definitely been there before.” The story is real, tbe place is real, the characters are real. I feel like I really know these characters and I could tell you about them as if they were someone I’ve known for quite some time. They may be fictional characters, but they have very real personalities.
(Fred Talking)
Did I just seriously do all those fancy calculations for you? Yeah, that's in case you haven't been in a math class in, oh, EVER :)
I keep this on the floor next to the bed. When she wakes up, I grab it, throw it behind me, and presto chango I have support to sit up and nurse without having to rearrange every pillow on the bed! Seriously, night nursing has become so much easier thanks to this. Now if only I can master nursing while lying down....
Best of all, the word has gotten out and folks all over the country are using them for a wide variety of applications from street performance to extreme racing endeavors. That’s a really good thing.
Soon after, the president met with US troops at Bagram Air Force Base and addressed them with compassion and forthrightness. “I know the battle’s not yet over. Some of your buddies are going to get injured and some of your buddies may get killed and there will be heartbreak and pain and difficulty ahead. But there’s light on the horizon because of the sacrifices you’ve made.” He ended, “I could not be prouder to be your commander-in-chief.”
HOMEMADE SUGAR SCRUB - This is easy, cheap and if you make extra, it keeps beautifully in the freezer. Use once or twice a week all over, even on your lips. Mojito Body Scrub (leave out the mint and lime for unscented)
His methods are those of a journalist, but his focus is on first principles, the realm of the philosopher.
"Are you like Charles?" Meg asked.
*If so, do we stop to appreciate it?
Gyoza
15.THE JAM - Down in The Tube Station at Midnight
The question of whether excited delirium (ED) is a real medical condition is way above my pay-grade. But in reality, police officers find themselves refereeing an aetiological debate by arbitrating various doctors’ views. Decisions about how to respond to someone suffering from this ‘syndrome’ contain no shades of grey: because ED (syndrome) is either a real medical condition which needs to be regarded as a medical and psychiatric emergency where life may be at risk, or it is not.
But I am not shy. I’m curious and often genuinely interested in people. I can be outgoing, I can be a social butterfly. But not 24/7. And if I ever have to fake it, I feel out of place.
Hannah Curio x
Now with Sunny out of the ‘Bigg Boss’ house, the porn star has been devoting her time to the film. Both Pooja and Mahesh Bhatt want Sunny to strip naked for the opening scene of the film.
One of the best things you can do for those who aren’t Christians is to teach them how to pray. Most people want to, but aren’t sure how.
There are two main reasons a product would show up as "Sold Out" on our site;
January 18 UPDATE:
Twitter is a social networking medium I can get behind. I tend to lose interest in the various blogs I start because writing posts can be long and arduous; with Twitter, my posts are 140 characters, which is too short for me to get bored. My primary use of twitter, however, is as sort of semi-synchronous chat– I will respond to a link that one of the people I’m following has posted, or post a topic of my own, and engage in back-and-forths with various people. Mostly I talk about Archives, Politics, and Magic (not necessarily in that order) on my own feed, but the nice thing about Twitter is that you don’t feel as constrained as you do on a blog to stay on-message; you can basically talk about whatever strikes your fancy.
Vice Admiral Justin “Dan” D. McCarthy, SC, USN (Ret.)
Yeah. Yeah, I guess it IS a good thing she was skinny. Because being fat is soooo unfortunate. And I'm taking up sooooo much room with my 45 inch hips and 42 inch waist and my great, big, HUGE, 13 inch neck! (It's always 13 inches when my trainer measures it. It's weird.)
4 Tbsp. vegetable oil or melted non-dairy margarine
Hair: Boudoir – Irena
So it seems that Old Scratch was going to have a much harder time of finding new souls to grab hold of.
Tin Foil for wrapping
“Of that gallant band, male and female knew that the enemy forces around were implacable, and were not only ready to fight, but to kill. Denied even water for the children, they remained parched under the burning sun and scorching sands, yet not one faltered for a moment. Husain marched with his little company, not to glory, not to power of wealth, but to a supreme sacrifice, and every member bravely faced the greatest odds without flinching.”
I’ve met someone.
6. Any pets?
Bleach 489 (10:53 — 13:10)
paying too high
beaded curtains. They tinkle invisibly.
I didn't get a chance until now to write up something about the terrific beer tasting I went to back in August at the Sharp Edge Creekhouse. You can check it out at The Hop Press.
In standing by his statement, the DAP vice-chairman said yesterday that he was merely voicing out his views on something which he believed in.
8:30am: Big Business
What matters more than WHICH path you follow, is HOW you follow it.
Libraries are never forced to take “bundled” packages; they always have the option to purchase individual articles, subscribe to titles, or subscribe to sets of journals. Most choose large collections, however, because they get substantial volume discounts that offer more titles at a lower cost. And the additional titles they subscribe to are used by their researchers. In fact, on average approximately 40% of researchers’ usage is of journal titles that the library previously had not subscribed to.
453110 Florists
I'm sorry I'm so long in blogging, I really am trying to be better. I have so many plans for blog entries that never come to life. I need to do some product reviews... talk about house projects... all kinds of things but I never seem to find the time to sit down and write them out. I get distracted by long 18th century Scottish time traveling novels or WWI era mini-series on PBS. Some day I really will have an interesting blog.
The cemetery expanded its offerings to include a full mortuary as a part of an evolving business plan presented to the City Council in April of 2009 that aims to both minimize the strain on its clients and help the municipal cemetery pay for itself.
with the comfort we ourselves have received from God.
Is it because the writing feels so realistic? I try to hope that it's a good sign when it comes to my own writing that people make the comment but it still feels weird at times. While there are things that we base on real life, interactions, some dialogue, character traits, etc... There is a bit of a difference between life-like and fact.
What my parents didn’t tell me, was that they’d paid $2000 for my violin.
"Ladies and Gentlemen, this ends our ceremony. Please pick up your
Spread 1 cup of buffalo ranch sauce on the bottom of a 9 by 12-inch baking dish. Layer 3 noodles on top of the sauce and spread half of the ricotta mixture. Spread half a cup of buffalo ranch chicken on that. Repeat a second layer again with 3 noodles, the other half of ricotta and half a cup of sauce. Layer the final 3 noodles on top of that. Spread the remaining 1/2 cups of sauce over the lasagna rolls. Top with the cheeses, cover loosely with foil, and bake for 45 minutes. Uncover and bake for 15 minutes more.
-Though I've only tried 1% of the recipes, so far so good.
(b) assess on an ongoing basis the capability of the domestic industrial and technological base to satisfy requirements in peacetime and times of national emergency, specifically evaluating the availability of the most critical resource and production sources, including subcontractors and suppliers, materials, skilled labor, and professional and technical personnel; - White House
When I was 16 I thought it was my Dad’s goal in life to make me miserable. I was convinced that he had a running list of all the ways he could embarrass me in front of my friends, trick me into doing more chores or make my curfew earlier.
“Nevertheless, the notion eventually took hold that Communion could not be received until the age of reason, even though infant Communion in the Latin rite continued in some parts of the West until the 16th century. Though the Fathers of Trent (Session XXI,4) denied the necessity of infant Communion, they refused to agree with those who said it was useless and inefficacious — realizing undoubtedly that the exact same arguments used against infant Communion could also be used against infant baptism, because for over ten centuries in the West, the same theology was used to justify both! For the Byzantine rite, on December 23, 1534, Paul III explicitly confirmed the Italo-Albanian custom of administering Communion to infants….So the plain facts of history show that for 1200 years the universal practice of the entire Church of East and West was to communicate infants. Hence, to advance doctrinal arguments against infant Communion is to assert that the sacramental teaching and practice of the Roman Church was in error for 1200 years. Infant Communion was not only permitted in the Roman Church, at one time the supreme magisterium taught that it was necessary for salvation. In the Latin Church the practice was not suppressed by any doctrinal or pastoral decision, but simply died out. Only later, in the 13th century, was the ‘age of reason’ theory advanced to support the innovation of baptizing infants without also giving them Communion. So the “age of reason” requirement for Communion is a medieval Western pastoral innovation, not a doctrinal argument. And the true ancient tradition of the whole Catholic Church is to give Communion to infants. Present Latin usage is a medieval innovation.” (Emphasis added) (Text from here.)
Almost all cats are fascinated by the sound of a paper bag, and every cat owner has probably witnessed the familiar scene of bringing home something from the store and watching the cat turn the bag into a toy.
white noise
2/1 Update: A reader replied to this posting, urging that family members can and should prepare for the tasks involved in caregiving. As she noted, “Caregiver training is available in classes in many communities; online caregiver training is also available though the Institute for Professional Care Education, www.IPCed.com… (t)he 40 hour comprehensive online Personal Care Aide Certification course is designed to help the home caregiver provide care longer, with less stress, than on-the-job learning yields. Details: www.IPCed.com.” Thank you for your comment!
LOLA is the higher end Forever21. The prices are reasonable and won’t break mommy and daddy’s bank account.
You can see on the third peak how the layers blending more and more, and you notice the streaks less and less. Sometimes I'll come back with the blue and add another light layer after I added the second color, just to get it a little smoother.
I felt like I was probably leaking when I was doing Pike Press because I have to bend over with my butt in the air, but I don’t think I had much (black panties). I’d say it’s okay. Maybe I want to use one of those “sports” tampons instead if I’m not working out at home and am worried about queefing in public. But I think putting it in correctly and aaaalll the way in (as in not letting it just kind of shift back naturally) is good enough.
Unfortunately, four months later came the second layoff. The office was a satellite. The main office was in Worcester MA, and the Denver office, where I was working, was going to be closed. I cried for a different reason on this one. Yes, I was still worried about money, and still worried about supporting myself, but mostly, I mourned the loss of the future with this company that I had dreamed for myself.
This one I was fairly shaken by, I suppose cos I wasn't mentally prepared for it. But I put on some appropriately soothing music (Gillian Welch) and drove to my doom. The interview was quite tough, I was asked some questions that weren't that easy to answer without some hands on info but I blustered through them and tried to put how I could do the job. I walked out thinking I had done okay but no idea if I had said the right things
Here is our little walker! Yeah right! One year old and still a crawler.
Bad King John, Ridgeway Brewing,
We all have the same goal, which is to get this insane group of people out of power.
5. R.E.M. “We All Go Back To Where We Belong”
The third level of disappointment arrived when Michelle McCool’s music blast throughout the area. Fans were instantly surprised at the sound of her music and were potentially delighted to witness the return of The Undertaker’s wife…who, to my knowledge, has made no uncertain remarks about a return to pro wrestling.
There’s a yearning again
Clipper City Heavy Seas Prosit 9%
Trust a hijra about how old you look. Khuda tujhay pyara sa beta dai means you look young and fertile. Khuda tujhay Hajj karai, you look old and respectable. Khuda teray naseeb achay karay, you look troubled and middle aged.
Card # 1231: Gil Meche, 2008 Topps Triple Threads 19, Kansas City Royals (1231/1350)
Trend Micro detects as TROJ_FOOKBACE.A installer, and when executed it TROJ_FOOKBACE.A will execute a script that displays ads from certain sites.
night looms
Blur Boys and Girls UK
poem after poem under the auspices
According to the site:
“Can’t wait for this week to be over.”
I will be posting next week with some cards, I know I havent been very good about it :( I have a friend visiting from the bay arera Ca. Well happy crafting to all! Talk soon.
These periods of waiting, anticipation, impatience are crowded with events. Storm clouds gathering or a garden bursting into bloom, so many milestones arrive all at once, piling one on top of the next, leaving us out of breath, standing in some wild, desolate landscape of contemplation. And I stroll through the market with cooking and baking on my mind and see another wilderness, that midseason void of tightly shut stalls and barren spaces during this long, long month or so of school vacation and string of holiday weekends. And the midseason gulf in between as the produce of autumn and winter shifts to spring.
Shop Blurb...
Film fans were set up in bleachers outside, just as they're popularly done out in Los Angeles. But one New York nominee didn't get there in time to meet her fans. Audrey Hepburn was down at the 46th Street Theatre performing the play Ondine (Playbill at right), costumed in a blonde wig. After the show, she raced to the Century in a limousine (with police escort, no less), ripped off her wig, rushed to bathroom to wipe off her stage makeup, then settled into her seat for less than ten minutes before standing again to accept the trophy for Best Actress for Roman Holiday.
When the ANC was unbanned, Moe landed various security roles within the ruling party.
The Professor is trying to rid the world of ills with the help of his eager, young assistant, Willoughby. The efforts begin trying to transport a box of roaches away from civilization but they end up transporting themselves along with the box to foreign sands. Then, through mishaps at the lab, they begin bouncing backward and forward in time and space meeting some strange characters along the way.
I had a quick check and as far as I can tell the US label says “Belgian White Belgian-Style Wheat Ale” (which is horrific enough in its own way, but that’s a separate issue). As you can see, the UK label proclaims “North American Craft Beer”.
Since today is Friday, I'll post one of my haikus below.
This is the "less than a metre" fate.
Thought I'd share :)
These kits were gathered with children ages 6-12 in mind. Parents may need to help their students, especially younger children, with some aspects of this kit.
Current groups The Pfister Sisters, Stolen Sweets, and Boswellmania, or the Italian trio Sorelle Marinetti continue to imitate the sisters’ recordings. The Ditty Bops have covered Boswell sisters songs in concert.
While medical experts say it is still a relatively new phenomenon, a quick glance at the internet reveals how rife it has become among young drinkers in Britain.
So, the girls and Mr P and I went off to have a brunch at a small cafe nearby. It was a lazy Sunday...not a lot of productivity... We had supper with some close friends last night (a rarity as Mr P seldom has time off from the hospital :( ), and we had a wonderful time, catching up, chatting, laughing... The girls and their friends were so involved in their own discussions, we almost didn't notice them... all in all , a lovely evening!This week was also a fantastic learning week...my dear friend Dana, taught Linda and myself how to hand-dye/handpaint yarn! I feel like a whole world has opened up for me...suddenly all I want to do is DYE! Morning, noon and night...the kitchen smells like vinegar all the time ;) It's like painting with watercolours...addictive :) Thank you Dana ♥ If anyone is interested, Dana has her tutorials on how to dye, available on her website...
A funny thing happened a few days ago - so funny that at first I thought it was some sort of April Fool's joke.
I know that a variety of nutrients is the key but if you want to get the most bang for your buck – which green is the best to use?
He is young, and MLB lineups will adjust. Just ask Daisuke Matsuzaka about that. Darvish will without doubt face some peaks and valley’s in year one. Yet with his early body of work and the fact that he’s only 25- upside is an understatement. We could very well be looking at Japan’s finest pitcher to ever make the jump to the MLB.
Her eyes widened. “Oh, you didn’t know that? Oh, don’t tell him I told you! Because I don’t know if he wanted you to know…”
Yes and no. You do end up grading quite a few assessments, but since you are looking for proficiency on particular skills rather than awarding ½ points, you can usually breeze through an assessment quickly, giving you much more time to make useful comments you know the students have a strong incentive to read.
That is absolutely true of life, especially the unexpected one.
If you’ve seen the first few scenes in “Spy Kids,” then you’ve seen the castle director Robert Rodriguez lives in west of town. And of course everybody’s heard about the millions Sandra Bullock poured into a lovely dump of a house that’s sadly destined for the wrecker’s ball.
For they have their own thoughts.
Yesterday’s conference was a culmination of the last two years of progress in the field of PDSE. The event was organized and funded by the Harm Reduction Coalition, the NYC Department of Mental Health and Hygiene, and the DPA (Drug Policy Alliance), all very large players who can truly influence the implementation of these techniques across the nation.
On stove-top, start browning the sweet Italian sausage in olive oil
Are the Romanovs the new Tudors? First Robert K. Massie comes out with a blockbuster biography of Catherine the Great — and it’s a damned good book, too. Now Eva Stachniak gives the story the fictional treatment with The Winter Palace, a novel about Catherine’s Russia written from the point of view of a Polish servant who becomes a confidant — and spy — for the German princess who will become Russia’s greatest empress.
Movement: No :)
It's not really that difficult to tell the difference between 'Shine' and 'Chime'. It's not really difficult to be sensitive, thoughtful and accurate. Lauren Myracle didn't deserve to be treated like this. Nor did Andy Mulligan when he got booted off the Blue Peter shortlist. I hope that the publicity boosted sales for both of them. And I hope it didn't spoil Frannie Billingsley's moment either. Perhaps they can combine to write about the experience. And call it 'Shame'.
Most of the Nike’s products are designed to appeal to a young and trendsetting crowd. They are market-positioned as a brand of premium performance. However, the company also manufactures shoes for discount stores such as Wal-Mart, offering the brand Starter.
"If I know what really like is, it is because of you." - Hermann Hesse
Then Akitsu meets and befriends an older man who Yaichi doesn’t trust. Little does he know, however, that this man named Yagi will make Yaichi come face-to-face with his own past and the mysteries involving him and the boy named Seinoshin. Oh yeah, better believe things get very interesting as the plot thickens and the truth is finally revealed.
Common errors in the calculation of the expectation
All that you need to do is to carefully cut the squash in to pieces and sprinkle it will oil. Then you pop it in the oven and let the oven take it from there. I’d recommend leaving it in there for at least 40-60 minutes, to ensure it’s lovely and tender.
...about the riots.
On the drive to Kansas, and partially on the way home, I took advantage of my time and listened to the audiobook “How to Win Friends and Influence People” by Dale Carnegie. The book was first published in 1936 and has undergone several revisions. It has sold 15 million copies, and has been translated into almost every language on earth. In the end, the book contains timeless principles on how to make people like you, and how to win others to your way of thinking. I’m embarrassed to say, that in all of my reading, this was a book that I had not read as of yet. Am I glad I listened to this on my drive to Kansas. For anyone who wants to be more effective in relating, communicating and leading people, this book is a must read. And for those in the business continuity/emergency management fields, remember much of what we do is through relationships with others.
The video depicts the scene far better than words, but unfortunately YouTube has disabled embedding by request. Click here to view on YouTube - will open in new window or new tab.
Stackeroo: *2 Winners*
MASSIVE NUMBERS OF NEW WHISTLEBLOWERS COMING FORWARD
I feel your familiar, cold, hands clasp my shoulders...
circumstances without having any doubt in your heart. When Jesus said here,
I remember hearing adult voices telling me to not run in the construction area a thousand times but it was still fun. There were the studs for the walls to weave ourselves through and unfinished stairs that we’d climb and jump off the top before being scolded again. Finally, it happened. The klutz gene in me decided to show up and I tripped on a piece of wood. That wasn’t too bad ’cause the floor had already been laid and the concrete and I were already good friends. What sucked was the small board with the very large nail sticking out of it that just happened to be in my landing zone. This large framing nail went into my left calf and somehow didn’t hit either of the bones in my leg. But I bled like a stuck pig; my mother screamed that I was going to die of tetanus; and my father carried me to the bathroom with the board still nailed to my leg before pulling it out. Someone was on the phone to the doctor to ask what to do about it and I remember the evil bottle of Mercurochrome was brought out to be poured into the large hole. Of course, I did the screaming-jumping-whining dance of any kid who’d been assaulted with Mercurochrome and watched my leg become dyed a weird rusty color wherever it ran. The doctor on the phone told them to just put a bandage on it and it would heal. It did. I’ve got a cool round scar there that’s faded with age but because there were no stitches or butterfly band-aids, it’s still the same size as the nail that caused it. I loved showing it off to guys like an old war wound on the playground. They’d cringe and I usually won admiration for having the most awesome scar in the group.
If you need translations:
2) She will send you a PayPal link for $50. Yes, it’s $50. Dunno exactly why we chose that number, but most people we asked said it seemed fair.
Cinnamon and Maple Syrup Dressing:
I was a trooper and kept my mouth shut, though DH’s mom loves to tell people how I whined the entire time. She even used it as an excuse not to allow monkey #1 to go with her today. Nice.
Well, not much else is going on at the moment, I’m thinking I’ll post another update video soon, so be sure you’re tuned into http://www.YouTube.com/EbenloPainterofsong if you want to check it out.
When the New Deal began in 1933, they were prepared. At the time the leak had only 5,652 members that they were in positions of leadership everywhere.
Hidden Bang-up 2 Get 40 Gold Stars
Blake has to make a decision and he is torn. He said that he has a bond with both of his girls. He said wished RaeLynn had done something different and Erin just came out and did it. In the end, after much prompting from Carson, Blake blurts out Erin. This dude surprised me because I know he is a die hard RaeLynn fan.
If you are writing for TV trailers and you have to make Benny Hill, a documentary on Auschwitz and an episode of Coronation Street seem like a sensible single evening’s entertainment entity, you have to know how to tape over the cracks to join things together.
In the other realms of life my approach has evolved into something much the same. I've tried to think of things in terms of what my grandparents or great-grandparents would have said/done. For, as we all know, wisdom comes of age and has been passed down for generations. Look to the old wisdom.
Carrie’s suspect, a returned prisoner of (Iraq) war, Sergent Nicholas Brody, is a war hero… or is he… a terrorist, “turned” by crazy Muslims? Is he planning an attack, or just suspicious that his beautiful wife was not faithful? No matter, because like all TV Dads, he misses his son’s karate meet, too busy with meetings.
We had a couple of hours of relaxing, drinking and eating before we met our friends in the bar for dinner later.
So, lets get started.
The number 55 vs. Edgar Renteria (Cardinals)
On my 2nd LO I have used another of Monica's Showstopper flowers - Latte Chiffon Blossom and teamed it with an peach Fabric Rose. I went with another cluster to accent my fussy cut elements and layered papers. These flowers would go beautifully with all the fabulous new neutral toned ranges of papers like Prima Almanac, Nature Garden and Printery, Simple Stories Documented and Bo Bunny Etc.
their accessibility to rail and mass transit, and the physical configuration of the sites. Given market conditions, some may not be able to support development for many years while others may make economic sense sooner.
Everybody wants to eat healthier, better foods. But the trend in supermarkets is buying fruits and vegetables that have to be transported over great distances to reach them. This requires that crops be harvested very early—before they have reached their peak of ripeness. This drastically reduces the nutritional value. Not only that, but many fruits are sprayed with wax coatings or other preservatives to help them to retain their shelf life. These chemicals are harsh and further diminish the nutrient content.
The ad is noteworthy not because of its content. It’s just a Doritos commercial, after all. As Mosaic senior pastor Erwin McManus explains, “We’re not trying to use Doritos to propagate a message, but I think we want people to know that we have a sense of humor, that it’s OK to laugh.” What’s most interesting to me is the fact that a church has the possibility of making a foray into that icon of American culture, the Super Bowl.
we meet my mom jakelle and kalei there and we had a great time!!
A total ruin, truth to tell -
The council had refused to give them retrospective planning permission, a decision upheld by the Secretary of State Eric Pickles in October last year.
Slight sour nose like a belg. Clear straw color. On the first few sips, I get a medium body, banana, then notice a pleasant sourness, perhaps from some bret. 3 Stars.
love this one too, prob not for the wedding because we are using all vintage different mason jars (which we are renting for 50 cents a piece from a 'collector' - craigslist fellas), but it's such a beautiful shot.
Never could figure it out, but I’ve learned people do some pretty strange things and say even stranger things all in the guise of supposedly being “helpful”. It always amazes me how adamant some are in their beliefs, which are often incorrect and totally unfounded, yet they’ve heard it somewhere, decided to store it in their databank and spew it out later. If I don’t know something, I’ll prequalify my comment or just keep my mouth shut, but never … under any circumstances would I be saying something potentially upsetting under a situation like I had.
All of this resulted in me feeling physically terrible.
Of course, that was 1981. Now that I’m well-past the age where I’d look good in leather pants, I have to resign myself to the fact I’d probably be one of the first poor bastards raped and killed for the gas in my car.
You acknowledge that prolepsis does not make a distinction between the present and the future. This is exactly my argument. What is said of the house, the building from God, does not distinguish between now and the future. But this backfires on you. You are the one who is trying to isolate the phrase “in the heavens” as NOT in reference to the future, so whereas you say prolepsis does not distinguish between present and future, YOU are attempting to make a difference between “in the heavens” as only applying to the present hope, not the future. Yet we KNOW, the “not made with hands” and “everlasting” applies without any difference intended between present and future. Why then do you isolate “in the heavens” as ONLY applying to the present?
While I understand the separation of church and education; there's no rule about silent prayer. I don't involve my students. It's their time as much as mine. They think or do whatever they need to during that time silently as well. However, they are required to stay quiet just like I am.
The exquisitely designed little shop, tiny, but filled with handmade jewelry, each piece engraved with poetry, captured our hearts for a good part of an afternoon.
Roast the chicken for about 1 hour, or until the breast meat measures 165°F on an instant-read thermometer. If the skin is dark golden brown before the meat is done, slide a baking sheet onto an oven rack above the chicken.
Would you find hanging clothes, on the line, more fun if your clothespins were decorated? Or are you simply indifferent? A clothespin is a clothespin is a clothespin....get the job done.
20.07.08 US Washington (DC), DC9
Rating: 4.5/5 Action packed novella exposing the history of the most famous Faery Bromance
Write your truth. Wonderful advice, completely useless. Humankind cannot bear very much reality and I don’t want to deal with the hurt that my truth would bring upon those that I have wronged. Would not be fair to them and, to be honest, I do not want to face the people that I have to face in such a naked manner. They know who I am, they don’t need to know how I became the man that I am.
On Mother's Day
Well, after the miscarriage I called back and rescheduled. This time for October 7th, a month to the day from when I had my D&C. Writing it like that makes it look creepy, but I'm keeping it. Anyway, we went in early on a Thursday morning all prepared for me to have my hoof removed. As they were taking my vitals, the nurses came in, shut the door and sat down. I got a little nervous. They told me my pregnancy test had come back positive. I laughed and told them that wasn't possible. I told them I had recently had a miscarriage and hadn't even had a period yet, and it must have just been the remnants of that. They told me they had tested it twice. I wasn't convinced, and I really had my heart set on leaving there with a normal foot. So I went out in the hall and called my OB's office. The nurse told me it actually was possible to be pregnant this soon. She told me to come in and have some blood work done. I left the surgical center semi-excited and semi-disappointed, and not sure what to hope for.
I love the porches.
My blog has met those top three systems in a way that a year ago I was desperate for. But the difference with writing is I need to figure out those three elements for myself with my writing.
In my application, I created a directory with CreateDirectory( m_strDestinationDir, NULL )
I picked up a really cool card this weekend that I was excited to share on my blog. The person trading the card wasn't asking for much in return, but I used to love this set back in the day and had to get this card. It's a 2000 Upper Deck MVP Ken Griffey Jr. Batting Glove card.
"Mr. Liu reminds us that human dignity also depends upon the advance of democracy, open society, and the rule of law. The values he espouses are universal, his struggle is peaceful, and he should be released as soon as possible."
Brown Ale Pork Jus
When Charles Perrault wrote his version of Cinderella for the 1697 volume Contes de ma mère l’oye (Tales of My Mother Goose) he created a very different tale than had been told by earlier storytellers. He removed everything he felt would be objectionable to members of the royal court of Louis XIV (his intended audience) and invented a great many details that today form the most popular elements of the story.
Ok if you have to be nationally known for getting a mudhole stomped in your ass by Shaniqua from the corner of Ninth and Main... when you come back to being an overly-caffeinated jackass selling utter crap on the TV... well, that's about the only way I can see to do it, frankly.
By Robert Spencer
Today she offered her advice to a just one lucky listener that wanted to know how to get her boyfriend to quit one-upping her! Read the letter below and add any advice you may have!
Format: MP3 320Kbps
Personally, Satan knows when to play "You are not worth anything" card on me. When I am trying to tend to my family...(you're not a good mom or wife)....getting things done for school event (noone is going to notice that) ... when I think I'm doing something good ..(thats dumb)... he whispers it in my ear. When I am seeking God's direction for myself or family...(God doesnt have time for that)....he is there whispering it in my ear. Even when I sit down to write a blog post..(noone reads this and you're not doing anyone any good)... he's whispering it in my ear. Whether through his own whispers or the use of others, Satan tries to make us feel less worthy. As we listen to Satan's lies we grant others the opportunity to determine our worth. He knows that many times our worth is in direct relation with what others have said about us. Instead of letting others define us we need to reflect on what is true. I am a child of God's and a treasured possession.
Mix all together, press into pie pan evenly around bottom and sides.
Sift the flour, unsweetened cocoa powder and kosher salt. Set aside.
study abroad and how she organizes it, because no matter what future
And by social I mean, go with that “we’re just like you” campaign and get rid of the gay pride parades. Really, like the court cases, those parades aren’t doing anyone any favors. All those parades do is make the gay rights movement seem the counterbalance to the nutjobs from Westboro, it makes it seem to the general public that both sides are crazy. That is not helping. It needs to be clear Westboro Baptists=f’ing insane, gay rights movement=not insane people. Do that you win.
this quest? Am I not to hear that
I seem to keep it all in my head without too much difficulty. Sometimes, especially in the later drafts, I might scribble down a little timeline or something. If you're involved in a story it's actually pretty easy to keep a lot of different things in your head; it's not really something I think about very much.
2 carrots, shredded
Tomorrow I will be positive. Tomorrow I will be nice to a foreigner. Tomorrow I will go to the gym. Tomorrow I will drive to work and not consider running over people. Tomorrow will be better. You'll see.
I had the pleasure of meeting the Cucchi family this past Sunday. They were the recipients of a gift certificate to ABL Photography for Christmas. What a great gift! This family was so sweet and their girls were absolutely adorable. It is very apparent that these sisters have a strong bond. We had such a great time together and I am glad that I had a chance to spend my morning with this family. Enjoy your preview Cucchi family!
(2) accountability
I am still incredulous that I am a runner up in Fish's One Page Story. And honoured too.
of wakefulness.
Isn't that funny? I love playing with paper scraps, don't you? So, it's time for you to put together some bits and pieces of paper or whatever crosses your mind and come up with a patchwork somewhere on your card. If you need some inspiration you'll get plenty on the challenge blog so you'd better head there after taking a look at my card.
One of the girls on my old shift came in, she had been off on maternity leave, with the two little boys that she had adopted. They were ... 2 and 3 ...4 I think but they were sweet. It's so funny to see people that I know are quite, bit jaded and tough just go to adorable mush around kids and pets. My OM, had one in chair and was wheeling him around the centre, he even bought them both candy from the vending machine. These kids also had a liking to our highlighters so we didn't have one in the centre until they were gone.
11/13 - Little Rock, AR - The Village
Have I not convinced you? Ok, cool. Let’s move on to raves – guys flashing their money and buying all the expensive drinks at the bar and most times, girls flock to those guys with glasses in hand or the guys offer them a glass. Or how about “swag” guys going out of their way to buy the “premium” branded clothes?
TO VIEW THIS CLIP AND OTHERS, YOU MUST LOG IN/REGISTER FOR MEMRI TV, AT
Pistono, from a politically active union family, clearly knows his way around corridors of power. He intersperses his surreptitious adventures, as his spiritual quest impels him to smuggle out documentation of imprisonment and suppression by the Chinese communists of monks, nuns, and laypeople who dare to shout out support for the Dalai Lama. He learns from Ming--a policewoman caught in her own half-Chinese, half-Tibetan parentage her own ambiguous position in power--of the "conviction quota" police must achieve monthly, and how "a case is closed" by torture or murder.
I want to go home. I want to go back. I want things to be as they were but better: no pain, no cancer lurking in the wings, just ordinary, boring life, with no threats or vulnerabilities that can't be ignored no matter how hard we try. I want the luxury of complacency.
But did you asked yourself why?
Image - Magnolia and is coloured with Promarkers.
The CARP was meant to give farmers ownership of the land they worked on, but it was watered down from tougher intended legislation.
High - Finished Life of Fred Fractions.
Grey days happen in everyones lives. However don’t let yourself be drawn in by them.
Unlike the July 9 rally which saw police acting brutally against a peaceful rally, today’s fracas was triggered by some unruly supporters of a group that often prided itself on its peaceful demeanour and politically correct demands.
Are you happy being ‘average’? Or is the ideal of 6-pack abs something you’re striving for in your life? Ever been sucked in by a promise of quick results? Does the reality of hard work change your perspective on achieving those kinds of results?
This is the last day of the Apocalypse. Tomorrow the fools come out and I shop. I had the last of the sunflower seeds, dried cranberries and more softened toenails (banana chips) for lunch. Don’t let anyone tell you that banana chips are healthy. There is so much grease oozing off of those things that I’m throwing the rest out.
Me: "What toe painting?"
2 firm, ripe avocados (9 ounces each)—halved, pitted and sliced lengthwise 1/4 inch thick
Linda & Monkey
In fact, depending on which story she happened to be telling, the accuser claimed that either one or two of her alleged attackers ejaculated.
First police detective in English fiction – Inspector Bucket in Charles Dickens’ Bleak House (1853).
So from here it should be clear that London (Dry) Gin does not have to be distilled in London and can actually be made anywhere in the world as long as it follows the specified production criteria.*
Oatmeal Chocolate Chip Cookies
Doots and I were browsing the cake magazines at the newsagents recently. I was pointing out the fairy castle cakes, the owl cakes, the rainbow cakes, trying to spark her interest in something so that I could just run with it. She spied this simple yellow iced cake, ringed by paper dolls, and thrust her finger in amongst the rapidly turning pages to mark the place. "That one".
I've reached a point now where I need to put the story aside again, because I can't switch off The Critical Voice, and it's become difficult to determine whether the story has potential or not.
9. Stillnes
Plot is good. Characters are well thought of – especially in the Joseon times. Oh, specifically our Joseon F4 Rangers! Music is appropriate. Let’s see what the next episode has to offer. I hope I get to have more of that funny scenes or maybe even better.
with television, radio, paperbacks and comic books. The hearings and testimonies eventually got around
It's been like forever since Iast posted- a whole week already; still, I've kept making cards in the meantime although I didn't find time to add them here. I took pics though so maybe soon enough:)
Thank goodness he is all better and just has to follow up with the doctor next week. That was one of the scariest "parenting" times I have had these past seven years.
that combined footage from different live concerts with
Firstly, a relatively high nose tip feeding a small pair of conventional turning vanes. This will be a downscaled version of what most teams do this year.
18 June 1959
The cards are absolutely wonderful to look at and they resonate deeply within me. As an angel artist I truly appreciate the use of colours and shapes on these cards.
5) Hand the old passport to the officer.
In the past, Ananda asked Buddha, : ” Buddha, you are The Enlightened One. I am your cousin brother and also your attendant. Can you pass part of your wisdom to me, so I can attain enlightenment soon?”
And that's just the stuff I had in my notes. My main point? Why should we give you all this stuff to act like a private business...when we could just do away with you and have a private business?
Is using dictionaries time-wasting? Anthony wonders why some might feel that teaching learners to work things out for themselves is not time well-spent.
Imagine that day, when the pain is gone and the kidney is settled, and I will be able to go to bed without being hooked up and smile to myself in the dark and say:
I used an embossed resist technique with white embossing powder, and using a sponge dauber, sponged on the green, blue and orange. Then, I stamped the black circles. I love making bookmarks to mail with birthday cards. Just a small little gift for the recipient.
She told me he’d retired and then died recently.
Every blog I publish will have at least one recipe in it. They will only be those I have used frequently, so I know I’m not giving out defective recipes. And of course, I’m hoping to hear from all of you – post your own versions, give your comments, tips and ideas.
I don't look at things as mistakes. They are bumps along the road of life. My only regrets is that I may have hurt those I love at some point or another.
“You know,” Shannon says, “as you mention it, I am beginning to feel a little bit better.” Playing along with the little game Alex started, Shannon asks, “What’s your name?”
There are so many disparate elements that keep you watching even after realizing what a hot mess you're seeing unfold on the screen, I don't think I can list them all.
and a thousand smokey voices
+ yes, yes she can. Joy tweeted today that she designed three different tshirts inspired from the series... you guessed it.... DOWNTON ABBEY! I audibly screamed when I saw them.
Bachelor of Administration Degree (Management Concentration)
34 any
When I reminisce about my student days I remember the times when I would seek to be inspired in the most unconventional places. We are taught to be motivated in school and I realize through the years that motivation is not so much as taught, but rather ‘caught’.
A year ago I couldn't even think about this day without crying.
The Phlogistinator (Phlog)
Today I had all kinds of plans to be productive. I was going to run errands and get things done… But by the time my motivation rolled around, a super impressive thunderstorm also rolled around. Needless to say, I was not going out in that and the plans have been pushed back to tomorrow.
Peter Reinhart begins the chapter with a commentary on the history of the bagel and a discussion on the debate of the denser, thick-crusted "water bagel" versus the lighter softer bagels. I was thrilled we were making the dense bagels, which I consider to be the true bagels.
More than anything, the Oscar-winning success of this brilliant film relaunched the 40s era private eye genre in a darker mode to suit the unstable 1970s. With its rich score by Jerry Goldsmith, a wonderfully quotable script by Robert Towne with scalpel-precise direction to match by Roman Polanski, this is a work where the lead actors are able to do some of their best ever work – the scenes between Jack Nicholson, John Huston and especially Faye Dunaway just take your breath away. A classic and if you want to read a sustained bit of writing on it, you can do no better than finding a copy of Michael Eaton’s fine BFI Classics monograph on the film – for further details click here. Nicholson would go on to play JJ Gittes in the very different sequel, THE TWO JAKES (1990).
Happy Birthday Inge!!
as men stumble and climb.
Our spirits seek for unity
Biblical Christianity does not allow us to make the excuse that we are not actively oppressing the poor, so it’s not our problem. Radical individualism says, “I have my own personal relationship with God. I don’t personally oppress the poor. Therefore, I’m doing a good job.” The message of Christianity rejects that type of thinking outright.
Ok, no need to call Dr. Phil yet, we did do more than drink, gamble, and lay out by the pool. We also took naps and ate. Kidding! (kinda) Hey, we were on vacation!
If she would miss me just the same-
positive. By remaining positive you keep your vibration high and when you are
The problem the Republicans face is also in the Democratic Party a lack of local party cohesion and organization. The factions rule and they are divisive.
One thing we hear over and over again in special education is that for kids with special needs direct instruction works best. Direct instruction is where the teacher explicitly teaches and students watch as she takes them through a lesson. As opposed to exploratory learning, where a concept is introduced and the students do a lot of self-teaching, through group activities, trial and error, etc. I even had a special ed professor who said this latter type of teaching was the "hippie way." you may as well sit around smoking something and talking about your feelings with the students Ah, I loved that professor...
“You were careful not to be followed?” she asked.
(Do you like the wheelbarrows?)
The computer industry came of age in the 1990s, that giddy phase of American and European history when authoritarianism was assumed to be on the wane. For sure, it's still nice to live in a liberal democracy, but given that the world has since moved in no end of sinister directions, isn't our unthinking embrace of the cloud ... an ill-advised throwback?
In the years it took me to decide to divorce, I didn’t want to see. Seeing would lead to confronting would lead to losing, I knew. Tuck tail and run, I thought. And I did. Until, oh, Wednesday. One week ago.
For me, we're just about ready to launch the new website I've been working on since January. This past week, I had to work some very late nights getting things ready. I can't wait until about 48 hours from now when it's finally up and running and I can take a moment to breathe!
As this is a Blogger blog, however, I don't have access to email addresses nor do I have a way to look at many of your Blogger profiles. So, here's a plea: Will pencraftco, asimpleknitter, Lisa, Robin, and Hinkie please email me at siviaharding at clear dot net to claim your prizes?
Then you need the Beer Beard. A secret beer dispenser with a patented 'chilly-tek' bladder.
At one time in the mid 1960s – well before his TV fame in the early 1990s – he owned six houses and became a horse race tipster – he was banned from three betting offices for being too successful. He had inside information: he knew someone who was married to a multi-millionaire who sold meat to Morrison’s supermarkets:
"I'll be here. I'll watch your drink."
F: Demba Ba (Newcastle) – Coming into the season a lot of pundits tabbed Alan Pardew’s club to battle with relegation, and with only a handful of games left, thanks to a total collapse by Sp*rs, they’re sitting in position to make the Champions League (assuming Chelsea doesn’t screw them over by winning the whole damn thing this year). Ba was the steal of the off-season, and is the biggest reason Newcastle are the surprise story of the EPL in 2011/12.
The High Speed Rail 2 connection, which would be built between 2016 and 2026, will cut the journey time between the two cities by 35 minutes to less than 50 minutes.To save half an hour? Why not bin the fucking thing and save £32 billion? Is Gordon Brown still running the country? Because the amount of government profligacy makes it fucking look that way.
What would be best, if you could pick a time when it wasn’t crowded (some folks recommend early morning, we should have researched but added the Vatican City to our list of sights on a whim the night before.) The Chapel deserves to be seen in relative peace, and in a big hit, all at once, with little prelude. Especially not an hour-long crawl through the corridors. That way you can better appreciate the rich, detailed, and perhaps surprisingly colourful work done by Michelangelo. As to how colourful he intended is hotly contended of course.
Second, it is unprincipled. Because it is impulsive, the consequence of some unthinking response to a raw emotional urge, it is not grounded in a coherent set of values or ideals (despite its vociferous claims to the contrary). It is a moment unto itself. A fit of pique. The reasons for this vary. Sometimes it is because the departure point was not a principled concern.
3. Les Soux-Bock tied with Halls 1900
Turning on the tv,
After an in depth analysis of the core values, lifestyle, style and desires of the client's project a detailed site analysis is taken.
To add further doubt to my already shaky self-image, I’ll be damned if I can figure out how to post a link to Emma’s site in here. Fortunately, I stumbled onto a video tutorial on the VBA page, and after watching it an embarrassing number of times, I was able to negotiate myself through the process.
She's having a workshop at her home this weekend and if I had enough frequent flier miles to South Carolina I would have been the first to sign up but I sent some cookies in my place with her logo. I know she'll take a few shots for me and I can't wait to see how a pro does it.
History of Love by Nicole Krauss. It’s a perfect novel. The three different narratives are so original and distinct, and I still cry when I think about the ending.
Let us love the unlovely, the despised, and our foes,
Currently loving a few products so am bored on my day off so thought I would do a little round up as every good little blogger does.
It may seem odd to the modern Christian why some people have issues with something as seemingly benign as a stained glass window or an Icon in churches. This is basically because Western Christianity never really dealt with the Iconoclastic Controversy that evolved the Eastern Church for some centuries. (Western Christianity got to deal with Saint Augustine, who never really 'happened' in the East, as he wrote only in Latin, which was no longer used in the East at the time.)
“Other dogs bite only their enemies, whereas I bite also my friends in order to save them” – Attributed to Diogenes of Sinope by Stobaeus
but all i can say is this...
Our theme for February is "Leaps and Bounds". I did a layout on Spring Blooms. My girls love when the cherry blossoms bloom. When the blossoms start to fall off the trees, they call it their pink snow.
So I took it for a ride.
Case in point is our office table where Josh packs orders. We used to use folding tables here too and it was always a mess below of plastic binds and drawers that never fit all the things he needed to pack efficiently.
- Iron on an appliqué
Next, after my upcoming GRS will be scuba diving. I can not wait for that, having stopped logging dives at the 2k mark.
This brings me to my last short story to conclude this post:
Henry: “You faked your own death. Siobhan, that’s insane.”
The "living museum" brings to life 13 legends from Parisian history - some of which are world famous, like Quasimodo, others are less well-known to foreigners. (Well, I didn't know them all, anyway...) It has to be said that this doesn't detract particularly from the experience, though I suppose that recognising the stories might give you a slight edge on dealing with the creepiness as you go through the various rooms and meet the various tragic - and terrifying - characters. To understand the stories the characters tell you, you will need good French. Some of the costumes inhibit clear speaking, and although my French is quite good, there were several stories I missed entirely, mostly because I spent the whole thing in a mild state of panic, waiting for the next thing to leap out at me and scream.
and puting the House in good repair
400m Heavy Farmers Walk
Transactional replication support
“You’ve got a memory like an elephant”, her pa used to say. She brushed off his fussing, “Just because I remember where the Vegemite is when I visit …” But he was right. She did have a memory like an elephant, and she carried her past around like a packed lunch. Every day she would unwrap, indulge, stew, poke, prod, and pack it away to do it all again tomorrow. Sometimes it was intentional, and kind, like buying herself a box of chocolates: a memory of a smile from a handsome man on the train, a treat to make her heart feel light. Mostly she was consumed by the dull echo of ‘what if?’
This does not mean, however, that there is not a very important question that clients should ask. There is, and later this week we'll talk about it.
Gordon’s work captures the experiences of two women separated by time. One lives in 1804 and the play captures her in her kitchen, during summer, on a baking day. The other is a tour guide 200 years later in the same physical location, now a historic farm. Her job is to reenact this same woman, and she’s been doing it for half her life.
It's nice to have it ALMOST completed! Just a few trim pieces left and lights to install in the storage room. We love it, especially the boys! Plenty of room to run around!
challenge itself... the challenge is that NO ONE ELSE has lived a beautiful,
South Park: Bigger, Longer & Uncut (Trey Parker and Matt Stone, producers)
And, again, I agree. If I’m eating steak and Dog smells it, he will totally get a couple of bites. His pleasure. Then he’s on to his kibble if he’s hungry. My compromise.
$200 EACH – send me customers and I’ll send you CASH!
After the physical, mental, mechanical disaster that was the 2010 tour, I’d learnt my lesson and bought new, lighter camping gear and had a new wheel custom built for the Yak in an attempt to make the whole thing go a lot more smoothly.
This can be demonstrated by simply asking the question "why" to any oughts. This question will always eventually run off a cliff into the abyss of nothing. Why ought every American have health care? Why ought I care if the planet overheats? Why ought I care if one out of every eight people is hungry? Why ought I care about diversity? Why ought I not be a bigot? Why ought I not impose my beliefs on others?
I swear I’m not creepy.
"I have followed the animal from his birth to his appearance on the table; have described the manner of feeding him, and of slaying him, the position of his various joints, and, after giving the recipes, have described the modes of carving Meat, Poultry, and Game," she says in her preface. She is also credited with developing the form of recipes we still follow today as well as focusing on presentation of food rather than just its mixture.
It really requires lot of guts to something like that. I’m sure none of his relatives forgave him for depriving them their share of elai sappad and all the gossip they’d have caught up on!
Then we visited the area surrounding Forks (because you know I wasn't leaving without seeing Twilight-world).
I made some major tweaks on this recipe to cut sugar and allergens out. Mix it all in one bowl, so easy! These muffins are incredibly moist and flavorful. Note that the batter will be much wetter than a normal muffin batter. Not to worry, they will turn out wonderful! Freeze a batch of these a pop in the microwave for 25-30 seconds for breakfast along with some fruit and breakfast sausage or ham (that's how them serve it here, at least)! Stick a frozen muffin right in your child's lunch, by lunchtime it will be defrosted and ready to eat!
Self-tie ribbon at back
Dr Christopher Hufeland, Goethe's doctor, warned in 1806, ‘The physician should and may do nothing else but preserve life. Whether it is valuable or not, that is none of his business. If he once permits such considerations to influence his actions, the doctor will become the most dangerous man in the state.’
I contained a catastrophe
Forgive me
Today was a special blessing for me, as a grandmother. Ansleigh, my five-year old granddaughter, has been a bit under the weather. Since she still had fever this morning, she couldn't go to daycare. I had business at the office and some running to get done this morning, but I was able to help out this afternoon. After spending the morning at my mom's house, she came home with me about noon.
2046.E-X/27/1992. On the President’s word with respect to the Kurds. Christian Science Monitor, p. 20 (abridged). See Item E-XII/29/1998, below.
Ironman is extremely difficult and requires months and months of training. It is the ultimate race boasting a total of 140.6 miles completed. Even the smaller Half-Ironman yields 70.3 miles traveled. Iron Girl however, is a sprint distance triathlon yielding a total of 21.2 miles (give or take a few miles, depending upon the race).
I won't interfere with your private lives
Remember, this month I am releasing kits on June 28th!
Billy Paul ~ Let’s Make A Baby ~ PIR ~ 1975
The show sent excited ripples across high society – the kind of "art buzz" that the media craves, then as now.
China Mieville’s The City & The City is not a children’s book, though a patient sixteen year old with a thing for noirish urban fantasy might find a lot to like. It’s a slow burning detective novel set in a vaguely Mittel-European city. Or cities. There are actually two of them occupying the same geographical space but acting as if they were as separate as East and West Berlin. Or Jewish and Arabic quarters in Jerusalem. Or the hopelessly intermeshed interracial interstices of London or any other European space. It’s indebted to Calvino, the Inspector Zen mysteries, Borges and (most of all) John Le Carré by turns and repays the initial patience it requires (though the character of Cowie still seems like a certain female police Sergeant met in a previous Miéville novel). Recommended.
Around the house...Angels everywhere! I love my angel collection of figurines and many books.
She then proceeded to describe the hinge that Bubba had sent her to buy, and Jo Bob went to the backroom to find a hinge. From the backroom Joe Bob yelled "Mary Louise, you wanna screw for that hinge?"
. . . watching you?
Mrs Mukherjee didn’t quite realise just how far her son-in-law had gone. She had no idea where East Africa is. Shankar note the address down, and within a week sent off a letter. Could he remember Shankar, a boy from his wife’s village? He has passed the FA exam. Could he find a job for him in the railway? He is ready to go as far as necessary.
We got fingerprinted for USCIS on Monday, so hopefully we will hear something soon from them. I've only done a couple things for the dossier, so I need to finish that up. We also need to do some fundraising. That's a hard one for me. Mark is doing extra work for families and asking them to donate for Jonathan's adoption. Not sure what else to do right now. Believing the Lord will provide!
Another seminar, also $30, at Lost Dog Bar & Lounge, focuses on tequila.
Sunday kind of got skipped and we're straight into a holiday Monday. Walmart was open and after a little consolidating I had a memory stick with photos ready to go! Such fun to cut them out and put them in my pages. A few layouts to go and then it's done!
Hi. I'm Sara - a homeschool mom that loves to read, write, listen to all kinds of music and make lots of crafty things. My husband, Jason, is a very hard working man who love and supports his wife in all her crazy adventures. He's also quite intelligent and loves history, old planes and hockey. Zion, age 9, is a compassionate brother who loves video games and taking care of his younger siblings. Abigail, age 8, is the genious and boss of all... or atleast she would like to be. She's as craft as her mother and is just fun to be around. Caleb, often called Beans, is the most insane 6 year old I've ever come across. He is very cuddly but likes to make noise and break things. Magdalene, or Mags, is the cream of the crop. Four years old and absolutely adorable.
I have already made the decision that it will go to my son who got the officers .357 Marlin lever action. It just seems like they need to be together again some day.
This clearly indicates that :
Captions are due for the The New Yorker caption contest on Wednesday before midnight.
And then, when I got home, I saw this:
Several motor insurance providers provide automobile deal with On-line rates and there’s a plethora of internet sites which might be particularly built for this function. Such sites will allow the opportunity policy machine, who offers to purchase a car indemnity policy to assess automobile rates obtained through a few automobile indemnity companies by being able to view them On-line by easy mouse clicks.
Specifically mentioning cachaça is a major change because since 2000, Brazil has had to label it "Brazilian rum," putting into a much more competitive market niche, because cachaça was not specifically recognized by the U.S.
Every successful TV food personality has some kind of schtick, a persona that they present to the viewer. That persona may or may not be related to the person they really are. They do have maintain this image if they want to hold on to their base audience.
And finally, because Christ has ascended to heaven, the believer is also assured of His return. Jesus promised the disciples that He would depart and then return (Jn. 14:1-6) and His departure is the first part of that process. Yes, He has left, but He will return. And the words from the angels, “Men of Galilee, why do you stand looking into the sky? This Jesus, who has been taken up from you into heaven, will come in just the same way as you have watched Him go into heaven” (Acts 1:11; NASB), serve as a reminder that while He has departed, the leaving is temporary and the return is certain. And it is important to note that this statement fully satisfied the disciples so that they left and immediately set about the task of fulfilling the commission of Christ (Acts 1:8).
As I type this, tears are gushing from my sleepy eyes and Alanis Morissette is playing in the background.
Now you're in New York
Sheila gently brings healing truths for the wounds that the reader may have in his or her life. She does this through personal insight, scripture, and a constant call for the reader to join her in seeing things from God’s perspective as shown in the scriptures.
of Munchkinland farms
I'm working on a magazine article about the balance of work/owning a business and it made me think that it would be good to share a little advice about that here. As most of you know, my husband and I have two kids and our third kid is my business (my husband also happens to have his own successful gig). I get a lot of emails from moms about how to balance work and family, especially if moms are starting their business out of their own home. I wanted a work studio next to my home because it's important for me to be close to my kids during the day. However, because my kids know well how to pop in and out of my work space, it can sometimes be a struggle. For moms out there who are contemplating or doing it, you already know what I'm talking about.
Welcome to the latest instalment in Crime Watch's ongoing series of quickfire author interviews; 9mm - 9 MurderMystery questions put to a variety of New Zealand and international crime, thriller, and mystery authors.
I learned a lot about growing root vegetables last year. My soil is too heavy for a lot of root vegetables. I put a great deal of sand and peat into the topsoil we used to fill the raised beds, to make it a better place for root vegetables to thrive. I have carrots, and beets in the beds, but everyone suggests putting in radishes to demarcate the rows. Radishes grow very quickly. And I didn't even pay for these; I bought a few seeds from a large seed company and they threw these in for free. They are called Purple Plum Radishes.
The zebra looked so handsome with zinc upon his nose,
Man this was a fun arse weekend. And not everything even came to pass the way I wanted to. I managed to put about 600 miles on my car in a 3 day period, which may be more of a comment on how large this city is and how crappy I am at planning. But whatever. I didn't hit nearly the strip clubs I planned on, only one actually for like an hour. Okay 2. I was also able to reconnect with some old friends and maybe have a few new road dogs to hit the mean streets. The little woman was not holding me back, but its hard to just up and smoke cigars with the crew on a whim with a baby at the house.
Krishna’s guile
Sting Russians UK
Linda M. Colon, 46, Perrineville, N.J.
The language of our forefathers.
It's a very easy recipe. I managed to keep some on my desk in a tupperware box as I hadn't got round to photographing it. Three weeks later (non refrigerated) it tasted as good as it was fresh and colleagues were more than happy to scoff it.
“Unit 44, possible nine-sixty-six.”
What history taught in school — before you had a choice in college — do you remember best and why?
Step 11: Once the wax is cool, use a paint brush to brush Perfect Pearls onto the waxed areas. After you have brushed them on, use the brush to pounce them, then whisk away any extra. Set the Perfect Pearls by lightly misting with water. The Perfect Pearls should basically only stick to the waxed area.
The show would start with Peter Gabriel, dressed like a common pub-rocker, saying these words:
Given the likelihood of Muslims in the Muslim world deciding that the continued presence of large numbers of their co-religionists in European countries was beneficial, it is quite possible that they would simply refuse to cooperate with any efforts on the part of those countries to deport said Muslims. It would surely be a relatively trivial matter for Morocco to close its airspace to any European airline or aircraft that were participating in the mass deportations of Moroccans from the Netherlands. If formal channels for deportation were to close, it is very difficult to see how Option 2 could proceed at all. Of course, if the Netherlands were to simply start brutalizing its Moroccan population, the attitude of the Moroccan government could change overnight as it realized that maintaining political leverage in the Netherlands through the Moroccan population there was of only secondary importance relative to preventing them from being slaughtered. But here we would already have blundered into Option 3, which is precisely what we are trying to avoid, thus rendering Option 2 irrelevant and/or impossible in any case.
Here are my goals for the month of March: Get up half an hour earlier and write first thing each day. Turn off the Internet for morning writing. Re-write (from scratch) my WIP novel, FINDING HOPE. Yes, the entire thing.
Buy the above 6 items for a special price of $47.50!
I am headed to Bangor, ME this weekend so the winners won't be announced until Tuesday. Have a fabulous Labor Day weekend!!
His blog post mentioned several “partnership events” to be held during the Chicago summit.
Okay, so I want to take this opportune moment to retract my previous grumblings about Soub's musical taste. In the past I have tended to grouse about the 'generational gap' between his and my musical tastes. Usually I do this grousing on his blog. BUT ...... I walked in to the Led Zepp show thinking, "Ok, I know 'Stairway to Heaven'," but walked out realizing that I have heard every song played at least once before in my life and LOVE LED ZEPP! In actuality many of the bands Soub loves including this one were definitely part of the 'soundtrack of my youth' - just during a time in which I was listening but not yet into knowing the who what when where why of a song. Which is a nice way of saying that I was probably around 9 or 10 years old at the time .... :)
It appears that our issue with the showers has made its way to our washing machine. However, before I threw up my hands in frustration, I decided to experiment. I turned the water selection from “hot” to “cold”, and lo and behold,…
I also made Ina Garten's Triple Raspberry Sauce since I had found some beautiful raspberries just before Christmas.
Next on Birth of a Chaos Dread Reloaded: the weapons.
I visited a page from one of my journals from March, 2009. I was obviously starting to work on “seeking the Cause” and my question was… “Why am I so sad”? I don’t recall being sad in 2009 specifically. But then when I sat for a moment I realized that yes I was sad. I had a lot going on and nothing “productive” was happening. Today, I understand that I was seeking answers and I did not follow thru the way I follow thru today. I opened a door and WOW was I shown. Unfortunately it took a year to recognize my cause… and thru the gentle guidance of Betty I was able to change my path by understanding what I was seeking had nothing to do with the other person but with myself. I can change myself… I cannot change anyone else. My spirit was alive with direction. My mind was full of anger and logic and trying to make sense of the chaos… the light working within me. My heart needed an awakening… this was something I struggled with for years. I sought answers and certainly received them. I understand why it happened. I understand that my soul allowed it to happen. I’m still healing from the pain. I wanted to change this pattern in my life and I will continue to work towards that goal every day.
1. You need balance. If you lean too far to one side, you’ll fall off.
Hopefully, because we have them.
The class which ran from Noon - 2pm and priced at 65 euros, included instruction, hands-on cooking as well as enjoying our lunch with wine.
Change in attitudes
This book is valuable reading for legal practitioners and academics in the field of information technologies and intellectual property law, economists interested in knowledge-economy business models and sociologists interested in internet and social networks.
How about you? Are you more likely to seek revenge or do you just move on?
* You experienced your first ever Firework show this year and you did great and thought they were awesome! You most definitely did not want to get off of our lap but you oooed and ahhhed!! It was so much fun to see your reaction to them!
8/26 Gilford, NH- Meadowbrook U.S. Cellular Pavilion
Genre : Electronic/Nu Disco
Colonial Marines:
I’m like Dr. Malcolm Crowe in The Sixth Sense. I had gone through what I thought was my life thinking I was living, when in fact I was dead. I had become a zombie. Now it makes sense why I hate those so much. Why they terrify me. I fear them because they remind me of myself. I am a walking dead.
Anyway, this dum dum called looking to get from here to there,
(1) Against the accused, irrespective of nationality, in criminal cases falling within the jurisdiction of courts below the Regional Trial Courts (RTCs).
But the tree did not rejoice at all. It just grew. It grew and was green both winter and summer-dark evergreen. People who passed it said, "There's a beautiful tree!" And when Christmas time came again they cut it down first. The ax struck deep into its marrow. The tree sighed as it fell to the ground. It felt faint with pain. Instead of the happiness it had expected, the tree was sorry to leave the home where it had grown up. It knew that never again would it see its dear old comrades, the little bushes and the flowers about it-and perhaps not even the birds. The departure was anything but pleasant.
As we walked through the Botanical Gardens this time however, something was distinctly different. Part of the garden was missing due to the new Brisbane tunnel project, but there was also something else. As we ambled through the different gardens, something crossed my mind. It was so subtle I almost missed it.
“Bolt! Poison! Oh, thank the gods!” I shouted. I ran up to the cage and wrapped my hands around the bars, but I pulled them away quickly.
I just like it better with my arms wrapped around my Honey.
I was so excited! Sadly, I couldn't make it... but I did send my commissary, Jason to move it and shake it with Brisbane's 'Burgeratti' elite earlier this week. He took along Mr D the builder as his date (Mr D worked as builder on the Wintergarden site, so it was an inspired choice).
It's so true!
To successfully apply this “blue print” to your daily diet, choose one food item from the below lists, and insert it into the proper column. For example, where it says “Breakfast: 1 carbohydrate” go down to the list of carbohydrates, choose one and insert it into the above plan. Where it says “Breakfast: 1 fruit” go down to the list of fruits and choose one from the list. Do the same with “protein”. You have now personalized your breakfast!
67 ***3. Book Review: Leonard W. Levy, Legacy of Suppression–Freedom of Speech and Press in Early American History (Cambridge, 1960). New York University Law Review, vol. 39, pp. 735-41 (June 1964). (Source: Item D-VIII/26/1963, below. Incorporated, with corrections and complete notes, in Item B-2, above, pp. 33-45 (1975).) See Item D-IV/16/1986, below.
Very matter of fact question and the reason I found it so extraordinary is this, the question told me so much about that individual.
I recently ventured to Green Hills, a shopper's paradise...if you have the bank account to spend. I'm not going psycho with spending money on shopping for myself now that I have to budget for an apartment, rent, insurance, and classroom supplies. But a girl can window shop and dream.
I managed to create a new Digi Stamp through all of the commotion over the past two weeks. She will go up for sale tonight (Estern Standard Time). So be sure to check my Etsy Shop tonight or tomorrow morning (depending on your time zone)!
We weren’t that bad. We had played our mid-afternoon set mostly to the old folks and young families who loiter in parks. We had only a few teenagers there with us, and most were busy trying to discreetly slip more vodka into their Sunny D bottles. Maybe it was the wrong crowd.
You've been patient...
As you can tell, no matter what, stand alones seem to be winning the battle because the only thing bad about them is that there isn’t MORE of them. Series books are more popular these days because they seem to get more interest going than stand alones. Yet the words ‘stand alone’ pretty much epitomize the point: they can stand ALONE. I think it would be great to see more of them than series.
About five years ago at a church service, Arthur Pollard said "my name's written in the book of life and someday I'll be there in heaven". He was there just two years later. So ... death comes sooner than you think. When you hear news like this, nothing else seems important anymore. All throughout the day I'd been making a mental list of people needing prayers, as there were quite a few, but unfortunately something big like this completely takes over and well, everyone else was kinda sidelined.
Then the interruption of that call. Did God not hear me? Was my mother praying for me, again!?
John Thomson was selected by the Rockies in the 7th round of the 1993 amateur draft. After slowly but surely working his way up the minor league system, Thomson won a rotation spot early in 1997. He had a very rough 1999 season and was sent to the minors to work out some kinks for two years before resurfacing in 2001. In his 5 seasons with the big league Rockies, Thomson had a record of 27-43 with a 5.01 ERA and 390 strikeouts. At the 2002 trade deadline, Thomson was traded in a five player deal to the Mets for Jay Payton and two others.
P.S A "Bokkie" is a slang word in Afrikaans for a sweetheart. And God only knows what a Loslappie is, directly translated it's a wet cloth.. So hey :) I just love Afrikaans.
This conclusion ends the worrying uncertainty about the future of the château de Richelieu and parc's historic building complex, which are inseparable from the history of the town of Richelieu and the history of the whole district.
And that... that's actually why I wrote long posts in the vein of what I normally do. I wanted the people that stopped by my blog to see what I'm actually about and make a decision based on me, not a "used car salesman" persona that I threw on during A to Z month to drive traffic in. Having said that, I did do one post that was "lighter" than the rest. It had more pictures than any other post I did and less of me talking. It felt natural to me to demonstrate that one through pictures because of the subject matter: exo-suits. They're just cool. And that post, the one I viewed as kind of a throwaway post, got twice as many page views as the next most viewed A to Z post. And I don't know how I feel about that, because, if I were to pick my top 3 posts of A to Z, or my top 5, or, even, my top 10, that one would not be in it.
The editors of CWMG in their preface to the volume write that the acquisition and publication of these letters have brought home “ whole invaluable new world of Gandhiji hitherto not glimpsed by historiographers.”
Prep time about five minutes. Cooking time about one half an hour.
Two Christian students at the College of Alameda are threatened with expulsion/suspension because one of them had prayed over a sick instructor with the latter’s consent. As for the other student, it’s guilt by association. These students would be celebrated if they were Buddhists, Wiccans, transgenders, or Satanists.
Glimmer continued the situation report, "Orion the whole frakkin platform is taking heavy hits, got multiple friendlies under fire, get out of docking now!"
>10%: According to the U.S. State Department’s “Trafficking in Persons” report for 2004, the fraction of all “human trafficking victims” who were “enslaved” in Japanese hostess clubs (see also “800,000” and “80,000” above).
cook in nutlex until bubbles rise to the top and break aprox 1-2 mins
former employers receive death benefits$$$$$$ on secret, illegal life
Joy turned 2 on Friday after the storm and her party was planned for Saturday. She was very excited about the party and since we had power we went ahead with the plan. I was thankful for my pre-planning and only had a couple of things to finish to execute the party. The party went well and this week Rob is back at work and Joy is back at school. I will post pictures as soon as Rob puts the Mac back up and running, maybe he can make it my computer so I will have access all the time, and just maybe blog a little more!
There is a major solar eclipse on May 20, 2012 that reaches its peak between 4:30 and 5:00 PM PDT.
The yakity-yak of her mother's gossip becomes muffled as the sound of the mixer grows louder in Lyndsee's head. The glass bowl whirls around, displaying every glistening chocolate chip with each rotation. At this point, the lure has Lyndsee's eyeballs pulsating. If she really was a cartoon, this would be the point she blows her smokestack. Her jaw would drop, unraveling a five-foot tongue, as horns blare A-OOGA!!!
Followers (old and new), occasional readers, and real-life friends.
New Yorker Finn has some issues of his own - the main one being that he's completely and utterly in love with his best friend's girlfriend, Samantha. Of course he has no plans to do anything about it... unless Sam and Josh break up. Which could happen, couldn't it? When Finn's not preoccupied with Sam, he's worrying about what he's going to do with his life. His mother's a journalist and theatre critic and his father works in insurance. Finn's not interested in insurance, but he is fascinated by the building his father works in - the Empire State Building. In fact, he wonders if he might like to be an architect. When Finn's running late for his (totally not a surprise) surprise 18th birthday party, he's intrigued by the curly-haired British girl
Alright that's about all I can stomach for now. I am off to go work on my paper that has to be about a significant moment in my life. If anyone has any significant events they would like me to pretend actually happened to me I am taking suggestions.
This way you are staying true to yourself, true to your voice, but you’ve grown new ideas, new perspectives, new points of view.
Communication is the key
I know it caused me to lose a bit of sleep over but I also know it is so much better for our family to be free and clear of any bank notes or financial strings whatsoever regardless of how the future unfolds.
Preheat the oven to 350ºF.
As the sun shines and the snow continues to melt in the San Juan Mountains this month, the Animas River comes hurtling down out of its headwaters to mark another spring runoff season. It passes through Silverton and Durango, flows across the Southern Ute reservation, crosses the border to New Mexico, and meanders past Aztec before finally joining up with the San Juan River in Farmington. Unfortunately for downstream residents, however, the waters of the Animas pick up a good deal of pollutants along this journey.
I alway want to protect you
A “super hero” is a “superhero” is a “super-hero.” It’s a trademarked term. Marvel and DC have owned it jointly since 1979. They argued that consumers associate the word with their products, and so any other company marketing a character as a superhero would be exploiting them.
In the middle of a couple of beers last night, right in the sweet spot, I decided to advertise this little blog on Facebook and Twitter. It’s not much but it does leave me with reservations. Some of those reservations referring to embarrassing myself in front of two’s of people.
laters frenchies
Step two is giving something of value. This is beyond just the simple ebook to get someone to join your list. This is actually starting to build a relationship with your list. They will come to know you as a person they can trust and actually like and listen to. This is where the value comes in. Then, once they like and trust you, you can send them a product or service that they will really spend some time checking out and they will buy – making you a commission essentially.
makes one sandwich
Simple or self-loathing people say "So what?". "It doesn't matter if different people take over!" This shows a failure to understand human nature. They think it will be painless like handing the baton on in a relay race, but examples from history like the Norman invasion, show the oppression the conquered have to endure; other countries like South Africa and Zimbabwe show what will befall our children if the evil elites are not countered.
Now, my opinion and 75 cents will buy you a cup of coffee (unless you’re at Starbucks.) Make no mistake, I’m not an emotional counselor, a psychiatrist or any type of doctor of any kind. I simply blog about mental health advocacy and list the professional agencies here on the site for you to use as needed. My expertise is that of being a human being and any advice I give is based off of my personal experiences.
To begin with, what kind of a reader are you??? If you are a writer, what do you expect of your reader??? This is all inter-related. While teaching reading, I have found that many people, maybe most, are word readers. I used to think that I had no imagination...until I began to understand how I read. I am a reader who is part of the scene--I may be the narrator--I may be the hero or heroine ( not a question of sexuality--- I am a male heroine!) We won't pursue that any further. When I read, I am there, the scene is all around me, I am ducking bullets, arrows, plots along with the rest of the characters of the book.
Alai said that legends are important in Tibetan villages. The epic of King Gesar is still sung by bards today, and he was commissioned by Canongate to rewrite it as part of Canongate's Myth Series (there is more about this on Bruce Humes's website here). It is the longest myth known in the world today. The myth is being rebuilt with the British Council and has proved to be a difficult project due to the extent of the piece, and the influence of Buddhism on the original. At the moment the Canongate myth is only available in Chinese - an English version is expect in 2013.
He is either Happy Baby or Crazy Sad Baby! There is no middle ground...it is very frustrating because he can be happy one minute and wailing the next and I have NO idea what is wrong.
I am a citizen of Heaven, and I eagerly wait for my Saviour, The LORD Jesus Christ, to come from Heaven. He will change my weak mortal body and make it like His own glorious body, using that power by which He is able to bring all things under His rule! Amen!
The words behind are part of a love letter my sweets wrote me.
2: archaic : foreign, alien
I made this Mermaid for my dear friend Paula, who lives in Idaho!
I think it’s strange–I judge other people’s bodies, not just my own. I critique their every bump and curve, every inch of their body. It’s mean what I say about people sometimes. I know I’m being harsh, and I don’t know why I do it. Maybe I see myself in these people. (Not the thin people of course.) But Vernita, even though she’s thin, is a fat kind of thin. Her legs and arms and face are thin, but her stomach pokes out. See? Mean. I have never been a judgmental person, that is why I can’t understand why I am doing it now.
Just know that there will always be this war within you between good and evil, but we have to always strive to give God, our families, friends and the world the best of ourselves in everything we do.
and i realize, too, that at not-quite-two, we haven't really had to face serious situations where we find ourselves at forks in the road where choices get difficult and complicated. but we have always parented out of respect – first and foremost.
Add sliced or grated mozzarella cheese ¼” thick – sliced mushrooms, fresh spinach, sausage (optional). Cover with pizza sauce. Sprinkle heavily with romano cheese and bake for 30 minutes at 450 degrees. … Yum – O …
I'm not real sure why I've been holding on to this one, but I'm sitting across from a plate full of sausage from Taylor Cafe, so I'm glad I did.
I painted all three with just a single coat of a very pale pink acrylic craft paint. (it didn't dry as pale as I thought it would, but I'm okay with it.)
Mimicking my mother from almost 30 years
09-21-2011
growing feet, infant cloth feet, animal
With polls showing a large majority of Americans weary with the war, the president’s aides have discussed whether to accelerate current plans, which call for withdrawing 23,000 troops by September. In Chicago, the United States and NATO allies will ratify a shift in the mission in 2013 from a combat role to one focused on counterterrorism and training of Afghan security forces.
I've been growing two main varieties. Target, a traditional English bittering hop and Bramling Cross, an English aroma hop.
Daughter, dear, you’re an odd one sometimes, but that’s why we love you. 17 months and counting…keep surprising me!
Although it sounds pretty complicated, if you follow Reinhart's directions it comes together fairly easily. I'm still not very confident in my bread-shaping abilities, but my loaves turned out decently and I have to say the aromas wafting through my kitchen as the bread baked were tantalizing!
Now, when I say I’m sorry, I really am in spite of my emotionally-cardboard nature. I’ve thoroughly enjoyed this rollercoaster ride in the blogosphere and met… “met”… some interesting friends. To all of those friends, I’d say:
The Midwives in Private Practice (MiPP) collective has had between 20 and 30 active members since it was formed in 1989. Most of these midwives have had other employment, such as casual work in a maternity hospital, in addition to their private work. There have been a small number (estimated 5) for whom the private midwifery practice is their family's main source of income. Most MiPP members over the years have had their own caseloads, with homebirth being an option for all midwives.
I've been drooling over these quilts for like 2 days. It is shear resolve and lack of rotary cutter in my luggage that I'm not scrambling for the fabric store right this second.
At least one member of the Osirian Court was of an entirely different species to the others: Thoth, who has dominion over time.
The Sparkle Project is Yuna's way of getting her fans to inspire her to make her new music video called Sparkle which will only be taken using samsung note.
Now on the run from a masked assassin, rogue cops and her turncoat uncle, Sara Jane is chased and attacked at every turn, fighting back with cold fury as she searches for her family. It's a quest that takes her through concealed doors and forgotten speakeasies—a city hiding in plain sight. Though armed with a .45 and 96K in cash, an old tattered notebook might be her best defense—hidden in its pages the secret to "ultimate power." It's why she's being pursued, why her family was taken, and could be the key to saving all of their lives.
Notice that when a person does not feel good to you, everything you do is interpreted maliciously regardless of how good your intentions may be. It is because they are trying to find faults in you to use against you. Little do they know that it is stressful and heartbreaking to humble yourself more in trying to reach them yet the efforts are not appreciated rather taken badly every time. It is more distressing and difficult with family members because of the fact that you are affiliated by blood and you have certain expectations from your affiliation which may not be met because of envy and jealousy. So just imagine if you live near each other, you get to see each other all the time, you have more chances to talk and spend time with each other hence it also gives more opportunity for envy and jealousy to likely happen because you get to know and see for yourself what’s new with each other; the things that the other possesses and purchase, the achievements and lifestyles… etc. Seeing more good things happening to another person or family member, one can’t help but feel insecure sometimes with the things that others are able to attain and contribute to the family compared to them. These insecurities if not controlled sooner in the event envy and jealousy will slowly consume the individual’s values and sense of affinity which will dramatically create distance among family members and deteriorate the relationship before they know it. In time it will feel like though they may be physically near yet they seem so far apart from each other. Just think about it, if the occasional family gatherings which rarely happen in a year where almost all family members are present and talks about the recent happenings in their lives, upcoming plans, accomplishments and projects can start jealousy and envy within some family members, what more when you actually live near each other?
You want to see how a man looks when he’s falling in love? This is the film for you.
We believe strongly in the "nose to tail" ethos. These animals have given their lives to put food on our tables, so we respect that sacrifice by using every bit of them. We love organ meats, like liver, heart, and kidneys, and can show you some great ways to cook it. Scraps that we can't use get sold as dog food. We even use our beef tallow to make Fleisher's soap! We try to waste as little as possible.
Rebecca Fjelland Davis Author Interview + Giveaway
Going to the fabric stores are too much of a temptation. I see something I adore and cannot resist the temptation to purchase, without any thought as to how I am going to use it. Here are some ideas for two patterns I couldn’t leave behind.
5.) When we move out of our apartment, we'll get our security deposit returned ($2,000.)
to some forgotten wintery place
And as for planning – with me, there’s pretty much none. Just an idea of where I want to go. And a fair dose of faith and/or hope!
embroidery floss and needle
I've already touched upon the inhumane ritual of tie-wearing: Origin of the Tie. However, today I'm going to address business attire as a whole and discuss the damaging social effects it has on the wearer.
Black tights - Walmart
- Rampant, violent crime, including thousands of brutal, racist murders;
Honestly I think that was the most "interesting" birthday I have had! I wonder if this is a foreshadow as to how the year will go?
We spent the afternoon at the Dubai Autodrome because Paul’s boss Omran and his brother were racing and we thought it would be an interesting experience. Just driving out there was an experience in itself. It is far from the city and is surrounded by construction. We missed the turnoff due to vague signage. We had to go quite a ways to an enormous ROUNDABOUT (my favorite thing) and come back to a different turnoff. Then we wondered around driving generally toward the grandstand which we could see at that point. When we got to what looked like the entrance to the grandstand, it looked deserted except for a few cars parked out in the street and on the sidewalk. We found a parking lot, which was a significant walk away (through construction), so we decided to join the cars parked on the street right outside the entrance.
2. Technology
“The Super Spartan obstacle race provides an 8+ MILES / 20+ OBSTACLES battlefield of insane mud running with 15 or more obstacles to test your physical strength and mental resolve. This endurance race consists of mud runs, trails, and both mental and physical obstacles and challenges.”
Hunted by the Blackwatch—the elite assassins of the enemy—and by her own people, Kate flees deep into tunnels beneath the graveyard city. And she is still inextricably linked to the murderer and traitor Silas Dane, who has crossed the ocean and walked straight into the enemy's hands.
“He’s old,” I murmured, “old man, sore legs.”
Attention 7th and 8th Grade Girls Track Athletes: Track Practice has been canceled for today!
- The energy reminds me of “Orphans” from American Slang, something that has been rare since their first album Sink or Swim
“The night started with an awesome match between the London Luscious Lunch Ladies and the Royal City Rollergirls All-Stars from Guelph. It was an intense game. London had a good lead into half-time with Mighty Thor and Box Kick Betty doing a lot of the jamming against Guelph’s Hot Cross Guns and the Archbitch of Slamterbury. In the second half Guelph came back strong with The Hellcat of Panar jamming quick and slick through a lot of trouble. When trouble found her in the form of the London blockers though, she would fly. London put up a good fight but Guelph quickly caught up to them. They were a mere 3 points behind with seconds left on the clock!
We don’t have a base or building – we’re in a different space every month. We did it that way because we had to – we’re not a denomination or an organisation that has it’s own resources. Maybe one day we will, but for now the Lord has us moving around the city. I like that. There’s a number of things I’ve found as we’ve done that, more by accident than by design, but true all the same. The mobility fosters relationships with others in the city, (pastors, leaders, worshippers), unity and love among the Body of Christ, and enables us to come in a spirit of blessing every time we gather. While we may focus on the area we’re ‘burning’ in, we have a city focus in the gatherings every single time – we don’t get overly introspective about the BURN, which I think comes from us not having a building of our own. You could say we don’t have ‘a patch’ – but Bradford is our patch, our territory, and we will happily and gladly travel to another part of the city to stand with brothers and sisters in the Lord we barely know, join with them in worship and prayer as we seek the Lord to ‘move in’ to their neighbourhood and community. There is something really powerful in that. Even if we were to one day have a building for BURN Bradford, I would expect to still see that kind of mobility.
As the time fast approaches for my Kili Climb, I find that everyone has a tip, trick or piece of advice they wish to impart.
I didn't have a lot of free time while I was in Cairo as I had a very busy schedule at the school but it was great to have had the chance to see a little of it.
I live with twin sisters. They're identical and they both have red hair and freckles. They're actually kind of cute and absolutely hilarious when they start fighting. Here's a play by play of their most recent argument over their dinner.
She’s three at that time
2010.09.06 Afghanistan Paktika 3 5 Freedom fighters shoot three children to death.
Smith enlists Canadian rapper Buck 65 for “Baby, It’s Cold Outside” and reverses the roles — she’s the conniving lothario, he’s the clueless Christmas sheep left for the slaughter.
What pregnancy tips would you share? Any cravings? Things that make you feel better? Funny observations? Did people pat your belly all the time? :)
Tessa used the round baby images in a banner. She simply added them to cardstock and punched them out with a starburst punch. She punched starbursts out of patterned paper and sewed the circles together.
Spellbinders "CLASSIC OVALS LARGE" 15.00 nesting dies BRAND NEW
I cook the meat you gimme the skin
I saw her standing two places ahead of me at the local petrol station. She had in her basket a box of Malteasers and a pair of new silk tights. She still looked fine did Dirty Jude. Pushing 60 I'm sure, but you could shave a good few years off her figure on account of her having no kids, ergo she could pass for late 40s no worries.
11:10 AM - get home. Feed Penny, Macie watches a little more TV (Mickey M.ouse club - the Hot Dog dance at the end is my favorite).
CHiMPS provides all the traditional benefits we expect from caching. To reduce cache latency, CHiMPS duplicates the caches, so that they’re physically located near the hardware logic blocks that access them. To increase memory bandwidth, CHiMPS banks the caches to match the memory parallelism in the code. To increase task-level parallelism, CHiMPS duplicates caches (and their computation blocks) through loop unrolling and tiling. Despite the lack of FPGA support for cache coherency, CHiMPS facilitates data sharing among FPGA caches and between the FPGA and its CPU through a simple flushing of cached values. And in addition, to harness the potential of the massively parallel computation offered by FPGAs, CHiMPS compiles to a spatial dataflow execution model, and then provides a mechanism to order dependent memory operations to retain C memory ordering semantics.
My mother's chicken noodle soup
This recipe was one of Martha Stewart's Cookie of the Day emails. I'm always on the lookout for something a little different, and seasonal recipes are always fun to try. Brownies are always a hit here at our house, and pumpkin, well, it's that time of year!
Elvis Costello I want you UK
Nothing can come between them. Or at least nothing did, until, as part of a Game, they started investigating the missing puzzle piece behind a tragic school shooting that took place 2 years earlier. Suddenly the Game becomes life or death.
Thank you so much to you all for joining us in our Animal Antics Challenge last week. It was so fantastic to see so many of your furry friends and cute and cuddlies !!
Our friends at Castor + Pollux, Brighton have just announced the first UK exhibition of American illustrator Charley Harper's outstanding work. To say we're excited is an understatement!
With 9 years of history there is so much that I could write about today. I could share some of our many happy memories, a time when we faced a challenge and were able to overcome, something funny, a moment of encouragement…the possibilities are endless. After a lot of thinking, though, I finally settled on the story I want to share. Since many of you only know me through this blog and my Twitter and Facebook accounts, I thought it would be fun to share the story of our beginning. I mentioned a little about how we met and started dating on my Valentine’s Day post, but this is the whole story.
I am in the burial chamber of Akbar’s Mausoleum at Sikandra. The fragrance of incense and marigold flowers is pleasant, and instead of the claustrophobia one would associate with underground and enclosed spaces, I feel only peace here. There is nobody in the room, save the caretaker who offers to say a prayer on my behalf, and soon a sonorous prayer fills the room, a prayer that continues to echo in my mind for a long time afterwards.
Labor leaders bemoan the decline of the “middle class,” but the real crime is that they went along with academic sociology and the TV culture which for decades has told workers they are not a “working class,” defined by their social/economic relationship to the means of production, but rather a “middle class” defined by income level and the culture of consumerism. In the face of the economic decline of the American empire and the realignment of economic power toward a rising China, the “middle class” expectations of the American labor movement are no longer affordable in a “profit first” driven economy. Our expectations have burst the limits of capitalism! This objective fact leaves the labor tops with nothing to offer workers today!
Why was I going somewhere new and who would be there to greet me?
When I go back in January, it will be my last quarter.
This has been the number one biggest shock to me over the past five years, and even though I "get it" now, I still wake up every week or two in a panic/depression/rebellion against this idea. I spent literally ten years of my life, ages 13 to 23, focused on only one musical goal: becoming a great songwriter. On the tail-end of that ten years, just as I started to think I might be reaching my goal, I got a wicked-bad feeling that it might not matter. It reminded me of Joseph Campbell's description of a midlife crisis: you spend half your life climbing a ladder, you finally get to the top, and you realize it's up against the wrong wall.
The day I dreaded with my mother, and sister turned out a lot better than expected. I even got my toes doe with out too much groaning. As for the shopping all I have to show are a pair of sunglasses that I got at Rainbows, which were 2 for $10. My sister picked out a pair for herself and I called it a day. Personally I do not want to buy any new clothes until I drop 10 or more pounds. I am not secure enough to wear much of anything that isn’t a big t-shirt and a pair of jeans. Hopefully that will change with time.
I probably will not own a home before I'm 40.
5) mini-portions of mouthwash, hand lotion, and lip gloss. No more. Who am I kidding? Full trousse de maquillage definitely not needed on board. I'm not going to meet the bachelor cousin of the King of Spain in flight or anything. Even if I wear pearls and try to get upgraded to business class. Hah. It ain't the same as the olden days.
Some prisoners would be forced to go to work while sick, for fear of revealing their state of health that would land them in the clinic.
I’ll be updating this relatively often, so feel free to follow me as I delve into the subject much further!
Tabloid magazines are pure “Bread & Circus” – showcases for MK’s owned by U.S. Gov’t under aegis of NSA. Harvey Levin (TMZ), Radar On Line, In Touch Weekly (Bauer publishers) act as ringmasters “spinning” masses causing “dissociative states”… All shots are staged, MK’s are under military guard as part of mass distraction “Bread & Circus” designed to keep you dummed down, sexed up, still believing in the “illusion of inclusion.” Please remember ancient role of scribes (media): to record what the King wanted recorded, nothing else. NSA is MK-Ultra Monarch Prog umbrella org, all else is subordinate, this is top down military — forget this democracy fantasy, it only shows GMT how deeply in REM sleep population remains…
I have spent my whole life asking if there is a god and if so what does it have to do with me.
I then calmly advised him to buy a certain number of a specific menu item that would cost him one hundred and fifty dollars. He inexpertly parried this by asking if he was to buy the food and smear it all over his balls. I confirmed that this was correct and politely ended the call.
One of those dream professional kitchens. In my dream kitchen I would like to have a lunch counter. I just think it would make lunches easier. A lunch counter right across from the sink. In a perfect world. In that perfect world I would have these wonderful adjustable bar stools to go with my lunch counter.
On the desk:
Thursday 6th London Islington O2 Academy
2) Education.
It wasn't just the dancing, the music, the costumes, the theatre.
“I see. And can I ask – which one? I have so many.”
Album: Original Motion Picture Soundtrack Bel Ami
The shares are scheduled to begin trading Thursday on the NASDAQ under the symbol “CG”.
Eugene Simor, Founder and Owner
I’ll have that joy tomorrow. I alternate working on the big project with working on others. Today I’ll be working on a non-fiction book. Fortunately, it seems to be writing itself. That could mean, of course, that I’m writing less well.
Maria tells teen readers abortion is a “hot topic” but that the procedure is “more common than you might think” and “safe and effective, though some people may experience temporary discomfort.” The site’s discussion of risk is limited to advising that it is better to get an abortion sooner rather than later.
The Bond section is fascinating; they have cleverly displayed summaries of the films and characters that relate to each item, so you straight away try to remember the film, when you saw it and with whom. They also throw in plenty of interesting technical information so there’s plenty of “I didn’t know that” comments being passed by the audience.
Stop asking what is my soul’s purpose. This is your service, your assignment. This is certainly the main purpose as you find yourself on this planet at this time. We realize that you might want a different assignment, a more profound service. We also acknowledge that there many others gifts that you bring to this evolution. However, let us assure you, there is no greater service than generating love and compassion from your heart’s chalice into this reality. There is no greater service than shining your light of awareness into those places of darkness and unconscious dysfunction, of prejudice and hatred and any action that diminishes life.
When I was a gusty man and a half
I stitched around the Pink Paislee paper and cut out some felt hearts and flower using the Spellbinders Home Sweet Home die set and added some buttons. I adhered some twine and made the banner using the felt hearts. I then stamped an IBS frame and die cut out using the Spellbinders Label 18.
When gas prices exploded from 2002 to 2008, Democrats — including then-Sen. Obama — were wrong to blame George W. Bush, just as Republicans are wrong to blame Obama for the 107 percent jump since 2009. So who can we blame? The “blame,” if that’s the word, lies largely with the ever-changing market cycles of supply and demand — not just in the U.S., but around the world. I know, I know. It would be so much simpler if you could just blame one person for the rise in global commodity prices. But that’s not how it works. Sorry.
A knot formed in her stomach. How could this moment be wrong, Matt is everything I want. He’s really likes me. Jeez ….stop being a worrywart.
~Choose images from magazines to create a collage;
(You know what that means.)
You may also want to add that you want her in the family photos and then the sitter can take over.
Deciding to string him along for a while, I wrote to ask which publishing industry trade organization it was. This produced a blustery and not entirely straightforward response. He was "not allowed to disclose that during an open investigation." I, on the other hand, should hold myself to a different set of ethics: "Since you report this information, please follow the industry standard of reporters in providing these types of background details upon request."
In the process, the workshop will maintain a strong focus on the built and natural landscapes of Los Angeles, a region prone to forest fires, drought, and flash floods, smog, landslides, and debris flows, climatic extremes, seismic activity, surface oil seepage, and methane clouds. These tacit connections with nature, even in the apparently manufactured terrains of greater Los Angeles, will be scrutinized.
So whats new with me!?
18 Requiem
Bed bugs? I didn't think we had a bed bug problem in Hawaii.
At the beginning of When Harry Met Sally, Harry (Billy Crystal) is full of himself and obnoxious, but some his comments are so outrageous they’re funny. By the middle of the film, he has matured and his insights on men/women relationships start to make sense.
Showed it to the teenager who said "What is that?", "Why didn't you ask me before you made it?" and " You're not going to wear it are you?".
Soy sauce: 1 tbsp
After their father loses his store in a fire, the Pierce family resettles in the Texas Panhandle. It will require some adapting by each family member, of course, though the twins, Bert and Dick, seem to have it best of all the children. They just can't stop from saying 'oh golly' every time they enter a scene. But for Melinda, the move is doubly hard. She can't stop thinking that she was meant to stay in East Texas and attend the same ladies academy as her best friends. And the move west seems to have doubled her responsibilities. Melinda's "new life" doesn't get off to the best of starts. For while she's busy daydreaming, her youngest sister wanders away. And it takes hours and hours to find her. But the afternoon isn't a complete loss for there is one special young man, Dennis Kennedy, who helps Melinda search for her sister.
It was this realization that encouraged me to research, write and teach the importance of understanding these cognitive mindsets, how they influence us and how we can easily change the dynamics of a mindset and change the way we think and see things.
Nick Clegg, of the Lib Dem persuasion
This one is fun because a lot of times my family can come too! We use this to eat out after church, go out on dates, get my hair cut, go on fun outings with the family, etc.
Decide on your future heading.
Are these really the names
Nevertheless, optimism can’t be denied, so I’m going to embrace the next big thing in lighting, LEDs. I like the idea of a lightbulb that lasts forever (will we ever learn?!), and I also like the idea that LEDs use virtually no electricity (now I believe the hype, I may as well follow it to its bitter end).
My favorite of these two table runners is the one with the black lace trim.
The paperwork confirmed that a local black detective signed for the firearm on collection at our administrative section. What concerned me was that the murder scene in Umlazi occurred after the date on which the firearm had been collected! This was a most unusual state of affairs, as never in my entire police career, nor in my wildest dreams, did I ever imagine that a firearm could possibly be involved in a crime AFTER the police had taken custody of it!
And I know you love me too
The good of Earth comes from above the point of make and break where help is help and honestly. The pain of Earth comes from the tones where help does not exist or where it’s used to pull us into agony.
Alright, enough blabbing about my past food troubles. If you made it through all that you a high five. Or pat on the back. Your choice! If you skipped to this part where I’ll talk about the granola, I totally understand.
Poker rakeback enables you to be a winning gamer. If you are a fish, poker rakeback will make you a break even or perhaps a successful gamer.
To shout with joy and valor of a truth to sweep the earth
2. The New Testament affirms the Abrahamic Covenant cannot be broken
CD: How does your work vary throughout the year? Starting say from the end of the festival in October?
This is a woman who apparently has a masters degree in criminology.
But not because of the impeccable service, gourmet food and the miles of leg-room. For me, it's because of people... like Karen.
The ski resorts in the Pocono Mountains of Pa. are not doing too good with it being such a warm, snowless Winter here. But I always say that Mother Nature corrects herself so who knows what we will be in for before Spring comes....
Jesus said to them, “If you were Abraham’s children, you would be doing the works of Abraham. But now you are trying to kill me, a man who has told you the truth that I heard from God; Abraham did not do this. You are doing the works of your father!”
Dusky light is getting to ebb.
Strong, ready for the next chapter, time to turn the page now
For my first card I used Compact Family - stamping all the words that apply to my sister (and myself actually!) She's a wife, niece, mum, grandmother, friend. I drew lines in pencil across the panel to help me get the stamping straight!
Laura Angilletta, 23, New York, N.Y.
How many married actresses can command a price at par with those of top heroines in Bollywood?
Eyes: E31, E35
Best of all, I did not have to lug in all the stuff to make green eggs and ham this year! The school lunch ladies made green eggs and ham for lunch! Bless their hearts!
As far as weight, it is melting away, as are the years of mileage on my face. As of this weekend I was about to break the 200 barrier, a barrier I have not broken since back in 2005 when I worked for Palisades. That's significant. ESPECIALLY since I ballooned up to nearly TWO-HUNDRED AND FIFTY-SEVEN about a month after Bennett's surgery. It was a low point in my life, that much is certain. I got back down into the 220's last year, but still..I was in the 180's when I got married, I was in the 170's when I was courting, and I was in the 160's in college.
I successfully avoided the temptation of the biscuit plate by furiously masticating my breakfast apple, which took my mind off the food.
"But where are we going? We want to know," they whined.
- First aid kit
28-32 cups of Roma tomatoes (about 16 pounds)
Enterprise Manager 12c brings us a solution to this problem by introducing ‘Administration Groups’. When setting up an Administration Group, you need to identify specific Target Properties like ‘Department’, ‘Line of Business’, ‘Lifecycle Phase’ and others to relate to a certain level in the Administration Hierarchy. Where a Hierarchy might be based on multiple Properties.
WHAT IS THIS ODD SENSATION?
What happened next, is nothing short of remarkable. To the surprise of all in attendance, Nicolet and Rivière revealed their intention to return the purchased assets to their prior owner. By the close of the auction, Henri had already received the keys to the workshop. As a testament to the spirit of Le Mans, Nicolet has also vowed to ensure Pescarolo is supplied with all necessary equipment upon his return to competition. This includes required aerodynamic chassis development in order to allow the P01 to comply with 2011 ACO technical regulations. The reborn Pescarolo squad will now run under the name ‘Pescarolo Team.’
I also occasionally use another solution, that of actually modifying the sleeve and bodice pattern pieces so that the gusset allowance is built into them, so you don't end up with an ugly wedge-shape in your armpit. But it's too hard to explain that method here. And I find sewing them much more difficult, and then if they don't work, it's not simply a matter of taking them out and putting in new ones. I basically only use that solution if a designer insists that they don't want the football kind.
The official reason being given is that Hague and The Boy are going to be at the Commonwealth Heads of Government Meeting in Australia. Hague, we are told, wants to "spearhead the Government fight", so the date has been moved to accommodate him.
Rain Drops in Petal Pink Jack and Jenny by Laurie Wisbrun
"Take my photograph, will you? Asshat. What the fuck, get out of my face." He flips a posse of mainlanders the finger. (Whatever happened to the two-fingers? Justin is British. But everyone is American these days when it comes to hand gestures, to swearing. Cultural imperialism. Thank you television, thank you movies.)
Even the big glitzy dance numbers mix East and West. In real life, Kattan struggled to learn how to do Indian dance — and that found its way into the plot of Bollywood Hero. When he finally gets the choreography down, he sets out to impress a Bollywood starlet, played by real-life Indian cinema goddess Neha Dhupia. He asks her to dance — and suddenly the two of them are decked out in bejeweled costumes, surrounded by a dozen dancers. That wouldn’t be out of place in a Bollywood hit, but here the music has a distinctly Western disco flavor.
1 12 oz pkg frozen seasoning blend
The Packers concentrated on upgrading their defense in this draft and I liked the players they picked. Perry will provide a constant edge rushing presence so Clay Mathews can move around and make plays. Worthy adds some physicality to their front and will be a huge help in run defense, and Casey Hayward from Vandy is a solid all around player who can create turnovers.
Played out with all the best intentions.
first of all, I always look a HOT MESS
But let’s get one thing straight. Anyone can call anything cool and they’d be right because it’s their opinion. Cool is subjective.
Congratulations to Rory Mcilroy on winning the Shanghai Masters and picking up the larget prize in golf, a cheque for £1.25m.
I've also got two more music videos to work on for World Collision, one to promote the Nosferatu soundtrack they recorded and one for their next album! I'm very excited for both of them! I've gotten to listen to bits and pieces of the studio version of the Nosferatu soundtrack and, I've gotta tell you, it's pretty fabulous!
all oppression is connected
Lego Building Plates (x12) - $63.47
Left Hand Milk Stout
I’m adding the Tete de Moine to my growing list of favorite cheeses. This is a cheese that would not only be good at a party, it could become the center of attention.
COST: No charge for tuition, training and materials as this training is sponsored by MAPPP-SETA. Successful candidates will pay a registration fee of R200.
1 note
Enough success to keep you eager.
Death is an integral part of human life. From embryo to newborn to adolescent to adult to the old-timer sighing out a death rattle, there is a natural progression in human societies as we age. For many, the fear of the inevitable death is mitigated by the knowledge that their legacy will continue with the children they have engendered and raised to carry on family traditions. For others, there is no consolation in death, only the forced acceptance that from birth, one is in a constant state of dying. Old age in particular contains its mixture of memory and grim acceptance: nostalgia for things now past, with few certainties besides death remaining for them to experience.
Before she headed to the airport we relived some of the great memories we shared. Like it was a cold day back in FEB 2010 that we first met. She was our car buddy for our big trip to Nashville, TN but during that trip she became more than a car buddy she was our stuffy buddy furever! We sure have had fun in these two years...
I am a regular reader of ET.. today my paperboy decided that I should try out something different, He dropped Mint along with my HT.
Otherwise, your hard-earned money might still end up promoting abortion, homosexual marriage, and only God knows what else!
I am not sure whether to share this one.
102. For Lay, mother and grandmother are the most important people in his life.
Let's do a little experiment. Yesterday, somewhere between playing Minecraft with some friends from Not Back to School Camp and looking at vlogs, Chloe learned about Queen Ranavalona the First.
Trying to outline the current (as of Dec 2010) strategy:
as in heaven
Roo: E11, E30, E33, E34, Nose: C7 Ears: RV52 V000
X. Emplary
Our dress is not quite as engineered as the original! Being made in stretchy latex it does tend to stay up well over the boobs (it hasn’t been tested to see if it will withstand being carried around by lots of male dancers. If anyone would like to test drive the dress in this way then get in touch!).
I think both of them are worth your time. The Nov. 2nd (I think) one has less of the
the genome of you, illness is doing its work.
“Howbeit the most High dwelleth not in temples made with hands, as saith the prophet.”
* I have tickets to go out to California to see my sister and niece this summer. I can’t wait to see that little girl. God, I miss her!!
the good news is:
Oh, when will we ever learn?
I will make a short post from my mobile on Thursday after getting my new nails.
Shepherds may come and go but sheep will remain sheep; the people have gotten a new life certificate.
One last thing to remember, no matter how much Haste you have, in panic situations without the correct tools, you will always feel like that critical heal is coming too slow.
Brought to You By the Republican Party: Newt Gingrich, representative of Georgia’s 6th congressional district and formerly the 58th Speaker of the House.
2) Bold all the items you’ve eaten.
15. My mother taught me: ENVY.
to have a great source of ways to communicate with others before and after a disaster. It is important not to push too hard to make someone understand. Just put out the idea of prepping and soon enough those people who you want to help will start to help themselves.
Eleanor’s babysitter, Bibi, the one she has had all her life (she’s eight years old) and whom she loves dearly is moving away. While she is feeling very sad that Bibi has gone, she must get used to a new babysitter, and a new class at school and a new teacher. Matthew Cordell has made wonderful drawings for the book. You can really see how Eleanor looks and feels. If you are eight years old, you will love this book. If you are eighty, but can remember being eight, you will love it too. The book is about losing something that you cherish, finding out that life goes on, and that you never really lose people you care about. Eleanor learns a lot in the month covered in this small book and it is imparted with all the understanding and humour of how life seems to a child. Excellent and I recommend it as a great gift for a child in your life.
Yet, I completely understand why a brand new lieutenant would do whatever it takes to get to a deploying unit right now. The window feels like it is closing fast. There’s a fear of being that guy who just missed it, and who has to walk around with a bare right shoulder until he gets another opportunity, which may be never.
While your heart beats here
"My friend, these are all free for you, I just ask one small thing."
I am just beginning to understand the relationship that God intended for us to have with him through Christ. It's so hard to wrap my mind around his love in general... let alone the personal intimate love that he desires to have with me.... I am his. He is mine. Nothing can separate us... I am eternally his.
Only after Jews were identified — a massive and complex task that Hitler wanted done immediately — could they be targeted for efficient asset confiscation, ghettoization, deportation, enslaved labor, and, ultimately, annihilation. It was a cross-tabulation and organizational challenge so monumental, it called for a computer.
If you read the poem carefully there are clues that it’s not as straightforward as you think. The two paths, he wrote, had been worn "really about the same", and "equally lay / In leaves no step had trodden black", showing the reader that neither road was more or less travelled, and that the choices may in some sense be equal. Anyway no matter which road you take, it will make all the difference.
Okay, I’ll get off my soapbox now…
After his death in 1607, the relics of Patriarch Job were buried by the western doors of the Dormition Church of the monastery in Staritsa. Many miracles took place at his grave.
We all like to be listened to; it is in our nature. Children are no different. If a child screams everytime she is put into a car seat, she is telling you that she doesn't want to be there. This is simple and well understood. We can't change OUR behavior but we can make it comfortable back there or give her a choice about how she can get in there. But we must communicate with no emotion (just the facts) that she will be in the car seat buckled if the car is to move. It is the clear and emotionless communication that is going to give this child the message that this is an absolute, and once that is communicated less behavior will occur, i guarantee it.
There are a few top-notch writers who do radio ads, but generally I've seen them passed down to juniors. Now this certainly doesn't necessarily mean they'll be worse - there's no saying junior writers couldn't write a better ad than a senior. But it does seem indicative of the lack of love for the medium within agencies. I wonder if it's partly due to there being a lack of something to look at when it's finished? I've never seen a creative, or an agency dig out its best radio spots to show off their skills.
I plan to take a trip in June;
There are jars that need turning and knobs and handles....perhaps a dragon or two...
There were a lot more amazing people and I have many stories. The biggest thing all these amazing people have taught me is that we're all one. Back in the days we looked further than skin colour, hair type, parents' background, housing, education and so on. I hope these people remember me in the same way I remember them. It is truly beautiful when I think back, even though it was a rough time for our families. We all knew, but somehow it didn't matter.
As in the proverbial buffet dinner, there is something for everyone including:
My other homework assignment was to look at my relationship. To see how we complete each other, how we play off of one another. How we push each other to grow, etc. I have a basis for this (I know there are a lot of ways in which my SO has caused me to grow and change for the better), but I’m not sure if I’m supposed to be looking at it from another angle, or something else. I imagine it’ll become clearer in time.
I think that’s interesting.
UV Sensitive – I burn real easily. It also goes away quickly without leaving a tan. Thanks, skin!
If you are a hop head you should seek this beer out. I would gladly take the winter version or the summer version any time I had the chance to have either of them. I said it in my post about Alesmith Speedway stout, but if Alesmith came to Indiana I am pretty sure I would buy enough of it to justify them coming to Indiana.
