When looking at that bird I was reminded of how God looks after the sparrows and how much more important we are to Him. The verse I think, goes perfectly with the title "He Knows my Name" which came to me after asking God what I should name it. I was really excited when the next day (today!) I sat down to do my bible study and that very same verse was one that I had to read. I love it when God does that, I guess He's trying to tell me something! The study I am doing is "lies Women Believe and the Truth that Sets Them Free" Two of the truths I learned today are:
This Saturday is my birthday. And while I’ve never been one to turn down a celebration–whether said celebration takes the form of wine, food (specifically the three-course tasting menu at Julienne), or a jump out of a perfectly good airplane–the past couple of years have seen me less and less inclined to announce my birthday. Or, more to the point, my age.
So back to the topic, I attended a hair event/ talk regarding a new product "Dyna" and was there as a hair model.
I was a little surprised she took to green beans like she did, but she eats them up. And cold too. Must feel nice on her gums.
Benefit plans specially designed by employers for key employees and executives are often times intended to help recruit, retain and reward. These plans provide financial benefits, specifically wealth accumulation and death benefit protection. Basic benefit and retirement plans have restrictions, such as contribution limits for 401ks or low face amounts in group life insurance plans, whereas executive benefit plans cater to rising stars and C-suite employees.
Frankly, since I am so busy getting ready to move- the holiday has really taken a back seat to my other excitement,,,but I am glad both are almost here.
“They’ve been doing that a lot this year,” she said. “We don’t know why.”
***THIS IS NOT A GIFT***
Laugh if you will, but read them, and carefully consider the implications of each.
“I want to applaud the Komen Foundation for recognizing the role community partners, especially Planned Parenthood, play in the fight against breast cancer,” said Council Member Margaret Chin. “Having easily accessible and unbiased women’s health organizations in our communities allow those who would otherwise be excluded— such as low-income, minority women— to receive comprehensive care. As Republicans step up their attacks on reproductive rights, we need allies that will stand against playing politics with women’s health. I want to take this opportunity to reaffirm my full support for Planned Parenthood and the work that they do in New York City and across our nation.”
This is, of course, assuming that the action is set in the real world. Just as Beckett never mentions Dublin by name, nowhere in my book does it say that the setting is the Irish Free State (as Ireland was between 1922 and 1937). None of the towns mentioned will be found on any map, although the town from which Milligan and Murphy hail, Lissoy, is the old name for Auburn in County Westmeath which sits in the middle of the island. The original Irish name for the village was Lissoy, i.e. Lios Uaimhe, fort of the cave.
Life more life is the bliss we earn when our existence on earth is truly beautiful.
Ha! The typical response? Chastisement that ‘the lady doth brood too much’?
I know, mijita, I know. It is unfair.
I woke up this morning rolled over to feel for Him as I always do and He was already awake. He had been up for about 30 min. and was just laying there playing with His Iphone. We kissed and I rubbed on Him a bit, but we had plans. We were up and at 'em for a busy day. I am finally home, but He is off doing something.
It's hot in Austin, TX in the summertime. Time for some easy drinking beers to help refresh. A Kolsch should be a nice mellow session beer.
STEP 1: In a saucepan, put the strawberries, sugar and lemon juice.
Phillips acknowledged that the act has limited actions in “response to the outbreak of global terrorism that we have seen over the last decade," but, he said: "It is essential that (immigrants) and their children and grandchildren should be confident that their adopted country treats them without discrimination and with due respect for their human rights. If they feel that they are not being fairly treated, their consequent resentment will inevitably result in the growth of those who, actively or passively, are prepared to support the terrorists who are bent on destroying the fabric of our society." There we have it: the law prevents the authorities combating terrorism and so reduces the risk of terrorism!
First off, Mike Daisey is my favorite monologist (why yes, there is competition). I first caught him doing 21 Dog Years: Doing Time @ Amazon.com, a show about his experiences at the online giant, and have made it a point to catch him ever since, which has gotten me to the bulk of his other shows (including three out of the four of his Great Men series he did up on Cap Hill).
The only difference is the lack of a die roll. It has a big effect on play, but that doesn’t mean you’re suddenly taking the express train straight to Crazytown.
I have also enjoyed watching the bonding between the boys and their daddy's football fondness. It starts with the all-out attire, leads to the football food (wings, chips, and "junk" food), and continues with hours and hours of screaming, jumping, and high-fiving.
Asian and African languages including Bengali, Gujarati, Urdu, Arabic and Farsi appear on the list as do dozens of obscure tongues including Bambara, Ewe, Xhosa and various dialects of Mandarin Chinese.
Watching movie reruns is as satisfying as watching a new movie at the theaters. There are so many movies out there that are worth watching couple times over, and then there are movies that you either watch only once or regret even watching it. But with reruns comes overkill. Don’t watch movies over and over again within a short time frame, it will leave a lasting imprint which isn’t always a positive thing.
"Do you believe Jesus appears on toast?"
The Body Language Cards are used as an integral part of professional body language courses; a method used in the training of executives, sales forces and professional security personnel and in colleges to enhance students presentation, leadership and interview skills.
This area of preparing isn't all that exciting but some things we stocked up on in the past month were:
Here are the last few polls:
I love reviews like these, not only because they are very flattering but also because this is the review of a reader who got it. Know what I mean? Sometimes, at least for me, I find making that connection is more gratifying than the raves. (Yeah, Celina--right) I love it when someone finds the dichotomy in my main character (Tamsen was written intentionally as a response to the hard, brittle fantasy heroine. I wanted to make sure she retained her humanity even in a world of elves and centaurs--and a tender love coupled with crippling emotional blows make a character more credible, in my point of view at least) or recognizes the scope in which I've written the story (the battle in Ilia--the second Trojan War in my imagined world of Asphodel--and how that one event can culminate multiple story lines). And while I really hope I produce the next Harry Potter--who wouldn't?--the fact that this reviewer saw past the story and into what I was trying to do means so much and gives me something to build from as I move into other stories.
Tommy Harper is the third AL guy in a row which has been pretty rare so far in this set. He does break one streak though, in that his '73 season was a pretty big one. In a sort of comeback year Tommy boosted his offensive numbers pretty considerably in Boston and led the AL in stolen bases, setting a Red Sox record in the process. He gets a sunny spring training shot here, which is appropriate because he was generally a well-spoken, thoughtful guy. He got good props in "Ball Four" and his profile would get raised years later after he was done playing but we can get to that below.
You gotta slop, bop, flip-flop,
Where the school library shares facilities and/or resources with another type of library, such as a public library, the unique aims of the school library must be acknowledged and maintained.
to its sublime symphony
Terry Dowling – Two Steps Along The Road
Benefits: librarians aware of current research and publishing trends within the departments they support. They can extract and repackage reuse data. Next up: Health Sciences Library has been collecting information to add to this tool. The initial goal was to allow library staff to feed current publications into their IR, they founda bout 30% were unfindable so the IR can allow them to make the research papers, PowerPoints, publications findabilty.
(*2&4th verses gets the oomph)
The first time I used the shadows, I sat down and attempted a purple smokey eye (above). I assumed that these would be just as pigmented as all the other indie shadows I've tried, so I laid down a medium purple widely in the crease (Sailor Saturn). I like to lay down a light or medium shade in the crease first, and deepen it with a darker colour later on. It's ultimately easier for me to blend and reduces the chances of me ending up with a nasty muddy browbone (and lets face it, that happens far too often for my liking!)
They have taken bailouts from taxpayers with impunity, and continue to give Executives exorbitant bonuses.
It somehow managed to be both a good performance and a depressing game to watch. Players and fans alike are clearly tired. I think we’re all ready for the season to end.
But I have told and lived some smokin lies in my day. Good heavens.
“Offering our customers a shopping experience that is both entertaining and relevant is at the core of what we do,” Sandy Conrad, HSN’s senior vice president of merchandising, said in a canned statement. “We’re excited to have Randy Travis kick off Memorial Day weekend and be a part of HSN’s first-ever Americana event.”
I am working on a ton of new signs and I hope to have them done and listed by the end of this week, and a bunch of orders I have been working on too.
Baby Buggy Boogie by The Milo Twins
93. Symarip - These Boots Are Made For Walkin' (2:54)
Rep hauls in this bottle of bourbon, starts talking about price points and bulk deals, boss says "Can I open it?" Rep says "If you're going to sample it, go ahead. I haven't had a chance to yet either."
Also given star treatment was International Monetary Fund chief Christine Lagarde, who delighted the delegates at dinner Thursday when she suggested that the financial crisis might have been averted, or at least been much less serious, if more women had been at the helm of financial institutions.
To officially say "thank you" we're having a small giveaway... We'll send one lucky reader the supplies to make a patterned paper wreath of their own: A wreath form, glue sticks, lovely paper and an embellishment.
During my visit to Halifax, Nova Scotia on April 14-15th, for the Titanic 100 commemoration, I met numerous people, young and old, from different ethnic backgrounds and without necessarily a direct relationship to any Titanic victims or survivors, who flocked from all corners of the globe, to be part of this special remembrance. Some were die-hard Titanic fans, fondly known as “Titaniomaniacs” and some were novices just like me. Notwithstanding their knowledge base disparity, both groups share even one hundred years later, an unrelenting fascination with Titanic.
9. Fold one strap piece in half lengthwise and press.
And now you want to cut our soldiers pay, putting their life on the line for free?
The heart that they stood in...blue was their color (it was really big and I had to get on Jesse's shoulders to be up high enough to get a good pic)
The MTA’s deal with Forest City Ratner simply does not make sense. Many are questioning why the MTA, who is facing a potential budgetary gap of $615 million next year, and today faces a $343 million massive budgetary gap, is able to accept a $20 million payment towards a $100 million dollar property deal. This purchase and construction of the Atlantic Yards Development by Forest City Ratner was also given the option of spreading the balance of $80 million owed in payments over a 21 year period.
The United Nations was formed to force the nations of the world to solve their differences aside from bloodshed. Our newspapers daily inform us that they are failing and they will fail. How do I know? I am reading Matthew 24:6. “And ye shall hear of wars and rumours of wars: see that ye be not troubled: for all these things must come to pass, but the end is not yet.”
The scholarship provider happens to be Kobrand Corporation, which Professor Kolpan describes as “one of America’s leading marketers and importers of fine wines.” The scholarship is in memory of R.C. Kopf, the founder of Kobrand, and is continued by his three daughters. It has been available to students for the past fifteen years. Two scholarships are awarded to CIA students per year; one scholarship is awarded to Cornell, UNLV, and Johnson & Wales as well.
"You know the ticket that we bought for the train?"
How Does 3D Television Work?
Not knowing exactly what is going to happen in Haiti, we have spent the last couple of weeks frantically attempting to finish the dossier that we began in February. (For those not in the know, a homestudy and dossier normally take about 3-4 months to complete because many pieces of it are not under our control.)
Tongue’s tips tickling
Sprinkle chopped, fresh parsley over the entire stew and serve.
And, this should not be news, The New York Times does not respond to each of the thousands of letters-to-the-editor it gets every day.
The role of a ‘trophy wife’ is to look her absolute best wherever she goes, whether it’s with her husband or alone. Even something as small as going to get some milk and bread; she has to put on appealing make-up, put on fancy or sexy clothes, and she has to strut her stuff. When she is with her husband, she has to stay behind him and pretty much worship the ground he walks on. In all honesty, I never understood why men love that until I really thought about one day while watching an episode of “Wife Swap.” Oh man, I wanted to smack some sense into the guy. His wife is walking out to run some errands, and he has to approve of how she looks. If she isn’t wearing the right clothes or doesn’t have enough or the right make-up on, he sends her back to their room to redo something. I can understand wanting to look good for your husband, but come on, there is such thing as overkill. I think men see it as security, and caring way too much about what other people may think. The other thing that really irritates me is when the man shows her off like she is a piece of property; like showcasing her to others. I mean, loving her and wanting everyone to know it and being proud to be with her is wonderful and very awesome; but to show her off like an object is just straight up wrong and beyond degrading. Men, I keep saying it and I will say it again; women are not property, they are human beings with feelings and they deserve the upmost respect and dignity.
For those of you kind enough to remember and ask about my brain-teaser of the past weeks, here is Zombie Sheep's Laboratory. The brains were made from polymer clay (my first use of clay!) with help from a You Tube video. I'll link it up when I find it again. :)
Much time has passed since we began this project, so we are extending the deadline to May 15 for new or updated personal impact essays, poetry, illustrations, photographs and other creative work inspired by Adam since the end of the Glam Nation Tour, December 2010.
Though these women are not physically bound by slavery, they are being held by the power of a belief system that appears to be picking and choosing verses exclusively for the benefit of men.
Every year I try to experiment with new recipes for the Passover Seder. Although the tried and true will be making an appearance on the blog this week, I wanted to start off by bragging about what should be an amazing kosher for Passover torte (cake) I made.
Who commands us to work on.
Meh...its okay.
It was recorded on a budget and with limited time, this suits the shambling style that Belle and Sebastian have. It starts with The State I’m In, this is fantastically sarcastic. It sets the tone for the rest of the album. Songs about failure, tragedy, loneliness and alienation, with an upbeat pop melody. Expectations a sad tale of teenage life, rejection, the incessant pain of normality. This story is told on the way to school on Monday morning.
Event Deadline: 25 November 2011
Ours is a perfect Father! He knows the way that we ought to go. Ours is simply to hold His hand and follow. No matter whether sunshine or shadow we turn our faces to Him in faith. I read a quote today:
Last year, I got into a little show called The Sing-Off on NBC, a mini-series of sorts in which a cappella groups from around the country competed for a big cash prize and a record deal. I loved it, down to host Nick Lachey, his corny puns, and his constant, constant insistence that it was A CAPPELLA, NO ACCOMPANIMENT, JUST VOICES, DID I MENTION IT'S A CAPPELLA, DO YOU KNOW WHAT THAT MEANS IT'S NO VOICES!
thanks so much for popping by, means a lot ;D
We're coming to the end of September and Autumn has officially come to say hello. With the nights drawing in and a distinct chill in the air, I always feel Britain somehow sigh's with relief. No longer does it have to flit between hot and rainy- trying to satisfy our summer fantasies, it can relax and do what it does best....be friggin' freezing.
Most of it was just grass, not grand enough to be called a lawn, spotted with daisies and dandelions, it had a round dip halfway down that we sometimes called a fairy ring. There were borders for flowers, with roses for making squashed-petal-perfume, snap-dragons that would open their mouths as we squeezed at the side, and livingstone daisies that closed tight every night as the sun went down and opened again like magic in the morning. There was a bumpy stone path that led alongside the washing line to the bottom of the garden, where the compost heap and the gooseberry bushes sat either side of the huge green swing.
22 June
One summer afternoon I walked back from town and saw the house was for sale and that the realtor had left the front door open during daylight hours. I just had to go inside and explore, and so, with the curiosity of Fox Mulder and the cowardice of Don Knotts, and armed only with a sketch pad, I slipped into the dark, creepy house.
Other posts that you may find interesting:
I was naive to think eugenics were limited to the Nazis during WWII. "States began practicing eugenics in earnest in the United States in the 1920s and ’30s, driven by a philosophy of social engineering once so popular that President Woodrow Wilson, Justice Oliver Wendell Holmes Jr. of the Supreme Court and Margaret Sanger, the founder of Planned
BBC Audio have released the cover and info on a new exclusive Torchwood audio CD story:
Oh wow. Seeing as how my last post took place when Kellen was 4 months old, its easy to do the math. Its been exactly one month since I posted. Surely you're all sitting on the edge of your seat wondering what we've been up to lately...
And it’s tough not to think, Is that really you God?
When I was in college I was young and not really sure of my self. I went to a Art school out of High School. I met students that were much more mature than me. Not only mature but they were guided and pampered and given so much encouragement for their art. They had parents who had enrolled them in art classes and museum schools for Children. I was totally innocent. I just showed up because some Art teacher in my senior year finally told me I had potential. But it was a shock when I got to Art School. California College of Arts and Crafts. It was 1971 and Berkeley...there was so much going on and this was the first time I lived alone from my parents home.
That makes Brighton the most expensive place in the UK in which to park!
Dr. Seuss: Did the chicken cross the road? Did he cross it with a toad? Yes, the chicken crossed the road, but why it crossed I've not been told.
This post is longer than I would like, but I have to share another amazing moment during my short running career. During the Rock n Roll Half Marathon that I ran last month in New Orleans, I stopped during a portion of the run through the French Quarter to stretch my excruciatingly painful IT band. A group of tourists on the sidewalk (I don’t think they were marathon spectators as they were walking in and out of the shops) stopped near where I was stretching and said “Don’t stop! You got this! Keep running!”
The only Robert Louis Stevenson work I’ve read is The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and it has been some time since I’ve read it. I’ve already listened to an audiobook version and need to type of the review. I’m currently listening to Treasure Island and greatly enjoying it. I’ve got Kidnapped on my pile of books and hopefully I’m able to get to it this month. Do you plan on reading any Stevenson this month? If so, what works of Robert Louis Stevenson interest you?
I remember one commercial for a skin-whitening product. A fair-skinned woman gave birth to a dark baby, and her fair-skinned husband was surprised. Then, the camera zooms in on the woman. She has a playful smile on her face. The voice over says, “What’s her secret?” and goes on to talking about the whitening cream. When I told my Austrian cousin about this, he said it was pretty racist. Of course, just because a foreigner says it is racist, doesn’t mean it is. What are the standards for something to be considered racist anyway? I only know how to judge things by instinct, but I know that’s not enough.
Willing suspension of disbelief is one of the oldest formula for justifying fantastic and non-realistic elements. It often applies to fictional works of action, comedy, science fiction, horror and fantasy. The term was coined by English poet and aesthetic philosopher Samuel Taylor Coleridge. While working on the Lyrical Ballads with fellow poet William Wordsworth, Coleridge wanted to revive fantastic elements in poetry (which he eventually did with poems like The Rime of the Ancient Mariner, Christabel, Kubla Khan et al).
With a passion, and knack, for facilitating projects, she decided to continue in the curatorial stead and organise a group show.
I saw two sparrows sitting on the telephone wire, yesterday. They were far apart. I found myself contemplating them. I could barely see them, but I knew they were sparrows. I thought about sparrows and their symbolic meanings, i.e., the peasants, the foundation of the world, the workers whose shoulders bear the weight of the rest of the u-n-i-verse, and the beings that stay invisible in order to stay alive.
Not long after Dean Haskins posted the 6 January 2012 update to his story, “Dr. Conspiracy”, commonly known as “Dr. C.”, posted a commentary about this matter: http://www.obamaconspiracy.org/2012/01/another-1961-certificate-number/
This post will include the news from the period of April 1 – 21. Then this Friday I will get back on a weekly schedule.
A culture dedicated to e-reading will kill bookstores.
Broadcast on Tuesday, 13:30 on BBC Radio 4, and
17. My Life Would Suck Without You
It all started with Jawaharlal Nehru, who was the first Prime Minister of India after independence from Britain. Nehru's only daughter was Indira Gandhi, who had two stints as prime minister before being assassinated in 1984. Her elder son Rajiv succeeded he lost an election and was later assassinated in 1991. Her other son, Sanjay, also had a ton of political power but never held office and died in a plane crash in 1980. Rajiv's wife Sonia then became involved in politics and now leads the Congress Party in India. Many believe she's the most powerful person in the country. Her son, Rahul, is the heir apparent to this political dynasty and is currently a prominent member of parliament.
If you want to take a look at the first chapter of More Deaths Than One, click on My First Chapters off to your right.
COMMANDS…….
The work that you and I ( and, oh yeah..... what's his face) did together made my children possible.........
Christmas Challenges - sketch (I did move the sentiment so it may not count but I wanted to give them the credit for the sketch)
And great walls
Everyone is unique the trick is to harness the skills of everyone. “No-one is as clever as all of us.” And no one is above the core values of our society. Build a family and the family prospers. At the end of the day the boss is just a lens, a focusing mechanism for the hopes and aspirations of his team and a good healthy company gives back to its workers, families and the wider community.
In Plain Sight. With just a single episode left to go, out of just eight in its fifth and final season, I find myself filled with both anticipation for how it will end and regret that I’ve put off posting about it for so long. I can’t even describe what makes this show so special to me, at least not briefly anyway, because this show really does have it all.
From the looks of it, this could be almost any craft beer enthusiast's den, with a kegerator centerpiece to keep up the cheer among friends. After all, beer is a shared experience and speaks to good company.
- Andrew, Bournemouth, 30/3/2012 22:50
While still on the topic of little water babies. Don’t you just want to cuddle with this one?
YOU ARE ADVICE TO SEND YOUR CELL PHONE NUMBER AND THE ADDRESS WHERE YOU WANT YOUR CONSIGNMENT/PACKAGE TO BE DELIVERED TO. I ALSO UNDERSTAND THAT YOU HAVE REALLY PAID SO MUCH WITHOUT GETTING ANYTHING IN RETURN AS I WAS MADE TO UNDERSTAND AND THAT IS WHY I HAVE PERSONALLY INTERVENED AND I MUST SAY THAT YOU ARE A VERY LUCKY PERSON BECAUSE I SHALL BE BRINGING YOUR PACKAGE BY MYSELF AND THERE IS NOTHING ANYONE CAN DO ABOUT IT.
‘what do you mean he’s suffering? that guy in there? he’s so full of shit that my four year old daughter could walk in here and diagnose him as being full of turds!’
I mentioned in the previous post that my husband had once eaten a toad. He did. We were in a restaurant in Shanghai and he was showing off to a friend. They both ordered toads, who were then brought alive to the table in a bucket for inspection, before being wrapped in tin foil, like a pair of evil baked potatoes, and brought back after a bit of roasting. I was so furious with them both (I love frogs and toads) that I refused to speak to them for the entire meal, just stopping to smirk quietly to myself when they complained about the tastelessness and the vast number of bones.
As has been noted elsewhere on the net, there's a link between Lady Gaga and Lady Godiva - though the earlier lady sought to pass unseen though naked, covered herself with her long tresses, and was only spotted by Peeping Tom - and acted for the good of her people. It is likely that Gaga partly based her name on that of the famous woman of nakedness, though.
LR: When I received my first royalty statement!
When we wish to say ‘ there is’ or ‘there are’ we are either going to use ‘Voilà’ or ‘Il y a’ depending on whether we are pointing or stating.
But then when Addie is gone - it's as though my heart stops. Listens. Waits.
In Yasmine Reza’s play God of Carnage, limitations imposed by the three-walled space of the darkened theatre serve to emphasise the claustrophobic nature of an upper-class couple trapped in middle-class hell, magnifying their desire to leave the apartment but constantly ensuring they are hemmed in. In Roman Polanski’s screen adaptation, however, this central conceit proves a major hurdle, with the limitless potential offered by cinema’s omnipotent rectangle doing Polanski’s Carnage a major disservice, and making the couple’s attempts to leave the apartment seem trite, half-hearted and feeble.
Though it sounds unbelievable but there are many people who are eyewitness to this true story.
A Golden Age is quite a good story once you realise that it’s the story of a mother’s powerful love, not really the story of a rebellion and freedom. She’s not always a sympathetic character (most of them aren’t, actually. At times they’re fairly unlikable) but she has some severe convictions and her love for her children is all-encompassing.
Well this week we have a great theme for you all....WINTER!!! Easy peasy Japanesy!!
Here are some more ideas and links to tutorials on using cookie cutters as a crafting material I’d like to share with you.
On others, your sisters,
Okay okay, I kind of fell down on the job of writing regular posts, but I'm catching up now, so all good!
me out
for counting me faithful to call me into partnership with Your Son, Jesus
Deuwch chwithau
Poem: The Rubaiyat of Omar Khayyam
wants to be a knight. Except girls aren’t allowed to be knights. But instead of letting herself to be sent away to a convent school to learn how to be a lady, while her twin brother Thom becomes a knight, Alanna devises a switch—Thom, who was never interested in becoming a knight, and always dreamed of becoming a great sorcerer, is quick to agree to the switch—The convent school, in the City of the Gods, is also where children are sent to learn magic and sorcery. Through some trickery and threats of magic, Alanna and Thom are able to convince their servants to go along with the switch. Alanna cuts her hair, and is transformed into the mirror image of her brother, beginning one of the most fantastic adventures of a lifetime!
And nary pink nor hollyhawk a-bloomin’ at the door? –
Thank you for your continued prayers and walking it with me.
Contributions will be accepted through 31Mar2011 here and the compilation will be available on 1Mar2011. You would have my unending gratitude and thanks if you’re able to contribute in any way.
The project also sparked a weekend full of philosophical conversations (we do have those a lot, but this was several all in one weekend!)…and it helped us build up a bunch of inspirational and motivational energy for the week ahead.
I am Ready
are so much better,
4. Finale. Presto 3:30
I was pretty nervous because I knew he would have high expectations. I think I did pretty good though!
I won’t feel like such a loser anymore.
Thursday April 1
They all left happy and just a little bit more knowledgeable about that mysterious amber nectar which, for so long, seems to have been dominated by the male of the species. That the girls are now a driving force at the production end, as well as increasingly at the retail end, makes for a future that is as full of promise and as well balanced as the beers they are brewing.
The iPad drawings from 2011 are similarly irksome. Some people get excited because they were made using a piece of fashionable technology (a tablet computer with a touch screen). Yet the technique is surely immaterial – as Hockney says, an iPad is just another tool for an artist, like a brush. The Guardian worries that all state funded research would be locked away under the Research Works Act (Guardian):
Conservative ministers believe children should have the ‘security’ of being formally acknowledged by both their mother and father.
You remember the winter storms, don't you? Just take a look at the pictures. They tell the tale. The first was taken the day after the December storm while the snow was still pristine and the snowplows hadn't yet come through. (Heck, they didn't come through for two days!)
One day, her father arrives and takes Angelou and her brother to live with their mother. She is raped by her mother’s lover when she is just eight years old. She stops speaking because of the trauma. When she returns to Stamps, a friendly neighbour, Mrs Bertha Flowers, helps her to heal through literature. She shows Angelou the importance of literature and the power of language, something she takes with her for the rest of her life.
This is the reason I have stopped telling single people to hope and believe and all those sunny things we like to say to them. I’m starting to realise that the more you say those things, the less you really hear what they are saying. Single people could be single for a number of reasons and we can never begin to understand them if we have someone to go home to. I realise that when your single friend talks about their life, they’re not looking for your reassurance. What they really want is your validation. Just to assure them that you’re hearing what they’re saying. Let them know that you don’t understand but you hear them. That’s all I’d really want if I was single. Well, that and for people to stop looking at me as if I were dying from an incurable disease.
Now, my first day back at work over, I wanted to give the finishing touches to said draft... only to find it empty. Completely empty! The proverbial white sheet. Blank. Rien. Niente. Nada. Null. Nix!
1-17-2011
Some black girl.
M: Would you tour with them again?
08. Rip This Joint
The 70 miles of road from Highway 2 to Chicken was not bad at all. The Taylor Highway is paved along this section - although it is narrow and has soft shoulders, the road was an easy drive. Ah-ha, thinks I, this is a piece of cake.
each step is a dot in an infinite line.
Back in the '30s and '40s, the No. 27 was worn by Brooklyn pitcher Dutch Leonard, and then one of the first rookie phenoms, Pete Reiser.
Small victories win big battles! :)
K thx bye really this time.
I never use pencils because as time passes, pencil marks fade, and it is hard to read them. I realized this because when I was a kid I used to write in my diary with a pencil, because kids are usually taught to write using pencils first before they get to use ball pens. Years after, when I was already writing with a ball pen, I revisited my old entries and I could hardly read the pencil marks. I had to write over all those pencil marks using ball pens. Some words I could not understand anymore, so I interpreted them the best that I could. From then on, I never used pencils for writing.
Problem is, while the future of movies (and TV) at home may damn well be streaming, it certainly won’t be unlimited and it certainly won’t be for a reasonable flat monthly fee. No, the studios want as much blood from the turnip as they can get. So why would they license their content to a service that charges $20 a month for unlimited viewing…when they can license them to services that charge $2.99 a pop? They wouldn’t, and that’s why Netflix Streaming is a virtual wasteland.
They can be consumed by humans.
ABC – They are a middle network. They have some hits and some huge holes. There is a lot of stuff on the chopping block this year.
I was asked today if I was still doing my blog, and have to admit that I have been sadly lacking in writing anything. I have not even got a decent excuse except pure laziness !
Michael Kors Oversized Runway Watch in gold- If you follow me on twitter or instagram you would know that I stalked this watch out because it was sold out for a while at Nordstrom and Michael Kors. I have 2 other Michael Kors watches and think they are a fantastic quality and durability. They are a bit pricey, but they are beyond worth it. If you are a person who wears a watch every day like me, you will get years of use from it. The style is a classic, and I know I’ll be wearing it forever! I have also been stacking different bracelets and bangles on my wrist with it, a look that I also love!
We still get work from people looking in the Yellow Pages or Thompsons Local. We only ever advertise ourselves in the free section, so it can’t be a bad thing either way. Also, so I’m told, it helps your google rankings..
49 Then share thy pain, allow that sad relief;
LMFAO
The oldest of ten surviving children, James Joyce was born into a middle-class Dublin family. Despite his family’s gradual slide into poverty during the 1890s, Joyce completed his education at Jesuit schools Clongowes and Belvedere and continued to excel in his studies at University College, Dublin. Following his graduation in 1903 Joyce struggled to scrape a living. Although he earned some money reviewing books, teaching and singing, Joyce became a heavy drinker and did not manage his finances well. The following year Joyce eloped to the continent with his sweetheart Nora Barnacle, seldom returning to Ireland in subsequent years. However, Joyce’s works were always set in Dublin, and his semi-autobiographical style evoked relatives and acquaintances from his Dublin years.
It took a few years for Texas Holdem to establish its grounds and become The Poker Game. For a few years Golden Nugget Casino was the only casino in the whole Las Vegas to offer Texas Holdem games. But those were the days before poker tournaments began. 1970 was the first year of World Series of Poker, WSOP, set up by Benny and Jack Binion in their Horseshoe Casino. Texas Holden entered the centre stage for the first time. Although the first World Series of Poker did not attract a huge number of players, only 6 players took part in the first Series, it was the figures like Doyle Brunson, Jonny Moss and especially Amarillo Slim, who won the bracelet in the third Series, that drew the world’s attention to Texas Holdem. From then on poker and especially Texas Holdem went from strength to strength.
To fold me close and kiss me warm
According to 2008′s Reserve Duty Law, combat soldiers can be called for active reserve duty once every three years, and for short training sessions during the other two. Rising tensions between Israel and Egypt and the ongoing unrest in Syria caused the army to ask the Knesset for special permission to call up more soldiers, more often.
Hauling ass out of here, bub.
I’ve met this gentleman last week on the way back home from the farmers market. He crossed the road and I approached him while holding my camera to ask if I could take his picture, but I didn’t even have to ask, he said: “sure, sure, off course, you can take my picture”, he stood up on the side of the pavement for a minute and he left as soon as he realised that I pressed the shutter. He obviously was in a rush and quite used to strangers asking for his photograph.
I live in a London Borough that does not use wheelie bins, so our waste is collected in black bags with hardened receptacles for green waste and another for recycled stuff. This has two problems, first up was pikey sods ripping open our bags and sifting through for stuff that was of use to them. I actually caught one of them at it once, she was trying to fish out the skeleton of an old PC and I had to fend her off with swear words and a raised fist.
*As a gay conservative/Republican I would like to know what that means for me. Should I just die to make Savage happy? Or does life get better for me too, since I’m gay?
So I worked away, weighing my yarn at the end of each repeat of the blossom chart and doing my algebraic calculations. In the end, I figured out I could do 10 repeats in total of the Blossom Chart and the edging with 1% to spare. As it turns out I had circa 5g or yarn left over and my shawl weighs circa 111g.
We did spent some time scoping out the style preferred by Just Belgian:
I directed my nod towards the two gentleman and proclaimed; “I see you have met Fowles and Larkworthy, both of whom ’tis publicly declared are noteworthy for their close observance of fashion and their proficient avoidance of style.” To wit the Lady of the Fans offered up an indistinguishable twinkle within her eyes suggestive of an appreciation of my proclamation, if not my arrival. To wit Larkworthy hit me with the following somewhat rusty repost; “Sir, your cockade ’tis most irregular and not seen among the most fashionable.” To wit I replied; “Sir, a true observant of style is never seen wearing that which fashion proficients such as your esteemed and emaciated self would ever wear.”
But praise God, His healing hand brought me out of my pain and took me back into this world. Now we are on the eve of another campaign. I do not hold an official title in this war, yet I have felt the hand of God stirring me to prepare for another battle in this epic war that is not only being fought against abortion, but is a spiritual war for both the lives of those babies in the wombs of God's daughters and for the souls of men and women who are in peril of facing an eternity of separation from our Father in Heaven and instead will find weeping and gnashing of teeth should they not bow their knee to Christ on this side of eternity.
At the top there are small horizontal windows to look out and get a great view of St. Louis. I’ve heard people talk about the arch swaying, but we did not experience that when we visited. The kids were actually pretty amused at the top. You are allowed to stay at the top as long as you like, although it is cramped. We spent 30 minutes round-trip (without feeling rushed) and an additional 20 minutes in the free museum.
So, I let it go with a couple of questions about what went wrong, if we could do anything to improve her focus next time, that sort of thing. We had a little attitude adjustment session about her already fatalistic attitude towards math, our Next Big Test at the end of the month. And I let. it. go.
Ladies, please get in touch with me before Thursday, February 17, at 8 AM EST so that I can get your packages out to you right away!
We started off with an order of their pomme frites. These frites (or french fries) are the perfect crispness and saltiness, and they come with a side of basil aioli to dip in. Such a winning combination.
1 quart crushed tomatoes
The classic sleuthing technique is to identify who had the means, the opportunity, and the motive to commit the crime. There was a small cabal in the United States who had a burning desire for a terrorist attack. Known as “The Vulcans” (in honor of the Roman God, not the Star Trek race), they were neo-conservatives, pro Israel-expansionism, capitalist purists with oil connections. All held positions in the Reagan/Papa Bush administrations. Their names are familiar: Dick Cheney, Donald Rumsfeld, Condoleeza Rice, Richard Perle, Paul Wolfowitz, Colin Powell.
Alright- so here are the photos of the big day.....Lindsay, these are most specifically for you cause I know you don't have facebook, and I want you to see them! There is a combination of bridals and wedding shots.
London and France are both 'home' to me now... but France... well France... she has my heart...xv
It all started with a phone call.
07. Jimmy the Exploder
In Dreams from My Father, Obama chose to emphasize a racial chasm that unavoidably separated him from the woman he described as his New York girlfriend.
Both pieces will be featured in the upcoming Masterpieces in Miniature Show, which opens this Saturday May 5 from 2-4pm at Picture This Gallery. The show continues until May 24th, when the Equal Opportunity Draw will determine who will own each of the more than 45 original pieces. If any of the artwork does not have an intention to purchase form in it’s draw box after the public drawing, it will immediately become available on a “first come, first served basis” for a very limited period of time.
For two days I have not driven further than the grocery store and the beach. There's not much driving work at The Boss's shop anyway at the moment (surprise) but sometimes I need concentrated down-time.
As I worked I watched the sky fill with clouds and the winds picked up again driving me inside. I cleaned up the furniture from the auction and made photos to get ready to advertise it.
We got home yesterday and everyone is exhausted. I myself, came home and slept for 12 hours.So I KNOW that the Parks family is needing some much deserved rest. Thank you so much for the prayers, gifts, flowers, encouraging words, and the food.
“No,” she mewed.
The degree of freedom of the press existing in this country is often overrated... On the other hand, freedom of speech is real. On the platform, or in certain recognized open air spaces like Hyde Park, you can say almost anything; and, what is perhaps more significant, no one is frightened to utter his true opinions in pubs, on the tops of buses, and so forth.
Are you addicted to your ipad? And how many cases do you have for it? I currently only have one for mine, but I'm giving serious consideration to getting a couple more, so that I can mix and match them which every item! As technology is definitely here to stay, it looks like figuring out how to make it more fashionable is going to be my next step!
Despite this, the plot advances at a swift enough pace to not let the slightly disappointing relationship get the better of it. I was happy with it as it was and I found that I wanted to keep reading before bed to find out what would happen next – always a good sign, though bad for my concentration levels the next day if I give in to the urge!
Tree Planting Ritual / Blessing
Gulp.
PS I made a quick artists book out of cvs prints and gaff tape and tried to stuff it in Herzogs sports jacket, turns out the man is a bit of a dandy and they were fake pockets… Who knew?
01. Town Of Children's Blocks - 4:58
Whenever an OT disseminates Scientology to a prominent person, he is demanded to take pictures. Good pictures of high resolution as it will be used during the international events (see #22). The OT delivers picture in return for praise, approval and status boosts. If she is maximally lucky and popular, she will be put on the list of prospects for the Freedom Medal.
'The incident was absolutely unreal; the Soviets cried out in terror,' says Mr. Nummedal. Later that night, he saw ambulance crews circulating in the community. A driver he knew told him that they had been told to sedate everybody with a medication known to erase short term memory. The Soviets use this drug in the treatment of shock victims.
“We are on the brink of understanding between Western space-time-matter and the energy dynamic; where an event is NOT pushed from behind, but attracted by something ahead. The Universe is under the sway of the Transcendental Object at the End of Time. All Nature aspires to this state of perfect Novelty. Nature abhors habit; so it produces Novelty at every level.”
The second challenge in Rachael Harrie’s Fourth Writers’ Platform-Building Campaign proved to be tough, but very stimulating. This time around, my muse was asked to play with five prompts in as many as five different ways. In addition, there were several options available to increase difficulty.
Not started -
pat...i had paint everywhere! except, my face! go figure!
Something happened to my router. Or maybe it was my DSL. Or something. Anyway, I couldn't get online. I learned something about myself when I couldn't get online. I have an addiction. When I couldn't log on, I started hyperventilating, freaking out that I was missing ...I don't even know what I was missing, but I was sure I was missing SOMETHING! Something big and important and terribly exciting! My heart was beating 200 times a minute and I started twitching. I, the person who used to say that computers were evil, was going through withdrawal because I couldn't connect to the cyberworld.
1/2 -3/4 c breadcrumbs
Note Borough President Marty Markowitz's statement, "I've always said this arena will create thousands of excellent-paying jobs, and here they come. A promise made, a promise kept." That's not exactly a solid claim.
new swimsuits from ALEIDA!
In order to treat lazy eye, the doctor has to identify and treat underlying causes. Depending on these underlying causes, the doctor may recommend surgical or nonsurgical treatments, as discussed below.
So, for a solace pined;
I’ve been to Italy three times in the last four years! There was Rome for my wife’s birthday, then Bologna for the book fair and recently to Naples to visit Pompeii and Herculaneum.
- 6" x 6" square cream card stock
Here, after a little practice, is how I did my stitch. For my demonstration, I am using this gorgeous pearl cotton floss. It is dmc color variations #4210 radiant ruby. I am also debuting the latest addition to my embroidery hoop collection, this little 4" hoop:
NABC can offer three of its own beers for Session Beer Day, and we’re looking to see what can be foraged nearby. I had a delicious light pilsner (circa 3.7% abv) at Against the Grain on Monday afternoon. There's Kentucky Light, a Kölsch coming in at 4% abv. Any other locals?
So, I wanted to talk about characterizations. How do you create a realistic character? Someone who your readers feel like they know?
Dylan has had a 50 year long recording career, which is pretty remarkable all by itself, but I doubt that he ever expected this honor.
Melt butter and mix well with sugar. (The recipe says to cream butter and sugar together but most often I just melt and mix. Quicker that way and same result.) Add the beaten egg and vanilla. Gradually add sifted flour. Mix into a stiff paste. Roll small pieces of dough into balls and place on baking tray. Flatten with back of a spoon or a fork. Bake in a 180 deg C oven for approx 8-10 mins or until golden brown.
Oh, and I should also note that the new website, which went live yesterday, features the FIRST EVER RELEASED synopsis of the first book in my forthcoming teen sci-fi trilogy. It's called UNREMEMBERED and you can read all about it here!
Repertory cinemas, where fellow film aficionados sit in respectful silence have been closing. The foreign film section appears to be getting smaller and I do not think I have watched a movie about an artist since "Pollock". As a fellow cinephile friend of mine often states: "They just don't make them anymore".
3) Fry until brown.
Indiana Landmarks Wit Tapping
12:15 AM Golden Voyage Of Sinbad, The (1973)
Jesus answered them, “I told you and you do not believe. The works I do in my Father’s name testify to me.
I have no other way to explain us moving but to say it’s where God want us. Moving didn’t make a lot of time for physical rest; but when I gave it to where God wanted us, it brought new peace and unity to our marriage. Plus knowing God has a plan and is guiding you to follow it is somewhat comforting, even if you don’t like the plan.
Joe enjoys watching sport on TV, attending the gym, listening to music, and socialising with his friends.
It has also been a long time since I played with a Teddy Bear.. so on more reason to be in love with this card!
Do you take yourself too seriously?
This figure includes 53 percent of self-identified liberal Democrats and 67 percent of moderate or conservative Democrats, “even though it emerged as a symbol of the post-Sept. 11 national security policies of President George W. Bush, which many liberals bitterly opposed,” noted
the feeling that maybe
Happy Monday everyone, how was your weekend?
Congratulations Karen, you are the lucky winner of 7 digi images from Bugaboo! Please email thesquirrelandthefox@hotmail.com to find out how to claim your prize and remember to grab your Winner's badge from the side bar.
There’s nothing wrong with saving money.
73. I will make those kind of sacrifices because CF SUCKS!
I baked the sponge cake first thing in the morning. Since I have made it several times, it was an uneventful and a straight forward task. The challenge came when I started to assemble the cake. I had used up too much whipping cream to fill the layers, after frosting the entire cake surface I was left with no cream to pipe any rosettes.
Bring a medium sauce pan of water to a boil. Half full or more of water is plenty. Lower to a simmer.
leading out to the pasture?
Christ’s body was broken to save the souls of the lost.
10 - Tears And Triumph.
Right here in this week’s portion are the two outcomes of life. We will either be saved by G-d or destroyed. For those that are saved I imagine we will have a similar reaction. We will shout songs of praise and fall on our faces in reverence of the Holy One, Blessed is He. Though we were deserving of G-d’s wrath He saved us by the blood of His Son Yeshua.
When he is in a group such as a school or group therapy setting, he gets really nervous and upset, and often comes home with stories of bullying… which in most situations are just schizophrenic imaginings because he’s never in a setting of any type where he is unsupervised.
Left Hand Warrior IPA
1/3 cup chopped pimentos, drained
For my first attempt I chose to look for the best medialunas. Argentines are very proud of this morning and afternoon staple of local culture. They are the most ubiquitous food items that you will find.
The main reason I'm in weird mode is because of these:
Friday morning I received the call from the Auto Repair place saying that my car was done and ready to be driven across the country, so I packed up my things in Orange County, dropped off the rental car in El Cajon, and proceeded east to jump in my Civic and hit the road!
Outsiders can become insiders. All you need to do is spend the time to understand the lingo and processes.
Tax Implications
2. Voyage Part 2 (18:06)
This was our first family holiday and we really had an excellent time. We've been looking forward to the holiday all year and it really was worth the wait. I don't know if we'll go back again as I think I want to go to one of the other islands in the Canaries or to Turkey next. Oh and Disneyland Paris is definitely on the cards - better get saving those pennies!
Su Kuang Hong, who works as a service engineer at a GLC, has come out to make a report, that indeed he was on of the few people that got hit by the police car.
I was so sure it was gone. Just gone. Lost.
Can you believe Easter is next weekend! my goodness where has the time gone..
Ambiga dispersed crowd
So am I the only one who sneaks things out of the bulk bins and eats them on the spot? I was actually snacking out of the bulk bins while I shopped at the organic market near my moms house once and a man came up and said “these are good aren’t they”. He ate one as well. I stumbled, embarrassed I was caught and was like uhh yeah. Then he tells me to go on and try whatever I wanted, he didn’t care, because he was the owner and all. OOPS. Talk about getting caught! At least I use the little scoop and don’t stick my fingers in, that counts for something right?
Alyne de Winter
This week has been a great week of seeing friends, and saying Good-Bye. I was able to have lunch a few days with some amazing women. The other night I went out for a girls night, and I am not sure the last time I laughed so hard. I will miss these people very much, but I know I will make new friends! Plus, technology makes it so easy to stay in touch :)
While our pickers rested the first lots of Nally bins were loaded onto the truck to go to the winemaker. Usually we go and watch the initial process of crushing the grapes but this time we needed to keep going and retrive the nets from the vineyard.
And left with at least the graciousness of returning -
One non-Con Law thing I learned today: ballet slippers are great for these long study days in the library…so now I have them stored in my locker. Comfy yet practical for indoor studying use. Ahhh, well I better head to bed…coming up on 2:30am and I’m about to zonk out. Oh, one more thing. Today, Dave and I were walking out of the school after class and he randomly asked if I knew where Ashtabula was…I almost gave him a hug as I yelled “that’s where I’m from!!!” at him. I asked him where that came from…he told me Bob Dylan haha.
‘Pinglo’ (or, blonde) was the nickname given to a household
Millán said international development aid provides complementary funding that contributes decisively to the city’s development plan.
text (Happy Birthday to You...). Distress ink ( mahogany) corners, butterflies
And of course, there have been failures. There will always be some of those. That's also the risk of private equity. But on balance, in the case of Bain Capital, there have been more success stories than failures. There have been more jobs saved, and created, than lost. Much, much more.
First memory of 2000AD?
Just a head's up for you guys. =)
Speaking of green, this drink does an admirable job of being just that. Chartreuse and green crème de menthe are key ingredients and certainly do their part color-wise. But I found myself perversely wishing they had also thrown in some Midori to blow the green right off the chart.
This is a good exercise to practice spraying evenly, close, or far away and see what kinds of effects you can get. Since the background is mottled people won't notice if you make a mistake. Try close up spraying, far away, pushing harder, pushing softer. With practice you will be better able to judge how much pressure to spray with and how close to the paper you need to hold your marker (I'll also cover spray patterns later this week).
Allen Texas, 75002
A TRAIN almost got me 'cause I was distracted. Talking to my mom. All of the sudden I was ON A TRAIN TRACK! IN MY DAD'S TRUCK! Train was coming. I could SEE it! Red lights were flashing. I was THIS CLOSE! Satan does not like when people do good and spiritual things. (My near death experience had nothing to do with my lack of attention. It was clearly SATAN. I am Mexican and Mormon both, so I get to be as superstitious as I WANT!)
Overall I think this is great! If you take your eye makeup off prior to cleansing then my only disappointment with this cleanser is moot. I prefer the thinner formula, the scent and even the packaging and let's not forget you can buy this at boots on your lunch hour.. oh and it's cheaper!
stumbling goat
but really she is just a wasp.
- Cover Girl and Olay Simply Ageless makeup: 15% off
Do you eat green cheese and ham?
The top officials in all of the unions have regular jobs with the city. But buried in the labor agreements are a series of provisions for those employees to be released from their regular duties to perform union work.
1974
I'll remember how much The Agronomist and Eldest enjoyed snorkelling together.
The film’s low budget digital photography feels inert and roughshod at times but the film’s propulsive, jazzy score by David Holmes refuses to adhere to strict movie rules and provides the film an extra flourish that really drives the film in interesting ways. Soderbergh lets Carano’s physicality carry the film’s action scenes letting the camera act more as viewer than participant to the physical violence, highlighting the rough and tumble fight choreography in a way that would be hard to appreciate with the shaky cam style that has become de rigueur in today’s modern action parlance.
2) Their teacher guy looks really bored in the audience.
I took a shot of Kobe Port Tower from across the water at Harborland while I was out with friends last week. The weather was gorgeous, by the way. Click the images to see the larger size.
Illustrator Þórarinn Már Baldursson is a violist in the Iceland Symphony Orchestra.
The dress was super comfy! I've never owned a maxi dress before, but I loved how comfortable it was! It was so loose and long which made it very cool and breezy. I think it will be very nice for the Texas summer! :)
But under cross examination by defence counsel Kanu Agabi (SAN), Idowu said he did not know whether NIPOST breached terms of the allocation by leasing the plot to Rosehill Group Ltd.
So, some of you might have noticed there is Anger in the Blogosphere lately over author-blogger interactions. If you don't know about this, get a cheese danish, skip this post, enjoy your blissful ignorance. I heartily wish I could join you. If you do know about this, you probably already have firm opinions. Basically what it comes down to is that authors are screaming at bloggers/ Goodreads users for negative "reviews" (more on the quotation marks in a bit), and bloggers are screaming at authors for being unable to take criticism and acting unprofessionally. There are subplots to this rabbit hole, but that's a good start. I wasn't going to say anything about this, but then the Guardian did a fairly ridiculous article about the contentious relationship between the YA blog world and authors. When mainstream media is talking about it, it becomes my business.
I really think that next time, I am just going to have steak and a side. I really think that dessert put my WELL over the edge of fullness. But omg, it was so worth it! Who am I kidding, I'm so gonna get it again!!!
Frank Bruni has a wonderful column in today’s NYT, “A Shared State of Defeat,” about Newtie and Edwards:
But with the massive backlog in land title registration and the demand for land by large plantation companies operating out of Peninsular Malaysia, their applications were recorded but never approved.
For those of you who missed yesterday’s installment, the book is part manifesto, part family story. It’s about the disappearance of “real food,” as the title suggests, but more than anything, it’s about the value of “food culture” in ensuring a healthy and sustainable food system for kids and adults alike. Jeannie’s easy-to-read style and chilling, clear-eyed marshalling of the facts makes it a standout among books about food and children.
Interest Deductibility Test
I spent the rest of our time hoping to find her on the slopes or in the ski lift line. My head ached a bit, my left thigh throbbed, and my hand and shoulders were starting to feel tender. But I wanted to smile at her one more time.
This page is intended to list the questions which very often drift to the attention of ‘the duty inspector’ on local police areas. It contains links to guidance and other blog posts which might help to resolve frequently asked questions and queries.
I put together a fun video for you all to share how I get RGB codes for some of my favorite paper lines and then used them on my Imagine to print elements and background papers to go with the beautiful lines available at my LSS.
We are cutting out California and Nevada to give more time in Denver and the Rockies with Matt. We will pick those up on the northern end when we go to Seattle in a few years and do that loop. I am taking 4-5 weeks to do this trip, I want to have time to stop and stay if the mood strikes us, chances of getting back to most of these places with the kids is very low.
Day 7: (Platelets 63,000)
I was walking him and he could barely walk for the first time in a long time. Audrey had been walking him and I had been walking Forest.
Nature is always there for you and me, listening without judging at all.
Things are winding down here, as symbolized by our lazy boat ride today.
They were lined up like little soldiers
Ah, when she moved, she moved more ways than one:
I get a call, from a sister, whom I know. She tells me straight up, without hesitation that someone has been talkin’ mad shit about me. She basically revealed to me, that this sister who had slandered me, that she had asked whether I had holla’d at her. When the sister, who told me this story, said that I didn’t try to holla at her, this sister, who slandered me, then said, “Oh, yeah!!! He’s Gay.”. Now, when hearing this story, I realized something important, she wasn’t just attacking my religious/personal-integrity, she was also attacking the religious/personal-integrity of the sister whom she had asked about me. Basically, in the mind & heart of the one who’s the slanderer, it’s goin’ a lil’ somethin’ like this’, “Wow, if Gareth hasn’t holla’d at this girl, then, he must be Gay, because everybody knows that this girl is easy & loose.”. This is exactly what I was able to extrapolate from this story which was shared to me.
i have a similar side table to this...i adore the classic shape reinterpreted in metal...
I don't use pastry so I guess it is more like a frittata maybe? Either way, it is quick, easy and delicious!
I’m in store for the latest iteration today. My mom is taking me shopping to find some cute ‘going out/date’ outfits. Not that I go out or have dates regularly, but I have found my wardrobe lacking over the last couple of weeks. I work as a stylist and image consultant (among other things), so I know what I like and what looks good, but when I went out with the ‘Talking Points‘ girls, and met up with my ‘Return Policy‘ friends, I found I had nothing cute and a little sexy to wear.
Junsu smile cutely, but his smile turn become frown when he see Yoochun expression. He enter with pout. Junsu put the groceries on kitchen table.
Romancing the Stone
So, Mondays are my day to Skype my mom. It's pretty wonderful. We're usually able to craft something or bake. Or do laundry. =) This week we made these wonderful persimmon cookies. *Have you ever had persimmons?*I hadn't even heard of them until recently.* My cousin picked me a bag of them while we were in California. Oh, yea. I never mentioned that. We went to California for Thanksgiving. Maybe I'll post some pictures or something. Anyway. My mom and I both had persimmons from California, and we made cookies today. The recipe is from my Great Grandma Robinson. Very tasty. I didn't take pictures along the journey. But here's the end result:
True, memories are always there and no one can take that away from us, except for you, time. That is why I wish for you – to not take my memories away from me. This is all I could ever cling to if I feel like reminiscing the elegiac past.
That's Dewey in the photo, along with Vicki Myron, the librarian who wrote the book about him.===========================================================
-Giveaway ends on 2/28/2010 at 11:59 PM and winner will be chosen by random.org. Winner will have 48 hours to respond to email or new winner will be drawn
10/10 Carbondale, IL @ PKs
At your twenty week scan, you discovered that the little 'minnow' swimming around in your womb was a girl. From that day on, the excitement to meet your baby just grew and grew. It never mattered what gender your baby was, but watching you bond with your unborn daughter was incredible. This was a baby doctors told you was nigh on impossible to conceive. This was the baby you were destined to have.
2. Not too great editing
Rnds 7-19) ch1, hdc in same st as joining, hdc in each st around. (I made color changes on rnds 12-16)
-Father Hans Urs von Balthasar
The good news is that a variety of styles have been developed specifically to beat the heat. The bad news?--Oregon's brewers, inhabiting a region where summers are temperate and winters are protracted and dark, aren't known for brewing a lot of them. Here's my best bet of for classic styles and the examples you can find around the Northwest:
Over the last six months the British National Party has literally been transformed into a mainstream party. The fact is that most people are focussed so much on winning Euro seats that other impressive advances and successes are being overshadowed.
Body: NIGHT FEVER
Band: Solo Trans
Continuing South we then found the Xinatsi Clan of Hyena's who are using a culvert under the road as a den. This morning two of the mothers were present with three of the youngsters. They all lay in the sand of the drainage line but one curious pup came up to greet us and sniff about
Also, they are naked baby endorsed and are packed even more full with good stuff than caged eggs. The vitamin D thing is of particular interest to me because I am terrible about giving my kid her liquid vitamin D. (Shhhh, don't tell our pediatrician because then she'll think I'm a big fat liar.) The thing is that a deficiency of vitamin D can lead to rickets, an old-timey disease of the skeletal system and one of the reasons (along with the rest of this list of illnesses) why being a pioneer sucked. (For those of you who searched the linked list for "dysentery" as in "You have died of dysentery", the pioneers called it "flux" characterized by "discharge of fluid from the body." The makers of Oregon Trail must have thought that "You have died of flux" didn't have the same ring to it. Although I like the sound of it.)
Sometimes I see
Neural Network is a personal favorite. It’s one of those paintings that I wasn’t sure of at first, but it keeps growing on me. And I’ve always loved the little lens lights inside it and the way they activate one by one in rows as a viewer walks across the painting. Here it is in neutral photo studio lighting and then below that in a retroreflective snapshot.
1 tsp canola oil
“Let the waves of time and space surround me…Let me float back to the place you found me. I’ll be ok”
A superb song to kick start anyone’s day
Of course swimming up and down the pool can get a little boring.
Use in favorite recipes or as a delicious snack.
Houseplants
for every inch of terrain
When I cannot think of what to wear, a tunic like this one always saves the day .
I wanted to make an edible gift for a family friend of my boyfriend's and decided on millionaire's shortbread, as it's easier to give as a gift than a whole cake, and I wasn't sure how much the make recipient would like cupcakes. So I was thinking about some sort of biscuit or tray bake and remembered it had been a while since I had made millionaire's shortbread - and handily for this month's Alphabakes challenge, it also begins with the letter M!
Did I mention that my wife was volunteering at the beer booth?
Nah.
The Mirugai (geoduck) nigiri provided a nice contrast; the sweet flesh firm and almost crunchy. As you can see it was skillfully cut in a criss-cross pattern to soften the clam meat, making it easier to digest.
Lori Ospina is Regional Program Officer for Grameen Foundation’s Latin America and Caribbean region.
The transition from having my own office (it was the size of a closet, but it still qualified as an office) to sitting at the front desk, being given simple tasks was weird. But what really got trampled on was my ego. I wasn’t prepared for the insensitive and demeaning attitudes of the other workers. At this point, it’s starting to get to me.
49. Humans are born with 350 bones in their body, however when a person reaches adulthood they only have 206 bones. This occurs because many of them join together to make a single bone.
Sicko:have you ever heard of Guns and Roses ?
It is unfortunate that today’s youth doesn’t have a voice speaking for them and showing them it’s ok to feel the way they do and that things will be OK in the end. Instead today they get movies like American Pie and Dude Where’s My Car? It was a loss for all when Hughes heart gave out in August 2009. We are fortunate to have the legacy he left behind and hopefully future generations will be able to look at his work and identify with his message. We could use him today more than ever.
As Becky’s husband of over 33 years, I have put together for her a final health update. Only week or so before we lost her, when it first became clear how this was likely to turn out, she asked me to write a synopsis of the history of her illness, with more details about the later stages, for a final blog entry she wanted to make about this. The reason for my involvement was to save her time and effort; she would edit my draft to make it her own without the need to do all the writing from scratch. I began right away, but I did not get it ready for her soon enough. There was a lot going on, and we all thought we would have more time—probably a few weeks. However, I have decided finally to complete this task as best I can and get it posted for her at last. She would have converted it all to first person as she modified it into her own words, of course, but I don’t think I can really do that for her.
Things are starting to come together around here. While much of Stephane's furniture was sold, it is the kitchen supplies, accessories, art, and clothes that we've had to contend with. We are far from finished in some ways, but I feel that we are more organized than ever and that feels good. Our project list has grown substantially too, but we love all that stuff so it's all good. (I promised Steph a nice break though before we get going on anything!)
You've got to be careful when you make rabbit stew, because the rabbit might come back for you! (Or at least for some treats!) Come join the Hoedown fun this week, and receive a nifty new digi image for free for participating.
The photo above shows the different shapes you can create by varying the number of tr stitches. The bow at the top has 5 tr, and each subsequent bow has one less tr stitch.
Not necessarily so much that I need to, but these are the names of people that deserve my love.
Tax returns
Still, it beats prison.
Us waiting in line...the girls yucking it up, while Jon looks on using his 'angry eyes' and I'm playing Farkle on my phone so I don't have to think about what I'm about to do.
We recently got a second delivery vehicle and again the "cupcake" debate arose again. If I stuck with the logo then I'm stuck with cupcakes, right? Answer is a qualified "yes". As of now I still will take on the occasional cupcake order if , and only if, I think it's something that is unique enough to warrant my doing them vs. a cupcake specialty shop. So here are a few DDC cupcakes/ toppers that I can now admit are some of my faves, you know , now that the memory of the pain of making them has faded.
* Registration from May 1- June 30, 2012
I'll simply sleep in peace until you come to me.
Got a compliment
My employee/mechanic Tony told me October 18th that he’d had a dream about Rob again. Tony never met Rob, but he said Rob came to him in his dream, said thanks for looking after his tools, the business and me. Rob told Tony that he was thinking about coming back, and Tony said that Rob’s head was always down. I told Tony “oh geez don’t know if I can take another round with Rob in this lifetime” lol!
The encyclopedia is a project of MANU’s Lexicographic Centre. More than 250 academy members, university professors and researchers created the two-volume encyclopedia over the course of seven years. It covers 9,000 people, concepts and events from all time periods within the geographical boundaries of Macedonia, from prehistoric to contemporary times.
If you take away the uniqueness of Christ, the divinity of Christ, and the substitutionary death of Christ, then you have nothing left but a raped Christianity, void of any power or meaning. No, Oprah is not a Christian. And Tolle’s teachings are lies and anti-Christ.
Per serving (1 cup): 206 calories (21 calories from fat), 2 g total fat, 0 g saturated fat, 129 mg cholesterol, 379 mg sodium, 22 g total carbohydrate, 1 g dietary fiber, 3 g sugar, 23 g protein
I collect various and sundry old tins. Pictured, here, are a sampling. I tend to collect tins that have colors and/or designs I enjoy, but also like those that have rusted or those where the metal has developed a nice patina over the years, whether it has been produced by man (from use), or nature!
It was run by two artists who run craft events under the title Bunty and Bella (after their grannies). Their workshops are fun and a twist on traditional crafts. I had attended an excellent bookmaking workshop with them earlier in the year.
Ox vs. Barnes 42-42
YAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAY!
The Big turn in my spiritual search came summer of 1980, when I by pure chance ended up at an open air meeting in a big tent at a campsite one warm and sunny summer evening. The bright summer evenings in northern woodlands of Sweden can be magical! In the evening I went on a little bike ride to town. I soon noticed that it was not an ordinary meeting, they prayed loudly and several sang or prayed like in a trance with arms stretched out in the air, speaking in tounges. At the end of the meeting the person who chaired the meeting asked if anyone wanted to come forward so pastors could pray for the person. And I stepped forward. Soon I became more familiar with the religious life and I enjoyed my new friends. There and then I became a member of the local Pentecostal Church. I served voluntarily with a lot of things in the church during all the time. So, between the years 1980 to 1997, I belonged to the church. It was a very outgoing congregation with a lot of young people and everything was so exciting for me, coming from a non-religious family. I was 18 years old, unexperienced in life, (a virgin or whatever you call a guy who never had done “that”) and a searcher for spirituality.
Our accommodations here are much more like bungalows.
11:55- Head out to pick Brody up and take him to school. Our daycare is about 5 minutes from my work one way, and the school is 5 minutes the other way. I'm right in between, so it makes it nice that we can have him participate in the program that the school district offers. He's a peer in a Peer Model program and he's doing great. His teacher and the classroom culture there are a perfect fit for him.
or is just something obscene
Finally, best line of the whole season: ”Oh shit, it’s a piggy bank” The glee with which this was said was so perfect.
P.S.: That picture was taken at my grandma's favorite beach, Bahia de Cata, in Venezuela. It's about one year old and taken by me.
The Contender Australia – Another fine adaptation of an American original (notice the snooze fest The Apprentice Australia isn’t on this list?) The Contender Australia gave us so many worthwhile characters. Guys like Victor and Nader who were such douchebags you hate to hate them, and guys like Ariz and Sonni who were so easy to root for, mainly because you wanted to see them smash the crap out of everybody else. Okay, I think I’m the only one who loved Sonni, but that guy was a mad combination of mental and awesome.
So I'm popping in to say "Hi!". :)
He felt drunk with a tingling happiness. Nora watched him, smiled to him.
Et, l'ayant vu loucher, en fit un espion.
Whence it follows, “And when the multitudes had heard thereof, they followed him on foot out of the cities.”
Well guess what, all you critics, you can go shove it up your ass. If you had bothered to go and vote, we wouldn’t be in this mess and I could easily go and at least try and get federal legislation started–even though there are still some major dicks on democratic side who would probably try and would have a good chance of thwarting this initiative.
The next morning we met early at the brewery for a quick breakfast and then on to the brewday. I missed the memo about Tie-dye Friday but enjoyed a breakfast bagel. We had coffee but no water so I asked Terence where I could fill up and he led me to the brewery's treated water supply, delicious. The group then met with Scott at the Pilot brewhouse and weighed out grain. Our first batch was already underway and looking good. We took some group photos and then headed down to weigh out our hops. I encouraged some of my fellow campers to beef up their buckets a bit and I think we ended up with an extra pound of Citra hops and a handful of fresh hops shipped overnight from Yakima the night before. I had pushed for Centennials to be included in the recipe but their were none on hand so I made a mental note to come back for those. Since we had the brew under control the group headed to the cellar to taste some previous Beer Camp beers including a Belgian-style IPA.
Umami is the new In-N-Out for people in the know traveling to LA. It’s a rite of passage. A gourmet burger experience when fast food just isn’t going to cut it. I generally don’t eat meat, but part of that decision is knowing that I will always make an allowance for Umami. My first (and only) time there was meeting my friend Jen at the Hollywood location. It was an unforgettable meal because of the food, company and experience, but also because on the way there I was pulled over and forced to take a sobriety test. There was not one ounce of booze in my body, I’m just that bad of a driver. Good thing Umami has amazing margaritas. After picturing myself spending the night in jail, it was the perfect way to calm down.
Evidently the foundation is not good enough
“This is bad news for global climate change, especially greenhouse gases in the atmosphere. In terms of climate change, we have to decarbonize our energy infrastructure,” he added.
Back in September I was fortunate to audition and be cast in a guest role in BBC1′s Casualty. As I’ve mentioned before the roles for a disabled actress are rather thin on the ground, so when an opportunity like this comes along it feels brilliant; not just on a personal level as an actress but also as a disabled person keen to see better representation of disability on screen. I’m not going to give anything away with spoilers but I had a brilliant time filming it, the cast & crew were great and it’s a pretty damn exciting episode!
Every year, thousands of people visits sites such as Ground Zero and Auschwitz in what Dr. Stone calls a compulsion to face their own mortality in a secular pilgrimage. ”People feel anxious before – and then better when they leave, glad that it’s not them,” he told the BBC education correspondent.
They don't have to do anything or be anything but themselves, just being here is all I care about.
We didn't have internet for about six months (March 3rd to August 22nd) in Tripoli, so of course I wasn't able to post on my blog during that time. I did however continue to write... and write, and write and write. It was daily therapy to sit down and type out the day's events.
I purchased this spellbinders set just to make argyles, I am sure eventually I will creat other works of art with it. BUT until I tire of my argyle fantasies I will pursue my destiny... for now ;)
This river that has no start.
WOC roses, Marianne's leaf; MS butterfly (was in dots folder); polka dots organza ribbon, pearl brad and a silver heart charm, gems, 3d foams
Then people blame Krishna! Why am I ugly, imperfect, undesirable, a failure, incompetent, inadequate..? ad infinitum.
So for all those clothes, they either got returned or given away. There's no reason to keep them unless someone made them or they have been passed down through five generations. Instead get something practical, like more kimono-style tee shirts.
Because my hypothesis is that certain e-mail queens do have a quantifiable limit and are not bounded by infinity. I pose that there is in fact a theoretical intercourse point for a given e-mail queen if one is patient enough or rather has a flat preference curve (or as I call it the Ryan Gullibility Curve or Laughter Curve).
LOL...the favicon is that little itty bitty image. They are only 16 pixels by 16 pixels. So when you are creating one use a square image so that it reduces correctly.
jewish emancipation
I have no idea if people will participate, so this may be a one-time thing. I hope not. I'm working on porters right now, so let's start there. So far, the examples I think are serious contenders include these:
What is especially chilling about Forstchen's book is stopping to take stock of your own situation as you read it. Would you be one of the lucky few survivors? or Would you be one of the unlucky many? If you're on prescription medication keep in mind there'd suddenly be a finite supply of it at your local pharmacy. If you suffer from any health ailments at all you'd find yourself more vulnerable with those who are stronger in the unenviable position of "triaging" the population to make sure the limited resources-- food, water, and medication go to those who are most likely to not only survive but help others survive as well.
Then the chaplain dropped by. “Are you part of her family?” he asked sweetly.
Fast forward to work, and everyone loved it even though I wasn't convinced. I had patients complementing me on my "such natural pretty red hair" which I had to tell them was fake, and co-workers telling me it brought out my eyes, and another triage nurse telling me I can now be the "bitch in the box," just like her - the name for the nights her red-haired self is out in triage.
But in a book the person behind the visual is more often what the author is trying to portray and as such their appearance is not necessarily noteworthy except on the occasion that it furthers the plot or your understanding of the character and their situation. So it follows that you can drip feed in this information as and when it is needed and in small slivers that enhance, rather than indigestible lumps.
Although at one point, she got out of the car and ran away, Van Wyk persuaded her to get back in by promising to take her home.
But here's why floor vents really suck: they aren't screwed in. They can be easily lifted out by any pair of curious, trouble making hands. Which means anything that will fit in the hole in the floor- 4"x12" -usually ends up down in the duct work.
Sports Stars Behaving Badly
When using the average weekly consumption measure, heavy drinking is defined as consuming more than 50 units a week for men and consuming more than 35 units a week for women. There have been falls in the proportions of both men and women who drink heavily since 2005. The estimates for men fell from 9 per cent to 6 per cent and for women fell from 5 per cent to 3 per cent from 2005 to 2010.
Funnily enough (or maybe not so) since I’ve really dove into the above three I’ve actually lost weight without even trying. This would be great if I wasn’t currently pregnant. At my last Doc’s appointment my loss came into question and I was asked if I was consciously trying to lose weight. My initial thought was “Uh, Nooooo. I’m pregnant in case you couldn’t tell. Why would I be trying to lose weight.” But what I actually said was, “No, I’m diabetic now and I’m actually following the guidelines.”
“I avoided events/organized activities that were dominated by stay at home moms.”
"Another batch of shells for me," Tom clamored.
4. The Countess meets with her "co-writer" (aka "writer") for her book, Class with the Countess. She pontificates in what appears to be an endless way to this poor woman who is taking notes and probably wanting to stab LuAnn in the eye. Instead she just nods and makes affirming noises as LuAnn talks about "kissing on both cheeks is fine because that's what I'm used to, that's what I like, but one cheek is fine." ( Insert obvious joke about "Hey LuAnn, I have a cheek for you to kiss.")
a hot commodity. It also weighs in at 7% abv.
I’m not even looking for perfect. I just want, compatibility, trust, and love. With my husband I thought I had all three. We liked to do the same things, I trusted him completely and I loved him. Of course all that broke down over time but for 23 years I thought I had it all. With Martin there was that crucial element of trust that was not there. Compatibility and love were off the charts. But he broke trust and while he is still striving to earn that trust back from me, I’m skeptical as are all of you that he ever will. Mercenary Guy and I simply weren’t compatible.
Secret super fun tip… On weekends nights, at the Carnation Plaza (directly next to the Jolly Holiday) a 1940s/50s live band plays host to an out-door swing dance party. Anyone can dance, there are professional and semi-professional couples who dance and single Disney employees who will help you get out there and make you feel like you’ve been taking swing classes all along. Even if you really don’t want to dance, it’s such a cool event. There are lots of people who just stand around and watch the dancers and listen to the band.
Of course, it wouldn't be a TE Sketch Challenge without inspiration from our fabulously talented sketch crew!
COMMERCIAL BREAK
After 6 – 7 hours of sleep, your body has no glucose left in it. If you do not restore the needed source of energy your body is going to start braking down fat tissue and muscle tissue to glucose so it can feed the brain (it puts your body in a starvation mode). If you want to start looking like a pile of bones keep skipping breakfast.
Once we had mentally spent both our paycheques, we hopped in the car and headed to Ross on Wye. I had read about a great shop called Bailey’s, which sells the most incredible things for homes. If you’re anything like me, and love anything which looks vintage, industrial or slightly battered, then you will love it.
11. Denver Nuggets
The size I got is worth $.80/shampoo and $.80 per conditioner.
China Daily
Alanna is probably the only biographer of Parker and she digs very deep into his Dutch shadowy past.
We each got dealt one more Loyalty card.
I have been envisioning the TouchArt One Earth Bottle House since 2000 and now I'm doing a call out to all my talented artist, scientist and designer friends to help design a sustainable, energy independent, affordable family home made out of recyclables.
The 19-member Yale Corporation, which includes big names like CNN journalist Fareed Zakaria, venture capital firm Sutter Hill Ventures managing director Leonard Baker, and PepsiCo chief executive Indra Nooyi, has held numerous discussions especially on the concerns raised by the faculty, including the issue of academic freedom.
It’s simple, life isn’t … simple that it. Life is complex, and conflicts overlap all the time. We have our own fights and we also become, sometimes unwittingly, embroiled in the fights or dilemmas of those around us. They steer us off course, surprise us and add more layers to our otherwise simple lives. Right?
Thursday we made it to Prescott early to get the oil changed in the Silverado. Oh! Look at the new pickups!! My, oh my!! I told Ms. Pat, maybe we should just trade it for a new one. I was just kidding, but I was kinda glad when she said “No Way” this one is still new. It didn’t take but about 30 minutes for them to have it back up front all done, washed up pretty and ready for another 8000 miles. The whole time waiting, Ms. Pat went inside and sat down at one of their many public computers and checked out all her email, etc. I looked up ole' Bill, the salesman that sold us the truck. Bill is one fine guy and I enjoy him.....nice down to earth, country fella that has been selling Chevy's for 29 years. He really knows his Chevrolet’s!!
She as anybody,can’t take more from someone who has nothing else to give!.
Other than that I didn't get the chores I needed to complete (posting stuff), tidying up etc. It's almost home time for Linda and I'm sure she may give me this kind of look when she gets home.
Jodi: He needed cake. I get that.
“Nor is there salvation in any other; for there is none other name under heaven given among men whereby we must be saved.” Acts 4:12
Pillow covers, vintage items, art prints
Basil in a sweet cake? I know it sounds weird. But I can promise that it is delicious. The best cake I have tried in a while.
I’m embarking on decades throughout the year; I am currently making my way through the 1940′s. At first I was sad to leave the 1930′s; too sad. I went into the 40′s resenting them, a patently ridiculous sentiment. Quickly though, my hesitancy washed away. Of the films I have watched so far, a handful of them would already be placed among my admittedly large group of all-time favorites. I tried to narrow the list down to 20 but this never seems to work. So I’m watching as many of these as I can before mid-May. I did the 20′s and 30′s earlier this year watching from each about 15 and 35 films respectively. I won’t be able to make it through all of these but I hope to keep this as a reference guide. I feel like I’m pretty well-viewed, especially for being 24, so if a film does not appear it may be because I’ve seen it already.I have a 70-page Word Document chronologically chronicling every film I have ever seen (this was a huge project for a while) and I have seen roughly 120 films from the 1940′s
I didn't grab individual photos of the food stands because they're not visually noteworthy. However, there is a decent variety of junk food: burgers, a pizza place, ice cream, a Chinese place that's popular with the locals for its chop suey sandwiches and a stand that sells popcorn and a multitude of flavored taffy. I think it's required if you have any kind of park near the water on the East Coast, you must sell taffy somewhere.
but my garden is not that big...and I hate mass green areas with spent flowers
When we asked Amandine how you could tell the camera when to take a photo she answered:
Undetoured, Mitchel changed career course. World War I had raged throughout his tenure as mayor, and he strongly believed in the importance of military service. Still a young man, he joined the Signal Corps Army Air service as a pilot in 1918. Unfortunately nobody would ever know whether he would bring his brilliance and ambition to the armed forces as on July 6, 1918, fell out of his plane during a training session in Louisiana, after apparently failing to fasten his seat belt. A curiously ridiculous and tragic end to a unique New York personality.
Yone and her daughter-in-law Shige are gang raped and murdered and their home is burned to the ground by a group of samurai. A black cat watches over the women’s corpses and cleans their wounds. The women become vengeful spirits whose sole purpose is to kill and drink the blood of every last samurai. The women live in a home near the Gates of Rajomon among a forest of bamboo trees. Each evening the beautiful Shige persuades a samurai to escort her home. The samurai are plied with sake, killed and left in the forest. Gintoki, a samurai whom has recently returned from battle is sent by the lord to rid the region of this samurai-killing menace. The daunting task is complicated by the fact that Gintoki is the son of Yone and husband of Shige.
What's new from the old is the pale palette that has replaced the moonlight and magnolias style of overwrought red bordello rooms once associated with New Orleans. Pale rooms have had a foothold here for the past ten years in the Uptown homes that once dripped with ornate window treatments, Tester beds, and Victorian parlor sets.
“There is nothing for it but for all of us to invent our own ideal libraries of classics. I would say that such a library ought to be composed half of books we have read and that have really counted for us, and half of books we propose to read and presume will come to count – leaving a section of empty shelves for surprises and occasional discoveries.”
We needed to pull into a fuel dock—so the choice was dock into the wind? Or into the current? A sustained strong gust made us choose the wind—but as we approached the dock, and the wind died, we realized we chose wrong. But we bounced onto and along the dock and managed to stop ourselves after losing only a little
Finally, a big raspberry to the folks at Nature who decided to publish such a strange paper in the interest of stirring up controversy. If they’d gotten decent reviewers, and followed their advice, it never would have seen print.
(Moving down one spot) 7.) TaleSpin (Volume 3) – One of the most beloved shows from the late 80′s/ early 90′s syndicated block of animated shows known as “The Disney Afternoon,” TaleSpin stars Baloo of Jungle Book fame as a cargo pilot with his side kick, Kit Cloud Kicker as they have high flying adventures in each episode. The show started in 1990, with three seasons that made up of 65 episodes. It has had some VHS releases and more recently, the full series had been stared to be released, with a Volume One and Volume Two in 2006 and 2007. Eleven episodes have been left unreleased, as well as the movie version of the pilot that included extra animation not made part of the 2006 release.
The Challenges are :
I figured I'd give it a shot while she was here.
Curd/yogurt – ½ cup
For three years, Miranda Grey-Solomon has kept her role as vampire Queen of the South separate from her Grammy-winning music career. But now her dual lives are starting to collide, threatening everything Miranda and David, her Prime, have worked for.
So, it’s that time in my life where I am looking for a change. The change that I have looked for is a career change. For educators, a career search really doesn’t start until February or March. So I have been milling through online posts, checking job opportunities on educational sites, and registering for job fairs. At this point, I only have one bite, but oh, what a bite!
Suggestions and/or criticisms welcome.
Raw rice - 1 cup
I'm sure the marketing department have determined this is good practice, to somehow instil loyalty. I can't help thinking that they've just issued me with a note saying they've overcharged me.
Much to the embarrassment of the Buchanan administration, severe weather and the Nauvoo Legion's scorched earth tactics initially stymied the federal troops. After a hard winter spent at the burnt out shell of Fort Bridger, the American force prepared to make another attempt to push through the Wasatch Mountains and down into Salt Lake. By this time, Young was ready for peace, but he remained so distrustful that he ordered some 30,000 people to abandon Salt Lake and other northern settlements and make an unnecessary retreat southward.
In one entire episode, these swampers have managed to turn this “ewww, my hands cannot get muddy” girl into some hick who desperately wants to try a “Poboys” (and I don’t even like shrimp!). I have shamefully mentioned this show at the break table every week since at work. If I had overalls, I’d probably start wearing them with my rubber boots. Not only has the show altered my demeanor, but it’s also opened my eyes to another genre of entertainment.
Bring on the quiet, spare-time hours I need to lay down some juicy bass parts! I cannot wait.
Grab your head
How about this new mail sorter for $10? I will painting it to match my new shelves in my office. I think it is great. Now I have a place to put my mail, Chad's mail, and junk mail. Currently we just put it on the kitchen counter.
Please take a minute to answer the questions below and I'll compile the results for the author. This gives you a chance to give honest and anonymous feedback. You can still leave comments here as well. Remember, our goal is to help each other become better writers and reach our goals.
When I started my blog, it wasn't 'for' anyone in particular. It was actually more for me, so I could look back and see how far I had come, and what I could achieve. Kind of a way to record things, but with video and photos to accompany experiences I had had during my weight loss process, during the return to me!! (Hence the name - Return Of The Mackie). I don't have many followers, but I like to share my blog posts by linking it on facebook or on the 12WBT forum sites. I want people to know - and in particular the newer members - what can be achieved if you really work hard. Especially for the ladies (& gents) that started over 100kg like I did, that you can get your body moving, and really have results that blow your mind! The fact that I have had emails and messages from people stating that, and that I have inspired/encouraged them to keep going makes me want to write more!
Do Jews overwhelmingly support mass immigration? How is it rational for them to do so? Do they support Israel? Do they know what Israel’s immigration policies are?
4 TBSP coarse sanding sugar
ND - Absolutely Jim…
So there’s my rant. Take your phone, but if you don’t want to answer it…don’t! Be safe!
Jamie and her husband Tony have been married for twenty-one years and live in Indianapolis with their three sons and a giant of a dog named Leo.
I was like:
In addition to coordinating dates, times and subject matter with each specific venue there are forms for parental permission, a "statement of purpose" to be submitted to the principal for his or her approval, paperwork for transportation (school bus or subway), lunch forms (are we eating there or when we return?) and arrangements for payment (collecting money from parents or submitting a request for payment to the school's office manager).
Here are some of our upcoming events:
Make sure to let the ladies at KLB Virtual Events know if you like the new design. You can find them at @KLBVirtualEvnts on Twitter and here with this link.
An a line dress that looks best belted like so on me. On this one, I took time to add pockets. This fabric was free, so this dress simply cost the price of the thread I used. And, I still have lots more left over, of both the thread and fabric. It was also my first attempt at a zipper, which was successful for the most time. I cut the slit for it curved so the zipper curves a bit.
Overall, this $14 worth of samples didn’t live up to my expectations, and I feel like I should save my money to get one nice product I prefer instead. I did read other bloggers who got similar or same items, and were thrilled. Each to his(her)own. Also, my mom will go crazy on me if she finds out I subscribe to a box of samples monthly. This was a nice 3 month surprise- but I’m cancelling beauty subscriptions for now. Hopefully topbox removes me off the waitlist soon so I can try them for once!
Yeah, I believe in you
When I returned home from the Social Enterprise Alliance (SEA) conference in San Fransisco this spring the notion of mapping the space of social enterprise was high on my priority list, as that priority was mentioned in one of the plenary presentations. I did an industry breakdown then, but here is my latest:
Her friends forget, have strokes or falls,
K is for kids: Nope. But I do have two nieces and three nephews, who are cute beyond words and who I love even more knowing that I don’t have to change diapers, be the bad guy, or wake up early with them.
She found mine from when I was little and loved it so I thought- oh great idea!
These two procedures may be overly cautious — done for all to protect the very, very few — but neither have been proven dangerous. An argument could be made for rolling with hospital policy, if only to keep your blood pressure down at a time when you’ll be dealing with enough stress. If you want to avoid routine post-natal medication, first talk to your obstetrician or midwife well before the birth (before thirty-five weeks) about whether you have a choice in the matter, and if so, what he or she recommends for you. If you feel really strongly about this issue, you could consider a home birth where you’d have more say in the matter. Otherwise, you can find safety (or solace?) in numbers: the overwhelming majority of babies are given both treatments, and are apparently none the worse for it.
Then walk around the vehicle with the customer to note any existing damage that may be on the vehicle.
#12) Sherpas/butlers
In Malaysia, a similar act perpetrated on a Sikh teen is reported as:
But here’s a question: how exactly should a former champion end his cycling career? Going out in a blaze of glory sounds fantastic, but how often does that really happen? I mean, how many of us could walk away while we’re still winning? (Just walk into any nearby casino for the answer to that question.)
Additionally - and I don't know for sure if this is the case in Idaho - I have seen schools that try and integrate technology for technology's sake. This is what gives EdTech a bad rap. It isn't enough to have devices in the classroom; teaching and learning should be redefined with the power of the devices in mind. I hope educators who are transforming education with technology can continue to promote and publicize these best practices to show what a teched-out classroom can really do.
My fingers and toes are the only things decorated for Easter. Essie's polish "Turquoise & Caicos" on my toes, Essie's "She's Picture Perfect" (purple) on my fingers. Puts me in a terrifically springy mood.
And here is that glorious "Who do these people think they are?" moment:
morning shift heads in
Today marks the kickoff of the blog tour for Sweet Evil, an absolutely fantastic paranormal young adult novel by Wendy Higgins, and I'm beyond excited to welcome Wendy to the blog today to answer a few questions! I can't put into coherent sentences how much I adored this book (I literally stopped and started my review over multiple times trying to adequately express my love), so I hope all of you add it to your lists immediately if it's not on there already!
Having not been contacted by NewCity I am lead to believe yet another year as an artist in Chicago has passed & I have failed to "break out".
Blessed Maria Gabriella’s offering for Christian Unity witnesses to the fundamental thrust of every monastic life. Monastic conversion is a movement from the divided, fragmented self to the whole self, healed and unified in the love of Christ. The restoration of unity is the great monastic work; it is also the end and fruit of participation in the Holy Sacrifice of the Mass. Saint Thomas Aquinas teaches that the end proper to the sacrament of the Eucharist is the unity of the Mystical Body. Blessed Maria Gabriella, pray for us that we may go to the altar, letting go of the things that damage the unity of the Body of Christ, and ready to receive the gifts by which unity is repaired.
I spent a ton of time organizing and pricing the stuff we have in Erik's parents basement, The garage sale will be at their house, they have been a huge support in this garage sale fundraiser! :)
From the screwtop bottle it pours a wan yellow-gold, the meagre head subsiding quickly to an uneven skim. It tastes slightly cidery, and not in a good way. Light on fizz, but that just adds to the wateriness.
Next up, pull out something to start with. . .I really liked combination of blue and brown and the new Spellbinders Romantic Oval Dies which frame perfectly this scripture from the ODBD Scripture Collection, so that's what I started with.
‘Dark Virgin,’ said the hairy youth, ‘thy father stern, abhorr’d,
More than he will ever know…
Kicking off with a Celt Cwrw Lager as a token representation of Wales (Tom Jones wasn’t available) we got straight into the first course of Scotch Pie with Clapshot and the gentle charms of Fraoch Heather Ale. Shandy’s tale of paternal loyalty and recipe protection had the room wondering as to the true nature of the Scotsman and his beer. (Without wishing to give away the ending if you don’t know the story – they all die)
Cromwell
Easy Tiger 709 East 6th Street - 512-614-4972 - This brand new bakery and bar pays tribute to the fermentation that makes bread and beer possible. Hop on down there and have a brat, pretzel, and beer.
Just because we live in the era of media overload doesn't mean we can't find a beneficial use for these new venues. As writers, as artists of words.
Farmer Geoff demonstrates just how big the pumpkins can get. After a brief introduction at the farm, everyone loaded up onto a trailer and went for a ride behind the tractor. Just a word of advice, do not wear panty hose and sit on bales of hay. Just trust me on this one.
Comin thro' the rye,
You know, that kind of thing!
3) Cleveland Browns (via MN): RB Trent Richardson
So also in street photography.
Of lack
It was on a recent trip to Borders, crammed in the bargain bin, between a slew of inane self-help books, and about half a dozen copies of Bill Clinton’s Giving, I found a copy Daniel Stashower’s nonfiction book, The Beautiful Cigar Girl: Mary Rogers, Edgar Allan Poe, and the Invention of Murder. With a subtitle like that, and a price tag of only $3.99, I figured I couldn’t possibly go wrong.
“Then you are the Ancient One…” Hemmingbyrd interjects, but Moskk does not take his eyes off of Sir Elm, as he continues to circle the group.
This is driven by Year 7 interest. The younger boys have really taken to Gleitzman’s trilogy, and it’s not hard to see why – Felix is such an appealing character which softens the content matter.
We're so happy you could join us for this month's Getting Cricky Design Team Blog Hop!! We have an EXTRA SPECIAL hop for you this month -- For the past week we've been celebrating the BRAND NEW additions to our Getting Cricky team by showcasing some of our FAVORITE K Andrew Designs Stamp Art Sets... And NOW, we'd like for you to get to know more about us and our very special Guest Designer (and former Getting Cricky Design Team Sister), Larelyn from Handmade from My Heart!! Throughout the hop you'll be introduced to each of the Design Team Members who will each share a little about their styles and preferences for stamping!! We hope you'll enjoy each and every project along the way, so let's get hopping...
Anwaar: Oh father, do not be so troubled with Fareda’s silliness. I’m sure she thought that Azlah would be pleased to see creatively shaped candles. In her strange mind, this was an expression of reverence not disrespect.
And it makes sense: British Steel is a more commercial venture, not unlike Hell Bent for Leather before it, only far better written. This album is a veritable hit machine, built for radio without abandoning the whole heaviness of the chords and distinctive screaming that got them to that point. Yet, some of the songs are so damned unforgettable that their appeal transcended wide beyond the borders of the metal/hard rock audience, as prevalent as it was through the 80s. Hell, a live version of pretty much the entire album was available to download and play in Rock Band. I have family members two generations removed that know "Living After Midnight". Despite this level of saturation, though, I would find it dishonest to qualify British Steel as one of my very favorites from the band. Essential to own? Probably. Consistent? For the most part. But I've long felt that there were a few chinks in its armor which brokered the album's dominion from an empire to a fiefdom. A killer fiefdom that hosts a large range of jousts and events, mind you, but it couldn't win a war with its more stunning and grandiose siblings like Stained Class, Sin After Sin, Screaming for Vengeance or Painkiller.
I was told once that the grass is always greener on the other side of the fence, but that old adage is a bit of a paradox, and is fully facetious. But sometimes it’s true. I’ve already crossed the fence, and I found out that the grass is greener on the other side of the fence.
Coat a large saute pan with olive oil, add the pancetta and bring to medium-high heat. Cook the pancetta until it starts to brown and crisp on the edges, 6 to 8 minutes. Add the onions and the red pepper flakes and season with salt. Continue cooking until the onions are soft and aromatic, 8 to 10 minutes. Add the garlic and cook for another 2 to 3 minutes, stirring frequently.
That’s why Bessant and Drury’s win for their (*deep breath*) egg free, soya free, nut free, gluten free, dairy free, vegan ice cream caught my eye. (I think they’re probably wheat free, too, but need to check on that.) They’ve created a product that is not just aimed at the food allergy market but that can still declare itself to be allergy safe for many. I’d like to think this is the future for free from foods: not a specialist niche but an attempt to create properly luxury products that exclude the main allergens, but where taste is all.
His support for the Obama administration's Race to the Top education program is going to come back to haunt him, as will his insistence that RomneyCare's individual mandate only applies to 8% of the population. Actually, that law applies to everyone in Massachusetts. And he's also going to have to figure out how to defend himself on Bain Capital's record on outsourcing jobs.
This is a sample of the styrofoam I colored with Copic R17. It is important to allow the styrofoam to throughly dry. Flower Soft Adhesive or Elmers Glue was applied to the image, one color at a time. Gently press the styrofoam down and allow to dry. This process can be repeated with as many colors as you choose to use. Just think... this can be coordinated with all your Copic markers! You just have to add a drop or two of any Copic Various Ink Refill to the styrofoam granules and thoroughly mix together. You can also try to mix the granules and producing a medley of color. For my card, I wanted to be consistent with my light source. The styrofoam texture will not reflect light well so I chose to trick the eye by positioning my brightest color at the top where the light source would shine.
Hurrfuckinway….they are here. Shit.
* The type of alcohol used in the Copic markers is like ethanol. Know what else is made of a similar type of alcohol? Hand sanitizer gel! They're great as disinfectants... but even better as a craft medium! (OK, isn't everything better as a craft medium?) So keep a pump of hand gel on your crafting desk. It works like a charm for clean-up. I even found a purse-sized spray gel which will probably never make its way into my purse.
The issues aggravating my disordered eating are fixable. But the past few months, I’ve been treating my eating as a problem, rather than a symptom of a couple of much deeper issues. I think that if I can focus on the problems that I can fix, I will be able to get a firmer grasp on that animal that is my disordered eating.
I will end up in literature hell because I murdered a real book for it (it got it at the library flee market, it still broke my heart...).
across my aging features. Slowly he stepped closer.
Least sexy goes to Scott Weiland, post drug addiction. I saw STP at State Palace in 2000 or 2001, when he was fresh out of rehab. The rehab diet isn't sexy on anyone, I think.
yesterday but just never got around to it for some reason.
But don’t you ever lose your light
Now remember this is for you to make for your family, friends, charity and not for resale! Please be nice and respect that so I can keep sharing patterns with you, for FREE! Next up I'll have newborn and adult sizes.
1) Wash the oranges and place in a pot with water. Cover, bring to boil and then simmer till the oranges are soft. Turn the oranges around halfway into cooking for even cooking. Poke a knife or chopstick into the oranges. If it slides in and out easily, it's ready. I took about 30 minutes to cook the oranges.
Let me know, and I'll give you my 2 cents on my "how to"!
Let me start by stating that the workshop was life changing because it was the first time I was fitted, and I mean truly fitted, to make sure the pattern I made lined up with my shoulders, waist, hips, boobs, you name it. Practically everything we covered in the class is in The Complete Photo Guide to Perfect Fitting. The only thing you’ll miss is the time with Sarah, who was a fantastic and patient instructor.
Whether or not you agree with the speed, each passing year brings one more year of life to a close. The year has been satisfying or it has not, or most likely a mixture of the two. We all have certain expectations for our life. When they fall flat it is easy to become depressed, dissatisfied, and disenchanted. When life works the way we think it should, one would assume we would feel satisfied, happy and ready to conquer the world but that is not always the case.
to mukrake the self
The show starred a cast of virtual unknowns that have since gone on to highly successful Television and Film Careers. Before Cheers, few outside of Hollywood had ever heard of Shelley Long, Ted Danson, Woody Harrelson, Kelsey Grammer, John Ratzenberger, George Wendt, Bebe Neuwirth, Kirstie Alley, Rhea Perlman, etc. All are household names today.
Consider the irony of me saying that I was going to try to do things a bit differently and then dream about FLYING somewhere -- since I never fly. The not-enough-time-to-get-ready part--not so ironic--just typical.
"Do you need a glass of water or some toilet paper?"
They are allowed a runner (or assistant) each, due to their disabilities, so their back-up Team members are David Pooley, who suffers from cluster headaches (also known as “suicide headaches” as that’s their effect on the psyche), and finally Claire Pearce, (also an angler), who suffers from Fibromyalgia and uses a wheelchair when necessary. The entire team comprises anglers with various disablities, which makes them unique to the competition.
As far as what is being taught.. I think oral and anal sex is way too advanced for kids (hell, for a lot of adults too). I also think that some of the wording was kind of inflammatory, such as the part about 'giving kids lessons in oral sex'.
Mint, pint, senate and sedate;
When we got home, we were welcomed by the site of Alanah laying on the couch with a fever of 101.7.
“She pretends to be a tough guy and tries to make us all believe it, but we all know she is a cupcake. I heard her tell the janitor today that she loves him.”
I'll try to keep everyone posted, but will probably be MIA for a few days. Wish me luck!
# 3 : Xenocide (1991) by Orson Scott Card
22. coolwhip(she wrote that herself copying the cool whip "bowl", aka the fancy dishes in my mom's collection)
each time is different.
Come, south wind, that awakens love!
Ghost wants it to be over.
My daughter doesn't really have a lot of toys right now, and the ones she does have don't really have categories to go in. So, what I do for now, is I have 2 baskets that sit on the bottom shelves of our book case in our living room, and in those baskets go most of her toys. The stuffed animals and books are around them, too. I decided to wait to do this until after she went to bed because I knew she would pull everything out as soon as I put it away.
1/2 ounce dried porcini mushrooms
Well, now I know! I am as much biologically his as I am my (absent from my life) father.
We only played Game 1 for a couple minutes, because it's pretty lame. Not very challenging, no strategy, also the "True" player has an advantage, because more of the possible statements come out True. On to...
Question Five.
I am afraid to say it….terrified I might “jinx it”…or reverse what has been, by saying the words out loud…but I WANT TO SHOUT IT FROM THE ROOF TOPS…..
This next one is made from the same blend, but dyed a multi-color purple, rust, even a bit of yellow. Each of these skirts take about 3 yards of fabric, and it's not cheap! But it's really amazing how these feel when you put them on. Half-circle style, with an attached waistband/ties with carriers around for multiple sizing. I also put pockets on the side of each one.
Now I now that this book has not come from nowhere - it's already won several major international prizes, including the PEN/Hemingway award - and that the political import of these stories will have helped in this, but these are SHORT STORIES, for goodness' sake.
The 3rd revised estimates released on 22nd April’12 India’s have futher pushed the 2011-12 total foodgrains production estimate upwards by 2 million tonne to an all-time high of 252.56 million tonne, helped by bumper output of wheat and rice. In February’12, foodgrains production was pegged at 250.42 million tonne for the 2011-12 crop year (July-June). India produced 244.78 million tonne during 2010-11.
At a third level, however, the story represented a failure of the Times’ public editor, a position established in the wake of the Jayson Blair scandal to represent the readers and to champion journalistic integrity from within the paper. Then-public editor Byron Calame penned two columns on the lacrosse case. The first, which appeared in spring 2006, minimized even the factual inaccuracies that had marred Roberts’ early columns. The second, which came after the exonerations in spring 2007, denied any ideological bias to the Times coverage, and declined even to speculate on why the Times had gotten the story so wrong for so long. It was left to the AJR and the Chronicle to analyze the Times’ wreckage.
No-one remembers you’re sane
Firstly, it turned out that the majority of waiting folks needed to take the J70 bus, the same as mine, the only one of its kind, going downtown. Within the first twenty minutes of waiting, two passed us by — overcrowded. No squishing would have made a difference there. Now the J70 crowd decided to capture and occupy the third bus. One red-headed lady standing in front of me, at the edge of the elevated bus station, and an elderly man behind me took the lead.
The poster of the boycott lobby now says: “Europeans, defend yourselves against Israeli atrocity propaganda.” Where is the difference?
1. Call law enforcement and ask for EMS if needed.
We are a large family @ LSH with over 1100 members and growing every day. We want to show you the love, fun, and creativeness we share @ LSH. There is 12 prizes hidden in these blogs from Sponsors such as:
This outfit has been put together for a casual look, but maxi skirts are perfect for evenings out and special occasions when teamed with the right shoes and accessories. Most stores had maxi skirts in during the Spring/Summer season and still have them in right now in a number of materials, including jersey and chiffon. Before purchasing them, it is important to try them on because they can be quite long especially if you are petite. In that case, a pair of heels always comes in handy, or you can have someone turn it up at the bottom. I love the Chiffon type material because it looks good and sleek but it can also be see through so make sure you check what it looks like on.
Did it hurt? - I stuck burning hot fire on a stick in my mouth so yeah, pretty much.
The instrumental music and songs from ancient
Inspiring bold John Barleycorn!
I think not!
1/4teaspoon ground turmeric
A ship carrying 490 Sri Lankan asylum seekers reached Canada in August 2010 after being turned back by the Australian Navy in May. An asylum seeker boat has never reached New Zealand.
Same reasons as the pashmina, except this one can be tied around your head if you're having a bad hair day, thrown around your neck and dangling down the fronts of your blazer,
Sunshine ted
Unfortunately, the social media campaign does not verify whether or not your chosen seat mate is a notorious armrest-hog, but it could certainly make networking and fraternizing on the 16-hour flight from San Francisco to Amsterdam a bit more pleasant.
Let's just hope his last culture doesn't grow more pseudomonas or we will be in a pickle. Actually, he will grow it eventually and the inevitable will happen. We will have to challenge him (a.k.a. give him some of what we think may have caused the reaction) at PCH where they will be fully equipped should he react. As Dr. R said, whatever it is, if he just got hives last time, the next time he's exposed, he'll get more than hives.
Edwin Muir will remain among the poets who have added glory to the English language. He is also one of the poets of whom Scotland should always be proud.
Finally, my wife suggested something I'd toyed with for years: self-publishing. I'm a graphic designer, web programmer, copywriter, and marketing consultant by trade, so I just happened to possess all the skills and experience necessary to pull it off. I published The Faustian Host in March 2012 for Kindle and Nook, and it should be available for iBooks as well.
What is 'Hoochie Mama"?
The final grey dress was a no for me simply because it just didn’t fit. It was much too big and there were no other sizes available, so I had to say farewell to it. I did really love the sparkle trim and the “come hither” back though.
Whisk in the flour and garlic and cook, stirring constantly, until the mixture is golden and fragrant but not burned, 1-2 minutes. Whisk in the milk. Cook the mixture, stirring frequently, until it begins to bubble and thicken. Whisk in the salt, red pepper flakes, pepper, and cayenne pepper. Remove the pan from the heat and whisk in the Fontina and white cheddar until completely melted and smooth. (If necessary, you can return the pan to low heat to melt the cheeses.)
You can give it a go here:
'See' you when we get back :-)
Saturday morning, 6:30am... alarm tells me it is time to go to the barn. I'm meeting Eva (High Tech Horse) at 8:30am to go check out some barns since she has to move for work next month. I unwrapped the pony and cleaned his stall then turned him out. His leg is cool and tight!!! SCORE. No meds today to make sure the swelling and heat are really gone on their own. I left a note for the BO telling her that I thought he would be good with limited turnout in the paddock for the whole day and evening and I would re-evaluate Sunday morning.
Ms. Marvel by Axebone. She-Hulk by Joey O’Brien. Squirrel Girl by Chris Foreman.
Many of you think of the cherubim upon the human realm as little valentine creatures, cupids with arrows. This is a very sweet interpretation, but—and we have no problem with it—but it is also a misconception, for the cherubim are also the keepers of grace and beauty, of knowledge, of the creation of One. So they often hold the energy of the Creation and assist in the manifestation of that infinite, eternal creation throughout the universe. They do not tend to insert themselves, shall we say, into the areas of human affairs. They are gentle, they are sweet, and they are powerful.
First you will need a kombucha mushroom and some kombucha. If you live in Penang I can give them to you if I have any spare at the time – and usually I do. Everything else you can buy in a supermarket.
Julia is evening out a little bit. Her sleeping has gotten a bit better and the "tantrums" are calming down.
But soon, I’m confident, Japan will be back to normal.
In much modern architecture, everything is streamlined - flat surfaces and geometric shapes without the ornamentation that lends character and beauty to so many older buildings. So-called ‘rational’ architecture eschews tradition and local and national vernacular styles and materials, leading to conformity and an artificialism that make people feel out of place. It is impossible to love tower blocks or office buildings, or places dominated by them.
Not only are the number of attacks growing but cyber criminals went after devices like ATMs, laptops and smartphones in a much higher frequency than they did in previous years, accounting for 60% of all attacks in 2011. Other prime targets of hacktivists this past year have been News Corp., Sony, PBS, the Federal Bureau of Investigation, Central Intelligence Agency, Department of Justice, and a number of security firms. In total, Verizon and its collaborators recorded a total of 855 data breaches, encompassing a whopping 174 million compromised records. The number of data breaches in 2010 (as accounted for in Verizon’s 2011 Data Breach Investigations Report) was just around 4 million, demonstrating the staggering increase from 2010 to 2011.
-1 metal slime skin, dropped off of metal slimes. These can be found near Canthus Castle, on the island that surrounds the castle's island. (Neutral World) This place is marked with ???? on the neutral world map located here. If you know a Goof Off with transmute skin skill, they can take 2 green slime skins and attempt to make them into metal
OP calls $5.00
At 10:00 pm, TBS’ drama “Sengyou Shufu Tantei” was going against a competition with the very popular anime “Lupin Sansei: Chi no Kokuin – Eien no Mermaid” and Fuji TV’s strong drama special, “Daisan no Onna“. In the end the drama had to let loose a couple of viewers (-0.7%) and dropped below the 10.0% mark again (09.5%).
VARIANTS: Deidra, Deidre, Deitra (English), Derdriu (Irish Mythology)
Love should give you the right to:
A recent post on writenotright got me thinking about what fuels my muse. Whenever I sit down to write, a number of elements are needed to please my fickle muse. She’s a little more cooperative when the Top Ten List is in play:
Crazy stuff.
PS. Read with an open mind. I may step on a lot of toes with this, but things must be said…if i am to be a villain and alienate people I care about..so be it.
-- SEC Conference
It's only after you've known them for some time that you find out what it was in their past or background that caused that particular reaction. Maybe they tell you themselves or you might hear it from someone else. Either way, the pieces suddenly fall into place and you think,
Ok, so I get it, the reasoning. It actually makes sense. Whenever someone has been victimized they need to find someone or something to blame, to hate in order to find a way to cope. I have to do some more research into the whole “forgotten 3 year war” before I make too many claims on the specific subject, but from what I can tell, the US pretty much went in there and slaughtered the nation in fairly horrific ways. It is not unrealistic that in trying to pick up the (literal) pieces of their country and their lives they needed to blame, point fingers, and even hate until the healing is done.
flaps against a window. You see they die.
It's amazing how our brain works. There really is no green dot, and the pink ones really don't disappear. This should be proof enough, we don't always see what we think we see.
The idea is that each type of 'tea' approaches a different aspect of life i.e. Tired tea has an orange scent which can help you feel more energetic and Love tea has a rose scent which makes you feel uplifted (the same as my Aromaterapy Plush). What do you do when you have a problem? Pop the kettle on and chat it out. These are based on a similar idea.
To part 1 add about 1/2 to 3/4 tspn of saffron and mix gently till well combined
Bears not alive so stout a gentleman.
I have used the gorgeous 'Lili's Birthday Cake' image and 'Make a Wish' sentiment available here coloured with Copics, Spica Glitter and added Special Effects and Glimmer Mist. My icing skills need a little more practice using the pearl pen lol!
The report to Mkhwanazi also reveals that Hawks investigators found evidence that shows Mthethwa used a Mercedes-Benz SUV, bought in 2010 in Umhlanga with crime intelligence secret funds, between March 2010 and June last year.
While I am not a fan of romances, I did find this to be an interesting variation of this genre. I had requested and received all of the books in this series and recommend that anyone who wants to read Eversworn: Daughters of Askara should read the other two in the series first. While not fully necessary as the book does stand alone very well, there are references to the other books that can be confusing to anyone who had not read Everlong or Evermine. Eversworn has a wonderful plot and rhythm and I was pleasantly surprised with the book and found it to be a good read. While I did originally think this was going to be a fantasy book, the intimate details added to the story line left no doubt that this is a romance book. For those of you who like fantasy and romance you get both in this well written book.
● When is the loan repaid?
But enough about the book as an object. You probably just want to know what it's about, right?
Peace Covenant:
Mr. Clifton Winchester - Member
We have split the design team into TEAM A and TEAM B and this week it is TEAM A's turn to provide the inspiration, you might notice that some of TEAM B have managed to sneak in as well, they're just so keen!
There is no better way to say “Goodbye to Argentina” than a night in Club Fulgor. I think it is the one thing that convinces Viv to return with me year after year.
Fill it will helium, meanwhile, and perhaps it will even float on air...
Sec. 14. That the Government of the Philippine Islands is hereby authorized and empowered to enact rules and regulations and to prescribe terms and conditions to enable persons to perfect their title to public lands in said Islands, who, prior to the transfer of sovereignty from Spain to the United States, had fulfilled all or some of the conditions required by the Spanish laws and royal decrees of the Kingdom of Spain for the acquisition of legal title thereto, yet failed to secure conveyance of title; and the Philippine Commission is authorized to issue patents, without compensation, to any native of said Islands, conveying title to any tract of land not more than sixteen hectares in extent, which were public lands and had been actually occupied by such native or his ancestors prior to and on the thirteenth of August, eighteen hundred and ninety-eight.
An annoying aspect of the open letter is that Elsevier are not precise about what they mean. For example, what is meant by the cost of downloading an article? Does it mean the cost for a private individual who follows a link to an article, clicks “Download pdf” and is then asked for $30 or so? If so, did it really cost $150 10 years ago? That would have been insane. Or does it mean what you get if you divide the total amount paid by all the institutional subscribers round the world by the total number of downloads by researchers at those institutions? If it’s the latter (or something more like the latter), then is the fall in this average cost due to a lowering of prices or to an increase in the number of downloads, or to some mixture of the two? And if there has been an increase in the number of downloads, is that not explained by the fact that everybody does more online these days, coupled with the fact that looking at a paper online takes much less effort than trekking over to the library and finding it on a shelf?
This album is my favorite of theirs, and, just like in the case of E.S.T., I’m glad it was to be the last. Going out with a bang such as this isn’t the worst fate than can befall a rock band, not by a long shot. Wavering Radiant is a culmination of a path ISIS walked proudly for almost twenty years, cutting a swath through the thicket that was the metal genre when they began. In my opinion metal is normally a question of attitude, first and foremost, and only later does it become aesthetically assured of itself, as it were. With ISIS, I suspect things were turned around from the start. Rarely have I heard a band which gives such a strong impression of intellectual awareness of their music. There’s no facade to keep, no “message” to convey, there’s just a raw feeling of pleasure towards creating music which is, simply put, mighty. In spite of their sludge-metal, drone roots, mature ISIS releases never sounded stale, never allowed themselves the indulgence of pounding a mechanical riff into the listener’s brain senselessly. It always felt like the band was making music they’d enjoy listening to, first and foremost, and that would simply refuse the luxury of being boring. Wavering Radiant is perhaps the best example of that – the grafting of desperately brutal passages (both vocal and instrumental) on spacious, luminescent stretches of sound of haunting beauty is perhaps never more accomplished than on this record. The song Ghost Key comes to mind, with it’s numerous fragments, seamlessly sewed together with the utmost confidence by the band, covering the entire range of their expression to a level only hinted at on previous releases.
Hang on!
Coronary angiography is the most accurate diagnostic technique, but it also is the most invasive. It shows the heart’s chambers, great vessels, and coronary arteries by using a contrast solution and x-ray technology.
“No,” he replied, smile widening. For a moment I thought he might be actually pleased to be reminded he didn’t have to go to school that morning. Reliving it must somehow double the pleasure to a school going lad.
Such were most of its administrative staff - for example, Sizwe Mkhonto, also an East German-trained intelligence officer and former political student at the Moscow Party Institution, who was camp commander for a long time; Afrika Nkwe, also Soviet intelligence and a politically trained officer, who was a senior commander and commissar at Quatro, with occasional relapses of mental illness; Griffiths Seboni; and Cyril Burton, all falling within the same categories, to name but a few.
- I do not share his view that the military should be reduced by 25%;
Pour the mixture in a square mold and bake it in about 25 minutes. Let it cool and finish it with powdered sugar.
Fennel Seeds-1 Tsp
Marina R. Gertsberg, 25, New York, N.Y.
Each day I'd scribble in my journal: Write post about unfinished business.
I'd love to know if you're doing this, if only to give you a big pat on the back and some encouragement along the way. If you had any questions about a design, I'd definitely be willing to give you pointers and advice, or even proofread your book if needed.
According to Hagmann, Obama's refusal to produce the documents asked of him, would automatically exclude him from becoming the head of any major business corporation, do we really require less of the leader of the free world?
We tend to reduce the discussion about womanhood to peripheral questions: her marital status, whether she has children, her education and career choices, whether she works outside of the home, her use of birth control, whether she educates her children at home or sends them off to school, the type of clothes and make-up she wears. These questions are not unimportant, but they are not the essence of true womanhood.
He was overshadowed by those like Warhol who manipulated that world in a very different and successful manner. He has been called - in fact, called himself - New York's most famous unknown artist, but one who challenged the commercial and critical establishment. His life art, life and death were deliberate puzzles and the extent of his influence has only become apparent posthumously.
This Venus City transcends both time and space and our labels and concepts of ‘beauty’ or even ‘transcendence.’ She is seen, but a scene. More than urban, she sustains the pastoral. She is an age and an ocean of time, but the sandy, familiar shores of home. She stimulates, but does not encompass all. She is the heart’s assassin and the mind’s familiar sofa. She is a nap on Sunday.
It's not like they're even making life easier or more enjoyable either. I suppose yer average bread and circuses engrossed human just feels comfortable being shat on.
That is the problem with where you live, it is an illusion, and one which is rapidly fading. With luck some parts of it may last another fifty years, but you have signed away your home by pretending it will last forever and ignoring the truth which is rushing your way.
One of the things I am most excited about (and most nervous about) was moving my hops plant. I had planted it two years ago on the trellis that held my espaliered pear trees because I had run out of room elsewhere. It was a stopgap measure, and I was going to move it last spring, but well, once a hops starts growing it doesn't stop, and it got going before I got around to moving it. So it stayed were it was planted, and grew HUGE, and threatened to take over the pears. It grew from the trellis into the nearby sunflowers, it attacked people as they got out of cars, and it produced three gallon bags worth of hop flowers. It was amazing.
There are notable exceptions, greatest among them being The Empire Strikes Back. Superior to the original Star Wars in almost every respect, it took the momentum of the original film and augmented it, and made a new, greater movie from the fabric of the first. Other exceptions (in my humble opinion) include the Lethal Weapon films (which noticeably improve as the series advances), Shanghai Knights (following Noon), The Mummy Returns, and The Karate Kid Part II. The Indiana Jones films, taking a bit of a dive with Temple of Doom, came back with one of the greatest franchise films of all time with The Last Crusade.
The trick is learning how to take rocks OUT of your backpack. Pick a rock....any rock. Say the one made of worrying about some future event that may not even happen. Envision reaching back and grabbing that rock. Feel its weight. Identify what it's made of, take a big wind-up, and throw it as far as you can. Then leave it where it lands. (I usually throw mine into deep water).
This is not the actual Murrumbidgee proper but a billabong. The whole area in and around North Wagga was under water in January. You can see how high the water had to get to come up and around the levies.
Thanks for dropping by.
And what then? By partially nationalising private businesses, the government has also arrogated to itself the right to decide what are matters of conscience. In short, it has not only nationalised businesses: it has nationalised conscience. We no longer enjoy the freedom of conscience which once we did.
On a septic tank truck.
There were ethereal specters there all around the bed of this lost girl.
I've loved David Lynch even when I hated him, but up until the awesome BAD LIEUTENANT 2: PORT OF CALL NEW ORLEANS, I admit I had a hard time with Werner Herzog. For example: I just couldn't 'get' AGUIRRE, WRATH OF GOD (monkey armies? When?) and GRIZZLY MAN (there's audio of a fatal bear attack and you won't play it?) Then there's Herzog's titles, which are often whole sentences in length: LITTLE DIETER NEEDS TO FLY? Excuse me? Am I blocking the runway? EVEN DWARFS STARTED SMALL? Es tu serio? That's the title of your film? Why assume they wouldn't?! My Argentine ex-wife had an old PAL VHS of DWARFS on our shelf for years and just the spine filled me with horror at the thought she would one day force me to watch it. Nothing personal. I was just a dumb Yankee at the time, and knew for example, nothing of the rest of the world and the little creatures in it.
Lite Cool Whip - 20 calories or 1 point
Those who’ve read a few Regencies will be familiar with the ton’s visits to Almack’s, White’s, Tattersalls, Vauxhall Gardens with their fireworks, the Drury Lane Theatre and, of course, shopping on Bond Street calls to mind modern day excursions to Rodeo Drive in L.A. or 5th Avenue in N.Y.C. Although, I like it much better when the landmarks serve the plot as more than just cardboard cut-outs propped up in the background scenery. What was so special about these places that the cream of society, the haute ton, couldn’t find elsewhere? What does it say about the characters that frequent these landmarks?
Today I have taken 2 metoclopramide, 4 Gabapentin, 3 codeine, 9 loperamide, 4 paracetamol and 2 Temgesic melts.
Article 10 of the Federal Constitution states that all citizens have the right tofreedom of speech and expression, to assemble peaceably and without arms and the right to form associations. Article 19 and 20 of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights further upholds the rights to freedom of opinion and expression, and peaceful assembly and association. These rights should be held paramount by States and laws aiming to regulate these freedoms should not result in the banning and restriction of rights.
Going on their public pronouncements to date, NAMA might have a thing or two to say about all this, given, as it is, to working with developers on their business plans, paying them considerable “management fees” to do so, letting them in certain circumstances walk away from their liabilities and so on and they might even blather about the property rights of their developer “borrowers”.
Then we have the famous "up the nostrils" shot that defined many of the cards of the 1970's.
So here were the top stops for this Boston visit:
1. Molson Coors is rolling out a new beer for women: Animee. As the name suggests, it means "animated" or, perhaps, "enlivened." The virtues are three: 1) a "low-bloating" formula that apparently involves less CO2, 2) low bitterness, and 3) versions in plain, rose, and citrus. The company is also releasing a lighter, more lightly-carbonated beer called Carling Chrome, also aimed at women. Americanos, you're out of luck: the beers are only available in Britain, where apparently few women drink beer. I'm all for breweries catering to women for a change, but my question is this: do women clamor for these kinds of beers, and will it tend to ghettoize a strata of brew as "chick beers?"
That’s right, London.
MIT and Harvard will use the jointly operated edX platform to research how students learn and how technologies can facilitate effective teaching both on-campus and online. The edX platform will enable the study of which teaching methods and tools are most successful.
7 weeks down and weighing in at 77.7kg, just 0.7kg off a 7kg weight-loss.
O the life on Edwardian steamships
“During the week of World Press Freedom Day, it would be deplorable if access to independent and impartial news was being prevented in any way. We would strongly condemn any blocking of the trusted news that we broadcast around the world including via distribution partners.”
Director's Triple Crown
3/4 C Almond slivers
Probably the most anticipated time on any cattle drive or roundup was relaxing around the campfire. After a long hard day of riding–usually ten or twelve hours in duration–it was a time of socializing with tall tales, gambling and music.
In addition to a loveable main character, this book illustrates a great female friendship in the emails between Beth and Jennifer. You never really meet either character, but you can see how they support one another and joke with one another and are just plain old good friends to one another. They’re hilarious and make me miss my old work friends with whom I would exchange instant messages all day. It’s really lovely to see a healthy and realistic friendship between two women characters!
“What's out there?” Mary asked from behind him.
Then came the craftiest part…the label…and a bow! I fumbled around in Word to find the pretties font and type uo the instructions. I also typed up the ingredients and nutrition information. Then after 5 attempts with templates, I finally got the business card stock to print out right.
Sometimes I think about moving to an apartment, or perhaps moving closer to the city to have a better chance of finding a job. But honestly, there’s no way I could. Not after a morning like this morning. Not with the view I have here. How could I move from a place where all I can see are fields and all I can hear are birds chirping and bees buzzing to a place where the next house is only a few feet away and all you hear is car doors slamming? Mornings like this one make me realize that now that I’ve lived here, I’ll never be able to live anywhere else. Sure, I’ll probably not live in this particular house forever, but from where I’m sitting, Brownstown, Indiana is looking pretty darn good.
The show also features extensive excerpts from Tod Machover's 1987 opera VALIS. I'd never heard this composition and now that I have I can't say I was wrong to stay away for so long. But still, it's interesting to check out just for a sense of the opera's flavor. Note: Garland waits until near the end of the show to play these excerpts so if you get bored in the middle of John Williams' score for Spielberg's adaptation of Minority Report, make sure to skip ahead before surfing on.
___________________________________________________________________________________________________________
I’ve never cried over losing a game before, but I came pretty darn close with this one. I was the reason for the runner on third.
THE ALTERNATIVE: SOLIDARITY
To this day I go there when I need to be alone with my thoughts. I went there today to think about this blog. The difference is now I have a more mature appreciation for the place. I have a photo log of the butterflies, dragonflies and damselflies of the pond and the surrounding woods. I have mapped out the trails that crawl about the national forest in the area. I have become enamored by the variety of mushrooms and other fungi that thrive there. I care for the place. I even run a Facebook page for Braley Pond. What was once merely a refuge is now a place of study and personal reflection.
If the only thing that you have accomplished that day is breathing, that my friend is a job well done, you did it. Now, move on or you will go no where.
Tough question. I enjoy writing each and for totally different reasons. Picture books are my way to remain in childhood, preserve some innocence in the world. Writing middle grade gives me the chance to stretch that innocence, mingle it with the challenges of puberty and self-discovery tweens go through, and add some silliness in there. Young Adult is the largest canvas of the three. I can use all the above, while increasing the intensity on life issues, the world,
1 medium to large onion (about 2 cups), chopped or sliced
Spiderman in the Flesh – Country Teasers
Height-wise, for my deep edger punch, I measure up the depth of the cardstock by butting the punch against the cardbase (piccie below) and work out how much of the punched edge I want above the base box. You can't see it well from the photo, but it came to 6cm.
After we cheered for the other people to finish, everyone hung around to munch on food and chat a little. Maybe it was the small numbers or maybe trail people are just like that, but these people were REALLY nice. They have some local trail groups that seem like just the thing I’m looking for this year. You see, this is The Year of Trying New Running Things. I want to make friends, run faster, break out of my comfort zone, and travel to new places.
17 If You Want Me
Years ago (I was in high school), I was playing AD&D at a friend's house. We'll call him A. He had an Arizona room (a kind of screened porch with an evaporative cooler) and that was where we played. Think of it as an Arizona basement. :)
Yes, I always wanted to title myself Lonnie ”RR” Robertson but this story is the truth so I don’t really belong in that group upon the peak of Olympus occupied by real crafts persons of fiction… and I SO wanted “RR” in my name… all the really “in” wRRiters have it! I guess I’ll never be L.R.R. Robertson. Oh well, everybody calls me “Ol’ Chum Bucket” anyway.
Well, I think that's pretty fabulous advice so I'm going to show you some of the images that have been floating around in my 'Kitchen Inspiration' folder for a while that I find myself coming back to again and again (even before I had a kitchen to work on!). Because I've had many of them long before I had a blog, I don't know where the majority of them are from so if you know, just let me know in the comments and I'll be sure to give credit where credit is due!
keep on falling to the ground.
This episode brings us to the end of the introduction of new characters and the episode finishes on a cliffhanger (kinda).
Here’s a fact for you: 40% of all urban trips are 2 miles or less, and of those trips, 90% of them are by car. There’s a whole site devoted to this fact and attempting to change it, if even by a small amount. That site is 2 Mile Challenge which was started by Clif bar. Best of all, they donate money based on the mileage you enter to charities which help to promote alternative forms of transportation (Alliance for Biking and Walking, Safe Routes to School Partnership, and 350.org) I personally am in support of 350.org since one of my main passions is combating global warming.
My plan did not include my now 14 yr old twins, but thankfully my Maker's plan did.
For your posts, we have only this:
I’ve finally been faced
Since that day, hundreds have gathered in Punxsutawney, Pennsylvania every year for the annual “Ground Hog and Terrible City Name Festival.” It’s always quite a sight to see. The biggest draw is national groundhog hero Punxsutawney Phil predicting the weather for the coming year. Phil is the world’s best known animal meteorologist.
Jones's military duty continued throughout the seventies. While serving as First Class Fire Control Technician on the Destroyer USS C.V. Ricketts, he facilitated classes and seminars for fellow personnel regarding race relations. In addition, Ray started singing in the ship's band. The racially integrated group performed at a number of USO functions throughout Europe with a repertoire that ran the gamut from R&B to Rock to Country & Western and everything in between. Ray was becoming a fan of all these types of music, and was incorporating different elements of them into his own emerging style. He was particularly enamored with the story telling nature of Country music. An idea started to form. Why not take his favorite parts of the Country sound and combine them with his Soul roots? The band began working with the "Country Soul" concept.
at the alpha and the omega,
Isn’t that silly? So many people think that way. It’s like getting a divorce. The problem is you still have a common denominator, and is it you. We take ourselves with us. But Patrick and I felt God was telling us to leave elem3nt and serve somewhere else.
The Park City chapter will meet quarterly, with the first meeting being held on Thursday, April 26, 2012. The meeting will start with a brief brewery tour then adjourn to Good Karma for a beer tasting and just taking time to get to meet other women, network, chat and enjoy each other's company.
CD: Whereabouts in Germany do you live now? Are you likely to stay
Enough hope to keep you happy.
The age limit does not necessarily mean the policy owner will get nothing if the insured lives beyond the age set in the policy. “Most age limited policies offer the possibility for the policy to continue beyond the limit but without the guarantee as long as enough money is coming in to cover the premium,” Lunman said. However, that premium could increase significantly once the age limit is reached, perhaps so much the client would not want to pay it.
So you constantly go around saying things like “Make it so!” or “These aren’t the droids you’re looking for.” So your skin complexion gives Casper a run for his money and you can easily destroy most puny mortals in any game remotely resembling trivia pursuit. So you’re fluent in three languages, none of them real. So you’re a geek. Or a nerd. Or some hybrid of the two.
and this
A little bit later Danny and Funny Man come back but go straight to the bus. I have officially decided that I am a Pokemon master and Charlie Scene and Funny Man are rare Pokemon and I am having the hardest time trying to get those two to stop running away. They are the only two I still need pictures with to complete my collection. Then, J walks by and joins DK’s group conversation then goes to the bus and were like crap we suck. Then DK freaking walks away and we’re like mkay we suck at this try again tomorrow? Me and my friend we’re already planning on seeing them again the next night and we tried to convince the others to go too but they weren’t really sure if they we’re going to. So, we decided to call it a night and said we’d meet up the next night to do it again if they went……To Be Continued…..
Whatever one’s stance on the merits of celebrity activism, one cannot ignore the fact that famous people such as George Clooney, Angelina Jolie or U2’s Bono have made a valuable contribution to raising awareness of pressing issues, especially poverty reduction, debt relief, refugee assistance and human rights violations. Of course with celebrity activism comes the risk of oversimplifying complex issues or encouraging emotional narratives that clash with the realities of policy formulation / implementation. However, one cannot deny that celebrity involvement in non-profit advocacy has lead to a demonstrably better mobilization of public opinion and a facilitated access to decision-makers compared with what the average activist/NGO could hope to achieve.
May the Lord bless them as they enter their first calls.
**This giveaway ends on May 2nd at 5pm EST. The winner will be chosen via a random number generator and will be contacted by email and will have 72 hours to reply before a new winner will be chosen. I won these products and I am conducting this giveaway on my own. **
The U.S. has shown a weak hand in dealing with North Korea. In the 1990s the Clinton administration engaged in classic appeasement, standing by for eight years while the North Korea-Chinese missile export joint venture moved ahead. No American administration going back to the days of Jimmy Carter has done much to restrain the North Koreans and the United Nations has an even worse track record.
This letter was sent to the NY Times but they never acknowledged it.
Carter, instead of taking on OPEC and demanding increased production, imposed rationing on gasoline, and home heating oil and placed tariffs on imported oil. America literally ran out of gas and what gas could be purchased was paid for at outrageous prices.
I decided a few weeks ago that it was time to quit smoking. After I explained that he may want to run and hide, J told me that he is fully supportive of whatever I decide to do, and he wasn't trying to make me into his idea of Super Nora. He likes me just the way I am. I have to admit I melted a bit at that one.
Stokes, Cam - THE DEVILS ARE HERE
17 Thirty and two years old was he when he began to reign; and he reigned eight years in Jerusalem.
The first time I saw trees in an Orthodox Church was at St. Tikhon’s Monastery in Pennsylvania, just after Pentecost Sunday. I was completely caught off guard. Though I had been in a number of different Churches over the years, I had never been in a parish of Russian background for the feast of Pentecost. Thus I had missed the Slavic practice of bringing trees into Church for the feast of Pentecost. It was wonderful – like going into Church only to find a forest.
Every single person I know all is just trying to comfort themselves by numbing away the pain of existence. Whether by drugs, sex, gambling, or adrenaline, they’re all running from reality.
I love the colours on the photo and regretfully I didn't quite capture the richness. But I went for the dark reds, whites and blue colours as my inspiration. I added a little green to mine also. This is the first Christmas card of the year for me but I'm determined to get many done before December so expect to see more...
Just south of Half Moon Bay, sitting all alone on a slight hill overlooking the Pacific Ocean is the James Johnson House. The classic New England saltbox (two stories in front, one in back) was built by '49er pioneer James Johnston between 1853-1855, for his bride, Petra Maria de Jara.
Oh my sweet Lord, my cries of frustration could be heard for miles. There’s been a recent rash of “girls falling for their abusers” in young adult paranormal romance (and the fact that that phrase comes from actual Barnes & Noble shelving makes me want to breathe fire) in novels such as Hush, Hush, and it’s so problematic that it makes my bile rise. Of course, this is something we’re exploring in this class—the way women are treated in this narratives written by men, especially sexually. The Rover, being written by an actual woman, Aphra Behn, improves upon that with the witty Helena; then again, it also includes a male protagonist who attempts to rape who is rewarded with the witty Helena at the end. It’s easy to forget how circumscribed one can be by one’s time, although that is no excuse.
Read the prequels:
The festivities came on the tail end of a bit of a rough week for Georgia as she had been having some pain around her port site. She's usually a little tender for a while right after she gets de-accessed, but this felt different and made it difficult for her to sleep comfortably or even breathe normally. So Tuesday, we went to the clinic to check it out, and a chest x-ray showed that nothing was amiss with the port itself or anything around it, so we're chocking it up to a muscle strain that was probably aggravated by the port being there. She's been on ibuprofen ever since and says it's feeling much, much better - almost "back to normal." How wonderful that sounds!!!
pro markers,glamour dust and Flower soft, to make the topper.
A widow throwing away bags and bags of her husband’s things. Suits, leather shoes, belts, jackets, hobby equipment, his shaving kit and other various items of his time on Earth. She has bagged up her husband’s life. 30 years of marriage consolodated into a pile of 27 black plastic (body) bags, being hurteled into the back of a blue truck stained with rust and grime, by two young men she has never met before. Strangers throwing away and silently contemplatig the cash value of her late husband’s belongings. We act polite. We are polite. Perhaps this woman is lucky. We could be far more crude and insensitive, but we aren’t. I understand people and I would never compromise the fragile state of a woman in mourning.
Among authors who write for the 11+ age group, who do you really admire?
Day 5: How long did it take from the time you learned how to knit, to finish your first project?
But even better: I got a big shock 5 years ago when I picked up a book - 500 ways to change the world - at a stall at the Word on the Street festival in Toronto. I was in town to facilitate the YWALK youth forum and I bought the book knowing that it could be useful in some way.
* 1 (7 oz) can salsa
~ organizing the venue (the beautiful First Presbyterian church in Mankato)
"Yes. A mind-eater." Taslin was offering no mercy of ignorance; even the most powerful Wildren feared mind-eaters.
I must admit I wasn't too upset as this bed frame is about 17 years old and I had been hinting that we need a new bed for a while. Not so good for the budget put good for a room makeover!
And since I was mostly a waste of space on Sunday, today is a matter of getting back to normalcy once again. Which will require a sweat session at the gym that will surely not be pleasent. Along with a trip to the grocery store.
We’re still trucking right along with schooling, and we’re slowly approaching the light at the end of the tunnel (the end of 3rd grade really). Here’s how our last week went:
2 cups elbow macaroni, cooked to al dente in salted water
I've been a bit busy trying to sort out a job (which may be coming to fruition, with people I've worked with in the past!! and they still want to work with me again!!) and as the header says I was in Suffolk for the weekend so the poor old patch has been a bit neglected!! I do have a couple of bits of news from other sources, a MERLIN was seen yesterday at the castle and the LESSER SPOTTED WOODPECKERS were seen well. On the moth front a RED CHESTNUT was the highlight of three more nights trapping recently, it was found this morning.
Been working on getting back into decent shape the past few weeks. I cannot believe how fast the time has flown. Ran in Dude where's the trail 50k a week ago and it felt really good to get in a nice long run. I have had problems with my knee for several months but that is finally about gone now. Unfortunately the foot issue still lingers on even 6 months after Western States.
Hope you all have a wonderful evening, I have to go get the little prune out of the bathtub and into cozy PJ's!! Hugs :)
Rest assured, no sooner had she spoken it was written,
It’s 1920s New York, and there have been a spate of murders that seem to be reconstructs of tales of Edgar Allen Poe. Houdini and Conan Doyle hope to solve the case as the murders seem to be drawing closer to them – and the police aren’t having much luck. Throw in the ghost of Poe himself appearing to Conan Doyle and this seems like a great period detective story with some supernatural elements and a cast of timeless celebrties.
as evil
“Trust The Axis” had exceptional meaning. He knew what was true regardless of the chaos that surrounded us. I handed it to him…He opens it in disbelief. “You got me a record”. “That’s crazy, I just bought a vintage player yesterday…with no records to play”. All I could say was, trust the axis, babe. It was always unexplainable between us. Serendipitous.
And in one image, Mr Killen is photographed standing with another man in front of a wall with graffiti reading “White Power”.
Parting is such sweet sorrow, that I shall say goodnight til it me marrow.
And Benaiah the son of Jehoiada was over both the Cherethites and the Pelethites; and David’s sons were chief rulers.
“Did you ever travel 100mph head first through a tunnel filled with pig shit because that’s what’s going to happen to you tonight…”
- Bicep curls (10-15)
It is hypocritical to instruct Christ centered living to include pagan rituals. Christians who participate in Mardi Gras, fellowship with unbelievers and promote Godlessness, blessing every evil that opposes the Gospel of Jesus Christ!!! Humanism and universalism have a big time when Mardi Gras comes to town.
I wonder if we also need to seek the Lord for discernment and wisdom as they grow to recognize the time to start withholding gratification and to say, in as kind and patient a voice as we can manage, “Use your words.”
“We could have won, of course, but (for) mental mistakes (on) corner kicks, which have been a major weakness throughout the season,” he said, “but it was a good game and an emotional game.”
Wow, I’m so slow. That and I get horribly distracted by life. I finished this one weeks ago, I’ve just been far too lazy to tell you about it. I really hope I can remember enough to do it justice. I also have a terrible head cold attacking my brain so, if this post is truly terrible, do your self a favor and just read the book anyways.
Whee! We're on the home stretch now. Now to make a backing. I used the tangerine left overs in mine, between two pieces of IKEA flat sheet. If you're getting jack of it all (or have run out of chocolate) and just want to finish, go with a single large piece of fabric.
Just read this:
You’re a bad idea
About a dozen or so chairs faced each other in a circle that filled most of the room.
Bjork
On the eighth day of Christmas
Well in part because I am a gracious and modern gentleman that accepts the joy of joint nectar card point’s accumulation. This means the points on the nectar card accumulate rapidly with every bit of tat the lady squeeze buys from the supermarket. You know, milk, bread, food, all the none essentials of life. Then every so often there it is a free fiver to spend. Combine that with a half price box of lout offer and Bob is your proverbial Aunty. Grog for next to nothing.
By the end of the day, we began to say our goodbye's. I felt such a calm sense about everything that was unfolding. I knew that everything was a bit new, but it didn't feel that way on a deeper level. I felt like I was re-connecting with someone I had known for a lifetime. As we hugged and said goodbye, I said "I would like to tell you one word that sums up everything that I am feeling about our connection.....SOUL MATES." We gazed into each others eyes. It was a beautiful close to the start of a beautiful relationship. I drove home feeling as though I had been in a dream!
Be aware of your surroundings
a wail and a howl,
Exercising 10 mins a day: Wed, Thurs, Sun - yes; Fri, Sat, Mon, Tues - no
Let praises ring -
For the unaware, this charity event is very loosely based on the Movember initiative which involves participants growing a moustache during the month of November and getting their work mates and family and friends to sponsor them. All money raised goes to men’s mental health research and a search for a prostate cancer cure. They probably shouldn’t use the words ‘prostate’ and ‘search’ in the same promo.
Now, I rarely read music magazines, getting most of my news and reviews online, and in The News & Observer. And I never became a music critic. So it goes.
3. Tell a big picture story beyond just the equipment that is needed.
I have been hot on the birthday card trail. We have a serious bday problem around this time of year. My girls will be 7 and 14! Their bday makes me feel older than my own bday! Where does the time go?
Nesbit was followed by Pat Dennis (also known as “the long-suffering Pat Dennis”), who had been an assistant for Dick Tarrant at Richmond. Dennis would last for fourteen years, the longest tenure of any of The Citadel’s basketball coaches. His sixth squad finished 15-13, the first winning season at The Citadel in a decade, and actually won a SoCon tourney game, the first in 13 years for the school. After a few more losing years, Dennis would have consecutive winning seasons in 2001-02 and 2002-03, one of only two times The Citadel has had consecutive winning seasons in the last 42 years. The perpetually frustrated Dennis would lose 20+ games in three of his final four seasons, however. Dennis finished with a career record at The Citadel of 156-235.
“Jeremy, let us not forget why we are here,” whispered Hermel. “Lets not forget your friends the Hagglesmiths,” he said darting an eye toward the secret door that lead into the Five Crows Tavern cellar. “I think the greater good is here,” he concluded.
As we reported yesterday, Airborne troops from Russia are set to take part in drills focused around targeting terrorists at Fort Carson between May 24 and May 31. The soldiers will also be mingling with the local community, attending a baseball game in Colorado Springs during their stay.
It was time to get moving again. This time it was Brian's turn to take the rains. At this point I don't remember much other than getting grumpy with Brian as daylight broke into a beautiful Sunday morning. I am not sure what I was so upset about....I was finishing one of the greatest races in the world. Oh, ya and Henry would have kicked my butt if he wouldn't have got pulled by medical with 15 miles to go. He was over weight and had to sit for 45 minutes before they let him go on. Also, I can not figure out how it took me almost 7 hrs to go the last 20 miles to Auburn. At some points I must have been really crawling. It did become a death march as it warmed up Sunday morning. I just wanted to get it done.
Hope you have a cranky-free child this weekend. Enjoy and Happy Halloween early!
Out, I am breathing out."
Each time I do a cover critique, I challenge myself to find covers that are more soul-scarring, disturbing, or ridiculous than the last set and I often worry I won't be able to top the week prior in those particular areas. This week I really needn't have worried. I believe the crotch o'flame was pretty memorable a couple weeks ago, but the ones I have today I think will haunt most of you for the remainder of your lives. No thank you necessary my friends, I do this out of the goodness of my heart because I find such fulfillment in sharing snort-inducing images with all of you ;-)
You go to school. You meet the love of your life. You get married. You move back to your hometown (or somewhere relatively close). You have kids. Those kids grow up. Go to school. Meet the loves of their lives. Get married. Have your grandkids.
“At a recent medical conference on trauma surgery held in the US, a high-ranking officer from the United States army called the South African delegate aside and told her: “Judging from the type of injuries you have shown us, I am afraid there is a war in your country. Such injuries do not occur in peacetime.”
The next morning we all drove back to Philadelphia, Shiri, Orin and Nomi, as well.
Friday, May 18 4-7pm – Beer Week close-out at Epic Brewery: For the final event of the week, Epic’s inviting everybody out to brewery for a summer cook-out. There will be something for everyone – grilled hamburgers and veggie burgers will both be available along with the re-release of Epic’s Hop Syndrome Lager. In addition to the beer and food, we’ll have a drawing for some pretty Epic prizes – no purchase necessary.
What is it about the presence of external genitalia that turns people into anti-social misfits? Sure, your underwear is a little less comfortable. But that hardly seems like a good reason to launch a Nazi reign of terror across Europe.
"Um, okay, thanks." She was well known in the community. Surely, that must be how he knew her name. "Have we met?" He didn't look familiar to her at all.
Or do it a few more times.
Your brothers cheer as you climb back up the stack and now help push one of them over the edge.
Wei sighed in anticipated relief as his troops set out in the direction of what he hoped would be dry ground.
I am so pleased how they turned out the glue does hold well on the fabric as one of the shades I realised I had put the fabric on upside down as you can see by the run of the pattern that would have been wrong told ya I was having fun & games hee.
This ad tells me nothing about Leppert's qualifications to represent our state in Washington. It does tell me he has a less than stellar campaign manager who came up with this "empty suit" of a campaign ad.
Councils and Councillors
Tests- 22, Runs- 1098, Avg- 32.29, 100s- 2, High- 170
We find ourselves in the doctor’s office waiting to speak to him about the results, laughing with Elisa's cousin, cracking jokes. This is how we deal with the stress, we laugh. It's the only good part about brain tumors: a lot of good material for jokes.
Sous-chefs are like front line managers where they supervise the work of chefs, cooks, and other kitchen workers. They often demonstrate new cooking techniques, recipes, and usage of equipment. In some kitchens, sous-chefs may plan menus, order food and kitchen supplies, and prepare and cook meals and specialty foods.
Camille Rose Garcia had an exhibition at the Michael Kohn Gallery to mark the release of her remarkable interpretation of the Grimm Brothers’ fairy tale, “Snow White” (out now via Harper Design Books). The acrylic paintings were strikingly colorful and rendered in her inimitable style, vertical cascades of color running down the pieces like unholy stalactites in a Technicolor cave.
The goalWA.net Washington Soccer Online Classifieds are for anyone, any club or any business that has something soccer-related to announce, sell, trade for…or for teams looking for players, players looking for teams, clubs looking for volunteers or coaches, coaches looking for jobs…
There are definitely times in worship to be happy, joyous, and comfortable. However, there are also times when God must remove us from those comfortable areas and place us under the spotlight of His holiness. This is where we begin to search our hearts closely.
Photos from the party at World Art Day have already been released on Facebook and are now going viral in social media.
He was up early, washing dishes, straighening up and said he felt fine, so I guess he didn't abuse too much. After I got up around 7, he decided to take a nap fo a nap for a while.
We all hope you are able to join us in our challenge this week. Simply leave your details in the Inlinkz before 5pm Tuesday 22nd November.
My actual point in posting this posty post is to get some ideas for classics I simply cannot miss in 2012. I have a short "wishlist" of titles I'd like to tackle on my Nook, but alas, I am a glutton for ideas. Let's start this way...below is a list of some of my tippy top most favoritest classics. Now you tell me what else I should add to my want list for the year...
1/2 oz Lillet Blanc
“You’ll see,” I teased.
I have a confession to make. I'm not a heart person. The shape really doesn't appeal to me when it comes to stitching, and in general I guess. So I was a bit disappointed when the mystery Stitch of the Month project was revealed to be a stylized heart shape. Sigh. What was I going to do? After much thought, and discovering from reading the discussion boards that I wasn't alone, I've decided to just do a stitch sampler, 3 x 4 blocks, using as many threads from my stash as possible, supplemented with new threads to complete the colorway.
identification with form, whether it is an external form (a situation, place, event or experience), a thought form or an emotion. The more attached to form, the more unsurrendered you are, and the more extreme, violent or harsh your experience of the polarities becomes.
Check out the trailer below, and then check out the fantastic shows!
But for one man, perfection was not enough. For Chip, it was a nightmare. The Family was a suffocating force of evil. His dream was to escape...and destroy!
So if you have time during the weekends, drop by for a visit.
the more I love Christmas!
I was wearing the wrong bra for sitting in a police cell.
Bird Ranch 2 Fire, TX
A week ago, her second novel, Guilt by Degrees came out. As before, most white men are weak, corrupt, or outright criminals. The heroine, based on Clark herself, is the toughest prosecutor going. Her best friends are a white detective who is smarter and better than her male colleagues with a black boyfriend, and a black female prosecutor who is tough and smart.
We don't have internet at mom's, so I'm in the process of moving my pics from my old computer to the laptop so I can blog during the week when at the camper.
Marinara Sauce takes a little longer to make than the crust so you will start it about 1 hour earlier. I made mine early that day to have ready when I made the crust. In a medium sauce pan add all tomatoes and roasted peppers to simmer over medium low heat until moister is cooked off. Then move tomatoes and peppers over to a food processor and pulse until all blended. Move back over to sauce pan and add remaining ingredients. Simmer over lowest heat for another 20 minutes.
We settle for too little too often.
Nationalists climb over each other so as to get into debates or write articles expressing moral and sexual attitudes which would sit more comfortably in down town, Islamabad than they would in a modern British household, and when doing so use language Jim Davidson might consider a tad off colour. (If you want to go on a moral crusade, go on a moral crusade, but get out of our way, we are trying to save our race.)
The focus on the long-term unemployed Byrne has in his article ignores the realities of capitalism in another important way, as well. This is in terms of the problems with job creation, when the economy goes through a recession alongside the falling rate of profit endemic within capitalism and the self destructive dialectical nature of the capitalist system. In other words, as capitalism tries to adapt, we see more and more workers losing their jobs, as technology is often used to replace and downsize the workforce. In consequence, the ability for employees to reduce workers’ wages is reduced, thus to increase and maintain profit they have to increase the products costs due to the increasing capital costs. But because of the decreasing job rate, more people are unable to afford the rising product cost, therefore creating an even worse economic situation.
It took me years to get out of that “weaker than everybody else, bottom of the pile” mindset.
The establishment is desperate to downplay attendance figures at Ron Paul’s rallies. In order to do this, it enlists the help of the corporate media, including local media.
Do not curtail the number of your children for personal or selfish reasons. Material possessions, social convenience, and so-called professional advantages are nothing compared to a righteous posterity. In the eternal perspective, children–not possessions, not position, not prestige–are our greatest jewels.
The Dunston Rocket is probably best known through its starring role in a Tudor Crisps advert from the 1970's and 1980's in which a paperboy managed to bribe his mate to deliver papers up the tower, even though the lift was broken, with the promise of a 'canny bag o' Tudor'.
Seeing my father the first time on stage at the Lyric Opera was one of the most inspiring moments in my life. I was on a field trip with my school classmates. It was a really big deal for all of us, but no one really knew how big of a deal it was for me. As the curtain opened I strained to find my father amidst the full stage of singers and actors. I could not find him. I promised myself I would not give up! I would find him through all the costumes and the theater make up; I would search each person on that stage with my eyes and my heart until I could see my father. But then … they began singing … and I stopped searching; Because I could hear his voice over and above everyone’s. I could hear him vivid, crystal clear and I knew … THAT IS MY DAD!
Book provided by my personal library.
I came in today ready to work after three days off, grabbed the clipboard, and headed straight for the pub walk-in to inventory kegs and bottles for the order tomorrow, only to find the temperature inside higher than the room temp in the bar.
THE DVD SCRAPING AND RATTLING AROUND IN THE PACKAGING.
They linger at Randi's band, RAPTOR SNATCH's performances, slinging glares around like Mardi Gras beads. They cancel her gigs, and accuse her band members of theft. Their weaselly tactics are getting under Randi's skin more than Kelvin, her sexy lead guitar player.
8oz self-raising flour
MoHo interview with with Daniel Bermann
I apologize. Working moms, stay at home moms, they’re both extremely hard jobs… I’ve fought my whole life for women to have the choices that Ann Romney talked about. What I meant was that Mitt Romney is using his wife as an economic surrogate. He himself said it. And I just thought that that was off-base.
This is right up there with Cadbury Cream Filled Eggs!
To say these words to you
I can still hear my mom. How mad she'd get when she'd find out that I had changed the positions of forks, knives, and spoons inside the kitchen drawer!
2 sequence
This time, the judge is Michigan Supreme Court Justice Diane Hathaway. According to WXYZ.com, Hathaway received a sweetheart short sale deal on her house on Lake St. Clair.
At the Baratheon camp, Petyr continues to orchestrate some major plotting with his slithery words persuading others and while it is on behalf of the king, you just know that whatever Lord Baelish does, there will always be something in it for him. Finn Jones gave an unconvincing performance as the grieving revenge-driven lover of Renly. His emotion was forced whereas Natalie Dormer revelled in her role with Margarey slowly asserting herself as another player in the Game of Thrones. Brienne and Catelyn escaped after Renly was stabbed by the mysterious shadow and the pledging scene that followed was the most corny moment of season two, but necessary nonetheless.
Rick S: If I said you had a beautiful body would you hold it against me?
Kiara Westford doesn't talk much; instead preferring to shut out the world. And when Carlos bounds into her life she struggles to understand him. Carlos is sure that Kiara thinks she's too good for him, which is just fine because he's not interested anyway, right? But when they finally open up to each other, the connection they feel shocks them both. Can they overcome their fears and realise that sometimes opposites really do attract?
Quite simply, Idaho is refusing to treat wolves as wildlife — pursuing a path of targeting wolves as vermin, using troubling tactics:
Though the diary entries are rather long, I’ve included them because I believe that that trip may have helped influenc Cos to become a full-time campaigner against the forced removals. Up till then he had been concerned primarily as a parish priest whose parishioners were being moved, and he saw the conditions in the places that they had been removed to. On the trip he met others who had earlier been involved in the campaign against removals, and who had been banned as a result. Soon afterwards he was given funding to engage in research on the removals, and so he travelled around the country gathering information that was eventually published as The discarded people. And, as a result, he too was banned.
Anyway, the next two days we tracked instrumentals at the House of Blues Studios in Nashville. They are actually located in this cool area full of studios called Berry Hill and right across the street from Blackbird Studios.
even Solomon in all his glory
So I may need to take a few steps back this week, but I promise to be back to regular posting next week. And in three weeks… when school lets out for the summer… I can’t even think of what that much time might do to the blog!
So yesterday, when I asked her what I was doing wrong with my header, and why it wouldn't stretch right, and how to make it stop hanging off to the side, Krista graciously agreed to help. And when I whined that I was trying to implement her sage advice, but nothing was working, she just politely asked me to send her my photo. And then she waved her magic real-blogger-fairy-wand over it, and voila. Header Heaven. (and yes, when I inserted the photo and hit "view blog" I did hear angels singing. Pinky promise.)
In companies with large or multinational projects or running multiple projects simultaneously, resource management would include allocating the right available resources for the specific tasks among the various projects or business units. For this information is needed to be shared consistently throughout different parts of the organization.
“I was being sarcastic, Dr. Borden.”
Matt Stoller is the former senior policy adviser to Rep. Alan Grayson and a fellow at the Roosevelt Institute. He blogs frequently for Naked Capitalism. Follow him on Twitter at @matthewstoller.
The stamps are from the Fortress set, part of the ODBD May release. This set was perfect for the photos of our visit to Medieval Times in 2006. I used three of the stamps from the set beneath my photos...the tower image as my focal point, and a scripture on either side of the tower. To complement the tower image, I embossed a strip of cardstock using the Tim Holtz Bricked Texture Fades embossing folder and sanded it a bit for a distressed look. I also distressed the edges of my stamped images, matted them on green cardstock and attached them to the embossed strip with staples. Screw head brads were the "circle twist" for my page.
Comedy Sets by:
But where is this money eventually ending up? I do some digging in the email headers from the hijacked account and turn up an originating IP address: 41.155.83.99. A quick search turns up this information. Looks like we're dealing with the proverbial Nigerian scammers, operating from somewhere near Kachia, Nigeria:
Sierra Nevada Celebration 2009
"I don't know what you are asking me, son."
Flesh, bone, there is nothing there----
So there it is. Here am I, starting the writing process from the position of blogger unextraordinaire.
I’m taking it from the start Call all emergency
I'm dead chuffed that there were some recordings of my late uncles on these tapes after all those years, and I can't wait to hear them. My dad sounded really excited when I told him too. I'll keep you posted.
In early A.A., the Bible was the primary and essential source of the basic recovery program ideas. AAs read and were told to read it daily. Circulated literature centered on the Bible. Bible study was stressed, and the Bible was read at the beginning of each meeting. When asked about a program question, Dr. Bob would usually say: “What does it say in the Good Book?” He also frequently quoted relevant verses to AAs and their families as A.A.’s DR BOB does report. Until very recently when I was in Akron on research, Dr. Bob’s Bible (with inscriptions by him, Bill Wilson, and Bill Dotson—AA Number Three) was still brought to the front of the A.A. Number One (King School Group) meeting room and there remained until the meeting was over. Each early AA meeting had a topic, and the topic was usually based on some Bible idea, segment, or application (See Dick B., The Good Book and The Big Book; The Akron Genesis of Alcoholics Anonymous; Why Early A.A. Succeeded; When Early AAs Were Cured and Why).
2. On another note, I have had something close to home that has been stressful to me lately. I don't even need that kind of stress right now at all. The last 2 times I went into premature labor I was literally under the gun with stress. 3. Also, if I do have to go to the hospital for my bedrest please pray that it will be when morgan gets out of school for the summer.
The reveal may seem like a no-brainer to some (nope, not Russ & Daughters). But it was a delicious revelation for me: Manhattan Fruit Exchange. Over there, in the Chelsea Market where I've walked many times before. But this past weekend I was finally lured in by the stacks of colorful candies, nuts and dried fruits in those enticing little plastic tubs.
friday night was great. hot dogs by the campfire, a little talking and goofing off, then off to bed, where we all slept....well, like you do when you camp. not at all.
“$1.59.”
11/26 - Seattle, WA - Showbox Market*
I’m going to get me a scale tomorrow, I need to know what my current weight is. I know that at the doctor’s office I had a loss, but I want to see what the loss is after wa week of not eating anything. I really want to add more food to my diet, but I’m just nervous about the scabs in the back of my throat. I know that they are supposed to come off, but I don’t want anything to pick them off, and cause them to bleed.
I wanted to be moving on to writing about Pollan’s hunting trip today, but yesterday my mind wandered back to a line from the section about animal happiness that I decided I just couldn’t leave without comment. In his discussion of domestication Pollan writes,
We've been having some issues lately when trying to add the Disney Dining Plan to our existing reservation.
Graun’s Rodelinda had been performed in December 1741 on a temporary stage in the King’s Berlin palace, but it was with the composer’s Cesare e Cleopatre that the Hofoper opened, a year later, on 7 December 1742. The following year saw a performance of the Saxon Johann Adolf Hasse’s La clemenza di Tito (composed in 1735 to Metastasio’s libretto, and heard by Mozart in Cremona, in 1770, twenty-one years before his own setting). The musical shadow of Italianate Dresden which had first made itself felt upon Frederick on hearing Hasse’s Cleofide there in 1728, would continue to be keenly felt; Prussia had a great deal of cultural catching up to pursue. (Primacy of Italian opera in Dresden would persist until Weber.)
And gets perfected divine love for Hari.
Where does this misconception come from, how did it start? I have always known men (agreed, on the Continent) who gave flowers to their loved one and vice versa.
A grand time was had by all !
Anyway, dear family and friends, as you know Paul and I have finished the renovations on our love nest in the city. A little bird whispered in my ear wouldn’t it be fun to invite Michelle and Marcus and Rick and Karen to see our new place? Oh, we’ll have the Romney’s, the Cain’s, the Perry’s and the Gingrich’s some other time, but our place is only 500 square feet as you’ll recall. And really, Herman made such a fool of himself last year that most of the wives wouldn’t dream of being around him once he’s had a glass or two of Paul’s world famous holiday rum punch!!! (Recipe to follow!!!) Last year it almost came to fist a cuffs when Mitt said his hair was prettier than Rick Perry's as you’ll remember from the Burrows-Dameron 2010 holiday newsletter. Honestly I can’t keep up with Newt’s wives, so we decided that an intimate affair might just do the trick.
Go alone / with partner / with friend?
I remembered back then...
Third, I went out after work with a couple of colleagues and one of them, who is all of 26, had never heard of the band X. As a result, I went home and burned her a CD that contains, among other bands, X, fIREHOSE, the Meat Puppets, Butthole Surfers, Zeitgeist, Husker Du, and Jim Carroll.
Cameron’s participation in this and other high profile fashion events are part of her preparation strategy for Miss World 2012 which is being held on August 18, 2012, in Ordos, Inner Mongolia, China
Stem the flow of fratricide.
You have been such an inspiration and motivation for me this year, and for that I can't thank you enough.
but even the shadows had shadows
Only a week or so until I make my trip into the sky on a great metal bird to alight in an environment that's about as close to alien as I've ever been: as such, I'll likely be scarce around these parts until I've settled a bit. I have a few posts which have been "in the works" for a while, but they may lack pictures, depending on the availability and speed of the local internet.
Now the blogs I am going to give this too are:
Believing there was nothing wrong
The Champs is so gorge this time of year you may have an involuntary bowel movement. Lights are in every tree down the lane, and you can smell vin chaud, or mulled wine, cooking a mile away. A must-see for sure! There are loads of stands where you can buy gifts, but I’ve never been tempted to. Unfortunately the website is 1995 GeoCities tricked out, but all the info is there!
If you love paranormal novels with hot and gorgeous angels lurking around, with a not-so-usual love triangle that is starting to blossom, then you might enjoy this book. And if you love cliffhanger ending, this book has a huge one. I hate and love cliffy ending (is that possible?) and honestly, this book left me with my mouth hanging open! What kind of ending was that? Over all, it's tragic and it's dark, and it's beautiful.
Thanks to Jim for crewing with me and helping us get the win.
You, too, meet many “friends” in your THREE YEARS of graduate school who help you get “home,” that is, FINISH THE EFFING DEGREE. These include “charming” famous professors who hold classes in their condominium complex, wearing shorts and slippers. (NOTE BENE: “Classes” here are loosely defined as those hellish sessions during which students toady up to Mr. Important by insulting each others’ work).
In the Bahamas, it’s all about the Conch. Click on the “Read the rest of this entry” link below for more.
1tsp vinegar
And this reassured him and he went onto regale me about a certain fraternity (not the above-mentioned one) that was the subject of an urban legend. The story goes that many years back, the house in question had a thriving sideline business of providing abortions in one of their backrooms. Which I found fascinating. I would totally incorporate this into a short story if I were a fiction writer.
And if you are not able to join us in Canmore, you can still be part of the conference. New this year, CNIE- RCIÉ is happy to announce that the conference will include a number of virtual presentations available to you from the comfort of your home or place of work.
"Book 1: Approaches
so, in light of these events, I decided that I am going to try to teach him “no” (I know I will regret that later) and teach him not to do these things. So, I said, “No, Harrison. No. Don’t do that” in a very stern voice and looked him straight in the eyes.
Tonight was a late night at work; Hubby had to take the girls to Tae Kwon Do as I got in very late. I have been working on email and various projects tonight. Now, it’s time to head down and get everyone tucked into bed and then back to work for another hour or so before the night is over – early day at work again tomorrow!
So for me to continue with my tale means I must be forced to step out of character and calmly relay the mixed emotions, the confusion and the shock.
I have had a very busy week. I have got my “to do” list done and even managed to mow my yard for the first time this season today. I am exhausted again. I slept all night long last night and will probably sleep all night long again tonight. I do not normally sleep all night long just so you all know. I did miss a meeting last night because I forgot about it in my exhaustion. I have still not got the Christmas blog done but hope to get it done between Saturday and Tuesday. My wife and I are going to have a special day together tomorrow or Friday however you want to say it. We are going on a mini-vacation. It is an over night trip really but it will be fun I am sure. I am looking forward to it because it is going to be the last time in a very long time we can do something like this. So I won’t be logging on tomorrow except one time in the morning before we leave. We will not have internet, computers, or TV where we are going. Just me and her time! It will be great. Unless there is some accident that ruins it and I pray to God that he will let everything go smoothly. Before I end this I want to say one more thing. Thanks for reading my blogs and checking out my site. It means a lot to me that you do it. God has blessed me for sure. I hope he has used me to bless you as well. If you are a first time reader, please take the time to check out some of my other blogs. “The Two Sabbaths” is the most recent one and has even surpassed “Easter Aliens or Easter Demons (You Decide)” in the amount of views. Thank you so much everyone, take care and God bless.
Ref: Erin Mercer (2010) ‘Monstrous Identities: Critical realism and Gothic Fantasy in Maurice Gee’s The Fire-Raiser’ The Journal of Commonwealth Literature 45: 23-35
I love this skirt. I bought it in TK Maxx in September 2004 for about £15.00 and when it comes to pounds per wear this skirt owes me nothing.
I really like themes, and this week it was all about SNOW. I read the FREE online book, Snowmen at Night. Then we brainstormed and filled in our graphic organizer. Finally, I gave the students the prompt: What do snowmen do at night?
White silk ribbon
Names and particulars of two academic referees
I grew up and moved far away, fell in love, got married and had kids of my own and missed them always and couldn't go home to visit as much as I wanted or even as much as I needed. I called often. It wasn't enough but it was the best I could do.
Where can you find Iwako Erasers? In the US, I have a feeling you’ll be able to find these wherever Ty products are sold and possibly your local anime convention. Like I said, I found mine at Five Below, but also saw these at a speciality ‘gift’ shop that had a large Ty section. I, personally, think they’re awesome. Will I use them as an eraser? No way, but they’ll be great for photo shoots!
We should remember Mary Midgley's warning about taking the image of mother earth as the wounded mother too literally:
I hope everyone is having a great week and Christmas is almost here :)
Starting a "House Church" on site.
Adhering to a well-worn formula, one that centres around stylish set pieces that revolve around acts of violence followed by banal scenes where police investigate said acts of violence, The New York Ripper occasionally breaks free of its genre limitations whenever the alluring Alexandra Delli Colli shows up onscreen as Jane, a sexually adventurous woman whose overt kinkiness was not only sublime, it was mildly inspirational. We're introduced to Jane through the eyes of a man (Howard Ross) with two fingers missing from his right hand as he enters a live sex show (one that boasts "positions you'd never dream of") taking place at a theatre on 42nd Street. Taking a seat in the front row, the not-quite fingerless man notices a posh woman sitting in the across the aisle in a trench coat and grey fedora.
Those that know me personally will know what I mean by this next statement:
I hope you have a great weekend and get a chance to doodle some cute balloons. Just to remind you, there are many classes coming up in the next month or two that are filling fast. If you are considering taking a Certification class register right away with Nancy, our Certification Coordinator, so you don't miss out. Send her an e-mail nancy@copicmarker.com to get a link to the applications.
So it appears that I have already fallen behind on my resolution to keep up to date with my updates. Amazingly this lasted a grand total of one post before I was already screwed, I can however say that while I have done nothing related to the internet it would seem I have accomplished to have little to no control over my academic life. I take classes and I work, but I have no lab yet who has taken me. Much to my dismay. I do hope to have all things alleviated soon. Hopefully. On the bright side of life I am coming to you all live from my new Mac that I can finally say I am a proud owner of since my VAIO has taken a turn for the worst. I have to admit, just as I knew, the Mac is amazingly streamlined. I do love this little thing. I am not sure how I feel about the keyboard cover yet though. I am still debating over this. I like it because I need it but I dislike it because I can never tell where I am. I think I am moving to fast on the keys at times and my fingers get caught on the rubber. Still I recommend these for any Mac user.
I think schools should be integrated. Really integrated. I was reviewing capitalization rules with my high school students recently and discovered that they didn't know that England is a country. I came home and asked my five-year-old and she did know, but only because two kids in her Kindergarten class had traveled to England over winter break. Both of those kids transferred to the new, progressive, "school of choice." Most of my students never went to school with kids who travel overseas for winter break. And obviously it isn't just my students who suffer. The kids who travel overseas, they're missing out too. Everybody loses, I think, when our search for the "right fit" allows us to opt out of sending our children to school with children whose experiences have been very different from their own.
This gentleman stopped to pose for me with his colourful cap at a jaunty angle.
Her children, barefoot….do they have enough to eat today?
A: No, the Times would not appreciate books showing up at the office so I would not recommend that. The only signing I have scheduled right now is at Words in Maplewood, NJ in June.
Arrangements for children were also criticised. There were no special areas for children in the major injuries area.
I suppose I could change my name, but I've had the same one for over forty years now and I'd find it hard to change. And anyway, names mean a lot. My parents gave my brother and I dull, heads-down, names. Names that wouldn't get us noticed any more than necessary. I think this was because they'd both had screaming look-at-me names that meant every time they introduced themselves people always said 'What?'.
1 cup unsweetened cocoa powder, sifted
If I don’t post for a few days does that make me guilty of neglect ?
If you have one dog, I recommend two kits. One that is in your home and ready to go on a moments notice and one that is kept in your car (if you travel at all with your dog). You never know where you maybe or what you may be doing when you need to be prepared to care for your dog. Always be prepared you never know when you may need the first aid kit after an afternoon hike, or when a disaster could strike. Perhaps you went to a friends house an earthquake hits, leaving you stranded without a way to your house having a kit in your car may save you and your life. Additionally, studies show that it is good to keep dog food in your car. Yes, DOG FOOD in your car! Why? Simply people in emergency situations usually go through there rations to quickly. On the off chance your traveling and your dog isn’t with you but, you need your kit and you go beyond the 72 hours you can always fall back on your dog food, and water.
I felt like a massive pressure had eased, it felt so good for about FIVE MINUTES! Because without the shock absorber of the sac, the contractions felt even worse!!! I was sucking on the gas like a crackhead to a pipe while Greg filled the pool. I got in at 6am and the water was such a relief. As the pool is small and snug, it felt really cosy and the water eased the pain in my back.
Except the Will which says to them: 'Hold on!'
so where am i going with this? who the hell knows. my new way of telling time is, "it's time to get the fuck moving." (which i say to myself, of course, about 45 minutes before we actually have to leave.)
+Billy The Onion
If you want more details about how to find out what kind of learner you are, grab a copy of Learning for Success: Effective Strategies for Students, 4th edition by Joan Fleet, Fiona Goodchild, and Richard Zajchowski. It’s an excellent resource for students, especially if you’re a student in the university/college level.
Audrey Hepburn, 1952
And I kept repeating something I fervently believe and want to believe:
Starting at the parking lot, we headed east along the bank of the reservior to the point, then headed west along the banks before heading up the hill into the woods and returning via a trail that runs parallel to the bank about half way up the hillside, then up to the multi-use pathway before returning to the parking lot and dispersing for the day.
After the fall, the horse got up and carried on running and jumping fences riderless. On review of the footage there is no evidence to suggest he was carrying any sort of injury at this point. This is corroborated by speed sensing data, which shows that the horse was travelling at the same speed both before and after the fall at Becher’s.
My dear husband, Brantley, introduced Luke to Looney Tunes. It seemed harmless enough at the time, until Luke discovered Fog Horn Leg Horn, and I say, I say that chicken has one smart mouth on him. Luke usually has a hard time interpreting exactly what this character is saying, but the sentiment is the same. Case in point, I was told yesterday to" keep your big mouse shot." I gave him exactly two warnings before introducing him to a bar of lemon glycerin soap. Now, before you go calling me a child abuser, let me say that it's organic, and therefore healthier than a Happy Meal (which by the way, I would NEVER let my son eat), AND it's not like he's belching bubbles. I guess you could say that my method worked because he hasn't repeated the phrase since. He did, however, ask me to go snipe hunting last night. I'm pretty sure he's plotting revenge.
A Catholic priest in the Washington, D.C. area has ignited controversy over the past month after he reportedly refused to grant communion to a lesbian woman at her mother’s funeral.
Not because he’d done anything wrong, but it was just… too. soon. And it reminded me of a conversation I had with a guy a few years back. I don’t know how we got into this conversation, but there we were discussing the fact that guys use the word ‘beautiful’ far too often. He said it, but I agreed. It was something about that word that we both felt should be reserved for loved ones or art. You say your daughter is beautiful. You say your girlfriend is beautiful. You don’t tell that to some random stranger on the train.
12 Tennesee Stud 6:16
The exception was the cabbage rolls that I made earlier this week out of the head of cabbage that was rolling around in the vegetable drawer begging to be used. A word of caution on making these: my sweet little organic head of cabbage made this recipe more difficult--ideally, a cabbage with larger leaves would be better.
as you crumble
The Great Eastern Shipping Co. Ltd., Oil & Gas, Deal Details 10
Flat beaches are terrible for sea glassing on LBI because the tide has very little trouble reclaiming anything it has left behind. The area of beach that was to the north of where the sand shifting was taking place did have a few decent collections of shells that tides had left behind. I was hopeful that there would be a few sea glass gems in the mix since my foot prints were the first on the beach, but there these shell beds were basically void of sea glass.
Interestingly, two friends selected the same stand-out:
Parson Sound, Box set. Subliminal SoundsThe CD reissue came out last year, but this beautiful box set collecting all of the wild freak-folk on deluxe vinyl was well worth the price and wait.
Everybody wants to play with it!
Oh wait, hold on, let me correct that. That wasn’t the first thing she commented on. No, the FIRST thing she commented on was the ritual tattoos I’ve gotten since the last time she saw me, like “Oh, is this what you kids are doing nowadays? All these young people running around with their tattoos, calling them ‘ritual’ and acting like that means they’re in touch with the ancestors. I know my ancestors knew the actual rituals. You know they’re only going to stretch and sag as you get older, don’t you? Don’t say I didn’t warn you…” Oh and then there were the pieces of Mannoroth’s tusks that I wear on my shoulders – “You wear those to work? For important meetings and everything?” And when I pointed out how they’re from Mannoroth, who killed my FATHER, and how I’d used parts of the pit lord’s remains to fashion the shoulders and my throne in Grommash Hold, all I got for that was “You don’t think that’s a little tacky?”
Thought I would just update this post, firstly I must thank everyone who read this post and prayed for Sebastion, 13 September he passed on after taking a turn for the worse.
Garth Nix
One of the grooms tacked her up and told me that she is big strided and can get strong. Hmmm...sounds familiar. I kind of laughed and told them that actually my horse is a little bigger than her believe it or not and she is just the same. The short description of her in our rider packet also said sometimes she likes to go long and get flat so I planned on keeping her packaged up nicely.
But this post is for the legal luminaries drafting Patrick’s ‘village child’ constitution – especially when it comes to delegating authority. There’s a legal maxim, “Delegata potestas non potest delegari” – “A delegated power cannot itself be delegated” which aims to keep the responsibility on whom authority was delegated to in the first place. For us, as electors, to delegate our power into the hands of a legislature who then delegate it to the executive is a farce. For decades Cabinet has ruled TnT and a mockery made of Parliament. Friday September 12th, 2008 mockery was the final nail in the coffin, make no mistake about it.
We had a such a fun day! And both of us were so good too – we only found a few little items to take home.
Girl in need of a Tourniquet is the personal memoirs of Merri Lisa Johnson, or Lisa as she refers to herself within the pages, and how she came to discover and live with having Borderline Personality Disorder.
2. At 10PM, put the bag gently down, set the alarm for midnight, and go to sleep.
Hips: 52 inches Hips: 51 inches
Bon voyage bear
I base my opinion on the results of a recent survey of human couples in long-term relationships. It appears that the women said regular sex was essential, whereas the men said they needed to be kissed and cuddled. After pinching myself to make sure I wasn’t in a parallel universe, I realised what must have happened. The women were so worried about appearing needy and emotional that they pretended to be men, while the men were so fearful of looking like heartless lechers that they pretended to be women. The result of all this disinformation was a report with findings that would make a baboon chortle.
For, I was assuming that the room would be filled with REAL writers and reporters,
We have had over hundred entrepreneurial leaders coming to the campus during their two years as part of our ‘My Journey series’ every week. Each one, when they experienced the incisive questioning about minute details of running business by students, during the interactions and Q&A, have always asked me and our faculty, what do we do to foster this kind of spirit among students? Thanks to the faculty who have made this happen.
Bob Weir – guitar, vocals
Wisdom of the moment: don't go to campground bathrooms at night. Buy a port-a-potty.
Where proper reference to a national stage application exists, no reference
financial markets every day! The Chosen Masters cut you in on the
I responded right then in a short silent prayer asking Jesus to forgive my sin and that I promised to follow Him and His commands from that day on."
It was a spring evening and the light was just on the turn. It was cold and wet and pale mauve. In a park barely 10 minutes walk from the old family home, my brother and I had just finished football practice. Instead of taking the bus home at the nearby stop, we decided to walk to the one a few stops further along the route, cutting by our old house to get there. “Just keep low and follow me,” I said to Daniel “if he's there we mustn't let him see us!”
- The attacks are real, stealthy, persistent, and can devastate our nation.
Don’t mistake me: several key players like Sachin Tendulkar and Virender Sehwag, not to mention captain Mahendra Singh Dhoni, are admirable ambassadors of the great game, impeccably gracious in their on-field and off-field behaviour, despite their sky-high achievements.
You haven’t lived until you ingest some Listeria. And you may not continue to live if you do.
The condensed version (ie, my top two):
In British teen fiction we have our very own Orange prize equivalent, and it’s a little more problematic. I’m talking about the Queen of Teen title, which opened for nominations this month.
If access to a safe education, free from discrimination and harassment, is now considered a fundamental human right, then why is my son being expected to constantly deal with the bullying behaviors of others whilst having his own need for protection denied by those in positions to do otherwise?
Waaho! Waaho! is the Bani, the Word, of the Formless Lord. There is no other as great as He is. (Guru Granth Sahib, Ang 515)
Brown has been consistent in his convictions and beliefs for the 20-some years I’ve covered him, and gotten to know him. He’s been speaking out and attending so many meetings, for so many years, quoting the good book and suggesting how folks should live their lives, that he’s become a bit of a caricature of himself.
and didden hem derely vndo as þe dede askez
You tend to be quite sensitive because you experience through the lens of feeling. The number 9’s deep understanding of life is sometimes manifested in the artistic and literary fields. If drama and acting isn’t your forte, it will surely be an area of great interest and potential. Likewise, you may be able to express your deep emotional feelings through painting, writing, music, or other art forms.
One of the biggest obstacles to bringing the Selic down further is the fixed rate of return for savings accounts, Brazil’s most popular investment vehicle. The rate is currently set at about 6 percent annually, which once tax incentives and other factors are taken into account amounts to a de facto floor for the Selic at or around its current level.
Third, I had to change the waistline finishing from the elastic called for in the original pattern. I used elastic on the back waist and used a grosgrain ribbon to finish the front waistline (and remembered at the last minute to only sew the uppermost portion of the ribbon!). I opted for elastic on the back for comfort’s sake. I find a whole-ribbon waistline a bit restricting and terribly uncomfortable. The touch of elastic (I stretched it only an inch or so) makes the skirt so much more wearable.
On February the 29th, 2012 I set off on my big migration northwards.
No. Everyday is my cheat day. I have at least a couple cookies or dessert every day (4 chocolate chip dipped in milk plus a dark chocolate kiss tonight). I indulge a little everyday. I think if I had an official cheat day I would go absolutely nuts on that one day. I also feel like I would miss out on so much if I went to a bday party and couldn’t eat cake because it wasn’t my cheat day. I eat what I want, when I want it. And luckily I usually want healthy foods. Although I just can’t seem to get full and enough calories on veggies and lean protein alone, so I kind of have to indulge…darn!
12-10-00 Form: 2/131213/12625P/0205982/5424450/211501U-0044B-20 Owner: Seamus Dunne
Intern: This is unfair. This isn’t right! I’m too perfect to be criticized!
She had to, because if she didn’t–
Elijah just blinked. He blinked, then looked at me.
79. Virtuosity Jessica Martinez
Gladys pictured it all in her mind. Brad would stand and he would pull her envelope out of the box. He would open it. He would read it silently then look across the room at her and then he would announce it to the world. Her moment would be ruined! She of course would have no option but to melt into the scraped and scratched wood of her desk. She would die in a puddle of embarrassment only to be swept up by the janitor with that sawdust stuff he threw on vomit.
Your support is crucial to this endeavour. And for the foreseeable future the loquacious and lovely Love and Garbage on Sunday will retail at your local blog stand at a sensational 0 pence. That’s right. 0 PENCE.
Grandma was probably married 50+ years ago and may not have gone wedding dress shopping in a long time, and therefore not aware what prices are. Why don’t you invite grandma to go shopping with you and let her see the style of dress you want and the price tag that goes with it.
So… Now that her referral and meds have been sorted out, I’m feeling much happier. I’m going to alert PALs as to what’s been going on though, the paediatric department has shown no empathy or desire to take ownership for D, she was “discharged” due to lack of resources and left in limbo, it shouldn’t be happening. SN parents need to know that there is someone they can turn to with medical problems, resource issues or not. *gets down off soapbox* Rant over.
Thu-AM: 2:22, 2700'
Isaiah 26:12
Now, it’s up to you to pick your favourite Ray Pruit song. Get to it. Have fun. Be awesome!
Because of this dancy nonsence between paradigms of learning, sometimes I get onto a high horse and label my practices ‘progressive’. I really like the term progressive because it actually makes me feel like I am going somewhere, and even though I am cobbling my craft into some sort of demented Frankenstein’s monster, I can convince myself that I am forging a new path into the future rather than re-inventing a wheel of cultural insensitivity and identity negotiation.
And I knew then,
I look like an American house-wife 1950's (awesome) or a rabbit .....
Running Total - 455 (428 past, 27 future)
Let's keep it real from now on. I've really enjoyed all of the honesty making the rounds lately, it's been refreshing, and I want it to stick around. It's nice to be distracted by pretty things when we're having a bad day, but life isn't all sparkles and unicorns, and we shouldn't pretend it is.
in the evening as we always
“Don’t know!” she said. “Buy first.”
Is everyone out there working on a BOM?
While photographing the scene, I asked the artist if he was painting for a class or if it was a hobby, but the gentleman was not interested in chatting so I moved along grateful he allowed me to take a photo. Whatever the reason, his painting was lovely as was his painter's cap and artists demeanor. You never know, he may be working on a replacement for the George Braque stolen early Thursday morning.
Roasted vegetable soup flavored with curry and cumin. This is one of my all time favorite soups. I love roasted anything, almost anything. Butternut squash, parsnips, rutabaga, turnips, Brussels sprouts, broccoli, asparagus, potatoes and celery root. This list is not definitive. I am sure I have left something out or there is something out there I haven't roasted yet. Don't worry, I'll get to it.
Only one who devotes himself to a cause with his whole strength and soul can be a true master. For this reason mastery demands all of a person.- Albert Einstein
“Whaaat??” I replied.
Yoel is a 9th grade roller - the highest ranking you can achieve - and currently is a Master of Quality Control at the Partagas factory. And of course he definitively knows how to roll good cigars... Some of his goods are shown in the picture below
Depending on your faction, flight paths, and ability to move around quickly, it might be good to focus on a specific continent. As Horde, I did my entire 1-300 skillups in Kalimdor as I can get to various points easily via my hearthstone set in Orgrimmar and using the portals in the city. If you’re a mage, you have it easy as you can get to all points of the world very quickly.
Q025) In work or private time, what’s something you want to try and challenge?
And it is here that I’d like to propose a toast: Here’s to all those who give up their seats for the elderly and infirm, to those who say “thank you” and “excuse me”, to those who wait patiently – and to those who, upon reflection, allow that not all infirmities are identifiable by sight.
Milk
Why it should be thus all the day long,
I guess that wraps up our session. Thanks for being a great shrink.
There I promised to be His bride.
Before starting the program, they had us calculate how many calories we’d need based on our weight and activity level. My calculations indicated that I would need to eat well over 3,000 calories a day, including some 12 oz. of lean meat every night for dinner. If I had a personal chef, I would have been glad to oblige. Instead, getting home and finishing our workouts after 7pm some nights meant we ate what we could. The recipes and such actually looked pretty good; I just can’t eat at 8:30 every night.
Patrick and I salvaged the day by cruising the UN compound and registering CONASPEH as a potential distribution organization to receive emergency supplies coming in. In their meeting on Tuesday, the board had already discussed putting a system in place to distribute emergency aid to the various regional ministers so that they could in turn distribute to their communities hardest hit. The UN has organized information and education classes for such organizations, and we hope to get a few board members to attend those debriefings so that they can proceed with their goals of emergency relief, utilizing the stacks of supplies sitting on the airfield.
I'm not being too hard on myself for cocooning during the worst of treatment. But there have been lots of good weeks during remission. I have missed so many important events in friends' lives - the births of children, loss of loved ones and serious illness. And now I don't know how to make up for that.
My part takes place in one of my favourite scenes in the film. Director Michel Hazanavicius creatively illustrates Jean’s agonizing terror and fear of the ‘talkies’ taking over Hollywood by taking the audience on a whirlwind, where for a moment, both the audience and the lead character are hearing sound for the first time in the film. It’s a dream sequence. I lead a swarm of chorus girls walking down the studio lot, laughing. We seem to be mocking George’s masculinity, quite cruelly.
I'll be talking about poetry, and even reading some of my own if they can't stop me quickly enough. If you're in the area next weekend - Friday 10th to Sunday 12th June - and are interested in writing, there may still be day tickets available.
The $136,177 in expenses included $98,512 in legal fees, with the largest part, $61,553, going to the Albany law firm Young, Sommer, Ward, Ritzenberg, Baker & Moore, for the case challenging the project's environmental review.
Berkley
Using a Ladder Safely
3 Teaspoons White Pepper
On Sunday morning I got a call from my new landlord. He needed to let me know that he had finished all the plumbing in the upstairs bathroom. That was good. Then the plumber came out to inspect the work. And a leak was discovered. That was bad. They eventually found the leak. That was good. It required them to rip open the dining room wall. That was bad. He promised to fix it. That was good. And even replace the wall now missing wallpaper because he has some upstairs in the attic. That is bad -- I hate wall paper.
And my favorite: Marriage is not always 50/50. Some days you will wake up and may have to give 90% and your spouse will give 10%. Other days you may wake up and give 25% and your husband will have to put in the 75%. -Meme
And all of this will pale into insignificance if Chelsea are defeated on Saturday.
Now he had to save his kids and wife…
Carl Sagan.
When we first met Zane, he was a reluctant, quiet child who preferred the background. It took a lot to make him laugh. We couldn't even tickle him to make him laugh. On occasion though, he would smile through the window at the transition home when his friends yelled his name. He'd light up when the nannies chanted, "Addisu-Addisu-Addisu-Addisu!" clapping their hands in rhythm. But for the most part, he was a stoic observer of the world around him, always investigating the leaves, grass, and outdoor life he had only watched through the large pane of glass that separated the toddler room from the great outdoors.
Whether or not you love this super-scrubbed, family-friendly production, I defy you to find a smarter, more sensuous tulle skirt than the ones, designed by Martin Pakledinaz, that are elevating Pacific Northwest Ballet’s version of “Cinderella” to great success. The production runs for one more weekend at the McCaw Hall Opera House stage, with an extra Sunday show just added.
Imagine if an blameless person is proven to be guilty? Obviously, to be seen as responsible, the court has to discover that one has committed an offense. But one needs an attorney to repeatedly point out to the judge who is aiming to punish the person about his innocence. You will require another person working for you, a lawyer who can literally devote all his options to guard your legal rights. That equally consists of the right to a reputable defense, and also the right which guarantees a fast litigation. You also have the right to address any witnesses who is against you. There are actually a lot of various other rights and only a legal professional can teach you about these. The main component when selecting a lawyer is that essentially there exists an individual dependable doing work for your best needs.
22. Without boys there would be no babies.
There are some other differences this year. I finally managed to round out my list to a full ten (last year’s numero diez was only an honorable mention). I am not all that thrilled by the bottom of the list. The contenders for the last three spots are all movies that I either have some issue with or lack strong feelings for. But I gave them all high ratings initially, so I am going to trust my past self. Also, I am in the midst of Netflixing several movies I missed, so more than any other year, I am backlogged with a lot of potential contenders. But I’ve got to be at least somewhat timely.
Accessories: Spellbinders Labels 20, Picot Edge Circles, pink cotton crochet lace, handmade stick pin, Zva Creative small pearl flourish, Prima Burlap leaf, paper roses, Recollections Extra Fine Glitter in Blush, Recollections ink and white half pearls
Made primarily from composite materials, the Boeing 787 Dreamliner is the first mid-size airplane capable of flying long-range routes and will allow airlines to open new, nonstop routes preferred by the traveling public. As a result of innovative technologies, the airplane offers unparalleled operating economics, fuel efficiency and passenger comfort. More than 850 787s are on order by 59 customers, a testament to the airplane’s unique capabilities. Russia played an important role in creating this revolutionary airplane. Engineers from the Moscow Boeing Design Center participated in designing a number of key sections of the 787. Russian manufacturer VSMPO-AVISMA supplies titanium parts for the 787 Dreamliner.
So we have a 6% Mongoose IPA that was the easy bit. But there are many flavours of IPA. We need to consider the grain backbone, how dark should the beer be, which hops for bittering aroma dry hopping. Should there be a twist, chilli, ginger, coriander or cardamom in the secondary? Chickpeas in the mash? So many possible variations, I guess I will be making a lot of IPA in the next few months.
Step 1: Gather your hair in a ponytail. You can gather your ponytail on the top of your head for a higher bow or to the side. Tip: use a thin hair tie to easily hide/cover it up (see step 8).
Since that time I have had many fails, and some pleasant surprises. This dip concoction is one that is now a staple for me. Anytime I go to a potluck or some kind of holiday party, this is one of the ones I always like to whip up.
Time: 1 - 4 PM
Directed by Fernando Trueba, the filmmaker responsible for the cult Cuban jazz documentary “Calle 54”, and designed by Javier Mariscal, a Spanish graphic artist and designer, the film is so true to life that at first you wonder why it wasn’t simply made as live action. An early car chase scene is so realistically done you actually find yourself flinching, but the quirky hand-drawn animation quickly wins you over.
By midweek her back ached, she had blisters on her hands and her shoulders had turned pink in the bright spring sunshine, but the garden was already looking better.
The Bean thanks you, too.
Until then, feel free to check out my sale...
So yes, I am relaxed and ready for another day in Crazyville - that will be long thanks to conference night.
We spend more on defense than on anything else. More than on Social Security, more than on Medicare. For FY 2013, the budget that's now being worked on, the budget calls for $851 billion for security spending. "Security spending" is for all of it; in includes the Department of Defense as well as other "security" areas such as the part of the Energy Department budget that relates to nuclear weapons.
Yes, I have risked!
The Sister continued. “After all, one can more easily apply aspects of our faith and demonstrate them to the world if we are out in the world, even if it is not our own.
Each day guards forced prisoners to wear new shoes and march about 40 kilometres over a track of cement, cinders, broken stones, gravel and sand. In 1944 the SS devised a special torture – they made prisoners walk in shoes one or two sizes too small while carrying sacks filled with 20 kilograms of sand"
Junior Java Developer
I defy sad Tom and his heap of broken images.
Oh I did save it, A curious Mind by Ayan Bhattacharya
Then barely into Georgia, I spent one night in a motel
Final Result:
