I was intrigued with the object in the man's right hand, which appears to be a whip and suggests an occupation involving driving a team of horses or draft animals. He was probably a wagon, coach or carriage driver. Marion's Showell ancestors were agricultural or brewer's labourers and farmers, so it seems likely that this man drove a wagon transporting farm produce or supplies for the brewing industry in Burton.
This was not what Saul of Tarsus was to be doing and so he went back to his home in Tarsus, for so we read in the next verse. He remained there until Barnabas was sent to get him in Acts 11:25, a period of about 7 years. He was doing as the Psalmist suggested. He rested in the Lord and waited patiently for Him.
Cactus grandiflorus is a homeopathic remedy made from night-blooming cactus and used for pain relief during an attack.
By the time I had arrived in the morning the grand main hall was already dressed. Claire has such amazing eye for detail and had put so much time and effort into every little detail which were all deeply personal to them as a couple. Every part of the day was touched by her creativity, generosity and joy and I am very grateful to have been a part of this lovely family’s life again.
"We held comment on the new rules for a reason," says NYCCGC President Karen Washington. "The far-reaching impact of these rules is not something to be taken lightly, and needs to be analyzed thoroughly. While we appreciate that steps in the right direction have been made, there are still some serious concerns that need to be addressed before we claim total victory for the City's community gardeners."
The Cyclothon Expo will also feature stalls by sponsors, associates and partners where they can showcase their goods and services in a fun milieu.
This afternoon, in Munich, David Cameron will tell some of these home truths. As I mentioned in this column a couple of weeks ago, the Prime Minister has become exasperated by the way much of the permanent bureaucracy, in its attempt to counter violent extremism, ends up appeasing it.
The unifying theme of the final book is the afterlives of objects, by which we mean what happens to objects when they acquire new uses or meanings. You will examine what happens to objects when they move from one social and historical context to another, and therefore the changes in the way these objects are understood. You will explore specific questions of power, ‘commodification’, memory and ownership and more general questions of change and transformation. Chapters One and Two examine religious and secular ‘relics’ and their contagious power; what happens when religious objects are transformed by global tourism; and whether tourism diminishes the ‘sacredness’ or ‘authenticity’ of such objects. Chapter Three explores issues of memory and absence with reference to Holocaust museums. In Chapter Four you will consider philosophical issues surrounding the ownership and display of objects. In particular, moral issues that arise in relation to objects removed from their place of origin, and in relation to bodies and parts of bodies collected by museums."
Hi Readers — This case is so sickeningly sad, I don’t know where to begin. Fortunately, a blog I’d never heard of before — Transportation for America — does a PERFECT job of summing up the whole story and why it is such an outrage. Read it right here and kudos to the author, David Goldberg.
The colorful illustrations are sure to please children of all ages and like in the Mo Willems' Pigeon Books, kids are sure to enjoy being the ones to take charge and convince little bunny to get his tail out the door.
In-SpireLS Magazine
So, we have 4 parties who each want something from the area. Now we don’t know if this is possible, but it is a very large area and it seems that with a little bit of vision and boldness there may be a solution; a solution that may not give everybody exactly what they want but at least ensure that ALL interests are taken into FULL consideration.
And that's why this GENEROSITY CHALLENGE is so incredible. It, first gets us thinking about giving. Second, it gives us small things to do to "test drive" generosity. I mean, it's not asking that we give away huge sums of money or give a crazy amount of time, it suggests that we give little bits, each day. And little by little, as we participate, we can hopefully see our hearts sliding from selfish to generous. From selfish to selfless. And our heart is changed! With simple, little generous opportunities. Day by day. Bit by bit. And our hearts long more and more to do the will of God.
124 4. “Who Will Educate the Educators? On the Proposed Closing of the Downtown Center of the University of Chicago.” University of Chicago Maroon, January 29, 1974, p. 5. (Source: Item D-I/18(A)/1974, below.)
I think today’s post is reflective of rock bottom. I remember it all too well. I was on a ski trip in Whistler, BC. The conditions were amazing and it was a bluebird weekend. I had skied Saturday and tried to ski Sunday. I was done by noon and sat in the lodge for the afternoon. When my fiancé came to get me, I barely made it down the stairs in the lodge and was terrified of skiing down the hill. I had been an alpine ski coach for 14 years and, never in that time did I ever feel like my body could not handle two days of skiing in a row or more. Yet, here I was struggling to turn and, more importantly, struggling to stop. My legs had no strength or power left in them. They hurt and my muscles burned. It was the worst feeling and I had no way of escaping it, but making it to the bottom.
Romans 4:18-20
We are absolutely thrilled to announce you that our first edition for the Berlin Hipster Festival is going to be super exciting!
Prediction. (Grizzlies win 4-3)
Make, machine quilt and embroider a fabric scrapbook journal in which to keep a personal record of your creativity in stitch. Use your journal to: house collected textile fragments and ephemera; record fibre experiments; practice embroidery stitches; showcase machined samples, thread sketched patterns and stitched doodling. Add more pages and watch your scrapbook journal
Colouring: NIL
“What?” Christian was about to say something more but his eyes settled on Addison, a flabbergasted expression appearing on his handsome face.
God! its all sooo confusing!
If you lack the cultural context of what a bogan was I understand that they seem like comfy winter boots and what is good enough for Kate Moss to wear in public is going to be adopted lemming-like by the fashionable.
The Literary and Industrial Training School for Negro Girls in Daytona was founded in 1904 when Mary rented a small house for $11 a month. With five girls as students, her son, and the help of local parents and churches she began the hard work of creating a school that would eventually become the Bethune-Cookman University in 2007. In addition to academic classes, the girls were given a rigorous Christian foundation and practical skills such as dressmaking, millinery, and cooking.
At PJ Rotella Golf Club, Par 35
Clearly, it's seems enough that critics are safely unanimous in their 3 out of 4 star rating for this gutsy little opera of punching and pounding. The film is stylish and sharply observed without being derivative or suffocatingly crafty, but after the first amazing powerhouse 20 minutes there's really nowhere to go but right to left, then left to right, your toofless, in those lovely musical tracking shots. Here's Ebert:
Although vintage peper dolls were created in the likeness of every movie star you can imagine, including some that rather arcane (Barbara Brittain?) and/or unlikely (Anthony Perkins?) names, I can't find any vintage dolls representing older children's books. No Moffats, no Melendys, no Harriet the Spy with removable hoodie. No Margaret from ARE YOU THERE GOD..? (Can you imagine that doll's accessories?)
C.S. Lewis once asked what we would think of a culture that constructed an elaborate eating ritual in which the food was slowly, tantalizingly revealed so as to maximize the viewer’s hunger and desire. Some would surely insist it was proof that we were enjoying food to the greatest possible degree. But Lewis countered, couldn’t it also be seen as proof that food as food had lost its ability to satisfy?
But strangely, there is a comfort in all of this. Why?
"No good tree bears bad fruit, nor does a bad tree bear good fruit. Each tree is recognized by its own fruit. People do not pick figs from thornbushes, or grapes from briers. The good man (or woman, my words)brings good things out of the good stored up in his (HER) heart, and the evil man (woman) brings evil things out of the evil stored up in his (her) heart. For out of the overflow of his (her) heart his (her) mouth speaks." Luke 6:43-45
investor.
"Each collection begins with panic. Rather than the romantic notion that a trip to exotic locations, or glamorous parties with fascinating people influences my designs, quite the opposite is true.
I have often pondered the daily verse and committed it to memory many years ago. It will surely be quoted in many prayer services today. It is initially expressed as a condition and promise to Solomon during a time of great personal and national consecration as the temple is being dedicated approximately 3,000 years ago. I believe there is an element to this promise that is unique to Israel as a nation, who as a national people were called by God’s Name.
…THERE IS A SLGT RISK OF SVR TSTMS FROM THE NERN GULF CST INTO THE CAROLINAS/SE VA…
SG: Please hop on the bed on to your back while I ask you some questions.
I tend to be more unstructured in my contributions to the Counter-Jihad, my "structured" thoughts start from the position of examining the essential question of what constitutes existence, and thus would be of limited interest to anyone else who is not interested in the ontological priority of evil relative to good.
saying, even when the grip
the trade unions, law enforcement agencies, political pressure groups, political parties, Government agencies and Members of
Without you there’s nothing to fight for…
flowers from stash - coloured with promarkers
Get a YMCA membership (they now have scholarships based on your income).
In writing of prose and poetry, painting, music and other pleasure-seeking activities we carry out, we play the role of the villain. Most often the irritable brats are ignored. They are brutally gagged. Some of us do walk the extra mile,display benevolence and try to do justice. In doing so, these brats are ‘ungagged’, cleaned and decorated and presented to the world. The artificial process of beautification uglifies them further and the world appreciates such exposure. The sense of justice that the artist possesses is lauded. Once these kids have performed well (under pressure), they go to the changing rooms, tear off their cheap gaudy clothes and come back to the father. They shout at him in the face and ask “You asshole! could you not talk about us and present us in the same state that you always force us to dwell in. Why do we need to borrow the left over costumes and cosmetics from those stupid siblings to whom you have willed all your wealth and heritage. We will kill you. We will kill you one day. And you will die. This is going to happen soon, you see”.
He questioned the whole motive of the people protesting about the poster and basically called them hypocrites. He stated Internationally there is a list of 'Muslim Safe' Countries around the world and Britain was not one of them. He said that genuine Muslims who follow their peaceful Islamic beliefs would simply move if the host country offended them so much.
The veil has been torn and the grave is empty. And I have faith something beyond all expectation is waiting for me. This is, after all, the same God who brought Cora's file to us.
Aarakshan is a film that made little impact on the scene; however, the mellow song “Accha Lagta Hai” was a permanent fixture on my iPod. The vocalist bring a great charisma to the song making it one of my favorites.
That’s not the problem. The problem is that online advertisers only pay-per-click or pay-per-performance, so unless the audience goes to the artists’ sites and clicks through their links daily, they can’t generate any money for their art.
Sony revamped its mobile strategy to integrate gaming and entertainment features, in the wake of the completed Ericsson buyout of their joint venture.
Thanks for the post from Carmen Ferrell!
I interviewed Tiro in this room, allowing the bad omens of things to come (the increasingly darkening sky) to not cloud my judgement. He couldn’t tell me anything I didn’t know already and I began to pine for the warm, heavenly covers of my bed with my wife beside me. Before another (so-called) witness of minimal importance could be forced upon me, I slammed the cup of wine heavily down onto the table (but spilling little) and demanded I see the body. Cicero received me with as much courtesy as he could muster, before leading me back down the same corridor and into a small recess. My disillusions with the case were beginning to fester - how many more lies would I have to stomach before the night was up?
But when he heard it, he said, “Those who are well have no need of a physician, but those who are sick. Go and learn what this means, ‘I desire mercy, and not sacrifice.’ For I came not to call the righteous, but sinners.”
4 general
In addition, two of my employees succumbed to cancer. I worked with these people, I knew their families, and we like one another. So the emotional upheaval of my condition, the loss of two co-workers, and the devastating effect of ovarian cancer on another of my employees who is surviving quite well today, all took a physical and psychological toll. In addition, right at the end of the year a lady I've worked with for ten years announced she was leaving our organization for a better opportunity. I wish her will, she deserves it. However, she and I were a tight team for ten years and I will miss that relationship terribly.
Shannon reminds us that shoe pockets are one of the best organizers ever because of their versatility! Hats and mittens for her, but don't forget that it can also be used for those little things like cords, sunscreen, batteries and chargers!
He also loves bath time. He splashes so much that he gets me and the entire bathroom soaking wet. Then, he will try to chase the water down the drain as the tub empties.
It doesn’t have to be this way.
This has been a productive week, even though there have been moments when I wondered. We continue to make good strides toward the end of our school year. We still have about 40+ days left in our year though. I have already discussed with the kiddos (not to ask their thoughts, but to give them a "heads up") that we will continue to do a little school through the summer although it will be a very relaxed schedule. I just can't take the summer brain drain that we had last fall. So while it will probably just be a couple of mornings a week, we will continue doing some school through the summer, taking off a week here and there. Do you homeschool year-round or take the summer off?
Todd Russell Hill, 34, Boston, Mass.
4PM – 6PM – fussfussfussfusseatfussfussfusseat
15:20 WHAT!?!?!? Sully Sullenberger is still a person? I mean, don’t get me wrong I hailed the guy as much as anyone for being an American Hero, but what has the guy done lately, he’s like the Baha Men of American Heroes (and talking about the Baha Men).
Step 9: Straight stitch on the lines you drew.
Where it had once been an efficient tent—with running water via a garden hose and electricity via an extension cord—it was now run-down, dilapidated, with gaping rips in the walls and large dents and dings in the support poles. It sagged terribly and I had a definite sense that things had gone terribly wrong somewhere along the way and nobody had bothered to tell me until it was too late.
This is not a slam dunk yet…I have hopes it will be, but winds currently blow in Romney’s direction. And given that Obama is repeatedly showing he has nothing to run on and that his campaign is just going to get increasingly desperate as time goes on (I expect to see ads discussing Romney’s bigamist ancestors by mid July)…given that we should see $5 a gallon gas midsummer, a continuing slowing economy and more unemployment…given that I expect more shrill and hateful statements from Michelle revealing their utter contempt for this nation…given all that I don’t see the polls swinging in Obama’s favor. This is becoming Romney’s race to lose.
I’m trying to find humor in the fact that I still can’t speak Portuguese very well.
2 progenitors
It’s Maundy Thursday, there’s three more free days left after it. But let’s talk about creativity. I feel like a dried-up well in this department lately, although there’s no shortage in the things (banal and foreign alike) to be written about. For one, I’m buying this “books impression” idea from Mich, one that dictates I jot down notes on novels / short stories recently read. The idea’s brilliant, really; what other way to fight a cheating memory but to immortalize ideas in print (or, in this case, in the electronic grapevine)?
I must admit -- my initial guesses at what it would be like were totally and completely wrong. It was FABULOUS. Now, this is not to say that I love psych -- while it is interesting, it isn't something that I could see myself doing on a daily basis. But the people that I worked with were absolutely AMAZING. They were so kind and helpful and willing to answer questions...the residents and attending that I was with completely and totally made my month on psych a fantastic experience, and I could not be more thankful for that. I had one other student with me full time during the rotation and that only served to make the experience even better. It was so nice to have a partner in crime for the month -- not to mention someone who could help give me advice on all of the things left to do for the next year and a half of medical school!
Today is that fun day that only happens once every four years... February 29th! Leap year always seemed like a bizarre concept to me growing up. Once I better understood that we have a leap year to make sure the calednar year is synchronized with the seasonal year, it started making more sense, but it's still strange that each year isn't always the same number of days. As if this wasn't confusing enough, imagine being born on February 29th or having to explain to your child why the date they were born only actually occurs every four years.
Blog about this giveaway and come back leaving the link where I can find the post. (5 entries leave 5 comments)
If you have come here from Kylie's blog, then you are in the correct place :) If you haven't, then head over to the TPV blog, where the fun begins :) Be sure to hop to all 12 designers blogs to be inspired by their creations, plus many of us have blog candy for you :)
The funny things was, on the day I could eat whatever I wanted, there was little craving for anything bad. I ordered my favourite fast food breakfast from McDonalds and choked down half an Egg McMuffin before giving up. I made cookies for a work event and ate exactly half of one, even though they were delicious. For lunch I chose a grilled chicken pita, which was okay at best. I had a coke with it, which was very enjoyable. Supper was gnocchi and bread and cannoli, which were good but not AS GOOD as I remember.Yesterday, I was back on the plan and only got side-railed once when my mother-in-law gave us peach juice with supper.
...my friends, who are always there to encourage me and make me chuckle -- and also remind me that no matter how hard I try, my tiny green TRex arms will never reach the keyboard. (Go team YAYA)
hey, thanks for stopping by. have a great day!
Ormand Hall, Belgian Beer Cafe is the venue and the Funky Bunch Trivia guys will provide the information/entertainment side of things while brewers such as Bridge Road, Temple, Mountain Goat, Holgate, Hargreaves Hill and Trumer Pils will lay on the beers.
i immediately started packing to get Harlow and i out of there and to a warm place for the night. as i brought the first load outside, i realized that leaving wasn't really an option. trees were cracking and falling. the road was full of branches, trees, and power lines. scary. so i hunkered back into the house and made a bed for myself on the floor of Harlow's room.
What a beautiful weekend we were blessed with! So gorgeous outside had to take advantage of it :-) Bella got her first grooming and did really well! Our groomer just loves her. She evened her out and fluffed her up a bit, along with adding some whitening to her coat.
It is 4 pm now, with 77 F and cloudy (actually great weather for Rapid City this time of the year!). I guess I'll call my friends, grab a 'tall cappuccino with 4 sugars' at Starbucks coffee, and drive down to Skyline Dr to check-out the weather :) Voila!
Former Madison Police Chief David Couper spoke before a Baraboo audience at the Village Booksmith to promote his book “Arrested Development: A Veteran Police Chief Sounds Off About Protest, Racism, Corruption and the Seven Steps Necessary to Improve Our Nation’s Police.” The book is an autobiographical journey and history, he said.
So, I did a lot of things wrong with Enrique. Here’s how we got one of the most basic things wrong: Sleeping. How did we get this wrong?
He likes to play with Kyle's old stash of little cars and trucks.
Today, I had this interesting little… I don’t know what to call it. Maybe an… insight. Hmmm, no that’s not the word I am looking for. Epiphany. Yes, that’s more like it. I had this epiphany today. I won’t go into details (due to the HIPPA law) but there was a patient today that came up to me and nearly cried with joy after I helped him. It made me happy too. Today was the first real day, that had me thinking: “This is it. This is exactly where I am meant to be. Sitting here, in this office, surrounded by these people, helping patients. Dating this boy, missing my best friend, and unsure of what tomorrow brings. This is right where I am supposed to be.” I caught myself smiling.
To call the Salmon Plate an . . . um, Salmon Plate, is an understatement of absurd proportions. Sure, it's got salmon, but on a bed of kale salad, with pine nuts and roasted vegetables (beet, brussels sprout, onion, garlic, zucchini), with curried quinoa and mac salad on the side. So good, and so good for you.
So far we’ve paid for the replacement glass in the front window, a new door, hair dryer and wall clock. Sorting out the interior now begins in earnest so we can fit security shutters and secure the building.
Do you know what Saint Augustine, a famous Bishop 360s AD, western philosopher, and theologian, has in common with a 5 year old? They both ask the same questions. In “On the Will,” Augustine breaks down the questions of the cause and origin of evil, the proof and existence of God, the reason for humankind’s free will, and humankind’s freedom and the origin of sin. The entire text was a conversation between Augustine and Evodius, the interlocutor, in a similar way as Plato’s On the Republic: a teacher asking questions and the student arrives at some truth. In many ways the conversation reflects childlike and simple logic. When Augustine asks Evodius why adultery was evil, Evodius replies because he would not want that act for himself. In simple terms: Don’t do something you wouldn’t want to do to yourself. Then through a long and windy set of conversations beginning with “if…then,” like in mathematics proofs, we find that Augustine was teaching Evodius the origin of sin is cupidity, and a desire for things that are effervescent (ie impermanent desires). Take the example of killing…killing is wrong and against the law. The temporal law (or judicial law) of our current existence is really meant to keep society in peace, this is naturally different (and not always in line with) from the higher order eternal law.
Since we’re flingin’ all sorts of personal-benefit allegations around with no evidence, I’ll note it occurs to me that Sarah Palin’s monetary stream dries up if there’s a conservative president.
April’s pink tongue darts out and removes the white trimming.
The hotel manager finished talking to the mother and kids and then came inside and called Leo, explaining that he had another possible sighting of Mildred Packer.
I hope you still feel small when you stand beside the ocean.
Blu-ray: US - $279.99/Canada - $319.99
But we women — we’ve got it all figured out, don’t we? At ten years old, we’ve got our entire wedding planned (for me it was a double wedding with my friend, Kim), we’ve chosen the names for our twins (a boy and a girl, in case you’re wondering), and we’ve already selected the first minivan we’ll own (a 1987 Dodge Caravan with fancy wood paneling on the side). (Side note: Thanks to my cousins on Pequest Road in New Jersey, I had an abnormal obsession with minivans as a child.)
Welcome to an all NEW Squiggle Saturday Challenge!
_____________________________________________________________________________
After a huge and scrumptious dinner, we all wrapped up in coats or sleeping bags and sat on tarps to watch the full length movie "17 Miracles" about the ill fated Willie handcart company of 1856. It is a wonderful and inspiring film about true events, and many tears were shed as we watched. I was completely amazed at the big screen, the excellent picture quality, and the perfect sound, all set up in the wilderness and powered by generators. Cool, huh? We wrapped up the evening with campfire devotionals in our separate families. Here's Zach, fifth from the left!
While I was shopping for my mandoline slicer, I found an enameled, cast-iron, 5 qt. dutch oven marked down 60% to $40. Oh, what luck!! So I had to try it out and I decided to make a Ratatouille. A Ratatouille is a great way to use up summer vegetables; it’s basically a French, vegetable stew that typically uses onions, garlic, bell pepper, zucchini, eggplant, and tomatoes. There are infinite variations depending on what you have on hand.
In any case, as I mentioned the beautiful ruins of Ostia Antica yesterday and also made reference to Pompeii I thought I would let you know that after a three year multi-euro restoration, the Stabian Baths are now re-open to the public. The baths were public and were used by all but the most wealthy people, as the wealthy were really the only people who could devote an entire room in the house to this purpose. The public baths were divided so that the men and women each had their own side and on each side was a series of rooms,with different functions, changing room, the cold bath room, the tepid bath room or hot bath room.
Flopping, diving and overall “gamesmanship” is ruining sports – at every level. The last soccer World Cup (and whether you like soccer or not, the World Cup is the biggest sports event in the world other than maybe the Olympics) was regularly marred by players “simulating fouls” (or diving), and just Saturday, a player in my son’s middle school game (on the opposing team, thank God) threw himself to the ground without contact in an effort to take a charge (maybe in another post I’ll cover how idiotic charge taking is). To their eternal credit, yesterday’s middle school officials didn’t fall for the ruse, but because of the speed of the games compared to the speed of the officials at higher levels, far too often officials are duped and reward this garbage behavior.
Do you think it will be hard to separate from the constantly growing number of bands with a comparable sound especially in Sweden?
What made the markets jittery was that Manuel had promised the ANC bigwigs he would stay in his job in spite of Mbeki's downfall, the man he had worked closely with for almost a decade.
The big digital
5.) During my childhood years I have always wanted to become a mermaid. I have always loved the beach and the sand, the sun, and the ocean breeze, but funny thing is I am already in my mid twenties and still don't know how to swim.
All of the plans we had together
The building is stunning, modern and sure to be the image for New York City once it is complete. A great addition to the skyline and will act as a beacon of hope and remembrance for those who remember 9/11. Photos below.
Authonomy is HarperCollins UK's interractive writers' site. There's a sprawling message-board (which takes forever to load on my dial-up service), a large selection of work on view; and every month the five (I think) most well-received pieces of work get looked at by HarperCollins editors, and are commented on. This is not to be sniffed at: but do bear in mind that so far not one of any of the top five books has been published by HarperCollins, and only one book has been taken from the Authonomy slush-pile for publication.
And so he passed away yesterday. It sinks in slowly. So many pictures of him, cameo incidents in my life as a seminarian. So many that I am still replaying as I apply them to ministry.
In the moonlight shadow
We had a 52 foot CinemaScope screen and it looked great when we ran films like "Lawrence of Arabia", "It's A Mad, Mad, Mad, Mad World" and the Fox films. Unfortunately we weren't equipped with stereo or 70mm, which came later after I had left when the theatre was twinned. We screened "Goldfinger" for five weeks, and I remember we had a new screen during that time as the old one was thick with cigarette nicotine. I also had my first and only film rip on that one. It was quite an experience as it played to packed houses for days. I would often go downstairs to the back of the circle on my break to hear the enormous crowd reaction. Audiences in large numbers knew back then how to behave and enjoy a film together. The Head projectionist's office had a glassless porthole so you could hear crowd reaction, quite something to behold when you had a full house with 2000 plus people!
Ok, back to my list of impossible things! I've had the idea for a while of writing down my bucket list, or things I would like to do before I die. What prompted me lately was one of my friends had started a thing called the Blog of Impossible Things, which is basically a list of things that you feel are impossible for yourself to do…..and you do them. Brit and I both did this, and they are pretty similar but not really haha. I can't wait to get started too! Some of the things I wrote down I feel really are impossible for me, especially the physical ones. I feel like it will be an ongoing thing, but here's what I have so far:
Heck, I couldn’t believe to learn in Montana last year you could do just about the same thing on un-posted land. With the proper license in your pocket and a desire for bleeding feet and burning lungs, one can just traipse off into the mountains for a wide variety of big game. It’s still amazing to me stories I read about approaching farmers in the Midwest and elsewhere about hunting the Back Forty. Knock on the door of the Ol’ Family Farm with an offer to help with the harvest seemed to be the ticket for wonderful whitetails.
He will want to write down the dates and times he first received his “preachin’ anointing,” his “speaking-in-tongues anointing,” his “harvest anointing,” his “anointing of increase,” his “anointing of favor,” his “financial anointing,” his “binding and loosing anointing,” his “dreams and visions anointing,” any musical or singing “anointings” he might have received, and many many more. These usually happen during a “vision retreat” where he abandons his family and flock for a few days so he can go somewhere secluded and hear God speak to him audibly in a place where no else is around to verify it.
I guess we'll get one more on here to make sure we got a full trend piece:
Next, cut out the heat. Ok. Not entirely. But limit it! I prefer to wear my hair straight so I flat iron weekly. Because I just can’t seem to part with my dear beloved flat irons I cut the blow dryer out. It just didn’t make sense to use both so I started air drying. You can too! You can air dry in braids, twists, flexi rods…….whatever! Just make sure you properly detangle first! Air drying not only keeps your from drying out but it also makes your hair thicker, saves time and is much less painful!
Maybe I will get more of these boxes unloaded and sorted after all!
As the Crown owned the committee known as the British government there was no problem getting the British taxpayer to pay for naval and military forces to maintain the Crown’s supremacy in these areas.
Have you ever heard this funny trick? "Divide the older person's age in half, then add seven, and that's the biggest age difference you can have. So if you're 30, the youngest you can date is 22." It's actually a pretty good rule of thumb!
it's time to stop (w)rambling and announce the winner of my
Ice cream (be careful of what brands and what flavors though)
process in which seniors in high school go through in America (career
Dreadfire portal
Hi, Hijita. Grandma needs to talk to you, hold on…
A second misconception has to do with claims and claim reporting. Almost ALL policies have a strict reporting condition in the policy. The policy is actually a contract between you and the insurance company. The company, by contract, agrees to do certain things on your behalf in the event of a claim.
This is precisely how I explained myself, admittedly in tears from the migraine at this point: “I appreciate that you make the effort to teach in a non-standard way – I’m sure you’re engaging so many people in new ways – but it’s not working for me. I actually need a bit of the standard methods; I need to hear the theory, too. Yesterday, when I spoke with you privately, and we discussed that concept and you then helped me come to a personal example – that’s how I learn best. Reading it alone isn’t enough with me. And it’s frustrating because I know you have so much knowledge and experience to offer me, and I want to learn it – but you’re not engaging me, and it sucks. And then today – I’m sick with the flu and have a migraine, and during the group midterm… it was hell! I get the purpose of it – in the field, we will often work in treatment teams, and it’s crucial we know how to collaborate on treatments – but in the field, we’d be in a board room, not competing with the noise of eight other groups. I have attention issues, and it was SO LOUD and so hard to focus.”
A name that is writ large in Kingston, which enthusiastically claims him as its son, is that of Eadweard James MuyBridge, né Muggeridge. A green plaque indicates where he lived as a child. Muybridge, whose somewhat eventful life and achievements are described in this Wikipedia article, was an early adopter of photography for the purpose of studying human and animal movement. His sets of time-lapse photographs have become famous and are displayed both in scientific institutes and in art galleries, often using superposition techniques to turn the stills into virtual film sequences. His work gained popularity, being sold in phenakistoscopic devices (in which a series of images is displayed one by one through a hole or slit, creating the illusion of movement). Muybridge naturally features in Kingston Museum.
Host: Johnny Suave
Thanks again to Jay and the rest of the crew for letting me play again!
I decided to take a little break from technical issues in this webisode and focus more on my creative process. This is perhaps my favorite part of painting: when I daydream about new narratives and sketch various compositional ideas. Actually making paintings becomes very difficult and arduous; therefore, I think it's healthy to have these less regimented and more carefree periods wherein you can be most creative and focus on the content, mood and effect you want your paintings to have. Also, I'd like to mention that, while the music in this webisode may be a bit over-dramatic, it actually was what I listened to while planning a number of my whaling paintings and therefore influenced the tone of the series.
I felt creative today and I’ve learnt three things – how to draw an owl, how to make the paper looks old by aging it and how to fold the mini-zine :). I had a lots of fun with aging the paper and I’ll create some more tomorrow and then I’ll add some photos :).
Music, Politics and Agency in the Digital Age: Sonic Radicalism
Asafoetida – a pinch
Having had some less than happy news recently, I was pleased to see the article in print and hope it's a sign of more positive things to come for everyone.
I rewind to the moment I had to reprimand someone I thought to be a friend for playing the race card when he was losing an argument against some guy I didn’t even know.
Not a long post about our weekend because I was sick Friday and most of Saturday from the yucky sore throat/cold going around. B had it first, passed it to me, and now Daniel is getting it. Luckily with medicine around the clock we can all breathe better!!
not duplicate recordings, or different recordings of the same concert, although both
And again I laughed and laughed and laughed.
Unfortunately, I can’t say any of these things without lying through my teeth.
Here’s a few lovely tracks for you to listen to. Treat it as the nicest homework you’ll ever get…
Having completed filming, Yuda left Zimbabwe with his family for a new life and is now at a secret destination.
She was the leader of what became known in Israel as the Coastal Massacre. On March 11, 1978, Mughrabi led a band of eleven terrorists who murdered several people in cold blood, including an American photographer, Gail Rubin. They then hijacked a bus filled with families going on an outing.
My feet have only touched the ground twice, an astonishingly gross blowout a'la toddler booty, and while sampling some of the local food at Cheesecak Factory (HA!) they served this vegetarian chicken in in my salad. That'll learn me!
So it’s a no-brainer that Sony will be looking to make sure that doesn’t happen this time. How it can be so sure of beating Microsoft to the punch is another matter though, and as usual we’d take these anonymous comments with a glass of salty water.
“I think for Barcelona we will largely keep pushing with what we have done already, although I’m sure there will be small details that will change.”
Here in Istanbul, it was impossible to find ginger ale until a few months ago. I stumbled across a random promosyon bin filled with bottles of ginger ale at the Macro Center in Akmerkez. Buy 1, get 1 free!
I definitely need to read the book first.
Ska is the first of Durango's breweries to make a black IPA, a style popular in the Northwest. Last year, Ska's Snowdown beer was Hyper Fierce Gnar Gnar Hefe, an unfiltered hefeweizen brewed with toasted coconut and pineapple.
Burrrrrrrrrrrr...... Spring is here in Oregon but this past week with the rain and wind I felt a little chilled to the bone. So I dug out my favorite recipe for chicken noodle soup. Not being winter I did not have a stock pile of noodles in my cupboard so I decided to add the two I had and that is were the double noodle chicken soup came from. I have to say that the family really liked and I think that it is how I will make it in the future, enjoy.....
2. Most of the local Churches founded by the Apostles themselves were founded in the East, and belong to the ancient Patriarchates (important spiritual centers) of the Orthodox Church, established in Biblical cities of historically great prominence. These local Churches include the Church of Jerusalem, which, being the city of the Lord became known from an early time as “the mother of all churches,” together with Antioch (where the followers of Christ were first called Christians in Acts ) Alexandria, and Constantinople (New Rome). All of these have remained intact by continuous succession from the time of the Apostles to this very day–historically verifiable–it should not be ignored.
Glitter Glamour Dust in Crystal
Riyadh on Saturday recalled its ambassador from Cairo after angry protests outside the Saudi embassy in Cairo over the arrest of an Egyptian human rights lawyer in the Gulf kingdom.
Now relax… and put the Brussels sprouts down approximately seventeen and fourteen sixty-sevenths of an inch to the left of the ice-cream salesman.
"You could write about what you did at work today." (Folded sweaters. Life changing.)
Because "raindrops were falling on my head" today, I would be remiss if I didn't put down a few words for the 1969 classic, Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid. Newman teamed up for the first time with his old friend Robert Redford and Katherine Ross in this movie about the two notorious outlaws.
We were on our way to see the Mission and happen to run
Obadiah took the glass of whiskey to Revd Bilkin and sat opposite him on the uneven oak bench. He didn’t know what to say, but he knew he wanted to say something. More than that, he wanted Revd Bilkin to say something.
Gregory: not Mitt Romney?
Please take note councillors. You do not have a mandate to permit this development. It conflicts with your own current policies; policies that were also opened up for public consultation. The development quite clearly conflicts with what the majority of the people who wrote letters to Planning want. Please bear in mind that we do live in a democracy and whatever your own personal views might be, you do have a duty to give a substantial weight to the wishes of residents.
Sincere self-inquiry is the philosophical pursuit
Many individuals with gender identity disorder become socially isolated, whether by choice or through ostracization, which can contribute to low self-esteem and may lead to school aversion or even dropping out. Peer ostracism and teasing are especially common consequences for boys with the disorder.
Even though Comus is peated to a higher level, Orpheus really tastes like a more traditional peat monster (albeit on steroids). I find that Sauternes influence is a gamble and I'm not so sure it works on the Comus. If I had to choose between the two, I'd definitely pick the Orpheus, but I'm not sure I'd pay for either given the other, cheaper peated whiskies that are available.
We're extremely lucky to have the very talented Paula Dobson join us to share a Guest Designer Tutorial. We've added a link feature at the bottom of this tutorial if you'd like to share your work! This is not a challenge, just a way to share some great recreations of this gorgeous box. Enjoy!
Note to self: never again promise to vlogspice myself singing karaoke and then completely cop-out.
So this self-esteem thing... it's complicated. Youngest LB wants to be loved for her personality. But she likes to be reassured that she looks nice too. Of course what's on the inside matters most. But we can't deny the impact of the external, our appearance matters too. Of course we want to be appreciated for our intelligence, our wit and warmth, our humour and our kindness. But aren't we also delighted when someone tells us we look good?
She is the Centre’s Chief Executive. She is author of The Scots’ Crisis of Confidence, Creating Confidence: A Handbook for Professionals Working with Young People and The Tears that Made the Clyde: Well-being in Glasgow. She blogs on confidence, well-being, inequality, every day life and some of the great challenges of our time.
I’d finally figured out how to order from the Taiwanese payeasy website, and I hauled myself both BeautyMaker Love Pu Pu Cheeks, and a @Nature sunblock. I love the system of ordering online and picking up your order from a convenience store! Super duper convenient as Taiwan’s streets are full of convenience stores such as 7-11, Family Mart and Hi-Life.
I went down and visited Sandra on Saturday while out riding. Nice. She is getting out of rehab on Tuesday. A long journey for sure. The staff will miss her I am sure.
Abdul Ariffahmi added that many Tok Gurus did not have enough money to perform the Haj and that it was not out of the ordinary for someone to volunteer to pay for the trip.
This is what the Guardian article really didn't quite get around to discussing about solo living, is that no matter how much freedom, space, quiet, or selfishness it allows, it is really a very solitary, lonely state of being.
But we also, in our general daily lives, keep small, or otherwise apparently insignificant, everyday objects and things, which also and equally serve us as a helper in keeping someone else in rememberance.
26 Click and drag out a long text field on the stage, somewhere along its vertical middle point. It should span the whole stage width. When done, press Esc on your keyboard to exit the text field.
so that the sun shines in
It's a curious irony that she should have ended that way herself, her mind betraying her, all that self-reliance eroded into complete dependency on the social services she so deplored.
“Heavenly Father, through your Son Jesus Christ, you have opened the way to heaven for us. As you revealed yourself to your beloved Patriarchs and Apostles, so reveal yourself to me that I may glorify you in my daily life. May I always find joy in your presence and never lose sight of the kingdom of heaven.”
It’s funny, because I can put these things almost anywhere, parallel parking never an issue. I can’t parallel park my car though!
There's a time to zoom in and there's a time to zoom out.
Mom's Bible: God's Wisdom for Mothers NCV Version
Boscia's newest cleanser is their Detoxifying Black Cleanser. After reading the description on Sephora's website I caved and purchased it. The warming sensation intrigued me the most. I already own the Boscia Luminizing Black Mask, so I was curious to see how their black cleanser would work. At the time I purchased this cleanser there were only two reviews on Sephora's website, and both where 5-star. Shortly after trying it out I also added my own 5-star review! I really like this cleanser and even though I don't use it exclusively, it's still a great cleanser to have in my skincare routine.
When Lisa and Nathan became adults they chose the theatre as careers, Nathan as an up and coming actor and Lisa the prop girl. In between scenes Nathan nosed around and found the prop room and that is where he found Lisa. It was love at first sight and so marriage was eminent.
The two remaining men, keeping up as best they could, had both grown up in the southwestern United States – one in Utah, the other in Nevada. The four had come together as Rangers stationed just a few hours away at Ft. Benning. They had all been a part of a Ranger platoon on a mission in Central America when the dominoes began to fall.
Currently, some opposing views are presented in Domino's August issue; editors constructively share diverse opinions from top designers and look for areas of agreement. On page 53, the hot button topic, "where to put the family photos," is tackled. Sixty percent are vehement about keeping the pictures in private areas and forty percent say "display tastefully." (Tastefully being subjective.) So, I couldn't resist posting this image of India Hicks' fabulous, family-photo-laden dining room.
(Greg & Colin comparing... bellies, lol)
Never, in all my years of over-indulgence, have I gotten so big a return for so little effort.
27. Kai’s teaser photo
I am starting again on my training. I beat a personal record this past week on my running! I ran a mile in 9:45. That is slow for most, but a really exciting record for me! I was super excited about that. I would like to get my overall 3 miles done in less than 30 minutes. I am so close.
I'm still trying to figure out about remaining in country or not (more than likely not since I'm a teacher and don't want to have to go right back to work upon returning home with him), but for now we're elated to be going at all!
Quick! Run to the brewery! They plan on having Elvis related food! Holy Shit! I bet there'll be line outside the door waiting for this one! Peanut Butter and Banana Sandwiches, Meatloaf, Biscuits and Gravy, Cornbread? Don't forgot Elvis' last meal.... a big ol' bowl of Ice Cream and some cookies. Considering the guy died on the shitter, probably trying to push out all that solidified Fat that gummed up his colon; A bowl of prunes might of kept him alive. Wonder what'll save this beer and concept?
Thank you for sending an autographed baseball to my daughter, Margaret, following the death of her brother, Jack. I was so surprised when Heather brought the ball to Margaret because Jack loved the Yankees and was a big fan of yours, as am I.
- Hope those people in turn pay it forward by accepting and awarding "The Liebster Blog Award" to bloggers they would like to honour
This week I will be showing up. Showing God's love through my action of bringing a meal to someone that needs love, not judgment. That needs to know the church is there for her. To know Jesus loves her. I don't need to tell her all this, she'll know just because I became the church for her by showing up.
I named this quilt Los Novios (The Lovers) because of the backing fabric. My sister in-law loves the Alexander Henry Day of the Dead fabric so I thought it was a perfect match for the back! When I entered this quilt in a show recently, the quilt judge loved it until she saw the backing. She didn’t think it was appropriate for this quilt, but my sister-in-law absolutely loves it and that’s what’s most important!
The tornado leveled a residential area of the city (population: 50,000) estimated to be as large as 20 blocks. Many people are believed to be trapped inside destroyed/damaged buildings.
The uniqueness of the event draws everyone from all around Malaysia and neighboring countries. For the past 3 years, we have exhibited hot air balloon shows and other aviation sports to the public.
My children are rock and roll.
Had a great night last night. My friend Karla came over and hung out. We talked mostly but did play a game or 3 on the Wii and she beat me at all of them! She also fixed my garbage disposal lol! Some pistachio shells had fallen down it and it needed to be reset but I had no earthly idea how to do it and she took 2 seconds to look at it and wham it was working. She is my helpful hint lady now. She was also the one who told me about using vinegar on the shower doors.
titles by author or subject in alphabetical order. But these files, which
BLITZER: What –
In gaming the console iѕ a popular medium for entertainment through video games. With the improvements in personal computer graphics and processing speed, dedicated simultaneous programs van be utilized whіle playing the highest graphic games. The cataclysm hardware requirements normal and ultra settings іn playing а game ѕuch as world of war craft are nоt fаr out of reach.
God is not an “accidental” God. Everything He does has a plan and a purpose to it. We’ve all heard that before, or maybe you told it to someone else at one time or another. Quite often we hear those words at times of our lives when we have trouble even seeing God, such as when we experience severe illness. Or loss of a loved one. Or find ourselves consumed with worry, or disappointment, or guilt.
Gra1980
Too many donuts… But I’ll get to that shortly.
Maybe the artist is conveying that happiness is an impossibility, that it doesn’t exist.
“Stop comparing yourself to other husbands. I didn’t marry them, I married you. I hate it when you do that. You told me all the time what a wonderful husband you were comparing yourself to others.”
All of this is common sense once you think it through. Each will help you close that deal, but there is one area that is the key to really moving a property quickly – the price.
- Clean slate rounds (slammers know what that means)
And with no further ado, I give you Hell on Earth 2.0...
Where Did All the Fusion Boys Go?
If you do see it, you could always come back and write a comment about what and when, during the setting sun you saw something green! I just might believe you.
Probably the most misunderstood grant opportunity of all, fiscal sponsorships require collaboration between writer and a nonprofit entity. Many more grants go to nonprofit entities than individuals, mainly due to income tax regulations. Fiscal sponsorship enables a nonprofit organization to apply for a grant on a writer's behalf, subtracting an administrative fee in exchange for its services.
It's the 3rd Saturday of the month which means that this week is our sponsored challenge. Our sponsor this month is My Favorite Things. My Favorite Things carry an awesome range of stamps and Die-namic dies for all your stamping needs. One lucky person will win a $25 gift voucher to spend at My Favorite Things.
The people of Wooton Bassett have taken to welcoming those brave young men home, standing along the roadside in silent tribute and comforting the families of the dead. Over the months and years more and more have travelled to join them until the repatriations have become a sombre, but hugely well attended and symbolic event. Those who come do not do it for the cameras, or or the bemused and patronising journalists who turn up to record what is to them a bizarre spectacle. Way out of sight of the cameras, along the roadside and in the lay-bys they stand silently and they salute, as the tragic cavalcade goes by, carrying those they have come to mourn.
I think of seizure as a cat asleep.
Starring: David Tennant, Lindsay Duncan, Alberto Dentice, Aleksandar Mikic, Gemma Chan, Sharon Duncan-Brewster
Have a great day and we'll see you tomorrow,
Shamen, The
Here's Taylor Swift in her favorite non-colour. I would seriously love to see the girl in some yellow or green or something not white and/or neutral!
Can you tell me why the beer in the batter is better?
So what options are there? Will KLM only seat "Friends" next to you? Well, unless you constantly drag a group of your best friends along, it seems unlikely. Another option would be to let you "block" all passengers you view as "creepy", not allowing them to see your profile, or sit next to you.
Rakofsky’s problems could have probably been avoided had he made it clear where he is most of the the time and where he receives his mail. Which he was supposed to do.
All of their products are made with DuPont Supplex , a soft, comfortable fabric which does all this:
When problems
This Hitchcockian crime tale sees Jonathan, a young actor, confide in his friend Eve that the actress he’s been having an affair with, Marlene Dietrich, has committed murder. Eve and Jonathan investigate, leading to one of the now most overused endings of the movies (Switchblade Romance I’m looking at you).
Embossing: Cuttlebug Divine Swirls folder
EPISODE 152 (This episode might offend someone out there)
Over the next several months as I work on this book, I plan to post on this blog my progress and my problems; I sincerely solicit your advice at all stages of its composition. Initially, I ask you to choose on the sidebar poll what you think is the best name for the book.
This strategy is not just a mistake. Rather, the union tops are doing their job, as defined for them by the bosses. legal system. They will do everything possible to keep workers from taking strike action, and from mounting solidarity actions with workers with workers in other unions, counties, districts, states or nations. The labor bosses see the upsurge in rank-and-file militancy as a threat, which they can only contain by corraling it into electoral politics. Thus, the popular sentiment for a general strike in Wisconsin was diffused into a recall campaign, which prevents immediate militant action, and steers workers into placing faith and hope in the Democrats rather than in our own self-organized mass actions. Thus, the AFL-CIO forbids any mention of opposition to foreign wars as they prepare to rally the troops for the 2012 electoral cycle.
DH: (laughing) It's like those kids on the refrigerator!
and all week I have thought
2.) Sam Adams White Ale**
1/4t five spice
Take your time. Expect to do a lot of reading. Also, don’t expect the story to come out as clearly as mine. You might find yours is more of a question than a statement. If so, pursue that, and follow it wherever it takes you. It’s okay if it’s abstract. It could be the answer to riddles so perplexing as to just why a raven is like a writing desk. The story might not even manifest until after you’ve pursued the meaning of the riddle. If so, perhaps that’s a journey worth blogging about too?
Me: (swallowing hard and doing tantric breath control) "Well, I can't fix your tooth I can only make it feel better. You are going to have to see a dentist or you may end up with a severe abscess and have to go to the operating room. If you see a dentist they may arrange a payment plan with you and you can get your tooth pulled for a few hundred dollars. If you wait and have to go to the operating room your bill will probably be over ten-thousand dollars and some people die if they let these get away from them."
A few links for the RSS feed on the Home Page.
After this abundant civility that I have just evidenced in relation to myself I shall perhaps be permitted more readily to state a few truths about “woman as such”—assuming that it is now known from the outset how very much these are after all only—my truths.[21]
Great Justrite/ Spellbinder's Video Tip:
Also check out the tunes on this website, including The Plagiarism Song, for which it helps if you have a passing familiarity with American children's entertainment.
And she got to meet Pup.
Tanner and his men remained silent.
Kinda hot, right?
First and most important is that they are adjustable. That means that I can adjust it for different hairstyles. My double buns require a little bit wider width because they sit on the sides of my head, so I can adjust the headband to hold without squeezing the bejeez out of my hair. Then when I just wear a ponytail, I can tighten things up a bit. Also, if I want to share with my daughter, she can adjust it again. And like with your bra, if you wear it so much that it gets lose, you can tighten it down another notch. When you adjust it, there is a little pocket for tucking in your loose end of elastic. Very cool touch.
I forgive myself that I’ve accepted and allowed myself to Not assist and support myself and my partner in being aware of my/our breathing to become aware of our voice tonality that it remain constant, clear, here, without reaction.
I can just break off a couple of rays and walk away…
i believe my children will make a difference in this world, they are going to do BIG things with their lives
Congratulations to the girls track team who finished 2nd out of 12 teams at the Edison Invitational. Finishing first and breaking the meet record was the 4x100m relay team of Abbey Bodeker, Hannah Bartlome, AuBree LaForce, and Emily Cunningham. Other first place finishes went to the 4x200m relay team of Abbey Bodeker, Hannah Bartlome, Victoria Gimben, and AuBree LaForce. Emily Cunningham in the 100m and 200m, Hannah Bartlome in the high jump and long jump, and Abbey Bodeker in the 300m hurdles. The lady sailors will be home this Wednesday against Midview so please come out and support your Vermilion track team.
In fact, sometimes the organs really want the baby out, but the baby flatly refuses to leave. This is when you usually end up with a Caeserean section, in which the doctor plays the role of a sheriff’s deputy with an eviction order. It’s messy and painful, just like in real life, but sometimes it has to be done. You just hope that everyone can recover and move on once it’s all over.
pants perfect around her waist, I call
will accumulate merit as countless as the sands and stars,
Me: Wait – there REALLY is a key that turns Globo back on and someone named McGyver has it?!
I've finally taken the time to sit and down load the pictures that we took of our new house. There are not many of them, but you can get a feel of what the house is like. We are scheduled to close Thursday (two days away), however we are currently waiting to hear if we'd be able to close from our underwriter, or if we'll have to postpone it for another week. We are all on edge and starting to live out of boxes. Don't worry I'm not that good at packing, there is still plenty left to pack. Happy Trails!
If you've never been to an authentic Ethiopian restaurant, it is quite an experience. For starters, there is no silverware! Dishes from your meal are laid out on a round piece of very thin bread, much resembling a crepe. You are given a basket of the same bread, which you tear into small strips and use to scoop up your food. Essentially, you are eating with your hands. The food at KoKoB was heavily aromatic and spiced to perfection. I had a combo of 3 dishes - carrots and green beans in a mild sauce, pea flour and shallots in a spicy sauce, and potatoes and beetroot in a rich sauce. The potato/beet dish was the winner, but they all held their own. So, if you ever find yourself in Brussels, make your way down to KoKoB for a proper Ethiopian feast :)
The 20-year-old woman said she was dropping off a man at the apartment complex in the 2800 block of Douglas Avenue about 1:15 a.m., on Wednesday. The woman told police she saw the man in the wheelchair in the lot. She asked him where he was going and if she could give him a ride.
Considering I recognize the moves from my Insanity workouts, and I KNOW those work, I'm willing to take the gamble and have added it as a bonus fat burner to my daily routine. Besides, I figure if my heart and head believe, I have a pretty good chance of my rumpus following suit...
As we move through the early weeks of a new year, I thought you might want to read a few comments regarding one of the stories that aaduna published. Keith Laufenberg's "Childhood" (Click to read) was published in the 2010 spring/summer issue. His nomination for a Pushcart Prize elicited some interesting comments, and in one case, I asked Keith to provide the response.
There is one last gem...the newly restored (and seemingly totally rebuilt) Hyatt. It is beautiful and, at least according to my friends, does not disappoint. I am hoping that my first Hyatt experience will be next month for Brad Pitt's Make It Right Foundation Gala. Tickets start at $1,000.00 and I am hoping someone might need a date. You can check it out at www.nighttomakeitright.com.
all he wants to do is climb up and stand...maybe he will go straight to walking....
The hardest thing was getting the crayons. I had to order them online, since I couldn´t find them in stores, and I wanted to use the real crayola crayons for this project - I couldn´t find any other brand that offered such a variety of colours - where else can I get 48 colours in one box?, plus, I also wanted them to come in that coloured paper wrapper - crayons in Germany usually come in a white plastic wrapper, that doesn´t look beautiful.
my mirror neurons seem to still be firing and know what it is to feel alive, breathing, aching…..i seem to find the most entertainment from animals that are showing social/nurturing activity and I’ve started a new preference for trees that are blooming (a few years ago, bare trees were all the rage. LOVED bare branches) nothing like wildlife to create a sure sensation of being human, talking about setting up conscious objectivity, hahah- us vs them.
Shongwe and Langa were accompanied by their lawyers when they arrived at court and were listed as the co-accused of Tsheounyani. All three are due back in court on July 23.
This passage is full of such great illustrations. I believe that shows how very important the scripture is. He wants us to hear what He is saying about how powerful our tongue is.
A much cheaper solar still could be made of sheet plastic tubes similar to standard garbage bag material. The tubes would be hung horizontally on a line which runs along the top of the tube. These tubes could be of any size but for ease of description I will give them sizes. A basic set up would be a two meter diameter tube twenty meters long hung along an east west direction. The side facing the sun would be transparent and the opposite side would be reflective and the bottom would be black. There would be two support lines to either side at the top to give the tube some width. The ends would be closed together. During daytime the sun would heat foul water which is introduced occasionally by hand or automatically (from a source like a toilet float-valve system) to cover the black bottom with a thin layer. The water vapor would condense on the clear side, as in the diagram above, but that is inefficient, and efficiency can be improved by drawing in fresh air through V shaped (one-way) flap-slits in the sides of the tube and venting it out into a separate condenser tube. The condenser tube is placed in the sun-shadow of the reflector of the first tube and may itself have a layer of evaporating foul-water to help cooling its outside which helps with condensing. The flow of air through the system is created by a chimney made of a black plastic tube. The chimney is placed so it is in the sunshine and heats up the air inside of it which rises and this pulls the air across the heated water in the first tube and then through the condenser tube.
Without getting into the pros and cons of Brewery Tap Contracts here, it must be said that owner and Chef Mark Mills is doing all he can to bring a range of good beer to his country clientele. In what can be described as a fruitful partnership with Lion Nathan’s Paul Mitchem, The Plough has a commercial tap arrangement with the big brewer which sees everything from Boag’s Draught and Beck’s to James Squire Pilsner and Hahn White rotating through taps that once saw just two mainstream brands poured.
The title of this post is borrowed from the 2005 film of that name, based on the book by Jennifer Weiner. The film is both funny and moving and is notable for showcasing three wonderful poems, read by one of the characters, played by Cameron Diaz. I kept thinking about my grandmother’s wedding shoes and I thought she would appreciate a touch of colour to enliven the sepia, so here’s ‘In Her Red Shoes’ especially for Gran.
~2 mins later
Candice, a.k.a.
#2: Why would I want to increase the earning ability of someone who hasn’t said two words to me in 13 years? Part of me wanted to tell her immediately that if she wants me on her team, she needs to invest some time into learning about me and then call me again in 3 months. If she can pass my “Tell Me About My Life” test, then I will sign up.
Here is a larger clue: “The upcoming United Nations environmental conference on sustainable development will consider a breathtaking array of carbon taxes, transfers of trillions of dollars from wealthy countries to poor ones, and new spending programs to guarantee that populations around the world are protected from the effects of the very programs the world organization wants to implement,” reads a Fox News story about the United Nations Conference on Sustainable Development (Rio+20) coming up in June 2012. “The main goal [snip] is to make dramatic and enormously expensive changes in the way that the world does nearly everything — or, as one of the documents puts it, ‘a fundamental shift in the way we think and act.’"
ABP International Child Recovery Service
'This' is not me. I wish that I could wake up tomorrow and feel normal -- just like I used to a year ago. Some days I just want to cry. Some days, I do. But mostly, I just wish that they'll figure out what's wrong with me and make me better.
and drink my "pure & natural, never from concentrate" orange juice.
Then this:
Anyway, cutting to the chase, Ricky Stuart got his wish; Cam Smith became the first player to be made an example of and was suspended for two games – including the Grand Final. Stuart’s Sharks were installed as favourites to defeat the battered and judiciary crippled Storm and make it through to the Grand Final. The Melbourne Storm came out and handed the Sharks – and Stuart – their own arses on a platter to the tune of a 28 to nil shellacking. Stuart came out and attacked the Storm for being ‘flips’, ‘wallys’ and other childish names after his opposite number dared to criticise the comments he had made through the week. Stuart’s team, which has waited for all of its 41 years in the comp to win a flag would have to settle for a shit sandwich yet again and the Storm got to travel to Sydney again to battle the Sea Eagles again for the 2008 title.
Whatever, they don’t respect me? Well who they fuck are they? Who gives a flying fuck. Fuck them actually, fuck them. Little shit? What does that even mean? Worthless illegal, leeches, fuck. Those ratfucks, they don’t even know what fucking state they’re in right now probably. I’m going to go to college in a month and get so fucked up and they’ll still be here blowing leaves and pulling fucking weeds out of people’s lawns. Yeah, fuck them. Even though I’m numb to any emotion in a fake, constructed environment, I sense the paranoia and inferiority swirling around.
I have been painting the wall of the porch green
“How we’es seez for stepping roun’ all hurts an’ brushkies?
Note: All stats collected from Facebook and Twitter cited in the article refer to available data as of April 30, 2012.
They would have lunch or dinner in Mr Cameron’s office in the Commons and meet senior Tory politicians.
Now, to find a way to sustain my consciousness until night time today. It’s 6:30am. Wow.
* Peachy Keen Stamps: Critter Faces, Medium
I've been too busy to work on my blog for a while, but now I'm caught up. I did manage to work on some projects this weekend and gather a wee bit of wild material. I harvested some of that stinging nettle for some cordage. I have to get moving to save some more before it dries dead. I have heard where some folks think its good stuff after a frost and its all dead looking but I have decided otherwise. I get it when its still got just a few leaves here and there and the plants are near death, though still somewhat green. I then tie the stalks together and hang them in my garage till dry enough to snap easily. Thats when I peel the outer skin off that has the fibers. When I peel them in this state I get nice long runs and a better chance of consistent cordage.What kills it here in the central valley is the lack of water and the incessant heat. I gathered some of the long dead (died in late July/early August) just recently and was really disappointed with the quality of the fiber. Heres a photo of the bundle.
Which pale green has a place in your heart?
Why am I telling you all of this? Because I think he's one of the few famous people I would really like to meet (despite my reluctance to ever speak to strangers). I have no idea what I'd say to the man. I'm not sure I have anything specific in mind. Knowing my luck, I'd be struck speechless. Still, as wishes go…
897 **D-III/29/1985. “The Regulation of Cable Television.” Program on the First Amendment and the Media, Chicago Bar Association, Chicago, Illinois. (Incorporated in Item C-1985(6), above, pp. 49-55.)
i know you liked the suprise.
Until yesterday, it was going to be preceded by four nights of comedy debates – chaired by me on the Monday/Tuesday and by Kate Copstick, doyenne of Fringe comedy critics, on the Wednesday/Thursday.
Body fat: 23.9%
"You have nothing in this world more precious than your children. When you grow old, when your hair turns white and your body grows weary, when you are prone to sit in a rocker and meditate on the things of your life, nothing will be so important as the question of how your children have turned out ... Do not trade your birthright as a mother for some bauble of passing value ... The baby you hold in your arms will grow as quickly as the sunrise and the sunset of the rushing days."
Chips and green and red salsas are all made at the restuarant.
Mustardseed.
Fr. Barcelon wrote:
Dry-embossing on the 3-d butterflies.
I mean, think about that for a second. We’re talking about a guy that may not have ever picked up a 360 controller in his life, let alone played Assassin’s Creed. Also remember that, as well known as the series is these days, Ubisoft’s advertising for the series has been incredibly vague on its sci-fi angle from day one. Unless you’ve been actively following the game in the press, you’re not likely to pick up on that angle until you actually played one of the games, and there are those who have never even picked up the first game’s box. Therefore, it is entirely possible that Beiswenger may not have learned that Assassin’s Creed‘s story revolved around a genetic memory simulator, or whatever you want to call it, until very recently.
Tragedy struck.
21st Amendment collaborated for the first time ever with Ninkasi to give us a fine English Strong Ale.
No, because it has the knock-on effect of the computer working better as a matter of practical reality.
Stop using fluoridated water and fluoridated toothpaste.
I am available as a speech writer for weddings, Bar Mitzvah’s and children's parties. Contact me via email if interested.
Wow...I am so interested in mixing the colors and making my own shade by changing the concentration of the color with intense effect.
Boil Volume: 5 gallons
Holiday Greetings to Everyone,
And, who knows, maybe somebody will figure out how to make these magic roadways show films. The face of Cary Grant, shining upward from a freeway in Montana.
Ole & Betty MacDonald Fan Club Fans,
The rain is not the best environment in which to wear Vibrams, my backup footwear. With Peanuts band aids plastered on my heels (which, by the way, didn’t stay on past the end of the block. Charlie? Lucy? Linus? Come on), I set out for the shop, a newly borrowed book in my bag.
I started work by doing a quick layout of the whole painting. Next, i painted some of the animals and named them. If I didn’t like them, I did more. Finally, when I was happy with my critters, I made a few cut outs (giraffe, zebra, rhino). This morning it started to take shape! The free hand drawing is done with Inktense pencils and sticks (excellent tools!). I have started to lay in the acrylic. It is so much fun to do! My HB Don is helping with the gesso and even a little painting.
Time for a lie-in?
Yet it is only love
We're hoping Mila is on the road to recovery!! The evening after her first antibiotic dose she slept 7 hours straight, then woke up around 3 to party with Daddy for a bit. Last night she didn't sleep so well though....fooey! She's still crying a little in her sleep and waking up a bit. But we've started seeing signs of that happy girl...you know the one we met for A DAY after returning home? Shawn and I were talking and realized we've really only seen Mila healthy and painfree ONE DAY of the entire time we've known her (and we don't even think she was completely painfree either)!!! We can't wait to see her feeling 100%...Thanks for all your sweet and encouraging comments! They mean the world to us! Please keep praying...specifically that Mila would start eating better again (not sure if the UTI is still causing her decrease in appetite or if the antibiotic is giving her a belly ache), and prayers that she would get the rest she needs! This week we have Down Syndrome Clinic appointments for both girls on Monday and then cardiology follow up in Pittsburgh on Tuesday, Early Intervention Evaluation on Wednesday, and a kidney ultrasound on Thursday....are you as tired as me just reading that?
If I am anywhere to be found
Twine from Papertrey Ink
Jade Dragon Snow Mountain (15,000′) is holy to the Naxi (“nashi”) people, whose priest lives up there, with a tourist chairlift. The Naxi, a matriarchal Chinese minority related to Tibetans, traditionally worship the spirits of rocks, rivers, and especially this mountain, which grows some 500 healing herbs, many unknown elsewhere (also: 300 different rhododendrons).
36. Monster Cereals - Count Chocula, Frankenberry & Boo Berry
It doesn't stop me from starting more though!
We bet on American workers. We bet on American ingenuity. And tonight, the American auto industry is back.
Afghanistan’s poverty, illiteracy, religious extremism and other problems were not exclusively caused after the Soviet invasion, rather it’s rooted far back.
Christine smiles, puts out her hand and I take it. We then start to walk up the path towards the top of the hill that takes prime position within this West London park.
I adore this quote. It has become my mantra of sorts, lately.
When my sister first moved to Paris from New York,
"There aren't Italians in the industry any more. Making Parmesan means long hours: you have to work weekends, holidays, every day of the year. Italians have money and the young won't do the job any more," he said.
The Miami Herald released a photo of George Zimmermans bill from the jail store.
I worked in my garage. I’m not sure why this was, but it is here we enter the bizarre world of the dreamscape. It functioned as a small office, and I have a cubicle where I filed paperwork and typed up memos. Similar to the career I had at the time, and to the cubicle. Irregardless, one day a rugged blonde fellow shows up to my workspace and informs the staff and I that the property has been purchased by him and we now will work for him. It hadn’t been revealed yet what the sinister implications of this were, but it would become apparent soon.
Unparenting also takes the form of parents failing to provide their children with information or guidance regarding what is appropriate in a given situation. The child is happily running in circles through a room for several minutes and then the parent yells at them and tells them to sit down and be quiet or leave the room. The child reaches for the last cookie on the platter only to have her hand slapped or the plate jerked out of reach. The child goes on an outing and doesn't have appropriate shoes or a jacket and gets scolded for not being prepared. What ever the situation, the child has been innocently doing something, happily engaged, or oblivious to something that others are aware of, and out of the blue they find themselves being yelled at, punished, scolded or shamed. Many times the parent was absorbed in some other activity or conversation and was ignoring their child up until the moment they noticed the child's behavior. They then notice that the child is "misbehaving" and in an instant the parent's negative attention is focused upon the child. To the child this can be scary, confusing, or just plain unfair.
" We actually hope for customers like you when we have trainees!"
If you are plus size women, you would surely curse your figure as and when the dress choices become limited. But there is no need to worry as you can help yourself if you have good dressing sense. The dress related would spring up amongst girls as the prom 2010 is nearing. And especially for plus size girls, it is actually a nerve wrecking process to pick the best prom dress that would accentuate their figure.
David plays the shofar like a musical instrument. His concert includes traditional Jewish songs such as Kol Nidre, Hatikvah and Draydl along with the classics, Summertime and Flight of the Bumble Bee. He even takes requests from the audience!
But the truth is that I need to apply myself on those Garfield days. It’s okay to take a rest sometimes to refuel, but when laziness creeps in after I’m rested up, it’s time to fight that urge and get back at it.
I am 24 and I am a mom. Most people don’t see past their preconceived notions of a young mom, to see that I am so much more. I have made many mistakes in my life but the road that finally led me here was a bumpy but happy one. My 9 month old daughter truly is the light of my life, and I can only be thankful that I made it to this point. There were many times in my young adulthood that I did not expect to see the next day. I think I often believed that there was no way I would make it to my mid 20’s let alone through another week with myself. Growing up in my shoes had its difficulties, and I quickly grew to be my own worst enemy. For many years I dabbled in drugs and bad decisions. I neglected to care about myself and the people around me. For years I used whatever drugs I could get my hands on to numb my feelings and thoughts. I didn’t want to feel, or have to think, or handle reality.
Item #: 11CPTW-SB1002
A small argument then insured, him insisting that snakes are bad and me saying if you are nice to them they will be nice to you.
REGULARS to Dominic Dimattina's cafe in Malvern East would never guess that its gregarious owner has grappled with comprehension and memory problems throughout his life.
Just to make it clear, we’re talking about a program with a facility which is modest by even lower division standards and which only has a future on the level it currently operates if it’s willing to become an even bigger punching bag than it’s already been. Idaho’s got no business being a FBS school, in other words.
JON: I totally know what you mean! I can't listen to new music while writing or music I'm not very familiar with. It's too distracting. Instead, I'll just listen to a few songs (see above) that really capture the mood or character for me, and listen to them so much that I'm almost not hearing them. I think they do influence me though, even if I'm not consciously aware of it.
Fourth Quarter: College Baseball
After we talked for a few minutes, she explained that the text asked her if she wanted to “fuck” and that she received it about 10 minutes before she called.
bears
Suddenly it’s not that straightforward is it? Ask: is what we’re doing today, and how we see things, in line with our individual philosophy on education? If it doesn’t match, then that’s not an educated equation.
.It just takes MORE time to heal, different kinds of Dr,’s and medication, new ways to find all of the broken parts. I take pictures during times of dis-regulation and bring em up later, when we are more regulated to talk about them. Ex: the Dishes being done one handed….so back to the blog post.
Yeah...that's what it's like. Kinda sorta.
Ok so this review isnt really a review. Its more of a rant, but here it goes...
On the subject of buying, Denton says, “You’ll usually end up ahead with a truck.” Actually, I shared that link on Sunday, but today I did not realize the pattern until after twelve items. I also just noticed the option to download images from Facebook. My Little Pony has a parody of a song by Katy Perry and now has a parody of Bridesmaids on billboards around Los Angeles.
Put margarine into a 3-quart casserole dish or an 8 x 11-inch pan. Put into the oven until margarine melts, about 3 minutes. Remove from the oven and pour batter into the center of the margarine. Do not stir. Spoon fruit mixture with juice evenly over the top. Again, do not stir.
Room: 3
When I finished ruffling the first tier of my first tiered skirt, I realized the final ruffle ratio was more like 4:1. As a result several of the nine tiers in that first skirt (never let it be said that I’ve shied away from complex projects!) have no gathering at all. Still, I managed to pull the skirt off and was quite thrilled with it. Here’s a pic in action. And anything beats trying to hand-gather 40m+ of fabric
Your spouse cheats on you 7 times..
It also needs remembering that for most workers, Foxconn is dramatically better than the conditions they would have faced twenty years ago. Where they would have labored in the fields, amongst lethal chemicals (with no protective gear), from dawn to dusk every single day, with little if any holiday – to earn around a tenth of what they earn today.
One of the Class A motorhomes and all of the fifth-wheel tow vehicles were powered by diesel engines.
Worldly pleasures all forsaken;
They say it is in ’luck’
All this in one of Bali’s most upscale enclaves, home to some of the island’s most elegant restaurants and cafes, shopping and a chic nightlife scene drawing international jetsetters from the world over. Dive into Bali’s rich culture, local charm and international style with Anantara’s stunning Bali resort.
pretty sure the neighbors are making love
—During the past two weeks, I've picked over 30 pounds of green and partially ripened Roma tomatoes from my six plants, which I've been letting ripen in the kitchen. The sprawling plants didn't start setting fruit until late in the season because it was too hot this summer—disappointing because this has a really bountiful harvest.
Leveling
Today's Stats
'bout their promotion of the simple life
There have been a couple of interesting developments this last week or so. First of all, I’ve been informed that mine and director Paul Campion’s next movie project together, DARK HOLLOW – an adaptation of Brian Keene’s best-selling horror novel of the same name – has officially entered the Fantasia Co-Production Market.
I moved the couches and found 3 lollipop sticks hidden behind one.
This is more like Battles than Battles. I know absolutely nothing about Nice Nice, but suspect they’ll be in my favourite-bands-list by the end of the year if this is anything to go by.
If you crave chocolate:
Walking hand-in-hand
I simply cannot wait for this! I absolutely loved the first three movies (the other straight-to-DVD movies don’t count) and I’m sure this will be just as good. All the old cast are back and it is going to be sweet! It will be interesting to see how the characters have moved on in their adult life- for example, Jim (Jason Biggs) is married to Michelle (Alyson Hannigan) and they have a two-year-old son. The film is set thirteen years after graduation so naturally the boys have drifted apart a bit but that will all change when they get together for their high school reunion. I can’t wait to hear the banter between Stifler, Jim, Oz, Finch and Kevin. American Wedding was in 2003 so I’m sure everyone will be gagging for this. I reckon it will be more of a nostalgia thing and I can’t see anybody new to the franchise being that into it. But still, I love them and I can see myself loving this too.
Symptoms: Super sharp lower back pain on my right side. If I lie in a bad position or get up too quickly, the pain is so intense that it nearly brings me to the floor. It almost seems like the baby is pressing against a nerve or some kind.
Answer: The first US Embassy was located in The Netherlands. John Adams owned a home there.
“Why extremists always focus on women remains a mystery to me,” U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said recently. “But they all seem to. It doesn’t matter what country they’re in or what religion they claim. They want to control women.” (And yet Clinton represents an administration that openly supports many of those misogynistic despots.) Attempts to control by such regimes often stem from the suspicion that without it, a woman is just a few degrees short of sexual insatiability. Observe Yusuf al-Qaradawi, the popular cleric and longtime conservative TV host on Al Jazeera who developed a stunning penchant for the Arab Spring revolutions — once they were under way, that is — undoubtedly understanding that they would eliminate the tyrants who long tormented and oppressed both him and the Muslim Brotherhood movement from which he springs.
with cockeyed pride that made him say
Why did you tell me in February that Maddy's surgery would be in 1-2 months when you wrote on her file that it would be 3 months? Did you have any intention of planning the surgery before now?
This is the only post I’ve written after the trip; I’ll be back to posting the stuff I wrote while still in Benelux after this. There are photos I haven’t included here up on Flickr but to see the rated ones you’ll have to view my photostream via this guest pass (because your mum might be cool with this, but I’d rather not find out if mine is eh).
so be sure and stop back.
Death can never, never come!
His main reason was that he couldn’t find the right help to earn the ring with his team, Cleveland Cavaliers. Although they provided a big favour in Shaquille O’Neal, apparently it wasn’t enough for him. Yet, sharp critiques came from the legends after James joining the Heat. Instead of playing with, Earvin “Magic” Johnson preferred to play against his biggest rival, Larry Bird – whom also a best friend of him – whom he faced in one National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) Finals and three NBA Finals. “There’s no way, with hindsight, I would’ve ever called up Larry, called up Magic and said, ‘Hey, look, let’s get together and play on one team,’” Jordan added. Almost everyone sees the move merely as an instant approach rather than a favour asking.
Perhaps I will eventually see the gem within the agencies. It is my hope and personal work to embrace whatever it looks like for her. To embrace this as part of her journey and part of mine.
You will be judged on earth as you are in heaven
The hood is a simple aluminum or plastic ring that slides out from the body. It is loose and tends to move around a lot on its own. The first model had an aluminum hood, while most are plastic. Very late models seem to have some sort of plastic piece on the lens barrel to lock the hood in the out position. One thing to note about the plastic hoods is that they all have "burn" marks on them. Never appearing in the same place, eahc hood has its own special scar(s) that look as of they were damaged...but all of them have the burns. I have no idea what these are from...most likely some manufacturing foibles...but what, I couldn't say. So fear not if your Pet has these marks.
so it can be used as a gift bag.
One thing that I can’t believe that I haven’t mentioned yet is music. If there is one partnership that is stronger than anything it is Music + Gym.
Its mission will be to develop, catalyze and be a global resource for innovative research, education and leading edge initiatives, drawing upon the under-utilized resources of human imagination..."to explore its sources; to weigh its consequences in human development, including in the advancement of science, literature, and the arts; to examine and predict how creativity intersects with historical moments; and to discover and encourage individuals of all nations and ages, gifted with
The Brimstone: A Range of fiery strong beers, and tempting serving women.
Now, don’t get me wrong… I love my life(most days). And I love my family(all days!!!). But, to be able to go back, and relive some of it, and maybe do a few things different… I would.
Hard to believe that it is the end of the summer. It has really gone by quickly.
- Extra-long adjustable leather strap with removable shoulder pad (drop ranges from 20″ to 24″)
As Christians, we yearn to know the will of God for our lives. We want God to use us for His glory, but we often feel confused or stuck as to what to do or which direction to take. Do we sit and wait or just dive into something and see what happens? We may pray asking God to show us what it is. Then ask the Holy Spirit to confirm it. The difficult part is we often want our own way. We make plans only to have them frustrated or fall apart.
Shadows are slowly forming under the scorching sunlight.
There’s something about a blizzard, whose winds like Shelly’s “unseen presence” does something to one’s soul in all its beauty and terror that the body and mind could never understand. Even meteorologists, so cursed with scientific understanding, with the need to measure accumulation and wind chill and visibility, even they must in those first sudden moments of that ghostly, swirling beauty, take pause, as understanding flees and the imagination soars.
Insanity is doing the same thing over and over and expecting different results.
Who chooses red as her signature color
It’s the reason to be and the strength to do.
National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA)
Some weeks can be embarrassing when you get called on and you don’t have anything to report. And it’s that feeling that helps motivate me (especially in the 24 hours before a meeting) to make sure there’s something I can say. That, and listening to what everyone else reports. If other people are being very productive, it can be motivation to make sure that you’re not the one holding the group back. And if people aren’t being productive, well, it can make you feel good if you are the only person who is.
I was a little curious how it was going to go with Bob, we didn't get along all that great when I worked there. Looking back, I am quite ready to take the blame for that. I suspect that as a brash youth, I was unable to recognize that we were very much alike and I probably should have known just to keep my mouth shut. Though much better now, that is something that I have had to work on for my entire career. Bob ended up retiring from Cal-Fire as a B.C. and still lives in town. We had a nice chat, it was good speaking with him. I wish him well.
Here are a few more challenges I've entered in with this card:
There are Killer Opening Songs that become trail-blazers in their own right. Their other-worldly nature strikes the listener as much an allegory as a melody. And tonight K.O.S. will be opening another mini-section within a section: tracks at the beginning of an album that have become either trendsetters or generational benchmarks. Some of them might feature famous guitar riffs, whereas other will boast powerful lyrics. There will be tunes whose delicate delivery will be the equivalent of venturing into a magical realm, maybe reminiscent of the Aztecs' cultural exuberance or the enchantment of the Brothers Grimm's fairy tales.
So this is what a Mary-Sue is:
Monday: You guessed it, curry sausages and rice for Jewhurst, Mexican Chipotle Chicken soup for me
It was fun. And the last positive spin? All that cold wetness made it much easier to depart on the final day. Here's to realistic expectations, and nurturing a grateful heart.
“We truly appreciate this ongoing partnership with the Cal Expo Police Chief and our fellow law enforcement agencies who all are paying special attention at large public events like this so that families and their loved ones can enjoy a carefree day at the State Fair,” said Ambroselli.
I'm starting to think they might be...
"We are encouraged that 501245 e-tags have so far been sold and distributed to regular users of this road network. It's a clear indication that people are cooperating with us," he said.
Probably the best song I could envision to deal with this whole situation: Low Five by the Sneaker Pimps. Seriously… listen to the lyrics. Ironically, the song sounds very sexy.
Caplan's main argument is that within the norms for First World, middle-class homes, nurture doesn't make a whole lot of difference to children's long-term outcomes. Parents can have an effect in the short run, but mounting evidence from identical vs. fraternal twin studies, and adoption studies, shows that over time, these effects become less and less pronounced. Parents have their biggest effect in the moment of conception. After that, there are very few effects that last. The only ones that really seem to are religious identification and political affiliation, but even there it's a shallow affinity. Devout Presbyterians who go to church twice a week might raise a child who identifies as Presbyterian, but he's not much more likely to attend services regularly than other people. The biggest effect may just be whether the child remembers the home as being happy or not.
We truly were blessed, and we're about to be blessed a second time. I trust God. I trust him with all of my heart. I look to him everywhere I go, to give me the strength to know what I'm doing, to do what I need to do.
Stearates – See Stearic Acid.
Kim and I took a short walk break though the next water station because we were both starting to flag. Another surprise sighting of my parents at mile 11 gave me a much needed energy boost but that mile felt incredibly long. I distracted myself by looking at the spectators' signs. "Gas is $4.30. Keep running. It's cheaper." read one. "You're doing Moovelous" said another held by a woman dressed in a cow suit.
Good for you, Hilary.
As well as making lots of stock at the moment, I am also reading two very inspirational and motivating books, which I would highly recommend to anyone stuck in a job they don't enjoy or just needs that extra push to of positivity;
Bean: Can I have marshmallows?
8. A grenade thrown into a kitchen in France would result in Linoleum Blownapart.
I think our decision rests in who pushed our buttons, I for one will decide what actions against my Christian faith the government can actually force on the nation and choose the party that better suits my faith.
I was out on a bike ride. (you knew that was coming, right?) I don’t think I’d gone more than a mile or so when I spotted ‘cellphone user #1′ standing next to a tree which in turn is located inches from the bike path I ride on. I noticed him immediately not so much due to what he wore or any unusual sounds coming from his general direction. No, I noticed him because he stood absolutely still, eyes transfixed on the miniature screen in his palm. The faint bluish light shining on his face showed eyes wide with wonder or some other emotion. Now let it be said, if #1 had for whatever reason decided to step out onto the bike path in front of me, I feel certain I would have easily avoided hitting him. My bike is light, very responsive, and maneuverable. He didn’t step out onto the path as I approached. He simply went on staring into his phone’s screen, never even noticing as I sped past him.
As they become more confident the use of colours and sizes increases their descriptive powers.
Friends, family + cuntry women, due to the current state of affairs as best as i understand them, which is A very fukingg little, concerning this internet mediA downloading propaganda.
Chicken Barn Heroes
On raceday, meetings were held between the drivers with the decision to announce the reformation of the GPDA (Grand Prix Drivers Association). In the wake of Ratzenberger’s accident, no-one could predict the chilling omens for raceday. The show went on with David Brabham, Ratzenberger’s devastated team-mate electing to continue for the Simtek team.
Today, our nation is falling apart at the seams. Our transportation network is crumbling, our large cities rotting. Out West, forests overgrown with brush lead to devastating mega-fires. Let’s tackle all these problems, and more. We’ll employ people — the young, those undesirable 40- & 50-somethings — who’d have no other hope of getting a job. Their paychecks will create other jobs, and we’ll fix up our nation in the process. Yes, this is government fiddling with “the market.” No, this may not force people to “take personal responsibility.” Yes, this is “socialism.” But guess what — Socialism Works.
We offer those of you who have not yet submitted papers for the conference the opportunity to do so before 31 March 2012. Abstracts of between 150-200 words are to be submitted with Reggie Nel, who acts as coordinator of the research project. His e-mail address is as follows: RWNel@unisa.ac.za. A basic criterion is that the topic chosen should be aligned to the overall theme of the conference as shown above. A total of twenty four (24) one hour slots are allocated to ETE-SAMS which means that we need to find at least twenty presenters of papers. The other four slots will be used for meetings and sessions aimed at the strengthening of ties between ETE and SAMS as well as a discussion on the cooperation between different theological institutions. You will be notified by 15 April whether your abstract has been accepted. Full papers of not more than 6000 words must be submitted by 31 May 2012. The Harvard reference technique is to be used for the writing of the paper. In dealing with migration a wide range of issues come to mind: types of migration, security, socio-economic issues, political issues, cultural issues, health, transport, poverty, unemployment, children, women, racism, sexism, classism, xenophobia, violence, religion, ecology, education , peace building, conflict resolution, identity and unity etc. Important questions in choosing a topic for your paper will be: where is Christian mission located in all of these matters in their connectedness to migration? Where is the church located? Where is theological education located in these matters in a continent where migration has become a way of life? The papers should either be aimed at problem solving or hypothesis generating.
SB: All right. I am going to ask another question, but at some point do give us more information on what the thirteenth octave represents. I know you’ve spoken about the twelve planes of human existence, but I’m not sure if the thirteenth octave represents the angelic kingdom as a whole or just another realm that we haven’t discussed above the human. But the question I want to ask you prior to that is, what does the angelic kingdom want humanity to know about itself that we don’t know?
As for the course of the story -- there's not much here. Calliope has to complete a set of tasks before she can become the new Death, and of course she's really worried about her dad and spends most of the book searching for him. No, wait, that's what you'd expect from the book. But actually, she spends more time thinking about her chances of boffing the hot guy in her office than worrying what happened to her dad. Even in her quest, she's entirely reactive. She has several people to help her along and tell her what she needs to do, and these same people bail her out when she screws up. Even when these characters get knocked out of the narrative, she still finds someone to rescue her from dire situations, including, at one point, God himself.
Grow to some Southern tree,
54th Annual EMMY Awards Famous Speech by Oprah Winfrey
★ Add text notes
Memories evolve into nightmares
The ReaderCon included a keynote speech on "prosumers" (producers who are also consumers/consumers who are also producers), panels on book clubs and book blogging, and book raffles. It felt like a party with fun people eating yummy food, sharing their love and passion for books and social media, and celebrating and promoting the reading COMMUNITY. I'd like to thank the sponsors again, and I'd most especially like to thank the head organizer and my good friend Honey de Peralta. ~^o^~
I: Iowa, Indiana, and Illinois. My dad was born in Iowa and moved to MN in HS. I lived in IL in HS. I went to college in South Bend, IN and later worked in Indianapolis. If you want to know what my college years were like, watch the movie Rudy. He was at ND and I was at the sister school St. Mary’s. Rudy, my husband, and I all graduated the same year.
Although the amendments touched on several areas which many observers feel had restricted press freedom, it remains to be seen if the media landscape will improve.
Thanks so much for stopping by. I'm sorry I haven't been around to visit anyone in the past few weeks. Don't give up on me. I'll be back with more regularity after Christmas.
Vast column inches are given over to the opinion polls, the tea leaves and crystal ball gazing by pollsters trying to determine who is ahead, and by how much, and what it could all mean for our future government. Clearly Mr Cameron has not grabbed the electoral high ground; it might all change when we have the TV debates, but then again it may not. So could Gordon Brown still be PM after the election? Yes he could, and then the country will be in real trouble. Watch then the infighting and the jockeying before the knives come out. We will be faced with a Labour party who thinks it is omnipotent, one that will contain even less experience than the current cabinet. Who will push the knife into Mr Brown should he win in a couple of months?
When he reached the royal palm tree at the top of the cliff he could hardly believe his eyes. He thought he must be having a bad dream. There was the little brown beetle sitting quietly beside the bright green and gold parrot. The big grey rat had never been so surprised in all his life. "How did you ever manage to run fast enough to get here so soon?" he asked the little brown beetle as soon as he could catch his breath.
The photos include “The Jewel on the Hill” shown above, one we’ve used repeatedly as the signature image for the facility. Each photo has a story of its own genesis, but this one in particular was a real stroke of luck and timing. I was walking home on a clear, warm spring dusk in late April, 2005, April 24 to be exact, and arrived at the bottom of Library Hill at just this moment. The sky was fading from brilliant turquoise to cobalt, the still-bare trees were etched against it in silhouette, and the grand building itself stood partially lit by the sunset but with all interior and exterior lights on, solid and stately, serving its public in its 104th year. By the time I had snapped a half dozen or so shots the light had changed completely and the moment was gone. That was part of the timing, the other part that they had only temporarily installed the foundation lighting but never used it again,a nd this was part of what gave the building that lovely definition against the dark hilltop. A few minutes earlier or later, the previous or following week, and this photo would never have existed. And it was taken with my first little point-and-shoot 2MP digital camera, I don’t know how it came out as clearly as it did!
Fine. Dismiss the poll, but something is going on and it has democrat strategist, James Carville, worried enough that he is sending a wake up call to his fellow democrats:
Miller’s cuts make Birth of a Nation seem more breathless and hysterical than it actually is. Lost in translation are the precious minutes Lillian Gish used to craft her character, Elsie Stoneman; muted, too, is the depth of the film’s set design. Miller focuses on those elements of Birth of a Nation that most matter to him, and will most impact a modern audience. But if one has not seen the source material, one might wonder how any of its white characters, unjust as they are, felt human even to one another.
And this week it seems especially appropriate. I am sending it out in particular for peace and ease to:
i just got out the measuring tape and am amazed at how big this book actually is, that i was so stupid as to think it would be convenient for the entire group to mail back and forth across this great big country: 10" x 15", with a spine six inches thick!!! but everyone was a true trooper, and the results are incredible.
The two killers finally meet on their own terms, and it's true love! As he strangles her, she is ripping a knife into his gut!!
Gregory: good god man how many people
Do we deserve this? Not at all
About the Photos
I have a lot of stuff I have questions about lately regarding blogging: When is a blog considered a place that other bloggers would want to pay to sponsor it? Should I start asking for paid sponsorship? Would they just laugh? Oy!
Tinkering with the legislation dealing with accident reportage, and reducing HSE funding, has meant that there will be a set of comforting statistics.
Carly: I dont want 6 babys in my belly at one time.
One of the oddest things that happened is that I haven’t had any downtime from Book 1 to Book 2 and now Book 3. I haven’t had any time to decompress, and it’s just downright weird.
This will clear all text and leave you with the % prompt at the top of the window.
I think I’ll call them chocolate next time.
“I have travelled all this way for nothing,” Stade said.
Fall 2009
The maniacs at OWB are just as friendly and welcoming as ever and I felt as though I’d not been away any time at all, though it's been several months since my last visit. Knowing that I’d have to get on the road after a single pint, I ordered a serving of The Prick, with its lower abv, and asked for a bomber of Eclipse to travel. The Prick is a prickly pear wheat beer that has a faint hint of sweet breakfast cereal to it – not unlike one of Leinenkugel’s beer’s, the name of which escapes me at the moment. I’m not typically a fan of wheat’s but this one is a keeper.
I think he's socially awkward but essentially sweet. Oh dear. Add sweet to sexy and that's fatal. At times, I couldn't breathe when he was around. I'm obsessed with the curve of his fingers when he's using his mouse at work. When he stands and stretches and I can see the contours of his back stretching against his shirt. Aye me! And don't get me started on the deepest blue eyes, blue eyes you see on a baby. Oh my GOD.
And quick and meaningless update:
whatever it is I love it!!
Lastly, I'd like to thank everyone who has helped me along the way to get Provex City ready for the masses. Writing can often times be a lonely job, but getting a book out to the world is a very collaborative effort. Thank you so much! Please check out Provex City--it's the start of a grand adventure, the beginning to a much bigger story--and I do hope you enjoy it. I appreciate your time in reading it and any Amazon or Goodreads reviews you're willing to post. Wink, wink.
My project features our Cutie Cat image from our 2 Cute Ink line which is ALSO designed for the marker lover in all of us! Designed to Color is definitely the right place to submit some designs and show the marker marvels how fabulous these sets are!
Among other things, Shakespeare and I share a birthday and a passion for the theatre. His plays are as diverse as the images in these paintings, and as actors we always strive to perform his rich and diverse cast of characters.
Stay tuned for updates!
Maybe Grandma made casseroles like no one else.
I said “vagina.”
Regardless, their complaints are not falling on deaf ears, but not sympathetic ears from my stand point.
— No satin dresses. No one looks good in satin dresses unless it’s from Betsey Johnson or Dolce & Gabbana, you weigh less than 130 pounds, have three pairs of Spanx on and it’s New Years Eve.
I take back what I said about the writers not being misogynists. The ONLY named female character so far who has NOT been sexualised like this is Hare, who crushes on Shu for no goddamn reason and has basically outright said that she would be sexually submissive to Shu if he asks! So yes, EVERYONE FUCKING FEMALE CHARACTER EXISTS TO SEXUALLY AROUSE MALES EITHER IN SHOW OR OUT. And no, these aren’t cases of females being allowed to have an interest in sex, because do you really think that the writers are actually capable of writing a character that interesting and realistic?!
Except none of those is really okay. They are all things I'd like to improve. And that's okay too.
Maybe you can take a cue The Spring Standards, a folk rock outfit that seems way more groovy than your regular outfit...mainly because it seems they've solved the drummer problem by splitting up the drumming between the 3 people in the band.
The killers of Patrick McCullough are well known. An investigation in 2003 by the Belfast newspaper, the Irish News, discovered their identity while noting that no-one had ever been arrested or charged. Recently, the reporter who wrote the story confirmed to me that neither the HET, nor the PSNI, had ever contacted her to discover their names. There have been no subpoenas for Patrick McCullough.
I would let you know that I've finally decided to joint the craze and read the Hunger Games. A friend told me the premise behind the story, and I saw the trailer this week and I knew it would be a story I would love. I'm off this week to buy a copy of the first book. I hope I can finish it before the movie comes out in March, but first I need to finish the book I'm halfway through. Have you read the Hunger Games yet?
Well... here's what I ended up with.
Using my Cuttlebug and the Swiss Dots embossing folder, I embossed a background for my card to give it some elegant, but simple texture. I added some beautiful crocheted Noelle lace from Really Reasonable Ribbon and framed my images with a Spellbinders die. Easy, but pretty!
The love that she denied
Grilled cheese with jam
My mother used to say exactly the opposite when I was a young girl. According to her and the other female representatives of her generation, a woman's hands were supposed to, diligently scrub, cook, dust, cradle babies, change their poopy diapers and brush off their husbands' coats on their way to work. I used to be very distressed about this gloomy perspective and I'd often rebel against my mom's ridiculous expectations when it came to my house duties.
Perfectionism – 1. any of various doctrines holding that religious, moral, social, or political perfection is attainable.
Bubbers
The first medical report, which concluded that Breivik was criminally insane, was released just before Christmas last year. This report became the target of intense media scrutiny and led to demands for a new report. This request was finally accepted on January 13, when the court appointed new medical experts and ordered a second medical assessment. The court justified its decision with the intense criticism that the first report received in the media.
Austin Sharp (1886-1956), son of Milo and Lilly Sharp.
In 2002, the chain of Vidal Sassoon salons had been sold to Regis Corporation. By 2004, it was reported that Sassoon was no longer associated with the brand that bears his name. Vidal Sassoon authored several books, including A Year of Beauty and Health co-written with his former wife, Beverly Sassoon. He also had a short-lived television series called Your New Day with Vidal Sassoon, which aired in the fall of 1980.
“I was just leaving, actually. Good night.”
VIII) Critical Interest in Kim Ki-young’s Films
As the empowerment gifts were realized in me, the Spirit opened up the Word of God in a deeper more intimate way so that I began to understand the gifts I had just received (cf., “The Key to the Kingdom”). This understanding clearly led me to the knowledge that these gifts a were part of my legacy in Christ Jesus and that they were there, not for my benefit but so that Jesus Himself could minister to the community through my person (along with others who have been likewise blessed).
In 1954 a long-time Oxford Don named Clive Staples Lewis took up a new position as the Chair of Medieval and Renaissance Literature at Cambridge University. In his first lecture in his new position Lewis told his listeners that in one important sense he was utterly unqualified to give that lecture or to hold that position. But, Lewis continued, in another sense – and a far more important one – he was eminently qualified for the task. Indeed, there wasn’t anyone more qualified.
Who likes going to the doctor?
First I would like to apologize for not visiting blogs lately. The outside landscaping work has been very tiring. In addition, I have had pain behind my eye (my prosthesis) and around my top eyelid that has been hurting me pretty bad lately. I have an appointment to see an oculoplastic physician on Monday so hopefully they can figure out what is wrong and help me out, or fix what is causing the pain. I really can't complain though, since the surgery called enucleation has lasted since I was about a month old, and I haven't had any problems up til now, almost 35 years later. I will visit your blogs soon.
Alexander Banquet (Fell 18th), Hedgehunter (Fell 30th); 2005 HEDGEHUNTER (WON); 2006 Hedgehunter (2nd); 2007 Hedgehunter (9th), Homer Wells (PU bef 22nd), Bothar Na (PU bef 29th), Livingstonebramble (UR 6th); 2008 Snowy Morning (3rd), Hedgehunter (13th); 2009 Snowy Morning (9th), Irish Invader (11th); 2010 Snowy Morning (6th), Arbor Supreme (UR 15th); The Midnight Club (6th), Dooney’s Gate (Fell 6th), Arbor Supreme (Fell 28th)
23. Jenko's Plan Derails (00:33)
“Obamacare may sound like a good deal to someone who currently isn’t covered under any health insurance in the US. But in terms of an overall improvement in outcome vs. expenditure, it could prove to be one of the single most disastrous decisions ever made on behalf of Americans. In this case, the admonition that you should be careful what you wish for because you just might get it, is a warning that can’t be made strongly enough.”
Spacious almost empty room
The Fling surpassed my expectations. I WAS expecting the felt work in my Scandinavian Rug class to be physically grueling. It was. (I am glad I did some training by making two natural fleece rugs on my own; plus all my gardening!) What I was not expecting was how easy everything else was and just how wonderful it would be to spend a week with people who all spoke felt. I also wasn't expecting to learn so much outside of class, though I should have been. I find fiber artists to be so much more willing to share and support than groups of artists in other mediums. For example, after the show and tell for Erma Yost's class I spoke with her about using some of my old woodcut blocks for printing on fabric. I have been wanting to try this for a long time, and Erma gave me many tips and showed me which paints she like to use. So through the wonderful rug class with Rod and Karoliina, visiting the other studios, show and tell nights, and conversations with so many other feltmakers I learned so much and I am filled with ideas of things I want to try.
GENEROSITY IS NEVER ACCIDENTAL BUT ALWAYS FUN. If I want my kids to be generous, then I have to give them intentional opportunities to be generous. Going to Mexico. Saving money to spend on others. It's nights like this one that provided a win in this regard for everyone. Another family in need was blessed and my kids were too. Generosity is not something I drag my kids into, it's something my family gets the joy of participating in and it can't be taught. It can only be caught. Blessing others is a joy- especially when you do it together.
No Bond Windfall
6. Bake at 400F degrees for 30 minutes, at which point, you should check for doneness. If red or pink juices are running (upon cutting into the chicken) cook some more at 350F degrees. I usually check after 15 minutes and then at 5 minute intervals.
I'm finally sewing again and much adventure is happening here with my little fam. We're moving on to a bus....which you can read about and see pics of here www.journeyersofshalom.wordpress.com and I will be having a dedicated sewing day once a week! HOORAY! I've missed delving in to my creative life.....though parenting does encourage different forms of creativity too.
NLP can be applied in all these ways but never forget that the essence of NLP is modelling. It's about the skill and attitude of unpacking the structure of what people do (the process) and discovering whatever proves useful from that.
Finish your college education now.
"Have you kept yourself clean?", "Do you refuse your husband his marital rights?", "How well can you cook African food?", "Do you curse and act unbecoming?", "Do you try to dominate the man?", "Do you press him to have sex when he is tired?" (note the inherent ineqality here - the woman is not allowed to refuse the husband his "marital rights" but must not pressure him when he is tired...), "Do you obey him?".
Several witnesses (not just Owens’ sister in the initial TV report) told me and other reporters that at least one of the attackers, a woman, said as she was leaving the scene that “This is justice for Trayvon,” referring to the nationally discussed tragedy in Florida that took a black 17-year-old’s life and led Sharpton to start his usual race-based histrionics and the New Black Panthers to put a bounty on the shooter, George Zimmerman.
Alexander Payne's 14e arrondissement is also quite interesting, and very typical of Payne's unflinching observation of lonely or emotionally troubled people. It's the story of a middle-aged American postwoman (Margo Martindale) abroad in Paris for a vacation by herself. The short is narrated in this woman's awkwardly accented, faltering French, and it's a rather heartbreaking portrait of someone who's alone in the world but doesn't give in to despair, instead finding pleasure in exploring a foreign place by herself. There are signs of that condescension and nastiness that sometimes creep into Payne's treatment of middle American characters like this, as in the cheap shot where Payne cuts to an image of a greasy fast food burger in response to the narrator's disappointment that French food isn't as good as she'd expected. Surprisingly, that's one of the only moments where Payne takes that kind of mocking oh-those-silly-Americans tone. For the most part, Payne's perspective on this character is empathetic and warm, and the short (which is wisely sequenced last in Paris je t'aime) ends with a sweet moment in which the woman looks from children playing to lovers kissing to an elderly couple talking, as though seeing the entirety of a human life spread out across the lawn of a Parisian park.
So what kind of party does a 7 year old want?? Water balloon battle of course, so Ryan and I filled 300 water balloons and we had a party at the park.
It is okay to pick your nose while driving even if you don’t have tinted windows? Do I have to care if someone sees me? Where else am I supposed to do it — during a staff meeting? What are the proper venues for the manual extraction of bodily fluids, other than locked in the handicapped stall? Or am I supposed to just let the obstructions build up in there until I get a massive infection and the whole center of my face has to be surgically removed? — P.F., in Dallas
The Grand Trine in the Earth signs is moving into exactitude at the Waning Half Moon. Time to enjoy grounding and disruption as one and the same. Mars, Jupiter and Pluto in the earth signs (Virgo, Taurus and Capricorn, respectively) ensures our focus is with the practical and mundane expression of ourselves on the earth plane. Find your center and follow it, without hesitation and doubt. This is where heaven and earth meet.
David, the producer, came up and congratulated me on being such a fine contestant. Two hours later I was on a plane back to Vegas.
* Sayid meets up with Kheamy, he is the man responsible for Sayid’s brother in the hospita. Sayid kills the two thugs and then shoots Kheamy, claiming he cannot let it go,
I also find myself eliminating the guys whose preferences lean toward "athletic/toned" and "slender", because, let's be serious, like that guy's going to want me....I DON'T DO EXERCISE....I do activities, biking (when I can get motivated), dancing, walking through the park/forest/city/acreage/ocean, working in the garden, but NOT exercising....'less of course you call cooking some kind of exercise.
I have already written extensively on the team, so let's just look at pictures.
This book sat on my shelf untouched for years. Too disturbing to read, too compelling to overlook, it was a gift and absolutely could not be sent off to the library book sale. No matter how many times I weeded my collection, it always remained. There on the shelf, with its dark mesmerizing illustrations in black and purple and virulent green.
Interface
Overall, I’m spending less money then I budgeted for before the big Aliyah move. My big preplanned expense was going to be LASIK.
13 min: Early dysfunctions in the Cissé-Ba tandem: the latter put the former through with a flick-on, but Cissé then botched his return pass, sending it harmlessy wide.
"I think there was a study once about how 60% of the girls in America lost their virginity solely by watching David Bowie in this movie." - Movie review by The Nostalgia Chick
In skimming through the book, I’m a bit overwhelmed by how extensive of a collection it is. Big props and kudos to Mr. Moores for his work and dedication in putting this thing together!! His critical introduction to the subject was in itself poetic and illuminating. It really sets the stage for readers of the collection as it closely examines the histories and deep impacts of the ecstatic experience as well as societies and cultures reaction to, or dismissal of such experiences throughout the ages. Honestly, it’s times like these that i wish i had more of the writer’s gift, so that i could better covey just how brilliant the introduction is. I was so impressed by it, and feel that the introduction alone makes this book a must read.
and we took emerie to different open houses.
In many ways, despite the new name, the PlayStation Vita is another revision of the Sony PSP legacy with plenty of much needed evolution on top.
There are myriad examples of this. The London media’s views at various times on Polish immigrants, race issues, EU membership, AV, the Coalition, David Laws, Vince Cable, the NHS and the economic situation have been shown to be hopelessly out of touch with what decent people feel. But this doesn’t alter the fact that governments today – and especially this one – care only about how things will play in the media, not the Medway towns.
In a crowd so large you wouldn’t notice that one of them people has PKD, yet even in a room so small, people do not see.
It's been a busy couple of weeks and I'm still drowning in responsibilities. Please forgive me.
Urban Decay Naked Palette, more specifically...
Psalm 104:15, “….and oil to make his face shine.”
Putrajaya has moved to soothe relations with news organisations following the aftermath of the Bersih 3.0 rally, where the police were accused of injuring at least a dozen journalists.
Contact me if you want to work together on your space!!
But I'm not sitting here writing to make anyone laugh, I'm writing because it is my Monday morning, and on waking this morning for those first few conscience minutes I told myself it was going to be a good day. The start of a new week, nothing to fear but fear itself. This is my standard peep talk each morning, and this morning I thought it was working.
And last but not least. Whats-a do in the patio garden these days, as I discovered a little something that should not be around this time of year!
It’s cute and all but hardly admissible in a court of law because who’s to say Se Na isn’t being framed and that’s another envelope altogether?
We ended the evening by running into my teacher friend Maria. Hi Maria! We actually bumped into her multiple times throughout the night. And getting Skinny Dip, the yogurt, not the activity.
“You cant have your parcel without a docket”
Six months have gone by without incident but the minute we walked in the door, the location of the gum was apparent. The extraction couldn't have come at a worse time, she had been up all afternoon with no nap and she was begging me to put her to bed. Thankfully, she was easily lured in with pizza and a cartoon.
With gifts from from us to others actually chosen with thought and care, though mainly shipped by amazon, nestled under other people's trees. Although the photo books I made well advance for shipment to the Grandparents mysteriously disappeared, leaving me digging though ever more bizarre places (my company's dry cleaning closet being the most recent) as I began to believe I had only imagined that I had ever even seen them. They finally appeared last night as we packed the car, in a hidey hole beneath the extra set of back seats. They will not be arriving until the new year.
If your whiskey monger still has any 101° proof Wild Turkey Rye left, buy it. Campari America promises it will come back next year but what they don't say is that it will probably have a new label and a new, higher price when it does. In the meantime, try the new 81° proof Wild Turkey Rye, conveniently priced the same as 101° in most places.
As I expect some of the well-known names in the Korean indie music participate this year. Those who participated last year like No Reply, 10cm, Okdal, Joa Band, Zitten, and Monni. Well, this year line up is very tempting (again) for me since it includes The Black Skirt, Sister’s Barbershop, Autumn Vacation, Brocolli, you too? and my favorite female soloist, Park Ji Yoon! I am also looking forward to The Koxx (analogue set), Sugyumo Acacia Band, and Hi Mr. Memory. Well, looks like I just really want to see them all. Check the pics and other stuff in Facebook here.
(Excuse for baking number 24c!)
Inequalities have worsened alarmingly while corporate predators like Wal-Mart make an aggressive push into China and India. The gap between India’s richest and poorest states is nearly three-and-a-half times. As a result of government policies, there have been dramatic rises in the prices of hybrid seeds and fertilizers. In a country where 60 percent of the population is directly or indirectly dependent on agriculture, more than 200000 farmers in debt have committed suicide in the last 15 years. And the number continues to rise.
He stopped.
Age: 45 million years
And for an update on using Annie Salone's Chalk Paint
As such, they rally around the issue of how billionaire investor Warren Buffett is taxed compared to his secretary. They claim that the federal tax code is so infiltrated by the influences of the affluent that Buffett’s secretary Debbie Bosanek pays more than Buffett does, and they demand that Congress take action to resolve the discrepancy.
Cooke's view of blog reviews is clear from the title: Deliver Us From these Latter-Day Pooters.
It's really simple. If you write it and publish it, great. If you copy it and repurpose it, say so. It's not rocket science, it's called manners.
In a book about the power of abundance, one big problem is all that is missing. There is no mention of climate change – as a problem to be solved or as source of innovation (although it’s assumed in the focus put on energy as a key part of the equation). This is particularly astonishing since climate change is a great example of the exponential and combinatory forces that the authors are trying to explain. Just not in a good way. It's not so much a discussion of climate change, per se, that is missing in the book. What is missing is real engagement with and refutation of counter examples or arguments to the picture the authors draw. Having showed us, early on, why we're biased against this way of thinking they then proceed to either ignore or dismiss out of hand (e.g. anti-GMO advocates are simply "foolish") anything that doesn't fit their model. Ultimately, this approach weakens their argument.
This sweet little girl who responds to the sound of my voice. I want to hold onto her forever and never let her go.
Hey All You Beautiful People!
Stop out for our opening day and enjoy Cinco de Mayo at the market. Bob Montelone will be preforming during the day. Little sprouts will be back for the kids to enjoy while you are shopping. El Nibble Nook will be doing a cooking demo. Plus there will be plants, food, art work and more. While you are at the market, start looking for a gift for your Mother, something grown or handmade in Michigan. The weather for Saturday will be great and good times will be had by all. See you all tomorrow.
Each day is another wave of the unexpected, another surge of new information. It baffles, it confounds. I go to bed each night cursing my inability to fix everything.
“It’s designed to help people who are coming out of Gaza to other places. Before now they had to go 400, 500 kilometres (250, 300 miles) to the nearest airport,” Albad said.
In March 2011, employees asked MikLin Enteprises to provide paid sick leave and change the policy; the company refused. After that refusal, the flyers were posted. Two days later, six employees who posted the flyers were fired.
Remove from the oven and take off foil. Set aside to cool.
he's coloured with distress ink-reinkers and for the stars near his hand I just had some right sized rhinestone stars, the tiny ones I filled in with star dust glitter glue,
Quantum of Solace: Hmm...what can I say about Daniel Craig? Hot, muscely, hot, good actor, hot, looks good in a tux, hot, and HOT! Oh, right...the movie! Typical James Bond flick. Good plot, lots of action, Bond wooing the ladies, and more action. This is one of my favorite Bond films of all time! If you haven't seen it, you need to. And I'm not just saying that because it's got Daniel Craig. But he is hot!
10. Children’s section Before online gaming, there was Ceefax’s children’s section. Despite its basic nature, it had a huge following and it was free. However, the cult quiz game Bamboozle, was actually not available via Ceefax – despite people misremembering its host. It was indeed a Teletext game. Similarly holiday adverts and cinema listings were also Teletext features.
Upon receipt of the clubroom remodel recommendation, the board may or may not take action. The board may decide to modify the ACC recommendation or they may decide to start the project anew seeking different professional resources for a new solution/bid/design of their choosing.
What I did miss was a proper, old-fashioned bar-cum-lounge area for mingling and chilling between creators and punters. A food court in a huge corridor surrounded by legions of be-leotarded zumba instructors just doesn’t cut it.
Knowing and loving you made us all winners...
We never saw each other again. I cried on the train going home, because I felt so disgusted with myself. My mum thought I was over at my friend’s house the whole time.’ It would be easy to assume that such a degrading experience would put Becky off internet ‘dating’ for ever.
So, I'm going to stay positive here and share the videos/pics from this morning. This is all in God's hands and out of our control. Boom Boom and Pow are little rockstars! I was laughing and beast crying at the same time in the videos, so please forgive the shaking. Poor Andy was crying too. It was the most awesome experience ever! I couldn't even look at first...as soon as she stuck the dildo cam in I heard her say, "There's a heartbeat!" I opened my eyes and looked at the screen and saw the little heart fluttering away! She then moved to another position and sure enough there was another baby with a heartbeat! So flippin' cool!
I came across this the other day ...
Florian: There were two times when a polar bear came close to our camp and he knew we were there. His eyes had a different expression and we had to fire a flare gun into the air. Then he came back and that was really scary. We had to shoot the flare gun again. And one of the other really scary things that happened was when I almost fell through the sea ice without a dry suit on. I was so focused on shooting pictures of these birds that I didn’t realize it how fragile the ice was. Later on I broke out in a cold sweat after I realized what a risk I took.
Something extraordinarily vibrant is happening at the V&A right now. The pillars of the main atrium zing out with colour to celebrate: British Design 1948 – 2012. The exhibition traces the 64 years from when London first hosted the Olympic Games after the Second World War, until the present when Britain hosts the games once more – a celebration of design innovation in a modern age.
I deal with some people who are not Christians out of simple ignorance or because, hearing the Gospel, it simply seems too good to be true and they dismiss it. However, there are others, far more than it might seem on the surface, who indeed grasp the general framework of the Gospel but decline to receive it, precisely as Jesus says here. Repentance is a huge wall for those who haven’t done it, but once done, in retrospect it looks almost insignificant compared to the magnificence of God’s grace and love. There are two factors blocking repentance. One is a love of evil deeds, and the other is pride. We hate to admit we were wrong, and that is the very foundation of repentance. Men in particular tend to be this way, as in the classical example of a man driving around for hours rather than admitting he’s lost, but women can be this way too. The problem is, unless we’re lined up with God, we’re wrong by definition. When Jesus began His ministry He started by echoing John the Baptist: “The kingdom of God is near. Repent and believe the good news.” (Mark 1:15) The commitment to believe involves repenting of unbelief, because as Jesus said in the verse before this one, unbelief brings condemnation.
The world record for most goals ever scored (in a professional top division and international) goes to Arthur Friedenreich, a Brazilian who recorded 1,329 goals. He scored an average of a goal in every international game he played–the equivalent of a baseball player’s hitting a home run in every World Series game over 15 years.
Last month I wrote about a new restaurant called Sushi Hiroba and some of the Korean dishes they offered. Since then I have gone back to eat their amazing bi-bim-bap again, as well as some of their different sushi rolls from the Japanese side of their menu. As someone who was only introduced to sushi a few years ago, I can be confident in telling you that I am no expert in sushi. However, all of the rolls that I have ordered at Sushi Hiroba have been very delicious and satisfying.
Bella and Ana Sofia got the two older boy's room and I got Samuel and Benjamin's old room. At first I didn't like the whole idea of not sleeping with my sister's. I had been sleeping with a "room mate" for over 7 years! If any of y'all share a room you know how comforting it is to hear the sweet sound of little girl(s) sleeping in the beds next to yours. Anyhow... it felt just plain weird! I have finally gotten used to it... my room has become my place for dreaming, reading, writing and crafting. I really have come to enjoy it but I do miss my old room.
for there's no other way
But most of the time it is near impossible to be anywhere near the early entrants due to dealers who arrive with tons of 'pickers' and take up all the first numbers, and they get the best things before you ever have a chance.
Monday - BBQ tuna steaks, sweet potato fries, salad and mango mayonnaise (We already had this and it was delish!)
So many people get it. And that is very encouraging.
Anyone who knows me knows how I feel about animals, specifically dogs. I have pretty strong beliefs when it comes to adopting dogs rather than contributing to puppy mills and breeders. I try not to preach because everyone has to do what's best for them but I do stand firm on my opinions. We adopted our Osborne from Gateway Pet Guardians here in St. Louis. He was rescued on the streets of East St. Louis and they literally saved his life. I will forever be supportive of this organization and indebted to them for the sweet boy they allowed to live and become an important member of our family. You can read all about the life of our beloved Ozzy Cash here, here, here or here.
“I hope so.”
My garden….sigh. You don’t even know.
If I start to look around, there are many religions trying to guide our path to the ultimate goal: EVOLUTION. So is evolution the essence of life and evolution towards what? I think the answer is quite simple, the final goal of evolution is being one with the Creator. I mean is so simple it seems impossible to be accepted by our twisted minds. We always try to find different and various complex reasons for our presence here sometimes so ridiculous it makes me laugh; one good example is that I often hear people saying: “We are just flesh and when we die then that is the end, there is nothing after!” That will be very sad, so sad that is ridiculous!!! I mean so much effort for what? Its make no sense for me to reason like that.
The overriding issue is the difficulties created by Article 59 of the United Nations Law of the Sea (UNCLOS). After establishing the 200-mile rule in Article 57, Article 56 lapses into the sort of limp legalese most laypeople find so frustrating.
I have studied the Bible cover to cover and I absolutely do not find in there where these people get this. Instead, I find a Sovereign God who works out his sovereign plan according to his perfect will and there is resurrection coming followed by judgment.
An extractive economy occurs when all benefit goes to the rich, without any corresponding value for the rest of society. Such a scheme always worsens equality, which has broad negative effects on the entire country, rich and poor alike. The influence peddling and purchase of legislators and legislation by the rich for their own benefit over the past three decades has sharply reduced the quality of our democracy and the degree of equality we experience.
46. Jack Ketch & The Crowmen - Mass Ignorance Culture
Later in the day trip, we picked up some shoes and purses and a little something for my friend's bridal shower at a cute boutique/consignment shop closer to the crop (who turned out being a sponsor of one of the basket raffle prizes!). We totally found the place by chance, and I was super happy to find it. I scored a used Vera Wang purse (which was half off the already on sale price), 2 pairs of shoes- black velvet flats and maryjane style platforms, as well as a little something for my friend's bridal shower.
Hunt bonus! Although that this practice is not necessarily well seen by all the world is one of the basic tricks to enlarge your bankroll. The idea is to register on several rooms of Poker such as Pacific Poker, Full Tilt Poker and Cake Poker and enjoy the welcome bonus. Then just unblock them playing enough then withdraw your bankroll to spend on another site. Sometimes the bonus will be deducted from your rake back but this is very interesting.
The following is a review of some key figures in this history of dissent and defiance. Some of these nuns have faded from view and others are still quite visible.
1000x1000mm 1200x700mm
I am so happy with my results that I want to tell the world about this new service.
I think having everything color coded just made following this plan so much easier.
Kiva: pleasant and downright charming of a lass! Sometimes I forget she’s six foot nothing and able to crush my skull! Kord, now there’s a god I can get behind. Bravery and mercy, exactly what this Guild stands for, I don’t think my great granddad would have had it any other way. She’s the muscle and I’m thinking the moral center of her compatriots. I think she’ll have my vote unless she does something unspeakable like beheading folk…
What does your inner child enjoy? Do you devote some time every week, or even every day, to give it the attention it craves? Give it a go and notice the difference it makes in your life!
So this means I need to beef up my stock and that means SHOPPING! Off to JoAnn's I went. I started with my pillowcase dress because those are my best sellers. I got some pretty good deals on the fabrics and I just love what I got. There are already a few of the new designs up at the shop and the rest are soon to follow.
now playing: the avett brothers
I've thought about changing my name. I like Katherine because it sounds regal and absolute, but my middle name is la-hame. It really puts the rectal in rectify, you know what I'm sayin'? Am I right, ladies??!
Dear Heavenly Father! I thank You for my successful television stations and cable networks, in Jesus Christ Name I give thanks! Amen!
Now check out the DT creations.... all lovely places I would like to be.
They do deliver, but it's £6.50 delivery per box (or you can get up to 6 boxes delivered for the same price, but I have nowhere to store 6 boxes...or even 3 boxes because my house is so tiny!).
As a former circus ape, I know what it’s like to be on the receiving end of hero-worship. Most of my fan letters were from flighty young maidens who wanted me to rescue them from the evils of man. “Carry me off to your tree-house” was a common request. I got this type of attention because I’m a gorilla. Celebrity chimpanzees attract busty ladies who want to mother them with cuddles and fresh fruit. We apes cater for all the human fetishes.
Now, whenever I bring this stuff up, which isn’t too often, I get that flat stare and am told to leave it be and stop making waves. When I ask the non-wave makers if the Bible is literally true and they say yes, but still do not want to deal with this math.
As to what I shall be blogging about, likely on a weekly basis: I’ve signed up for a half-marathon! That’s right, the girl with CFS is going to run 13.1 miles in October. I’m actually really excited about it. It gives me a goal to work towards and kicks my butt in gear with running. I just started this week, so here’s an update on what’s going on.
5. The Apocalypse Bakery - another firm favourite of the Curio girls – the Apocalypse Baker tempers her apocalyptic dreams with cake. And she also blogs about life, books, craft, creativity etc. And amazing cake. Did we mention the amazing cake?
Wolf Craigs is by far the best match for Woolf-hole-craig and is probably the location where the Cairnhill preaching took place.
Arrivals
We then decorated some wooden squash (at least it looked like that to me) for the center piece. The Daughter used a sponge and she had the choice between 4 fall colors. At first to tabbed it than she decided to smear the paint instead. I kinda took control and went back over some of it to make it look a little more unified. I couldn't help myself. I couldn't stop her with all of them, she was able to put some purple on one of them.
Different games can have different goals. A few of the possible goals include:
10) 1 bulb of Garlic and Hard Boil Eggs (optional, some vegetarian don't take these)
*Jon Hamm made his directorial debut with this episode and, he must have done a good job, because I didn’t even notice until reading about it after seeing the episode.
But I did a little something today! With the impending arrival of our second child, I've found myself needing to return to the images of the arrival of our first child. I started playing around with some images from that time and thought I'd share what I came up with.
Even if I didn't pick up.
I’ve added 2 additional ingredients, using a leek as an aromatic green accent and a pear to further intensify the sweetness of the roasted vegetables. My favorites are red Anjou pears, and they add a wonderful fruitiness amidst the earthy flavors of the root vegetables and fragrant rosemary.
When Cayla was diagnosed with cerebral palsy I searched for information everywhere and wanted to know as much as possible. After a while I realised that there was a lot of general information and that every child is so different to another. Even the ones with the same diagnose. For example, a girl that I met through the centre (TCCP) has a daughter with left hemiplegia just like Cayla but she hasn’t got any problems with her speech. On the other hand she has got epilepsy which Cayla hasn’t. I really wanted to meet someone with an older child with hemiplegia to see how that child was doing today but I now know that it doesn’t really matter since they are all so different.
Quanah Parker is also buried at Ft. Sill. However, unlike Geronimo, his grave is at the center of the fort, not several miles west across I-44. Parker was the last of the Comanche chiefs to surrender--his mother was a captured white woman who was adopted into the tribe. Parker went on hunting trips with Theodore Roosevelt, and was one of the founders of the Native American Church, a blending of the peyote religion and Christianity.
"But each of us was given grace according to the measure of Christ’s gift. Therefore it is said,
In my mind, the lacunae of a person’s life are breathing room spaces, like the white space on the pages of a book. As a reader, this is one of the reasons why I’m particular about publishing choices for a hard copy of a novel; if the page itself seems chaotic from a visual perspective, I will choose another book. Text without any spacing (either between words, lines, or paragraphs) runs together and either becomes nonsensical or too intense to comprehend. (There’s a reason why double-spacing is standard for essay-writing.) That’s how I feel when I have many things going on and not enough time to think or reflect about any of them. In those periods of time, it gets hard to tell what’s important and hard to discern meaning when there is little to no “spacing” between happenings. So in that way lacunae become necessary and important instead of random.
Trying to spread its gospel
When Erik went to Haiti this past July, he found that if you want to be the closest that you possibly can be to Christ on earth - than try doing missions in a place that is much like Haiti.
So, after a lot of hmm'ing and ha'ing I came up with this canvas. The brief: have the words "Life isn't about waiting for the storm to pass, it is about learning to dance in the rain" and for it not to be too girly as it was a wedding present.
The men claimed they were police officers.
I do not know why women need all that men have. For women, among other things, there are men.
It took my a while to work through my issues this week. Sorry it took so long to share with you. I was just in a bad place.
1. Wall paint: Chelsea Gray (HC-168); Benjamin Moore.
Well, this is it for me for today, my girls have their last day of school tomorrow. They will be home for the next three weeks. We are in a year round school district and they are already on their Fall Break...goodness...time just flies.
This is a large 8x8 card and is destined for a very special friend, I hope she'll like it. I'm entering it into CraftyHazelNut's Christmas Challenge where they are asking us to 'make a scene'
*These are not my photos. Click the photo for the sources.
Now I have to get back to the story. I hope the weather is good where you are.
1-1/2 cups granulated sugar
“Having a form of godliness, but denying the power thereof; from such turn away.”
"Some guy called Steve Hayden," she said to me.
I like the smell of Parma Violets, I used to wear the type of oil used in burners, as I couldn't find it in perfume form. I like the smell of dog's paws, too.
Louboutin provided the models, the heels and Lynch did what he does best and really tha outcome…well theres no way to describe it. Lynch always leaves you with this uncertain feeling on how to feel and this doesnt dissapoint.
. . . he still has not had a hair cut. daddy and i finally find the courage. after one too many days of his shaggy mop having a life of its own, we decide -- ok, it's time. but then we chicken out. but, at 22 months, it's time. it's finally time. while enjoying a mini-getaway the other night, just mommy and daddy, i actually almost cried at the thought of cutting your hair. and it's not like we're planning on cutting it short. just a trim. just a "contain-the-curls" cut. i'm thinking cool shaggy frat boy style as opposed to its current bozo the clown state. while we were sitting on the couch, watching an episode of dino dan last night, i examined each and every curl, trying to decide which ones to snip for myself. i think the big day is going to be this sunday . . . unless i wake up, run my fingers through your orange curls and can't go through with it again.
Last time it took six years for the side effects to be this bad. I’ve done it in less than one.
This giveaway will close on May 16th, 2012 @ midnight (eastern time).
If they did their cries certainly were not loud enough to be heard over that fuss about Salman Rushdie's little novella which most of them seemed to consider far more important
Each year I look forward to finding out who is in the Super Bowl, though I don't watch any other games, JUST so I can figure out what kind of food I will get to make (as I make my spread match the cities of the playing teams). This year it is pizza dip (as well as a few other New Yorkish Dips from the same site) and Lobster Rolls (made with 2 sad little lobster tails 'cause they were on sale and we needed to budget for the month) and Shrimp Skewers.
5, Place a large skillet on the stove on medium high heat, add olive oil, and when hot place patties. Flip the burger when golden brown, about 3 to 4 minutes and cook the other side the same.
I will try to take some more pics of our meals this week and get you some more healthy recipe ideas! Happy cooking!
Please keep my GF and her family in your thoughts and prayers. Thanks so much for visiting ~ hope you have a wonderful day! Be Sweet :)
Green Revolution Radio! With the addition of some great music and lots of laughs, the Garden Guys discuss the latest products, methods and ideas for "green living" in an effort to make the world in which we share safer for present and future generations. Join the fun Sunday mornings
He invited me to take a chair and then excused himself to get fresh lemonade and cookies. The parlor was filled with books and clocks. Alfred had an obsession with clocks: on the table I saw numerous clocks in various states of repair. When he had returned he had given me a photocopy of a piece by Paul Valéry’s in which Valéry discussed “the given line” (une ligne donnée), which is defined as “the line that is ‘given’ to the poet by God, or by nature, or by a muse, or by some power outside himself,” and I listened to Alfred talk briefly about the importance of revision. This conversation in turn led to the two of us to talk about poetry.
The Mormon population descended from the original settlers has declined dramatically over the years with many from the younger generation leaving because of security concerns or for better jobs north of the border.
I sat quietly.
1 can pineapples, chunks, drained
Saturday morning was the Eggstravaganza at our church. It started at 10am. I finished sewing the girls bunny shirts at 10:01. (And never sewed the eye buttons on them. Oh well.)
A carnivorous beast has set upon me.
Life has taught me a couple things:
Oh, no! I didn't notice the book about wolves has a picture of horses on it. But that's okay. I don't want to read about horses anyway.
It's made of metal, I believe the very heavy stand is painted iron. A brown cloth covers the mannequin portion and the size can be changed by loosening and tightening the wing nuts inside the form. A painted label on the metal neck announces that it's a Hall Borchert Dressform Company made in Hoboken, New Jersey. The form is an Empress 1. There is a paper label with dates beginning in August 1903 and ending in 1915. Seems to fit. The style of the dress form looks very Gibson Girl.
Paul was given my name through a mutual friend. When he approached me with his idea for a series of prints that would somehow represent a dialogue between Che Guevara and Abe Lincoln, I was intrigued. And as usual, since I always enjoy new creative challenges, I said I’d give it a go.
To participate in the WEBINAR mode, it is also very IMPORTANT that you run the Wizard
I turned to see one young man, doing banking on his cell phone. He was transferring money over to someone else and it became apparent that he was transferring $10.00 over to the guy, sitting right across the table from him to pay him back for the lunch sandwich and coffees they were eating.
Replacement for JavaScript (Dart), same language for both client and server side (Naxe, Opa, Zimbu)
Linkin Park Numb US
The Eventide PitchFactor (right) has become an essential part of the Kroak sound, providing a range of pitch-shifting and pitched delay effects. This digital sorcerer received a super-special modification that the Light-Mesh reserves for electrical inventions of the highest order. It was enhanced with a battery-cluster removed from the hem of the robe of the Bulb-eyed Wizard, and has the hearts of two Fear-Farmers installed in the enclosure between the relay-switching pedals. I’m afraid I can provide no further details on the power-up properties of this pedal, as it would violate my emotional contract with the Light-Mesh. The contract is up for renewal in the Summer, and very much, I still want in.
… and that cutting is where the beauty is closest…
My Score: 8.4
Thanks to all those Bitches who rallied ‘round when my blog and my comments disappeared in June. Thank you for supporting the “Free MJ!’ campaign as led by Eroswings. You came together as a community and your solidarity was a force to be reckoned with. I’ll never forget your valiant crusade to restore my blog and later, my missing comments.
First there are the big ones like the Social Security Administration and the Driver’s License Bureau. Then it is the bank, credit cards, doctors, dentist, car, bills, work, auto signatures for all e-mail accounts including the one on my phone…
As leaves fall from the trees, winds start to pick up, and temperatures begin to drop, it becomes all too clear that a frosty winter is on its way. If you plan to get married during the approaching chilly months, don’t worry…there are plenty of ways to incorporate warm thoughts into your wedding day! One of the easiest ways to add a cozy, warm ambience to your celebration is through the use of candles. Candles bring a romantic glow to any environment, as they mimic the sensation of sitting by a roaring fire. Take this warm feeling even further and remind your guests of their summers by the shore, with beach-themed candle wedding favors!
The plan is I'll talk for about 30 to 40 minutes but the rest of the we'll work on getting you a real Twitter account, so you can jump in. Honestly, even though the concept is basic, I find that people learn best when they're in it.
For my brother to have that realization lets me know that maybe he has come to terms with the selfishness in my mother.
Bad driver tactics: Taking advantage of the warthogs high speed, but going at a pace that won’t allow the gunner to get good kills, and will likely have the whole hog barrel rolling when you make a hard turn. Attempting to splatter at only medium speed. Staying in one place too long.
Today I think I might have one too many pictures. We had a really nice day; not only was the weather wonderful but we went to the Tulip Festival in Woodburn, OR! It is so beautiful and all the colors always bring a smile to my face.
If you hate winter and the cold winds, Nelson is the place to be. Plenty of sunshine year round.
Shelly
In the meantime, I wish you all a wonderful end-of-2009 and many great things in 2010.
As my little girl entered the world with her own views of how things would play out, my list went out the window! Breastfeeding was a breeze; that was until my milk dried up at 5 weeks, so out came the formula. I do not feel bad that I formula fed little miss for the first 11 out of 12 months of her life, although I have armed myself with loads of supply-increasing recipes just incase I’m faced with this next time.
To find out who won on each of these sites - yes, that's right, a set is being given away from comments on all four sites.....go to the COPICOZ BLOG, where you will find a complete list of winners!!!!
(e) The share of the receipts, or the guarantee, shall be paid, in cash, on the day of the match, unless any agreement is made to the contrary.”
Literal def: Eating words
"Uhhhhm … Okay lang."
“That is the correct answer, dearest”, said the girl’s father. “The same thing those stars are made of you too are made of,”
Then I noticed my cat. She looked spooked. This is her regular face half of the time. But what I wanted to know–and believe me, I tried to get it out of her–was whether she was scared because she’d heard the noise, too, or because she had actually been the cause of the noise.
She stopped with her hand mid-way to her mouth. Blood pooled on her palm, black in the low light.
"It has been a fantastic season, arguably the best of all the 20 Premier League seasons, and the clubs deserve huge credit for the quality of football on show throughout 2011/12.
Tae Moo starts wiping away traces of his fingerprints on the boat and looks for Tae Yong’s phone – because it contains evidence and memories of today’s meeting – and throws it into the water. Then he dives and swims away. Seriously? How far could that be?
The little mermaid sighed, and looked sorrowfully
Some things twinge and some don't. Tulips of extraordinary beauty in my office. They opened over the weekend. I think of making something: but I'm so tired, and there's a constant babble all around me. All I want is the stabilization of touch. I forget everything else: some things I forget on purpose, and others by accident, but I forget pretty much everything. A few frozen pictures, that's all.
Here are some of the things I am eager about:
As for the timing, PM Lee said he will take into account all relevant factors, including the well-being of Hougang residents, issues on the national agenda, as well as the international backdrop which affects Singapore’s prosperity and security which prompted a question from WP Chairman Sylvia Lim:
I thank all my clients who do fathom and appreciate this about me - it sounds selfish, but you understand that it is a part of me that makes ME better. And as a result, it makes JSP BETTER. And because of that, it makes our photos SO MUCH BETTER. To me? that is a win-win :) Because you understand that, I want to give you nothing but my very very very best. You have been blessings from God because you have given me the allowance, grace, and time for me to really 'see' :)
This has to be one of the easiest cards I've ever made. The yellow paper is Bazzill and the patterned paper is from a Girl Scouts paper stack by K & Company. My image is on Neenah and colored with Copics. I layered and centered the image, cut out some flowers from my paper and pop-dotted them in the corners, then I added some Star Dust Stickles to the confetti and the centers of each flower. Voila! Cuteness!! Honestly, it doesn't get much easier than that. The paper was rather busy in itself so I really wanted to keep the design rather simple. I do hope you like it!
So I've seen the exact same Sigmar Polke & some palace interior photos that I saw two years ago.
4. Now blend all the contents of the pan to a fine paste.
The document suggests a significant inconsistency between market-rate and affordable units. In Tower 2, for example, the market-rate rentals—studios, 1 BR, 2 BR, and 3 BR—all would rent at $51.62/sf. The middle-income affordable rentals would range from $34.93/sf for the 3 BR to $55.83 for the studios.
I chose the shorter route again, remaining on Old County Road instead of hitting the hill in Round Bay. I was surprised that three others also chose this easier route. Brian and Mike C blew past me on the hill, and there was another rider on my wheel, but I couldn’t tell who it was in my quick glances in my rear view mirror. By the time I hit the effective top of the hill on Old County, Mike was about 50 yards ahead of me and I resolved to close the gap. I reeled him in, and noted that as I did so, the rider behind me fell further behind. Mike and I finished out Old County and hit the trail again, where we both kicked up the pace once again. I was amazed that I could do that, since my heart rate had spiked to the limit trying to catch him earlier. Crossing Joyce Lane, we commented that a fast sprint would allow us to stay ahead of the rest, so we kicked it up again. As Mike flagged, I passed him and drove the pace up above 25 mph for a time. By the time we got to the southern end of the trail, the others were still not in sight. I glanced at my Garmin and noted that for the morning to that point, I had 18.5 mph average. Soon, Chip arrived saying he was trying to catch us, but on the fixie he couldn’t bridge the gap. The others arrived a minute or two later.
be a Mystery Reader
Heat oil in a vessel and fry the onions till golden color , then add curry leaves , Bay leaf and black stone flower , green chilly sauté for some time and then add the marinated chicken let the chicken change its color slightly then add tomatoes along with Red chilly powder, salt, turmeric sauté for some time . let chicken get mixed with all the dry ingredients well then add the ground paste and sauté for some time until everything coats well with masala .
There have been many hints and allegations that there might be more of a push from within the state Board of Elementary and Secondary Education to make entire K-12 schools virtual. Good for the students? It's probably only good for the state's coffers.
…yes…
What I love about the characters in this manga is not any individual character, but the ensemble as a whole and their interactions. All of the characters contribute to this atmosphere that demonstrates the many strengths and weaknesses of humanity – their willingness to elevate someone as a hero one day, and denounce them as a danger to society the next. Even in a society not under the threat of giant titans, isn’t this a phenomenon we deal with every day?
But let’s just say that socialist is just a label. And you know how much modern liberals hate labels! So instead of the hateful label of socialist, let’s take a look at what their platform says! They ran on 25 concise points. Once again, let’s go to the source of all absolute correct knowledge in the world! WIKIPEDIA!!! http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/National_Socialist_Program
I was two weeks into my last year of high school. I had the coolest, hippiest friends in the world, and I finally, FINALLY had a boyfriend.
I won’t even get started with the case with Abu Ghraib. And yet, they still say they were just following orders; and that they are doing their jobs because they’re protecting us from terrorists (Abu Ghriab has been turned over to the Afghani government, and ‘those’ who were found guilty of torture and other inhumane acts have been punished… whatever that means).
d) A man who ran a hotdog stand on the pier in Portland, Maine used to come through my line. He would always discuss his hotdog stand and encourage me to “come visit him for lunch some day.” What would he buy? Hotdogs, buns, mustard, ketchup, etc. How would he pay for it? Food stamps. Either that man really likes hotdogs, or the state is paying for his business. Not okay.
4. When the potatoes are golden and getting mushy, add them into the bowl of eggs. Scramble it all together until it looks like a yolky mush. Yum! Important: remove most of the oil from the pan leaving maybe 10% of what you used to fry or let me put it this way, just enough keep the pan lubed up. Graphic, I know. Then, dump the yolky mixture into the pan and lower the heat to medium.
Rest of the World - £2.50"
deliberately calculated to make the movement appear to be larger than it
In his fantastic essay on David Lynch, David Foster Wallace describes the scene in “Blue Velvet” where Dennis Hopper turns around in the seat of his car to look directly at the captive Kyle McLaughlin and, staring directly into the camera (at “us”), says, “You’re like me”, as possibly the most uncomfortable moment of his film-going history. Like a cinematic gaper’s delay, as viewers, we can’t look away – it’s in our nature, and slightly sickening to realize that. “The Vanishing” isn’t as explicitly voyeuristic as “Blue Velvet”, but that same feeling is at play here, as we watch with detached fascination as Rex gets closer and closer to the truth, all the way to the shattering finale.
I think that the body of an animal is even more susceptible for homeopathic remedies than the human body because an animal does not have to fight with its own intelligence where brainwash tells him that this cannot work as in humans.
Check back tomorrow for a card I made with one of the 2 Hambo digital stamps I bought.
Place a small cube of butter in the bottom of the muffin tins.
When the deal was at last in place, I had expected to feel great joy and a desire to crow to the world of my success. Instead, I felt great relief, and very self conscious about crowing, because I didn’t want to crush anyone who was still waiting for their chance to crow.
I loved training and running the NYC marathon last year. I loved the excitement of having such a big project ahead of me and I loved giving Hal Higdon a run of my schedule. I basked in the sweet tyranny of early mornings and enforced soberness combined with the weekend night camaraderie of twit-runners preparing for long runs.
Burridge took on the reigning Southampton League champions in the cup quarter finals with something of a personnel crisis on their hands.
13. And her tits are also poisonous.
After a while, the artificial insemination man arrives and knocks on the front door.
Also, I might get to another room of the house -- maybe the master bedroom, or the basement family room. We'll see...
After that it will continue its eastward path, coming closest to the Earth on October 20. However, after the 12th the moon starts to come into play during prime time and for the next two weeks it will dominate the evening sky, its light making the comet and other faint objects more difficult to see. That’s why the first two weeks of the month are best for this event, but of course the comet can be found later and will continue to be a fairly easy telescope object right through November, though at that point it starts to favor Southern Hemisphere observers. By November it’s down below Orion moving towards Canis Minor and so isn’t high enough to see until around midnight. Still, it should be fun to look at it November 4th at the same time the comet is on NASA’s “candid camera.” For a more detailed chart for finding it on other dates, go here.
Broadway Danny Rose
-Write about the giveaway on your own blog
So without further ado:
The beers from Einstok brewery have the slogan Drink, Conquer, Repeat which sounds a little aggressive for a country annexed by Operation Fork. Anymore of that talk and we'll launch Operation Spoon I thought, but on looking closer I see they don't want to conquer so they can pillage, but to leave things better. Which is nice.
Nothing is definitely a book that asks far more questions than it answers. It's not an easy, comfortable read but one to make you squirm or cover your eyes in horror. A very dark book but one I'd wholeheartedly recommend for teens looking for something beyond entertainment in their reading.
Here in Nottingham, the peregrines’ presence will have a minimal impact upon local breeding bird populations as peregrines have large territories and travel over a large area to hunt. The birds are foraging well away from the town centre. In fact many of the species caught are northern UK or even migrant Scandinavian breeding birds caught as they migrate north along the River Trent.
I am going to achieve my short term goals;
Anyhow, this year our spontaneity led us to be stuck on a heavily jammed roadside, in the bitter cold, watching the spectacular Burj display its array of fireworks. It was truly an experience, watching it live after all these years. So, I’d say it was worth it. Well, we always knew that Dubai was known for its vehicles, but last night was a nightmare. There were a billion cars stopped on the highway watching the firework show and once it was over, the usual 30 mins drive took us until 2am to get home! Once home, we set out the table, said our New year prayers and had the “compulsory” meal at TWO AM. Yes, that was a ridiculous moment for me ( since I normally don’t eat after 7pm). Well that said and done, we were off to bed but out of habit, I had to sit online, surf a bit when I finally could take it no more I thought I’d hit the sack, but it struck 12 in England and A called up at 4am local time. We were in conversation until 6am and hence, I write this post sleep deprived.
Enjoy :)
Are you naked in front of your children, or do you cover up? How many years can you be naked before it becomes inappropriate? Forever, who cares? How long did your own parents walk around starkers? When I was in middle school, my friend's dad came downstairs in his tighty whiteys to get something out of the laundry; I was mortified! But I'm still happy to change clothes in front of my mom, like if we're in a store dressing room or at home.
73) I used to be very in to Ren Faire. That's the Renaissance Faire, for you tourists. I dressed as a respectable peasant-type. Peasants have more fun, as we can sit on the grass and show more cleavage than the middle- and upper-classes. Cleavage is something I have a lot of, and I would put it to good use at Faire. I can just set my plate on top of it when I'm eating, and it's useful for me to take a nap on, too. Huzzah!
John Lackey: "How long is the season? I think it's 500 games. Feels like a million. We start in April, and finish the world series at around... shit, I've pitched in the world series; I think it was around Christmas. It had to be around Christmas because people were dressed in funny costumes in the stands. Whatever, I was drunk."
The following two beers, however, trace their roots back much further: with recipes originating in BCE times.
On Friday, I brought out one of my halters as per my plan, just to let her check it out and see what her reaction was going to be to it. She was largely unfussed until I moved it towards her face for her to see - then she reacted violently and shot backwards as hard and fast as she could. She of course had her other halter on, and was connected to me by her leadrope, so she didn't go far, but it was an interesting reaction. She could not have reacted more violently had I stuck a cattle prod up her nose. This isn't her just being unsure of the halter... this is her having a triggered memory and responding accordingly. Following this, she did let me rub on her face with my hand without fuss, so it will be interesting to see how this develops. I'm thinking a bit of clicker training would do her some good!
Jack’s cousin misses him terribly.
Laymon Yokely - Baltimore Black Sox
Each one of us has their own “state of the union” so far as the economy is concerned. Much of the workforce receives a paycheck, but many of those jobs have ceased to exist. Other jobs involve contract services. A reported 10% of the workforce is unemployed and the likelihood is that the actual percentage is much higher.
Who are the other Titanic novelists involved?
lack of awarness is merely the result of the intention to hide the repeat & therefore the stability of the starting point
Good morning to you! Today you are in for a mega treat. We are venturing a bit off course, today is not interior design related but it is fashion and I do love my fashion and beauty just like any other girl. My friend, the lovely and elegant glamorous Marsha, who has an appetite for the good life recently launched her fabulous online store (www.splenderosa.com) with all kinds of amazingly beautiful baubles (best part they are SOOOOO reasonable) You won't believe it!
If you are choosing to cycle after a long time, here’s a guide on choosing the kind of cycle that’s ideal for your purpose.
The end of the cold war and the problems of “satellite state” politics in the region were major contributory factors in greater feasibility; another was the actual realization amongst basin states that in order to manage the river in the future, greater joint development of the resource would have to take place under a broader cooperative framework. The drought experience in a key part of the basin during the 1980s helped to form this perception.
The 8th Doctor also had several novels that helped solidify his character even if they were off screen.
Man, it was crazy…. but hilariously fun.
Smash your chains. Be free!
Alpha Protocol is one of those rare games that after I finished I found myself thinking on in the days afterwards. Pondering my choices and the fact that on more than one occasion my actions led to the death of a character. That to me is the sign of a great game experience – regardless of whether the controls are off or that the enemy AI isn’t that great. In giving the game a rating I can’t forget those problems but I can most certainly forgive them.
sugar in a mixing bowl to form a crumbly dough. Press the dough over the
Shamanism is fundamentally about direct, personal experience, and the interpretations we make concerning the things we see directly and personally, remain a personal judgment for each one who seeks such experiences. That implies that there can never be a structure of belief imposed on shamanism. It simply doesn’t work that way. This essential freedom to experience and self-interpret is also why shamanism is feared by those who would control others. I believe that justifiable fear is the reason for the initial establishment of our orthodox power-centralized religions.
Before Dennis Kucinich decided to run in the Democratic primary he lost back in March, there were rumors he’d run in Washington state instead. With a little more than a month left until the filing date in Washington, there is speculation he may run for Congress there.
Comments closed because this is a bit silly.
Marlene looked at her quizzically.
Reading is like my favourite thing ever. P.S. Anyone got any book recommendations?
cry also being the last..for there
Commercials and advertising would be an opportunity for growth too: only $3.6b was spent on advertisements and commercials in Spanish, where the whole US market is worth more than $80b. Let alone the rest of the world.
As soon as we arrived Oded announced we were going to Smalls in Greenwich Village to read our poetry! Fortunately he had copies of my collection, Cutting Pomegranate, in his loft. Smalls is one of the oldest venues for jazz and poetry in New York and they loved my English accent!
So much for doing and saying, and if i’m unable to help you,
Perhaps it’s the assumption of intimacy that is bothering me. The ease with which people will take offense, lash out, or diminish another’s reputation or point of view. In real life, it’s simple to avoid toxic people. We just avoid them. Remember the ranking system? On Twitter, you simply can’t without being mean.
It is thus well established that violence against women puts health and lives at risk.
I have so much to look forward to. I can look forward to my next creative endeavor here on earth as well as what lies ahead in Heaven.
Or why not make some delicious Mango & Tomato Chutney to go with it. This recipe is really easy, it is a great accompaniment with any curry dish and it also makes fantastic homemade presents for people..
And we can only hope as our bodies decay, our minds will glow ever brighter. =)
Yes, the blog will stay up cause I'm pretty proud of what we did here. And by "we" I don't mean just me and Killer Yapp, I mean you too. You sent me questions, trusted me to snark your work, made "crapometer" an industry term and most of all, you gave me perspective on what it's like to be on the other side of the slush pile.
One thing I built specifically into NGR was its ability to work well in a sci-fi game, and I have my own "mud and despair" sci-fi universe I like to putter around in.
publicly follow my blog to enter, leave your email address in your comment if it's not visible on your blogger profile, contiguous US only, no PO Boxes, leave a separate comment for each entry you complete, giveaway ends 5/6/12 at 7 PM EST)
We chowed down on some McD's.
Welcome to my blog where I will post about my artwork & progress, music findings(mainly: VK, Jrock/Jpop, etc), my fashion interests, my latest purchases, rantings, and just everyday posts.”
So, if you want more peeks behind the proverbial curtain, I highly recommend checking out all these incredible blogs participating today. Some of them really go there, and are a lot more brave than yours truly. Not an easy task, trust me....
Royal Canoe is back with an EP (out Feb 21, I believe), one which makes me imagine a tour with Vampire Weekend might go over well, or heck, even a series of gigs with My Morning Jacket (Holding on to Black Metal, anyone?).
Mom - You had an epidural all 3 times. Not the same.
Next I want to share with you some of the layouts I have been creating lately. This first one is using some Brand New GCD Studios papers that came all the way from CHA. I have a lot of fun creating this layout, there is so much depth to it.
Spray the top of the flautas lightly with cooking spray. Bake for 8-10 minutes, then turn over and bake an additional 8-10 minutes until crispy. Serve with salsa and light sour cream.
2 cloves garlic, chopped
Photo By: Martin Cathrae/ flickr.com
Given las Herreras' prominence in the world of style, it's no surprise that shopping, whether for fashion or flowers, is a bit of an obsession for the designer and her daughters. Calzados Lobo, a store that has stood near Plaza Mayor for more than a century, is where the Herrera women stock up on the traditional handmade espadrilles (they start at around $8 a pair) that found favor with the Paris Opéra, which ordered dozens of Lobo shoes for a production of Carmen. The shop is about half the size of a one-car garage; its open shelves are crammed with boxes, and dozens of customers stand elbow-to-elbow clutching wait-your-turn numbers. "When I was a child in Caracas, we wore espadrilles all the time," Patricia says.
There have been a lot of changes here at casa Sunshine and Lemonade. Madalyn is about to graduate from 5th grade. Katie about to graduate from middle school. And we are in our last year of homeschooling her. (I know - that should be a story unto itself)
The principle of people-as-boss should always retain its authority and primacy over governance. If people are the boss, then the boss is served, not governed.
If the large carriers can get EOBRs and speed limiter regulations through, they think that this will stop drivers leaving for greener pastures. Billy Woolsey, President of Midwest Compliance Inc., states in a letter to the editor to Transport Topics about EOBRs, “But all that information carries a price because drivers are likely to favor carriers without e-logging devices. That creates additional problems for small fleets competing for drivers in a marketplace now being reshaped by the government’s new Compliance, Safety, Accountability safety-management program(CSA)… it is glaringly obvious that this is really about politics, not safety…not to mention fueling an incorrect but widely held belief that the agency (DOT) wants to put smaller carriers out of business.”
Michelle and I are out to dinner in Florida with a good friend of Michelle's. I nonchalantly say that we are going out on the boat and his face falls. He has known Michelle for a long time and he says "I have never seen that boat out of the garage!" and then proceeds to congratulate me on getting Michelle's dad to use the boat. I quickly correct him and say "I deserve none of the credit. This is all an example in the power of the grandchild!"
He also asked whether the Swiss government had been approached by Malaysian law enforcement agencies on the matter and whether Switzerland would also be willing to provide legal assistance to Malaysia.
“Or we can issue insults and demands and ultimatums at each another, withdraw to our partisan corners, and achieve nothing,” he said. “Well, we know the right thing to do. And we know what the American people expect us to do.”… – ABC News, 7-23-11
The absolute ideal would be if these services would rip your out-of-print CDs and add them to your virtual library so you never had to switch between two players to hear all your music.
For a realistic sci-fi novel with just enough drama to keep you turning pages, look no further. This was a mind-opening, very interesting and imaginative read!
A Sweet November Stamp
*Almonds (toasted)
You see, true holiness is not in a man or a woman who hold a certain position in a church. Its not in long dresses, certain hairdos or don’ts. But the true beauty of God’s holiness is found in;
She made me burlap pillow with our last name on it.
Jimmy Cliff - The Harder They Come - 1972
Nah! Was dead long before I was born,
33I tremble too, where'er my own I find,
Next, you need to make a conscious decision about what kind of frying fat you intend to use. Schmaltz, or rendered chicken fat, will lend a poultry and strong savory flavor to the Matzo Brei — this is usually chosen for “Meat” meals if you are keeping Kosher. Vegetable Oil will keep the meal “Pareve” or neutral and it doesn’t lend extra flavor to the Brei. Butter, which we will be using here, is going to lend a rich dairy taste to the meal and is chosen for “Dairy” Kosher meals.
“Did you hear what happened to Thatcher’s Creek down the path?” Kesta asks.
Beer, a refined drink in the same way as wine, must be stored away from the light; it must be maintained at a temperature between 10° and 15°C (46° and 56° F); it hould be served at this same temperature and in its special glass; one should taste the sediment of the beer separately.
"documents for publication that are prohibited by governments worldwide, in particular material on freedom of expression, privacy, cryptology, dual-use technologies, national security, intelligence, and secret governance—open, secret and classified documents—but not limited to those". It's not just military stuff that gets the hush-hush treatment. Here's an entry dated 19 April 2012 relating to "Secrecy for Economically Significant Patents". The document emanates from the United States Patent and Trademark Office and is titled "Notice of Request for Comments on the Feasibility of Placing Economically Significant Patents Under a Secrecy Order and the Need to Review Criteria Used in Determining Secrecy Orders Related to National Security". It's just twelve sides long and you can read it in full here. The IPKat is particularly fascinated by the bit that goes like this:
gonna re-post an old Big Blog last week, but, I figured, instead,
The season is supposed to be winding down, but a couple of sprinters that didn't have the success they had hoped for in Berlin seem to be trying to make a point lately.
So, the Video Game Awards 2011 is over and like the shows in the past, the event was covered in new trailers from sequels to new ip’s. It is kind of strange that this event has become the no. 1 place to reveal new games, but this year holds no difference; a lot of new and exclusive game trailers were shown and of course the winners of each category were announced.
Oviedo they'll never take
planet — you will not be missed – either as a target or as a thought.
(Pixinguinha, João de Barro)
Tats tomorrow or Friday!!!
On the right side, we put in a Gorilla Rack workbench we had found on sale which provided a fairly solid four-foot wide by two-foot deep work surface for cleaning, maintenance, and gunsmith-type work. We put in some shelving to keep all the NRA course and 4H Shooting Sports materials, records, and information organized. In the back, we installed some large, wall-to-wall shelves to hold larger items such as gun cases and that keeps us from banging our brains on the hip-roof. We keep the guns in our gun safes.
We are on holiday in an area on the East Coast of South Africa called the Wild Coast. This region is famous not only for it's breathtaking natural beauty, but for its unpredictable and treacherous ocean. There are several natural landmarks that you may have heard of (eg Hole-in-the-Wall), but one of the aspects to the Wild Coast that I found fascinating, are the number of shipwrecks off its coast, including some famous ones.
Keep America Beautiful follows a practical approach that unites citizens, businesses and government to find solutions that advance our core issues of preventing litter, reducing waste, and beautifying communities.
Walking Man Mystery #1 -- IIPA, very good
When the pool of teardrops are in the corner of my eye, welling up with nowhere to go, it’s the thing that pushes one drop over the edge and onto my cheek, causing all the rest to overflow. It’s the thing that made me walk into the street without looking both ways. It’s the emotion that makes me come home and watch television alone so I don’t have to address the pit in my stomach that carries the weight of an infinite ancestral line of ache.
with CIEDS Collective, India,the Gender Equity Support Unit, University of the Western Cape, South Africa;Kenya Debt Relief Network; Kenya
Enter stir into the boiling broth.
He rolls his shoulders and rubs the back of his neck; then, he walks quickly over to his locked closet and opens it with a small brass key. I’ll just deal with this last one; then, I’ll resign from this damm place…, get back to my research. Too old for this kind of frustration. Ah…, she’s a conniving lovely lady, he thought.
And the joy we share as we tarry there,
In November of 1995, I was still in Cote d’Ivoire, pregnant with my first child, who was due at the end of that month. I was in love with my life and my family and my new country. I cannot describe the devastation and sense of disbelief I physically felt when I heard on Nov. 10, 1995 that the Ken Saro-Wiwa was hanged by the Nigerian government with the complicity of Shell Oil.
He even has a song with it.
I never thought that I would have to go through confinement. It is where you and I are confined at home for 30 days – this is so that I will recover from pregnancy. There are extreme rules about confinement, thankfully your grandma did not impose them on me! In some culture, one is not allowed to shower or wash hair – can you imagine that? I would smell SO badly, but thankfully I took a shower straight after you were born and washed my hair the next day. Another thing about confinement is confinement food! My goodness! I will be happy to never ever see another chicken and ginger soup! Yes – even you have been eating that! I bet you are ready for something different also! Pork perhaps?
I’m now making headway into that pile of books on the shelves in my bedroom. Plus there are all the films – reruns of old cheesy ones and those that have now been around long enough to make it to the small screen – the ones I would have liked to see at the cinema. The Other Boleyn Girl is one such example .Of course, I’ve had to rewatch Miracle on 34th Street and The Railway Children.
"It's just a one time thing..."
"Yes." He gasped. She reached forward, entangling her hand in his shoulder length hair. Pulling his neck back, she thrust harder. "That's my bitch. Take it you slut." Kathryn giggled.
sure to leave a little space between the dumplings to prevent them from sticking to each other.
At my school, after studying Pioneer times, 2nd grade has a day where they celebrate the Pioneer life of long ago. The children are dressed in period costumes and have fun experiencing Pioneer times. One of our grandmothers dresses the part and tells "stories" of her travels West. After her stories, she plays her autoharp and the children dance. This is Jules dancing with one of our parent volunteers. I don't have favorite students, instead I have a whole school (250 students) of favorites. Jules is special, she loves art and I love her!
I thought I would just catch up, by putting instagram pictures up!!
Just when it feels safe to relax after the massive Christmas preparations and meal, New Year's Eve arrives!
Ska sometimes falls into a common trap for ambitious craft brewers: beers that are too big, too much, too flavorful. Looking back at the few Ska beers that seemed to miss the mark, it's been one ingredient that dominated the taste: too much Scotch in the barrel-aged Scotch ale, too much lemongrass in 2010's DIFF, too much hops in Ska Sour.
I’m sure many of you will have been in the position where you order a pint in an unfamiliar pub, and it comes out just borderline hazy, with a thin, scummy head, and a glass that is warm to the touch, and you just know before a drop passes your lips that it’s going to be crap. Clarity doesn’t guarantee a good pint, but for the general run of British ales, a lack of it is a sure sign of a poor one.
Back in February, BHS put out an open call for people who wanted to share their memories of Ebbets, and the students conducted interviews to be recorded for the oral history archive, some of which will be available at listening stations in the exhibit. Some students were amazed to learn about the dedication of the fans.
No doubt, following the FBC expose, Putrajaya ended its RM96 million contract with FBC, which Najib began in 2009. But FBC is not the only media scandal. In his vanity and thirst to be larger than life, Najib had signed on other public relation strategists including the Zionist-backed APCO Worldwide to polish his personal image.
Also possibly related: that sweater.
My godiva solid shampoo… Hmm. I don’t hate it, I like the smell now but it doesn’t last. My hair is a whole lot fluffier when I use this but like I said, I need to get conditioner to use with it. I’m on the fence with this one. It doesn’t blow my mind, the only thing about it that comes close to blowing my mind is the fact that its a solid bar and smells like jasmine (my old house had a chain link fencing lining the front yard that was covered in jasmine bushes). Again, not the worst but not the best.
Thursday March 15 – Show Open – 5pm to 8:30pm
Articles: Approx. 250 a year. We keep about 60.
For more on the Drug War in Mexico, please see:
Forever Filled
Following the heels of my 75K AA post, I booked a ticket to Guatemala City. Told you it was legit! What otherwise would have cost me $1,300-1,400 on Kayak came out to be $105 with 70K points.
The Clinton Street shop very likely closed some years before then.
and my most recent favorite....
I always liked "Idea, Dream, Mission, Wish, Vision, whatever you want to call them" boards, and have at times had them on the wall in my room. And although it makes them visible, sometimes it just doesn't allow for some decorating styles... I have tried putting my favorite pics in albums but it just doesn't work for me, to not have them right where I can see them... ( like to "see" my "stuff"...I like open shelves or glass front cabs for that reason).
His unconditional love does not need proved.
Not so neither; but if I had wit enough to get out of this wood, I have enough to serve my own turn.
Title: Pure
Fashion is beauty, and that is what I write about. This is not a fashion blog but a blog about the things that make life worth living. It's never easy, sometimes it hurts so much you feel as if your going to fall apart, but that's the way it has to be. Without that pain we would never be able to know what it's like to be happy, and without the prosaic and banal we would never be able to know fashion.
You are going to follow the same steps from the Yarn Ball Hanging Lamp Post, but we will stop at the light kit.
Well, the weekend is over! I had a great one! However, this entry has taken me much longer to get out. I burned my hand severely while cooking. The skin on my pinky finger is peeling off! I can hear the kids now...EWWWWWW..."Mrs. M, that reminds me of this movie..." (A totally gross, inappropriate one, I'm sure!). It took me two hours to do my lesson plans!! II have to type 20 words, put ice bag on hand, type 20 words, put ice on hand... You get the idea. But Spring Break is only a week away, the proverbial "light at the end of the tunnel"! Yay!
14. Flowers - Armand van Helden / 9:39
Hope you're all staying warm. There is snow on the ground in 49 states (Florida being the only hold-out). Even Hawaii has it!! Pretty cool.
My favorite part is the neighbor: “She was a little ditsy but didn’t seem like the type . . . always smiling.”
Here is installment two of my soil-less seed start project.
They buy too much; takes things for free;
Anthony Alvarado, 31, New York, N.Y.
Yesterday, I showed you how I cleaned out our "junk drawer" which then inspired me to deep clean our countertops. I admit to getting anxious when our counters get too cluttered and my OCD side takes over and just clears everything off to start fresh. I wipe all the surfaces down really well and only put back the minimum to keep the kitchen looking clean and simple. Ahhh, I can breathe again:)
of the men who put it there.
So, we’re supposed to accept Jesus. Anyone who fails to meet this simple criterion will be destined instead for an eternity of… well, something less desirable, be it Hell, or the somewhat more vanilla terminus of Purgatory, or something else which, however you look at it, doesn’t equate to an infinite reward. Well, that sounds simple enough, doesn’t it? Hardly seems like God’s asking for a whole lot, just that you “accept him into your heart” and pray for his blessing. And think of all the things he’s done for you lately, what with creating the Universe and bringing you into existence and everything. You can’t do him this one little favour? You wretched ingrate.
She emailed later to say that while Top Gun was atrocious in French, "the volleyball scene did not get lost in translation."
And then maybe their children will never call another child ugly simply because they do not match the ideal of white beauty.
Entries from last time - Maybe You're Right, Hating You For Christmas and With Or Without You - are still in the running, so for the people who submitted them (you know who you are), no need to resubmit.
You got that right son……
make lots of memories
P.S. I'm almost done Nathanael's birth story. Just want to add a couple of pictures yet.
Sudhir Kakkar and Bhikhu Parekh have also tried to understand and explain Gandhi’s sexuality and his experiments with brahamcharya; the former providing a psychoanalytic frame and the later seeking to draw our attention to the relationship between spiritual potency and political power.
but picturing him hooked up to tubes and needles again crushed me.
For my Easter Card today I am teaching my self to Emboss I watch youtube videos and I am trying to learn.
And everything is what I got. In ways I never could have expected, of course, which is the beautiful thing about going into something with no expectations. I did learn about my independence, my strength, my excellent communication skills despite my abysmal French, my confidence, my beauty (thanks to the guy in the Louvre who complimented me and then magically disappeared, leaving me stunned and teary-eyed in front of a Michaelangelo). And, strangely, I learned even more about my freedom.
Hope your weekend is going well for ya (:)
taking a moment to visit.
Fry the bacon over medium heat until nearly crisp but still bendable. Remove bacon from pan and cut into 1 inch pieces. Leave bacon fat in the pan. (Bacon drippings, after all, are "America's olive oil!")
Best of all are the boisterous get-togethers at the house when my other sisters join us - baby sister P and her husband (and occasionally, her stepkids), and eldest sib M, who can be counted on to bring abundant good eats, from pizza to sushi, for whatever the occasion. One such recent illustrious event (ahem) was my birthday, which Mr. Noodle and I had already celebrated a few days before in New Mexico. But how could I possibly disappoint my lovely siblings by turning down a small fête in my honor, especially when it involves cupcakes?
I guess I’ll meet you on the parallel
Well, here it is....the week we been dreading for 2 weeks. Or 5 weeks? Dada left home at 2 am Sunday morning to go camp out in Guam's jungles to play/practice war for a BIG inspection. The base has prepped for this inspection for MONTHS. If this inspection fails....well, then the General gets fired. Dada will not be home until Friday.
The perfect layout is all that I need
YT: “hello hotline” “how you doin’ girl?” “fine thank you” “so I got some terrorist infor…”
My Mr. is going to have another surgery thingy in the morning. They had to call in an electrician or something like that and She says they are gonna shock each heart chamber to try and get him some rhythm. Please keep him in yer pawreyers for a bit more?
Technology will make access to the teaching and to teachers even easier than today. We’ve seen how Facebook makes teachers very accessible. Google+ may take that accessibility to another level since it’ll be easy to get together on video. The separation between teacher and student will continue to narrow.
Very cozy digs. Since I was the first person there (I'm prompt, so sue me), I took a seat right in the middle of the room. Gave me a nice view and I like being in the center.
Swimming the creek... freezing!
So, a few points on understanding syncretism in a polytheistic context, and from a polytheistic perspective, before we proceed on to the next section of this discussion:
Meals are an invitation to share good fortune
As the paper is written clearly, I’ll quote a bit from it rather than paraphrase it. Here’s the authors’ rationale:
Excuse me, I have five pages. May I use the Xerox machine because I have to make some copies?
- Weight Loss, like everyone in the first world I’m looking to loose weight. More specific, I want to loose 25 lbs and I’m thinking of loosing them over the year, it averages at 2 lbs. a month. This I hope will also fulfill another resolution… being active.
I watch and smile as Moon drinks his beer. Keith Moon sees me and shakes his head and winks -
I have had very little free time on my hands during the time I have been running this site, and my circumstances won't be changing any time soon. For the past year I have been putting in close to 75 hours a week between working and going to school full time, running this site and my regular music blog, and trying to maintain some resemblance of a personal life. All of this has proven to be too much for me to handle, and I have finally decided to stop being so stubborn and accept the inevitable. Whenever I tackle anything in life I try to do it to the best of my ability, and it has become increasingly obvious that I've been doing a piss-poor job of running this site as of late. I have tried to prevent the site from becoming obsolete, but there are a number of other sites which are doing what I do, and doing a much better job of it.
Row 17-18- sc in each (70)
After spending lots of time playing around with the ideas I had, I can now say I settled on the photo of the lady wearing a scarf and with an space background but a lot different from the third example in the previous article.
Someone asked me recently to write a post about how to develop a thicker skin as a freelancer. I started one a few times and then gave up. It's not like there's a secret cream you can use - "thicker skin in minutes, fight the seven signs of rejection". Unfortunately, as with most things, the rhinoceros hide is something that develops over time. With practice.
Think about all the tasks you have to perform at work. Many of them are repetitive actions you could do with our eyes closed. However, many of them require a level of attention and concentration higher than usual. It is important to know when to block out distraction and focus on the task at hand.
Catherine’s thoughts: I can’t even go to a movie by myself, I’m not strong enough. Damn it, I’m going to die a spinster. A cat lady, with three cats and considering a fourth. And I will probably die from an asthma attack because I am so allergic.
the Klan represented: torchlight parades, strange rituals, lynchings.
Peter Christopher Frank, 29, New York, N.Y.
Mr. Joseph Mabuza, spokesman for the department of safety and security confirmed the incident.
The point that most interested me about this book, however, was the way that Gauntlett, as a professor of media studies, is interested in people making media and mediating making. It’s all very popular culture orientated, with some nods to domestic life. The hand crafting of pharmaceuticals, for example, doesn’t get much of a look in. I wondered if this would have brought something else to the debate.
I can honestly say that I hadn't really thought much about repatriation. Of course it's always been on the cards, we are due (at this current time) to return to our Derby home in June 2012. Occasionally we have had chats about whether we want to stay on here; for an extra year, for a few extra years, for....ever....and while I practically get a funny shiver at the thought of staying anywhere forever, the prospect of another year seems nice, and another couple of years? Well, maybe, that would be ok too. But equally, I feel, or thought I felt, fine about going 'home' in June.
HartalMSM has got the DBP publishing standards, and it is clear that based on those criteria, Interlok should not have been approved – but it was. NIAT has shown that Interlok does not meet the Education Ministry’s textbook selection criteria, but yet it was approved.
There were bars on the window. Bethany’s mother said they were to keep the world out. Bethany had no father to refute or repeat this. He was in the world, although Bethany had never spotted him through her telescope.
High employee morale has been one of the measures of a highly productive organisation. As a human resource professional, in the quest for achieving high employee morale, it is necessary that you are well-tuned into the pulse of the organisation to sense workplace pessimism. Pessimism about the work place usually manifests due to loss of confidence in the management or the product line of the business, or disproportionate work–life balance.
*Labor saving method: To prepare pan: Line the pan with aluminum foil and then spray with a butter flavored spray such as Crisco butter flavored no-stick spray. When the brownies have cooled pull them out by lifting up the aluminum foil. Put them on a cutting board and cut them there. I love to cook, but I'm not too fond of cleaning up afterward.
Then if you post about my giveaway on your blog, come back and post a third comment.
♥ Silver Award Level Receiving (Primary PCI) Hospitals
Details guarding the line.)
Once we got the all clear that there was no infection her IV came out and we got to go home the next day. Driving out of the hospital parking lot with Julia in her car seat and Brian driving the car I started to cry. I was so happy. I never thought the day would come when we would be able to take a baby home with us. Brian cried too. It was one of those moments that I will never forget.
“Um, well… no I don’t have one written down.”
I never even got a thank you.
even when that meant being slandered.
Corporates has also taken opportunity to introduce new products, give out product samples, increase brand awareness and even increase sales for their product during the 4 days event.
She will receive a gift certificate for $25 from Amazon.com and her poem will be featured on the Rondeau Roundup Blog on February 8.
So the next time you sense one of these moods, go with the flow.Allow yourself to be crabby, take some me-time and have an extra cup of coffee and I bet before the day ends, you won’t remember why you were crabby about it the first place!
Please plan to participate and register! By registering, you show the Greater Washington region is participating and our kids are arriving at school ready to learn by bicycling to school!
the red cave beckons.
Salt- 250 to 300 gms
I logged in. A message popped up, telling me that it had a 100% match for me. I read his profile. Next thing the hair on the back of my neck stood on end. Somehow I just knew that this is what I had been looking for, for most of my life. After feeding some hungry golfers, I got back to the pc. This time there was a short letter from him. I replied and we exchanged a few letters.
"They think they are getting rid of all the dead wood." Alyssa chips in, "But we all do a vital job on the Enterprise, though some are not recognised."
Ah, well. Even if you don't I'm telling you anyway!
As for Mary's mother, for the most part she had abandoned her daughter to concentrate on raising the children she had with her second husband. This left Mary drifting between her disabled father and elderly paternal grandparents who regularly went around town proclaiming the Rapture was imminent. Everyone in Mary’s life had failed her from the day she was born, and in a way, I failed her worst of all.
I entered it into the competition at the Colorado State Fair where both judges said it was very good but "Should be entered into the wood aged category". There is no oak...I swear!
(On a sadder note, it is important for us to apprehend that some children, through no accountability of their own, are mentally or emotionally imbalanced, and butterfingers of amid the fantasy from the reality. It is unfortunate, but it happens. These are the accouchement whose adulterated faculty of absoluteness and/or morality, about accompanying with a abridgement of absolute role models, can affect them to try to claiming the amateur they play. Afore we accusation the amateur themselves, let us accede the actuality that they are just as acceptable to be aggressive by movies, television, music, literature, or added arts and media. In added words, video amateur do not achieve killers; benightedness and aloofness do.)
Tempest by Julie Cross is the first book in what will be a trilogy about a young man, Jackson, who can time-travel. It is an innate ability he has, and the only people who know about it - or so he thinks at first - are himself and his science-geek friend, Adam. He and Adam do "experiments" to try and learn as much about the physics and the concept of time-travel as they can, and Adam encourages Jackson to keep a journal of notes about each "jump." One thing they have noticed from these experiments is that nothing Jackson does when he goes into the past ever changes the future - their present. But when two men burst in on Jackson and his girlfriend, Holly, in her dorm room, everything changes. They seem to know who he is and what he can do, and Holly is shot.
3. Accept it. If you’ve made your case and your host is stubbornly committed to zomb Guam, let it be. After all, you are her guest and you have to respect her wants and wishes. Apologize quietly to your zombie date for the disrespectful treatment and visit him often in his pen. It’s unlikely a zombaphobe will have refreshments on hand for her zombie guests but give the kitchen a thorough once-over just in case. If the cupboards are bare, check the mousetraps.
As stated within the book: “Gifts, like words, carried with them a great deal of power. They bestowed good fortune just as powerfully as they could curse; they could bind people together or tear them apart.” In my opinion, Alethea’s words are a wonderful gift indeed.
Creative writing in this area has a long and distinguished history. The Hamptons are a renowned resort area only 80 miles from New York City, so writers, artists and entertainers have been summering here for over a century. The area’s literary legacy stretches back through Kurt Vonnegut and Elizabeth Hardwick to Tennessee Williams, John Steinbeck and even Harriet Beecher Stowe, whose father was a 19th-century minister in East Hampton.
And another thing…have as many experiences as you can in life. Try everything at least once. (OK…almost everything…we’ll talk more about this later.) Don’t waste your time worrying or trying to do everything exactly right. Happiness is not a place you end up someday, it’s a series of choices that you make. You can start making the choice to be happy any time you want.
Goes along with moving right?
Can you imagine a young lady not aware of what that day held; she only knew she needed to survive that day? We know she had a good meal, sat in a decent chair and after all that, she took the time out to try each bed, the beds were not in her personal home so why would she not just settle on the first one and rest her weary soul. AT the end of the day she did not take the road less travel, she took the road with an unknown outcome and she finally settled on the right bed for her afternoon nap.
“I don't believe in art. I believe in artists.”
Björk initially downplays the idea of 1996 as one long horror show: "There were basically 180 days in between the two incidents that were actually okay." But almost immediately she contradicts herself by describing how whirlwind fame did her head in. "To an extent the letter bomb was the tip of the iceberg," she says. There was an incident in which Goldie and ex-lover Tricky brawled in a New York nightclub, and then the break-up with Goldie.
A couple of weeks later I was craving that spicy soup, so I decided to try making it using Marja's recipe. I didn't have any pork belly on hand, so instead I used a leftover rotisserie chicken, bones and all. I know, rotisserie chicken bones in kimchi jjigae is probably not the authentic way to make it, but I was desperate for some soup!
Hannah is my sons girlfriend and we think the world of her! She lives across the hay field so if I ever wonder where my son is when he's not home or not working.... I know right where to find him! lol
Let the high praises of God be in their mouth,
He was left at the age of three with an aunt who, according to the applicant and to social services, ill-treated the applicant. He was thrown out by this aunt at the age of fifteen and was thereafter taken into foster care. He has therefore not only spent by far the greater part of his childhood in the United Kingdom and been entirely educated in that country, but has been partly brought up in the care of the United Kingdom’s social services. These elements of the applicant’s background contribute significantly to the Court’s finding that his ties to the United Kingdom are stronger than those to Nigeria. However, while the Court views with sympathy the circumstances of the applicant’s formative years, the fact remains that he is responsible for his own actions. Particularly in light of the fact that the majority of the applicant’s offences were committed when he was already an adult, the Court finds that the applicant cannot excuse his past criminal conduct by reference to his
Conservation Seeding & Restoration Inc would like to introduce folks to a new adventure in native plants: Native Roots, LLC. The difference between native plants and Native Roots, LLC. native plants? Native Roots (NR) plants are selections from nature that have been grown in a controlled environment over ten years and several generations. A very aggressive selection process has been engaged for specific traits on plant form and habit.
Me: Do you ever get harassed by cops?
“No, I gave it all to the kids,” he says quietly. Henry has five younger siblings. He sacrifices meals for them regularly. I can’t imagine bearing that kind of responsibility. I only have myself and my Father to worry about and I can barely manage that.
As part of the Kreativ blog award, you have to mention 7 interesting things about yourself. I have already done that here, and even though there are many more such “interesting” facts about me, I will not bore you with them, today.
I’m going to assume that you, dear friends, share the same feelings about flying bugs that I do: they are vile, repulsive demon spawn that are out to kill me. When I encounter one on the street, I begin this wild interpretive dance in an effort to avoid it that says, “If this thing lands on me, I’m going to lose my shit!” So, naturally, when I came across this story about bees that feast on sweat, I immediately felt like there were 10 bugs buzzing around me, crawling on my arms and on my neck, trying to devour my soul.
So sitting on the subway with coworkers I came up with this brilliant plan, combine my love of dating, with the love of the city and all it offers. If I find love, they get my second key, if not well I just visited 24 secret spots of my favorite place on earth.
You had absolutely everything you needed to get exactly to where you are now and today you had everything too. You have made it through so many things and you always made it with everything you needed – sometimes not much more – but always exactly what you needed. Do not be afraid that you won’t have what you need tomorrow. Be at peace with your life and with yourself and with the world, because you will continue to make it through life with everything you need. The more you notice it, the more you give thanks for each and every little thing that made its way into your life, the more joyful your life will be and the less you will feel like you need. Life is funny that way, and oh so good too. You are going to make it. You always have and you always will.
The players tell us that they know what they are getting themselves into, but who among us at 22 is smart enough to truly know what the decisions of our youth will really mean as we age? Didn’t we all believe that we were invincible when we were young and think that bad outcomes would happen to the other guy?
And fix’d his eye on the darker speck.
Below is the process as I was able to come back ever few days and take a look. Amazing what goes into this! I also had them repaint a new, sunny yellow color and it feels good to finally be home!
Other good choices from AKG are: the C12A, C-414EB P48 or the C-414T LII.
And working on some other, top-secret beer projects. Arnaudville is fast becoming the Area 51 of beer.
Mary, Mother of God
The first book I remembered reading more than once must be a Nancy Drew mystery when I was 10 or 11. I read them so quickly that I had to read them more than once since I only went to the library once a week!
Here’s a list of some 2012 ascension solar symptoms I’m experiencing and know you are too:
With a little patience 330
#19 Silver Robot Girl
RAFAEL DINGLASAN, Judge of First Instance of Manila, and JOSE P. BENGZON, Fiscal of City of Manila,respondents.
I'd like to add that I am a keen recycler and fully support all recycling.
Oh yes, she said, she was looking at the previous week on the calendar. Sorry!
We started off on the wrong foot. Packed and prepared early, got to the airport with plenty of time to make our flight to Rome, only to be told we were a day late. I hadn't looked at our itinerary very carefully.
My challenge this year is the same as last year, to constantly give up the control I strive so hard to have, and surrender it to God. What a relief!!! Now, if I can just see it that way on a regular basis I think all would be good. This totally applies to my business and how I run my studio. I want to do everything myself and have a very hard time trusting others with my "baby". But thanks to God, I do have help and step one is allowing that help to well......help.
I really wasn't sure how to make a hinged top...
If Romney wins the nomination, and Obama wins the election because the Repaulicans and I didn’t vote for Romney, I won’t be sorry. I won’t be sorry because I don’t believe that Romney will do any more to make us freer than Obama will. He may take away our liberties more slowly than Obama, but he’s not going to reverse the trend. And I am not willing to assist the forging of my shackles by giving my consent.
He then moves seamlessly onto alcohol...
A lot of folks I know seem to occasionally end up stuck in a briar patch of their own making 'cause they ignored the signs. I know this because I am one of them. As diligent as I am about managing every aspect of life in an honest, loving, caring, patriotic, and God-honoring manner... there are always those little areas that get neglected and then they tend to become significant issues.
I am with you alway, even unto the end of the world. Matt. 28:20
Even in low English countries it is necessary for them to master English for many reasons. teachers pay teachers so you should say for you to yourself, “I must converse English for half an hour one day. Language schools own specialized programs in case you are taking british classes for school reasons. teacherspayteachers Lastly, the best way is to reside in one place where everybody converses throughout English. They think they need to learn to speak yet another language, but what actually pushes them to perform it? What makes someone do everything required to learn a fresh language. conversing English is superb; you will be capable of communicate with people wherever you go. The language enables us for connecting with influential people around the world thus, learning every single other’s life in addition to culture. This type of English is already recognized worldwide and all the people including the purists have recognized it. My daughter possessed already had kinder back garden experience in tiongkok so she was quite very happy to keep going. You’ll manage to enjoy a weaker pace of lifetime.
He stops eating, gets out of his chair and stands behind me and hugs me.
i had stated i hoped to speak to a doctor and i have contacted our family doctor who can hopefully give me medical backgrounds on possible effects when stopping smoking i have contacted the doctors secretary and i am awaiting a response.
At any given time, you could find a stack of books on my bedside table that include a few professional reads, something Jodi Picoult-esque, an embarrassing amount of chic lit, a humor novel, a memoir, the latest People magazine, back issues of Cooking Light and the newest edition of The Reading Teacher. (Okay, you can also find four or five half empty or totally empty water glasses. It's a phenomenon. They follow me and then can't seem to find their way to the dishwasher. Whatevs. At least I'm hydrated, right?)
On the train ride up I sat across from a baby, who was celebrating his baptism. On the hike down from the hill I had witnessed loved ones holding tears in the back in their throats as they poured the ashes of the deceased into the winds of Montserrat to carry. And at the ancient and impressive beautiful church I had walked in on a “boda,” or a wedding and watched as two people shared their vows and forever joined lives.
Thompson claimed his client’s brain ‘was on total shut down’.
No I ‘ve not started supporting Pompey but in tonight’s rout two ex-Stokies both bagged two goals each – Liam Lawrence and the Ginger Ninja. Stoke loanees Carl Dickinson and Sonko also featured, although neither has proved a hit with Pompey yet, mind you I’ve yet to find a club where Sonko has been a hit!
Whilst, from all I have read of it, his final jury speech would have been a tour de force from a political platform, it wasn’t the right tone or content for a jury speech in the High Court.
A little over a week ago, I received a call from a friend of mine. I thought it was just to check in, see if I was busy, maybe just a request to hang out. It had been a little while. Not that sort of phone call. His mother wasn’t doing well. At all.
Venue Graveyard 2011: These ones didn't live to see 2012
By MELODY McDONALD
We have been having family drama over that last few weeks. I won't bore you with all of the details but his Mother who has never been a fan of me got very angry during his first hospital stay. She actually ended up calling me to yell at me and ended up screaming at the top of her lungs at my poor husband and hanging up on him. Not long after that phone call, his blood pressure plummeted and he almost passed out.
Here’s the first one:
Yet little did my childhood self know that Herge, as most authors of his time, wrote books for children that were inundated with ideas reflecting popular thoughts back then but is deemed unpalatable for today’s taste.
To me there is nothing more painful than wanting so desperately to believe, but having to almost daily struggle to do so. I’ve often found comfort (if that’s the right word) in this popular quote by Flannery O’Connor: “I think there is no suffering greater than what is caused by the doubts of those who want to believe. What people don’t realize is how much religion costs. They think faith is a big electric blanket, when of course it is the cross. It is much harder to believe than not to believe.”
Additionally, we also have a ‘HAARP ring’ frequency outbreak from Kansas City Missouri — east through St. Louis into Evansville, Indiana. (screenshots below)
One was exhibited as a talking fish
As for this week we've got a full brewing schedule which will include our new session pales 'Polestar', 'Ensign' & 'The Benz'.
I was back in business, baby!
Connor knew right away his demands were not met and felt the need to vocalize his displeasure for the world to hear. I’m not sure how the husband managed to complete our order or how the teenager across the intercom understood any of it, but we were somehow successful. Connor screamed the whole way through the drive-thru. I was sure our eardrums were about to burst until the husband handed the boys their meals.
It looks different here. I've lived most of my life in suburban New Jersey. As an adult nearly all the towns I lived in had a New England-ish feel to them, with homes dating to the 1600s and large housing stock of older homes. Clapboard housing and lots of deciduous trees.
I was born in Riga, which is capital of Latvia, the one of the most beautiful cities in the whole world, and as most of the children I want to see and touch everything. But this didn’t change with the time. And no matter how much I try to change it – I didn’t succeed. And I fly to the sky to see the most of our world from there. I became a pilot.
After the symposium, the opening reception at the Museum gave a much more nuanced, heavily documented, and fascinating overview of all facets of the Lindsay years. At the same time, it provides a wonderful flavor of that era in New York City. An incredible amount of political activity, cultural events, and rampant creativity. Political and cultural memorabilia and tzatzches, newspaper headlines and magazine covers, movie posters, layoff letters to teachers in Ocean Hill-Brownsville dispute, photos, books, municipal government handbooks and documents – the exhibit does a fabulous job of exploring the nooks and crannies of the era. I loved the recording of the Mayor’s Inner Circle dinner song, I believe with Florence Henderson, that went something to the effect of “I go to bed every night/wondering what the hell we did right!/will there be another strike? ”
“Well, I don’t think it will take that long,” Nathaniel muttered, shuffling from the increasing pain in his shoulders and knees.
and I become a missed-connections poster.
Lightning up my spine
I wrote the previous parts to this post last week. Today we moved on in our study of Mark and covered Mark 8:1-21. The beginning portion of this chapter is Mark’s report of the feeding of the 4000. There is a lot of discussion regarding this second miracle. Some commentators wonder if it’s just a repeat, an error, that there really wasn’t a second separate feeding. Many feel that there were significant differences which possibly point to not only a second feeding, but a feeding that focused on Gentiles. Those who support this thinking point to the number of loaves and baskets of fragments, seven, because seven and seventy are important numbers to the Gentiles. Also the fact that Jesus didn’t have to worry about the crowd pressing him to be a leader who would overthrow the Romans–the Gentiles didn’t have as big a beef as the Jews in this regard. But the thing that stuck out most clearly to me was just the placement of the miracle: on the heels of his encounter with the Syrophoenician woman.
A 2lb bag of brown rice is about $1.50 and will last 4-5 dinners. I make it in my rice cooker on the same day I assemble meals.
Until next time…..Blessings…Leslie Rose K
Our car, however, was not fine; I owe my mom another big thanks for loaning us hers. It would be tough, getting Eöl to and from work, mom and dad to their various appointments, as well as anyone else that needed to be anywhere. With many of these appointments within an hour of each other, I was designated to keep the car and chauffeur.
But forget Hitler again. Karl Marx was himself an anti-Semite, as well as a Jew. There is no logical contradiction here because Marx was ‘a Jew only on his parents’ side’, as someone once put it. That is, apart from heritage and, dare I say, race, Marx was not really a Jew at all. Just like Chomsky - another Jew only in name (which sells and justifies his anti-Semitism) and only on ‘his parents’ side’. So anti-Semitism comes easily to him. After all, in what sense is Chomsky (and Marx) Jewish? He wants the destruction of Israel. He is not Jewish religiously. Even culturally he has no Jewish baggage any more (except for his heritage). So he’s only Jewish in the racial sense. And, as the far left keeps on telling us, race does not matter. Thus Chomsky, the ‘Jew’, is not, in fact, a Jew. So just as Marx used phrases like ‘dirty Jews’ and ‘the nigger-like Jew’ (two racisms for the price of one!), so Chomsky, in leftist fashion, would probably say things like ‘dirty Zionists’ or ‘money-mad and power-crazy Zionists’. Again, the far left and the Nazis just merge into each other yet again!
In at least one of her past lives, I’m quite certain Addison was a serious, ass-kicking monarch. Like Cleopatra — powerful, idolized and obeyed. There was no one yanking her chain, incessantly attempting to enforce strange and unreasonable mandates like an 8:00 PM bedtime or three more brussel sprouts. And there was undoutedly no one who dared raise their voice in defiance or disagreement. Bottom line, in her last life, Addison was in control. She knew it. Her subjects knew it. And all those dudes trying to move in on her stash of coal eyeliner definitely knew it. Addison was a Hellenistic rock star. Full stop. Move on, people.
Hi from a nineteen-year-old...who (according to family, friends, and restaurant managers) looks solidly twelve. Wow, it's been an overwhelming month.
Apthorpe’s prize possession is a 19th century “Thunder box” (a portable field latrine). Apthorpe is so terrified of what he might catch from the men, and therefore can only use it. But all decent men must use the same facilities in the new order and is afrait it will be taken away and enlists Guy to help him hide his unique toilet. But a mad bloodthirsty officer Richie Hook finds the thunder box and starts using it producing a great comic conflict. We were told we must read the book to know the rest.
Anyway last night they were at Chatham outside The Command House - a teenage occasional haunt of mine - haven't been there in years mind. However they were digging out the front of it looking for evidence of the first Royal Dockyard - started in 1500 something by Henry VIII and in Elizabeth I's reign it was the most important dockyard in the country and therefore in the wars with the Spanish etc. In fact the last ever foreign invasion was in the Raid on the Medway in 1667 when the Dutch had a go and actually did sink a lot of ships.
Let me now read to you from page 16 of the Housing Handbook given to us by my wife’s employer…
wearing gowns
The man.
"Shutty Uppie",
The ERP is defined as the average return that equities provide beyond the risk-free rate. The average return from equity is the sum of the dividend yield and capital gains over a period. The risk-free rate of return is a function of the rate of inflation (as calculated by the CPI), so the ERP is closely related to the ‘real rate of return’ which is defined as the return on equities beyond inflation. Put simply, the ‘real interest rate’ in an economy is the actual realized rate of return on a risk free investment, such as U.S. Treasury notes, minus an index of inflation, such as the CPI or GDP deflator.
So what does this mean for the half marathon next weekend? FUN RUN! I have a bunch of co-workers and amigos participating so I think I will just opt for a mellow training day. I am super bummed about this, however, I don't have the run training to put forth a solid effort.
“Darkness cannot drive out darkness; only light can do that. Hate cannot drive out hate; only love can do that.” These are the words of Martin Luther King Jr.
I see two implications of my semester finally finishing. First, I must join the real world and find a job. I’d also like more Hebrew education. Second, I have more time to blog.
This job jumped from interesting to fun.
The palate is slightly perfumed initially which gives way to the caramel creaminess of the nose; ripe banana and this lovely balanced sweetness that you'd expect from the 7.5% abv. The sweetness is by no mead clawing and falls away to a milky banana flavour on the finish.
MesAyah’s voice carries a wisdom from the ages, modernized to today’s lexicon, preparing us for tomorrow’s future, grounded firmly in the past. His production values are clean and clear, with a sonic quality easily forgotten by many of the current rap and hip-hop releases and reaches deep within the listener, opening the door to an awakened soul. His sound stands out among a field of otherwise discordant messages and shines a light on our selves and our current human condition.
5. I've Found a New Baby
I don’t think I am alone when the hair on the back of my neck stands up at the thought of this….
As any American will tell you, hospitals run by private insurers and providers are not the answer. And as anyone over 55 in Britain will attest, a return to full State ownership isn’t the answer either.
Last summer, the BBC approached the station requesting permission to use its quarry to film night scenes for an episode of Doctor Who.
Ah but there may well be those who would like to be able to cast spells and crochet at the same time.... so.......
Not having a clue at the time that all lesbians didn't wear dungarees and have short hair, I convinced myself she was no such thing. Surely her and the flatmate were just good friends? I'd met the flatmate, and she was short and butch and changed her name from her feminine given name to her more gender unspecific middle name. She was loud and wore shapeless boyish clothes and no make-up. But still...
Bucephalas snorts as he passes me.
What is one of your goals of being part of AJE?
Everyone’s eyes were on Sylvanie de Lutèce, dressed for the occasion in the Titi Parisien style of flat cap, striped top and red neckerchief. Hunched around wooden boards of dried meats and cheeses, and with beer or wine in hand, the audience was nevertheless as quiet as a library as our host got the conference underway.
BRACKENDOWNS: Home owner shoots one armed attacker.
i am attracted only to those people and situations that support and nourish me
Houghton Mifflin Harcourt has created a website for Life As We Knew It, The Dead And The Gone, and This World We Live In. It has links to reviews, to the video trailer, to this very blog (Hi Me!), and to discussion guides for all three books.
The Bitch is coming out of Heal's in Manchester. (Please know, dear readers, that the Bitch is not in the habit going to Heal's, but it's good to see how the other half lives, don't you think, and anyway on this occasion, there's a certain exquisite lamp requested for a special birthday by a young relative, which can only be sourced therein.) Anyway, there she is coming out and two black-clad Furies, who seem to have been watching the door and waiting for this very moment, sweep towards her, one carrying a sort of machine gun on his shoulder and the other, a blonde ice-queen, some kind of dead-black laser rod.
Just accession WordPress.com weblog
In addition, it is being studied for its ability to induce apoptosis, or cell self-destruction, in lung cancer cells. In Japan, honokiol is considered a useful anxiolytic; herbal preparations containing honokiol are prescribed as mild tranquilizers.
Later that night, my friend noticed that I was wearing my new, regular running shoes. She asked me how they fit. And I smiled and told her, they fit just right.
Guthrie: OMG the Supreme Court is going
Even now, a good many will surely swear they will never acknowledge her existence ever again, but Aya still has her fans who would love to see her make a comeback to anime. While not a die-hard Hirano Aya fan, I enjoy her work and count myself amongst those who would like to see her return. Not to condone her behavior, but her personal choices and interests have nothing to do with her work in anime, and in my opinion she is free to exercise her liberty as an individual like anyone else.
Former Associated Press writer Polly Anderson contributed to this report.
Shifting sands in the wind can both expose and cover up what we see ahead. I see the debate on whether the gatekeepers of publishing should sit at the same poker table as the ebook and self-publishing ‘riff-raff’ in the same way. When I say gatekeepers, I mean mainstream publishers and literary agencies.
And thank you to all who commented on my last post. Many of you had some pretty rough stories. Which only reinforces in my mind, that the way we are doing things around here have to change.
You may or may not have noticed that I haven’t posted in a while. If you are a Facebook follower you may have also noticed a few posts about cancer and melanoma and lymph nodes and frustration and prayer.
rum kill mih whole family.
Melt the butter in a saucepan and while that is happening blitz the biscuits to a fine crumb in a food processor. You can use a plastic bag and a rolling-pin to bash the biscuits to a crumb instead. Add the biscuit crumbs to the butter and mix with a wooden spoon to combine thoroughly. Then empty into the cake tin and spread and press to evenly line the base of the tin. Pop in the fridge for half an hour to set.
and many Latin American countries said they would refuse to recognize
Your VPN offers you security, as noted above, and also anonymity. As you browse through the VPN, your identity is masked and you appear on the Internet as your VPN, not as you personally. Be advised, however, that this is a thin disguise when it comes to law enforcement, who will generally be able to obtain logs of all your activity through your VPN if they have sufficient interest.
Still, Kony’s a bad guy, and he’s been around a while. Which is why the US has been involved in stopping him for years. U.S. Africa Command (AFRICOM) has sent multiple missions to capture or kill Kony over the years. And they’ve failed time and time again, each provoking a ferocious response and increased retaliative slaughter. The issue with taking out a man who uses a child army is that his bodyguards are children. Any effort to capture or kill him will almost certainly result in many children’s deaths, an impact that needs to be minimized as much as possible. Each attempt brings more retaliation. And yet Invisible Children supports military intervention. Kony has been involved in peace talks in the past, which have fallen through. But Invisible Children is now focusing on military intervention.
The manifold torture of the psychologist who has discovered this ruination, who discovers this whole inner hopelessness of the higher man, this eternal “too late” in every sense, first in one case and then almost always through the whole of history—may perhaps lead him one day to turn against his own lot, embittered, and to make an attempt at self-destruction—may lead to his own “corruption.”[4]
Last week’s camera obscura post received many reactions, so I figured I had to clear something up first, before I shared the rest of my photos. These photos were NOT taken with an analog pinhole process, they’re taken with my SLR! You just have to change the lens of your camera with the camera cap, after you’ve drilled a hole in the middle of it and pierced the tinfoil you taped to the cap with a needle, that’s it. You can find a more elaborate explanation here, but this is how I’ve done it, no fuss. I’ve tried analog pinhole too (not for my photo class, I take lessons in digital photography), which failed unfortunately due to overexposure.
Finally, you can draw on your project or add editable text. Then, share it via many social media sites, or save to your Camera Roll.
Disobedient
As I was reading in 1 John this morning, I began to think of our future wedding with no date. The doors fly open and we, the church, the bride of Christ walk through. All nervousness and butterflies disappear as we settle into the gentle gaze of our Savior. He's been waiting for this day for so long. Instead of sauntering, I take off in a full sprint into the arms of the One my heart loves. He whispers in my ear, "I am so excited about being married to you!" This is a day we are waiting for, but right now, we prepare. We know that one day we will be united as one, but for now he calls us to this: "And now, dear children continue in him, so that when he appears we may be confident and unashamed before him at his coming."
The resulting stand-off lasted a few hours with the two sides moving backwards and forwards and the odd volley of tear gas choking the protesters and drifting on the wind to the surrounding neighbourhood. We were sitting tight in the guesthouse along with a few others. Our eyes began to prick and water as a cloud of gas blew our way, so the children were shepherded into an air con room to escape the effects. This happened a few more times, as we adults camped by the balcony waiting for some action to pass by on the street below.
“Having been cheated of a decent education from kindergarten to this point in your life, begin now to educate yourself for whatever it is you want to do in life because it is still true that knowledge is power. Money’s nice, too.”
Some visitors came searching, mostly for world aids day 2010, world aids day 2010 logo, world aids day logo 2010, halloween jewish, and jewish halloween.
Westminster cabinet member for housing, Councillor Philippa Roe, said: "We want to introduce a system which is fairer to local people and rewards those in employment."
I envisaged spending Christmas tucked up with my TBR pile, but I've been too busy cooking, pouring drinks, tidying up wrapping paper and dirty dishes etc (that's our Christmas pud above) - too busy even to report on a couple of end-of-year things I'll mention now. Firstly, I was delighted that The Birth Machine was one of Angela Topping's choices in the end-of-year recommendations by Horizon Review contributors. There are some smashing choices there, and books I'm thrilled to have mine alongside. Secondly, on the other side of the fence, I was asked to contribute my cultural highlight of the year to the Faber blog, and it was a foregone conclusion that I'd choose The Unit, a dystopian Brave-New-World type novel, though also unique, by Swede Ninni Holmqvist (Oneworld Publications). I was asked to endorse it earlier in the year and it impressed and moved me so much that I really couldn't praise it enough - read it, I do urge you.
Side by side, their faces blurred,
Necklace - F21
WHAT?
One year later and I was the only one to have made it (my dad will argue that his one trip to Del Taco doesn’t count though). It was a bit difficult at first, but my family generally didn’t eat out at fast food that much to begin with. It only got tricky when we were on a few road trips and fast food is sometimes the only choice you have, but we always managed to find something.
“If we stick together, we can win this for the American people,” Boehner told his troops, participants said.
