Serve with shredded cheese, real bacon bits and green onions.
The Good Cook
"Material Girl" - Madonna. Jesus. My iPod is Jesus.
I've been waiting to get angry enough to want something different
Well, I used to add photos or create traditional mini pages for my Planner, and that was fun. But now that Crafty Secrets has opened my world to the "awesomness" of digital images... all I could think of was how great these two are going to work together. Which made me think .. NEED TO HAVE A GIVEAWAY! yay
Best Overall Vanilla - Blake Howard (amateur class)
Thro’ Jesus Christ our Lord!
The daikon stayed slightly crisp and was a nice contrast to the chewy earthiness of the black rice. The kimchi added a hit of chile, saltiness and vinegar that reminded us of sushi.
What are some ways you save money on your pretty garden?
The logo above is a bit of a give away, but it's time to let the cat out of the bag and tell you that we will be celebrating our third birthday later this month and in time honoured fashion we will be having a blog hop. More news will follow closer to the date, but in the meantime we would love it if you would grab the picture above and help us spread the word.
This is an absolutely huge painting with the figures being pretty much life size. I think they might be slightly larger. It’s really interesting seeing the changes in fashion on the left and right hand sides.
Please note: no Grandmothers were injured during this incident. However, we did note that had Grandma not been overweight, she may have had time to see and react to the small Chinese child – we never found out what happened to him/her.
Bake according to box (or recipe) directions.
With the “Pirate of the Year” awards around the corner, Pirate Captain (Hugh Grant) and his crew of scallywags take to the high seas to find a bounty worthy of entering the awards. Instead they find a young Charles Darwin (David Tennant), who informs them that their beloved parrot is in fact a rare dodo, a discovery priceless in the scientific world.
Now to hang it on the wall.
The nose was completely different than I anticipated. It initially smells candied - kola and marzipan but after serving 2 customers and reverting back to the so-called seaweed beer - I got it! Thankfully it's not Dollymount strand. It's actually a subtle coastal smell. Salty and almost medicinal.
Still, no experience can DEFINE you.
Place chicken in a slow cooker and cover with broth. Cook on low for 6-7 hours or high for 4-5 hours. Remove the chicken, and shred with a fork. Discard the excess liquid. Put the chicken back in the slow cooker. Combine the buffalo sauce and 1/4c of the ranch dressing, stir into the chicken. Combine the green onions and cilantro in a small bowl.
just playing with the idea of opening people up, the idea of
8 September 2011 source: journalist Mpho Morereane – Although an inquest still has to be conducted to establish the exact facts, the SA police force have already announced that an unnamed 21-year-old man â€˜hung himselfâ€™ in the KwaThema Police Station holding cells on the morning of Sept 8 2011. Journalist Mpho Morereane quoted the police as saying:
Polka dots still abound and I am just loving this MFT flower die! Went with some "green eyed" Susans versus the brown eyed ones as it was too much brown. A very well used Happy Birthday Verve Plain Jane and I have a card made will in advance for a very good college friend of mine who also loves these colours.
I hung up the phone and haven't exchanged a word with her since. That was over two years ago and you know what, I've never been happier. This was a long time coming and I'm so glad it finally happened.
crackly radio
I love this. I love the misspelled words, the measurements (a 14 foot fountain?), and everything. I love how it matches up with what he had shared with me earlier. He loves this little booklet he made on the computer as well, taking it out and reading it often.
Mix cream cheese, confectioner's sugar, peanut butter, and vanilla. Stir in cool whip and about 2/3 of the peanut butter cups.
Add the Semolina and fry in medium heat for 5 mins or till you can feel the aroma of it.
In this country, how much is the life of Holly Wells and Jessica Chapman from Soham worth?Seemingly for Wolf, the answer is 'exactly the same amount as their killers'. Victim dies, the killer dies. Balance has been restored! It's so simple, it's almost childish! Yes...almost.
Psalm 89:2-3,21-27
Throw in a bunch of clichés and you got yourself a movie. 21 Jump Street isn’t the most original movie out there, in fact, it’s painfully predictable. You could guess the outcome of every scene because you have seen this all before; there is nothing new here!
Eurycoma Longifolia regarded as an herbal Viagra in Malaysia, while Viagra can cause dangerous side effects in some cases, it is completely safe to use Eurycoma. It acts both as an aphrodisiac and a libido booster. Of increasing levels of testosterone, which helps increase sexual performance in many ways as the intense orgasmlonger and harder erections, boost energy and vitality, improves sperm quality.
the flames will not consume you.” (NLT)
Take curd/yogurt in a wide pan add turmeric powder and using a whisker whisk it up until it is creamy and frothy on top. Add the ground paste and salt and whisk again for a minute. If needed add some water to make it as dilute you want. Heat the pan and cook in medium - low flame until you see the froth on top. It should not boil or bubble up. Now turn it off and add the fried okras.
I know several people who drink good beer, and yet express a mind-boggling affection for Pabst Blue Ribbon. It's one thing to celebrate the retro kitch culture such as a wonderful place like Philly's own Bob and Barbara's Lounge, which is awash in long-forgotten PBR ad campaigns of the past. It's another to swig down a can of PBR and actually fool yourself into thinking it's a premium beer.
That’s fairly indicative of my style. I’ve done a lot of writing in my day, and I tend to explore implications and dig into game design decisions and theory. It’s probably a bit dry, a bit verbose, and the language is a bit esoteric and archaic in places. In sum, though, that’s my “voice”, so that’s how my posts settle out of the mental morass of ideas that I itch to get in type. Sometimes, it’s as much about getting thoughts down “on paper” as it is about offering some thoughts to the internet. It’s my experience that the act of formulating thoughts into a cohesive bit of text tends to refine said thoughts and make them more easily remembered and more easily explained.
It felt so real. I want to go back there. I want to see more. I want to talk with her again, and see that place again. I can still feel her hand on my shoulder as we floated over the valley. I can still see her eyes as she spoke the words "your mind is capable of so much more than you know." She always had this certain look about her whenever she was about to tell me something really important, and that was the look she had in the dream. What was she about to say? What was she trying to tell me? Was it really just a dream?
The 2011 adoption statistics were just released, and they showed that adoptions are down in the U.S. Indeed, adoptions were down a significant 15% from the 2010 numbers, and down a mind-boggling 60% from the peak numbers of 2004. One must go back nearly two decades (1994) to find a year in which there were fewer adoptions than there were this past year.
“I suppose so,” Kathy agreed.
Twist #2: There is no jury. All submissions that meet the requirements of the open call will be accepted*. So scratch that off as a reason for not submitting. (*The fine print says that I do have the right to pass on any entry if given reason to but I am assuming and hoping that this will not happen)
*Sigh*. I love these goobers.
*You can stop it & peek in the door at 90 seconds to check if its done - it will probably rise over the top of the mug as it's heating, & if it's still runny it's not done yet. But be careful not to overcook! I have a pretty bad microwave, and mine took about 2 1/2 minutes.
Booty City by Black Joe Lewis & The Honeybears
French beans, 10 pcs, cut into 1" length
Of course, Tuesday being the Day of Mars (SEE my post, “Powers of the Planets, Part III: Mars”) it is a great day for taking bold or decisive action in your life.
Interesting that ST can print the names of minor children whose fathers is accused of mass murder but won't provide a description of an attempted murder suspect because of PC or fear it'll invoke racism...hmmm. It would have been nice if ST actually helped SPD as they requested by accurately reporting what information that they do have.
I was expecting, in spite of the media coverage of the Davis incident, more of a backlash; after all, casually pepper-spraying a passive crowd isn't the only act of police aggression to attract national attention. What about the tear gassing of occupiers at Oakland? The pepper-spraying of an elderly lady? The vivid image of a retired chief of police being arrested by police (not explicitly violent, but nonetheless bewildering beyond all reason)? Recently, a pregnant woman who was assaulted (and yes, I will say assaulted) by a policeman who kicked her in in the gut reported a miscarriage. I hate to turn suddenly bipartisan, but where are the die-hard anti-abortion republicans when this happened? And not to draw a direct comparison between the two because they are different on so many levels, but all it took for the LA riots of '92 was a single video. Now, we have dozens; where is the power and movement?
Poor Husband. He really seems quite taken aback. His Can Be Moody, miserable old cow of a wife is now Mrs Shouty.
Tanner indicated that his group has had to resort to turning away anyone new. It’s been difficult, but they simply won’t be able to survive if they continue to take on more mouths to feed.
He said, “First time co-starring with Park Yoochun in a drama series. Apart from handsomeness, Park Yoochun also often knows how to take care of people around, and also very vigorous when doing things. In future he will have even greater prospect. Such a junior will definitely succeed in future.”
Raul
Again I'll say to Nikon--just give me a great camera with the least number of bells and whistles that will produce images that will make people keel over they're so fantastic. $1500 tops. I don't need video. And it's in the D7k. I love that camera. But a great part of what makes a photo fantastic is what the photographer brings to it, not what the tool brings to it. It's about vision. It's about telling a story in a meaningful way that touches the audience. 16 megapixels, 36 megapixels. At some point unless you're shooting for a billboard, it's overkill.
-Baby oil
Located in Glynco Georgia
Heather Draper – can’t think of any individual advice but I have a couple of motto’s I live by. “ look at the solution not at the problem” and “be the architect of your own life”
This post is going to be short and to the point. I'd like to ask my family, friends, and colleagues who are Democrats to think about these few questions: One - When you hear the President tell Democrats, that Republicans don't care about their fellow man, and are the enemy, does my face ever flash across your mind? Two - Do you hear these comments and say to yourself, I believe this because President Obama says it? Three - Do you ever stop to think about those who are in your lives that might be a different political party than you, and how those words affect our lives? And four - If I were to run for political office, and someone smeared my name, or called me a bitch, or a whore, or a homophobe, would you defend my honor, or would you let it go and say nothing because I'm a Republican? I'm thinking of running for office one day, and I'd like to know where I stand with those closest to me. We can be different parties and disagree peacefully, or we can let partisanship tear this country to shreds and destroy ourselves from within, doing the real terrorists job for them.
Q – You gonna be hungry for BBQ and great music?
Metropolitan Museum of Art Costume Institute Collection: Elsa Schiaparelli Necklace 2009.300.1234
Summer is coming. J's last day of school is in about 3 weeks and I have big plans for the boys. For starters we are most likely moving them back into the same bedroom then making R's room into their playroom. I am hoping this will decrease the messiness from the boys. Hopefully. Next up on the list is making chore charts for the boys. I am looking to the blogging community for help.....please give me ideas of age appropriate jobs for a 6 and 4 year old. Right now J knows how to vacuum, sweep, take out trash and recycle, and pick up. R can sweep with a dustpan, help empty the silverware out of the dishwasher, and pick up. I plan to include making their beds each morning, cleaning their room and playroom too. Any other ideas?!?
This is an example of above-and-beyond but the benefits of such GREAT customer service can be huge to a company’s bottom-line. Let’s look at the economics of this act by Zappos. It probably cost them a couple of hundred dollars for the shoes and cab fare. But the value of this seemingly extraordinary act for the customer will no doubt be priceless. I would wager it made her a loyal customer for life, and will probably end up increasing the amount of money she spends at Zappos because she will come back to shop there more often than she would have otherwise. Additionally, how many people do you think she told about her amazing experience; probably everyone she knows – driving countless new customers to Zappos.com – now the couple of hundred dollars suddenly don’t seem so much. Delighted customers are always the most powerful sales tool for a company.
These places have been pointed to as locations in which the TIF ‘model’ has worked, and from which the UK might – should? – learn. One such place is Chicago, where the city government has since the mid-1980s established over one hundred and seven TIF areas. It was the economic development model of choice of the former Mayor, Richard M Daley. TIF was a significant issue in the 2011 mayoral election in the city, and new Mayor, Rahm Emmanuel has set about making the model more democratic and transparent. That though is a blog in itself. No, here my focus is going to be on California. The ‘Golden State’ was where TIF began, at the end of the Second World War.
Put ‘em out in the sun, and when the night come
I’ll write more soon.
There I was, studying at Menlo College, called the backdoor into Stanford, not only because Stanford is just right next to Menlo College, but because the teachers at Menlo College knows Stanford inside out.
My Islam is Isobel Goodwin walking away free
I was recently looking at pictures from my trip to Fort Myers in 2011, and I thought I’d share some today.
An anonymous Nets official tells Ian O'Connor, a columnist for the Bergen Record, that the Nets will stay in New Jersey, because "Bruce just won’t end up with the money to do it."
Randall, D. and Wright, P. (1987) Ammonia distribution and excretion in fish Fish Physiology and Biochemistry, Volume 3, Number 3, 107-120.
My dream is still alive...
May we not take for granted, even for a single day, the immense freedom that has been hard-won at a such a great price, for us and for our children!
And the winner is...
At very low speed, stir in the cake flour, baking powder and salt. Mix for 45 to 60 seconds, just until the batter comes together. Scrape down the sides of the bowl. If you spot any lumps of cake flour, mix for another 45 seconds.
Mean while the slender man in the hat came into full view, standing proudly in the center of his ring. Wearing tight, pallid pants, lofty boots of the same mightnight black as his thick curly mustache, he adjusted his brilliant red coat adorned with stunning gold trimmings ; his mere presence commanded power, and demanded obedience. Twisting his rugged face into a challenging smile, raising one thick black eyebrow ever so slyly, he slowly raised his long right arm, extending to its full length, allowing it to hover slightly before quick as lightening he cracked the whip. Hearts began to race, minds relelling like the wheels on the cage beging place before them. From center stage with a fluid florish of the mans hand, the red silk cover was blown back to reveal a magnificant sight; a large, horrifcally beautiful, frieghtening feline was pacing,pacing, ready to be released…
like roast duck
Open the binding corner and sew into it. Stop. Remove and clip threads. Turn the quilt.
With a lock-and-release handle on top, this Swing n' Lock Gate from Safety 1st makes it easier to leave the gate up at all times. Keeping curious toddlers corralled and away from dangerous areas, it swings open for walk-through convenience with a simple pull of its quick, 1-hand release. It may be pressure mounted anywhere or hardware mounted for extra security when using as a swing-open door. Ideal for pets, too, the gate stands 28" tall. A fit for any doorway or hall, the pressure mount expands 26-42". Attractive beige plastic design wipes
This most middle-class of maladies is widespread in respectable circles. It has flared up very badly in Britain during the past week, with some of the most prominent carriers seeking to keep an Israeli theatre company off this sceptred isle.
Though I, once gone to all the world must die;
So what you ask is my role as VP? Well, right now really nothing. I helped a lot on the front end with design, content and concept of the website and business plan. Now that things are in motion I lend moral support and business counsel for Elements. I may not be out there digging ponds and laying pavers but this company is very much a passion of mine as I know Joe is living out his dream and *hopefully* one day I can join the Elements team full time in the office once there are little Hawleys running around.
Quietly. Moby did not agree, mrrrrowwwwing intermittently, through the morning. When I went out to water, I got him in the harness, but kept the leash in my pocket, let him come out with me to the fenced back garden. One must dress to visit the gardens, see?
Some of H. P. Lovecraft’s most fascinating work came from a time in his life that he was forced, by economic survival, to ghostwrite, collaborate and revise the work of others in the field. Here Lovecraft Scholar S. T. Joshi collects the best of these revisions and collaborations in a two volume set to be published this year from Arcane Wisdom Press. Medusa’s Coil and Others is the second of these two volumes. This edition is painstakingly annotated, and includes an introduction and bibliography by S. T. Joshi. The book is a must for the Lovecraft enthusiast and scholar alike. This limited edition hardcover will be strictly limited to only 150 hardcover copies. They will be signed by Lovecraftian scholar S. T. Joshi and will be hand numbered on a custom signature sheet, featuring artwork by Zach McCain. We expect to be shipping these in late January reserve your copy now of this unique collection.
Najib said the advent of social media had also brought new opportunities, new audiences and new demands.
Warner Bros Records W1229
3. In the meantime, peel mangoes. Cut the flesh into 2-inch pcs.
Extensions are not easy with vibrant red hair. Fake red fades. It fades quickly. It fades unevenly. And if you have hair extensions in one color, chances are there will be a time frame where they don't match the hair on your head. So I have colored extensions with the same color I use on my natural hair, but, as you can guess, they are a monochromatic color. When the red in my hair starts to fade, the extensions don't match anymore.
Diane Kruger, 35, donned a half-sleeved black-and-white floral-print Derek Lam Fall 2012 cocktail dress with an embroidered red-orange-and-black collar. The calf length frock was accessorized with a black and lucite Versus Spring 2012 strappy sandals.
I guess I’m just thinking back on this unexpectedly peaceful, GRACE-filled day and how (in an instant) that peace was shattered by the ringing of a cell phone.
Beau - Porter (4.8% ABV)
However, in the past few years, I’ve moved from fairly regular, if relatively low-paid, gigs in comedy and kids’ telly to developing fewer, bigger, drama projects.
The slut walk is for people (men and women) who want to take a stand for people who have been raped or molested. It began after a Canadian officer stated that women should avoid dressing like sluts so they don't get raped. The entire point of this walk is to spread awareness about these crimes, and make it known, it is never the victims fault. Here are a few facts to wrap your mind around:
Paul attempts to reach out by talking about his interest in these murders to seemingly anyone who will listen. His friend, Harry Rosenthal (Jose Ferrer), a Holocaust survivor, does his best to try to convey to Paul how good he really has things, but Paul won't be convinced. A therapist friend (Viveca Lindfors) encourages him to seek help. But Paul decides to spend the afternoon with five prostitutes in a brothel, in a kind of gift to himself on his last day. That night, when his train back to Connecticut breaks down in the dark, he shares another sexual encounter - this time with a lonely, neglected and unsatisfied housewife, a kind of mirror image of himself. The emptiness of it all reveals how desperate he is to be moved by some kind of experience, any kind. And it continues right up through the film's relentlessly upsetting and dark conclusion.
What an odd year it’s been so far, weather wise. Winter that was not here in Minnesota, may have affected the Maple syrup crop this year. Since Winter was so mild we have trees being trees early, and Spring is behaving as Spring should, April Showers and a variety of temps.
"Sure is, baby.
Sometimes in life you feel led to take the road less traveled. And as you are rolling along, enjoying the view, difficulty or hardship . . . or a deer . . . will hurl itself at you rendering you motionless for a time.
(Florence + the Machine cover)
Deputy Communications Director
And so I ruminated on these perspectives this evening as I made my way over to an event at a local college. I thought, maybe there is way in which OWS could avoid alienating people by pissing them off and include them somehow. And then I thought, well isn’t this the point, to draw attention to the movement and therefore the injustices that are occurring in this country and around the world? And then I wondered, is there a way we can create a dialogue with these people who may agree with a lot of what’s going on at OWS, and at the same time respect a persons need to get to work on time. Lots of wondering. And then I arrived at my destination.
Now I have a fully fledged, light-saber wielding Fan in the house. Mr 6 is known for his heartfelt passions for the things that interest him. We have thus far lived through The Wiggles era, where he insisted on wearing a yellow shirt every day and being addressed as Sam, and the Ben 10 moment, where he would suddenly belt himself on the wrist, thrash about and then insist he had morphed into a three-metre alien named Humungosaur. But both of these pale into insignificance beside his heartfelt love for Star Wars.
Ha’aretz correspondent Avi Issacharoff reported from Hebron that Ahmed al-Harbawi, brother of the alledged bomber Muhammed al-Harbawi, doesn’t believe his sibling carried out the attack. “I still expect him back,” his mother said in the interview. Issacharoff was unconvinced, however, and described Muhammed as a “bespectacled athlete-turned-suicide bomber” who chose to kill.
Well would you look at that...2 blog posts in one day!
If conservatism involves less government and the basic fiscal responsibility to spend within reach of revenues, fine. I get that and I agree whole-heartedly. The Democrats have little-to-no sense of fiscal responsibility, but the right misjudges their intentions and vilifies them. Most that could carry the label “Liberal” are actually quite charitable at heart, perhaps to a fault, and they want to use the resources of government to administer what they see to be charitable acts, such as financial assistance to the poor, healthcare for the sick, and protection from oppressors (both foreign and domestic). I see the primary disagreement between right and left being that these charitable acts should not be the responsibility of the government, not that these intentions are inherently evil, although the pundits may disagree from within the fishbowls.
As promised above, here is my Sentiment freebie that I've used above. You're free to download it if you like it; click on the image for a larger version, then right click and 'save picture as' to save to your own computer.
In recent years close ties have been established between the two countries, prompting Canon Patrick to visit Armenia for the first time in 2005. He immediately fell in love with the eastern European country and kept going back, becoming increasingly aware of the parallels and contrasts between Armenia and Wales.
A decade ago I browsed the herb section of our local nursery and picked up little 4-inch pots of various herbs. All the herbs came home and I put them in the ground right outside the kitchen window. Among them was a small little rosemary plant.
would want a place in the city that reflected a little of both worlds.
I drank it so fast.
And we all know about beer and cheese.
Arms held wide open,
Or like the rainbow's lovely form,
5. Chase the Train – music by David Matthews
Place half of the chicken on top of the tortillas
"Oh no. And guess what? This is your lucky day!"
Am I being a bit harsh? Any Spidey fans out there? Tell me what you think…
She would certainly be intrigued and she is. His treatment of her - not the "rough wooing" but the with-holding of food and sleep, the insistence that she agree with him even when he says black is white - or in this case the sun is the moon - is all part of a game which she comes to understand and outwit him at.
lying in his urine-soaked cell and blackening his eyes by repeatedly beating himself in the face.
Now how is that for convenience shopping and service :)
We huddled under the porch overhang at the church and Matt felt around for the key, which was above the ornate door frame. As everyone was coming in to sit, he showed me around the church basement where he attended vacation Bible school. We gave tape player responsibility to Alex, who was single. He had to let it play until I got to the altar, then rewind and flip for the exit march on the other side. We also gave him a flashlight in case the power went out.
Music has always been my coping mechanism, or escape if you will. I’ve kept music close to me in a variety of forms. In my younger years, escaping through music meant going to the basement with a stack of somebody else’s 45‘s. I didn’t have a record player and records of my own until later on. My brothers record player, a small record player enclosed in a suitcase like box and their 45s, were all I knew, and I came to depend on them to offer me my escape route – and they did. I kept them long enough for my kids to laugh at. Songs like “James (Hold the Ladder Steady)” by Sue Thompson could keep me singing in the basement for hours. I still know the words to most of those old songs.
Terrance Mann and Stephanie J Block were HANDS DOWN the best Thernardier's I have EVER seen. And mind you I've seen Les Mis eleventy billion times. I have not laughed so hard in the Master of The House scene as I did on Friday. Cameron Mack, let's get these two cast in those roles PRONTO. I'd pay good money to see that again.
-Why the crowning/pushing stage were so painful for me. Now, I did have an easy birth, and the pain of crowning and pushing was actually about what I had expected it would be. But . . . now seeing what was actually happening in my vagina when I birthed this baby, it kinda makes me wonder if the next one will be a totally crazy pain-free birth or something. I can't imagine how much easier it would be to push out only a head. A head is already shaped to fit through the opening provided for the baby. An arm/shoulder/head is not smooth and round.
From the monthly flea market in the picturesque Navilgi, to the hip and trendy Brera (which is one of my favorite places in Milan). I’ll do my best to scout inside every vintage store, upcoming designer boutique, and all sorts of interesting shopping places that can be found around here. Some other days I’ll search over the Internet only the best sites to buy online Stylish Catches.
In heave the rockers rotate in different directions, both blades move down and the increasing gap between their ends is taken up by the drop link. So the blades do not flex and do not contribute to heave stiffness.
2.) Marsi will teach us more about drainage in her second installment on the subject.
Bailey was released from prison in 1965. A year later he would marry Esther Farmer, the widow of Herbert Allen “Deafy” Farmer. Bailey died peacefully in his sleep on March 1, 1979 in Joplin, Mo. His wife, Esther, passed away in 1981.
Tales From the Crypt had the violence, humor, and horror to satisfy a 4 year old but I owe a great deal of my upbringing to Are You Afraid of the Dark? and Goosebumps. These shows represent th few instances where the horror genre directed at kids succeeds, I was legitimately scared by some of these episodes.
-Depressed people are not as influential or successful as Gene Roddenberry, Isaac Asimov, Madame Curie, or even Christopher Nolan. You got to be dedicated to the nerdiness for that kind of success.
Few people know that, even without wind, the windmills must be kept turning, using electricity to avoid mechanical failures.
The behaviors that we worked so hard to keep at bay all year long are coming out again. It's time for a much needed break and some summer fun.
Need to devote some more time to the company that controls gas, but OK, it’s not compulsory, play at football manager on 11×11.ru, win, win, win, draw, loss, win, win, win, draw, loss, win, win, win, draw, loss, loss, win, win, draw, loss, loss, loss, loss, that’s enough now, as much as you can manage, horizontal position and, as usual, sleep.
It is not difficult to guess who lit the fire. In the morning a brand new portable toilet was delivered to the same site!
Gosh, that was dense… and dull… and stupid, really. Do I think that I can fool God? God knows my heart, my soul, that which is here and now doing this and that.
“The addictive process is a recognizable psychological and behavioral syndrome that expresses itself in a particular individual in regard to specific substances or processes but which exhibits a striking similarity and commonality among addicted individuals regardless of their specific circumstances and particular addictions.”
"Well she shouldn't have. The doctor has ordered nothing by mouth, I'm bound to follow his orders, and I've explained why it's detrimental to your health."
Tyler "Come On now I'm done"
● Public Health field experience
I grew up on the West coast but have lived in Minnesota for over twenty five years now. We have two adult children who live nearby, and two lovable mutts who sleep near my desk and keep me company while I write. I have an active imagination and tend to think of crazy things that could possibly happen even under the most innocent of circumstances, or I’ll read something in the news and think that would make a great story if I just changed this and that – which is probably why mystery, suspense and thrillers are my favorite genres to read and also to write.
Love, Abby xx
Material(back):
freaking out over the latest Doctor Who plot twists
Okay, so it’s not particularly robust data scientifically, but it does lead me to take the claim that Hofstede is a more prominent figure than any anthropologist with a small grain of salt.
I smiled. Herbie and Huey had been the only two to stay on home turf. The rest of us had deserted the neighbourhood, our past, and the silent grey wall that divided our rooftops.
The two of us (Oom Robert and myself) had many discussions on this topic, on which we saw eye to eye. He used to use the term "Cape Dutch" for the Cape variety of White Afrikaans-speakers, a term most accurately describing them, and historically sound, being a term which the British themselves coined and used for all Afrikaans-speaking White People, especially in the Cape. I normally say that they are Afrikaans-speaking Englishmen (or women, as the case may be), but as I've previously mentioned, or hinted at, this sickness has spread to beyond the Vaal River.
John G: Jedi or Sith?
I didn't give an inch to Muslim psychos and bullies then. If put in the same position today, I wouldn't give an inch now. (Of course, my columns would probably never even have been printed today.)
Jessica Gonacha It's best when I can be by myself with no interruptions, and lots of music playing. That way I can get into my own world and lose track of time. I look at a lot of books to get inspired, and going on a walk always gets my creative juices flowing!
aesthetic excess, OK? OK, I
Which brings me to one of my main points… I’m not capable of providing for my family. I have an education worth over $120,0000 and I can’t find a job better than managing a Bob Evans… and apparently I did not do that well because I injured myself to the point that I’m permanently maimed and still may lose my finger. I’m 35 years old and I am unable to take care of my wife and cat. If not for my generous brother and his fiancée I would be out on the street.
at the clock with no hands that go round
5. Murdoch himself will become embroiled in the affair.
The film's title characters are likewise a multicultural cross between Bing Crosby and Bob Hope from the "Road to..." pictures, and Jack Lemon and Walter Mathau's "Odd Couple" characters--Harold is of Korean extraction and Kumar has Indian roots, but they are both very firmly American. They serve as the primary conduit for the film's running commentary on what a bad idea it is to buy into the notion that there is such a thing as "race identity" and the film's constant use of stereotypes to both undermine that they are useful when dealing with other individuals and to make points about how they may even limit our ideas about ourselves. (Kumar, for example, spends so much time fighting against the stereotypical notion that Indians are either overachieving doctors or store clerks that he's been ignoring his own exceptional abilities and talents, while Harold has so bought into the notion that Asians are boring numbers-crunchers that he's been denying himself and Kumar all sorts of opportunities for partying and more.
Just a quick blogpost tonight - it is raging and storming outside, and I love moody weather!
Kiriakou also was alleged to have lied to a CIA review board while he was seeking permission to publish a book about his experience.
Surrounding yourself with healthier snack food is definitely a good strategy for avoiding the extra fat and calories during the game.
That's pretty much it for the laundry room. Oh, here is a picture of what has been shadowing me all morning. I whipped out the camera and heard "cheese... Cheese... CHEEEEEEEESE" so I snapped this. He is pure unadulterated trouble.
-Eleanor Roosevelt.
I hope that things could be simpler, where happiness doesn’t come with a price tag, like how I was taught, and how I witnessed from my surroundings. Of course happiness comes with a price, but not necessarily in monetary terms.
"Foodie mentor" introduced me to the place a while ago, during another dineLA restaurant week - and I had a Foie Gras with Haricots Verts Salad soaked in truffle vinaigrette that I will never forget, Handcut Steak Tartare layered with caviar, and the creamiest panna cotta for dessert. It was one of the most amazing meals I had ever had in LA, and definitely the best dineLA deal by far that year.
Henri Fantin-Latour (1836-1904) was a French painter best known for his floral paintings and portraits. Although friends with several famous impressionist painters, Fantin-Latour remained a conservative and realistic artist throughout his life.
From ‘Paan Singh Tomar’ to ‘Vicky Donor’, word of mouth has ensured that good films do not go unnoticed.
Accessory1031 in dpik / dark pink (sold out, the link does not even exist anymore) (click here for pic). I think that I was kind of disappointed with this one. I thought that it would look a little better. I was not expecting much though from a $1 hairband. I will sell this one in the future.
Non-metal post and a quickie, here's a single promo track from Greece's Lamentation which was later renamed Nachtkaiser and featured Der Stürmer personnel. This track was also released later under Nachtkaiser monicker on a compilation tape, which I haven't heard so I don't know if it's the same recording or different somehow. Anyways, this one I got from my trader around 1997 I think.
CP: No not really an impact. I like bands like Depeche Mode because the do pop music always with a little sad and sometimes dark influence. There are many artists I really like and respect but I don’t think that they had an impact.
Butzel acknowledged that the case likely would be consolidated with the DDDB case.
Such developments are providing some of the first tangible benefits of the genetic revolution. Yet some social critics fear they may also be giving long-discredited racial prejudices a new potency. The notion that race is more than skin-deep, they fear, could undermine principles of equal treatment and opportunity that have relied on the presumption that we are all created equal.
Molly Alexander was taken. Her body hurt, her mind not clear. She still had no idea why all she knew was she was safe with this man named Dare. Molly knew the one thing she had to do and that was to find out who would kidnap her. As a writer she had a few enemies but none she knew that would go to this extreme. Molly will put her trust into Dare as they faced her attackers and the attraction which sizzled between them.
David Sutton – And I Shall Go in the Devil’s Name
Workbox/File 9:The Story of Painting, read pages 25-32, 25 minutes
Today Penang and George Town are a tourist destination and three days did not give me time to see it all. The largest population is Chinese and Indian. Most of the streets of George Town are narrow and only allow enough room for one car and one pedestrian to pass safely.
And, for a baby girl that does NOT like to ride in the car, you were an absolute sweetie during our 8 hour car ride to the beach! But, that's another post :)
I have lived through the last quarter of a union which brought great benefit to many countries including Scotland. I wish I was in my first year of university instead of being 86. Soon I will die. To die will be an awfully big adventure. But not as big an adventure as being young in our newly awakened Scotland.
Let’s look at the background. These Jews rejected Jesus Christ and had Him nailed to the cross. Would they treat His follower any better? They stoned the deacon Stephen in the temple right there in Jerusalem. Would Paul fare any better? They allowed James, one of the twelve, to be killed with the sword in Acts 12:2. Would they treat Paul any differently? God knew what these people were like and sought to preserve His apostle for his future work.
At least nine people were arrested for blocking roads in Tel Aviv.
(A) Freedom, Able to do.
Then think about this: the PLCB says they're not paying for the kiosks, that Simple Brands LP (no link given because they have no website...and isn't that odd for this ostensibly "hi-tech" company?) is making money in other ways: the advertising on the kiosks, for instance, and...hey, wait a minute...how do the wines that get into the kiosks as your only choices get picked? The PLCB says they're picking them, but that would seem to be a problem for "ad revenue." Is this a slotting fee scenario? Because I thought that was illegal for booze. Far as that goes, what's Wegmans get out of it? The lure of the kiosk? Garces Trading Company, anyone?
Last weekend I spontaneously met at friend in Harvard Square on a Sunday afternoon to wander 'round May Fair. I'd just returned home from a baby shower held earlier in the day, and in a rush to change and meet her, I grabbed a shirt I last remembered wearing on another date, one from this past fall, when I thought all of my romantically inclined stars had finally aligned. I was caught off guard for a moment, for I had made a conscious effort to tuck away all of those recent fall memories deep in the recesses of my brain where I needn't bother with them again. Still though, for a few quick seconds, that was what that shirt brought to mind. Until I put it on and decided, no more of that weighted memory for this lovely plaid shirt. Instead, it is now the shirt I wear on a sunny May day, when I'm off to meet a dear friend for ice cream...and maybe later, if we're feeling crazy, a glass of champagne. Which is exactly what we did.
A few reasons I chose this room:
Your fucking space? I thought it was a public park.
Learning by doing, electronic system with electronic feedback, scaffolding and hints, if students don’t ask for hints, they may be moved further along while others get more opportunity for practice.
The wife wants a wood stove in case the electricity goes out. I think that's silly. We aren't in Alaska, after all.
The episode where the insanity of the season thus far is explained out a bit. Normally that would make for a week episode, but they did that well enough, while also having a heartbreaking moment as Connor is forced by Evil Cordelia to do something awful.
They created these cute bird characters for a pilot TV show, The Tweets! We love how they get into so much mischief!
Heating blueberries seems to explode their flavor, so let’s toss those two together with a little topping and bake ‘em up for dessert.
Have a good day..
by Kate
and petals fall in her wake of the ultimate knowing that all hold dear and share.
"South Sudan
In a weird and rather well timed coincidence, there's a Steampunk night happening in The Sugar Club on the 25th February, details here. Intriguing, no?
Spray a loaf pan with cooking spray. (You can't free-form this meatloaf. It's too wet.) Place turkey mixture into the pan and bake for one hour.
I was already willing to settle for Romney once before back in 2008, but thanks to Huckabee we wound up getting stuck with McCain... so instead of a candidate with an iffy record and good salesmanship, we wound up getting one with an iffy record and no discernable desire to even win the election. Let's not do that one ever again, please.
I already had the seeds for a heroine planted with the working title Galactic Empress. I tried folding in the adventure tale twist and actually came up with a story that has a doable main plot with feasible subplots. The main characters are young adults in the 15-17 age range. The setting is a space opera. The plot is a bit of Indiana Jones meets Princess Leia. Hmmm.
And then Moon felt himself been lifted on top of doggy shoulders and getting carried away into the short grass above the sea.
Well, that proved a theory I suspected.
Follow Peter as he exchanges his blood-stained clothing for tailored suits, his scalpel for fine-crafted daggers, and reinvents himself as the newest vampire-child in a coven of decadent sophisticates. He even takes on the name ‘Flynn’ – a child of red – in honor of his new-found devilish side, and to remove one of the last tethers to his human past.
The ship's entertainment areas are at the front and back of the ship, which sometimes means a long walk through a maze of cabins in-between. It did reveal such personalised gems as Just Married balloons for honeymooning couples, or a birthday message for a passenger. Each cabin is looked after by the same cleaning attendant. Whenever we bumped into ours in the corridor, he would always greet us by name with a cheerful smile.
The Torah tells us that upon purging the bayit menuga of tum’ah, the kohen would do a special ritual in it. The kohen would take two birds. One would be sacrificed, and the other would be set free.
If she wears black,
Anti-Semitic is your condition,
we all have the same holes in our hearts...
I also do not ask unreasonable prices for performances and merchandise with where I'm at in my career. At the same time, I try not to get ripped off.
So Dawn, this card is for you-A GREAT BIG THANK YOU for another year of amazing inspiration!
So, let that be a lesson for you. Now, hold my adjustable wrench while I rub Swarfega into the naked thighs of this leather-clad teaching assistant.
I am human. Which means that sometimes I just go through the motions and say the right thing. Sometimes I say it but don't feel it. Which is exactly why God reminded me 3 times yesterday. Let me explain. My Mom is very sick and my Dad was hurt very badly in a fall. Both have been in the hospital. I have been praying for them and asking everyone I can to also pray for them. Even after all the prayers I still felt alone. I told myself that it was all good, that I KNOW God is with them and with me, that God has a plan and I trust it. But saying it and feeling it were two different things. That changed yesterday. It was one of those summer days where the sun was shining, then cloudy, then sunny. It even rained a little bit. Three times yesterday I took my new puppy out for a potty break and saw the most amazing cloud formations. Huge, tall, billowy, beautiful clouds with the sun shining on them. The kind of images you find in professional photography magazines.
Genre: a young adult paranormal romance/urban fantasy
There are 3 learning style catagories, each scored 12-60 points.
Confidentiality is a key message that was drummed in over and over and over again.
Back to Herbst’s study: Not content to let women own their own funk, he used a different measure of well-being — happiness is notoriously hard to measure, if not define — to find that men’s life satisfaction had not only declined as much as women’s over the past two decades, but had gone south even more rapidly than women’s in recent years:
Double-dipping in Hungary, here’s the song that came draw 2nd with Vizio, Learning to let go by Gabor Heincz, or Heincz Gabor if you prefer. It couldn’t be more different from Mr Caramel’s offering, as it’s light of note and jaunty of step, one of those songs that require you to hop from one side to another in your brain as it progresses. He was a backing singer in the Eurovision a couple of years ago, and the song’s a jolly little thing with a certain je ne sais quoi; if I knew quoi, I would tell you.
Someone please smack me so I don't hurt them!
Instead of considering each business process or group in individually, commercial property managers should take a wider perspective and make decisions in respect to common technologies. Think of it as the same way users can choose which operating system they enjoy, and then load common technology platforms to create a system that works throughout the property. For example, most commercial spaces are littered with 2×2, 2×4, and down-lighting – fixtures containing inefficient technology. Manufacturers have developed innovative components to replace these current inefficient lighting solutions with more efficient versions.
She has been a good friend to me, supporting my goals as an artist and author from the beginning of my life as an art blogger to today. She is real, funny, soooo talented, and a true pioneer. I am thrilled that she is part of my book because the landscape of the mixed media community would look very different without Linda, her point of view, and her creativity. She seemed to me to be the perfect bookend with which to complete the 31/31 series. Thanks Linda!
All because of you,
I know from my MSc research, that the practical determinant of whether someone is prosecuted for an offence whilst mentally ill is “whether they are sectionable under the Mental Health Act on the day they were arrested”. If you are sectionable, you will most likely be diverted; if you are not, then you probably won’t be. This discovery invites consideration of why people with enduring mental illness, who do not happen to be so acutely unwell upon arrest to require immediate admission, are not also considered for the potential to be ‘diverted’. It also invites consideration of why we are not seeing more serious offences prosecuted of those who are mentally ill. Insanity is a defence to be raised in court and “every man is presumed to be sane and responsible” according to law.
Subacute toxicity study of the combination of ginseng (Panax ginseng) and ashwagandha (Withania somnifera) in rats: a safety assessment.
I have made it many different ways; you don't need to always have the cabbages or specific combination of veggies it mentions. I just usually cut up the kale and add whatever heartier salad-y fresh veggies I have with the dressing (good examples: cabbage, carrots, onions, peppers, cucumbers, etc.). I love the "make-ahead" convenience of it, and I really love it with a generous dose of leftover roast chicken included. It lasts in the fridge for a couple of days without wilting. Perfect fast lunch!
Of of course, HSN CEO MIndy Grossman put her two cents in, too.
My first encounter to broccoli was "scary"! I thought I was eating a wicked moss ball.
Splitting his time equally between smelling cheeeldren and stalking about balletically brandishing lollipops in their general direction, The Child Catcher was in the employ Baron and Baroness Bomburst and charged to capture and imprison any errant children from the streets of Vulgaria, a task he undertook with all due evil relish.
Following superstars can be purchased from wwe boutique if you accept the authentic bulk of money as able-bodied as if you accept completed the authentic task.
It’s too dark to read in the morning, but on the way home I stick my nose in a book. People usually leave me alone, but not today.
- Built-in Airflex Valve
Describing her style is difficult, she has such a unique touch in my opinion. All I can say is that her attention to details, her use of whimsy and colors are incredible. Visiting her blog always bring a smile to my face.
Old story. Saw her across the room at a party.
Sometime during the summer of 2008, I discovered Regina’s Bitten by the Bug site. Wow! What an incredible source of inspiration! I bookmarked that blog and visited every week. I really wanted to be a part of that amazing team.
To this day, if I get pulled over for speeding, I just grab my insurance and registration and hand it to the cop with a smile. Am I happy when I get pulled over? No. But I deserve it. I broke the rules.
The idea that “doing nothing,” is actually an event in and of itself. The idea that we no longer run on a treadmill of activity from getting the kids ready for school, to brushing our teeth, to conference calls, to picking up kids, fixing dinner, and bed- only to start over again. The idea that our actions day to day become influenced by our instincts and no longer by routines, shoulds, and musts.
"But Mousie, thou art no thy lane,
If you recall, I shared this gorgeous bowl of oats with you a few days ago.
The presidents of the two building’s board as well as a local official were in charge of distribution. Ismet, our family friend and neighbor, was one of the men in charge. Tall and gregarious, always ready with a witty remark or a hilarious joke, he filled our childhood memories with great fun.
I’m not an adrenaline junkie. My heart rate never rose above 58.
After that, I got back in the tub and labored awhile longer. At 1pm my midwife checked again and I was at a 10. I was a bit shocked when she told me. I kept thinking, I feel no urge to push. I told her and she reassured me some women don't, she told me my water hadn't broken yet and that could be why, she we got to work trying to get my water broken. I bounced on the yoga ball, swayed with Marc, and stomped around my house before my midwife finally said she would break my water if it hadn't in 30 minutes. Around 1:40 pm, she broke my water. It was a relieving feeling, I felt lighter. The contractions were back and worse. I was laying on my bed wiggling around trying to move to alleviate the pain. It hit me right after the contraction that I still felt no urge to push, she told me to relax back in the tub and to push with each contraction, with that she told my mom and sisters to come outside with her so that Marc and I could be alone for awhile.
The sun that pushed amber through his glass, also illuminated his smile. Although tinged with suggestiveness it also contained pure admiration. He knew Martina batted for the pink side and he respected it. He was sort of doffing his cap, in admiration.
Back to Boxxxxed I toddled, in time for what turned out to be the best set of the entire festival. Teeth Of The Sea played what I suppose I could only describe as ‘huge-sounding psychedelic industrial’, with nice little oddments like tribal drumming and trumpet (I was reminded of Morricone again, funnily enough. Maybe if Morricone had ever scored a sci-fi film) overlaid. They had a really dynamic sound, even though most of the set was all at high volume – there was a real feeling of movement within the music. Capable of hitting as hard as anyone else when doing a hard-hitting bit but also flinging you into space when needs be, Teeth Of The Sea won Supersonic 2011.
It’s now two years since Vika spent her first Christmas with the Carlisle family. Tanya, now Zari, has come to fit in to the family well and is thriving in her new environment. But a year long illness has left the family with financial issues and has caused difficulty in coming up with the increased adoption fees now requested by the Ukrainian facilitator.
It helps me right awl stiles two reed,
Managed living four years with my trial.
With beautifully directed dream sequences and lead acting roles with Shannon and Jessica Chastain as his wife, it will pull you into his life and visions having you question what the truth is the whole time. You are side by side with the main characters feeling what they feel through the extent of the entire film.
VG: Well, I love all William Golding’s books. ‘The Fall’, ‘The Inheritors’, ‘Pincher Martin’, ‘The Spire’ - and his best known one, but the one he thought was his weakest - ‘The Lord of the Flies’.
Also, I feel like a fraud without an actual book I can hold up to prove I AM a writer. I can just picture the scepticism as Gladys demands to see my credentials, wanting tangible proof that I know what I'm wittering about.
Of little leaves opening stickily.
I pulled out a pile of pinks and lavenders and set them with some Kona pink. And yes, the backing is pink Minkee -- it is so soft. I am definitely going to be putting some Minkee on the next quilt I make for myself.
So if this little note has made you think s^*$ I really do need to do that, think about why it is you’re putting it off. Then break the task down into small achievable goals with a date and a time to complete them, starting with the biggest and most challenging first.
“Now, now,” I replied. “I can’t read every book from cover to cover before giving it as a present. I naturally assumed from the title that it would instruct your good lady in some of the manoeuvres you’ve been watching on the satellite porn channel.”
In this album i felt that Stam1na experimented even more than usual, especially with sound effects, but still kept their distinct identity. Producer Joe Barresi certainly had a great influence in these experiments letting the band go beyond the ordinary and forcing them to be a little crazier (if that is actually possible). Also, for the first time (if i am not mistaken), Stam1na features a track in english, Nomad, a great and fast paced song with a catchy chorus and a solo that reminded me of Steve Vai. Ei Encorea is another great track that i got hooked immediately, together with Rabies (a neck breaker), Puolikas Ihminen and Valtiaan Uudet Vaateet, which, the chorus gives me goosebumps every time i listen, for some reason. I didn’t have time (courage) to translate the lyrics yet, that will take a while, so i don’t know what they are about. The CD booklet features the lyrics but also some interesting writings in english, random quotes from each member of the band and some very nice photographs…
Catalog#: CDCBS 26161, CK 39542
New Ciao 36 Colors
This project uses a combination of new and retired products. The stamp sets that I used are Just Baseball and Sporting (both retired). I bought these sets when they were on sale for half price because I knew in the near future I would have some little athletes in the family. I even had to mount them before using them as these sets were pre-diecut sets, I really am thrilled our sets are all diecut now. I also used the new Pennant Punch which was great for this project.
Why, Lord? Why would You do this? For me, of all people?
As an unpublished author, what I take from this is that our book has to be tight rather than long. No lovely, but unimportant expositionary paragraphs. If it doesn’t add something, take it away. Also, it would help to become famous. If a name in big print sells books then it would help if that name belonged to the nice man off the telly or the pretty lady in the newspaper, not some ned who you’ve never heard of.
Nowadays, an adventure into an Asian market means I come home with armloads of lemongrass, kaffir lime leaves, galangal rhizomes and chiles, jars of shrimp paste and discs of palm sugar and tamarind. These are the bases from which I construct my nowadays curries, and for me, it was a major phone-in to make dinner from a tub (even though I'm pretty sure that's what the restaurants use).
Meanwhile, we have two new things for you to enjoy - firstly, Olaf Schneider's brand new animation, posted above. This features a never-before-heard recording of Russell Hoban reciting one of his own poems, Rivers In Your Mind from The Last of the Wallendas, which he made expressly in 2002 for Olaf to turn into an animation. (If you can't see the video above try viewing in on YouTube.) You can also see more of Olaf's fantastic SA4QE animations here. Secondly we are publishing today the results of our December/January Russell Hoban reader survey to which scores of fans responded with their favourite books, quotes and characters.
"Lee Lofland is a veteran police investigator who began his law-enforcement career working as an officer in Virginia's prison system. He later became a sheriff's deputy, a patrol officer, and finally, he achieved the highly-prized gold shield of detective. Along the way, he gained a breadth of experience that's unusual to find in the career of a single officer."
I’m trying to find comfort in knowing he is no longer suffering, and for a moment yesterday I even envied him. I wish my pain were over, too.
By choosing to live a creative life, I have made a commitment to my muse: she is always welcome in my house. That means that I will remain open to inspiration at all times, regardless of what I might have to sacrifice to do so. So far, I have only had to sacrifice money, security, and routine, all of which I am lucky enough to have no taste for.
Imagine: a marvelous mountain-scape with an awe-inspiring sunset and cumulus cloud formation behind it. You want to capture the snowcap, the trees, that waterfall and river but there is too much dynamic range for your camera to capture. Surely that tiny little flash can’t light up that mountain so what can one do?
Put mixture in food processor and add garlic-onion mixture, vinegar, orange juice, coriander, olive oil, yogurt and salt and pepper. Fold in chopped parsley.
Jolene was in Star Trek Enterprise. Popular music is a form of private
2 tablespoon spiced rum (optional)
I've been meaning to read this since it was short-listed for the Booker so now I have the perfect opportunity. Set in Berlin in 1939, it's about black jazz player who is arrested despite being a German citizen. He is never heard from again, but what really happened?
Mom released a scream of fearful elation as she bolted for the house yelling her son's name. She ran into the boy's bedroom so I redirected her to his older sister's bedroom across the hall. She ran over to the closet, fell to her knees and scooped up the bundle of bedding and boy. She repeatedly screamed his name as the outpouring emotion took over. The boy awoke confused and dazed to be in his hysterical mother's arms.
I use gloves and apply grout by hand but there are several little tools that can be used. Make sure grout is pressed firmly into the areas between the tiles. Once fully applied, with a very damp sponge wipe the excess grout off the tiles. If grout starts to come out, simply replace it with your fingers and press.
I received this book from the author to read and honestly review. I was not compensated in any way for said review.
A place in the gardens in death.
Which stereotype do/did you fall under in school? (e.g. The Jock, the cheerleader, goth, geek etc)
I went ahead and took Mr. G to a free lesson anyway, since he wanted to join so badly, and besides, physical exercise and learning to defend yourself was not a bad thing.
He was sleeping. Rude bugger that I am, I stroked his paws, and legs. He open his eyes a crack, and then stretched.
Or, export them to Cuba or Russia or France or other socialist countries where they'll obviously be much happier.
'Come and rest with me, my child.'
I was glad to hear, however, that people took full advantage of the finale, with lines for the tents reaching record proportions. The pupusa and huarache lines were longest. (They always were.) Regroup, my friends. Don't give up. We want you back.
My plan to remedy that?
The bus pulled along side of the curb, its brakes squeal light protests, as a small gathering of passengers wait their turn to board. Giggling One and Giggling Two step out into the aisle, spin on their heals into a choreographed pantomime of wildly exaggerated masturbation and cast accusations in the humiliating way only youth can laughingly pull off. The pervert ousted as the girls sprint between the aisle, Jack couldn’t help but love the moment as the Khakis with his deep pocket went about feigning a great misunderstanding caught in a dire spell of simply scratching his inner thigh; rhythmically over and over again. The girls brushed by Matilda in slow motion, their words like a low haunting trailing behind them and giggled their way off the bus and Mattie Dear could not help but feel insulted by life's incredulous indiscretions and lack of discretion in the face of her final moments.
His fur is thinning out along the folds around his mouth, and in a subtle patchwork all around his nose and eyes.
Paper: Riding Hood Red, more mustard, choc chip & whisper white
I have not made anything super exciting really. I did make a good pot roast. We are military and a move is looming, so I am cleaning out the fridge and freezer. I took a roast and two half jars of spaghetti sauce in the crock pot and let it cook for a while. It was really good. We were kind of surprised.
I’ve started a lot of drafts about a lot of different things, but this time I hope to finish this post and publish it.
I walked my dog on the beach early this morning but the evening was so nice that I decided on another outing.
They are campy, but my girls love them. The Moon Pie Slider features the Haunted Forest a la carte stamp from page 43 of the Holiday Mini. The butterfly punch fairy's wings were coated in our new Dazzling Details glitter glue (page 41)....Easy and FAST.....I just had to wait for it to dry.
I feel freer than I ever have to be myself because I am not try to do things to bring a man back or prepare myself just in case he comes back or beat myself up because it ended or tell myself that he is coming back. Instead, I just say there are more men out there that you can have a life with and be incredibly happy, and things pop into perspective. Thank you for that truth moment in my life.
…be in awe of Him.
Not again. I freeze. She tells me, “Inside.” I won’t budge. She takes my front legs and puts them on the seat. Then she lifts my hindquarters and puts them on the seat too. Before I can protest, she closes the door and gets into the front of the car.
Following our visit, I thought of how wonderful it is that Christ dwells within the believer and knows our every thought even during the fogginess of old age. No interpretation or guessing needed.
While the wings are in the oven, assemble the ingredients for the sauce in a small saucepan, and cook over medium heat. Whisk occasionally until the butter has melted, and then taste and season with salt or more honey if desired. (This is where I'll be trying HALF as much sriracha sauce next time!) Set aside until ready to use.
If you’ve never had chia seeds, like us, they have no flavor so don’t worry. They are hard and somewhat crunchy, but it’s no different than raspberry seeds. (I found them at a natural food store, our grocery stores didn’t have them, which is normal considering most weeks you can’t even find basil)
—There’s a lovely true story about that. At the time Charles Dickens was writing Oliver Twist he had a friend who was working at the Houses of Parliament as an artist. Anyway a squabble broke out between the artist and one of the MPs over a woman, and the MP got the artist sacked. When the artist relayed this to Dickens, Dickens said he would immortalise the scoundrel by naming a nasty character after him in the latest book he was writing. The MP’s name was Bill Sykes.)
The same man who raped was also a kind father who loved to take his daughter hiking in the woods and look for chantarelles. He always knew where to find the treasures, he always “gave them” to me. His greatest joy was to sit and watch me go bananas in joy and picking all of them.
1. Heat oil in sauce pan, add cumin seeds and green chilli.
I am inclined to think, along with Aquinas, that God actually has no intrinsic properties relating him to the world (such as ‘God is the Lord of the world’ which would only become true of God at the moment of creation, implying God could change his intrinsic properties). Rather, I think, with St. Thomas, that these are just constructs in the mind – that God doesn’t have any essential relations to the world in this strong sense.
As agents, the electronic rights playing field is literally shifting daily. (Ah, where did those sleepy days of just doing book deals go?)
“Bambootility Shop originates from the requests of global consumers and corporate clients who want to buy bamboo products after visiting Bambootility.com. Bambootility Shop showcases the highest quality bamboo products and creates a luxurious shopping experience. Bambootility Shop gives companies and customers a one-stop location for ‘sustainable products’ in the bamboo sector,” said Founder & CEO, Ed Johnson.
Happy times
Votara still wasn’t sure whether or not he had hallucinated that exchange. After all, he had been promised food, water, and freedom, and yet he was still locked in a cell. Were the Imperials just trying to torture him further? Was this part of some sadistic game they were playing? He didn’t know.
Over the past few years, Jewish holidays . . . have acquired an additional meaning beyond their religious foundation. It is in mankind's nature to seek meaning, and the incredible pace of modern day life puts us in a never-ending quest for more meaning.
A few online reviewers shared the same fear. And what did they do? Those untrusting souls freaked out, sautéed everything first and dumped on sauce. Shame on them! All they did was waste time, cook away nutrients and drown these rich, perfect flavors in a bottle of blah!
6%ABV. Deep reddish or Merlot colors. Apple or fruit cider on the nose. Tart apple flavors are the first notes with a pucker or tart finish.
“Exactly! What are those markings? Now my conjecture is that—“ A knock on the door interrupts her thoughts and causes the intern to jump away and run to answer it.
Mr. Barrios is a historian, an anthropologist and investigator. After studying with traditional elders for 25 years since the age of 19, he has also became a Mayan Ajq’ij, a ceremonial priest and spiritual guide, Eagle Clan. Years ago, along with his brother, Gerardo, Carlos initiated an investigation into the different Mayan calendars. He studied with many teachers. He says his brother Gerardo interviewed nearly 600 traditional Mayan elders to widen their scope of knowledge.
and none of it makes sense.
The show went ahead and was beamed via satellite from Berlin to London where it was webcast live to the world. A full recording of this inspiring show can be found here
Funny book and even better you'll also learn something.
So far, so more-or-less up-to-date. Davis speedily glosses over the rise of poets such Eavan Boland and Eiléan Ní Chuileanáin, ‘opening the way for a wave of younger women,’ and those working in Irish, such as Michael Davitt, Nuala Ní Domnaill and Cathal Ó Searcaigh, as well as the rise of the Celtic Tiger, the developing peace process in the North – in fact all those concerns of Irish poets writing within the last thirty years.
Here's the washi 'stash' all neatly organized. I rolled them, secured them with little binder clips (another Dollar Store find) and put them on a large binder ring. This is why I had to add the belt loop to my Journal on the Go! The shorter pieces were just tucked into one of the pockets.
Hi I was wondering if you’re possibly available. Yeah 04 to get together for an hour I did
Today, it was about crackers. Triscuits to be exact. I’ve been home studying all day like a good little girl and at one point began craving a little salty snack. I open the cupboard and there I find a box of Triscuits. There are literally a few tiny morsels left and I decide to eat them.
THE PRESENT TENSE CAN JAR UNCOMFORTABLY WITH SUBJECT MATTER. Somehow, present tense narration has a very modern feel to it. So I can put my finger on no more scientific reason for my aversion to reading certain stories in the present tense than that sometimes it can make the writing seem to contemporary (or too edgy) for the subject matter in the book.
As a teaser for the forthcoming Sound of Fear event at London's South Bank Centre on 3 September, The Guardian are running a piece I've written about the art of the horror movie soundtrack. You can read it here.
-At home I often complain that nobody likes to just sit around and play games anymore. Unschoolers LOVE to sit around and play games. There were constant games of Bananagrams (in which the parent table was about 10 times as loud as the teen/young adult table), several games of BS, and an awesome game of Yahtzee, aka The Game That Makes People Flee in Terror. I think perhaps I'll start carrying dice and a Yahtzee score card in my purse in case I am ever accosted in a dark alley. My attacker will either want to play, or they will run screaming in the other direction.
I read a review of Ghost of Ping-Ling yesterday in a magazine called "Magpies", which is a kind of round-up of children's books and writing for children in general.
I’m headed off to teach a Screenwriting Tricks workshop in Cleveland (open to all, if you’re in that part of the country, see here).
It has been about a year now since a Kindle first arrived on my doorstep, and a glance at the contents of my little electronic friend will quickly tell you what I have become accustomed to using it for. The majority of the digital books I have stored away for a rainy day are German-language classics, books I'm not quite sure of but would like to give a go, and it is for this availability of free classic texts that I am extremely grateful. While blindly perusing Teutonic novellas doesn't always work out for the best (e.g. Die Glücksritter, Die Judenbuche), more often than not (e.g. Theodor Storm, Theodor Fontane, Lena Christ) I've come up with some new favourite writers.
Registrants will receive confirmation by email or post.
“We don’t believe he had an accomplice involved in the shooting aspect of this,” Captain Barnes said. “However, we are still looking into other possibilities.”
Any eggs that float or whose butts tilt upward are discarded because it means that air has entered the shell and you can no longer guarantee that they haven’t been contaminated. Throw those suckers out.
During the first year residential robbery was defined, 9 063 cases were recorded and since then the figure has grown steadily, with 14 481 incidents logged for 2007-2008.
Was it worth it? I'll find out later today when everyone takes a bite! I had a blast making it. Alton's recipe calls for his spiced pecans, which are seasoned with cayenne and cumin. This pie will be served to traditionalists and kids, so I used plain pecan halves instead. I toasted them in a cake pan in a preheated 350 degree oven for approximately 7 minutes.
There will be a hat, however,
I had a lot of fun doing all that research. Because I had a solid theme this year--unlike in 2011--I could plan ahead and had everything scheduled by the end of April 1. It took a big load off blogging for the rest of the month, since all I had to do was edit the posts the day before and comment. I wouldn't necessarily recommend scheduling ahead of time for everyone's style is different, but for relatively factual and static post subjects, I think it works. Scheduling has greatly caught on with me, actually, because I get the impulse to do it with all of my posts now.
Top Ten Things You Don't Want To Hear At A Gas Station
The Sudanese president further reiterated continuation of the mobilization against any attempt of aggression against Sudan, saying “we will continue until every inch of our homeland in South Kordofan and Blue Nile areas is liberated from the remnants of the Sudan People’s Liberation Army (SPLA).”
Am I bothering you, telling how my day went?
Sitting by the pool, I was reading a Rue Morgue magazine (their recent 100th issue) where they discuss the changes in horror movies over the duration of the magazine's circulation of thirteen years. It got me thinking - what decade was the best for horror movies? Not surprisingly, I'm partial to the seventies, but it's not really a "no brainer". There were some damn good horror flicks in the 60s and 80s.
Anyway, it was very much a success. There was far more fun and happiness than I expected, and also far less crying.
My daughter is heart-broken. Truly. I have been so good with all of this emotionally but this morning I was just sad. And she was holding me and telling me she wishes it were different. And in her 15-year-old mind trying to make me feel better said…”Well mom at least you don’t have to shave his head or his ears again…”
Ethan Miller (Howlin Rain/Comets on Fire) crafts a slowed down epic out of “Til the Morning Comes”
One of the clerics came forward to heal the unconscious and foolhardy wizard. (Or was he? One theory suggests that the wizard may have run forward in some vain attempt to “rescue” or otherwise save his damsel, or possibly even sacrifice himself for her.) The dragon was happy to have two snacks before him and after a flight of ranged attacks towards him, including a savage arrow strike that did quadruple damage and tore open his throat, thanks to a critical hit card, the dragons turn came around again. Most of the characters were still stuck on the stairs.
Then I tried one.
Commonwealth of Learning
Real Mexican Food. So says the sign front and center at La Hacienda Taqueria in San Rafael. Bright and friendly inside, it also has an outside patio the length of the building which was noticeably popular. The staff smiled and attended to us right away.
If you're a student, or just a reader interested in literature outside the mainstream, come along: the Facebook page for the event is here. Would that such events were around when I was a student in Delhi at the end of the nineties; then my education in Indian literature would have taken far less time than it did. In those days there was no transmission of information about events on the Internet; nobody ever invited me to anything; I was confined to English literature classes at Delhi University, and my only outings in culture were viewings of obscure (but beautiful) films in the hushed, prayerful atmosphere of the Iranian Cultural Centre on Ferozeshah Road. This was in its own way not such a regrettable matter, as those films have decisively influenced my aesthetic beliefs, but all I meant to say is that if such an event had taken place in 1999 and I'd known about it I'd have definitely gone for it -- and so should you.
I'm excited today, not only is the weekend here, but I get to spend the day creating and crafting with a some good friends at a 12 hr crop! Sometimes I think we do more socializing than creating but it's all good fun just the same.
I was so excited that I drove 20 miles to the nearest really good cookware store and bought the 10-inch x 2-inch tart pan with removable bottom. I also walked next door to get the $13 dollar bottle of bourbon. I even searched three different grocery stores for Lyle's Golden Syrup, which was on sale at Harris Teeter for $4.59. Whew.
3 tsp ground cinnamon
bench press 45×8, 95×8, 145×8, 155×5, 155×5, 155×5, 155×5
My oldest saw these pancakes a while ago and really really wanted them. I finally caved and surprised my family with them this weekend. Weekends used to be our pancake days, we're all home to sit and eat (sadly I get glutened even making pancake batter, so we haven't been having pancake weekends). I cooked up some sausage link and these yummies for them. I cheated today and used a box of buttermilk pancake mix, and my batter came out thick. I honestly wasn't going to blog about them, I just wanted to get them made and feed them....but when I flipped these out onto the plates, I was WOWed. I had too. Then when they started eating them, I knew I had to. They raved about them, even Mr. They said they may never want plain pancakes again. =)
Someone I was never pals with, but he wasn't part of the enemy camp either.
The problem with these things though is that they are flimsy, don't lie completely flat, and the factory edges are not straight at all. Also, I don't think I had the right tools to cut these... I was using a steak knife.
sometimes I.
hairfreé® brushes are unlike any other styling brushes on the market today. hairfreé® brushes are very versatile, in that, no matter your ethnicity or the type of hair you have, be it fine, thick, curly or straight hair hairfreé® brushes work well. hairfreé® brushes can be used as, a regular styling brush or a vent brush. To the best of my knowledge there are no other brushes on the market today that can do that!
Nobody cared that Felicity had lost her mice. She had definitely had seven the day before, but now there were none, nor any traces of mouse – a forensic examination could not have detected their presence. Felicity had gone up and down the corridor asking her neighbours for help, but nobody knew anything.
Bolívar had great difficulties maintaining control of the vast Gran Colombia. During 1826, internal divisions had sparked dissent throughout the nation and regional uprisings erupted in Venezuela, thus the fragile South American coalition appeared to be on the verge of collapse.
Puts a serious damper on my love for general admission concerts, lemme tell ya.
these benefits do not attach to this particular sole practitioner
All-purpose seasoning
She hangs up.
Now back at BeerRant headquarters, I’m trying to make sense of a plethora of pumpkin and spice beers and hoping I’ll be nimble-minded enough to keep everything straight in my head long enough to get the experience posted. My heck, beer blogging is tough.
Ahhhhh, the move. That's what we're calling it around here now. The Move. It's spoken of a lot. Like, "we don't have your dress up dresses yet because of The Move" or "I haven't a clue where such and such is because of The Move" or "we'll get all settled once The Move is finally finished". It's like a disease. The Move. Don't worry. Completely not contagious. (sorry Michele...wish it was)
First Round Matchups
“Dog shit can send you barking mad?”
It’s definitely a very different experience to the whole NaNoWriMo thing. It takes so few words to make the daily page count that actually, it’s a lot easier. Well. Apart from one thing. In both of these writing adventures, quality is not important. That’s fine – with NaNo, it’s quite liberating to be spaffing out 1700 words in a day with no thought to the standard; reading over it is painful, but you know why it’s that bad, so it’s fine.
but I wouldn't recommend leaving them out in wet weather unless you want to
Before I had any kids a "fun & relaxing" day would be spent with my hubby, we would hang out all day playing board games, watching tv, then we would probably go out to dinner.
Finally it was within six inches and my brother said, “Good.” It was a subtle moment and was my favorite part.
Last week, the professor had a model hold a gun and the students had to draw and
Once cooked, remove from the pan and rest briefly on paper towels before placing on a serving dish. Finish off with a sprinkle of sea salt.
In Other News: In case you didn't see it yet, I've posted two new Damask Scrapbook Papers on my Background Fairy blog. You can Download them HERE.
Again, where is the anger from the great American peasant? The drones know only to hate those the talking screens tell them to: in other words none.
yellow + blue & red.
Also announced is The Elder Scrolls Online. In development at Zenimax Online for the past 'several years', the game will be set a thousand years before the events of Skyrim and see three factions fighting for control of Cyrodiil and the entire continent of Tamriel. Based on the Game Informer article, it sounds like the entire continent of Tamriel will be available for players to traverse and fight over. To be honest, it sounds a little MMORPG-by-the-numbers, but then few settings would suit that as well as the Elder Scrolls world. The game will be released in 2013 on PC and Mac.
Say what you mean and mean what you say. So simple….. so complicated. WHY is it that so many of us struggle to say what we mean? I have personally found that many of the people who do not say what they mean or mean what they say can fall into a few categories.
Therefore, I decided to have a Craft Room Sale and clear out some of the many items I don't use. I will be holding a Craft Room Sale here at my home on Saturday July 30th, as well as one at a friend's house in Philadelphia on August 6th. I have MANY items up for sale, tools, ribbons, embellishments, stamps, etc. Along with these items I have the following stamp sets are up for sale. The prices listed do not including shipping. Here is a key for the letters I used. C=Clear, W=Wood, N.UM=New Unmounted NM=New but mounted, GR=Great stamp set is practically new, G=Set is in good condition, St=some staining. I will gladly take pictures of the sets and email them to you to show the condition.
He had lost everything, but not that certainty.
“I’d just like to be treated like a regular customer.”
I’ve upcycled a few different things into chalkboards over the past few months. Old windows, thrifted picture frames and the like. Mostly just for fun. It has helped me to perfect my spraying technique. Kinda, sorta – I still have my oops moments – but getting better!
She shook her head and said, “No. It’s just a new beginning.”
There you have it. Judging by their Facebook page, the guys at OWB aren’t letting the grass grow between their toes. Word comes that they’ve got a honey wheat out now and they’re anticipating the release of a Scotch ale, similar to the one they put out for their first anniversary. Here’s to the future.
THE LICENSE PLATES
I was given a beautiful gift today by a special Lady and Friend, Sandi! Now as I write this I want Sandi to know that I always thought of her as a special and sweet woman and friend. I went to our modern quilt group today. I wasn't feeling wonderful but wanted to be around familiar faces and friends. Lately I seem to be able to start allot but not finish anything, I don't know if it is the nature of the beast that is inside me right now or what? I was told by another friend not to worry she felt the same way. Anyway Sandi, Linda and I get together once a month to share our valuable time and laughter and it is truly a wonderful time by all. Sandi is a very involved member of our modern quilt guild and it was nice to see her and many other members today. Well she was showing this beautiful quilt made with blocks that I saw hanging in her studio awhile back and made a comment back then on how much I loved the blocks. Then she bought it closer to me and tossed it to me saying well this is for you....stunned would be a good word to put in here now cause that is how I felt. Let me explain.... When I was first diagnosed oh my gosh the tears flowed like a creek all day and night then I got up the next day and said ok the only way to do this is head on and no pity or tears. I told myself to get my big girl pants on and fight and basically that is what I have done. I feel if I shed tears I will become weak and that will not work with the work that I had in front of me, fighting something I knew nothing about. So I do my best whether they be sad, fearful, happy or worried tears, I do my best not to shed them. But Sandi did make me push myself today when she gave me this beautiful quilt. I got a little teary but it took all I had but believe me they were tears of joy. It is one of the most precious gifts that I have been given by a friend. Sandi I will treasure it always and "thank you " just does not seem to be enough. Having you as a friend has truly been a blessing and a gift.
He got down on one knee, and asked me to marry him.
The Spanish manager most likely will face an F.A. charge, but he is 100% right and should be applauded for his standpoint. Whilst the second goal was slightly less clear cut, Ivanovic’s opener was blatant and should have been an easy decision to make. Now whilst the quality of the officiating can be called into question, you can’t really legislate for human error. Surely, video replays are the answer. In the same amount of time it took for the referee to consult his assistant, he could have had a word with his fourth official who could have been watching a replay on a small screen.
Mikeylous - Country Mi Ting Deh
And where would the Volkstaat and Boer leaders be, knowing that they were the ones that had kept their followers blind, deaf and occupied with nonsensical dreams? They'd be patting themselves on the back of course, for a job well-done and the ignorants among them would be crying till the day they die for having fallen for the brainwashing schemes of their fellow-leaders.
Extra 120403:
From, Older Work:
Quite frankly, I fucking feel picked on when Paul Ryan suggests that there be no Medicare for me, because I’m 3 years too young to get the system that actually covers something (and yes, I know it’s got problems, but vouchers that don’t keep up with costs? Please), and people who are subsisting on poverty level wages might be angry when they’re told they don’t pay enough taxes.
Bradly Tafiti: I was skeptical about the high quality of SanDisk Sansa Clip+ 4GB Indigo MP3 Player SDMX18 in this cost
In a video shop in the East Midlands during the eighties no can hear you shit your pants.
The bathroom refinishers are coming Wednesday, so our bathroom will be 95% done by Thanksgiving (almost made our goal!) Just have to add the finishing touches, and then I'll be back with the full reveal :)
At first we were like “well, that’s a pretty shallow thing to say,” but we continued down that tangent to discuss how looks affect our perception of a person.
When you're unsure if the word is "pitchers" or "pictures", just combine the two to cover all bases.
25. If we were to look in your FaceBook inbox, what would we find? again not on fb
30 Select the square and press F8 to convert it into a symbol. Pay attention to the following: select Movie clip as type and make sure to select the upper left corner for the Registration point. Enter letter button as name and click OK.
I have become all fighting words.
The News of the World has at last won its vendetta against a left wing politician. It has done so with the connivance of the Lord Advocate. If at first you don’t succeed keep trying. Scottish justice has notched up another political miscarriage of justice alongside that of Al Megrahi and Muir of Huntershill.
You can attend all of the church services you like, from here till Jesus comes back and it won’t do you a bit of good UNTIL you have a relationship with Him!
Rebeka Smith of Businesseurope (the confederation of European business) affirms that while ‘employment has to be viewed as one of the prerequisites for combating poverty,’ unemployment is only one of the principal issues. Given the proliferation of precarious jobs and low wages, 8% of workers still approach poverty despite earning salaries.
On the visible side of the stone, the theme of hope is presented, with the text from King's famed 1963 speech cut sharply into the stone: "Out of the mountain of despair a stone of hope." On the other side are inscribed these words: "I was a drum major for justice, peace and righteousness”, a statement suggested by Dr. King himself when describing how he would like to be remembered.
Ambrose Joshua Smith s/o Christopher III & Catherine Snelson
We all take ages deciding which garden to eat, and there's a lovely sense of childlike exploration as we poke and prod our way around the plate.
I think life chooses what you need for you. My first design firm was at a resort in Florida. It was a coincidence that i started my second design firm at a resort in Cabo. I love our seasonal design, working in a resort. I have 6 months of intense work with clients, and then 6 months of implementation while clients are away at their second home.
I hope this letter finds you all healthy and happy! Personally, I’m digging a little deeper this year to find some joy. It’s been a rough one for us, but this letter is going to positively reflect our year, even if I have to B.S you a little bit!
They are definitely a restaurant that is up with the current trends of local produce, organic foods, healthy meals, and modern concoctions. They have menu items like the Antioxidant Cocktail, Florida Summer Melon Salad, Espresso-Barbecue Beef Short Rib, and Olive Oil Infused Chocolate Mousse. All of their food is so fresh and combines unique flavors that aren’t found anywhere else on property.
Let us envision an average earner. She can afford to buy a dwelling for €124,000 and has the necessary equity, €31,000, in savings. It is likely that the NAMA portfolio includes a unit which, taking one thing with another and at a fair value of €124,000, will do nicely.
Also, swing and a huge miss on your point about CEOs. Sorry, but the GOP is not protecting morons like the Gannet CEO. If
Meanwhile, heat the milk and water in a saucepan over medium heat; it should steam and bubble a bit but not boil. When it reaches that bubbling point, add the cornmeal while whisking constantly. Continue to stir while the polenta thickens, about 4-5 mins. (It can take up to 10 mins., depending on the cornmeal you use and the thickness you desire.) When the polenta reaches a consistency you like, add the butter, salt, pepper & parmesan cheese and stir gently until the butter is melted; serve hot with a spoonful of sauce over the top. Leftover cold polenta can be sliced and browned in a skillet for a tasty breakfast treat.
For now, I'm taking it easy, and having a good laugh at myself. For falling prey to the "shoulds."
Of course there are a multitude of ways you can organize your prayer journal. This is a combination of what my daughters learned in a college class and what I came up with myself. My prayer journal is still a work in progress!
What Fisher lacks in ethics and honor, however, he makes up for in daring and in a sincere, if reluctant, loyalty to his bumbling partner-in-crime, Chuck Cybulski. Soon these qualities are turned against him: Fisher is forced to turn spy. As the web of intrigue infiltrates the dark German forest surrounding him and extends its threads into a beatific French countryside, the question of whom Jimmy is betraying becomes ever murkier and more entangled. Can any one country--or any person--really be trusted?
Hack/Hackette In the U.K., a journalist, male or female
For the longest time now I’ve been saving images to my inspiration files that have been designed by Sarah Richardson. I just love her design style and have to say she is one of my new all time favorite designers.
Podcast version of a race report from Tony "Semper Fast" Clark. Tony recently completed an especially difficult version of the annual Leadville Trail 100-Mile Run, and some Trail Nerds were there to help out.
Hi! I am Nina May and I am the owner and also the illustrator for all the original images that can be found at Paper Cupcakes Stamps. Paper Cupcakes just turned a year old in December and has around 300 original stamp image to choose from. Paper Cupcakes also carries a wide variety of digital stamp images from cute, to floral to realistic. I feel that there is something there for everyone. I have a lot of fun drawing these images and I love to see every ones creativity when creating with them. I realize how much goes into our handcrafted projects and I have always felt that the main ingredient in our projects has always been love. So I say spread the love!
We say it with no thought of how
I am coming close to realizing, however that the validation that matters most doesn’t come from my parents. It doesn’t come from my family, or my friends, or my teachers, counselors, peers, etc. The validation that matters most comes from within.
- New Years with ELO tribute band.
Me, I ignored the kerfuffle and with a huge grin on my face headed for the checkout while there was no queue. I shared a quiet laugh with the lad on the till and having paid for my purchases headed for the exit. Thoughtfully, I avoided stepping on the remains of Whale Woman's phone on my way out.
I picked up the prettiest color of roses from the grocery store yesterday. The variety is called Impulse and they are a gorgeous, rich red/orange, poppy color. Next time I order flowers for someone, I'm definitely requesting these because they are like a fun, sassy version of a red rose...and with no romantic connotations!
I spent naptime getting aquainted with this beauty. I love it. I do need a lot of practice on it because it handles very differently from my last camera. (Btw- anyone want to buy my old one???)
While the Ohio Court has clearly defined the Ohio legislature as being responsible for resolving the definition and implementation of the law itself, (Franklin County Common Pleas Court: Ohio Licensed Beverage Assn. v. Ohio Dept. Health, 07-CV-005103 - 13 page opinion of Judge David E. Cain) the U.S. Department of Justice has clearly stated that it is the Office of the Ohio Attorney General that is responsible for addressing the issues raised in the complaint. The Ohio Attorney General however, has once again managed to defer the matter back to the Secretary of State and the Ohio legislature continues to sit in silence on the sideline.
I also recently purchased a large Planet Wise wet bag from Kelly's Closet and a reusable swim diaper from the same place. I got a small wet bag for the diaper bag (from Target) for a Christmas gift.
No? ..... me neither!
“Yeah, well, he likes to start with Pre-Season games.”
The celebrated? Darcy. Her right eye to be exact.
Ganga moola / Tunga moola :
Qui vous expectoraient des psaumes après boire,
I have a few vintage flower pins (or brooches) that have been collected, inherited or received as a gifts. (Thanks, Elizabeth!) I needed a way to display them and wanted to use some sort of frame but just hadn't been able to find the right fabric to go along with it. When I saw the beautiful Spring mantel that Kristen put together on her blog, Sophia's, I knew that I wanted to borrow her idea of using sheet moss for a specimen frame.
I'm always surprised when I'm shopping at the farmers' market and the vendors ask me if I want the tops to my beets, why wouldn't I? They're delicious! Turns out a lot of folks have them lopped off right there at the stand and have the vendor chuck the leafy tops. Bizarre! In my opinion, beet greens taste so much better than the kale that everyone seems so hyped about and you get it for free with your yummy beets. If you haven't tried sautéing some beet greens before, try subbing them in for your kale next time, I think you'll be pleased with their mild taste (they're much less bitter).
Hubs ended up actually making the earring holder 'cause he's awesome like that. :)
Headquarters, Provisional Army, C.S.A.
I have heard people say that they shouldn't have to pay the wages of the restaurants. Ok so you want us to get a regular wage? For starters, enjoy watching the price of the food you eat skyrocket. Restaurants keep prices lower by not having to pay the staff as much. Second, get used to crappy service. Do you people really think that servers would take some of the crap you expect of us and get minimum wage for it. Nope, not gonna happen. You are going to end up being served by idiots that constantly screw up your order and are rude to you because the restaurants won't be able to get anybody else to do it.
Whew! So, with that said, I will CLOSING this blog within the next month. But, NOT before I say THANK YOU with a lovely give away!!!
Second semester of college, my depression deepened, and I was afraid to lose my scholarship. I was just unable to do the school work. It used to be so easy, and now made no sense. I was in danger of failing, and I had never even gotten a ‘B’ before. The failure was too much for me. I spoke to a school advisor, and they told me to withdraw before failing, that the time off would be easier to explain than permanent bad grades. A withdrawal meant giving up my scholarship. I would have to switch majors, and also schools, as I could not afford that one anymore. But they said take my time, get better, and figure it out later. So I went to the registrars office, and withdrew, holding back tears while I signed the forms. That also meant I was homeless anduenemployed. I lost my dorm room. I lost my work-study job. There was no way in hell I was returning to my mom’s care after a few months of blissful freedom. So I moved in to my my now-husband, then-boyfriend’s apartment feeling afraid and unsure of my future, feeling I had just ruined my life, feeling so depressed I could not eat or sleep, feeling so completely lost.
We moved our son with Asperger to another district school, I am vindicated!
the right time,
Earlier today on Twitter, I asked why, with so many smart people (smarter than me even!) writing about what makes an aid project worthy of donor funding, are there so many bad aid projects?
My only problem is that thus far, it’s only been my primary protagonist that I’ve been able to get the most notes down, three quarters of her two pages taken up with all the little details I could get down. No other character has taken up more than a single page. On one hand, there’s plenty of room to further add to those if need be, but on the other, it could be seen as a sign of the total lack of thought I’ve actually put into these characters. A lot of the characters that I’ve jotted down so far are supposed to be vital members of their team, whether they’re the good guys or the big bads of the story, so the former could be seen as a bad thing.
And the best thing… The result, which is so far out of my hands, doesn’t really matter too much. While it is great to land roles, get options on scripts, and receive checks… Just doing my absolute best, needs to be a celebrated moment.
But woe to him who is alone when he falls,
But it did make me pause and think, gee what a weird day.
"Just and favourable construction" of passages like these must be sought, argued Mr. Gorham, (1) by bringing them into juxtaposition with the precise and dogmatical teaching of the Church in her explicit standard of doctrine, the XXXIX. Articles; (2) by comparing the various parts of her Formularies with each other; (3) by ascertaining the views of those by whom her services were reformed and her Articles sanctioned.
does not bounce around.
Mthethwa said people dealing in or in possession of non-ferrous (controlled metal) cable with a burnt cover are committing an offence, unless they can provide the police with a reasonable explanation for the burnt cover.
Competition is strong in every factor of our economy and it’s a major concern for everybody at the C-Level. Larger institutions are buying smaller competitors and even the other way around, in order to gain more market share. The CEO Level is charged with finding new approaches to increasing revenues, cutting costs in their operations, getting more done with less, all to gain a competitive advantage over others in their industry. When we call on C-level buyers, we must think like C-level buyers! We need to be thinking about ways that we might be able to help C-Level buyers accomplish their company goals.
I've been having a lot of those lately. This past weekend I thought I was going into labor on at least three different occasions. Yes, this is my fourth baby. No, I still can't tell false labor from true labor. Every pregnancy is different, and so is the labor part of it. But I'm sure when it ACTUALLY happens, I'll know for sure.
After the case, PC James Emery, of Cleveland Police, said: 'The innocent victim of the defendant's malicious report has been put through an enormous amount of stress, having found himself arrested, detained and questioned at length for an allegation that has now been proven to be fictitious.' And whose fault is that?
There is no one way, and there's no "expert." All dog are different, and all handlers are different. I don't believe there's a single one and only way to train a dog as I don't believe there's only one way to market or to use social media. Also, in dog training, I don't believe in experts. While there are many people who are extremely knowledgeable and highly experienced that I look to for mentorship, those people are always learning and changing their techniques. They do not claim to be experts, but they do claim to keep learning. I hope that I'll keep learning my entire life, and if I ever call myself an expert, someone please kick me.
The auto union killed the goose that laid the golden egg. The government unions are sucking federal and state government budgets dry with excessive health and pension benefits.
Is seated in the center of the will’s awareness,
The last time I saw Taylor for the next 20 hours or so. A little blurry, but the last time I laid my eyes upon him this day. He wanted to walk ahead and I decided to get out my video camera and record some of the river scene, and see if I could go back and get the whio on film. There is a very distinct waterfall on the true left of the river not so far from where Taylor is above. From there it is less than 30 minutes to the hut, and a large orange marker indicates a track that cuts through the forks to the hut on the true right just before the forks. Taylor walked right by it.
But disappointing in the background to the question was the revelation that same day about AMC Akers replying to a member of the public that her remit was indeed limited. This unfortunately confirms what a Met source told me last Monday: that a few career warning shots have been fired across Sue’s bows by the uniformed dissemblers around her. I have now heard from three separate sources that, to date, no police enquiry has nailed a senior member of Newscorp management; and thus I am left hoping that the failure is genuine rather than the result of others’ encouraging her to fail.
Occasionally individuals will seem like they have a chance to carry out, but just can not seem to do things right on the job. If you notice that an otherwise-effective worker has performance issues in a single area, the problem may be self-confidence. Help the actual subordinate take little actions, generating little wins to develop both skill and confidence.
Gorilla Tango Burlesque puts on eight delightful nerdlesque performances every weekend. Since I’ve been lucky enough to work on every single one in some capacity, I’ll be putting together a little series of posts spotlighting each one. It wouldn’t be fair to call them reviews as I’m pretty biased (read: I frackin love these shows) but I will probably mention my favorite numbers and why I think you should check them out. And just to completely clear about my bias, we’re going to start with my absolute favorite:
While the line continued to be sold in some pro shops, it essentially disappeared from the radar until 2010. Now it is back on the scene, WWD explains:
The long-distance friendship was never supposed to go any farther. But when she is kidnapped and thrown briefly into his world, everything changes. Now Alissa realizes he’s the only person she can trust, and Merrick finds he’ll do anything to protect her, even risk his life by crossing the wall.
YELLOW DERVISH
I had something in my head, in my bowels, somewhere, where-ever gut feelings and brilliant ideas reside. It was about my voice, my literary voice. E@L's voice, the voice I want to have when I write being me trying to write like I'm writing like E@L - yes, me too, fuck it, I get so confused trying to emulate myself that it all comes out like the shit you have after a night on the piss and curry.
To name a few, St. Sabina, 1st Christian matron of whom we have record among the martyrs, in the year 126, St. Perpetua, St. Marth 270 , St. Juitta who was denounced by her neighbor for being a Christian died by fire but the flames did not harm her body., says these words:
They are not entirely even. Like I said, I didnt feel like making a trip to the studio, and that's where I keep my level. I probably should've put in the effort to go get it, because the unevenness is driving me nuts! I'll fix it eventually. :)
-Jericho gets to the cane and hits Punk in the head twice, ouch!
I make no apology for the fact that I *love* the campaign and online of Battlefield: Bad Company 2. Battlefield 3 is from the same makers but is the sequel to Battlefield 2, as opposed to Bad Company 2. Which means it’s more realistic and less like Kelly’s Heroes. We played the online beta (which releases to everyone on Thursday 29th September 2011) and I have to say ‘wow.’ Once I’d got used to the changes (the recoil kicks especially) I had a great few rounds. Graphically great this is definitely a step up from any other shooter out there.
So you can be reminded of what Jesus said that day and why Capon’s words are so important:
By an alien relieving himself up ahead. We appreciate your patience.
Sunday was dinner with my Step-dad, step-brother and sister and their families to celebrate a belated Father's Day. We went to the new Our Best restaurant in Jeffersonville. Now, I'm not usually one for down home country cookin', but this was some good eatin'! I had the biggest piece of peanut butter pie for dessert. The girl said it was the last piece in the pan, so instead of cutting it in half, she just gave me the whole thing!
We — my life mate and I — did not celebrate our birthdays. We merely recognized them as a tally mark for another year gone by. Because of this, I had not expected to feel any deeper sadness today — his birthday — than I felt yesterday or the day before, but grief knows no logic. It doesn’t matter that we never celebrated his birthday — that was his choice. But that he is not here to make that choice does matter, and so I’m dealing with an upsurge of grief. We will no longer be marking his years. He will never grow older. Perhaps next year I will be able to let the day pass without making a big deal of it, but today is a first. One of grief’s milestones. His first birthday after death.
Mr. Henry has used the BU blog to publish exclusive writings not published anywhere else and Barbados Underground frequently repeats Mr. Henry’s Barbados Advocate newspaper columns in full without copyright problems from that newspaper. Mr. Henry used Barbados Underground to publish an exclusive article alleging a lesbian affair between The Nation newspaper journalists and a political leader in Barbados.
Knead by hand 5 minutes, transfer into oiled and covered bowl. Let rise until doubled for an hour.
currents convulsive,
The real world can be a let-down, you need your own space, need to feel in control at times don't you? It’s the only way I know. It’s how I learn. I don't need any big words or big books to tell me that the only real way to communicate is with pure passion!
200) tasty left overs at lunch today
In 2005 he wrote to the Electoral Commission, the body which oversees political party finances, saying that he resigned as BNP treasurer. He alleged a number of irregularities had come to light including missing invoices and receipts from the Trafalgar Club.
I remember being in 1st grade and going to the roller rink on a field trip. I didn’t know how to skate, and I hugged the edge the entire time while watching classmates skate around and have fun. I was determined to learn how to skate. I went home and asked my parents for skates, which they got me. My dad taught me how to balance and soon enough I was practicing in our long driveway, falling but never stopping. Then I “graduated” to the sidewalk, and got so good that I could skate backwards. When my class went back to the rink in May, I was out there having a great time. I remember how proud I was of myself. It’s my first memory of feeling that kind of accomplishment, and since then I’ve gone after every single goal with the same determination.
Interesting tidbit about me: I love bad horror movies.
The only way I seem to notice any cleaning is if I gut a room and do it right. This way I get immediate satisfaction and am inclined to do more. The bathroom gets targeted a lot because it's the smallest room in the house. :)
When we pried off the lid, we were totally surprised. No black chicks! Only yellow! Crap! It looked like a 100 chicks to me, since each quadrant was filled on the shipping box. So I quickly put the lid back on and tried to reason through this. I didn’t want 25 extra meat chicks since I only have one field pen, and I really wanted my pullets. I was hoping they weren’t out in the postal abyss somewhere…especially since it was kind of cold to be shipping chicks. They really like it warm. I headed home with MY chicks, leaving a sad little boy behind who WANTED chicks today. A call to the hatchery confirmed that the pullets never did get shipped – and would come the next week. And when we took the chicks to the brooder to install them, a count revealed only 75 like I had ordered. For some reason they were packed for summertime temps with less per quadrant, I have no idea why, but they are safe and sound and all doing well. Next week they will get some new friends and we’ll just have to deal with having babies a week apart in age.
The sky is full of weightless creatures
Authority has never been explained as well as this. The author also better portrayed the value of sacrifice;
One hopes this applies not only to baby Connor Howland’s Daddy, SPC Brock Howland, but equally to all his comrades-in-arms whether American, British or other NATO allied forces.
And whilst there are no more ECP:Challenges, don't forget to check out all our lovely DT's blogs using the links on the right. So many of them are involved with other projects and you'll soon be inspired!
She said the couple is far along the learning curve of parenthood.
And at the same time, the New York Post was writing yet another story, a follow-up, on the suicide of Fair Lawn, N.J., chef Joseph Cerniglia. The young chef jumped off the George Washington Bridge last week.
Naturally, blogging will be light for a long while for too many wonderful reasons to mention...the main one being I asked Eva-Jane to marry me and she said yes!
He's going to be a Monster
Black-gram dal - 1 teaspoon
“Did he understand what you were telling him?”
One of the joys of this group is, we select our own recipe. One of the trials of this group is, we select our own recipe. I love that we can bake what we are comfortable with or something new and adventurous but it is challenging to make that choice.
She is colored with my Copic markers (E000, E00, R20, E41, E50, W00, W0) & I've used 3 Bearly Mine Designs papers. The vintage buttons are tied with embroidery floss DMC #963 & the sweet little flowers are from my stash. Pink baby pom pom trim graces the top of the little buttons.
I don't have make so many cards lately, I was working on my vacation album from canvas.
1 marionettes
You fight about money
Remove from heat and mix in sugar with wooden spoon. Crack eggs into pot, add vanilla, and mix (dirtying a whisk is optional).
Anyway, after I made Leah’s basket, I decided to make two more. One for Casey, and one for his employee, Kevin. I left them on the kitchen counter with a fun note. Casey found them in the morning while he was getting ready for work and said he and Kevin really liked them. (It’s really fun to do something bright and cheery in the morning…it almost makes getting up at 5:30 AM easier…almost).
I had a great month hanging out with my cousins and friends. I did some pretty neat things even when I didn’t plan on it and overall it was a fun and exciting month. I can’t wait to see what May brings. I can’t believe I graduated college a year ago and we’ve been dealing with my mom’s situation for a full year! Crazy!
“Such an argument smacks of chutzpah,” Jones told the Supreme Court.
I was laughing hysterically. This was because she said, "I think it's generational. People like me, or even younger than me, don't find him funny. And I'm pretty sure that I would be very offended if I knew what all those hand gestures and codes were supposed to mean."
A Short Excerpt From You Are A Writer
Using the envelope system has helped me stick to the budget and to see how much progress we’re actually making. It makes me more mindful of my spending. If the envelope’s empty, that’s the end of the story! It also makes balancing the checkbook much easier, since there is significantly less to write down. Using cash can sometimes also have the added perk of scoring you a discount (not always, but occasionally). It’s an easy way to help reach financial goals and has already done wonders for my household.
I know I haven't been posting as much lately, even though I have a lot of things I need to write about!
Your steady snark drip returns tomorrow. Peace out.
As you see they believed and were baptized. The Catholic Church teaches that if one believes but dies before being able to be baptized they are still saved through a Baptism of Desire. God can save us without baptism in His mercy and omniscience; but we were told by Jesus to be baptized.
-slim fitting black suit jacket
Little smile. On his face.
but if you haven’t got a clue
The panel, FinTech Leaders: Navigating Rough Seas and Uncharted Courses to Great Success will focus on innovation in NYC, especially in the financial technology space.
Now, I know there are people out there who think that Slinky was a damn rip-off the first time they actually played with one, instead of just seeing them on TV. Do they walk downstairs, alone or in pairs? Not always. The stairs have to be the precise right dimensions and slope. What they are great for is slinking back and forth when you're occupied with a tedious task. Waiting on hold for customer service, say. Listening to a conference call at work. Infinitely more fun than building chains of paperclips. And when you're done, you can rest them on any flat surface and use them to hold papers or as a mail caddy. (Truly!)
“But I know I logged in at 9.30. The figures must be wrong” I protested
What if Time Warner Cable Doesn’t Have Service in New York, NY?
What did I do? Spring cleaning. Seems a bit contrary to clean house when it is mud season. I am not usually one to do spring cleaning. I save the big cleaning for winter but we have been painting Evan's room and the house has been discombobulated. After we put Evan's room back in order there was a leftover piece of furniture that I had planned to put in the cold room. Isn't it always the way ? Like dominoes one project leads to another until all all the pieces lay down in a nice neat line. Anyway, the cold room got a really good clean out. There were boxes and boxes of canning jars. They have been rinsed out and put on the shelves in the empty spaces. All ready for canning season. Mark brews his own beer. He had too many beer bottles stashed away for the eventual day when he might fill them all up. We negotiated an amount that would work for both of us without being left on the floor. There were a couple of science experiments in there that have met the compost pile. Lets just say this was my room of shame. Now it is efficient, spacious and shameless. Nothing like a clean conscience.
This weekend Wayne Hemingway brought his Vintage festival to the Southbank. I was slightly dubious, not only because I'd heard some horror stories from last year, but because I wasn't sure how it was going to work. The fliers didnt communicate very clearly what was free and what you got exclusively if you paid for a £60 ticket.
Writers/Editors
I struggle with embracing my darkness, which is funny considering I worked so hard for so many years to hone it, to really get inside of it and own it. Now any trace of darkness instills in me the fear of getting loaded, of going over the deep end, of going to far, crossing over, becoming a monster. I’m not sure why though; I was never worried about this before. I guess it’s because I now live in some version of my shadow each and every day, and the urges and thoughts that I experience are not just overwhelming in vision but in scope as well. I am afraid I will act on them. I have spoken to so many health professionals and they all assure me that if I was going to become a serial killer I’d've done it already. It’s nice to hear but it’s hard to believe them when this is so much of my reality.
Stephen Malkmus & The Jicks
"What about movies? What about Iron Man II?"
Claritin Save $2/1 Children’s 4oz or 10ct+ (4/22)
Post 56 of 180
Nor sigh that spring is fleet and summer fleet,
Here is a set of worksheets I made last year. I used them over a series of lessons with various groups at Intermediate and Upper Intermediate level. (They may take a while to load on this page)
One editor you do want to know is John Locke who here has gathered some great articles from the publishing trade magazines of the 20s up through the end of the pulp era. Together, the articles give an insider's look at the fiction factories that tried to sate the public's boundless appetite for reading material. The sometimes tenuous relationship between author and editor (and many personages in the book were both) is explored from both sides. Writers and editors express both admiration and exasperation towards the other party, usually with a good deal of jabbing humor thrown in. A publisher might have just a few pulp titles or up to dozens but was always on the lookout for the particular brand of fiction the readers of each magazine craved. A new talent was a discovery to be cultivated, and the goal of editors was to cultivate ultra-prolific authors that could become a familiar name fans associated the magazine. Of course, finding the time to do this while performing the daily tasks of sifting through mountains of stories while also seeing to the business of magazine production was difficult, and often communications were short and sweet. Sometimes the author might not get much more than a rejection slip. The editors make it clear that they have no time for handwritten or single-spaced typed pages or for stories that do not fit the genre and character of their magazines. This was a popular, money-making exercise, and good editors had a pretty clear idea what they were selling. A sharp author kept his eye on exactly what each magazine was buying and followed the trends. I daresay there's plenty of useful information in here for the modern writer as well.
No purely anonymous comments will be published; always use a name for ease of reference by other commenters.
The stupid bird jumped at me. No warning, no puffed up feathers or crowing, just an immediate, leaping attack.
Since I work for a global hospitality company I’m thinking about the how mobile payments will work at a hotel during a stay. While it’s not my area of responsibility I find it interesting to contemplate how this might work at the property. What do you think? How would you use a mobile device to pay for things while at a hotel? Will hotels create a system like Starbucks or use a system like Square? Or both?
20%- general impact
I am wringing my hands, metaphorically speaking. What are we to do? Soft hearts are a pushover. As I write, here is Zack, all 7 feet of him when his tail is extended, trying to climb up on Hubby’s lap for a cuddle. I can just imagine the madhouse now – although it will be one filled with love and laughter. Having said that, I am sure there will be some anxious and frustrating times too with a new puppy.
She will have more fun next year when she can run and get the eggies herself.
Lunching anywhere nice in central London towards the end of November is traditionally a nightmare. Early Christmas revellers or admen with any-excuse-will-do clients in tow together clog up every eaterie around. But not this year. As I walked from the tube to my lunch appointment, every restaurant had at most half a dozen people eating.
This year, I plan on taking and opening a couple bottles of homebrew (maple porter and Belgian pale ale) as well as something a bit special- maybe one of the BrewDog Abstrakt beers.
But of course the story spread. Nevertheless it was not till three years later, in 1753, that Duncan Clerk and Alexander Bain Macdonald were arrested for the Sergeant’s murder on the testimony of his ghost. At the trial Isobel MacHardie who had shared shepherd MacPherson’s shieling during the summer of the ghost, swore that ‘she saw something naked come in at the door which frighted her so much she drew the clothes over her head. That when it appeared, it came in a bowing posture, and that next morning she asked MacPherson what it was, and he replied not to be afeared, it would not trouble them any more.’
Norman is keen to encourage debate and involvement from students, recent graduates and, indeed, practitioners and academics. He is also more than happy to give advice on how to construct Freedom of Information Act requests – simply email him from his blog
The drop from the window was three stories but the slamming against the door had dislodged the handle. It fell with what seemed like a thunderous clank onto the dresser drawer and then tumbled to the floor.
I now become more and more prosperous day by day.
U is for United. I love how blogging can unite people.
Wednesday, April 11th
For your convenience, I circled the highest R value, 0.61, in middle schools on something called the normed FCAT-SSS, whatever that is (go ahead and look it up if it interests you) in Duval county, Florida, one of the places where they had data. I also circled the lowest R value, 0.07, in Palm Beach county, on the FCAT-NRT, whatever that is.
I'm also having trouble accessing Mediafire, which according to them has been restricted by my ISP. Please let me know how this host is working for you all. And please let me know which other hosting sites I should check out. I'm feeling that Music Bloggers might be an endangered species...
From @Kelsgarden
What I got was nothing short of genius. Not a template at all – a real letter written by a real person. A talented person. A person I now want to meet and drink beer with and possibly give a little kiss to at the end of the evening (and I fully realise Sam may well be a man).
I watched a couple of instructional videos on youtube before I made this, and I actually learned a couple of things I could do with the video to make it uber-shiny. This probably had the most effects I've used so far, with a total rendering time of an hour.
No deadline
Thanks again to John and Paul for inviting me over to play. I’ve had a blast sitting in on these shows, and I’ll actually be in the guest chair again for the next episode in the pipeline. More on that in about two weeks’ time. Until then, go on with your bionic selves.
Tuesday/Thursday
We on planet Earth are also electrically-charged beings. The conduit which transmits charged particles from the Sun to humans is the same conduit which steers weather through the Earth’s electromagnetic field, and into the human electromagnetic field.
This is not just happening in Europe, in America in the aftermath of the Duke Lacrosse case (the ultimate would be politically correct fairy tale), I recall reading commentary on a rape crisis website based in North Carolina, which made the claim that inter-racial rape was relatively rare, but when it did occur it was predominantly perpetrated by white attackers against non-white victims. I can't link to that web-page as it has since disappeared, presumably someone involved discovered a sense of shame and took it down, however, such blatant lies are commonly made by organisations who claim that their role is to protect the victims of violence.
So here’s what I’m thinking:
I was watching a show on the Science Channel yesterday, and it was this super-dramatic documentary about the history of our planet. The whole story was told from the tabloid angle of "our world was created via a series of terrifying catalysmic events!!" Cheesy hype aside, I'm wondering which of the events below is considered well-accepted/mostly-agreed-upon by planetary scientists, which are controversial theories, and which are laughable. (The show presented every event as an amazing "fact" in glorious CGI.)Ok, there's a lot here, so let's take it step-by-step.
“I just want to help. You’re making a big mistake. Please, can we just talk?”
take us to the prem whatever it takes
goes. Only about $0.52 of earned income per dollar is available for charity
Answer college emails
Georg: I think an own beer brand would be great.
evaṁ jñātvā kṛtaṁ karma
The kids will rotate through 6 of these stations this morning and all of these stations will be manned by parents. I am helping out with the Relay Race station. I am really rethinking my decision. I found out yesterday that the kids get to sample everything they make in the cooking demonstration.
06 Backstreets (8:06)
It wasn’t just the boys who seemed to gain new respect for me; my fellow flutists finally noticed me, and started talking to me. Michelle Gase, on whom I had a huge crush, even invited me over to her house. I didn’t know what to do once I got there, but the journey of one thousand miles begins, my friends, with a single step.
Love the slide2size drawsting sizing... love the fit & materials used
I carry on, do what I can
11) Kanye’ll Let You Finish…
No one really knows just how many angels really exist, but psychics have calculated that the number may be in the billions. Angels don’t just live on planet earth, but they fill the whole universe. At any particular time, individuals can call upon a huge number of angels without depriving anyone else. The fact is that angels far outnumber humankind.
It's March 1st - I love this time of year - open windows, less layers, and spring cleaning time! We'll be continuing our cleaning routine this month (did you grab this month's cleaning schedule?) and doing a little spring cleaning while we're at it.
Weather seems can decide if it´s winter or spring... One day full of sunshine other day freezing cold.
I actually LOVE another picture that Maya got of me – full silhouette!
The discourse among Norwegians was mostly about being a good sailor, meaning physically strong, masculine, conscientious and responsible . . . the Norwegians were expressing their self-categorizations . . . mainly through contrasting themselves against the Filipinos. The Norwegians’ view of the Filipinos was . . . stereotyped as being physically weak, feminine, negligent and irresponsible. . . . Filipinos are regarded as feminine and quite often labeled as homosexual (Ostreng 2001: 6_7; author’s emphasis).
Police saw had the 1997 Jeep had its hood up and doors open. Its leather interior was stabbed, sliced and torn, the radio ripped out and its electrical wires cut.
Remember my husband is a therapist…and weekly I am busting something out, that he is super skeptical of…
Sundays 2:00 p.m.
In Person: Parents can visit their local enrollment office to fill out a paper application or work with a counselor to complete the online application. The deadline to apply in person at an enrollment office is April 10 at 3:00 pm.
So now for some inspiration from our Design Team using the digi images that our wonderful sponsors have donated to us for this challenge.
"When I open my eyes I must sigh, for what I see is contrary to my religion, and I must despise the world which does not know that music is a higher revelation than all wisdom and philosophy."
Gautier, Mississippi (population 11,280): Gautier’s new city manager said she is ready to help make this city a thriving place to live, work and enjoy, according to WLOX. City council members hired Samantha Abell after firing former manager Sidney Runnels late last year. Samantha Abell is the new woman in charge of the day to day operation in Gautier. She said it’s a job she said requires a strong vision. The new city manager is no stranger to the city. She was formerly the economic director and plans to use those skills to entice more businesses to move here. Abell said creating a more walkable downtown and building a town center are also some of the big projects in the works. Abell said promoting the natural areas and building upon the riverfront will also enhance the quality of life in the city. Changing the aged signage in the city to make it more welcoming for visitors is also on the to-do-list. With help of the mayor, city council and citizens, this new city manager believes Gautier will be a better place to live, work, and enjoy.
The most likely explanations for this state of affairs are that either there was a localised authority in the Shephelah region (cf. David Ussishkin’s perspective), or someone up in the highlands of Judah had a hand in this. Are the spotlights converging on us finding the kingdom of David in archaeology? Well, if there was a House of David (which I argue is another name for Jerusalem) that could be a player on the international stage in c.800 BC as per the Tel Dan Inscription, and there is an organising authority in the Valley of Elah in c.1000 BC, it’s not inconceivable that the two entities could end up aligning, such that we eventually have some strong evidence for a Kingdom of Judah in the time of David and Solomon. However, we don’t have that yet. Even with these artefacts announced today, we have not confirmed that the two entities do align. We must await further archaeological evidence to fill in the two-century gap between Khirbet Qeiyafa (c.1000 BC) and the Tel Dan Inscription (c.800 BC) before we can make a call either way on that.
If we take conflict resolution for example, there are certain skills, attitudes and approaches that are likely to help, but there is no guarantee that any one of these will work. What might work for one person, might not work for another person. People thus need to work out what will work for them in a variety of situations.
Do you think it’s important to inject moments of humour to help lighten the story?
What keeps these bags from qualifying as luggage? Truly, some women could probably live out of their purses for at least a week.
I wrote this song to capture the fact that we can never be good enough for God. Yet God still loves us and gave Himself for us. When we accept that gift we can enter into His presence. It is His presence that changes us.
God will heal...He sees your tears, that is the heart of the post. The healing of a woman.
Hi all, I hope you are all in the process of changing your links over from my Non-Status Indian sites to my Indigenous Nationhood sites. My Facebook, Blogger and website have all been changed to Indigenous Nationhood. I will leave my old blogger and website links up for a few months to allow people to find the new sites, but please switch over so that you don't miss any future posts. My Twitter and LinkedIn profiles are the same.
Once upon a time, in a little town called Victoria Park, in the bleakest and most haunted corner of Manchester, a little boy was born to the Megson family. The Megsons were theater folk, father Ron being a jazz musician, and the boy (who was named Neil Andrew) grew up in a house full of music, art, and just a touch of the occult (Neil's grandma was a medium).
Last night, the full Weird Adventures crew gathered together after a few weeks of spotty attendance. We continued our search for John Vandemaur. We are trying to recover his body, but in truth we have no idea if he is even dead. Boris has some thoughts...
This week’s gone by so fast. It’s like I’m still thinking it’s Monday but in fact it’s Friday. Today I know is gonna be a good day. No umbrella. No warm jackets. Just the wind blowing gently through the city.
9 The BBC on Nikkei being at its lowest year-end level since 1982. Japan’s main share index has closed at its lowest end-of-year level since 1982. The Nikkei 225 index finished last Friday up 0.7% to 8,455.35. Stocks have been hit by a weak global economy, as well as a devastating earthquake and tsunami on 16 March that left 20,000 people dead or missing and sparked a nuclear crisis. Shares have lost a fifth of their value this year, with the majority of losses in the two days following the disaster. The disaster severely disrupted manufacturing at carmakers such as Toyota and electronics firms such as Sony. Shares in Tepco, the owner of the Fukushima nuclear power plant that became the focus of an effort to prevent a meltdown, dropped 91% this year.
Consider competitors
It is somewhat chilly out here this afternoon and even though we are in the sheltered side yard,
Thanks, Christy, for posting today! and i look forward to hearing what all of your thoughts are...
Authorities said three of the men were arrested Monday and are self-described anarchists, not tied to international terrorism.
Hubby and I went together because he loves a good deal just like me. I have to say that we made out like bandits that day. Hubby got a pair of brand new New Balance running shoes in all black (his fav type of sneakers) with Ross Dress for Less price tags for $12.50 after the 50% off discount. He was super excited because he wears a size 13 shoe and he never finds cheap shoes anywhere. Not to mention he actually wears these shoes, they do not just sit in his closet. So, he got a bit of karma early that saturday morning.
Middle ages sucked,
How can you help? Now you know why I need your help here’s what you can do. Give me your old books. So many of us have books piling up in corners, lining up along the floor, stacked in piles on desks, overflowing from our bookshelves. (Don’t look at me like that, I do)
Some people prefer worksheets. After reading about something, instead of building it, testing it, etc., they prefer to answer questions on a worksheet about it. To them, the stuff we do might be busywork.
During the day I would literally drool at the thought of the thick full roast beef sandwiches my grandmother would buy from Park Delicatessen and the kindly lady who ran the place. When I had permission I would tear down Classon backpack flapping to Prospect Pl., run through the crowded hospital hall, take the elevator up to and wait for my grandmother to go to a lunch she delayed so she could buy me a sandwich from the Deli (as we simply knew referred to it).
I have a Disney cookie press kit, bought by my mother a thousand years ago at Disneyland, so I used a couple of the cookie stamps to cut these sandwiches out, then added sultana and Gourmet Writer details.
Lucey - Lemonade Kitty
Easter Card (The Easter collection digital set is available for free for the month of February. You can pick it up by joining my group at Crafters Digital Arts Center. Please pop in and say hello we'd love to get to know you better.)
That said, this just felt wrong. I was already coming in to the story as late as possible (two weeks into the 'action'). I had so much backstory that it was going to be hard to avoid blatant exposition. Worse than that, though, I just felt like I was rushing the story, skipping out bits, and not drawing out the horror or the joy that I wanted to display.
Enflame me with the prayers of the Risen Lord in bold confidence
All in all I have always had pleasant experiences with #9. I still need to get up to Burlington for Magic Hat fest. I hear its a great time -- plus I could do some skiing while up there.
Remember the new rules state you can use a digital image but don't forget to tell us what is old that you have used on your card.
Also despite telling me she was a “UNICEF trained breastfeeding counsellor” and going on about how great that made her, she actually misled me about my baby’s top ups and gave me very bad advice. Basically my daughter needed a top up through her NGT every 3 hours- and I was struggling to get her interested in breast feeding and getting latched on (and we had had NO breastfeeding support from a lactation consultant which is a separate complaint), I had finally got her latched on for a feed and it was also time for her NGT top up except I couldn’t reach the syringe to get it for her. I rang the buzzer to ask for someone to pass it to me. Only for EMWFH to tell me that it was obvious I was not coping and that on day 7 I should be in some sort of routine with my baby by now- I did tell her I had only properly met my baby two days ago when she was roomed in with me- (it was clear she had not read my notes). She told me I had to latch her off and then do her top up and then latch her on again. I knew from previous experience that I could do her top up and feed her at the same time and in fact if I did her NGT top up and then tried to latch her on again I would never get her back onto the breast. So I refused to latch her off and asked again for the syringe to be passed to me. She again tried to refuse to pass the syringe too me now saying there were contamination issues. At this point I was gobsmacked and had to state very firmly to her that the syringe I needed passing to me was sterile! She clearly had absolutely no clue about dealing with baby’s with NGT’s and I am not sure about her qualifications as a “unicef trained breastfeeding counsellor”. She did pass the syringe to me in the end and I was able to continue to feed my baby. But at this point I was very upset and had to phone my husband for support as I was feeling very isolated, sleep deprived and unsupported by the medical professionals I needed to advise me, and I was still very worried about this “Not coping/Post natal depression” label she kept giving me. My husband arranged to come in first thing the next morning to speak on my behalf as I no longer felt able to. The following morning at 6am another midwife came to do my baby’s antibiotics and I said that if possible I did not want to be treated or see EMWFH at all. I was then finally able to drift off to sleep- (bearing in mind this is first amount of sleep in a long time), the next thing I know EMWFH has barged into my room without knocking demanding to know why I was refusing her treatment. I refused to speak to her and I couldn’t believe she had woken me up (she knew I was having real issues with sleeping as we had spoken about that during the night). She kept going on at me wanting to know why I was refusing her care as she had done everything properly. I told her she would need to speak to my husband who was coming in, but she said she would be gone by then and kept demanding to speak to me. I kept asking her to leave my room but she kept trying to confront me about why I was refusing her treatment- in the end I had to shout at her to get out of my room and she finally left but again she left me so upset and angry that I was completely unable to get back to sleep. I am horrified that a midwife would think it acceptable to behave in such a manner- she was rude, and completely unprofessional.
Then one soggy March Thursday,
leaf stirred. My heart hummed, and a tingle of apprehension made my palms damp.
Trying to find a pose that looks good. Arg.
I think about my brother, Don, most every day even six years after his death. Last year, I wrote a post about him and today on his death day, I wanted to share a couple of photos of him with his nephew, Logan, and niece, Brenna, when they were young.
and the ripe earth gaped as we eased him down
GBS isn’t something that is routinely screened for in the UK. Having chatted to a few midwives i’ve learned that this is a pretty complex issue, and although there is a test its not always accurate enough for the NHS to pay for a blanket screening programme, I expect the illness is prevalent enough for them to justify it either. It always comes down to money doesn’t it? Well, I always think that prevention and early intervention is better than treatment of established problems – so I think (with zero medical knowledge, I might add) that there should be a national screening programme.
and one more thing. you guys. oh my. the little sale i hosted this morning...wow. almost 20 paintings sold in 8 minutes. again, do i really live inside this life? who am i to be selling paintings at lightening speed (thank you so, so much)? i have been feeling so discombobulated lately. as this dream life unfolds, i'm realizing that the foundation has been set with a lot of hard work and now the dream is self propelling...that i don't really have control of it anymore. and i wonder if this is actually a good thing as i struggle to give way to the ride. and the ride? i have no words - it's every emotion in a span of a few days, sometimes in a 24 hour period. i am feeling things very deeply these days...both in gratitude and struggle...which can be confusing and exhausting. it's enough to make me wonder if i'm truly ok, if i deserve all of this, if i'm strong enough to navigate the waters of all of this energy coming toward me: heartfelt emails, teaching requests, writing requests, travel, speaking engagements, art requests, not to mention my dear family and friends who i worry may be feeling neglected as i figure all of this out. oh my.
Her reaction made me realize that we just can't be invested in how people will react to our work, whether we're accountants or tap dancers or painters. Maybe our work will reach someone else and evoke an emotional or intellectual reaction, and maybe it won't. Whatever it is we do, we should do it with joy and passion, to satisfy the need we have to do or say something. That satisfaction is reason enough to walk down our own paths.
Because this is the house they want to be at. A place where they can be themselves and not be ruled, judged or disrespected.
Genre: Paranormal YA
I don't know how many of you still stop by here from time to time. I don't know why I checked in here the other day. But I did. And I saw that a few of you had left comments recently.
Serena stood across the room, the letters clutched in her hand, her heart racing.
It’s difficult to make friends with people who don’t understand or can’t relate to your lifestyle or values, who can’t understand all the different things that have made you who you are and who thus cannot understand YOU.
The failure of the scientific method in attaining any efficacious change in the full persuasion of one’s mind in matters of religion, renders pointless the need for proofs or evidence to be submitted to anyone for scrutiny. Every private man’s search and study discovers the truth of the matter unto himself. Indeed, the man to whom the proofs or evidence must be supplied will have his hands full making his own salvation sure. It would be even more treacherous for a man who cares for his soul to submit evidence for scrutiny to someone who has a complete lack of care for his own soul. An atheist is a very poor man indeed to receive advice from on matters of religion.
It is interesting in a lunar calendrical context that this weekend –July 31-August 1– marks the Leo New Moon: a powerful coming-together of celestial forces following on from the Mayan Day-out-of-time, Monday 25 July 2011. And on August 1st we, the human race, walk through the dimensional wormhole and enter the Fifth Day of the Ninth and final Underworld of the Mayan Longcount.
Women’s sexuality is a landmine of insults waiting to happen. If you are not sexually active, you’re frigid. If you are sexually active, you’re a slut. If you are a woman who enjoys sex YOU MUST BE A WHORE because you are enjoying it too much. I guess I could counter this with men. If a man lasts less than five minutes, he’s inept. If he lasts too long, he’s clearly not doing something right. If he’s quiet, he’s not enjoying it. If he’s too vocal, he’s trying to conjure up his favorite porn movie in his mind.
These scholars resemble theologians who interpret sayings of Jesus like: “no one can come to the Father but through me” as meaning “all religions are equally valid,” and “he who marries a divorced woman commits adultery” as meaning “let your divorces be creative and reasonable.”
In the Gryffindor dormitory, inexplicably there seemed to be a distinct lack of an Ordinary Boys single, as featured playing in Harry Potter and, surely the darkest point of all the Harry Potter films . You know, they were ‘famous’ for five minutes when lead singer Preston was in Big Brother.
my upcycled items were some old doilies from the second hand shop
The boys piled into the Chevelle in a hurry. They knew Clooney always kept his shotgun around for quick access. “Why’d you have to go and insult the man?” Joshua asked. “You tryin’ to get us killed?” Freddie added. “I just wanted to get a discount for next time.” Jaxon said as his speech became progressively slurred. “You’re crazy!” Joshua replied. “Clooney has killed no less than four men in his life. I ain’t yearnin’ to be number five!” Joshua drove off the mountain as Freddie and Jaxon inhaled the quart of whiskey. Drinking it as if it were water. “Don’t you want some?” J.P asked Joshua, his youngest brother. “No thanks, I want to see my bed tonight, not a coffin in the morning.” Joshua replied. This ritual became a common event for the boys. Because they never went up the mountain before midnight, no one was the wiser to their increasing need for a Kentucky high.
How does such a bitchass move follow one so brazen, one which is supposed to be viewed as a frightening but impressive display of power, prowess, and principle?
Its grandest lesson: “On! sail on!”
Today I have two lovely Barielle polishes, Eli's Magic and Shannon's Attitude to show you. For some reason the combination of the two names to form a title seems to amuse me at the moment. I'm blaming it on lack of sleep...
(Be a little tough to say, "No honey, I don't want to include your products -- I'm trying to maintain a classier intellectual level of discourse"
Now this young man came out a few years ago with his parents in law. The parents in law set up a B&B. Mum in law did not like strangers in her house. B&B is now closed.
The closing date for submissions is the 18th September 2011. The entries will the be judged by an industry panel and the winners notified by email and post by Friday 7th October.
50ml olive oil
Hope you all had a fab long weekend. Mine was busy and I didn’t get half of what I wanted to get done yesterday – I just could not get myself motivated! I started and binned 3 cards, talk about a waste of time! Hopefully I will get back in the swing of things this week.
Take a nap.
The film taught me how sensitive you have to be to the material and make sure that you are expressing the characters fairly and not presenting them in a negative or false light. It was particularly hard to distance myself from the interviews as I obviously had strong emotions attached to my grandparents and knew how much these people meant to them and me.
She washes the lust off of her body
We visited this slope of Pennsylvania because it’s quite unique to be able to see a pagoda this huge in America. It’s a 72-ft. tall Japanese-style brick and tile structure. It has neon red and yellow lights that look cool at night.
So just as I was sinking into a pit of despair plan B took over and I used my favourite way of adding words to tags and ATC's.....yep word fragments made with my Studio G stamps! My writing is still there underneath but it just adds to the layers ;)
The delicious flavour of this bread comes from roasting a whole bulb of garlic with fresh rosemary in the oven for about 35 minutes until it is soft and sweet. You then squeeze the roasted cloves out of their papery cases and mash them with a beaten egg. All of this goes into the bread mixture before kneading.
Another great recipe that I like to pull out of my box for special ocassions is the Olive Bread - another no-fail recipe from the reliable collection "The Cooks Bible" . Its also very tasty, and most people in my circle of friends seem to enjoy it.
physical activity is for before and after school and at recess and, hopefully, P.E. That should be enough. It is also important to learn how to sit the hell down so that you dont grow up to be a spaz who cant hold down a job.My Response: I don't know how much activity "should be enough" for every kid out there. I would imagine it's different for everyone. For your information: there are lots of jobs for which sitting the hell down is not ideal. Who is "preparing" the kids for those jobs?
Where soaring spirits lead
Pocket publishes all sub-genres of romance. The editors spoke about some of their preferences:
Former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney didn't comment on a supporter's assertion that President Barack Obama should be tried for treason at a town hall event here.
““Greece’s membership of the euro area is a historic victory for the country that cannot be put in doubt. This achievement by the Greek people cannot depend on a referendum.”
My picks of the beers included the new vintage of Yeastie Boys Her Majesty, a sneak preview of the yet to be released 8 Wired The Sultan and the Baird Dark Sky Imperial Stout. This year Her Majesty comes in the form of a pale Belgian ale that has been fermented with a Saison yeast but has a richer malt profile than would be normal for the style, spicy, fruity and incredibly drinkable!
The region featured two positive status changes in 2011. Thailand, which in 2010 had been downgraded to Not Free, moved back into the Partly Free range due to a calmer political situation that enabled expanded reporting on elections, greater space for dissent and coverage of sensitive topics, and a significant decrease in violence against journalists.
Will she run again in four years?
a. A wildly popular children’s TV show
So i am glad to have made it through to the other side of that one..
Sat- REST maybe go for a mile walk or something
The bad news: We bought a time share this weekend.
Tania Head’s 9/11 story was beyond harrowing. She was in the World Trade Center when the plane dove into the building. Dazed and sickened, she walked down 78 floors with her skin on fire and her right arm dangling. She survived, but her husband died at Ground Zero that day, and the horrific sights she saw on her crawl to safety plunged her into a haunted depression. Only through her involvement as a founding member of the World Trade Center Survivors’ Network did she conquer her grief and trauma.
Yes, the thing that really puzzled me was Silas, my dad and I thought that maybe Silas was a vampire because he had no reflection, he lives in the dark and he isn’t dead or alive
My Creative Scrapbook's May Limited Edition kit is another stunner! It is just filled packed with Fancy Pants Road Show including several beautiful transparencies, one of which is flocked! This kit has my all time favourite Prima flowers. The small pink ones and the beautiful whispy aqua ones. Ah but if only it was a magic kit and each time I reached in the bag more flowers would keep appearing :D
Whatever the treatment was, he didn't want it on his skin any longer than necessary. He washed his hands in the pool. Grit in the water stripped the sticky layer off his hands in moments, leaving them red-raw, stinging with abrasion and cold. His fingers trembled, and now he did rub them as he walked on, in a futile effort to get dry.
Well, there is no definitive answer to that in any dictionary and vague descriptions in a google search. I've compiled that it's an award that you are given by someone else that says, "Hey, I like your blog and keep up the great work you're doing." It's a great way to discover new blogs and share the love.
1 penetrate
It seems like the further into this week we get, the harder things become.
there is the delicious pleasure of choosing the yarn and pattern,
Meanwhile friends cooed and sighed over the new arrival; they came bearing gifts of chewable toys, bouncing balls, baby beds, safety nets, a safety gate (what if the poor thing fell over) and soon I was dealing with a dog nursery and swept along on the infectious tide of their enthusiasm, I began toying with the idea of buying a small crib … even as I was overwhelmed and bewildered by their schmaltzy reactions to this wonderful creature who seemed to be on an endless roller coaster ride.
i can't wait for spring to come in earnest so i can get planting!
For some who is so ruled by sex and sensuality, this is like a fucking nightmare. Everything I liked about my body is gone. My hormones are confusing. I don’t feel correct. What’s worse, I am having a really hard time functioning now and it’s like no one understands. I don’t know what I need. But all of thise new medical crap is making it so much worse. I thought I was done with feeling sick. I don’t want any of this anymore.
See the miracles around you. Marvel at them. Give thanks for them. And then become one yourself, for yourself. When you do that, you will be a miracle for everyone else. Look at yourselves with new eyes, not in judgment, not with ego, but in appreciation for who and what you truly are. Find in yourselves the tiniest thread of that realization and begin to unravel it. Sit with it, wonder at it, and love it. And here is a thought, dear ones, ask for more of it.
Hope to hear from you guys soon!!!
8.Be assertive, but avoid conflict. By understanding peoples motives, and thinking about the reasons why they are causing conflict, you can find mutually acceptable solutions. Their reasons may seem selfish to you – they don’t want a time consuming task because they want to leave early for a date say. But conflict is likely to simply entrench their position or cause resentment. Find some advantage in the situation, e.g. “Sure, I’ll do that today, and I hope it goes really well. By the way, I need to get away early on Friday, so could you help me with my stuff that day”.
'good' mother, your child will 'turn out good'.... somebody thinks a child
okay... i know i don't actually have bragging rights. if i thought i did, then what i said above about thinking every kid is different wouldn't be true. but i really believe that's the case, and that those varying rates of development are not any indication of genius or lack thereof. i've seen it first-hand with the babies of others i know. at some point, they all catch up or slow down to be on the same playing field... or should i say playground? still... if he keeps this up, i'm hoping he'll be able to learn song and dance just so he'll be able to keep us entertained these next four months after he's conquered everything else.
Largest Diameter x Length and Weight: 3.0″ x 6.8″, 26.8 ounces
My one observation from the week is that you all are clearly not doing enough Facebooking, Pinning, Tweeting, and Blog writing between the hours of 5-7 am. I need more to read people! Even the New York Times let me down... c'mon, you can't update more than every hour? ;)
Everyone pretty much knows the basics of the case by now anyway: a former altar boy/Eagle Scout/Marine with a fondness for guns flipped out, killed his mother and wife, then went to the top of the UT Tower and killed and wounded as many people as he could, using some astounding marksmanship techniques he’d learned in the service, before finally getting killed himself. An autopsy revealed a brain tumor that may or may not have contributed to his mental state. I don’t propose to come up with any shattering new details or fascinating interviews in my brief look at Whitman. I want to look at an aspect of the case that I’ve always wondered about–the “where” of it all.
03. Because I have met a series of really awesome professionals who have helped me get this far. And I’m not recovering for them, but because of their care and dedication (seriously, this past round of treatment has shown me that ED professionals CAN and DO care about their patients), I have begun to care about myself. I mean, I trust them with my life and all, so I’m thinking I can trust them that, maybe-kinda-sorta I am worth caring about.
The real world cases aside, there’s also a SQL Server inconsistency. If the table definition is changed so that a clustered primary key is placed on the column then blocking does occur. You’ll see a granted exclusive key lock from the updating spid and a waiting share key lock from the selecting spid. So the behaviour is dependent on whether the table is a heap or a btree.
Noomi Rapace’s performance is better judged this time around, clearly illustrating the disparity between Lisbeth in motion and in rest, a creature of brilliant instinct who knows exactly what to do when facing down hulking thugs and evading law enforcement, but for whom the everyday world and everyday emotions are faintly perplexing, even upsetting, in their lack of scale and clarity. Her sometime lover and helpmate Blomkvist spends most of the film unfortunately stuck in a holding pattern of fending off the police and trying to grasp onto the elusive Lisbeth’s furiously flittering coattails long enough to aid her. But at least this time around Blomkvist’s day job is more important to the plot, which also far more fluently combines Lisbeth’s traumas and motivations with the compulsory abused females subplot, here being the victims of the sex slave ring which finally proves to be being orchestrated by Lisbeth’s scarred Russian thug father Zalachenko (Georgi Staykov), and her hulking half-brother, Ronald Niedermann (Mikael Spreitz), who provides the muscle. Meanwhile Blomkvist contacts Lisbeth’s kickboxing instructor Paolo Roberto (Swedish martial arts celebrity and sometimes film actor Roberto playing himself, sort-of), asking him to help make contact with Lisbeth’s French sometime-girlfriend Miriam Wu (Yasmine Garbi) who’s prone to showing off members of the police force and journalists with extreme prejudice. In an amusingly violent set-piece, Niedermann kidnaps Miriam, and is chased down by Roberto, whose practised pummelling of the nerve-addled beast works no effect,
I know, every blogger makes at least one post per season about the importance of a summer/winter uniform, but with good reason-- there comes a time (especially in summer) when new outfits are incredibly hard to come by because it's far too hot and uncomfortable or cold and ridiculous to bother with it anymore. My summer uniform has consisted of loose dresses and shorts paired with slip-on flats and tucked-in tops. Simple, but without making me feel like I've given up (which is very important in 100+ degree heat). These oxfords are especially nice and summer-y because they're very good walking shoes, which is particularly useful for when I decide to stop being a hermit and walk the dogs or go downtown.
3. new kitchen cabinets & island
The second season, we laid out a raised bed and filled it with a truckload of good dirt. My ambitions were BIG — peppers, tomatoes, watermelon, cantaloupe, squash, carrots, beets, green beans, strawberries, a raspberry plant and a blueberry bush. It was a dry spring and suddenly a wet summer. Our yield ran mostly to peppers and tomatoes. The melons showed promise before rotting from within. The strawberries stretched their roots but, as we expected from a first year, they were stingy about production. The other plants withered and quickly died.
Silence Of Church Organizations About Muslim Persecution Of Christians is Deafening Egypt Seizes Heavy Weapons Near Border With Libya The 2012 Terror Attacks Against Israel You Never Heard About Fatah member insults Hamas; says it supports Israel Samaria Regional Brigade protects the environment Vidal Sassoon, The Jewish “Anti-Fascist Warrior-Hairdresser”
“In Nepal, for instance, mentally ill people can be put in jail because of a lack of mental health facilities,” he says. “No surprise, nobody there admits to being mentally ill. It’s all about what people are willing to tell us.”
So what's up for grabs this month??
With more than 80 years experience in engineering services, the hundred per cent subsidiary of Porsche AG will be further optimising the test facilities and making them available to its clients for testing and trials purposes.The facility itself is slightly larger than than 700 hectares in the province of Lecce, Italy, with the test ground consisting of a 6.2 kilometre long handling circuit, a 12.5 kilometre long high speed oval circuit (easily seen from the photo above) and additional facilities for simulating different road surfaces and changeable weather conditions.
As the sovereign, a group becomes active, assertive, supposedly rational and fitted by this rationality to govern and dominate that which is weak, passive, disorganised and irrational – namely, itself as a mass of individuals. In this, I would suggest, the same symbolic themes appear that in other areas characterise ‘masculinity’ as against ‘femininity’. And, in both cases, there is the risk that the dominance of ‘the feminine’/'individualism’ will bring weakness and decadence, will infect the muscular ‘virtue’ (latin for ‘manliness’) of ‘the masculine’/'the sovereign’.
I have to say, 12 minutes a day is NOT hard to handle, even if the workouts are intense. They’re not SO intense that it hurts, and honestly, I decided halfway through today that I’d be using the ‘make it harder’ options they sometimes give before this 30-day challenge is up.
I was asked to consider writing a post on mental illness and links (if any) to cannabis. I’ll be honest, I did wonder whether the debate behind that and all of the science that goes with it was not just a bit above my pay-grade? Then I learned something about a policing incident in which I was extremely interested which opened this up for me so I thought I’d put down a few thoughts:
See - the whole point of all this fabric was so I wouldn't have to close up my tent to sleep or change clothes. This tent is great for summer camping because it has two almost fully mesh sides, but that's not so great when you're camping at a festival. I didn't want to have to put the rain fly up every time I wanted to change my shirt so I went with the fabric. Bonus was that the cotton still let the air flow in.
Down my spine.
You're backed into a corner. At this point you honestly have two choices—fight or flight. If you wanted to run, I don't think anyone would blame you. I mean, you clearly tried and tried hard. You did your absolute best, and that's nothing to be ashamed of.
Ere I was mangled by that IED,
"Nope. It's still thirty-eight more days."
The two men are beneficiaries of the trust, and not trustees; Pambi’s trustees are either executives or directors of Pamodzi.
Bill Simmons has two kids. While his editors want him to avoid talking about them, every once in a while he can’t help it. Over the summer, he wrote a couple of times about things his young son had gotten into – vomiting in the hallway, slinging dog poop around the house. He prefaced these stories with the line, “Here’s another reason not to have children.” Now I know he was trying to be funny, and in other columns he has talked about how much he likes his kids, but whenever I read that line I found myself getting annoyed.
I hope you have enjoyed this, now that we have gotten through the mess of lesser Star Trek franchises, I will tackle the remaining three. And it’s guaranteed to be brilliant.
We have a challenge that is a little different for you this time. Our design team have all enjoyed the challenge and we hope you do too.
What about you guys? Weren't parties different back when we were young? What themes did you have at your parties? What was your favorite birthday party?
Ground: W3, 2 &0
Isabelle felt the heat snaking up her arm from his touch. She felt the heat within herself stirring. Hadn’t she wanted him to kiss her?
Following an investigation, deputies in Madison County charged Constance A. McGee for starving her horse.
I'm adding this to my favorite books read in 2009; and it's easy to see why this made the Morris Award shortlist. Yes, of course it's because of the plot, and the deft handling of serious issues and everyday issues, and supporting characters who are well rounded; but it's also (in my opinion, I have no connection to the Committee!) the character and portrayal of Blake. Blake is so real, from his humor, his point of view, his attraction to Shannon, that at times I thought Blake was real and the author had just invited him to his house, given him some cheese and caramel popcorn, and transcribed Blake's words.
Or she’s allergic.
Humans caused fires to shift from their 1,000-year-maximum range to their 1,000-year-minimum range in less than 100 years.
Now, it’s not exactly a *high five* moment that Ard Matthews (of Just Jinger fame) managed to forget the words to Nkosi Sikelel’ iafrika, our NATIONAL ANTHEM last night after the Bok Selection on live TV. (Never trust a Jinjer)
as true to Truth as any tale can be,
The werewolf lifted its nose and sniffed the air. “I can smell your blood, little man.” It stepped forward and opened its mouth, showing me the dozens of wickedly dangerous teeth dripping with gore.
Tokelo Nhlapo, a member of the Student Representative Council at the university and also a member of the ANC youth league sang the song while the group was waiting for Malema's arrival to deliver a speech on 'economic freedom'.Nhlapo started singing the first phrases of the prohibited hatespeech song Ayesaba amagwala, but replaced the words ‘Shoot the Boer’ (dubul'iBhunu) with “dubulu lekgoa”: which means Shoot the White People. Asked what he meant by singing those words, Nhlapo replied: "I have the right not to comment. I prefer not to say what I meant'.
The birthday present that was bought for your family member that I really don't like?
While mentioning that he is looking forward to enjoying their company for a while, Paul also mentions that he hopes to have them assist him on his journey to Spain. I don’t think Paul was trying to “guilt” them into helping him on the next leg of his missionary journey. From what I’ve read about Paul in his other writings, I believe he simply knew that their hearts would want to help on his journey. After all, his own heart was wired in the same way.
The bottom part of his left leg pointed sickly in the wrong direction,
Here are the 2012 honorees:
"You know, I think absolute zero is horrible, really."
Bears all from the depths of my soul
Your Own Craft
Apparently the old shoe kick thingy ma bobber (yes, that's my technical term) was screwed into the concrete under the tile, so when it came out, my piece of tile popped right off. Sigh...put it on the to-do list. We really weren't too concerned...we were just excited that our new front door was going in!
Put through the usual Project Monarch horrors, Stefani always knew she was meant for something bigger than a common life. Half reptoid, she never felt quite human; she was born that way.
Can one Redhook Sunrye really satisfy 5 fictitious people? Certainly, and it tastes good too. The rye gives this bitter, but not overwhelmingly hopped, beer an interesting, smooth spunk. The yeast matches well, lending Sunrye a light fruity palette. Pretty good stuff for a warm summer evening.
What Is, is said to be......"like the sun shining in the blue sky
"Surely there is something you can do?" I said. "A few minutes a go, these tickets were not printed off. They have been paid for. My daughter needs these tickets tomorrow morning in Gloucester......"
In his message of hope the Dalai Lama shared:
On Christmas Eve (or in our case, the last night we’re in Spain before coming home) the kids are supposed to sing a Catalan song, which roughly translates to “poop log poop!” (but even more profane than that) while hitting the log with a stick. Then they reach under the blanket to see what the log has produced for them, and there is supposed to be some small presents and Christmas candies.
grey shirt to sleep -
If you are going to a farm, you should wear overalls. They should be the cutest overalls you ever did see.
Team manager Kenny Bowyer, had this to say about the 2012 games.
Give 100%.
The American revolutionary war still had another six years to run before the British were ultimately defeated.
You are about to enter another dimension, a dimension not only of sight and sound but of mind. A journey into a wondrous land of imagination. Next stop, the Jones home on Christmas Day.
It seems every moron with a computer that has something to send out (most likely in a mass mailing) has me on their short list of senders.
Rosie Huntington-Whitley has been the face of M&S brand “Autograph” since 2011. Now she has collaborated with them on creating her own lingerie line, available in stores next September.
6:23 - DADDY'S HOME!!!!!! HOORAY!!!!!
PASTA AT THE DOORSTEP
“When you dream, dream big!”
Do not send your query letter as an attachment. I will discard those unread, and unacknowledged.
I haven't even put up the tree.
Goal:
The Marlins spending spree obviously doesn’t guarantee they will be good, but the upgrade in talent will make them a threat in an improved NL East.
In extremely rare cases, the swelling of the larynx may cause symptoms of airway obstruction. This is more common in infants because the diameter of their airways is so small. In that case, the baby may have a greatly increased respiratory rate and exhibit loud, high-pitched sounds with breathing (called stridor).
BOLIVAR, Mo. — Troy Pierce hit two free throws with 5.2 seconds left to give Emporia State a 71-70 win against No. 11 Central Oklahoma at the SBU Thanksgiving Classic.
I've seen so many fun Halloween crafts buzzing around the crafting community. There is a plethora of amazing crafty people out there, I just can't seem to keep track of all the fun things I want to do. So hopefully you can add YOUR favorite (or one you've seen)Halloween craft to my Mcklinky. If not, enjoy blog hopping around. I hope you'll feel just as inspired as I have!!!
I'm almost wondering where Summer went: the Michaelmas daisies are in bloom and already swallows are congregating on telephone lines ready for the off.
Hello Friends! I've been MIA for about three weeks as life has been keeping me busy. My two kids have both been sick off and on for about a month, I did my first radio interview ever!, the weather has actually been decent for the first time in months and I've been working in the garden finally, and as usual I've been busy as ever with my urban homesteading activism and Take Back Urban Home-steading(s) facebook page. Phew! We completed our greenhouse and chicken coop, so you could say we've been busy bees around here. To get you up to speed here is a quick re-cap of what's been going on around the Alexander homestead:
So I'm driving along one night not too long ago, just minding my own business, when I see a car coming towards me moving at warp speed. As it passes me, I bang a nearly perfect power turn and go after it. I catch the car about a mile down the road and light it up. And just as I stop it, a co-worker of mine pulls up to back me up. Cool.
Right before the closing, I forced myself to stop crying, put on some make-up and a nice dress, then drove in silence with Ross to the title company so I could sign all the papers for this exciting new phase in my life.
10:30 AM (CDT - Central Daylight Time)
The New York Times: Lies Of Omission For Breakfast Every Morning.
Something you must know about doodle yarn is that it frays very easily so the key here is to tuck under all the ends! First attach the doodle yarn to the fleece before sewing up the final seams.
It was like I was a balloon, stretching and expanding as helium lifted me up and up.
Wow what stunning LO's you all came up with for January Scrap Map, we have all had a lovely time looking through them all and thank you so much for joining in with us for our challenges. Its great to see so many people joining in with us :)
He had something interesting to say about everything, and even if you disagreed with him he nevertheless satisfied the prime requirement of every writer and journalist: what he wrote always lived, always entertained, always made us think.
The IWSB Excellence Scholars symbolize the extraordinary ability, leadership, commitment and quality of participation of the PGP students in the IWSB campus life. I congratulate each one of them for a well-deserved recognition.
If you are in the market for upgrading your insulation then the fashionable alternative and Hi efficiency recommendation is sprayed on Foam Insulation. If you are making the commitment become informed before you do about the process, options available and costs. Many contractors are seeing this as a new cash cow to add to their business or starting new businesses without being fully trained and aware.
The chop house had picnic tables with benches to sit. It was a little awkward because just about the whole time we were there, there was a man down the table from us that would NOT take his eyes off of me. It was just constant staring. It’s like he had never seen a white man before. Other guys in the room gave me occasional glances but not the blatant stare of this man. I’m used to getting looks in town, most of them are indifferent. Sometimes the children smile and wave and shout “Nassara!” (white man). And then adults who personally know whoever I’m with, like Dayyibu or Sulemanu, will come up to me with a smile, shake my hand and say “good morning!” or “welcome!” or “how are you?” I do my best to respond in Fulfude, trying to learn the language, but then ultimately I have to say “Mi yafi, mi famay ko bii da Fulfulde” which means “I’m sorry, I don’t speak Fulfulde.” They just smile and continue in as much English as they can.
Under-age and pre-marital sex is no longer taboo as long as there is some restraint.
Read James 2:14-26 (NKJV)
“Nice.” She said as she sat down next to me. “So what did you wanna ask me?”
An article which might have sneaked past you this weekend, Macmillan's Heroes and Heartbreakers blog added a new post to their section of YA Crush, titled, Are you there God? The Mysterious Disappearance of Religion in YA Fiction, by Brittany Melson.
Marissa has been attending a Healing Center twice a week since the beginning of December. Led by the teachings of two very anointed ministers- Danny & Kendra Turner- Now, keep in mind that I am not Marissa. I am Megan. But I can tell you this. What I write here is not opinion. It is truth. It is happening and will continue to happen. & thru all of this, TO GOD BE THE GLORY.
The time has come for me to move on.
“You think I’m a fool? Yes I am a fool! I went to your dead mother’s wardrobe and do you know what I found gone? Not gone but stolen!” Spit sprays from his mouth. “Guess what is missing?” Hamid twists away. “Dad it’s late.” The old man lunges for the bag. “Dad let it alone….”
I kid you not; ’tis true,
Isn't it an inspired quote?
Meanwhile, cook the pasta. When that is done add 1 tablespoon of butter. Resist urge to eat more than a couple of buttery pasta pieces. Contemplate eating buttery pasta with the tomato mixture as sauce. Decide that the beauty of a soufflee and ability to say, “well, last night I whipped up a soufflee,” make doing this not quite worth it. Realize you write really bad run-on sentences sometimes, seriously, Cliffy.
The Poetry Business is now inviting entries for its 25th Book & Pamphlet Competition. Entrants are invited to submit a short collection of poems (20-24 pages), for the chance to win:
I want to share one of my new favorite recipes from The Green Smoothie Handbook. It's green but otherwise tastes pretty normal :)
A figure long of robe materializes,
Volunteer Your Time: Like we’ve already said, we’re all crazy busy. But there’s nothing quite like spending a few hours helping out for a good cause. Even folks who have started the day with “Why did I agree to this??? I really don’t have time!” have walked away from their volunteer assignment feeling relaxed, motivated, more productive and ready for the next big task. It’s a great way to remind ourselves of what our real values and goals are. And if you can build a volunteer team with employees, clients, vendors, their families…all the better! What a great way to build comraderie and teamwork! And if your team is wearing team shirts with your businesses name/logo…believe me, people will take notice.
am i supposed to warm up a chicken nugget lunchable?
Blessings to all of you!
Because it is a document of principles, the Constitution is better than the constitution of, say, South Africa.
Nick offered to make pizzas for us for dinner last night. He made the dough and besides the ingredients, I have no clue how he did it. Secret recipe...well, he really didn't know the recipe, he kind of guessed, but the crust was wonderful!
3. Dinner. (Complete recapture of a resource though messy. We felt like the chicken might have opposition to this idea also.)
5. How I feel coming up on the 14th anniversary of my rape. Every year around this time the nightmares start up again and I hate that no matter what I do, I can't stop them from showing up. It's always the same dream, I'll even recognize that I'm having it and try to change it in the middle of dreaming it and it never really works. No amount of counseling has ever been able to divert the outcome of the dream.
Hi I wish I knew who you are, but it does not matter as long as you are working to let people know who she really is! 9:14 AM Dec 7
In 2008, the state government’s religious Social Reorientation Program, A Daidaita Sahu, meaning “straighten your lines” in the local Hausa language, urged men to be tolerant of trivial marital problems. One reason for the state’s high divorce rate, the government found, was “the misapplication of power by men to divorce women.”
2)I Received This Show Years Ago Doing A Cassette Trade. Unfortuneately,The Only Date I Recived With This Show Was "1993". If Anyone Knows The Exact Date, Please Leave A Note In The Comments Section,And I Will Update The Text Info.Thanks!!
Sold at Swirl Art River Valley outlet on Friday-Sunday.
Why did you deceive me? (nevermore)
T’is the season to be jolly
Yet she sold nothing all day. Shivering, stomping feet, breath misting in the cold, and the pots to be packed up and all taken home again. Her pots? Take a look at her gallery pictures.
(photo: left—Dry Touch Mini Pod, right—Organic bamboo mini pod)
Adding layers gives it depth and feathering and softening the veins is key to giving it a soft fogged feel. It just takes practice. I learned this technique in a weekend and have practiced it for years, but have taught several people who have tackled this like pros. Practice, Practice, Practice.
Blog about Noel's store with a link.
On April 11, 2007, Attorney General Roy Cooper announced the results of his office’s investigation. Not only would all charges be dropped, but the three players were declared “innocent” victims of a “rogue prosecutor.”
'Lobby parliament'
I LOVE THIS ONE!!! this is a hello kitty sleeve. If anyone knows me they know im obsessed with hello kitty, and Zombies of course (That's y i went nuts when Hello Kitty came out with a zombie line :-P) but of course its the perfect mix of rebellion and cuteness!
Publication date: September 2011
The Soros-paid galley slaves over at Media Matters quote Kristina Schake, communications director for First Lady Michelle Obama as saying: "The words, meaning and context in these claims are all wildly off the mark. The First Lady was commenting to the President on how moving and powerful it always is to watch all that America's firefighters and police officers do to honor the flag. It was an emotional moment on a powerful day and she was awed by the ceremony and all that the flag symbolizes."
As a sign of hope the tree is waiting for the rains
For the Lord, who is jealous of his honour, will accept the last even as the first. He giveth rest unto him who cometh at the eleventh hour, even as unto him who hath wrought from the first hour.
As the Gardner girls grew older, they became more and more inseparable. They began a tradition of going out together on Friday night to go shopping and have a meal together. They also took one weekend a year and spent it together in Wildwood, NJ. These traditions held for a long time.
My foundation.
Valentine's Day isn't far away. Have you finished shopping? If not and you have a loved one who likes cherry and dark chocolate, see if you can find this. Dove is available in almost every store never me from the grocery to the discount stores like Kmart.
Post-coup situation update, Tuesday, March 27: For many Bamakois, today was the first day back at work since last week’s coup, following yesterday’s holiday commemorating the 1991 ouster of dictator Moussa Traoré. Civil servants had a strong incentive to get to the office on time: the ruling junta had decreed that any government employee who did not turn up for work by 7:30 this morning would be sacked and replaced. Unfortunately, many of those who did turn up found it impossible to work, since their offices had been cleaned out by looters following the coup. Staff members in two different ministries told me their computers and office equipment had been stolen, office safes emptied of cash, and even coffee break supplies taken.
Monster goes far beyond the monster’s tales. The scenes of Conor’s real life are even more powerful. As he faces bullies, as he shuts himself away from a former friend, as he repeatedly insists his mom will be cured by her treatments — everything is just raw and immediate and all too relatable. Even Conor’s fear of talking about his nightmare struck home. How often do we cling to denial because admitting something might make it true? The scene where the monster, gently yet insistently, forces him to acknowledge the truth… Amazing.
‘For the next two weeks,’ Adam replied, handing them both their all inclusive passes and cabin key cards. ‘They’re filming a new reality TV series charting their planned comeback. They’re doing a handful of gigs over the next fortnight here on the ship, in the Vegas Show Lounge. Okay, that’s you both checked in so, if you’d just like to follow the signs over there to the
The next day I located a payphone and called the new friend that I’d made. He invited me over and gave me his address. It was an easy taxi ride across the city. I had Sunday lunch and drank beer with extended family and neighbors.
Put the pan back into the oven, and bake for about 25 minutes, until the meringue is just very lightly browned.
On the other hand, this is no ordinary writing guide. With a bold attempt to teach style in a new way, the authors are exploring poorly developed territory with interesting and engaging new ideas. The conversational tone shifts the frightening idea of style to something newly accessible, changing it from a mythical creature to a household pet every writer can obtain. Hiding between the classic textbook lines is a book brimming with clever deviations from the norm, setting a new standard for teaching an approach to developing style to the masses.
The new candy is:
"Gay pride was a blast but it always leaves you empty," he said. "One million faggots and not a single one to … oh whatever. LOL. Birthday mo na Kane."
I really enjoy making simple cards. I love the fancy cards but just don't have the patience to do that.
This civil war is the worst self destruction this nation have ever faced. The curse linked to profit made by drug trade is displayed in all its ugliness.
Great value!
If Jeremy Lin was a black player, you could never call his fans the “Lin Mob” or tout a huge performance by saying “Jeremy Lin-ches the Heat”. No matter how positive the intent, the meaning of the words is too negative, but… If he were a black guy playing in a sport dominated by black athletes, the line
QUICHE LORRAINE
David Case – The Cell
Human trafficking affects men, women and children – Due to the scale, illegality and hidden nature of human trafficking, stats are difficult to ascertain. However ‘Stop The Traffik’ via a US government report in 2005 believe that out of the c800,000 individuals trafficked across international borders each year, approximately 80 per cent are women and girls. Many are deceived and/or taken against their will, bought, sold and transported into slavery for sexual exploitation. The video campaign that turned viral, shows that sometimes things are not what they seem:
As much as I would love a career in fashion journalism, that isn’t my goal. My goal is to be successful in everything I do, to enjoy every single moment and to prove to everyone that I do have what it takes. And if that means a career in fashion journalism, or photography or teaching or what ever it may be, then so be it. I just know that what ever I do, everything will be okay, so right now I can just focus on working hard and getting as much experience as possible. There is nothing stopping me from being a top journalist; it’s all in my control. So what, I chose a different route but I’m so in love with my future that there is no way I won’t get there! I had doubts about the business and that’s what stopped me. I lacked self-confidence and belief because I didn’t think I could do it, but I believe in myself. I know I’m a good journalist and I have that passion, so why not me? Yeah, only a few make it, but seriously, why not me? If anything, the fact that it is very difficult make me even more excited and determined. I never had that spark in the business.. I wish I had because I would have made a brilliant manager but I chose not to. Perhaps I just didn’t get it, and if that’s the case then I would never have got it anyway.
I think that’s why we experience a dual feeling in the concept of loneliness, because in the very fullness of the experience of loneliness is exquisiteness, the very same exquisiteness that has inspired many to feel so overwhelmingly emotional, and to paint or to write. All of us experience that connectedness at some point, whether we understand it or not.
Warm breath in her ear,
Nick and I decided to go off the pill and "try" for Baby #2 after New Years.
“Oh, my God,” I said to my husband as we left the funeral.
an old victrola's strains
My OJT wanted to go through central to get her boots shined so I followed to make sure she knew where 10 house was. When I got there Lt Chipmunk catches me and says "Hey! Would you go out and relieve Sgt Earl on the yard so he can leave? Just til Uncle T shows up later."
If there's one thing that I've learnt about life in the 42 years that I've been on this planet is that there is no certainty... In fact, I'm certain of it! As much as we may try to create a solidity or a structure around our lives, as much as we develop routines, rely on patterns of behaviour, on schedules, on systems - at the end of the day, these things are just not certainty-proof... Most of us are seeking a kind of certainty, don't you find... We strive for a certain world because we fear the unknown... We fear losing control... Even, in the world of aesthetics - we are striving for a certain outcome... We create plans, models, schemes - to ensure a kind of certainty in our work... But in reality, no outcome is ever truly certain... And why would you want it to be I wonder... For the uncertain outcome is often the most exciting... We spend a lot of time in the workshops at The Little Cottage looking at the idea of uncertainty in creativity and design... I find that most women who come along to the studio are looking for a kind of certainty - they're hoping to find the skills they need to decorate in a way that dazzles... And while decorating is about accruing and testing skills - it's just as much about being aware of and then embracing uncertainty... Speak to most creative luminaries and they bring with them the same story - the story of finding peace in the face of uncertainty... In the face of the unknown outcome... As creatives, we need not to fear uncertainty but to embrace it... It is in this uncertain space that the most dazzling beauty lies... If you can bring yourself to let go - to free fall (metaphorically speaking) - then you find trust... You find trust in yourself... In your work... In your life... And when you trust yourself in this way - then you can tap into the beauty within at any time... And that, I believe, is the one thing that is, for certain...
The adrenaline built up inside her and she wanted to fight back but her brain was too fuzzy to think of what to say. Finally the stress was too much to bear and she rolled out of bed and headed to the bathroom. She managed to kneel and put her face over the toilet on time. Her mouth let out a long gutteral noise and expelled a thin stream of brown bile.
God blesses Paul’s faithfulness — leading him to Lydia, who is converted; a spirit-possessed slave girl, who is healed; and a Philippian jailer, who is set free from the bondage of sin. The text says Lydia is a God-fearer or a God-worshipper — she has a context for understanding the Gospel in light of her previous understanding. The slave girl represents those who are adamantly opposed to the work of God’s Kingdom. And the jailer doesn’t even understand his own condition as a prisoner to sin. Yet, each of them receives the invitation into God’s Kingdom life. Each one experiences new life resulting from the Gospel proclamation.
5. What 's the best experience you've ever had in your lifetime?
I feel very lucky for having known such wonderful spiritual guides and for having met such great cultures; I will also be more than glad to introduce you all to their wise teachings.
But who cares? Back to the Matrix and the “reality show.”
Lvl 5 - random limb is now useless
Parker was a brilliant promoter who was determined to make Elvis the biggest star and the highest paid – and for many years, Elvis was the top earning singer and actor.
Start the sauce by combining the tomato puree, tomato paste, onion, pepper, garlic, sugar, salt and oregano, either in a large pot on the stove or in your slow cooker. Add one 24-oz can full of water. Heat on medium on the stove, or turn your slow cooker on to high.
After that I went back to the acetic sours and ordered Da Phunk. (Don't you just love the names? Very thematically consistent.)
But my enthusiasm and persistence in getting things resolved and chasing people up when the work they undertook was not carried out, made waves. Also, some decided that once the good seeds had been sewn they wanted to take it over themselves. Granted, I used to make telephone calls to branch administrators late at night, which may have caused irritation, but I saw that the fate of our nation was at stake and in politics there can be no 9-5 approach to the job. Consequently I was removed as Lewisham and Bromley Organiser and the position was passed on to somebody else. Three years on from there, the branch membership collapsed. Under my watch we had rocketed straight to branch status without ever having been a just a group. Today, Lewisham and Bromley is barely a group.
So you have a melody played over chords. The other variables are tempo (how fast you play or sing it) and sycopation/rhythm. These few elements are used to create almost all the music in the western tradition.
Rum was the favored drink down by the waterfront in Hobart Town in 1842. Robert Hughes, in The Fatal Shore (292-293) asserts that it was the unusual man (does he mean working class man?) who did not drink, for conditions were so bad. Apparently men drank themselves oblivious -- sailors, soldiers, ticket-of-leave men or pass holders (those convicts lucky enough to have permission to work outside one of the many prisons or probation stations).
Your article has been accepted for publication and, like most authors, you want your article to be widely accessible, cited, and recognized within your field of research. Before you sign a publication agreement form, it’s a good idea to be aware of what author rights you are signing away: are they rights that you might need?
Finally, when I'd rolled over and muttered how I was going to scruff Scruffy personally if he didn't shut the HELL up, Woody quietly rolled out of bed and went out to see what he could do.
The story really does play out like a classic horror film; just when you start to relax, another body slams into the wall/crawler bursts through the ceiling etc etc – you catch my drift. This is the novel’s strength but it’s also a weakness.
Perfect for after dinner on a warm evening and pretty enough for company.
(c) Commonwealth Act No. 498 declaring a state of national emergency due to a state of war among several nations and as a measure to prevent scarcity, monopolization, hoarding, injurious speculations, profiteering, etc. affecting the supply, distribution movement of foods, clothing, fuel, building materials, agricultural equiptments etc. authorized the President to purchase any of the articles or commodities available for storage, for re-sale or distribution, to fix the maximum selling price of said articles or commodities and to promulgated such rules and regulations as he may deem necessary; and
It's raining.
Potatoes are potatoes so no substitutions needed there. Instead of eggs, I added coconut creamer to the potatoes to make them smooth and creamy. I bought a few different vegan cheeses and ended up using Daiya Pepperjack shreds in the potatoes and Vegan Gourmet Monterey Jack slices for the inside layer. I've noticed that if I mix flavors of Daiya, I don't taste each one so there was no point in using more than one flavor.
Dr. Aregone, while conversing on the phone, shoves a stack of four green binder folders across to the edge of his desk and then with a flick of his index finger, he slams them to the floor. “The burden’s too heavy…, I’m releasing them; we’re finished with them,” he said. He leans back into his cushioned chair and holds his phone lightly against his ear. Should have told her weeks ago, he thought.
So thank you to everyone who filled my 2010. God for giving me everything. Every last molecule of it. He continues to give give give, and I still don't know why. But I stand blessed because of Him. My husband and my family who fill all the in betweens with their love, support, honest reproach, and especially normality - because although I never knew it, I needed it.
Thanks to a generous legacy from former patients of Chapel Allerton and a kind gesture from the Friends of Chapel Allerton Hospital, programmes are now being broadcast from a new purpose-built studio just next door to the old one. The old studio will continue to be used as a record library, as well as providing a working area for programme preparation and a guest waiting area.
Mr. D and I are going to Swing Dance benefit this Thursday
Karl and CB were okay that night. There were quiet moments and silences but mostly they were fine. They were not sweet or touchy-feely. Instead the two were more like buds.
A poster on a pro-choice site showed an egg in a frying pan, a silk worm, on oak tree nut, a sperm and egg that are just getting ready to become an embryo. It reads, “This is not a chicken, this is not a dress, this is not a tree and this is not a baby.” How clever and yet horribly misleading! The egg in the pan had not been fertilized; neither the dress nor the tree would ever have a beating heart; the egg and sperm have not come together yet. They wouldn’t want to show the fetus because it is human and takes that shape and form right away and has a heartbeat before a woman even realizes that she is pregnant. Just a slight twisting of truth and suddenly you have found justification to label murder as a procedure. They downplay it so drastically. Has anyone ever gone on YouTube to watch an abortion? My story can save you the trouble. I wonder how many pro-choice have seen it! We should be fully educated, especially when so many children are paying the price of their very lives, because we choose ignorance (sometimes, just so we can be comfortable). Isn’t ignorance nice? We choose it for abortion, world hunger, poverty, AIDS, elder and sometimes child abuse. What do we turn a blind eye to so we can sleep at night?
The Sense of an Ending Vocab List For Better Cussing:
Or if you need to get better at telling a story, you could find a book of folk tales or urban legends, and read one and retell it, on the page, in your own way. Do the same thing with another story, and then another. Or if you realize that you need to learn how to write more complex sentences, then get a good grammar book, learn something about sentence structure, and practice writing sentences with more than one clause.
I moved her litter box, swept that corner, and put down a folded towel for my knees. I pulled aside the shower curtain, doing everything early in the day in order to prepare myself psychologically.
February 16, 2012 – Thursday
Besides the fact that we don’t need milk, and that it is actually not healthy for us, we need to recognize that most dairy cows eventually get sent to the slaughter-house to become ‘beef’ as soon as they are too old to produce milk. Actually, in America the majority of beef comes from old, worn-out dairy cows. The environmental question is just as clear-cut. There are billions of cows raised every year only in order to produce milk. These cows need massive amounts of grain, steroids, growth-hormones, and produce massive amounts of waste and methane gas. The amount of grain used to feed farm animals in America every year could easily alleviate world hunger. 90% of corn grown in the US is used for animal consumption (cows naturally eat grass, not corn, by the way). There is actually more than enough food produced in the world every year to feed every human, but there is not enough money to pay for it! One of the reasons for this is that such a huge percentage of food is used to raise unnecessary animals instead of humans. In this way, humans who eat meat or use animal products are only getting their nutrients second-hand, by way of an animal, instead of first-hand, by way of the plant material itself. Hundreds more examples and statistics could be summoned to continue building up this unassailable argument, but hopefully you are already convinced.
66. Learn not to hate them before the year is over.
Shipyard Brewing Co. Shipyard XXXX IPA (Pugsley's Signature Series)
What are your thoughts about this weekends matches?
In comparison, I hated the BATMAN television show as a kid. Hated it. Loved the Superfriends and their related cartoons, loved the comics (especially the Doug Moench, Steve Englehart, and Frank Miller stuff), and absolutely hated that goofy ass BAM! POW! nonsense. I’ve always preferred my Batman either dark or heroic – the campy stuff didn’t really work for me. Heck, few campy things work for me in extended form, so don’t get all huffy, interwebs.
I am too tired to make that paragraph readible...Also, the upload linked below is of rathere average quality (in terms of bitrate), then again I don't think bittrate makes a big difference when the original is on cassette...Either way, I'll also through a link where you can listen to the whole album without downloading (hard to tell if it actually sounds any better)
Two things: 1) When/if she does have said breakdown, I hope it's on the reunion show and 2) are all the Housewives contractually obligated to talk about how super-duper crazy insane bananas busy they are? Because every single one of them says it--even that do-nothing Kim from Atlanta.
5) Once your letters are painted and totally dry, turn them over and mark the center of your letter toward the top. (I put two hangers on letters like the capital “H” for stability.) Adhere the metal hangers or ribbon with your insanely strong glue. Insanely strong usually equals very smelly, so be sure you’re in a ventilated area, and use the glue sparingly.
**If you choose to order a program from Christina in the month of April you can get 10% off their purchase!
- 75 grams soft unsalted butter
Now, before you jump all over me, let me say: I know I am still overweight. I know that I have about 20 more pounds to go before I’m on the high end of “acceptable” for my height. I know I’m not there yet.
Follow me on Twitter @AlgranatiW
However, the way the money has been distributed is being condemned by SNN founder and President Areva Martin as “an outrageous inequity.” Of the 16,367 autistic children between the ages of 3 and 6 who received funds last year, those who used the regional center in Orange County received on average $18,000 in services, while children who used a center in South Los Angeles received less than $2,000 in services. Moreover, the Times article states that the department spent an average of $11,723 per White child compared with $11,063 on Asians, $7,634 on Latinos and $6,593 on Blacks.
Out of the sea and back again
Woah….. so exactly what have I “trapped” inside here that needs to get out?
2 taught
This is the Chakra that “determines the beliefs we hold about ourselves…” ( worker, victim, helper, artist, successful, etc). When this chakra is balanced we feel confident, we tend to be more self-aware and more focused on living a life of integrity. We tend to trust more, as we have learned to trust ourselves. As Don Miguel Ruiz, author of the Four Agreements says, “When you become wise, you don’t have to pretend to be someone else. You accept yourself the way you are, and the complete acceptance of yourself becomes the complete acceptance of everyone else.”
Ben’s face fell and again he was lost to all of it. “You’re sure of it?” all his hopes and concerns twisted and snarled together in one huge lump tense just below his throat.
"A mother is not a person to lean on, but a person to make leaning unnecessary."
Medieval: Working so much on Lucy's booklist and I suddenly remembered that on our shelves were a number of picture books on the Middle Ages. Keeps it neat if Snowy reads some too...
On a different note, how did the little lump Lexi found progress? Did you get it reevaluated?
"Are you hungry?" the nurse asks.
And I hear the cry of every longing heart,
Book pages or sheet music
In case you were wondering why part of the title of this entry contains the text “Part One”, it’s because this post will only talk about two of the soles bills that Peru uses. This is what is known in the artistic world as “the cliffhanger” (also known as the “…to be continued” effect in the world of television).
My last dream is very unclear and confusing, but I think that I found a strange large light brownish/tanish colored & multi-colored partly cracked ancient egg; but I have no idea where I was or any of the other details really.
So a lot of this stuff I already knew. But she explains it really well.
Cardinal O’Brien is acting like King Canute in resisting the tide of gay marriage as I fear that the political classes in the UK have swallowed the homosexual agenda and it will be permitted whatever the public has to say.
Everything about Hannah is solid; it’s the perfectly-balanced study of Allen’s core, ongoing obsession with the lives of likeable, entertaining folk - folk we may rarely meet, but take pleasure in spending time with onscreen. Whenever I come back to Hannah it’s as deliciously, surprisingly funny as it was the first time. And Wiest’s scenes are always the ones I look forward to watching the most: they’re relaxed, agreeable and full of character.
It was the first serious rift in 40 years of farming side by side, sharing machinery, and trading labor and goods as needed without a hitch.Then the long collaboration fell apart. It began with a small misunderstanding and it grew into a major difference, and finally it exploded into an exchange of bitter words followed by weeks of silence.
Join us in sending well wishes to SPOON co-founder Mishelle Rudzinski, who is leaving this week for China – she’ll return in a few weeks, bringing home a sweet new addition to her family. Congratulations, Mishelle and big sister Bakha!
It's who's in it with you . . .
CHAPTER 4: Clasp/Closure
You can’t make this stuff up. I get it and my kids get it. I’m not sure everybody would. But it did him good. I see a new chapter beginning. Thankfully I will see him again soon. I love him….so much.
If you read the last entry on how love is easy, you’ve got the jump here. You already know we were made for love and since we were made for it and it comes naturally for us it can’t possibly be difficult. Maybe you’ve been believing there’s a shortage of this thing we were all made to do. I beg to differ. Love is not scarce. It’s abundant! It’s all around us! It’s fantastic!
Go .... look ... enjoy too ~
What about blight?
And I'll do it the only way I know how. Fast.
The virtual is real to this distracted and (self-characterized) omniscient generation (i.e., “It’s all on the Web whenever we need anything). The great danger for the teacher is automatically reading such multi-tasked immersion as indicating that students are not paying attention. Could it be that their mode of situated cognition has conjured up an utterly different definition than mine of what it actually means to “pay attention?”
"You're too addicted to that game," Jessica said. "It's not healthy."
Anywyas, what’s been bothering me like crazy is having my daughter to obey the simple command ‘NO’. She doesn’t seem to accept the word. Apparently it converts to a ‘YES’ every time the sound wave reaches her ears! It gets me riding up the wall everytime I have to run by the simple instruction.
Help me scrutinize my whole way of life
Nice happy fluff after the somber (but excellent) Columbine. Jane Hayes is an unlucky-in-love modern New Yorker whose wealthy great-aunt leaves her a trip of a lifetime in her will: a chance to visit Pembrook Park in England, a Regency retreat where she can adopt the customs of Austen's England and maybe find a handsome suitor of her own.
There’s a principle called- Peak to Peak
Material gain is not overly important, although some Life Path 9 people are materially rewarded in significant ways. In this, however, the 9 Life Path is not apt to get rich since they’re very generous—many times to a fault—and usually have an easy come, easy go attitude about money.
When love of God and love of people intermingles
As I set up to do her treatment, I talked to her primary nurse, who told me that she had been doing better and better-- until two weeks ago, when she "coded." Obviously, she had been hypoxic (deprived of oxygen) while her heart and lungs were stopped long enough to damage her brain.
Formed in 2009 after meeting at school, the original members consisted of Justin Jurgens, Dave Benton, Kyle Seely and Hart Seely. The band released a six-song EP Vas Deferens in May of 2010. After a summer tour, Dave left the band and was soon succeeded by Mike Caridi. They then released a split 7” in December 2010 with Chalk Talk and their first Topshelf release in 2011 with run, WALK! (Holy Roar Records). Sirs’ primary musical influences include The Band, Anti-Nowhere League and Electric Light Orchestra.
Ministers could yet decide, as was hinted at before the Budget, to reveal some meaningful detail about the discussions already held with the leaderships of other referendum cities, but it now seems unlikely. Yes campaigners, therefore, must make the most of the Liverpool and Greater Manchester deals that we do know about – by no means, as it turns out, too discouraging a task.
3/4 tsp. vanilla extract
1. If you live outside the big three, coverage is likely much less expensive than you think.
Waiting to break away its banks
This returns back to those deep seated issue I have about revealing my sexual behavior. I don’t want people to wonder about what may or may not be going on behind me closed door. The answer is not a daggone thing, but I hate the innate feeling that I’m being judged. I don’t like to talk about my non-existent sex life because part of me is embarrassed that I don’t have one and another part of me is freaked that people will draw wrong conclusions from something I say or do. Or maybe I hate the weird restraints and guilt I place on myself about sex. I don’t care to discuss someone else’s behavior, but I don’t want to talk about mine. Sex just is too big a deal, a bigger deal than it should be. I think it also needs divorced of its natural taboo, but I can’t seem to apply that truth to my own life. Once again, my mind is split in two. Nothing new there.
The Herald article stated:
Officials of the National Astronomical Observatory of Japan and the Riken research foundation said on April 19 that the activity of sunspots appeared to resemble a 70-year period in the 17th century in which London’s Thames froze over and cherry blossoms bloomed later than usual in Kyoto.
I used a ton of Amy Tangerine products on this layout! I loved the bright and bold colors!
I cut the card base from the Forever Young cartridge at 5 1/4. I used my gypsy to weld the shape together. I cut the base layer at 5 and distressed the edges with Time Holtz~Victorian Velvet.
Obviously there's no "industry trade organization," and no report. It's just Ms. Nunn again, fishing for info with the same old stinky bait. But since I didn't bite, maybe she (or Mr. Wentworth, if he's a shill and not an alias) sallied forth onto the Internet and posted the pseudonymous comments linked in at the beginning of this entry--trying, in the only way available to her (or him), to have "a negative effect and impact" on my credibility.
The stones have become a subject of interest for conspiracy theorists. One conservative activist demanded that the Guidestones “be smashed into a million pieces, and then the rubble used for a construction project”, claiming that the Guidestones are of “a deep Satanic origin,” and that R. C. Christian belongs to “a Luciferian secret society” related to the New World Order. At the unveiling of the monument, a local minister proclaimed that he believed the monument was “for sun worshipers, for cult worship and for devil worship”.
-upper cabinet doors removed, awaiting painting (temperatures dropped and humidity rose so they maybe off a few more days.)
Price: $43,800
Verdict on waffles? I got 1 half (the one peaking out from the bottom in the 3rd pic) of the waffles reallyyyyy crispy and yummy, the kind that makes a crackling sound when you cut + bite! But the other piece and both of the boy's werent crispy at all. Think they shld leave it in the waffle maker for a lil longer to achieve that crispyness?
The majority of Amish novels feature the Old Order tradition, so one featuring the very conservative Swartzentruber group is a rare find. During An Uncommon Grace, we learn why not all Amish are the same. The Swartzentrubers are mostly isolated from other Amish groups and have even stronger limits on the amount of Englisch technology that can be used. Swartzentruber buggies do not have red warning triangles on them, and use of the phone – even for business or emergencies – is totally forbidden. When Levi discovers tragedy at his home he has no choice but to ride to his Englisch neighbor for help, which is where he meets Grace who is currently staying with her grandmother.
"I couldn't stand it if they took it out on you," he tells Bianca, "and eventually they would."
"Rule 5: Be Flexible
I had reason to look at an Ohio map recently. You remember maps, don’t you? Those big, colorful, multi-fold pieces of paper that we once used to find our way in the world, before computers or GPS?
September-track 1/week
Mom kept an immaculate house. At least once a week everything from floor to ceiling and everything in between was swept, vacuumed, washed, or polished. Curtains and blinds were regularly taken down and washed, silver was polished, and spiders didn’t dare start a web in one of her corners. She took a part-time job when I started to school, but she was fast with a broom and still kept up with her cleaning. A few years later when she went to work full time, she didn’t lower her standards but instead enlisted the rest of the family to help in the weekly ritual. Well, most of the family. By then my brother Jim was involved with school and church activities and various part-time jobs that exempted him, but Dad and I knew what our Saturday morning duties were. I changed bed and bath linens, cleaned the bathroom, and dusted; Dad did the floors; and Mom stayed in the kitchen. She cooked a lot, especially on Saturday, and while she cooked, she cleaned. Her appliances always sparkled like they had just been delivered, and her kitchen floor really was clean enough to serve as a dinner plate if you were so inclined.
Fred Rogers has been doing the same small good thing for a very long time
Or, as you learned if you could get through even a single chapter of the Celestine Prophesy without your eyes bleeding from the horror of James Redfield's writing: There are no coincidences.
Installation and Care
Right now my kids are still small. Most of my day is centered around breaking up fights or teaching little hands how to eat with a knife and fork, or simply making sure they are getting the love they need. Even then, that last one sometimes requires more than I can muster. Getting a dog would tip me over. This I know.
"But I saw them in the evening, after the sun had gone down," was my answer.
There was a lot of restrictions, no gas or oil was the largest issue, since I had planned to ride the bike to where it needed to go. “No problem,” was the reply, “we will come and pick it up.” Really?
"I then went back to pull the curtain again and I then saw my father lying on the floor with his head covered in blood. Jan was behind me. I told him not to go inside the house, but he insisted on doing so," Hiltje testified.
Mother was born in 1929, so growing up in a family of nine children meant that there were a lot of very hard times. Mother started at a very young age finding odd jobs to earn her own money and always had a little stashed away. She kept that habit throughout her lifetime. I know that there is no fortune hidden but it is a little like a treasure hunt when I look around her house and see the magnitude of ‘hidey holes’!
Vic Chesnutt
Where to find Blind Husbands:
I went to the University of Virginia for my undergraduate degree and then immediately went to law school afterwards at the Dickinson School of Law in Carlisle, PA . As I said, I pursued design shortly thereafter (and at the strong encouragement and support of my parents), while somewhat reluctant because my father is a lawyer. I soon realized, though, that I made the correct decision and feel this was my true calling. I love what I do and wake up looking forward to it every day.
Since our first frost last year, I have squandered away several hours studying that tree for any evidence of the neon-bright green needles that only the earliest-sprouting of springtime cypress trees have. I know the old Cajun folks around Arnaudville had their ways to tell if winter was truly over, my grandparents waited for the pecan tree leaves sprouted before they planted any spring vegetables, and I know some folks wait until they saw their first springtime robin.
Penelope Lorrimer is the pretty daughter of a wealthy Edinburgh family; they have plans for her, but their ambitions do not match hers.
Swank
Love forever and always,
Being of a frugal nature I volunteered to remove said tree from atop the house it fell on for I figured I could use the firewood next winter.
Anyway, I started off doing a completely different mani and ended up with pandas. I think it worked :D
· We also have included “Here Comes Santa Claus” with Peggy Lee from the 1949 show.
If you take nothing more from this site, or read nothing more, remember that.
Pour all ingredients into a large container, grate soap, and mix. Super easy, luckily when I was grating soap my husband was home and took over doing one, which was nice since you get a bit of an arm workout:)
Automatically, he said, "I know." It wasn't true, but he wasn't going to let the Wilder think she'd taught him something useful. And anyway, if the Gift-Givers knew how to handle Clearsight in a Sherim, Rel should have heard about it in training.
So, last night I bringing ah pardna up to speed on the Cheryl Miller case because he was in transit for the last few days and unable to read the blog (me woulda shame).
While I am no great fan of bankers getting paid vast amounts of money, the realpolitik is that unless every major economy in the world acts in concert on banker’s salaries , bonuses et al – the market will rule and the very high reward structure for banks will have to remain. Political posturing is fun for a while but then the harsh ays of reality kick in. If Britain a banking sector, let alone one of the most effectrive in the world, we can’t control what the banks do in terms of rewards to the top people who make the money.
Fri 25th May: 12pm-11pm (£3)
Can you believe that I will no longer be ODD?!?!
All responsibilities discarded,
And I quote Swami Vivekananda –
Some of the same officials who just six months ago were celebrating Brazil’s seemingly unstoppable emergence as an economic power now privately admit they have few good options to meaningfully kick-start activity in the wake of news on Tuesday that the economy grew just 2.7 percent last year.
this terrific graphic ?!
I came up with the general color scheme for Kalia's room when I came across this image on Benjamin Moore's website :
The scan makes the card look a lot darker than it actual is. I'm glad Topps has stuck with matt colours throughout the product and didnt flood it full of Chrome inserts like Heritage.
10. Do not think I will not consider you a client because you cannot pay me enough money to have my fortress in Spain.
Not really! I released him to safety and freedom. Of course I did. Look what a little cutey he was:
Ornish’s diet was used in conjunction with exercise, stress reduction, and other holistic methods. Ornish allowed only the use of egg whites, which contain no fat, and nonfat dairy products in his low-fat vegetarian diet.
See, I couldn't bring myself to show my own face on the video. (You didn't want to see me anyway. New baby + maternity leave does not equal a shower every day. Trust.)
Ram Brewing Company Big Horn Blonde 4.4%
My biggest problem is and always has been my diet! It used to be that i was just too much of a pig and i didnt want give up foods that i liked! Now a couple years into it, i am better on what i eat and most of the time eat pretty clean but i still eat too much volume and i dont eat often enough. i know, i know, that sounds completely odd but think of it this way. If i ate like the boss laid out for me so that i was consuming enough calories throughout the day then i wouldnt be starving at night after work and eating way more than i am supposed to. I am supposed to be drinking a protein shake at 3pm, 260 +/- calories almost all protein. But i get busy and forget and before i know it is 4 or 5 and im hungry and so by the time i get home around 6, i eat too much and generally it is too much carbs! My other problem is i way lose it on the weekends if im not busy. being home is a bad thing for me!
We used our zodiac for a quick trip into town. If you are ever there, try the ice cream shop right along the water. The ice cream isn't soft serve but it isn't rock hard either. I tried "Fear the Turtle" -- chocolate ice cream with caramel and cashews. If I was still a kid, I would have been wearing chocolate for the rest of the day. Thankfully, I'm a bit of a cleaner eater now.
- Adjustable textile strap and brown canvas lining
I'm looking forward to more help around the house and for the kids to really feel ownership of their money and their things.
Trusts are part of the law of property, and arise where one person (a “settlor“) gives assets (e.g. some land) to another person (a “trustee“) to keep safe or to manage on behalf of another person (a “beneficiary“). They were originally derived to get around the English Common Law restriction on not being able to hold land jointly. It therefore could potentially act as a holding body for land assigned by deed for the ‘beneficieries’ which would be defined in the trust. Trustees have to be unanimous in their decisions and are personally responsible to their beneficieries, so appointment by the Development Corporation of persons with no financial interest in the outcome would be a potential approach. A trust however would be quite a rigid model, unless rigidity in holding land was the intention, as it is for example in Community Land Trusts.
It turned out to be the most dysfunctional dinner party I’d ever had! I’ve noted “Peter Dinner – DYSFUNCTIONAL!!!” and I so clearly remember it still to this day, in fact, I haven’t done one since lol! My sis-in-law didn’t care much for my girlfriend and the feeling was mutual. Another gal pal had dropped by as I was preparing things, my one girlfriend had already arrived early to help a bit and those two got along well. Then my sis-in-law arrived and she wasn’t in a very good mood and had taken a few shots verbally already at my other friend so things were getting a little heated. My friend who’d dropped by said to my sis-in-law “Now, now … don’t be yourself … be nice!” and it made us all laugh, but the message wasn’t lost either.
That is granted to time followers in a classical episteme of non-local causality
We had organized a Secret Santa between the six of us (The Pilot, his brother, sister and each of their significant others.We drew names at Thanksgiving and arranged it so that none of us could get ourselves or our significant others. It ended up being pretty funny because we got his brother and his wife, they got his sister and her boyfriend, who in turn got The Pilot and me. So all of the couples ended up with each other. I got an awesome new Nike running shirt from his sister and his mom bought me the most beautiful coat that I've been eying for months. Best part? She had no idea.
The island has been really breezy the past couple of days, but the drum like the water stirred up and dirty for the most part. We have reports of red drum 25″ to 35″ caught along the beach on cut bait and shrimp. We also have reports of sea mullets, pufferfish, and bluefish one to two pounds.
The original Roman Catholic abbey was built outside the walls of London, but it’s now in the center of town. Winston Churchill’s World War II Cabinet rooms are just down the street. Big Ben tolls around the corner and bright red double decker buses pass continually.
Long story. There was a story, one of four which I'd originally written in 1999-2000, which was published in Granta in 2002 and which I'd assumed I'd be including in this collection. But when I looked at it properly again, it didn't feel right - it felt like something I'd written when I was 23, not something which I would write now. It felt like I'd be including it just to pad out the pages. But it also tied in so nicely with the themes and landscape of the book that it seemed a shame to leave it out. And yet I wasn't at all sure I wanted to rewrite it; I've always felt that when something is
“Two years after the wrenching restructuring of the U.S. auto industry and the bankruptcies that remade General Motors and Chrysler, the UAW is facing its own financial reckoning. America’s richest union has been living beyond its means and running down its savings, an analysis of its financial records shows. Unless King and other officials succeed with a turnaround plan still taking shape, the next financial crisis in Detroit may not be at one of the automakers but at the UAW itself.”
Sometimes, i think we are worse than the secular office. We say we can’t do anything because it’s not our efforts so we give up or we don’t even try. We say we can’t measure growth & so we don’t do anything. Because nothing should be done in human efforts, no one sits down with anyone to tell the truth anymore. When they do, it comes out in ways that are tactless & hurtful & when we get hurt, we may be called sensitive; or that we can’t take feedback when it was not done in a specific way or clearly & not objectively.
heading east as I write this.
“No!” I cry, lunging for it. “Did it break?”
We call the whole yachting deal an experience because it is so much more than just a means to get from A to B. The experience can scarcely be compared to anything else. The combination of majestic waters and your seclusion, makes this experience very unique to some and sought after by many. If you do find yourself on a luxury yacht, you are a privileged human being and don’t forget it.
Women make more than 80 percent of all purchasing decisions and control two thirds of the nation’s disposable income. And moms may have the greatest buying power. What mom doesn’t share the latest trends or personal experiences with a business that has provided products or services for her family or herself?
He advances towards her with heavy steps that evoke no motion in the sand beneath his bare feet. The urge to burst out and evaporate into the air now abandons him; it’s hurt so much it doesn’t hurt any more.
These days, the most common question I get from junior analysts about derivatives is, “How much money did we make off the client?” It bothers me every time I hear it, because it is a clear reflection of what they are observing from their leaders about the way they should behave. Now project 10 years into the future: You don’t have to be a rocket scientist to figure out that the junior analyst sitting quietly in the corner of the room hearing about “muppets,” “ripping eyeballs out” and “getting paid” doesn’t exactly turn into a model citizen.
In 1986 a part of the adjoining car park, which had been an old bomb site, was developed to develop a cinema, but it has today been bull dozed to make way for a residential development. Karl Marx previously lived in this building, among the oldest in Soho. But its claim to popularity within the 20th century was as “Leoni’s Quo Vadis”, among London’s respected Italian restaurants created within the 1930s by Peppino Leoni.
The quantity of topping would probably have to be increased to give all the cakes a good dollop of icing. (I only iced 24 of the cakes and baked the remaining mixture as a small plain cake.)
“In this the love of God was made manifest among us, that God sent his only Son into the world, so that we might live through him. In this is love, not that we have loved God but that he loved us and sent his Son to be the propitiation for our sins.” (1 John 4:9-10) “See what kind of love the Father has given to us, that we should be called children of God; and so we are.” (1 John 3:1) “In love, he predestined us for adoption through Jesus Christ.” (Ephesians 1:5) “He was wounded for our transgressions; he was crushed for our iniquities; upon him was the chastisement that brought us peace, and with his stripes we are healed. All we like sheep have gone astray; we have turned every on to his own way; and the Lord has laid on him the iniquity of us all.” (Isaiah 53:5-6) “But God, being rich in mercy, because of the great love with which he loved us, even when we were dead in our trespasses, made us alive together with Christ - by grace you have been saved - and raised us up with him and seated us with him in the heavenly places in Christ Jesus, so that in the coming ages he might show the immeasurable riches of his grace in kindness toward us in Christ Jesus.” (Ephesians 2:4-7) “For your Maker is your husband, the Lord of hosts is his name; and the Holy One of Israel is your Redeemer, the God of the whole earth he is called.” (Isaiah 54:5) “He will swallow up death forever; and the Lord God will wipe away tears from all faces, and the reproach of his people he will take away from the earth, for the Lord has spoken. It will be said on that day, ‘Behold, this is our God; we have waited for him, that he might save us. This is the Lord; we have waited for him; let us be glad and rejoice in his salvation.” (Isaiah 25:8-9)
**While you are browning your ground beef go ahead and boil your elbow pasta.
Q-Tell us a bit about you & your family
Using a handheld mixer, beat butter, sugar and brown sugar just until smooth. (You may be tempted to use your stand mixer. Don't. You'll be less likely to overmix with the handheld mixer.) Add peanut butter and mix just until blended. Add egg and vanilla and mix just until blended.
But that doesn't mean we won't be taking advantage of Tony's book tour to make sure his fans have even easier access to "the man."
Additional glassware and t-shirts will be available for purchase, and, of course, don't forget to tip your tour guide. Please arrive 10 minutes prior to your tour time and have your driver's license available. Sampling beer is limited to tour ticket holders and persons 21 years or older only.
His neighbors have complained of fully automatic gunfire erupting from his complex and of a low flying helicopter that combs the area in search of any intruders.
“I accidentally broke one yesterday…”
While Islam did not have a poverty stricken dead man, but a God who demanded a set of specific behaviors but did not mind wealth as long as they gave alms to the poor. And you could still seek knowledge along as you practiced those designated set of behaviors.
Not only is this a matter of health, it is a matter of choice. Choice should not be defined by income level, just like healthy food should be a right and not a privilege.
I made meatballs the other day.
This year, ahead of the general election, he predicted charges against Zuma would be withdrawn, earning a rebuke from the ANC Youth League and from ANC stalwart Lindiwe Sisulu, who was liaising with prosecutors to get Zuma off the hook.
5 cups torn romaine lettuce
Mahek: – Thanks. (She stands there and after a minute). Pratyush, I don’t know I should say this now or not but I still love you.
Can our Senators, specifically Sen. Antonio Trillanes, generously share who still got reputation?
Yeah it’s a bold title. Especially for an unattached 20-something year old. However, my quest out west has taught me a lot so far. One of the biggest lessons I’m learning now is the importance of self-love. We’re always so eager to encourage and compliment other people, but never stop to tell ourselves positive, lovingly lovely things.
Acts 22:24
* Iced Sugar cookies (recipe below)
While already a compelling read, Shreve does a fantastic job of infusing history into the storyline. The Revolutions of 1989 serve as a backdrop as a well as an interesting reflection of Gordon’s life. As major stories unfold, he misses one opportunity after another to make a name for himself in journalism. The events of 1989 literally redefined Eastern Europe and changed the course of the Cold War, yet Gordon, insecure in his abilities fails to follow the story and create headlines. Just as Eastern Europe collapses, so does he.
Cost of other essential gear: $0
Yes, this is the teen's toe. She was playing around at camp (where she is a helper) and kicked a freezer. A doctors appointment and an x-ray later, we found out it was just a really bad sprain. Even the doctor was surprised it wasn't broken.
06/28 – Montreal, QC @ La Tulipe
Last-minute preparations: Police prepare to carry out the raid in connection with the sex abuse ring, over which 13 men have been questioned
“We apologised to residents and their relatives at the time.”
Fanibunda
The challenge over there is to pick one of the older sketches for your card. It's their 3rd anniversary celebration. I left off a sentiment because I am not sure how I will be using this yet.
Michael crawled on top of Casey. “You’ve had the rest, now here’s the biggest?” He said as he used her hand to fondle himself. “That doesn’t rhyme Michael” Paul stated as they laughed. “It might not rhyme, but we all know it’s the truth. Billy’s pecker is so little, he couldn’t get a chicken pregnant.” Billy’s laughter stopped. The boys watched Michael fondle Casey. Billy, being embarrassed by Michael’s statement, replied “If stupidity could fly Michael, you’d be a jet.” Michael was entranced with his ability to take what he wanted. “I’d have to be twins to have more fun.” Michael said. Casey’s face was stained with black tears as the mascara ran down her face. Michael’s remark wasn’t funny to Casey, but Michael enjoyed it. “Ashes to ashes and dust to dust. If it wasn’t for women our pecker’s would rust.” Michael stated. “How’s that for rhymin’, Billy?”
If I blog about home and family and decorating and hospitality, but spend so much time focusing on my blog and what to blog about that my home, family, friends, ministry, and personal creativity suffer as a result, what does that say about me? About my priorities? I certainly can't write a post inspiring you to make a welcoming home if I'm too burnt out from time on my computer editing words and pictures to make my OWN home a welcoming place to be.
Her beautifully delicate cover of Elton John’s Your Song (originally covered for the Christmas John Lewis Advert)had everyone in the quaint venue swaying as it was filled with the crowd’s voices echoing her words.
I try to be nice. I bend over backwards to accommodate others. I invite them into my home. I share. I try to give the benefit of the doubt. I understand their outlandish needs and do my best to solve them. AND WHAT DO I GET!
Wth could this mean?? I figure it’s gotta mean something if I keep dreaming about this place.
Definitely recommend this book to others.
5yr old bottle: I took a nose of the beer and my exact words were; "This smells so fuck!ng good!!! It smelled like the ultimate vintage ale. Massive amounts of marmalade, chocolate wood, caramelised orange rind and raisins and a heap of burnt sugar. I thought the fresh bottle was sweet, DEAR LORD! This was a beer which was so sweet it coated your mouth and refused to let go, it was so cloying it almost left you speechless! (it did for quite a while) Carmelised apples and burnt pear skins, you get the idea that the first has a bit more orange bitterness about it when compared to the old one - this is the best beer and will be the best beer I have this year. The bitterness of the IPA has completely melted away to produce something that's so complex, so dominating it pretty much takes your breath away. The bottles state; "ages well" - Sam, I wanted to think you were wrong, but you couldn't have been any more right.
Dry roast fenugreek, sesame seeds separately till you get good flavors and grind them together into fine powder then set ground powder aside
You really needed to kick the door, Spencer?
I took a single seat approximately 4 miles from the stage, right next to a joyous little 4 year old by the name of Julio (Julie-O). Right away, I was welcomed with a great big and friendly "Hi!". I still had half of an hour to kill before showtime and my mind started to wander as I contemplated the enjoyment that I would extract from the upcoming performance. I thought to myself, "Ya know, with this seating, I could really sneak out the back door and have time to grab a couple of drinks and something to snack on, be back in time for the finale and the Weasels would never be the wiser". Then I realized that I had not said that in my head, but out loud! I'm one point closer to that Mother of the Year Award.
3- I used heart mold, you can make pancakes without it.
Ardell Claudia Lashes
In 1988 before moving to another city many miles from home, my little brother and I went on an adventure, our parents hauled our horses and all our supplies to a local state park 16 miles from home, we camped out for the weekend, enjoyed the time with our horses. We took them swimming and then trail rode until evening, then after bedding them down would make our supper and sleep in our little pup tent. We packed up our supplies and headed for home at the end of our weekend, it was a very long ride for a little 7 yr old boy, and by the end he was completely beat, but we did it! Our grand adventure!
Dickmaische 2 at 55 minutes, ~1/3 of mash.
Securities when the margin equity of the said margin accounts was below 150
Now... I sleep.
Green chillies -1-2 (according to taste) (finely chopped)
The Weather Girl
-Stories can be emailed
Things went from disappointing to downright dismal for ARENA in early 2010, when ex-President Elías Antonio Saca (2004-2009) led 14 of the party’s deputies to split off and form a new block, GANA. The dissident party currently has 16 deputies. ARENA seems, however, to have survived the mutiny. Both the TCS and LPG Datos polls predict GANA will remain something of a third force in Salvadoran politics but lose representation in the AL.
The card with Belle on the porch swing is called "Summer Days"
Signposts matter.
I had ice cream in mind but I didn't have any eggs in the house. I immediately thought of kulfi. Again, for those who don't know, kulfi is an Indian frozen dessert much like ice cream with a few differences. I did some research into how kulfi is made and the varieties of ways is astounding! They all end up the same way though so they are just means to an end. I only had condensed and evaporated milk so I came up with my own recipe based on my research. I was not expecting much to be honest but I felt like I had do something, anything, with the black zapotes because I couldn't let them go to waste.
i guess i struggled with the route, being largely over undulating fields, farmland and lanes and hundreds of differently styled styals. fiddly i'd call it. and for me not very inspiring.
Act,— act in the living Present!
Whether you’re a Crimson Tide fan or not, you have to respect Nick Saban. He’s won 3 BCS titles in 9 years with 2 different schools. He is a stickler for discipline on and off the field. When this man speaks, we listen…
2 T sanding sugar or granulated sugar
What did you bring me, keep me from the gallows pole?
29. Coming to Your City -- Big & Rich
space to share stories, work, lessons and laughs? We decided on something as simple as the common BBQ and, for the first time, we would try and bring together the start-up community with the digital, advertising and other creative agencies in the area that have the skill and resource to help them grow.
The phone and plan I ended up with was exactly what I wanted. How often does an impulsive decision work out for the best? Once the owner understood that I did not want or need an unlimited plan for a fixed amount per month, he found a prepay per minute plan (Total Call Mobile) and a Sanyo Katana phone. the ultimate cost per minute is less than that of the previous phone, the plan does not require purchasing airtime in addition to minutes, the Katana phone (for which he discounted the price) is packed with features that I'm still learning about, the contacts database is more user-friendly, the screen is easy to read, and never has the phone been out of service.
1 1/2 Tbsp. sweet chili sauce
In all my determination to be on time, we ended up arriving 25 minutes early, I was so paranoid about getting stuck in traffic that we left so early that the journey took no time at all, there was not one single bit of traffic or one red light to hold us up on our way, so at 8.20 we were sat up the road from the school waiting……
