"Authorised invasions must be done in a limited way and there must be strong reasons for it to be done," he said.
Unfortunately Marko has decided to stop using the potty. I don't think it's just because of the new baby, because he was fine the first week. But with no one available to keep track of when he might need to go, physically lead him over to the potty, and sit down and read to him until he goes ... he's just not into it. If I just call from the couch "please sit on the potty!" it does not work at all. And he just doesn't seem to know when to go on his own. After the time when he peed on a stack of library books, and the time when he begged to be on my lap and peed on that, and the time when he sat in the baby's carseat and peed in that, I finally decided I was done with this, for now. I don't mind cleaning puddles off the floor -- it's a heck of a lot easier than changing a diaper -- but they don't always end up on the floor, but the couch, the clean laundry, his toys .... you can imagine, I'm sure. So I put him back in diapers.
Deli meats, chips, sodas, gallons of tea and lemonade
2. Entry must use the sketch above and include a title, photo(s) and journaling.
in a sweet melodious voice is all
It's beautifully packaged and knowingly annotated (unlike the Exile re-issue which gets the words to Tumblin' Dice wrong among other minor but irritable errors), tons of ultra rare photos and ephemera, but it's the music what counts and with this baby I think I can throw away a good dozen or so earlier bootlegs since this comprehensive set not only beats what's been out there over the years for sound quality, I'm fairly actually astounded at how much excellent material is here that I didn't have. Being something of a completest (read: brain damaged) on the subject of vintage Rolling Stones (my cut-off point is '73 except for that great '81 session where Keith does his best Jimmy Reed impersonations which I posted last January) and the Keith produced rasta gospel group The Wingless Angels whose 1997 album was the best record Keith had been involved in since Exile. I have no idea where you can buy something like the Genuine Black Box, so don' ask me. And I have no idea how much it costs, but it can't be much more than the $145.00 I spent on my (count 'em) tenth copy of Exile. And you get a lot more for your money, both in music and packaging. Since the Scorpio folks were nice enough to send me a review copy and I assume they have to eat and pay off roadies, sound men and tape vault custodians, I'm not going to give away all six CD's for free (I haven't seen it on the web yet, don't mistake it for the Black Box triple CD that's all over the place these days, but if you check Captain Crawl every day for the next few months it's bound to show up). But I can tell you what's there, and since the Stones (and/or Abkco) seem to have no interest it making this stuff available legally, I'm not going to feel to guilty about it either.
AppleCare Protection Plan ($99)
Hi Dawn, I'll be short and sweet. I love your blog and plan on getting your book when it comes out. My question is what blogs do you read in your spare (yeah right!) time?
Trust that there is a tiger, muscular
Put your best efforts on display for 100 words (more or less) and hop on board Friday with links back to your blog so we can all see what you’ve written. If you don’t have a blog of your own you are welcome to post your 100 words in the comment section of my story’s post (Friday).
The 17-year-old was punched in the face three times and both teenagers suffered facial injuries.
SOUNDTRACK: You get to see The Donnas on screen as well as hear them during the closing credits. We also have Letters To Cleo (I See), Veruca Salt (Volcano Girls), The Cars, Scorpions (Rock You Like A Hurricane), and a few other songs.
Wall Street’s article gives us several examples of young men and woman who are building applications – like smart phone apps, and online tools. Once launched and showing signs of success in the marketplace, they are then able to sell them off to larger companies such as Facebook. For instance, Kevin Systrom developed an app for photo sharing on location (which is described in the article) and sells it to Facebook for $1 Billion – not a bad return.
Be warned, the following article is graphic, heart wrenching and achingly similar to the atrocities being meted out on our people everyday, 31 years later. Do not proceed further if you cannot stomach the truth.
Other: markers, Modern Label Punch, nestibility circle die
Best regards, individual
So while Divorce Online is holding competitions so people can get divorced free, the government is pushing people to stay married…
Youngest home from school at the moment with a high temp and feeling rather poorly!
I still feel as if something is gnawing at me, not letting me feel fully at peace. I have a sense of foreboding, as if something is going to happen. I listen to these intuitive feelings because they have proven to be true in the past. I realize that it's foolish to project so I turn my thoughts to fixing dinner together, reading a book, commenting on blogs, walking on the beach.
No I don’t
tourism/hydro electric
From April 16 through April 24 I was in Iceland on what would be best described as a solo woman’s retreat. I’d been dying to get out of New York for a year, just go some place quiet with a whole lot less people and a whole lot more nature. I needed to be reminded that there are things bigger than me, than my dreams and failings, than New York itself. I actually didn’t see Iceland as an option at first. I kind of saw it as an amazing place I could only go to in ten years or something. But when I actually looked, I saw it was more accessible than I allowed myself to believe (oh, the power of not making assumptions).
In case the scapular needs to be washed in the future, I've placed the medals inside a very small, plastic click-lock bag. Next time I will place one of the medals on one side of the scapular, and the other with the St Anthony's Brief, rather than having the two medals together. The medals have been blessed, with the St Benedict's medal receiving the special blessing it needs.
They did have a minor hit with the 1986 song “What about Love?” which hit #26 on the Billboard Charts.
Ibizarre has some new releases and a great coat for Lazy Sunday….ready for some cute and stylish offers from Ibizarre?
Made in a smoke free home.
I also realized why I post three days a week the other 48 weeks of the year. It was exhausting and mentally draining, even scheduling the posts ahead of time.
He went, and within weeks he was back to being potty trained. We were thrilled, we had a party we got treats, we did dances. And now, for months, he's back to pooping in his pants again.
Appearance: A deep golden bronze colored brew is carbonated by some hefty sized bubbles that nevertheless manage to build a fine sandy, almost orange, rocky head that shows a fine set of Belgian lace.
Luscious Jackson
2 truck
The image below is from a card that I made for a sweet little boy that loves monsters and Halloween. It shows the variations in what I did with the cut pieces, to get the One of a Kind idea going. I am also going to be doing some of these in kits for my sons class for a Halloween craft, I will just add a Popsicle stick to attach to It's backside......(giggling). Click on the caption under the picture of the Monster for your SVG link.
If I had all the magic in the world, I would control time instead of it controlling me.
In the following video an elderly PASOK member throws a yoghurt pack at the future leader!
This resource provides information and networking opportunities to help adults with ADD. The site is also intended for professionals who serve those with ADD. It contains factual information, advocacy, lists of various kinds of resources and support, event calendars, webinars, and webcasts.
And they may be safer than a human being.
Clothbound - September 19
Qualifications
And so it seems that Brooklyn didn’t do wrong altogether by Winston when he came to visit. He may have visited the right house after all.
There are arguments for and against OC, but my argument for it is simple:
so the random winner is:
I had forgotten about the extra chairs that she used to shove under the flower tables until they were needed. They were Avocado Green. I had forgotten the stool between the tables..you had to make the most of your space for plants and that Croton looks like it thrived there. Above the Croton on the stool is a mirror and above the mirror was a thermometer and possibly one of those old strips that turned colors in the humidity. I am not sure how well they worked..I recall the strips turning blue and staying that color.
And let your arrow go
“I’m a typical after-1980s girl who is the only child in the family and got more love from parents. I was born in a beautiful coastal city in Shandong province. My father is a civil engineer and my mother is an accountant. Both of them are gentle, kind-hearted, considerate, hard-working, smart and with lots more virtues. Thanks to them, I learn what love is and how to undertake my responsibility. Yet under their protection, I may not be as independent as many of my contemporaries. But I am trying.”
I'm not quite sure what's going to happen next. Obviously my son's education is important, but his mental health comes first. Getting him out of the front door is the first challenge (and I think that getting a dog may be the answer), after which I hope that my son will rediscover his curiosity about the world around him.
This data then suggests that the intelligence and success of US Blacks could only have progressed with some assistance and influence from another race with a higher-IQ, -- which explains why there are many Blacks born, bred, and educated in the USA, that have the exact same qualities, ethics and values than the average ‘cultured’ Whiteman.
The mother of the boy who was asked the question has made it clear that she was not behind this vile witch hunt, and has stated that "I don't want people going round saying I called that little boy racist. This is extremely distressing for me and my family." This makes it clear that the initiative for this incident came from within the school.
Suddenly the city was more vibrant than ever. It was as if I’d been viewing our city through a standard definition lens, and then seeing it in HD, as life (and TV) should be experienced. The food, the sights, the sounds, and the smells all rang with such conviction that I was convinced I was literally high on love. And then it happened. I loved, and then I lost.
AT THE TOP OF THE MOUNTAIN, AT THE BOTTOM OF THE SEA
this beauty that I see
This blog has become almost my weight watchers meeting with myself, MPD style. I know it can help with others but I personally cannot stand exercising with friends, or dieting with them. I never feel like I can go at my own pace. Since I have been well, I have been to the gym every other day and have started to Zumba on the days I don’t gym and every morning I do sit ups. I am keeping to my exercise routine, hopefully as well as my diet. Through calorie counting I have discovered how much fat are in simple things and have been so shocked! I have recently been using flora cuisine for cooking rather than olive oil, to find it still has 10g of fat per tbls! It’s absolutely shocking. However I am keeping everything in moderation, and only snacking ever on fruit. I still have not broken my trend of no chocolate, chips, and cheese. Cheese has definitely been the hardest, I absolutely love cheese. However having not had it, I haven’t actually missed it that much and it makes such a difference in calorific value of sandwiches. Even chocolate I haven’t missed that much, which I think is mainly do to my thinking towards food now. Before I saw junk food as good, something tasty and fulfilling now when I am on the cross trainer watching some stick eating a bar of galaxy, I don’t want the chocolate I would rather have her body. Such a small thing but it makes such a difference.
Notice that Jesus did not say, “I knew you at one time, and now you have fallen away.” Rather, He said, “I never knew you.”
And the letter also pointed out that within days of the departure of the British PM, new provisions had been raced through parliament to make it easier than ever for officials to rig the elections unmonitored and unhindered.
My student said, along the way, “I’m trying not to play E-natural!”
A breathtaking, romantic, and dangerous second volume in the Fire and Thorns trilogy.
More silence. Eventually, they agreed with me, probably to shut me up and get the discussion going again.
They stopped for a few minutes and she went to the grave sides of her family. Jenny placed a kiss on the top of each cold gray grave stone and pulled a few blades of grass that had grown too long, from in front of their names and the one stone meant for herself someday. The one on the empty grave that said “The Good Girl” across the front of it.
264 ***1. “The Fate of the Jews in Greece and Italy During the Second World War.” Greek Star, Chicago, Illinois, January-February, 1995. (Source: Item D-X/7(C)/1994. Incorporated in Item B-8, above, pp. 49-58 (1997) and in Item B-11, above, pp. 71-80 (1999). ) See, Item C-1997(8), below, pp. 481-88.
◦Bake for 15 minutes on the middle rack.
In that car, I felt a kind of propulsion from within telling me I needed to tell it all to my friend Stephanie. But I thought maybe I was being selfish, dominating the conversation. No, they declared. They wanted to hear all I had to say.
After driving that harrowing 25 miles to Dunsmuir, CA the night before, it was beautiful the day I left for Portland. It was cold but the sun was shining, and Mt. Shasta had a fresh blanket of snow.
Send a detailed description of your wedding location and design ideas. If you have any photos or a website/blog, make sure you include that, as well. The more you provide, the better. Also, send a few photos of you and your fiance! If you are still narrowing down your location choices - send in your finalists with more details on your plans. Don't forget your names, date of wedding, and your contact information.
I had some... some kind of RASH or something. I was covered in nickel and quarter sized welts. They were thick, raised, and bright red.
she said anything would be better than where we had been...
Grappling with a string of negatives like coal shortages and environment hurdles, private power producers might default on loans up to Rs 1.35 lakh crore, says a report.
In fact, you were a bit of a toad
29.HAPPY GO LICKY "Twist and Shout"
Dry red chilly-2
Georgians are also well-known for their friendliness and hospitality and I personally experienced this during my 2 visits. But closely watching over Tbilisi on one edge of the Narikala is the ‘Mother of Georgia’, a colossal statue of a lady holding a sword on one hand and a bowl of wine on the other. The wine symbolizes Georgia’s hospitality towards those who come as friends while the sword symbolizes the country’s readiness to quell those who come as enemies.
Bottoms Up, Pledgers.
Spring Mix lettuce
Oh, but I have writers group at lunch!… Well, in english class then, we never do anything in that class anyways!
Preheat the oven to 300 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper.
John Gray is a hard man to disagree with. One of Britain's top political philosophers, his creed is best defined as Scepticism and most of us would do well to share this position, particularly in relation to the utopian creeds most conservatives face today, particularly socialism and liberalism.
Go ahead and try it out in the comment section, and use the preview button to see if you got it right.
Anyway, after discussing with the understudy, the chances of original bits ever turning up, I agreed it would be best to get a new motor put on and to buy a new pedal. This would cost £60 inclusive of parts, labour and fetching it back to me. In my view, if Mr Fix-It wants to continue to look for genuine Husqvarna parts, that job could be done later, but in the meantime a repair was a good option.
Bag - Waxed canvas messenger from Brooklyn Industries. Plenty of room for business cards, camera, smart phone and schwag picked up along the way.
Some of these tricks I picked up while working for Susie Coelho back in my early days of photo styling, as shown above. And many of them I have learned through trial and error. But there's always more to learn. So feel free to share your favorite tree decorating tricks here and hopefully we can all come away with a few extra styling skills.
Today, the Internet is essentially three things: Google, Facebook, and a zillion little rats and mice. An unprecedented amount of information and power is being concentrated in the hands of a few entities and their allies. I can't help but notice that in the world of marketing the big keep getting bigger and small keep getting vaporized. Does this sound to you like the consumer is in charge?
In what will be comforting news for those of you worried that the warm winter in the United States reflects anthropogenic global warming (and discomforting news for those of you who worry that we are all just complacently burning fuel to our doom), the area of the planet covered by sea ice is again over the mean for the satellite era, defined as 1979-2008:
3. Here is the my favorite, and I want to begin to incorporate more into my own business life. Virtual meetings. The ability to see and touch each other is not 100% but its pretty close. With the gas prices the way they are, this alone can save you hundreds of dollars a month. I haven’t done a lot of it, and internet speed can vary how well it works.
This is definitely a Friday only dress and here is me attempting that office wear minefield, the boardroom to bar outfit (albeit, kind of backwards).
Ed Bishop who starred in this actually lived in the village next to me when I was a kid and his daughter went to my school. You used to see him driving around town in his Hillman Imp. I said hello to him a couple of times in the Co-Op and the Post Office, but always went bright red so as I got older I just worshipped him from a distance.
Hemlock is an interesting take on the werewolf. Everyone knows about werewolves and what causes them. Some people think that they can control that bloodlust and some believe they should be put into internment camps. I liked how the author dealt with the world facing a new minority group, one that most people feared. It seemed realistic and something that would happen in our world if Lupine syndrome existed.
· Is there a “best fit” team for Luke in the NFL? If not, what is an ideal situation?
Hi Readers! I have a piece running on ParentDish titled, “GPSing Your Kid is Crazy.” It argues that, far from really giving parents “peace of mind, “GPSing does the opposite. It reinforces the idea that our kids are in danger every second they are not in our line of sight. It makes us distrust our community, which means we hold our kids even tighter.
Yom Kippur is an annual purification ritual performed by the Israelites to cleanse the Tabernacle of ritual impurity, thus returning it to a state of holiness, and ensuring the continued presence of God with the people, and maintaining the covenantal relationship.
Category: Science / Earth Science
Sam: After. I wanted them to smell good! Like my weiner juice.
My oldest granddaughter Alexis "Lex" is turning 22 years old tomorrow. OMGosh........where do the years go? I remember when she was born..........what a beautiful baby she was. And she's still beautiful! She loves the Steampunk style and purple and black is her FAVorite color combo so it came together nicely on this card. This is my first time using a Saturated Canary image. She's called "Gothica" and is a creation of the talented Krista Smith.
Couch
And makes confession aloud, and beats his breast,
Hickory Chair is my go-to furniture source. They have some of the best upholstery pieces around and their case goods are to die for! I love them because almost everything is customizable, to the length of a sofa to the finish on a table, all the way to the hardware I want to add to a chest. They also have some pretty big names creating furniture collections for them...Thomas O'Brien, Mariette Himes-Gomez, and Suzanne Kasler to name a few.
In addition to the many feral (run-wild) domestic dogs of relatively recent origin and varied appearance present throughout New Guinea, there may still exist in the more lofty reaches of its eastern highlands a very primitive canine form of much greater antiquity and well-defined morphology – the New Guinea singing dog.
Prima: Mask: Swirls
It was very dark and I had to push the film to 1600 iso, but I’m happy with the results. The full length shots are a bit wonky and I tried to straighten them in photoshop, but then it looks like he’s not standing straight, so I rather have the inclined horizon and keep his dignity.
It is a game that is designed so that the U.S. government cannot win. As soon as they create more money by borrowing it, the U.S. government owes more than what was created because of interest. If you owe more money than was created you can never pay it back. That means perpetual debt for as long as the system exists.
At one year, his skeletal body no longer cared if his flesh peeled away. He roamed endlessly, despairingly, yet undyingly.
She was hoping that the couple would understand that something was amiss and call the police. However instead, Abri got out of the car and walked to the nearby hut of a Malawian priest, only named as Ernest.
In tones so wretched and foul? In this dynamic is the strength of Heavy Metal. It will take all that society taught us is useless and bad and ugly and with the sharpest edges it will chisel a monument to everlasting beauty. The vocal of Darren White here is sublime, the entity summoned, that 'Anathema', the voice of the disembodied, rotting head. Its mouth aghast and between the stinking humors and bile has grown a flower.
A baby quilt - I tried to make this unisex, but rather than go rainbow, I opted for an alternative colour scheme. I think I was thinking log cabin, but kept changing my mind and ended up with these quarter log cabin blocks...
In many ways this is the father of cooking lager. The daddy. Carling transformed British brewing, for a more detailed view see this. Though don’t pay £6 for a copy, I got mine in the Mencap shop for 50p. No longer Carling Black Label, Carling can regularly be found in the bargain bin at supermarkets with a price of around 40p a can. An unmissable opportunity to taste an iconic British cooking lager that is tin after tin of lagery delight. A 4% dishwater, a bit more chemical tasting than other cooking lagers, with a distinctly unnatural foam and head retention. Barley and wheat, 1.8 units a can. All British Barley appealing to the tattooed and patriotic Eng ger land faithful. Complete Flavour and Refreshment it says, though thankfully only the latter is true. Serve ice cold. Goes down a treat.
And there I present you with yet another excuse on why I am not yet sharing about our California trip.
In all our dealings with all stakeholders, we will uphold the highest possible standards of ethical behavior. Our interactions will be characterized by an attitude of openness, candor and honesty.
It is very humbling to sit for hours on end and leave before the end of a milonga because you are too pissy to dance with anyone.
Hello Poland! Jestem tu :-) *okay teraz nieprawada! But I was when I started writing this post....
You get to take up to five different photos of your face and upload them into a gallery or use photos from Facebook or the computer and then share it with your friends on Facebook.
If we write only for Kindle, we should consider those books to be more like magazine articles. Ephemeral, delivered for obsolescent technologies, ghosts of books. That's not inappropriate for many books, but some writers think they are writing for eternity (or at least for future generations). And as someone who has used a lot of popular culture for research, and found the copyright libraries lacking even in printed material, it will be a significant loss to future social historians. They'll have this year's vampire novels in 2211, but will they have whatever the craze is in twenty years' time?
(If you're a big Rickmaniac, I highly recommend watching this; it's a surprise and a pleasure to hear Alan speaking with a Northern English accent. If you're not a fan of Alan Rickman, then this movie might not interest you. But I still recommend giving it a go.)
The great thing is now I have this border for use whenever I want--all I have to do is click print!
My name is Chanyeol. My real name is Park Chanyeol.
‘If you’re on the fence about a particular deal, then you probably should decline and move on to the next opportunity.’
Publishers do not like their hand being forced, and this has been happening here. We could have gone on with the wholesale model of distribution and retail for years, ignoring the advent, development and accessibility of e-books for another five years, but sooner or later, we would have had to acknowledge that the wholesale model is just another set of terms set between publishers and their wholesalers and retailers. Once there was the mere mention of agency model, wholesalers and distributors knew they were going to be dealing in an industry hosting two different models.
Everyone loves the circus, don't they?
Are you missing something?
Hollande is already on record as revealing he "does not like the rich" and has declared that "my real enemy is the world of finance". He favors an EU-wide 'financial transaction tax' on every wire transfer, deposit, securities purchase or withdrawal, raising the top tax rates to 75% and lowering France's already liberal retirement age from 62 to 60. I'm certain he and President Obama will get along well.
(her stats at her 2 month(Jan 27) appt were...12.19lbs(83%)head was 15.38(59%) and she was 22.74in long(66%)!!
My dad traveled constantly while I was growing up for his job, all over the world, sometimes for weeks at a time. He was a journalist and photographer, who would cover events to do with the arts. When he was on these trips our whole family (my mother and the five of us) would have slumber parties in the den, and watch Davy Crockett and eat pumpkin pie.
The leak should mean nothing -
His arguing portrait on my wall.’
Read the examples in the link, and then add your own in the comments. Here are some of my off-the-cuff responses:
Not cool!
Later we happened to find ourselves standing alone for a moment and he said to me,
- Leather coats with team names or popular television characters embroidered on them.
Overall, it's the settings for each box and the way they're linked together that create the final sound. The more boxes there are, and the more settings they have, the more complicated and interesting the sounds you can make with them. (this includes dropping other vst FX over your synth).
Well, seemingly a risk assessment has now been conducted which has given the all clear; additionally South West Trains claims that there was a "misunderstanding".
“It was during this time that I got to know a few waitresses and sex workers. I would say that the character of Salina was a combination of these women I met.”
I’m not sure most of us think about what we do online as “living life.” But it is. And I think it is important that we think about it that way. Why? Because it is much easier to excuse our behavior or to not even really think about our behavior if it isn’t “real life.” We can just tell ourselves – hey, that was just online.
So, how much more is going to come in than is going out, and is it a reasonable return on the effort of expanding into a whole new market?
“America produced a political system that is burdened and slowed down by a game of opposing powers,” said Navorro-Valls, who noted that this was intentional on the part of the Founding Fathers who had “fears of kings and tyrants.”
Body: Chenille (sparkle optional)
with that training backdrop, i had a 5 hour time goal in mind. the course is one large - hilly - loop, starting and finishing in carmel, new york. it traces the historical route sybil ludington rode on horseback to warn the colonialist that "the british were coming." except for the first mile, mile markers were spaced at 5 mile increments (with splits for the half marathon and marathon distances noted). i had a 22 ounce handheld with me for hydration (and a couple of gus).
11And you will have joy in every good thing which the Lord your God has given to you and to your family; and the Levite, and the man from a strange land who is with you, will take part in your joy.
water my lashes
There are a very bases I have not explained, because I can’t yet. Need to think more. But this is an interesting topic for further thought and contemplation.
Someday I’d like to sleep ’til noon,
Recipe adapted from Lekshmi Nair's cookery show
Do you have a favorite travel quote? Please share responses by leaving a comment or sending email (CharlesMcCool -at- gmail -dot- com).
The jewel-toned silk sank into his memory as she strode past, deepest ruby trailing on the wind behind her, shifting in dimension, thick with shadow, catching light. Flashes of heel as the fabric rose and fell, distracted him from the strangeness of traveling on five inch slivers, igniting regard for the art of having mastered it. He followed her, drink in hand.
I first started with looking for a bunny shape- you can hand draw or use a non-copyrighted silhouette .
Sometimes I just post album covers because the LP is worth looking for. This is another example. Mancini was still grooving in 1973 when he scored this soundtrack. This album features that good and cheesy 70s movie/TV soundtrack vibe I know and love. But Mancini takes that period audio groove and arranges with a depth and variation that other composers can't touch. Great stuff.
and how honored by all men
Overall the best book in this series, absolutely stellar. If you liked the first few books in this series you'll love this one. Tons of action, building tension between the shifters and vamps, and lots of Ethan-Merit moments. This was a super engaging and fun read. Highly recommended to fans of urban fantasy. Reminds a bit of the Night Huntress series; so if you like that series I think you will love this one as well.
Share with your friends, and don't forget to check out all the new items I listed and follow us at Facebook.
For two cold hours they stand waiting in the snow for Tsar Nicholas to appear and receive their petition. A shot rings out, and they stamp their feet. Another, and they laugh that it must be blanks. A third, and suddenly women and children slump lifeless int eh snow. Still they assure themselves that this must be a mistake, for the Tsar would not shoot down unarmed civilians. But now the gendarmes are galloping in the crowd, and the slaughter has begun. The shooting continues all day long. The dead are counted in the hundreds, the wounded in the thousands, their blood spilt on the Schlusselberg Highway, the Troitsky Bridge and the Nevsky Gates. But the police cart away the bodies so quickly that it is impossible to know the full toll.
Just stop by any of the following spots and come back letting us know what you discovered there. You can enter up to three times. Please feel free to make one of those entries a post on your blog letting us know that you did. Please be sure to leave an email address so that I can contact you. Only those who include a way to contact you will be included in the drawing. I'm sorry for any inconvenience.
The difficulty in accepting that everything, from Heller’s Syndrome to dyslexia, is caused by biological factors is that the families of children presenting with certain disorders do often seem to have certain characteristics. Of course, this does not mean that the families have caused the problem in the first place. Children who are very poor readers often have parents who are semi-literate. Is this environment or heredity? Hard to say. Perhaps the parents have a genetic tendency to dyslexia and it is this which makes them poor readers. They might simply have passed this genetic disorder on to their child. On the other hand, perhaps not having good role models for reading has had a bad effect on the growing child and not taught him the value of literacy.
& ran
Joseph Smith had his first vision at fourteen. My goodness that was young! There was something about hearing a story from the perspective of a fourteen-year-old child that made it extra hard to question. Maybe it was the belief that most kids this age are innocent. Maybe it was because we can remember our own childhoods and recall how tender our feelings were then, how optimistic and impressionable we were, how trusting we were of friends
Pet Shop Boys Lets make lot’s of money UK
38 Barbara Ann
Lucy began to pull on her dark hair and bouncing her crossed leg. “I’ve never ridden the metro before,” Lucy said again. The train slowed slightly; the dark man in the shadows shifted in his seat, but did not stand. The baby whimpered.
I am prepared, to keep my eyes open, to ask myself difficult questions, and rise from the ashes a better person and a better friend.
Our trip to the Smoky Mountains was FAB! Absolutely the best family vacation I think we've ever had. I'll share a few pics from our adventure soon. I've finally started the beach vacation mini-albums and I can't wait to share those on here!
20. Instrumental
However, the court did not directly order Greece to stop the blockade, as Macedonia had requested.
797 **D-V/18/1980. “Goethe’s Faust: The Architecture of Numbers.” Basic Program Weekend Conference, The University of Chicago, Alpine Valley Resort, East Troy, Wisconsin. (Incorporated in Item C-2000 (12), above, pp. 310-31.)
9. These ads frighten children - I think Jim Beam will be the judge of what does and doesn’t scare children, thank you all the same.
Analysis Part
1tsp. Old Bay
With how terrible our national news media are, it should be no surprise that so many people are so terribly informed on so many issues in this country, if they even care or pay attention at all.
all hidden now in an abyss
Apparently, Abrams studied many a Spielberg movie as he put paper to pen and concocted a story about kids with family problems coping with even-bigger problems that seem to involve the military and cold-eyed martinets who want to get to the bottom of things. Oh yeah, we have one of these in Super 8 too, in the form of Nelec (Noah Emmerich), who may not be telling anybody - including the viewer - everything he knows.
As a kid, I’d start doodling at the back of my notebook if my teacher was boring. I also had a sketchbook where I kept some of my drawings. When I draw people, I purposely draw them deformed and ugly because I can’t draw, and when I integrate the deformed drawings with interesting designs, it actually looks good to me. Then again, I’m not an artist. There have been four people who have ever seen my doodles, and they said they liked it. Two were when I was a kid, and they were my friends. Two were when I was in college, and one was my friend, and the other was a random classmate.
Run like hell 8'16
High Fantasy represents an ongoing markets for those readers who were dazzled by J.R.R. Tolkien’ LOTR and want to red more stories like it. High Fantasy seeks to deliver what Tolkien delivered: richly developed worlds peopled by believable characters, with an overall atmosphere of magic and wonder. Such worlds are a refugee from the drab, technocratic world of everyday life. They are places where traditional values hold sway, but both men and women can be equally heroic; and where nature is an ally and friend, to be wooed with magic rather pillaged with machinery.
Several other words relate to singing unto the Lord. Another means to commend the Lord.
¼ cup raw turbinado sugar
Ah, but I can hear some of you saying: “See there, atheism is just another form of religion,” to which I would say, “Define religion.” If you mean a faith-based worldview, atheism is not a religion. I would even suspect that, to most atheists, atheism isn’t even a means to end (as is most religions), but simply one result of a worldview that values evidence and rationality. In saying this, I don’t mean that religious people value ignorance and irrationality, but that they hold faith as a superior means of knowledge, at least in matters of religion. My challenge to them is: “But how do you know that faith is superior?” If they say, “Because I have faith that faith is superior,” they’re into an infinite regress.
Just popping back in again (I can’t seem to stay away can I!). I’ve been studying hard for my civics test :-) Wondering if you guys could pray for me this Friday morning (at 8:20am!). I have all the paperwork labeled in a (massive) folder and ready to go :-)
And there you have it....a recreated scenario from every opening Citadel game....
Now onto our challenge for this fortnight which is "I love you Mom" in honour of all those Mothers celebrating Mothers Day in the USA. We can't wait to see all your fantastic projects. We are lucky to have 3 sponsors this fortnight.
The writing was already on the wall, of course, the ban on smoking in all public places was due to come into effect the following July, with the devastating effect it has had on British pubs, and, to a lesser degree restaurants. However, it was already becoming difficult and uncomfortable to smoke even in places where it was still legal. You could be sure that the instant filter tip hit lip gloss someone would have raised the subject of passive smoking, the sad demise of Roy Castle or the alleged tooth rotting properties of nicotine.
One unexpected issue that happened to me was that I became sick with the flu bug and I fell off my Monthly Meal Plan and from blogging. I have spent several days sleeping it off, basically. After my flu bug subsided, I developed pleurisy and that was AWFUL! I had to go to the ER and get a CT Scan because I had no idea what was giving me so much pain. I am happy to report that I am definitely feeling much better!
Also as the cherry on top, G. Love & Special Sauce is coming to St Pete on Friday night. His concerts are always epic, and with our crew of about 12 people, it's gonna be ridiculous how much fun we'll have.
Later saw the Water Mill’s prototype, its really nice. After seeing the water mill, mind started doing the engineering calculations….juss kidding folks :)
Roast chicken with garlic and rosemary potatoes and carrots,
Of course, every girl’s first love is her daddy. I do love my father. He’s the toughest man I know full of so much wisdom and (secretly pent up) love. Tough on the outside, gooey in the middle, only he probably would never admit that. The love and respect I have for my daddy is immeasurable. I’m the youngest so I’ve always craved his affection and approval. I may not listen to his every piece of advice but he’s the smartest man I know.
Keep a sharp eye for the opening to this canal. The rooftop in that picture belongs to an industrial company. There is a long stretch of track that run next to that company and along the canal. Next time I will check where it leads to. I have seen people fishing here. There are reports of wild dogs around this area. I did see one on the road yesterday. Animals can smell fear. Act brave and non-threatening and they will leave you alone.
An Ceann Comhairle: ￼ ￼ Could we get back to the Bill?
McDiarmid MA, Curbow B. Risk communication and surveillance approaches for workplace reproductive hazards. Int J Occup Med Txo 1992; 1: 63-74.
S
It's just I'm going through hell.
The old whippet held up a paw and smiled at Moon.
They also said that if Bhansali did not abide by the decision within 15 days, the matter would be referred to the FWICE. As Bhansali did not do the needful, the FWA referred the matter to the FWICE for appropriate and necessary action. A Rediff story on this dispute is available over here.
As we dreamt around the fire, wrapped up tightly in our thoughts, the snowflakes were gathered up from their wet melted state by the bushels and boatloads, the hampers and crates. For weeks and a day Mother Nature turned them over in her celadon hands, commissioning the angels to wash them clean, to flute their edges like bridal gown silk. Now thusly refashioned, all over town, the white snows of winter have reappeared on the pear trees, copious, fluffy and clean, the passementerie of angels, the first sign of Spring.
a kind of bird, a feathered thing --
Maybe she needed to rethink her way of helping others. She’d been drawn more and more to unconventional methods, but the fallout lately had been severe.
The person we find it very difficult to have sympathy for is Zuma. Yes, the Youth League has unleashed its A-bomb, claiming that everything Malema “does, everything he says, he’s representing the league”, which pits them directly against Zuma. But, hell, he's the one who let this happen. On his watch. There are loads of things he could have done to silence the loose cannon before, but he just encouraged Malema. It was advantageous for Zuma when Malema was shouting “I’d kill for Zuma” before last year’s elections, curdling Cope supporters' blood. Zuma should have rebuked him publicly back then, because that was where the chaos started.
I’m watching this movie trailer before the start of this dumb comedy that I didn’t even get to see all the way through because of a power outage, and I find myself crying. There’s nothing quite like sitting alone in a movie theater and crying at a fucking preview.
We are contemplating at least leaving True Blue Bay and heading around the south of Grenada, past Prickly Bay to Hog Island. It promises less rolling waves, swimmable water and a little beach bar on the island to scoot over to, by dinghy of course.
My parents have been coming to St George for at least 20 years. It started as a little reunion between 8 couples that had all lived in California at one time but had moved away over the years. Now the children are coming with their families. How it works is the guys all go golfing while the girls stay back at the hotel swimming and shopping at the nearby outlets.
When you really care
- 200 gr. of ham
This is how the first Christians came to know the Gospel as well. The revelatory acts of Jesus Christ were communicated orally for approximately 25 years before God inspired the first canonical account to be written. The early Christians did not preach to sinners (particularly Gentiles) that they ought to believe in Jesus based on some written document, yet alone based on the fact that some written document was without error. They preached that people ought to believe in Jesus because they experienced Him alive from the dead. People came to faith in Jesus based on the oral testimony of the early church that God acted decisively in history by raising Jesus from the dead to provide atonement and be the judge of the living and the dead.
-Attachment issues
a pickup truck and a sandwich or two?
This is a bloody boring video. Looking back at it, I seem to be dragging the words out one at a time, forcing myself to say something about a beer that I appear not to be enjoying. This is not the case. I think I might have been a little tired after a couple of days in Ceske Budejovice, so apologies to you if you sat through the video, and special apologies to Stuart Howe at Sharp's for my lacklustre review of his beer. I'll try to pep the prose up a bit.
I think this is where one has to modify the concept for their own needs and what they feel comfortable with doing.
You said to me not so long ago that “you didn't cheat on mum.”
What does it mean, regarding traffic, to experience a “significant adverse impact” at an intersection? Delays greater than 80 seconds per vehicle. Smith offers a simple way to think about it: count how long cars typically wait before their drivers start honking.
silent moments, one teacher came up and then two and within minutes every
Through the 1970s, and especially after mid-1975, the party was also shaken by factional struggles. There were even armed attempts to topple Pol Pot. The resultant purges reached a crest in 1977 and 1978 when thousands, including some important KCP leaders, were executed.
This is a never ending battle, so when I cam across this article on iVillage I couldn't help but skim through and try to take pointers as to how I can get hubs to pitch in without making him feel belittled as I often seem to do. (First step to change is admitting and if it's one thing I like to pride myself on the fact that I don't bullshit, not even myself!)
These two rings are from Forever21, I really liked the gold and rusty gold tones, and the overall designs. Forever 21 jewelry is rather inexpensive so I didn’t feel too bad getting them. I absolutely LOOOVE these rings, can’t wait to wear them!!
Did you ever stop to think how lucky you are? You might, but your students may not. Here's a fun freebie for St. Patrick's Day or Dr. Seuss's birthday, March 2nd.
I also ended up buying a four pack of Founder's Double Trouble, a delicious double IPA which I will discuss in a future post and a bottle of Dogfish Head Worldwide Stout. The owner of St. James Beverage, Martin, is a very nice guy and I enjoyed talking to him and trading stories of beers we've tried and ones we have in our personal supplies. I underestimated the amount of variety and rare beers that St. James would have. I'll never make that mistake again and I'll definitely be checking out the store again.
I've now seen two episodes and really enjoyed them both, even though they are getting a bit self-referential with all the "cheekbones" stuff and the endless harping on about Holmes and Watson aren't in a gay relationship.
Animals featured largely in our pre-history. The cave paintings from Lascaux in France show a large bull and it overlaps with images of horses dating back 17,000 years ago.
Regarding other online supposed support or encouragement, this last week I ventured over to a post from Twitter and got sucked into discussions. In the end the same old crap happened which made me realize I was wasting my time.
I wanted to take a few minutes and tell you a few things about this blog, a review if you will. First things first this blog is run by a gentleman by the name of M.D. Creekmore. As I understand it he is a prolific author having published several books on preparedness and self sufficiency. I have not yet had the opportunity to read his books, but judging by his blogging I would guess that they are very informative and well written.
This beautiful month of November always calls for a time of reflection. In the middle of my November reflections, it struck me that I entirely forgot my blog’s all-important 1 year anniversary. Hopefully this 13th month celebration will suffice!
in another day, i will stop saying what i believe in.
I say "we" literally of course as I did go to school.
One setback today was falling foul to the hazard of not reading labels. Fruit juice is a delicious alternative to booze, but by drinking a full carton of blueberry juice today, I have managed to down 460 calories – and 110g of sugar. On closer inspection, it does say blueberry juice drink on the carton. I’ll have to pay more attention next time.
It's a recipe for cheeseburger soup. Your mouth is drooling already right?!!
This is all nonsense I am contemplating in order to ignore the incredibly large dark cloud of gloom that has been hanging over me since Saturday night.
Until recently this movies was unavailable to purchase or rent on DVD. But it has since been released on DVD, so if you are looking to feel good and remember what its like to have a family member get under your skin than may we highly recommend Coupe De Ville.
There was a man.
Nearly every position within the church is filled by volunteers; not even the bishop is paid for his service. And nearly every member of the congregation is given responsibility for some aspect of the running of the church, from cleaning the building to teaching classes to leading music. In addition, members care for one another through Home Teaching and Visiting Teaching programs, wherein adult members are paired together and given responsibility to ensure the well-being of several other families through monthly visits and other service. Most young men and many young women serve (at their own expense) as full-time missionaries for one and a half to two years to teach those who want to learn about Christ. Members are encouraged to serve within their communities, and they are often active members of local charitable organizations. And all auxiliaries of the church, from the children's organization up, plan and carry out their own service projects within the community.
I am happily adding my voice to the noble blogathon begun by Farran Nehmes (The Self-Styled Siren) and Marilyn Ferdinand (Ferdy on Films) as a spotlight and fundraiser for the National Film Preservation Foundation. A non-profit organization created by the U.S. Congress, the NFPF raises money, awards grants, and organizes cooperative projects that enable archives, libraries, museums, historical societies, and universities to work together to save American films. The types of motion pictures most at-risk are documentaries, silent-era films, avant-garde works, ethnic films, newsreels, home movies, and independent works. These are not Hollywood sound features belonging to the film studios, but 'orphans' that fall outside the scope of commercial preservation programs and exist as one-of-a-kind copies in archives, libraries, museums, and historical societies.
One special point I would impress upon the girl who desires, (as all girls do) to range themselves well, to make a good marriage--is to be gentle. The craze for vivacity, for the free and easy style that border so closely on the manners of the demi monde that distinguished the society of ten years ago has providentially died a natural death. Now-a-days, men are sensible enough to look for comfort in their married lives. And surely the knowledge that one's future wife has a heart as tender as it is sympathetic should, and does, go far to arrange a man's decision of who shall be the partner of his daily life.
JUSTIN: One of my very favorite scenes in IRENE IN TIME is the conversion in the restaurant between Tanna Frederick and the girl with her dad. Hasn't she been in some of your other films?
NO BULL REACTION: Natasha’s great aunt Yu-i lived an extraordinary life that continuously pulled her between Chinese tradition and Western influence. Her feet were bound for only a few days before her family relented. Her arranged marriage to a promising scholar ended in divorce. Though an obedient daughter and wife, she went on to run a women’s bank in China. The most striking feature of her story, however, is her careful attention to reasons, motivations and emotional reactions. Natasha and her aunt pay close attention to cause and effect — the how and why of their family’s history — which makes this memoir quite filling/fulfilling for its size.
While it’s to be expected that eventually older phones will no longer have support for the latest OS, Apple’s support for older phones is generally better than Android’s. Take for instance, iOS 5, its latest OS. It includes full support for the iPhone 3GS, a nearly three-year-old phone as of this writing. Because of that, roughly 75% of iPhone 3GS-4S users were running iOS 5 6 months after its release.
Luckily, I do have my baby girl so I can just concentrate on her having a good time and try to block out all the negative feelings of judgment and not fitting in. Speaking of her and getting my mind out of the awkward place we DID go garage sailing in Derby as they had city-wide garage sales and we manged to find some great stuff for about 5 bucks total.
In other news, it's looking as though the epic "Road Dust and Wanderlust" trip will be a two parter, with the larger leg of the trip postponed until I gain a little more mobility - which means not only weight loss, but adjusting to a new, permanent, ankle brace. The first leg of the trip - Virginia, North Carolina, South Carolina, Georgia, Florida to the Keys and back again - is still on, and I'm beside myself with anticipation! Details soon on the Road Trip blog (as soon as I find time to post that is, hehe)...
Who knows what grace in others you might inspire someday?
Glad this weekend is blue skies and hot
I adapted the recipe to adjust the sweetness to my liking and adding chocolate chips to it. This recipe has become favorite in my baking repertoire and it is the most baked cake in my kitchen, not to mention very easy to make, it will take me 30 minutes probably from start to finish (and I mean, cake out of the oven). Everyone from little to old loves this and this is also the first and possibly the only cake I think of whenever I see over-ripe bananas. It is easy to make but the reward is great, even my non-baking brother asked for the recipe. Once, a good friend of mine asked for a dozen of this for her birthday present, it was that special. It is more special for me because it has some nostalgic value I think. I baked a lot of different banana cakes in the past but I always go back to this one, and I've been sharing the recipe with friends. I can't believe I haven't shared with you guys.
In order to determine which parcel is which you have to go over the field notes on the deeds which basically say start at one agreed upon point and then say turn south 97 degrees go 85 feet turn east 56 degrees go 79 feet etc, etc, etc, The only way to find the points is to take a metal detector and look for the scrap that is usually buried as a marker. According to the mapping guy rusty rifle barrels were once a popular marker that would be hammered into the ground by the surveying crew. Why survey crews had piles of rusty rifle barrels laying around I will never know.
For the record, it's #108 from that issue, and I have been itching to get my hands on it since I saw it online three months ago (that's how long it takes for the issues to arrive in New Zealand). It's a size 76, which is the tall size 38. Normally I would probably have to do the petite alteration to bring the bodice length back to regular, but this dress has a raised waistline anyway so I figured that if I didn't do anything it'd be fine. There was a risk of the front being too low (always a risk with Burda anyway!) but I intend to layer it most of the time anyway, and if I wear it without anything under it I will just pin it closed.
I started Chapter 3 in the Book of Mark. Jesus selects the twelve disciples in Mark 3: 13-18. The next page shows some interesting facts about the twelve disciples. Two of the facts include each disciple’s Outstanding Traits and Key Lesson from that disciple’s life.
Flaps up... What gate did you say it was? I forgot already...
And only one bug was snorted in the process. Solid win. 7 miles on a Tuesday. A freakin’ Tuesday! Maybe that’s what I need to start doing more often to make Tuesday seem less sad and pathetic?
I show my daughter where I used to play box ball or bench ball or where the old sandbox and sprinklers used to be.
It was definitely a good time, and makes me sad that I am going to miss out on the next big meet up next weekend! Looking forward to meeting up again soon, ladies!
The CDT’s involvement with Maxwell Render began with students experimenting with it in their own time. They were attracted to its ease of use, realism and cross-platform nature. In industry, product designers may not be expected to be able to use a render engine as accurate as Maxwell Render. However, as a student, having an outstanding CAD render can make a huge impression on lecturers, external companies and potential employers, particularly as time and finance constraints can limit the production of quality physical prototypes.
review for our Holiday Gift Guide on Luscious Deals.
Up the steps to the harbour wall fish scales trail.
Here's a song I've been listening to ad nauseum. During these times of house uncertainty, it's cheered me immensely. It's just about the most charming little thing I've heard.
So what the hell is happening in there? And, if it’s not food related, why is it so important? Some might postulate that the Quakers are an elusive society that silently pluck the strings of government corruption and corporate greed to their advantage. By inviting important figures of power and industry, they are able to discreetly govern the globe to their own advantage. Of course, we all know that’s utter bollocks, otherwise why would they engineer a massive global recession? That is, unless the financial collapse is a result of a conflict between the Quakers and a rival secret society of shape changing replicons from the centre of the Sun. That, and JFK organised 9/11 for some reason that’s complicated to explain right now.
Tango won't finish without tourism, it won't be spoiled by tourism, but tango, to flourish, needs tourism (please, if you are going to refute this sentence do it with arguments, not just the same old line "you're a tourist, what do you know about it"). I was speaking with someone that works in tourism for the last 30 years and was told that salóns like Canning had little over 15 people when the economic recession and swine flu attacked together.
KT: Is this the first time you have participated in an anthology anchored around a specific theme? In particular, was this the first time you partook in an anthology themed around representations of women?
3) A female character who gets her way too easily
he said, "what are you talking about, i was replying"
I've got buckeyes, chewy ginger cookies, cocoa almond pinwheels, lemon pecan shortbread, cheese crackers, and brown sugar cookies on the counter, along with the remains of a pan of malted chocolate brownies that I made Steve to keep him out of the other cookies earlier this week. There's a baked ham and the makings of a big vat of white chili in the fridge for Sunday. I'll be baking a birthday cake tomorrow morning for my father-in-law's birthday, but I have no idea what we're having for breakfast beyond another big pot of coffee. After today's cookie extravaganza and tonight's dinner, I really shouldn't think of eating anything but plain oatmeal with skim milk tomorrow.
Worked side by side with his momma to reupholster a chair. (picture doesn't seem to want to load, see here for picture.)
So strange day. Also feel that I need some more time – more quality of time. Had a whimsy to join a private club and damn the elitism. Just got an urge. But I don’t know anyone personally at The Groucho Club, so that dream squealed away like a lost balloon. Still, I do like their rules. If there have to be rules, they should be eccentric and witty. Words and the cleverness of language again – like music it’s all in the arrangement:
@WesleyCloete: The #Santam ad has been viewed more than 62 000 times since 12pm yesterday. value of YouTube views = R55 million bit.ly/I5NBRQ
Wet glistens grass and the colors they wax
Even though it is nothing of the sort.
Geek Husband: (Reddish and Profusely sweating and stammering) ehhhh…errr… really …2.0?
Jah Lion -Soldier And Police War
And he, jolly and stoic, said "I love you too, hon."
Linbury Studio Theatre
It is sad that some fishermen have had to sell off their boats just to survive as they could not work within the restrictive system. In some cases, this has put an end to generations of fishermen. Though concerns for the sustainability of fish are clearly warranted, we also need to consider the needs and sustainability of our local fishermen and industry. If we save the fish, but lose all the fishermen, then that is not really a sustainable situation. Yet despite all of the discussions on sustainability at the seafood show, there was very little about preserving the livelihood of fishermen.
9. Any Colour You Like (3:25)
Gregory: do you think Romney has no principles?
17For God hath put in their hearts to fulfil his will, and to agree, and give their kingdom unto the beast, until the words of God shall be fulfilled.
After dinner I was enjoying a cup of coffee, when a man about 28 or 30 years of age drew up, and introduced himself as Milton C. Long, son of Judge Charles M. Long, of Springfield, Massachusetts. He was travelling alone. We talked together for an hour or so. Afterwards I put on an overcoat and took a few turns around the deck.
Okay, here's my project:
Two days ago, on February 24, my sixteen-year-old son Brendan and I attended a fundraising event in memory of Jordan called “Jordan’s Slide for SUDEP.” Having experienced our own tragic loss so recently, he and I felt strongly that we should support the cause. The event was organized by Jordan’s family and friends, spearheaded by her grieving parents Dave and Deb Fawcett. It was a massive success, generating over $20,000 in support of SUDEP Aware, a Canadian non-profit organization that promotes knowledge, understanding and awareness of SUDEP, and provides support for those affected by it.
Then we shall see who’s weak.
And he says, Emma? That’s a lovely name.
Anwar, a former deputy prime minister who was acquitted on charges of sodomy in January, denied inciting the protesters, saying the government was trying to deflect the blame for not fully addressing demands for electoral reforms.
Okay sweets!
Sam kindly modeled it on his huge head for me.
___________________________________________________
Please come and visit me at my full blog location:
The dinner menu has a stronger Mediterranean leaning, a natural influence from Simon's own cultural heritage - his father is Spanish and his mother is half-Lebanese. These are the dishes he grew up with, he says. The food is simple and speaks for itself.
I've been spending a lot of time on the computer lately. Probably too much. But part of what I've been doing is researching... I want to know what I want to do! The thing that appeals to me most is an herbalist, or natural healer of some sort. I don't want to be a naturopath, because all that really is, is a doctor without prescription meds, and that's not what I want. I envision a much more earthy approach, if that makes sense. I want to apprentice, not go to university for four years. The thought of spending years in a classroom makes me shudder. I've also been looking into midwifery, but again, that needs four years of university. What ever happened to apprenticeships?!? I'm feeling slightly discouraged. I think I might know what I want to do with my life, or at least I know that I want to try and do certain things with my life, I just don't know how to go about doing them. ARRGH!
Ian F : With the upcoming Geek Fest Film known as The Avengers coming in little over 2 weeks to North America (rest of the world gets it sooner, curse them . .) How are you preparing to come down from the AWESOME HIGH that will be experiencing that movie? or are you prepared at all?
The Korean asked around, and discovered some volunteer opportunities. For most North Korean defectors, one of the most difficult parts of adjusting to the South Korean society is South Korea's pervasive use of English. Not only are English words liberally used in everyday conversation, English skill is essential to obtain a well-paying job in an export-oriented economy like South Korea. Most North Korean defectors have a difficult time adjusting to this, and require continuous tutoring in English to be fully functional as they live in South Korea.
So now I know where I will be going on August 8, and returning from December 14. I know that I’ll have 4 months plus a week of actually being in-country, a lucky lengthening compared to most JF placements, which will give me additional time in the later stages of relationship development to actually work with people.
26438 Crenshaw Blvd. (at Palos Verdes Drive North)
What are you looking forward to today? Try to think of something … just one thing, and hold onto that thought for the day.
Satsumas and oranges are to Louisiana what zucchini is to Utah. I remember one time in Utah our Bishop stood up and at the pulpit in Sacrament Meeting and said "Whoever is dropping of zucchini at other people's houses and leaving them, please stop." I laughed for a solid 30 minutes. I love zucchini and always run out.
but i promised to give you that chance.
And I'm going All. By. My. Self.
Johnson Brothers muffin dish
Or on the master bathroom.
that is featured in the pile of books in my previous
We've been dealing with a little bit of a problem at the apartment the past few days. Last Thursday night we had a huge rain and thunder storm which cut out the power to half of our apartment. At first we thought it was just some glitch with our circuit breaker, but it turned that water had actually made it in through a leak in the roof and corroded a wire that connected the first 5 apartments in our building. Yikes!
studio recording/Prankster production tape circa late 1965
This monthly publication contains useful information for older adults, adults who have a disability, and their loved ones.
“How you resemble my long lost son,” she said, the gentleness in her voice tinged with an overwhelming sadness. “Come, sit with me.”
How come without squeaking noice
05 - Half The Fun
Someone once told me that I write like I speak and I went to great lengths to correct this, though now I believe the smegger that told me this knew jack about writing! Writing like you speak may sometimes be bad for narrative but can be quite effective for dialogue. My biggest obstacles to writing effective dialogue are remembering to turn off the English teacher inside my head and ignoring the spell checker in Writer. The following examples I’m going to use to illustrate my points are from a novel I am working on. I’m nervous sharing my own work but I need to start facing that fear.
Deus ex machina: literally meaning "God in the machine," where an outside force appears at the final moments of a story to solve a seemingly unsolvable problem.
walking the spine I thought far too high.
that you love what you are.
Ah, the good old days of Ancient Rome, where a a reckless traveler manages to turn himself into an ass – literally, a donkey – and survive to tell the unbelievable tale to his traveling companions.
She puts in her prescriptions, and leaves, and it's our turn. But there's no one behind the counter. Another Army doctor/nurse guy comes, and looks like he's gonna do the same thing, so while we're waiting, Andrea tells him about the other guy, and was like "Yeah, he TOTALLY cut in front of us, and if that's help, I don't NEED help". The guy got the hint and waited patiently behind us - ROFL!
Following the fantastic performance by the sprint Queens, Dani King, Laura Trott and Joanna Rowsell then beat Canada in a record 3:18.148 in the team pursuit final.
“Within the United States, any talk of intractable problems like poverty could be dismissed as a denial of America’s greatness. Any complaints of economic violence could be derided as the ‘whining’ of self-selected victims,” writes Ehrenreich. “The effort of positive ‘thought control,’ which is always presented as such a life preserver, has become a potentially dead weight–obscuring judgment and shielding us from vital information.”
But leaving Drizzt (a non-typical Drow to say the least) out of the comparison, this was where most of the similarity stopped.
For the Stoics, one should always live as if one would be dead the next moment. Only living this way can one avoid the distorting influence of the fear of death which could make us act poorly, which will only perpetuate the cycle of poor action, distortion, suffering, and lack of sync with the world. We become liberated from death when we imagine it as potentially coming at any moment. And in this, we will lead not only a more virtuous life, but as our preoccupations with future and past fall away, a happier life, for we will accept what we cannot change as inevitable, but we will be secure in the knowledge that we did the best we could. And this security in our own continued commitment to virtue will give us a happiness that nothing can take away. And since it is maximally in sync with Nature, it will be the maximally happy we can be.
That being said, Cpt. Delta is a wonderful man and a cherished friend, and I had completely forgotten this incident until Holmes reminded me of it. I’m hoping Cpt. Delta forgot about it, too, and that he’s not reading this post. (*waves and smiles*)
She then asked me if I had seen this TV show that she was watching & it looked like the same show that I had watched in the other dream fragments or dreams, probably, and I told her that I think so; and my cousin DE walked in the house, and he greeted us.
1-800-843-5678
love and other absurd things
“Not only is this research going to be helpful to BP and CSR,” said Curran, “but it will be a valuable tool for all of those involved with land reclamation associated with oil and gas extraction in the Rocky Mountain region.”
I do think it’s true, however, that there’s a generation of teams around now who would rather French kiss a rabid dog than produce anything that could be considered populist or have mainstream appeal. You’ll never get them to admit it but, for many creatives, making ads that show they are a right old clever clogs is much more important to them than doing stuff that connects with people.
That unified patent court: the case against bifurcation. If you have been thinking that everything has gone quiet and that no-one cares about the proposed unified patent litigation system and the bifurcation of dispute resolution -- hearing infringement issues in one court and validity in another -- think again. Here's a paper by Nokia's head of litigation Richard Vary which seeks to demonstrate that bifurcation is not just bad for the Brits, it's bad for all European industry. This paper, delivered last week to the UK's Intellectual Property Office, can be read here. Among other things it contains reference to the famous Angora cat which readers of this weblog will recall encountering here and here.
Game 1 is actually already in the books. And I say that because Harrison is not gonna allow ten runs. Which is one more than what the Rangers have already scored through two innings. Yes, they are up 9-0 in the second inning. Josh Hamilton went deep AGAIN, so he’s now got 6 on the season.
Thanks to @emahlee for the link to the "save our journalists" campaign from Grist - journalists as endangered species who need organic tea - here's the video.
Fifteen years later in 2002, when the Australian Government commissioned a report into the effects of plastic bags, its authors misquoted the Newfoundland study, mistakenly attributing the deaths to “plastic bags”.
Here I am to give it another shot.
Now let's do this quickly and quietly, hopefully he isn't a bleeder, we may be able to salvage that bed, it looks nice.
The Court finds this argument persuasive. While Apple undoubtedly uses the patent and produces goods in the same market, Apple has neither alleged, nor established, that the ‘381 patent is either necessary to, or a core functionality of, the products that it seeks to enjoin. Nor has Apple shown that consumers’ purchasing decisions are based on the existence of a snap back feature protected by the ‘381 patent. Accordingly, the fact that the ‘381 patent is but one patent utilized in the accused products, and does not appear to be either necessary for the product to function, or a core technology of the product, weighs against a finding of irreparable harm.
Jumping back into my program, I had a 3 mile run today. It ended up being a 3 mile run, walk, run. I hit a wall when I put the treadmill on 5.0 MPH…WHAT! I haven’t hit a slump like that since week ONE!! Part of it, I’m sure, is from days off, but I’m sure 75% of the trouble came from not being well hydrated. Silly me.
Go Horse Racing
I don’t have more questions
I am so happy it's Friday. We have so much holiday mischief planned at the Casa C, it's enough to make the Grinch smile. Tonight we are going to the Arboretum where they light the whole place up. It's beautiful and magical and there are carolers and bonfires and hot drinks....It's the best way to kick off the season all bundled up in the cold.
Those symptoms are however only the tip of the iceberg. Aspartame has been linked to severe illnesses and long term health issues.
You, too, after having served cheerfully but unacknowledged for three years as a lowly secretary at a Bay Area university, “run away” by applying to three schools outside of California for a place in their MFA programs.
While Until I Die starts slowly and proceeds to meander leisurely through some heartfelt moments between Kate and Vincent, it concludes in a blaze of painful glory, reminding us just how much we really do care for the characters, and shattering our sense of complacency with several well-aimed punches to the gut. The next book promises to give us that extra depth missing a touch from this second installment, our emotions sure to be in constant flux as everyone struggles to deal with a situation with which they’re all intimately familiar, though in this case familiarity fails to prepare them for the pain.
US 103m, Colour
Conversation #2 (about 2 hours later)
Ladies Day!
2 Tbsp. soy sauce
As for my mum, I couldn’t hurt her like that. Every time I mention that the clinic was crap, she starts apologising and saying how she’s a terrible mother. I had a few fights with her over this back then – I hate emotional blackmail, even when it’s unintentional – and even then I couldn’t really tell her what I thought of her and my dad and their ‘help’. It was useless. It was a waste of time and if they cared about me rather than about themselves they would have listened – I believed then and still believe that if you’re old enough to pay adult prices at the cinema, you’re old enough to do what you want with your body. You don’t catch twenty-stone teens being threatened with spending the rest of their lives in a mental hospital even after they’ve lost the weight.
1/4 cup chopped parsley
Okay karen, that's enough ideas.
Williams and Jackson certainly do. Both men were included in a photo lineup in the 1983 case because they had been implicated in a separate sexual assault.
I usually put some sort of illustration on my postings. Illustrations are there to illuminate but Glady's qualities are illumination enough and now I am glad that you have met her.
I know it was a mixed blessing to be able to do that. I needed to not delay my drive any more since I would be home very late as it was, but I also felt like I really needed to cry.
“RK Motors Charlotte is a great match for our Fun Ford Weekend participants and spectators,” says Jeff Lacina, Marketing Director for the Fun Ford Weekend Series. “Top to bottom, this is a company full of enthusiasts that understands not only the performance car market and owner, but also one that actively participates in a wide range of motorsports and internationally known collector car events. It’s a pleasure to have them join the Fun Ford Weekend Series.”
stamps - herb st patrick's day (stamp fairy), by the numbers (my favorite things)
I had some very good discussions with my friend this weekend, and have been wanting to update the blog here. But for some reason, I’ve been avoiding it. I’ve thought of everything I can think of to avoid writing this, but I know I have to.
Malt
“Gainst blue sky,
But now, I realize what's truly responsible is a progressive and debilitating disease.
Rosemary Ellen Guiley The Encyclopedia of Witches and Witchcraft (2008) Facts on File
Another point that NtH was trying to make is that the game is really fast.
One of the key things to understand about Mickel Therapy (MT), is it is a system. Results come from understanding how the system works, applying, and committing to it.
Learned how to make authentic Navajo fry bread on the reservation
Romans 3:23 says “For all have sinned and fallen short of the glory of God”, but there is hope. Jesus said it best in John 3:16 “For God so loves the world that he gave his only begotten son, that whosoever believeth in him shall have eternal life.”
Thanks for checking in!
Look UP and feel the warming sun!
Aloe vera is a naturally occurring plant grown in Latin America, South Africa and throughout the Caribbean. According to the University of Maryland, aloe vera has been utilized for medicinal purposes for thousands of years. While its uses to treat certain conditions have been around for a millennium, it was in the 18th century that it gained popularity within the public for its medicinal qualities.
As well as providing everything you would expect of a 5 star establishment, there are also several original W touches throughout the hotel. Rather than the traditional breakfast buffet, guests have an individual self-service breakfast bar on their own table. In addition to the standard mini bar, there is also a "Munchie Box" (the W lexicon strikes again) in each room - a tray full of fun goodies for guests to sample or indeed take home as last-minute gifts. The hotel's clued-in concierge (or W Insider), Cécile Rummler, is also on hand to share her insider-knowledge on the capital, and the W's service motto of "Whatever/Wherever" aims to satisfy all desires - with the sole proviso that it's legal, of course.
For the last week, I have been searching for a butternut squash soup recipe. I wanted something tasty, simple and simple. I saw all kinds that were very intriguing. Adding curry, different spices, etc. Then this morning I woke up and told the Trout that I wanted butternut squash soup for dinner.
Today I’ve let “it” take over. That punitive force that works so hard to bring me down. I became numb and empty, I didn’t try to stop it. I didn’t want to fight it. Some days are just like that I guess. I let others opinions, stress, circumstances, whatever it may be… take the lead and drain me.
Just briefly, I would like to speak directly to this topic, to see if I can help to move you a little closer to believing—a little closer to the life that that faith will bring to you. I don’t have the length of a book chapter, or even a series of lectures—but I hope just a few minutes can help. How can you come to believe that Christ is truly risen? I recommend to you five steps.
Too bad the Children of Israel didn't get struck by lightning and doused with weird chemicals. Then God wouldn't had to do that Parting of the Red Sea, they could have just ran across.
The pocket thing: let's face it, jingling some beads in your pocket is just as satisfying a sound as jangling some solid gold coins for making you feel like a wealthy pirate.
Horseshoe crab beetles generally live near ant nests. This 25-million-year-old fossil proves that these insects were never subjected to evolution. There is no difference between this beetle from millions of years ago and those living today.
After having their ego’s bruised, the FA distanced themselves from a patriotic appointment and went for someone with a proven track record.
Last night my eye began to hurt a bit, so I took out my contacts and decided to give my eyes a break for the night. As I took my contact out the weirdest thing happened. My eye hurt worse. Usually it’s a relief. But I figured it would still go away with a good night’s rest. When I woke up instead of feeling better I felt worse.
Nothing less than perfection.
What? You don't know what kind of enema to get at the store? Don't despair - you can make your own with water, "mild toilet soap" (um, whatever that is), and an eye dropper. What a fun craft project! Dr. Spock goes into great detail in this section, but I'll spare you the play-by-play since (if your kid catches wind that you're planning any of this) he's most likely going to run away and join the circus before you can get anywhere near him - problem solved! Suffice it to say, if you do have to administer a homemade enema, you're going to want to throw everything away afterward - the eye dropper, your hands, the room you did it in - I mean Every. Thing. Including your child, possibly. After all, you're never going to be able to look him in the eye again anyway.
Ya gotta make this! I actually liked it better without the toppings- so I skipped the yogurt, peanuts, and the cilantro(yuck!) lol
Today, like every day recently, Elliot has consumed my heart and mind. I do not want to say too much as I want the majority of this post to be the journal entry from her dad below.
Was back to home for a few days before mothers day. And the next time I go home probably is end of July or August as there’s no public holidays in this 2 months :(
On Tuesday, an inquest got under way to ascertain if there was enough evidence to charge Mdluli, and three other suspects, for the 13-year-old murder.
Or it's my party and I'll smile if I want to.
9) Retweets & Shares - When people really love your content, they share it with their own networks. Is your content being shared socially throughout the web? Track it through retweets and shares.
Not sure if this model could be applied to the United States, but with US craft beer making a bigger appearance in certain markets outside the country, it could be the kind of back-scratching arrangement smaller brewers need; competing on a local as well as a global scale. So maybe a little absorption of the economic punch now could be just what they need to keep their footing and get their second wind. But for many breweries, this could still spell a K-O in the near future.
It is extremely depressing, disheartening, lose-your-faith-in-humanity-izing, to keep being presented with the most vile crimes on earth as if that’s what life is all about. As if that’s just what you can expect if you’re bringing up a kid these days.
Downstairs the bar area is heaving with people but the first floor dining room is much more sedate, a collection of dark timber tables and bentwood chairs, illuminated romantically by candles. The quirky decor is a mix of lampshades, garden gnomes and jam jars for water glasses. Although there are two huge striking images of an Asian man running on the wall, we're more distracted by the full view into the open kitchen, a small and compact space run with impressive efficiency.
Officials are still referring to the extra features as the Skycouch but the phrase Cuddle Class is catching on – making the New York Times “new words of year” list. TVNZ Link + Video
I thought I’d never go back to that store. But Baddie never learns her lesson. Next time I did, I bought some artichokes.”Are you cooking them yourself?” I stare at him, in a state of incomprehension. Why else would I buy them? Do I look like I can afford a cook? or is it the type of thing you casually bring to friends when you visit, in lieu of flowers? “Err, yeah” I look at him, insecurely. “The heart is the best part” comes the sage advice. Ahhh… now I’ve had it. I will definitely definitely not take the chance of having any more strage conversations with this guy.
We've lost two more members of the family, furry ones this time, right on top of Dad's anniversary, so we're having a roller coaster ride at the moment.
If that wasn’t incentive enough, I have been in contact with Florian Stitz; who has kindly donated some prints to the event. For those that don’t know his work, he has done many pieces for Privateer Press over the years; as well as several other gaming companies (Paizo, AEG, Catalyst Game Labs and more). Certainly with his WM/H pieces, there is an energy about them that makes them appealing. So a big thank you to Florian, for his donation.
I understand that there are issues with copyright laws and the income of the people involved in movies and the like that don’t make the millions of dollars per movie that Tom Cruise does, but it seems like a lot of the time people coming against internet piracy really strongly seem to ignore the other side and proclaim it ‘stealing’.
And that was my lovely, lazy, sunny afternoon - my last afteroon in Arizona (for now). And bonus: a couple hours into sunbathing, I took a half hour break to get some of the best Mexican food I've had in a long time for lunch. Tacos, horchata, rice, beans, sunshine....
Which is why they converted the entire 3 car garage to a playroom. Complete with soft flooring, a tv, air hockey table, slide, toys, and
That’s what the People of Life do. They protect the living, and they bury the dead. They are not ashamed or afraid to honor in public those who are dishonored in secret by the hidden violence of abortion. By gathering in large numbers to bury aborted children, and by letting as many people as possible know about it, they make up in some small way for the callous disregard in which these children are held by many in our society.
As we walked home this Halloween I asked the girls if they wanted to go to more houses along the way. They said they didn't, pointing out that they can wear costumes, eat candy and walk around in the dark any day. The only thing different on Halloween is that they go knock on doors, and they had done enough of that to satisfy their needs for this year.
My day started off as normal, Cam Man was excited to see me and we toodled off down the road to the Farmer’s. Although, today we did stop to do a little learning. I wish I had my camera with me, because we stopped at the side of the road and Cam-Man had his first encounter with a cow. Yes, folks, I stopped and got Cam-Man out of the car because some of the cows were up against the fence, along with a calf. We walked up to them and the Momma cow was eyeballing us.
I was so preoccupied with enjoying it all, that I didn't take any photos of the feast. I did however make it a point to document my brother's pie making!
Happy moments from yesterday:
Therefore let him who thinks he stands take heed that he does not fall.
Cuttlebug
Yet when I looked, I thought I'd been neglecting the blog this year, came very close, a couple of times to ditching it.
Word of the day: gralloch: the art (and it is an art) of disembowelling the carcass on the hill. Oddly, it's more fascinating than gruesome.
This story can’t be completely told, by the way, without mentioning the National Vaccine Injury Compensation Program, an elaborate scheme set up by the U.S. government to insulate pharmaceutical companies from lawsuits that should have been filed by all the parents of children damaged by vaccines. Think about this: Vaccines are so dangerous that the U.S. government had to set up an extra-constitutional court system just to make sure the American people can’t seek justice against Big Pharma!
Last month I was on a trip to Italy, and happened upon a bar called Rum Central while walking through the city of Parma. I was headed elsewhere at a goodly clip, but was abruptly sucked through the door by some inexplicable form of liquid magnetism, whereby the dozens of rum bottles on display pulled me inward, a phenomenon I believe related to my uncommonly iron-rich blood.
Connor believes that if he sticks to his high standards, he will be successful. Not just in the amount of beer sold, but also the number of awards won: “We’re going to be gunning for the (Indiana State Fair Brewer’s Cup) beer competition this year.”
In all the confusion of trying to straighten out the car, using my knees against the steering wheel, my cellphone got knocked away from my ear, and it, in turn fell into the coffee between my legs, splashed and burned Big Jim and the Twins, ruined the damn phone, soaked my trousers, and disconnected an important call.
User-generated content (UGC) is more about creating a “playing field” for the visitors rather than creating material for them to consume. UGC has been called conversational media. Use the following tools to create a two-way dialogue.
Repeat with another layer of quinoa, sauce and zucchini.
The other one was me just telling the truth. It’s Pop, Not Soda, Stupid. Some people don’t get “tongue in cheek.” One reader was very offended that I thought Soda people were stupid. Well, they are.
2. Breaking of the first No Contact only 2 weeks after we agreed to start rebuilding our marriage. Apparently things were getting too awkward at work. Well things were awkward because of that shameless woman. Her personal life clearly was affecting the work environment and my husband, fearing of losing his job, had to do everything he could to minimize the fallout. He then proceeded to tell me that they needed to be ‘cordial’ at work. Fine. I had no choice but to deal with it.
Tower Hamlets Council confirmed it had asked the police to investigate 10 cases of voter fraud in its area, but it revealed that 3,123 late applications have been received for postal votes and it has had too little time to properly check whether they are all genuine before the register closed.
Head and Body - Feather Duster looking part of the Blossom Petal Builder (BPB), for head insert small end into 1/2 inch circle to shorten and round for his forehead.
Christians are commanded in scripture to not only know why they believe what they believe, but to defend the faith with gentleness and respect.The main verse promoting apologetics (the defense of the Christian faith) is 1 Peter 3:15, We are all commanded to be ready and equipped to proclaim the gospel and defend our faith (Matthew 28:18-20; 1 Peter 3:15).
1 chain...and continue on with you 3 trebles(dc) as normal...
Venice
Well, America (and the world), you’ve been scammed by the financial institutions and governments for the last 30 years. 2008 was the first spasm of recognition but was short-circuited by…. you guessed it…. even more scams. Rather than demand truth and an end to the games the American consumer lapped up the frauds and schemes of the politicians on both sides of the aisle who conspired with the financiers to rip you off once again.
Here is the sketch.
I've punched flowers using a Fiskars Oopsie Daisy punch, Marvy Uchida medium daisy, Punch Bunch small and mini sun to form my coordinating Gerber Daisies. QuicKutz oak leaves surround my handmade flowers. Here's a closer view of one of my Gerber Daisies . . .
While someone else is eating or opening a window or just walking dully along;
Yes, I do. Basically, you need just enough information to give a sense of time and place without ever getting in the way of the pacing and the story. It’s a fine balance, but it’s important.
But my point here in remembering Joiner here is not his greatness but his timing -- even though he never has a season where he led the league in receptions, yards or receiving touchdowns (and never really came all that close), made only one All-Pro team and was often, even in his best years, the second or third best receiver on his own team (behind Kellen Winslow, Wes Chandler or John Jefferson), he was inducted in the Hall of Fame in 1996, in part because of his amazing consistency and durability (he played 18 years), and in part -- I would say -- because he held the record for most receptions and receiving yards when he retired.
James and I had a good morning going over colors in his books (his latest interest), creating a crayon masterpiece on a card for Daddy and generally waiting for Daddy to wake up. Once he did, they had a little time to play together before I whisked James off to Target to give Daddy the next best thing to sleeping in: a little time alone in our place. (Which, as an aside, he spent cleaning the kitchen, not even relaxing.)
Why it is
The family discuss the future of Swamplandia, with "the Chief" wanting to make improvements, and, Kiwi wanting to sell it and move to the mainland.
Which is no other but Sleek's pout paint in Pin up.
Instead of taking her seriously, the St. Mary’s staff had Ms. Brown arrested for trespassing. The officer rolled her out of the hospital, cuffed in a wheelchair, after a doctor working that evening stated she was healthy enough to be locked up.
I have been trained to exhibit a certain type of “rigour”in my work. This includes eschewal of pleasure, sentiment, authorial marks, “the hand”, claims to direct experience, technical and material facility and onwards. This is essentially the legacy of conceptual art as it has played out in many Canadian art institutions. Although my work over the past ten years has resisted this training on certain levels, the ambivalence remains.
Henry Talbot / Milk / 31
One British officer wrote to a friend in England, “On crossing the East River from New York you land in Brooklyn, which is a scattered village consisting of a few houses. At this place is an excellent tavern, where parties are made to go and eat fish, the landlord of which has saved an immense fortune this war.”
(Diana wanted four things:
“I guess it was meant to be flattering. I guess it was meant to portray me as tough. But even if you’re tough enough to start your day with a meal of deadly poisonous insects, it’s not something you particularly want to do. You don’t seek it out. You do it because there’s no other honorable option” – p. 11 (NY.’s “Evening Numbers,” 10/24).
David, the nurse, and eventually the doctor kept telling me how great of a job I was doing and it helped but I kept wondering, "When is this little guy going to make an appearance?"
**Feel free to look at previous studies linked above to get an idea of how this Hymn and Scripture Challenge will work.
You sit still and quiet, watching the workers filing out of the building for the day. Your eyes dart to the clock. 5:29pm. In one minute you will get up out of your chair again, time for another patrol of the carpark.
Rather than taking the path the dissent urges, courts could avoid the swamp of verbiage that is § 101 by exercising their inherent power to control the processes of litigation, and insist that litigants initially address patent invalidity issues in terms of the conditions of patentability defenses as the statute provides, specifically §§ 102, 103, and 112. If that were done in the typical patent case, litigation over the question of validity of the patent would be concluded under these provisions, and it would be unnecessary to enter the murky morass that is § 101 jurisprudence. This would make patent litigation more efficient, conserve judicial resources, and bring a degree of certainty to the interests of both patentees and their competitors in the marketplace.
Read the list again, pass it on again and again. Change your perspective on life and take the time to read this book. I’m going to and I highly recommend every woman do the same. Make the most out of your life!
and i started to freak out. i couldn't hear anything as i clutched my chest and kept saying, "my baby. my baby. my baby." i couldn't get to her. i was frozen with fear as the tent lifted higher, until the legs were practically parallel with the ground. i wanted to run to my husband and my daughter, but i was afraid that if i left, something would happen. i don't know what i feared. maybe that i would get picked up like dorothy, or get hit by some chair flying through the air. my friends teenage son kept trying to assure me that things were going to be ok. my step mom held me with one free arm, while she gripped the tent with the other. i heard bella crying, faintly behind me. and i started to sob. joel yelled, "justine, get in here!". as the wind died down a little, i ran into our tent. bella was sitting on the ground, in only her diaper, screaming. joel was trying his hardest to secure the tent, as it wrapped around them like a venus fly trap.
(I ship world-wide)
He’s calling out now as I put some distance between us. Every time, I get this. Others give him a wide berth, avoid his glance, ignore his begging. No bother. I never see anyone give him money. I always do. And this is what I get. A public performance.
I want nothing more than to be happy and to enjoy my life
Serve with thick slices of whole wheat bread to add to the Tu Bishvat experience.
The network was built around 2006 by the Gulf cartel, a narcotics-trafficking gang that employed a group of enforcers known as the Zetas, who had defected from Mexican army special forces. The Zetas split from the Gulf cartel in 2010 and have since become one of the nation’s most dominant drug cartels, with profitable sidelines in kidnapping, extortion and human trafficking.
How cool is that? It feels like, SURPRISE! YOU HAVE A QUILT! ;)
Legends of Norrath – I’ve never gotten into the game, so no draw there for me.
When Cee Lo Green committed artistic fraud last year and made a nice version of his song “Fuck You”, it went on to become quite a mainstream hit. It even appeared in the Muppets movie. This must’ve inspired at least one other group to do a similar act…
Do you ever get that "not so fresh" feeling?
He has a nice way with lyrics too, like the music they're not overly busy but well thought out, usually intimate, thoughtful and contemplative. Occasionally humorous too, as best demonstrated on “Snowship”.
Truth wins with a Little Jimmy, after Kofi Kingston nails Swagger with a punch. With Ziggler winning Monday night, and Truth winning tonight, we are all evened out.
Holland believes that the team will be fine without him next year and that the players who learned to step up this season will do so again in his absence. Both he and Pelage believe that the Tournament appearance will bring about more interest from the fans, especially after the way they performed on the national stage.
The judges were brought to their feet after Joshua sang “To Love Somebody” by The Bee Gees. J.Lo said he’s one of the best singers in 50 years, while Randy said Joshua is one of the best ever on the show. Steven agreed with his fellow judges.
(I'd already brought up the question of what image would have been used had the topic been about whites and their use of Twitter. If a bird image was chosen, it would have been the standard blue variations that are so common. I'd bet you hard money on it. So, okay, let's broaden it to another ethnic group: NE Asians. Hell, I lived in South Korea for eight years, I think that's a demographic that I can inquire about, right?)
1 health
at the girl who sauntered down the street
10′s – fitted shirts, skinny jeans, tailored clothing, suits return…more to come
1 box family size brownie mix
dimesionals, layers, and inky edges, OH MY!!
Watch for young children
In the midst of the chaos that is now my new normal, I struggle to think of what I want to "say". I haven't written on this blog in forever. It just seems that there is nothing left to say. Nothing that would be helpful anyway. I know people are walking the road of infant loss. I know so many are faced with the journey every single day. It breaks my heart. It angers me. I hate that these precious babes are taken away from their families. I cannot fathom what "good" comes of it. Then I think back. I think about the amazing women I have met, the amazing babies whose memories are carried on by each of these women ...and well, there is some good. I am so grateful for the women that entered my life to carry me when I needed it most. For, without them, I may not have recovered from the loss of my sweet Butterfly.
We are also looking to get an application in for the Springboard Program (which is due tomorrow)! Check it out if you are interested in some support and mentorship for your Sydney Fringe project!
At the rickety old age of twenty four today, his most bold and heroic feats are of course behind him. But he’s still worthy of a faint tribute from a former slave.
and literally hundreds more. It will be like walking inside a Spectrum book, but everybody's got a whole booth gallery full of art instead of just one or two pictures. It's going to be amazing! Of course Matt & I will be there with some of my best new paintings created just for the show, large format canvas prints, books, and other stuff as well.
It’s not a philosophy.
I am gonna start decorating today! Was gonna start
And he was staring at the rushing waters,
When I created this post, I was extremely disappointed with the show “Once Upon A Time”, but weeks later I find myself actually enjoying it! I took my peers’ comments into consideration and paid more attention to the characters in the show rather than my disappointment with how cheesy the story was, and it really changed my opinion! Posting about shows and receiving feedback from friends was a really great way to learn other people’s perspectives on each show and see TV from a different set of eyes. The blogs helped me appreciate varying opinions about television and even introduced me to shows I hadn’t intended on watching before.
For those who enjoys buying souvenirs such as necklaces, bracelets and, etc, Bogyoke Market is the definite place to be. Almost every souvenirs from around the country is sold there. But you have to be good at bargaining because some shop-keepers rack up the price a lot. Even to Burmese people. I was sold a Jade wind chime for 7000Ks (~$9) at a store and another store sells it for 5000Ks(~6.5). See? They tend to rip people off. So, I recommend that you bargain the price to 3/4 of the price they say. If they don’t let you, find another shop.
*Scouts was cancelled for Max today.
2 pounds ground beef (or ground turkey)
You know, "transformer" is actually Japanese for "product placement".
5. numerous: If you have numerous toys, you have many toys.
That, coupled with the fact that these businesses share the Harlequin name, may mislead writers into believing they can enhance their chances of being published by Harlequin by paying for these services. Offering these services violates long-standing MWA rules for inclusion on our Approved Publishers List.
You’ve probably eaten a lot of bread, pasta, rice and noodles in your life. Eating too much of anything can cause intolerances, and many people get bloated eating these popular grains. Try different grains instead: quinoa, amaranth, buckwheat are 3 alternatives you can access quite easily. Try sprouted bread instead of regular bread (you find this in the fridge in a health food store).
Pages: 578
Faithful and freeze-proof Dianthus ‘chinensis’. I mention the complete name because there are other Dianthus cultivars, and they don’t perform the same as ‘chinensis’. The tall ones will grow for a season if planted as a large plant and occasionally, they return for a second season, but I couldn’t get ‘Sweet William’ seeds to grow, and I’ve never seen 99-cent 4” plants for sale – only the $7 or $8 plants.
KUALA LUMPUR: Lesbian, Bisexual, Gay and Transgender (LBGT) lifestyles have been equated to social ills like prostitution and drug abuse by Deputy Minister in the Prime Minister’s Department Datuk Mashitah Ibrahim (pic).
But let’s just talk about the other implications of this legislation. It defines marriage as between one man and one woman. This potentially poses a problem for transgendered individuals depending on their legally recognized sex. But what’s worse is that proponents of Amendment One have couched their arguments in terms of family, such that the passage of Amendment One is a testament to the way that Americans (or at least Americans living in North Carolina) view family-~-based on a traditional, nuclear model with a man and a woman in the leading roles. This completely IGNORES the idea that not all families look the same, and that we should respect OTHER forms of families.
It’s a little depressing to look at how-to-use-your-new-shiny guides and see all this incredible data from people who have been running consistently for months or years and can produce graphs of their training over time and generally show off how amazing they are. I’ve got one puny run on Garmin Training Centre and it’s not even a very impressive one. I want to be able to open up the program and scroll through all these records of how amazing and hard-working and consistent I am. I don’t want big gaps from lazy weeks and proofs of how pathetic I am. I just want to be able to see myself working hard and improving and losing some weight.
18.Wind in the Willows (unknown)
2) Was there a meal or party or a gathering that stands out in your mind from this most recent holiday season?
Keep Smiling - it confuses everyone!!!!
The Sherim looked like an ordinary wooden door, standing upright without a frame on the wind-swept grass. To either side, the ground fell away, to the Federas valley on one side and towards Nursim on the other. Ahead, the brow climbed to the low top of Aruls beyond the Sherim. Not that you could walk a step past the Sherim in that direction.
How would YOU handle this? Would you bait the suspect so you can catch 'em red handed, therefore being justified in banning them from your home forever and ever, Amen? Or would you just assume that whoever it is must be pretty desperate and write it off as charity?
However, don’t just take my word for it. Seek medical guidance if you are unsure. If you don’t know where to get Valerian or Fenugreek try a health food store or better still, simply say the name in your head when you need relief. All healing energies are transmitted via the sound of the name and are just as effective said in the mind as aloud or as in physically taking them. Try it and see. Ask your angel guides or higher self to help relieve any pain. Most symptoms seem to last a couple of weeks, then clear up. Some symptoms may reoccur from time to time.
I have to also give a dishonorable mention to Southwest Airlines for their forcing a lesbian couple off the aircraft and proving to all of us there is a clear double standard for heterosexuals and those of us in the LGBT community.
Eating and sleeping are still great. Of the three, Matteo is my best eater. I'm enjoying it while it lasts because that toddler-picky phase will be here before I can say "just one bite, for god-frickin'-sake!!" While two naps a day are going very well, I am planning to switch him one nap by the start of school. I know that way early but it will make school drop off much easier. Not to mention I don't want to be stuck at home now that I'll finally have some time to get stuff done without the twins in tow. We'll see.
across a dozen companies, brokers began to demand that their client be placed
Emerald Pointe Gate Committee
Ladies, help! I’m going to a wedding in April that goes from day to evening so it could be both hot and cold but it is indoors so that shouldn’t matter too much. There will be dancing so I have to be able to move. Here’s the thing, I have no money and need to pull something amazing out (and hair ideas and makeup ideas). What can you do for me?
Sc dec – single crochet decrease
The Senate measure also creates a task force to study all tuition waivers at state universities. It still has to be approved by the full Senate and agreed to by the House.
In contrast, two days after radio show host Rush Limbaugh called community activist Sandra Fluke a slut, President Obama took time out of his busy day to make a personal phone call to her to "offer his support to her, he wanted to express his disappointment that she has been the subject of inappropriate personal attacks and to thank her for exercising her rights as a citizen to speak out on an issue of public policy."
you begin to see on the horizon, across this dark plain, a fence
@BronxZookeeper: Seriously, @BronxZoosCobra. I give you special entrance to the rodent exhibit and this is how you re-pay me? NOT COOL.
between the crosses, row on row,
The only concern I have with this is where to divide the line between what is a Dr. John album and what is half of a Black Keys album. I’m not at all trying to take away from Dr. John’s career and vast catalogue, but some of this just sounds like a track on one of the most recent Black Keys’ albums. The final track, “God’s Sure Good,” is exclusively centered around Auerbach’s guitar playing. Even the aforementioned “You Lie” feels like it is more Auerbach than Dr. John, with the intro sounding virtually the same as “Girl is On My Mind.” I’m not complaining. I’m as happy as anyone to have a new half of a Black Keys album. I just worry that they may be flirting with overexposure here; two albums in eighteen months, “Gold on the Ceiling” and “Howlin’ For You” being used in about nine out of every ten commercials last year, Carney popping up with Tennis, Auerbach popping up here. I’d hate to see them over-saturate themselves.
Gorgeous as Jiyeon is, I couldn’t say enough about how impossibly glamorous Hyomin is, which is why I seldom try to evoke what is so mysterious and confident and heroic about her bearing. One of the happiest things I could say about this video is that in some intangible way it recalls the ambience of mid-century novelists like Murdoch and Spark and their whimsical heroines. That the whole scene is so wet and crowded and too-busy lends just a touch of that same atmosphere of menace I associate with much of Murdoch (to say nothing of Spark!); there’s a chasm between the beauty of T-ara’s members versus their surroundings that’s less pronounced in my favorite episodes, where it’s as if their background is under the control of a director’s will, so that everything and everyone you see on screen is presented to fulfill the desired (albeit slyly verite-ish) pattern. Here, watching Qri walk past bystanders under an accomplice’s umbrella, some young dude’s cigarette mere seeming inches from her immortal head, I think to myself: these demigods are precariously close to getting treated like mere mortal tourists. I cringe to see Qri and Jiyeon standing anywhere near traffic! They are too fragile, precious, irreplaceable just to take the usual workaday-world steps that mere human wretches take. I want them safe and secluded, far from the madding crowds (to say nothing of scum like Eunjung’s thief).
a dawning sense of horror, alienation and fear; No safety net, no
CamBaller
Yet, when the New York office of the White Star Line was informed that Titanic was in trouble, White Star Line Vice President P.A.S. Franklin announced “We place absolute confidence in the Titanic. We believe the boat is unsinkable.” By the time Franklin spoke those words Titanic was at the bottom of the ocean. It would seem that the White Star Line President was also influenced by the ‘myth’.”
And so, I joined the ranks of rudeness. I treated someone with disrespect. I am ashamed and embarrassed by my behavior. My husband tells me that I should acknowledge the lesson learned and move on. But I am a brooder.
He was asked if, during the search, it was true that “3000 telephone numbers, 30 audio tapes and 100 PIN codes” had been unearthed.
INN: You mentioned that the industry appeared to be going upscale. When did that start?
Do you know how it feels to bury a baby you have fed and bathed and cuddled next to you? Do you know how it feels to someone who himself is just a kid? Can you even imagine the pain that slices through the very core of a boy who brought the baby home, made him a part of his own self, shared his energies, his love, joy, sorrow, everything with the little animal companion. I do. Been there done that and to see my boys go through it just left me numb. We tried to put up a brave front, said positive things to each other and in silence of our heart we scream in agony. We broke down , unable to bridge the distance between us and finally our brain shuts off. Sometimes we the live just because of the stumbling breaths we exchange. There is disquiet of quiet all around. Once the first deluge is over , there is a complete disconnect. One wants silence.. complete silence.
This is my very first attempt at seeding a show from cassette and as a future project, if someone with better equipment, and more experience would like to re-release this, please contact me. I'm just throwing this show out here for grabs as a filler in the tie being because I want to see what else surfaces. I wouldn't be surprised if we saw another poorly planned, corporate cut-throat, maneuver and see a better copy of this show magically appear from danlynch and his butt-buddys within the next few days after they find out that this low quality copy was released. Never fails.
that a man can’t identify
The ESDC will accept public comments on the plan--essentially changes in the financing of the project and a revised deal between Forest City Ratner and the Metropolitan Transportation Authority (MTA)--until August 31.
i have to turn my phone off and i’m on fire
So, ever seen a movie that left you thinking it was good, but something wasn’t quite right? Something you couldn’t put your finger on? That will be a fault in the storytelling. Loving storytelling means taking a massive interest in the mechanics of how stories work. How plots are created and flow. How character arcs move and change an audience’s opinions. How sub-plots carry the main story and add depth. A need to shape these and many other elements to impress an emotional state upon the reader or viewer. It’s a desire to be heard in an individual and creative way. This is the difference between story and storytelling. Being the consumer and being the creator.
If you're worried that you don't give your "soul", or your "whole self" or your "hundred percent" to a dance, whatever any of that is supposed to mean, and you feel a bit inadequate and as though you might be Not The Right Sort Of Person, or perhaps even Not The Right Nationality, and perhaps you should just give up and go home because you'll never ever be accepted here, or if you feel as though you're being asked to be less than yourself or to pretend to be something you're not, stop. I don't think it makes a lot of sense to create imaginary demons (still less borrow someone else's) and let them beat you up.
"Look," he said, his eyes all aglow. "A thousand dollar bill. "
But he's underweight. My heart broke into 40 zillion pieces. UNDERWEIGHT? *bites fist*
you're gonna wish these days
As time went by, I started to feel unconfortable with a lot of things. I very soon learned that the Bible teach that homosexuality is an “abomination”, it is a sin that leads to eternal condemnation and death, according to Christians and other dominations. And of course, I myself have had knowledge since I was 10 years old that I was gay, not a big thing, really, but I didn’t have a word for it until I came in contact with the Christians. From them you will learn the truth! Soon I also learned that what resides within me is from the devil! I also learned from the pulpits that I was a sinner, born a sinner, condemned to die as a sinner and must have help to overcome my feelings of “same sex attractions” because it was teached that it is a sin. I may add that I didn’t reveal my deep secret for them, of course. Now and then during the years, pastors and preachers picked up this subject of homosexuality, it was primarily on youth meetings that this issue was raised. Some of the Bible verses quoted are the Crown Jewels among “anti-gay” verses:
It may not be possible to find a principle for behavior as closely attached to the ethic of Jesus as this second principle of the Burning Man community: Gifting.
This week's challenge is wide open - you can create ANYTHING with your Peachies! Take a look:
We toasted to life. We toasted to our blessings. We toasted to this year’s Tigers potential.
Perfect for my M1A or Garand because while not ideal because of the necessary scope placement, I still get the eye relief I need and want. Dunno how useful that 1200 meter dot is, but you never know. It's been a long time coming, and I've saved me pennies.
“We’ll do the same with The Hobbit, to make it consistent and give it the feeling of otherworldliness—to get the mood, the tone, the feel of the different scenes,” he said.
journey.
What I would have done, there is 27,000,000 households in Britain. I could have given each household £10,000 each and still had a surplus. Now, Imagine then that each house had a gift of £10,000 but the deal was they had to spend all of it within 6 months. Doesn’t matter what they spend it on except it has to happen in the UK. Cars, holidays, clothes, home improvements, towards keeping an employee what ever. You can’t tell me £325 billion being used in shops, upping demand, getting manufacturing going, spending it of food while on days out, buying a t-shirt while on a day trip etc, wouldn’t kick start the economy? Also, if I were to be elected. I would ensure that to be an MP, you need to do an internship, just like doctors do. This internship would be to have their own private bank account frozen and for them to work for a year, doing 12 hour shifts in a factory, on minimum wage. So they have to see first hand how hard it is to support a family. That a holiday is about as real as Narnia, driving with the fuel light on and going without meals so your kids can have school clothes. There would be no second homes either. There would be accommodation blocks, where you live during the week, just like you expect the military to live in. So no more cleaning of moats, instead they can live in damp conditions that would be condemned if used for private tenants, just like our military have too.
Drivel. Some jumped up art student intern trying to impress...someone else. And failing spectacularly.
Picture 9&10 Beat DK in attic 5
to come-the patented Magic LungR blower system also provides the quietest
The Girl In The Fireplace
This is a delicious vegan/live foods place next to Ride Brooklyn. High prices are justified by the quality of food. I was impressed by the percentage of raw items on the menu - soups, sauces, breads, and more. It's a casual place - you order and pay at the counter. Perfect for lunch.
Typhoid thrives in areas that do not have proper sanitation.
In response, as the government entered an emergency session to formulate a response to the situation and the police and army were deployed in strategic locations, many Danish citizens, most of them members of one of the large number of militias, fought back against Muslims with startling ruthlessness. The ready availability of firearms in Denmark coupled with the high average level of firearms training in the country meant that the militias were in a strong position to contest the situation. Violence raged across great swathes of urban Denmark as scores of Muslims were killed by gunfire across the country. Arson attacks by Muslims numbered in the hundreds, and fire departments struggled to combat what was being turned into a weapon of war by the more poorly armed Muslims.
#2 I found outtoo late that my hoop is just a little too small.Or...that I drew out my design just a hair too big....lol...the very ends dont all fit in the hoop, so I am going to have to move the piece on the hoop, squishing what I've allready hooked, in order to finish the outside. #3 I'm not happy with the strip of off white I did around the bird, hoping to " highlight " it . I was going to do that to the flowers also, but after I did it, I don't like it. I think it looks too ??? Cartoonish ?? Soooo...rather than pull the loops out and re-do, I'm thinking of just staining that just a tad to tone it down ???
* my lord, my lady
Card stock: Core'dinations (Colors); Gina K Designs (White)
Cup Of Joe - for our coffee lovers, straight out of a coffee shop.
1. I will be married for 6 years this September to my love who I really found by chance. Really showed me that there is fate.
that I get out each December
If the term marriage is to be ready physically and spiritually, which also must be considered and included in the list are pre-marriage establishment couples health. Not only physically fit but also to be considered wholesome according to the broad definition. Based on the definition of condition according to World condition club (Who) is a victorious state of physical, mental and social as a whole and not merely freedom from disease or disability. So pre-marital partner condition is important to retain the achievement of a persisting marriage till old age. Marriage can co-exist and adapt, can overcome his problems with the wise and mature.
Cyclists Geraint Thomas and Nicole Cooke can become the first Welsh athletes in 40 years to win successive golds, swimmer Helen Jenkins and rower Tom James go for gold as World Champions while hurdler Dai Greene aims to complete the set having already won world, Commonwealth and European gold.
4) Gym! I had another great night at the gym. It was Day 3 of the Burpees Challenge, so I did my 17 burpees, before moving on and spending 35 minutes lifting weights, and 10 more minutes on the recumbent bike.
6. Build relationships with the granting agencies and key stakeholders.
1446 D-XI/16/2002. “Virginia Woolf’s To the Lighthouse: A Cautionary Tale for Academics.” Staff Seminar, The Basic Program of Liberal Education for Adults, The University of Chicago, Chicago, Illinois.
I am so lucky. I feel so blessed to have such amazing, positive people around me. I just…can’t even begin to explain. I know I am very blessed to have this. So many don’t. Even when I am brought to my knees, in the lowest of the lowest places, I have people who support me. The kind of people who would do the most touching & wonderful things. From the humblest of tasks; I had a friend clean my bathroom for me last year, despite my weak protests from bed, because I’d come out of hospital & started eating after not for some time & I was so sick. The bathroom was filthy, but he insisted on cleaning it anyway.
Sorry this is so quick, have got to get Mum up. She still is not eating but I am managing to get Build Up drinks made with whole milk down her, each drink has 250 calories so 3 a day is 750 calories, plus a couple of milky coffees and a glass of Sherry at 4 o’clock hopefully brings the calorie count up to just over a 1,000.
You might have expected me to comment on this week’s faster than light neutrinos story – frankly, I feel it’s a little precipitate to talk about these results (if these are verified by an independent experiment, then I’ll prick up my ears), and besides, there have been plenty of posts by much better qualified people on the subject.
7.the henchman
You should know that when I parked my SUV in that parking structure this morning (you know the one), I carefully chose a parking spot with plenty of room on either side of it. See, I am aware that I need this room in order to get my children in and out, which requires me to climb in the back and buckle them into and out of their carseats. Now you may not care that I have children, and you may even disdain that I have children (I have to assume that you do not use your Bulldozer Hybrid to transport tiny spawn; with a vehicle like that, I just really doubt you’re a stroller-pushing, little butt-wiping, hand-holding, story-reading dad). But I did try to give you fair warning that I do have children, and several of them at that. Did you not see the rather large family of stick figures parading across the back window of my humble vehicle? Not sure how you could miss it. That, sir, is your cue to give me room if you insist on parking next to me.
So we gave him some Platinum Performance Bio-Sponge. It is supposed to be one of the best probiotics around. Actually, I have no clue what it really is, but it stopped him up for a while so I am happy with it. I just know it is for heavy duty uses. And believe me...this was heavy duty.
poised and blurring into white spider legs,
Reading has been on an all time low this week as I haven't been well. However, I have been watching dvds, so I figured I can review them too!
Jon Cruddas, MP said: “What this investigation for File On 4 is identifying is much more significant that any of the charges I was laying before the Parliament, namely a systematic series of financial irregularities”
Have you become used to the way things are? Have you stopped pushing your business forward? Have you ceased looking for new opportunities? Have you given up taking new ground? Have you taken your eye off the ball?
Whatever you do this weekend, it will be more memorable if you do it while running around naked and screaming so give that a try.
MS: It’s been a big misunderstanding. Two or three years ago every Friday the paper would come up with names for different people and places. I was flying home to Iceland and I opened the paper to find a picture of myself as “the leader of the ‘Úlpa Gang’” (“úlpa” meaning anorak), who are “left-wing, read poetry, and have political opinions but don’t really know anything about the issues.” But I hadn’t even been in Iceland. It was just bullshit.
Last night I spent about 2.5 hours unquilting one block. First, I did not like the purple thread on the yellow fabric and will try the gold variegated thread already used in several blocks. Secondly, the tension was tight on top when I switched to the purple thread. Finally, the King Tut seemed to show every uneven curve - almost as bad as quilting with Isacord. Thicker thread is much more forgiving.
Canned bio:
I’m here to tell you that it’s safe to exercise throughout your third trimester, right up until your due date (and beyond if you choose!). Several of my clients continue attending my Pregnancy Fitness and Pilates classes right up until they give birth as I’ve already said, and many want to, because it helps them sleep better, it helps them deal with stress/anxiety, and it gives them an hour of structured exercise in their day which not just benefits them, but it also benefits their baby as well.
There are plenty of Americans, like me, who remember lining up for polio shots in the 1950’s and 60’s and were informed 40 years later, in the 1990’s, that a lot of those experimental polio shots were contaminated with a monkey virus, simian virus 40, that causes cancer in lab animals and has been associated with brain, bone and lung cancers in children and adults. 12, 13
Wake me when my bowl is full, bitches.
Some of you are lucky. Lucky like you won the lottery lucky. And you don't probably even know how lucky you are....
Agent Vinod , a Hindi action spy film written and directed by Sriram Raghavan. Saif Ali Khan has been appeared as the producer and the lead actor both under his banner of Illuminati Films. Kareena will role in his opposite. Agent Vinod was postponed following a delay in its shooting schedule and will now release on 23 March 2012.
I’ll be honest though, there was another reason I finally worked up the balls to dump her – another woman I’d liked from high school was interested in me. I knew I had somewhere to jump.
17. An unauthorized Don King biography
The aforementioned “intrigue cards” provide a lot more interaction than something like Agricola in that they are typically used to attack other players or benefit whoever is playing them in some way. Some cards allow the player to steal resources from others. Others simply force other players to give up resources, or allow the player playing the card an extra turn. They can turn the tide of a round completely almost immediately, and provide great scope for both laughs and wanting to throw chairs at your opponents.
The eggplant stew was absolutely delicious. The wine ( the alcohol cooks off) and tomato paste added a richness that made this meatless meal exceptionally flavorful. I will be adding those to my list of ingredients to draw from.
In the world but not of the world? From the very beginning, the church has faced the challenge of responding to external events, trends, ideologies, and controversies. By definition, the church does not get to choose these challenges, but they have been thrust upon Christians by the world. The question always comes down to this: What now?
So our shopping day is now thursday and when our meal planning week starts
In a heavy bottomed skillet (preferably cast-iron), melt the 1 cup of butter over medium high heat. Whisk in the flour. Cook to make a peanut butter colored roux lifting the flour from the bottom with a flat-tip spatula. Be careful not to scorch when making roux with butter. Turn down heat as roux begins to darken stirring all while making it dark brown. Or, you can use my browned flour method (see Turkey Bone Gumbo) for a faster making roux. Set aside.
And not everyone talks about asparagus pee or knows what I am talking about. I remember how my family would eat asparagus and then we would talk about how our pee would smell. I would go around talking about my asparagus pee and think it was so hilarious. Then I come to find out that not everyone smells their asparagus pee. Jeff informs me that he didn’t know what the hell I was talking about and that his pee never smells after eating asparagus. Damn. But really his pee does smell, he just doesn’t have the ability to sniff it out. Side note, I gave my dog asparagus and when I let him out, I could totally smell asparagus pee. Hilarious.
Best Novella: “Palimpsest”, Charles Stross (Wireless; Ace, Orbit)
But, it was all in God's timing.
This looks good to the finance department, but it’s not good for the book. By the time you have edited a book, you’ve read it at least half a dozen times and you don’t stand much more chance than the author does of noticing the kind of errors that hide in plain sight. One book I edited while working in-house a while back has an Amazon review complaining about the typos, and this kind of thing is demoralising for an editor – there wasn’t money for a proofreader, which is why the job wasn’t done to the highest standard, but of course the public don’t know that, they just think the author or editor (depending on their level of awareness of the industry) is a bit rubbish.
but one piece of the puzzle was always missing
Marcel’s little white car, straw hat in the back, was a neighborhood fixture just like he was. He drove fast, which always amused me. Can you imagine still driving at 94? He couldn’t imagine otherwise.
1 oz brandy or…
Somehow, she still has the nerve to tell me how I should be living my life!
Miss Sofia turned 6 yesterday - she also lost her first tooth during the week - both made for significant celebrations in the house! In true Sofia form she allowed me to capture some lovely shots of her in the backyard.
What I liked most about this book is that the author is from my homestate of Massachusetts which means the opportunities included in this book are available to me. In the past I've read "coupon" books that included store scenarios for major food chains that are not in the North East so I couldn't participate.
Eddy Butler
are taken at night, when there is a full moon rising, others are taken
SANTORUM: I — I believe America’s a frontier nation and obviously the frontier that — that we’re talking about is — is the next one, which is space. And that we need to inspire. One of the big problems we have in our country today is that young people are not getting involved in math and science and not dreaming big dreams. So NASA or the space program where space is important, NASA is one component that — our — our space defense is another area. I think both of — both of which are very, very important. I agree that we need to bring good minds in the private sector much more involved in NASA than the government bureaucracy that we have. But let’s just be honest, we run a $1.2 trillion deficit right now. We’re — we’re borrowing 40-cents of every dollar. And to go out there and promise new programs and big ideas, that’s a great thing to maybe get votes, but it’s not a responsible thing when you have to go out and say that we have to start cutting programs, not talking about how to — how to — how to grow them.
durmaitrāś chadma-veśiṇaḥ
3. She thrives off the idea of being in a couple. She’s usually bitter when she’s single or has no male company. Our first Valentines day @ college she wore black and said “F*ck Valentines Day!” every time someone on our floor got one of those stupid heartgrams. I have been happy in relationships and happy single. My happiness is not based on my attachment to a man.
The need for the feeling that everything is settled, secure, and that there are no nasty surprises around the corner.
Ain’t objectifying no one
Flying Saucer’s Fall Beer Festival will feature five beer tasting tents each with the featured brews carefully selected by the Flying Saucer’s own resident beer guru, Keith Schlabs, and Austin Flying Saucer general manager, Ted Rowell.
Which brings me to my iPad. I love my iPad. I'm quite reliant on it. Yet it became obsolete practically the day I bought it. Why? Because it’s the ultimate, and perhaps the final, example of what you might term “localised tech.” It’s an object with a specific function.
This is because the new beer drinker demographic is the same one that already understands food descriptors and wine words and they don't just speak in the language of Jilly Goolden - who hasn't graced our screens in more years than I care to remember - they speak the language of Tim Atkin, Jancis Robinson, Jonathan Ray, Susy Atkin AND Jamie Oliver and they demand more of their beer descriptors than the lazy and slapdash use of the phrases hoppy & malty (shudder!).
It’s as viable as a post-Soviet sociological study as an account of the tiger incidents. Portraits of the people living and working in Sobolonye, the town where this all went down, are bleak. They live in unbelievable poverty without economic improvement possibilities. The Primorye region was a rare example of an ideal setting benefitting from Communism, strangely enough. Now things are stagnant and depressing and the rest of Russia ignores them.
I’m not a child of chance; predestination is at work in me. I have a glorious destiny in God and I’m being guided by the Spirit of God every day, to take the right and necessary steps in the direction of God’s perfect will for my life. Nothing can stop me from fulfilling my destiny in God Amen!
Since preparing the report, Professor Lofstedt has expressed concern about the extent to which his report is being ‘misused’ for political purposes. He has emphasised that it did not call for significant changes to regulatory policy, or recognise the ‘compensation culture’ that government ministers regularly condemn.
Arkansas gets to reignite old Southwest conference rivalries. LSU gets annual match-ups with the incoming Big-12 teams. College Gameday could pretty much fill its season with this side of the conference.
I've never really been known for tolerating other peoples' freak-outs very well...I freak-out enough on my own, is it really fair to expect me to deal with other peoples'?!? So a couple years ago at church camp when a bunch of girls came up screaming about how they'd seen a black snake in the room that twenty something of us were sharing, I knew that I had to take care of the freaking-out-ish-ness.
Today’s untoward incident gave them just that – the political ammunition to invalidate’s Bersih’s demands and strengthen accusations that it never had intentions to improve the election system.
The mystery is, where did Bob get this notion that Fr. Olivier’s case was all about “elliptical orbits”? He certainly did not get it from actually reading Olivieri’s writings. Upon some further investigation it appears to me that Bob got this whole schtick from Fr. George Coyne’s essay, “The Church’s Most Recent Attempt to Dispel the Galileo Myth”. Fr. Coyne states in a most cursory fashion that, “Olivieri devised the following formula. Copernicus was not correct, since he employed circular orbits and epicycles.” (The Church and Galileo, “The Church’s Most Recent Attempt to Dispel the Galileo Myth”, p. 346.) This, as I’ve demonstrated elsewhere, is a gross oversimplification, to the point of being an outright misrepresentation. Unfortunately, Bob basically reproduces this argument, but goes well beyond Fr. Coyne by heaping scorn on Fr. Olivieri for being so allegedly simple-minded and sneaky. Fr. Coyne was at least dignified enough not to launch into the insults and invective that Bob unleashed on the Commissary General of the Holy Office (see a litany of Bob’s attacks here.)
And to everyone else who gave me aubergine recipes - they are copied down and I will use them at a later date.
The indictment, which according to the filing was served in August, accuses local AstraZeneca employees of having “made allegedly improper payments to physicians” at the Institute of Oncology and Radiology of Serbia. Several of the accused were arrested, according to the Wall Street Journal.
than it would to transport it all back downstairs.
But not every night. She's also faithful to Cranky, and he gets the warm dog cuddles about half the time. (More than half, actually; I'm just trying to make myself feel good about what I do get. Sniff, sniff.)
I wouldn't mid his cash though to be honest.
1 checked
Who else supports the Institute of Medicine? Here are some of the biggest individual contributors. NaturalNews has not yet had the time to research the backgrounds and globalist ties of these individuals. If you recognize any of these names as being involved in the vaccine industry, the banking industry or the military industrial complex, please let us know so we can update this article:
From what I’ve seen of the film so far, it has a very unique look – a beautiful echo of Italian gialli. How have you achieved this look? Were you guys trying to evoke memories of any particular past giallo titles?
Writers block usually only occurs when the plan isn’t good enough, when a writer has started work on a book without giving it enough time to be properly formed. Then they find they don’t know what to do next. It’s not writer’s block, it’s ‘writer’s procrastination’. The best cure for writers
Which was probably very good advice, because here I am now! Lucky...
I first heard her recite some poems around three, four years ago. She had just returned or was going to a Kavi Sammelan in Pune if I recollect and the response there had been encouraging. However nothing happened.
2nos Red apples
Right or Lefty: Righty
Indoctrinating the population in SA in this manner has been the most infantile accomplishment of the current powers that be with the most incredible outcome. The rest of the world, absolutely incapable of fathoming the rudimentary workings of the indigenous African mind are at a loss and white South Africans at as much of a loss as to understanding why the violence.
Most of your songs seemed designed to avoid any radio airplay whatsoever. Is that a reasonable inference?
Oh, I meant to add, I'm sticking with Midwifery at uni. I've exhausted all the other options and none of them are for me. So while I have some reservations about it still, it is the right path for me in the end.
That's Better.....
The restaurant is on winter hours until March, which means dinner is served weekends only. Meanwhile breakfast (eggs, bacon, omelettes, waffles, bakery) and lunch are served daily, year round. If you go, please tell them Julie from Provence Post sent you. Thanks!
He’s absolutely adorable. He’s really intelligent, well travelled, cultured. Someone who you can stay up and talk to all night, and his body. WOW. He looks like he should be carved from stone.
Maybe he was right? Maybe I would ‘switch off’ too? When the baby arrives I might decide that no job is worth time apart from my child. In fact, judging by the way I feel now, I think that’s highly likely.
- In Kentucky, USA, it is illegal to carry and ice cream cone in your pocket.
#25 morning mist
We love each other
Everything that isn't life threatening seems to be quite unimportant to me. I used to worry about the most ridiculous things. I wasted so much time doing this.
Is that why we don’t talk about Jesus? Are we afraid we will be arrested? Is that why we don’t share the wonderful relationship we have with Him with our friends and those around us? We are afraid of being jailed and ridiculed by others or worse… are we afraid our sharing Jesus with others will mean He has less time for us or He will care less for us?
The other book is The Alchemist's Daughter, which I find a little hard to get into. Hopefully it will get more exciting after a few more chapters.
As the season of snow, ice and long dark European nights draws gathers momentum, the legal institutions of the former Soviet Union and current Russian Federation seem to be getting their furry winter knickers in a twist examining the uncomfortable gap that exists between its history, its present and its commercial potential.
It would be a brilliant plan, except that it depends on the SPL allowing newco to buy all of oldco’s assets, to include its points this season! It depends on the SPL agreeing, mid-season, to the SPL share being handed over from oldco to newco. It depends on the SFA and SPL agreeing to permit a newco, with no trading record, to parachute directly into the league.
I'm only 4 days post-Emmaus. Maybe my attitude is going to change in the next few weeks, days, months. There are certainly stressful times ahead. Nothing in my workplace has changed- but I have. I've faced a few of the normal challenges this week without any glitches to my new understanding. I'm keeping my priorities in the correct order- taking time for God throughout the day, focusing on my kids and their growth, my husband and our relationship, and my intentional family (friends, church).
I had recently had a miscarriage in the second trimester of pregnancy and started bleeding.
Jerry Sadowitz’s comedy show is highly offensive.
I ramble through that to point out that even with on going law enforcement efforts, manufacturers are becoming harder to catch. I’m glad that Sheriff Newman places such a high priority on this. Let me give you some simple statistics:
I know, I know. We're supposed to write for ourselves. And I do. But it's more complicated than that, isn't it? I mean, as artists, we're all supposed to create art for the sake of art, not caring who sees it. For me, there's a lot more to it.
your choice, I suppose!
My neighbor and I are piling up things in our living rooms and great rooms to have a yard sale then here I am out driving around town buying more stuff LOL
“Thanks to this, even the isolation of the inner life of each individual man is increased, and as a consequence what is called the “mutual instruction” so necessary to people’s collective existence is always more and more destroyed.”
That is explained in the Caitanya-caritāmṛta,
The three hosting families always try to keep the other three families in the dark regarding themes, what will be served, decor, etc. (I credit my partner-in-holiday-awesomeness and I driving all participating families to make their course as fabulous as possible). This year we started secretly planning in August (I know, we are nuts). We decided on a holiday movie theme--appetizers at our Italian household would be inspired by The Grinch, the Elf entree would be supplied by the Schultz family, and in the Guffey home we would serve A Christmas Story desserts.
Let’s say that the deal concludes late on the Friday, once the SPL and SFA offices, and the courts, have closed for the weekend.
Points, rate changes, and lending fees can affect how much your North Dakota increases its strong job outlook is through agricultural jobs. As its positions stem from such a highly-productive, agricultural state, North Dakota birding trails to experience the pharmacist jobs north dakota of Native Americans. People live isolated and tradition is well kept in the pharmacist jobs north dakota, the pharmacist jobs north dakota of 640 000 residents. The low number reveals the pharmacist jobs north dakota that communities live often in rural rather than urban areas. North Dakota home mortgage loan interest rates are up, such as General Custer's last stand, visits by Lewis and Clark State Park will give you a higher rate if your credit is exactly what you need to put your house up as collateral. This is due to shortage of staff, and 66 percent of all nursing facilities have reduced admissions in the pharmacist jobs north dakota of studying parts of the biggest mistakes searchers often make is to shop around and compare quotes by going to an insurance comparison website. You'll receive quotes from multiple A-rated companies that you can't realistically afford to pay interest. The best time to visit the pharmacist jobs north dakota and many scenic hiking trails within its boundaries.
VPRO Radio Broadcast
When you were little, did you ever have a special thought, dream or wish about something? I know as children we all have many "wishes", but I remember and still think of one once in a while.
“Leonard Peltier, who on September 12, 2011 will turn 67, has spent more than half his life in prison. He is a symbol of resistance to repressive state policies by the United States, where there are people in jail for ethnic, racial, ideological and religious reasons,” a foundation statement said.
Christian Music is strange, cult like segment of the music world that lies outside the mainstream in this weird word-of-mouth almost seceret society. Hundreds of Thousands of CDs are sold through churches and Christian Concerts, yet it's practically ignored by the mainstream press and major record labels.
For people (especially to those who are scared to face the new generation), give your selves a break! Don’t let your selves be losers. Learn and play the game. The world has so many things to offer, and new social media are giving you many ways to explore and benefit from these things.
Also, since this moment Esther and I have noticed that we will have moments of simultaneous disappointment and celebration. There has been lots of little moments of opposition coming from all directions when we least expect it. Please join us in fighting the spiritual battle for UCI but especially against the pervasive lie that Jesus can’t do great things at UCI.
I try not to write too many negative reviews. I want people to come here for a celebration of sandwiches, not a festival of gripes. I’ve got a file full of sandwiches about which I didn’t have anything nice to say, so I didn’t say anything at all. But every so often a sandwich comes along that just strikes me the wrong way, something that I find genuinely offensive, and I feel compelled to tell others about it. This afterthought of a torta is one such sandwich.
Ink Memento
When Muffy gets to her room, she sits on her bed and begins wringing her hands. Hal, true to his word, climbs about a third of the way up the staircase, then sits down to begin his guard duty. Chazz tries to sweet-talk Nikki into staying in his room, but she's packing her belongings at a furious pace. Her plan is to walk down to the pier and wait there for rescue, but Chazz hates the idea of her being out there alone. He resorts to donning different S&M masks to lighten the mood, and it actually does make Nikki smile and giggle. She still walks out of the room, leaving Chazz mumbling on the bed in the mask.
Now this month we have a variety of artwork featuring our CTMH stamp of the Month, both the Canadian & American versions of this stamp AND artwork highlighting a picnic or party theme...so you will have loads of summertime inspiration as you Hop Along!!!
It isn’t at all the weather for lovers to be out in
As I am under time-pressure and my deadline is looming I can’t afford to kick-back and take time to sit and read for hours and escape into the fictional world of books, or flit down to the cinema and watch a film and flying off to Germany is more of a family visit than a much needed Holiday. Even my sleep time has been reduced down to the maximum minimum. But I do litter my day with spontaneous breaks in which I dance to music in my living room, read a short magazine article while drinking a cup of tea or make a quick moany phone-call to a friend to vent.
With the future changes in FHA lending, more up front mortgage fees, buying a home now will truly be less expensive for a buyer than in the near future. Right now Interest Rates are lovely and low – and as they increase, a buyers purchase power decreases.
I snapped it closed. “Mr. Tibbs, go on–the pirate was over you. What happened?”
I can't use names on the Internet, so I will refer to the boys by their birth order. Here are a few updates.
Christopher Monckton’s call to B-F-P members (video below) was made on 15th March, before the B-F-P made a pact with the English Defence League and named its leader Tommy Robinson as the B-F-P deputy leader.
Most people do not understand rejection. Here’s a perspective.
I have highspeed internet at the box, maybe someone has a large monitor or a beamer and we could do some bbqing and drinks while watching the games. Spontaneous workouts could be included. Some workouts could require drinking large amounts of alcoholic beverages (non-paleo)…
Up ASG and down 3rd Access. Microspikes felt somewhat inadequate after yesterday's monster grip from the KTS Crampons, but the trail is really in pretty much perfect condition right now. Mostly running. Incredible scene on the summit with a cloud blowing off of Green's south summit and Bear Peak sticking up through the mist into the sunshine. Truly spectacular.
In addition, the Justice Department reviewed only a limited number of cases and focused on the work of one scientist at the FBI lab, despite warnings that problems were far more widespread and could affect potentially thousands of cases in federal, state and local courts.
Ladies and gentlemen, please allow me to introduce.....Super Toilet! You may not be able to tell from this photo, but THIS...this is the world's MOST amazing toilet seat. First of all, it's heated. Ahhhh. And soft. And what's that? Why it's a remote control bidet with heat, pulsating front and/or back spray and a dryer! Yes that right. Close your eyes and think of Paris my friends.
Step 1: Once your wall is completely prepped, you are ready to start hanging the wallpaper. I used a prepasted wallpaper, which means all I had to do was apply water to the back. PLEASE, read the instructions carefully for the specific wallpaper you choice for your space ~ the direction for installation may be different!
Sign up to be a reader at one of our events:
Megan suggested a couple of things: "Plaid Pants with a turquoise/teal sweater with leopard accents (basically this with teal)."
People who'd like to see the musical can get information and buy tickets online.
She is Queen of the people, watcher of the mortal realm, keeper of men, women, warriors, wives, kings, and all that lie between and beyond. So I am a priestess of the people. So I shall sing her praises even through the muck of humanity. So I shall wear her name, from my lips, upon my heart, deep in my soul.
Star aka “your baby girl”
Canon Patrick also writes movingly about the murder of more than a million Armenians in Ottoman Turkey during the First World War – an event recognised officially as a Holocaust by the National Assembly, but not by the UK Parliament.
Today was my last day in the Fur-Get Me Not Tricks Class! I needed a little bit of warming up, but once I got started, I had tons of fun.
I have one of my last Dr appts today... hopefully the BP will be down and this will not turn into a 4hr event... as it USUALLY does! oof!
This is Bodhi doing what Bodhi does best...enjoying long naps in his cozy bed of hay. You should hear him sigh contentedly, and you should hear the way he saws logs--puts my husband's snoring to shame.
I sure hope they restock- I haven't even had a chance to check it out! Did that happen in your city? Or did you score anything great?
We spent the rest of the early morning hours watching Paranormal Activity (a first for my daughter) and then passing out in our beds to wake up much too early four hours later… I’m still a little fuzzy headed and I can’t begin to think about goals and plans for 2012, but if I had to choose a theme for 2012 it would be to move past fear, especially the fear of making mistakes. Neil Gaiman wrote this on his blog:
And I'll admit it, I giggled. I know that sounds bad, but in The Dead of Winter's defense, this IS a Gothic book, and "over the top to the point of giggles" is pretty much one of those checklist features of the genre. So I guess I can give it a pass on that. It was fun.
Synchronicity is the experience of two or more events that are apparently causally unrelated or unlikely to occur together by chance, yet are experienced as occurring together in a meaningful manner. The concept of synchronicity was first described … by Carl Gustav Jung … The concept does not question, or compete with, the notion of causality. Instead it maintains that, just as events may be grouped by cause, they may also be grouped by meaning. A grouping of events by meaning need not have an explanation in terms of cause and effect.
“Why could you not stay here
I am sincerely hurting
Chavis is no stranger to organizing. A colleague of King’s, he organized a one-million person march on Washington in the 1960s with a coalition of African Americans, progressive white liberal groups, and organized labor. ‘That is what we have to rebuild,’ he announced.
Brookmyre also told a story about doing an event in Clydebank Library. He noted that a library open after hours, with the lights on, is a bampot magnet. "It's the flame, and all the moths are wearing Burbery". A bloke in a Burbery cap came in and hovered for a while before telling Brookmyre that his dad "loves the Glasgow crime books." He told Brookmyre that he had never actually heard of him, but that he would get his dad a book. "Now, what was it you done?" It became clear that the guy thought that Brookmyre was a criminal. Brookmyre was tempted to say "Ah murdered hunnerds of guys" but, in the end, settled for telling him it was fiction. "What, you're making it up?" said the guy.
Thank God for a clean driving record. I got off with a “Don’t do that again, okay!?” (I even told him – in my panic – I’m the world’s biggest Evil Rule Follower – to a fault normally!)
The first week of the summer we went to Original House of Pancakes in Wayzata (yummy gluten free blueberry pancakes).
The one thing I love about Maddie is the fact that she's flawed just like anyone else is out there. She makes mistakes and yet she doesn't let her occasional bad choices get her down- quite the opposite actually because she learns from them and does better the next time. The other thing I love about her character is how much she loves and cares about her best friends and how she would do literally anything for them. It's easy to tell she would be a kick-butt friend to have if she real. Also, I love her romance with Nate, and the fact that unlike some relationships out there in YA, it seems real, because they actually talk and communicate, not just make out.
I would to God that ye would look at all your actions in the light of the day of judgment.
I have new projects I want to tell you about. That requires time.
Main Kitchen
It reminds me of the joke about the psychic contortionist who could foresee her own end.
Whoopsie, my blood pressure was too high and they cancelled my surgery. Oops? lol. Best part was when the hospital's auto bp machine wigged out...got red marks on my right arm which are not going away after 13 hours. The track marks on both arms combined with my overweight body must make me look like a broke ass junky who spent her money on mac & cheese instead of her 8ball.
Here’s wishing you had a happy May Day/International Workers’ Day/Organization of African Unity Day.
Like most things in life, he was so much better in my head.
I was talking with a friend recently and we were talking about the changes we’ve seen over our lifetime, this is what old guys do when they get together. I had to admit that the biggest change I’d seen in America over my lifetime is something that’s quite disturbing it is that America has become an inconsiderate nation. It seems to me very often as if people believe they are alone in the world, as if their actions have no impact on another person at the least, and more disturbingly that they just don’t care what impacts they have.
may the protection of the ancestors be yours.
I should have known better than to do what I did, she always said such fiery things when she was angry. I interrupt her, "Rachel! I was just thinking about staying with you and now you go and call me names and say I'm heartless!" I say angrily. "How am I supposed to love someone who keeps hurting me?"
After putting our shoes back on and exchanging our locker keys for slips of paper with our room number (and paying, it was 4,000 yen or 40 USD) we headed for the Metro Station. We purchased our tickets (the machines worked in English too!) and headed to the platform. Japanese trains are SO timely, it was amazing! We almost never had to wait more than 3 minutes for a train, it was awesome.
And a little about the author (which I rarely do in this feature that's supposed to be about the artist): Kummer wrote plays, the books to musicals and musical revues, straight novels, and humor, but I tend to know him as a writer of several crime and adventure novels. He began writing genre fiction which was serialized in pulp magazines under the pseudonym Arnold Fredericks. Kummer then dropped that and used his own name for his final two detective novels The Scarecrow Murders and The Twisted Face featuring Judge Henry Tyson (soon to be reviewed here).
-Then I pull it out and stitched, again, around the edges.
Only 50 will be made & sold!
There are also a few boutique chamberings like the .45 winchester magnum, the .45 wildey magnum, the .44 automag etc... etc... some of which are as powerful as moderate loadings of the .454 casull, but most of which are under the hottest loadings of the .44 magnum.
As for Oakland, the city of my birth. Very badly done last week. Perhaps you can let these young people show you how it's done.
Lorimer said that the case left some unanswered questions.
My friend is also happy to be quoted as boasting the following - with hearty laughs: she is 26; never studied literature; never written a book; only ever reads the first 10 pages of a book, then dips in and out until she has enough to write her review; she admits she doesn't know "a lot" about anything, let alone books, as Rachel Cooke argues; her reviews appear under a pseudonym in the publication, because she is often embarrassed about what she writes; she swears that this is not an isolated case.
To be fingered
takes one
2. Don’t play poker with your offers
Suddenly, I hear a little voice from the sofa saying "Look at the spider mommy!" I turn around to find that my innocent little three-year-old daughter - who had been coloring obliviously at the dining room table - had cuddled up on the sofa, absolutely riveted by this epic battle. Complete with bug ooze. Horrified, I tell my husband to change the channel that very second before my daughter curls up into a ball and refuses to go to sleep for fear that a giant cricket might be lurking under her bed. He does, and a sudden cry of protest comes up from the little redhead on the sofa. "NOOOO, I want the bug show! BUG SHOOOOOOOW!"
And so a choice needs to be made. Oddly enough this is possibly both the funniest and scariest episode at the same time. The principle nemesis of Upper Leadworth being the Eknodines, or psychopathic old people to you and me. They become sinister, crawling along in their zimmer frames over field and over dune, much the same way as zombies and Triffids have done in other horror stories. Aside from that they add a bit of humour to the story, clobbering old ladies with logs, lamping them off roofs and watching them shuffle forward with a lawn mower, like some sort of modernised grim reaper.
There was also a veteran from the SAS's very beginning - a founder member - who talked darkly of murder notebooks and dead time. And the Scribble Central Citizen, who had been taming beasts in America and feeding beastly pirates to the Crow, or something.
Bake sales are a tool of Satan
It's time to crap. More than that, it's time to give a crap again.
everywhere
I will be using random.org (or a monte carlo simulation in excel) to pick the winners from the comments.
This one is a little more rare but I have heard of it, and it is probably the only one I would say is just plain ridiculous. Yes, we have been most radically affected by the death of Christ, but as I already showed above, Christ’s birth was an awesome thing. Although I think that we still ought to consider Christ’s death around Christmas time, it is not at all harmful to observe the life of Christ and what he has accomplished on the cross at Christmas, why not have a time to thank Christ for coming to this Earth in human form?
*Florian told us before the movie that the IMAX film and cameras can only record up to 3 minutes at time. You must change the film after those 3 minutes. The camera housing itself also weighs around 400 lbs! We thought that was fascinating.
And, of course these magazines. I look through them in between books!
Because of my pale skin, it doesn't take much to turn me into a clown. In looking for easy to apply blush that gives "life" rather than overt color or sparkles, I stumbled upon Chanel and have not looked back. For everyday, the light peach Fresque works perfectly. I've read reviews that this can not show up on skintones any darker than pale--so fair warning to everyone out there. I swipe it with my brush, give my cheekbones two light passes each, and I'm finished. My favorite blush, however, is Tempting Beige, and this would work for a lot of women. It's rather dark (for me), so I use a very little bit (I tap the brush onto the blush, then barely swipe my cheeks once), but it's magical. It looks like I'm blushing from happiness--it's incredible. I have no idea how Chanel does their color magic, but the blushes have proved their weight in gold. I have a few other fun Chanel colors, but these are my standbys. Love.
He made his remarks during a visit to Harlow, Essex, where his party gained control in last week’s council elections, and which is a key target seat for Labour at the next general election.
We've reached our final destination of our USA trip. Which is a bittersweet fact in itself but the mood is so upbeat after a lovely few days at Coachella that it doesn't matter and dare I say it, we're feeling ready to leave. Much time was spent with Patrice over the past few days (four performances, four car journeys, two trips to Dennys, one viewing of Pretty in Pink and one trip to Sprinkles worth to be exact) who stole the show at Coachella with her pretty homemade feather headdress. It was actually the first time meeting her (though in that typical 21st century style of 'internet' friendship I've known her for a while through Abby.) and Joanna and I were most sad to have to say goodbye to her at the Greyhound station in Los Angeles yesterday. Back to Coachella; Phoenix, Gorillaz, Vampire Weekend were all amazing. The three of us played Thomas Mars VS Damon Albarn. Thomas was in the lead after the Phoenix performance (if you ever get the chance I insist you see them, their music is really best listened to live and you'll fall in love with Thomas on stage) until Damon sang his duet with Yukimi Nagano during the Gorillaz set and their chemistry caused the cutest most romantic goosebump inspiring moment. We three are unanimous that while Thomas is gorgeous and French and sensitive, Damon has that rougher persona that suggests he might conk somebody on the nose for you. Which I suppose is an attractive quality?
3. Angles, angles, angles: That makes all the difference in the world. Experiment from all angles. Shooting a group? Take the photo from above their level. Shooting one or two? Get down on their level.
Bow tie pasta:
G.I. Joe's platoon in Iraq had the call sign "Dragon."
Cthuko transfers to the same class and also moves in with them. Hilarity and unrequited yuri ensues. A fun episode, but yeah, mostly schoolgirl antics. Although Nyarlko’s brother turns up and is very very quickly relegated to buttmonkey status.
The week’s adverse weather conditions had caused tough conditions for the Flying 15 British Championship racing; some competitors take part in this as their final preparation for the Flying 15 World Championship racing that is due to commence on Friday, 22 July 2011 and should complete on Thursday, 28 July 2011.
This is the premiere of a season of Friday blog installments where I take questions on ethics and etiquette and try to give an answer appropriate for both dimensions. If you want to do the right thing but choose to do the wrong thing, how do you handle the whole situation with grace when you’re exposed for the animal you are?
“Pardon? What???” she asked, having heard perfectly but taken aback.
DRAGONS DEN: Budding evil genius get the chance to pitch their plans to four of the universe's most sinister brains, Davros, Blon Fel-Fotch Pasameer-Day Slitheen, Morbius and Sutekh The Destroyer. Whose plan will gain the favour of the fearsome four? The Dominators want investment to expand their army of Quarks; Professor Zaroff, plans to destroy the Earth by raising Atlantis and also turn sailors into Fish People; Professor Lasky seeks investment to make mobile, talking, killer plants for some reason; and a coalition of monsters want to trap the Doctor inside an indestructible box which cannot be opened.
This is not always an easy task. At-risk youth’s families are often homeless or live in shelters; not exactly an environment in which a youngster can thrive. Under the current economic circumstances, even families who once enjoyed proper living conditions sometimes have to use their cars to provide their children a roof over their heads.
The same terrible words: "Why
1-2 tbsp fresh chopped parsley
So, I thought I'd write a little post, to kind of update you on what's going on in my house! I'm redoing the living room (kind of), and have made a few recent purchases/changes that I thought I'd show you guys. I'm kind of in a weird place with my living room. I don't love it yet, and I'm not sure what I want to do to make myself love it. Last year, when I redid it, I knew exactly what I wanted, and exactly what I wanted to buy, and did it, and I loved it. This time, it's a slower process. I know I'll figure it out, but the slow journey is kind of annoying me. Oh well...it's just home decor.
He changed tack, pulling back in time, searching the city for clues. None of the old clocks worked, of course, but there were weeds grown to large bushes whose leaves were bright green with new growth; Clearsight picked out a lone daffodil growing in a park as Rissad walked past. Spring. But spring was just hovering on the edge of breaking, and Rissad couldn’t have survived starving for ten months.
Red House is a crossroads hamlet with two stores, one of them a modern truck plaza with multiple pump canopies and a convenience store, and the other a traditional little country story with a couple of pumps in front and an unpaved parking lot. I chose the latter store to visit, since it seemed more likely to be a source of local news and gossip.
12. Time Tough
To me one could detect signs of racism in the sign, but of a different ilk to the one that had just been spotted and caused such disgust.
Before the eBay thing, I had 5-10 people read my blog every day. I just asked my family and friends to read it. And I use statcounter.com to track the number of visitors, where they've come from, what keywords they googled, etc.
Assad vows to aid peace mission
Sash just couldn't desist,
at my school & there will be LOADS of food coming every day. Yummy, gooey,
So here goes - 7 things:
Bill Frisell Beautiful Dreamers Trio,
- Everything is paid for with YOUR TAX DOLLARS.
But now the veil is parted
A Boomer is someone who is in the demographic of those born between 1946 and 1964. That would be anyone between the ages of 48 and 65. I am, what I like to consider, an original Baby Boomer. When me and all my schoolmates were young, having been born after our dads came home from the war, we clogged the schools for years - and just about every other social system, apparently. But we were all part of the Baby Boom as it was called then. For some reason, mysterious to me, the sociologists decided to stretch the boundaries of this cohort to include all the children of that particular parent generation. So, we have a huge group to think about now without the Baby part of the name.
Regina, over at The Cutting Cafe has generously donated some goodies for the event. So be sure to mark your calendars and clean off those craft tables for some craftin' FUN!
I guess that makes me really selfish. But those thoughts and feelings were real to me. I was nervous about leaving the hospital because I wasn't going to have all that help at home. When we got home the first night, josh and I both cried. We were so overwhelmed.
That prompted some politicians, including House Intelligence Committee member Adam Schiff (D-Calif.), to reluctantly oppose the bill. Schiff said that because his proposed amendments were rejected, he had to vote against CISPA “due to my concerns about civil liberties and the privacy of Americans.”
THE ARTIST'S EYE
Speaking of not being stressed Celeste sent me this picture of Mr. Wiggins who is "relaxed to the max"
Expectations can get us into trouble emotionally. If I'm learning any lesson consistently and repeatedly, it's that I need to expect less from life. I need to stop expecting good weather, uncomplicated days, and excellent health. I need to stop expecting people to be good, and thoughtful, and unselfish. I need to remember which world I'm currently inhabiting, and start living with more appreciation for the many times when things actually do go well and I ride the wave of relative ease of living. Truly, for most of us these days, life is pretty easy. We have so many gadgets, countless conveniences, comforts, and abundance, that it seems we've lost sight of the harsh reality that there's still so much we can't control.
I feel sorry for the children of today because this was my favorite part of Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles. And they will not have such an interlude.
Since three is a magic number, what are in your opinion the three most important lessons to be learned from this crisis?
My ideal future does not have you in it.
Debbie Reese's American Indians in Children's Literature is an important blog that "provides critical perspectives and analysis of indigenous peoples in children's and young adult books, the school curriculum, popular culture, and society." Do I always agree with Debbie? No, but I definitely respect her thought-provoking opinions. I've learned a lot from her blog and am pleased we are friends on Facebook. (And if anyone reading this wants to keep in touch with me on Facebook, feel free to "friend" me.)
Poisons. If you’ve been checking Noxxic or Elitist Jerks for L2P info, you’re probably using instant poison on your main hand and deadly on the offhand. For levelling, this is stupid advice. Deadly will never stack to the point where it’s good, and instant doesn’t have anywhere near the proc rate you want until deadly is stacked to 5. I use wound poison on both weapons – the damage is decent and it’s got an excellent proc rate.
Add cooked peas and peeled prawns and simmer for 2 minutes
I invite you to comment below and tell me what makes cops and cuffs attractive to you. Is it the shift of power, the control, a man in uniform, the thought of a playful encounter… dig deep and share your thoughts. I’m more than a little curious.
This second thing must follow out of the first; for Christ says, in John 8:44, that the devil is a liar and murderer. With lies he kills souls, with murder bodies. If he wins with a lie, he does not take a holiday and make delay, but follows it up with murder. Thus when the spirit of lies had taken possession of Mohammed and the devil had murdered men’s souls with his Koran and had destroyed the faith of Christians, he had to go on and take the sword and attempt the murder of their bodies. The Turkish faith, then, has not made its progress by preaching and the working of miracles, but by the sword and by murder, and its success has been due to God’s wrath, which ordered that, since all the world has a desire for the sword and robbery and murder, one should come who would give it enough of murder and robbery.
And here's where the WABAC machine took me when I started reading this story... I belonged to a Boy Scout Troop in my little hometown in east Tennessee when I was growing up. There were two Boy Scout Troops in Kingston, one of them very large, popular, and fun. The other troop was ours. Small, dull, and anything BUT fun to belong to.
“Darkness cannot drive out darkness: only light can do that. Hate cannot drive out hate: only love can do that.”
A discovery that i found.
Apparently, Perez Hilton was absent those days in grade school. Perez Hilton: The Celebrity Gossip and Juice Expert have been making a living off of celebrities’ misfortunes and lives. Perez’s site is constantly updated with stories and commentary.
Even after Jack was born, I lost nearly all of the 19 kilos I put on while gestating him. Considering how skinny I was when I got pregnant with him (which I suppose would have been because I had only gotten married five weeks beforehand...), I could afford to put some on whilst enjoying the culinary benefits of being up the duff. And since he was such a hungry little bugger, I breastfed a lot of it off. The rest of it came off just before Phoebe decided it was her turn for another reincarnation.
I’ve walked away from some people that
What is your favorite hobby?
Today, I wanted to reveal the details of how a story was recently written about me in the San Diego Union Tribune by Diane Bell.
“Let us not lose this,” Cris muttered aloud, “Let us not lose this, God, for there is no greater beauty, no better hour.”
They did this impressive, surreal, stage, theatre, rock, metal extravaganza to the theme of Cat in the Hat. Check out the “What’s New” album for pictures. Excuse the quality, but I forgot my camera once again so the shots were taken with my E6′s puny 2megapixel, no-flash, in-the-hands-of-a-noob camera… (there’s a nightime setting???). I also sapped my battery quickly so they’re only from the first half of the show.
The third Strange/Quinn novel, Soul Circus, published in hardback by Orion in 2003. The cover photo is again by Ed Holub – or "Edward" as he's credited here – and as with the previous two books, you can find a synopsis and excerpt on Pelecanos's site. Reviews aplenty there are of this one online, but you could do a lot worse than the reliable Mark Lawson of The Guardian.
I promise!!!!
(Road warrior on the loose, look out Queensland here I come)
My friend was able to answer her questions and steer her in a positive direction rather than a path that could have been dangerous. But if this uncle had not shown love and support throughout her early years would she have called him? I don’t think so.
It's been a while since I've posted anything publicly. Some people have written to inquire if I'm O.K. The answer is, yes, I'm fine.
The 2012 New York Auto Show revealed BMWs newest addition to its already stunning 2013 line up. The 2013 BMW X1, manufactured in Germany, will be available stateside this coming fall!
and make them new,
4. Oakland Raiders
“Oh, come on. You can do better then that. Come on there’s nothing hear to see after closing. Get going.” Ted pointed towards the exit.
I don’t want to dwell on the survival, but the brilliance of this cannot be overstated. If there’s another FPS this decade that has you eagerly swapping your only gun for milk, I’ll gladly disappear up my own asshole.
But there’s another issue that could have major implications for the nation’s economy, and it’s barely mentioned at all: the soaring costs America might face in generations to come from climate change. More specifically, the very damaging and very costly effects of sea level rise.
Best episode of the bunch so far, with lots of character building without having to go with the ol’ reliable that’s dipping into character backstories. I’d say it played well to Wally’s strengths and weaknesses, but to say that wanting to defeat a baddie when time’s of the essence of more of a priority issue than a full-on weakness. Either way, it does a good job of building up Wally’s likability, which when you’re given a full cast of heroes to deal with is more difficult than you’d think.
(f) The Good Father, Mothers or Authority Figures:
Book choice five: The Last Empress: Madame Chiang Kai-Shek and the birth of Modern China by Emma Pakula.
“So you’re carrying memories in your muscles and emotions in your gut, can’t sleep because the body remembers what the mind can’t handle and when the mind can’t handle something, you start having nightmares and getting depressed because the last thing someone wants is to be bothered in their waking life with shadows from their past only to have their mind turn on them when they’re asleep. I can fix that.”
green-eyed, long-lashed
She’d spent a fruitless ten minutes or so trying to climb, jump, leap up to grab that lip, but it had been no use. It was just too far out of her reach and the sheer walls around her offered no way out.
Great hawk that could swoop down and easily spirit Justin Bieber away right in front of our eyes! Will the body as a piece of clothing and not just the thing hanging below my chin(s) make a comeback too (buttons and the vag should never connect. Just saying)? Also, there is a pair of shoes smack in the middle of 1994 that I refuse to ever lay my eyes on again. I swear. Otherwise a vortex something something and a hot tub that's really a time machine sucks up something something and everybody gets rich and something russian and stuff (I saw that movie over the summer and remembered some stuff, I tell you. No need to go back. Simply cannot return. Ever!).
Ever since I studied William Wordsworth, (1770-1830), in college I have been haunted by the first 4 lines of this poem written by him in 1807:
The first segment served as a sort of prelude to the album; it was dark and drew me into the journey that I wasn’t prepared for. It ushered in what sounded like church bells in a rustic backstreet somewhere in Europe. I felt like I was hearing a call to prayer.
A.V. Huff, a retired Furman University history professor who chairs the State Archives Commission, said only twice since reconstruction has the Legislature confronted a governor with an investigation or vote of nonsupport.
OVER 400 children come to the orphanage and local primary school each day in hope for food and an education. Sometimes there is food. Sometimes there is not. Sometimes the teachers are there, but only if they have been paid. The children are hungry for both food and knowledge.
P.S. We accountants get a bit silly after the tax season ends.
The council gave the following breakdown of the top snack foods that will be consumed are:
INN: What kind of impact did that have on independent producers?
Oh what a day!Well, there is my funny story for the day...
I’m now registered at goodreads.com and librarything.com, and both are good services, but the bulk import options leaves something to be desired. You need to have a CSV file, and you absolutely need ISBN’s. Sigh…by this point, I had 1200 books in my books.xml file, and none of them had ISBN’s. I also don’t have a bar-code scanner.
Another point is that half my book is based around selfish, nasty characters and the effects that their behaviour has upon them, and the other half is police procedural. Some readers haven’t liked the fusion of both. So for many the beginning – pre-murder – was too slow but for others they preferred that part to the following police investigation.
And there are flaws. It’s never discussed or mentioned how the miracle affects life on planet Earth outside of mankind. How about plants and animals? Surely they, too, should play a huge role in the proceedings? Alas, we never find that out. The concept is potentially so vast, that the season could have taken twice as much time to explore the idea and still come up short. The oft-tossed about notion that ten episodes was too long a time to tell this story is, dare I say it, horseshit. Many viewers will immediately want to know why the miracle is happening, but the answer to that isn’t revealed until Episode 10. This is likely part of the reason folks started tuning out en masse when the series was broadcast last summer; for many viewers it was simply taking too long to find out why all of this madness was happening, and the myriad red herrings along the way were probably frustrating. Misguided though this line of thinking is, it nevertheless, as of late, seems to be a real problem. (See also AMC’s The Killing.) Blu-ray or DVD alleviates this problem. You don’t need ten weeks. You just need ten hours.
Apple sold quite a lot of Core Duo Macs and some Core Solo Mac minis. Those Macs do not meet the system requirements to run OS X Lion. Thus iCloud is not supported on those Macs. I am still using a MacBook Pro Core Duo from January 2006. I can only use iCloud through iCloud.com. In the meantime Apple is committed to run MobileMe service until June 30, 2012. By that time Apple would hope that Mac users would have at least an iOS 5 device or a Mac running OS X Lion.
I want to add this. The people blaming the genocide on apartheid supported this ANC Regime all along and are therefore the architects of the Genocide and cannot be trusted now. They feel in most instances that the genocide is warranted, because it is viewed as payback for the so-called Human Rights Violations that were concocted by the media. Remember always that we were the children in school uniforms that were showed in movies abroad apparently using blacks for moving target practice. While the poor ignorant fools abroad never realised that we were actually filmed while doing target practice and later the films were edited to show blacks lying dead in-front of us. WE were the ones in those movies, therefore we know what really happened and how those films were produced and we know that the world could nail us today based on those movies as according to the world we really did shoot blacks in our school uniforms, at school and with the consent of the teachers. So these liberal idiots blaming today's murders on apartheid do not deserve our time, because they do not even feel guilty for the murders that they were the architects of. To hell them. They will in future turn against us once again and when we have to defend ourselves against the Regime they are the ones that would once again use that film material, manipulate it and show the world, once again "Look at what those nasty Nazi SA whites are doing to the poor innocent blacks!" Mark my words these people will again use the film material to paint the opposite picture, because as stated so many times before, we SA whites were Nazi's and that is how they view us and that is why they feel we deserve it as payback for the so-called atrocities of the past that they think happened here.
We will draw winners on Sunday May 6th ---I’ll be teaching up in Somers, NY at the Northern Star Quilt Show on that day, but I can stop and do some drawing! Good Luck, everyone! And please spread the word on this drawing to wherever quilters gather, be it your email lists, message boards, facebook ---this is a GREAT giveaway!
Halloween is just three days away and I thought it would be a good time to share our Halloween stained-glass cookie recipe that we posted about here a few weeks ago.
Republicans tried to play by the new rules. They called a break (and a truce) for a week and halted their calender in an important time that the opposition party would ordinarily want to use to full advantage prior to a State of the Union speech. And they toned down their language, for example, changing the word “kill” in “job killing” to “crush” or “destroy.” It was a useless gesture, I know, but the Republicans were doing what they could to practice civility according to the long laundry list of words that political-correctness-embracing Democrats had decided was off limits.
A passenger screener at Philadelphia International Airport is facing charges that he distributed more than 100 images of child pornography via Facebook, records show.
One of the key challenges underlying development of the current initiative is the need to move beyond bilaterism in the achievement of future agreement on legal principle, while not starting full renegotiation of existing treaties. In many ways the process has moved beyond the need for future treaties. This “backgrounding” of legal issues in managing and allocating the Nile waters reflects an important shift in the way such issues are perceived and used by the riparian states themselves. They have moved from an earlier era of bellicose assertions of prior, historic rights and national sovereignty over water courses, to a “common vision” of development of the Nile that seeks: “to achieve sustainable socioeconomic development through the equitable utilization of, and benefit from, the common Nile Basin water resources.” The significance of this joint statement lies in its emphasis on equitable usage and socioeconomic development. It demonstrates a shift to a view of sharing between states based on maximizing shared benefits, rather than focusing on the water resources themselves. There is a significant reflection of the UN Convention on the Non-Navigational Uses of Watercourses in the vision, namely the usage of the term “equitable.” For downstream states this represents acknowledgement – albeit implicit – of the need (if not the right) to upstream water resources development which at some point will impact on shares as currently allocated under the 1959 Agreement (See Table 2 ). For upstream states this also implies the redundancy of insisting on renegotiations as a starting point if, in many senses, the NBI has taken their position beyond the negotiating table and directly to the implementation of actions on the ground within a cooperative framework.
I imagine the scene went something like this:
Five years later, in 1792, Ludwig Van Beethoven went back to Vienna, benefiting from another grant, for two years, by the Prince Elector, again to pursue his musical education. He never went back to the town of his birth. His friend Waldstein, wrote to him, “you shall receive Mozart’s spirit from Haydn’s hands…”
Old man with wrinkled female breasts, can see
At a meeting with students last November, Hultin was asked if there’s a dollar amount that would stop the deal. He said, “A gift of $300-$400 million would turn our heads. We could build a national brand with that money.”
- Nat Medhurst
In making my card, I had started off trying to incorporate polka dots...nothing. And then I thought about stripes...still nothing. Since I do not have any yellow ink, it was becoming quite difficult. So I ended up stamping my entire cardfront with Background basics: Houndstooth in Aqua Mist. I added a ribbon flower that I had learned from Laurie Willison at Soapbox Creations. I used some scrap cardstock impressed with my Sunshine IP to add some texture. Thanks for looking and enjoy the hop!
Come back next Friday for the full details! Hope to see you all soon...and...GO tell all your friends!
704 *D-XI/10/1975. “The Limitations of Public Opinion: Thoughts After a Quarter Century as a Non-Lawyer.” Prepared for broadcast. Chicago, Illinois. (Incorporated in Item C-1977(10), above, pp. 979-83.)
If you are looking to satisfy that sweet craving, but you can’t have gluten or dairy, this is a great treat!
We spent all day Saturday with my husband's family-lots of fun in the sun and a trip to the zoo. Saturday night marked our first bbq of the season. I love barbecuing! It is my favorite thing to do in the summer. We had grilled burgers and hot dogs and all kinds of yummy salads, including a fruit salad. I think a good fruit salad is one of my favorite things about summer in general. But sometimes they can take a lot of time to put together, cutting up fruit after fruit after fruit. They're so worth it, but it helps to have another set of hands or two to get it done faster! The recipe for this fruit salad is especially easy and quick. There is very little cutting required and can be put together in no time.
With a lightly floured hand, gather the dough into a ball and knead it gently against the sides and bottom of the bowl 5 to 20 times , turning and pressing any loose pieces into the dough each time until they adhere and the bowl is fairly clean.
This book contains truly well rounded characters who have a delicious mixture of both good and bad. The stories are compelling and exciting, really creating that thirsty fear that readers love.
And for every doctor or researcher reading this, whoever solves ME and finds this virus, you will be in line for stardom, happy patients and a Nobel prize.
And dearly love their friends,
The movie was written largely by Rod Serling of The Twilight Zone fame. His hand in the script is evident considering the famous O. Henry twist ending. As is usually the case with Serling’s scripts, it is a stew of social commentary on the issues of nuclear war, science v. religion, human rights, animal rights, and probably a half dozen other topics film critics have “discovered” in it over the years. Deconstructive criticism can be employed to the point at which it defies all logic, so I am careful how far I go in ripping scripts apart. The following is what I got out of the film. Your mileage may vary.
There was the faint smell of gas.
I didn’t discover him until last year. Now I can’t get enough of him or of his half-brother, Mickey Haller. I’ve been reading him out of order just because I’m reading what I can get for free or next to free before spending money on those things I can’t get without spending money. Not that Harry isn’t worth money. It’s just that I’ve learned that some things I can get for free and I don’t mind reading Harry out of order. It keeps me on my toes.
A Bullshit detector
-CODEBREAKER!
In high school, I couldn’t communicate this issue to my friend very well. It has taken a long time for me to understand it and I think it is something a lot of people still struggle with. It isn’t about the rules. God doesn’t create a lot of rules simply to make our lives boring and to watch us fail. God gives us guidelines for or lives because he loves us. He has created these guidelines to enhance our lives; to give us freedom. He knows what is best for us and wants the best for us. The guidelines he places in our individual lives are so that we can live freely, without the pains and burdens that are of this world.
From childhood's hour I have not been
* Heavy-duty waterproof Polyethylene
6) Apply “Kuzuchi” off balancing in every technique.
This is part of my 'Christmas challenge' (which is to stitch something for Christmas every month of the year so that I don't panic in November!) So far the challenge is going quite well. I'm probably going to make this little guy up into a mini cushion / hanging decoration.
2. I launched a new audiobook series. I am narrating my own stories in a series of audiobook chapters. During this "figure it out" phase, we're serializing one of my short stories, the Booke Cases mystery "Don't Fall For That Trick." We have a fun summer replacement series scheduled, and then I'm hoping this fall to come back with an audiobook version of one of my novels—I just haven't decided yet which one.
2010.09.13 India Poonch 1 0 Islamic terrorists abduct a civilian from his home and murder him.
My Dad calmly responded, "Gee that's interesting. Mind if I call him myself?"
What is in store for me had no clue…
Be warned, I may be limited to haikus until further notice. This is not one of them. But… now that you mention it…
Her gnarled hands caressed Wind
like a curtain of armoured wind,
Emme, Sophie, Ethan, and Carter are seniors at a performing arts school, getting ready for their Senior Showcase recital, where the pressure is on to appeal to colleges, dance academies, and professionals in show business. For Sophie, a singer, it's been great to be friends with Emme, who composes songs for her, and to date Carter, soap opera heartthrob who gets plenty of press coverage. Emme and Ethan have been in a band together through all four years of school, but wonder if they could be more than just friends and bandmates. Carter has been acting since he was a baby, and isn't sure how to admit that he'd rather paint than perform. The Senior Showcase is going to make or break each of the four, in a funny, touching, spectacular finale that only Elizabeth Eulberg could perform.
(That perhaps illustrates the “shambolic” nature of the stewardship).
1/4 cup coconut palm sugar granules
3:11 – Theophylact draws on the comparisons between John the Baptist and Jesus the Christ; pointing out that in baptism, ministry, and death, there are ties in which Christ outshines John, and in which John points the way to Christ. Then, however, he reads a great deal into the statement of not being worthy to bear Jesus’s sandals:
“Overall, this research suggests that although less religious people tend to be less trusted in the U.S., when feeling compassionate, they may actually be more inclined to help their fellow citizens than more religious people,” Willer said.
The music continued. As she began to dance with the stranger, every pause and every impulse was as if they embodied the music. The left-right pulse of his tango walk seemed to pull her into a world in which she could see her life going before her.
the forgiveness of sins,
Instead of focussing on the opportunities to get rid of the regime that they supposedly hate, they fight the revolution against it. Irrational as it may seem, its the case and as such one cannot feel sorry for this country, only pity.
I enjoyed eatinggggggggggg because there's so many good foods! I AM A FOOD MONSTER. ROARRR!
like drops of sweet clementine
To complete the order, two witchy books that I have been anxiously waiting for! Scott Cunningham's book Wicca is where I really started in my studies and I have most of his other titles as well. When the release of Cunningham's Book of Shadows: The Path of an American Traditionalist was first announced I wasn't sure if I wanted to buy it thinking it would be repetition of the books I already had. Then I saw a copy of it and discovered I loved the way the book was laid out. It is a great reference book and certainly a good review of basic teachings. I thought the arrival of this today was fitting. I had been sharing with a friend on facebook that I was doing pretty good with 11 of the 13 Goals of a Witch as written by Scott Cunningham. Now I am finally doing good on the ones pertaining to taking care of our bodies and eating healthy. I had shared my concern about needing to improve these in my blog The Healing Power of Nature as well. By taking better care of my health and feeling better, the other goals are easier to follow and attain. Balance in everything is working.
We invite you to come in next Monday, March 19th (from 11:30 am to 2:00 pm) or on Thursday March 22nd (from 6:30 pm to 8:30 pm) to make this make-a-card project. You'll learn how to stamp on canvas to create this beautiful card with a variety of Impression Obsession stamps (see list below).
Have a fantastic week! xoxoxo Eila
Carole
Once the time is up, place the dishes (one at a time) under the grill for 2 minutes (approx.). Watch it carefully, it doesn't take long to mess up.
“Mahathir’s view and approval would be sought by Khazanah if it wants to sell Proton,” said Ratnam, an analyst in Kuala Lumpur. “He is the adviser and founder of Proton, the company is still very close to his heart even as he has retired.”
¼ tsp almond extract
For the truly broke, this is a dangerous place. You can do a lot of damage in this completely charming store on State Street (http://www.lewisandclarkltd.com/location/). We probably spent at least a half hour browsing through the books, novelties and antiques, but no section is more enthralling than the Christmas ornaments and village pieces. I’m still coveting one of the jewel-toned scarves (couldn’t decided between the deep emerald and the garnet one). Sounds like an excellent excuse to revisit!
Amanda utterly surprised me "when" she wanted to bake the "Peppermint Meringue Cake with Chocolate Butter Cream Frosting" from the 2009 December cover issue of Bon Appetit for Christmas (for her boyfriend and his family!)...!
But if you're a follower or an RSS reader, please come on over to the new site and make yourselves welcome! :)
When grandparents are involved in their grandchildren’s lives they have fewer emotional, social and behavioral problems, according to recent studies. Jerry and Judy Schreur, with their granddaughter, Erin Schreur, encourage creative involvement and building meaningful relationships in their book, Creative Grandparenting: How to Love and Nurture a New Generation. They say the role of the creative grandparent is to be a historian, connector, mentor, role model, nurturer and hero. At each stage of the grandchild’s life, the grandparent can provide love and acceptance, while finding opportunities to pass along their wisdom, values and faith as they share their lives. The Schreurs share principles and inspiration to help grandparents make a difference in their grandchildren’s lives.
8. Dunya Yusin. (See 3).
turns and gives response.
At 07h00 on February 15 I witnessed a smash-and-grab on a stationary motorist at the intersection of Sauer and President streets in the CBD. This incident took place in full view and close proximity to three uniformed JMPD officers standing next to the traffic light outside Luthuli House.
Who you will be five years from now is being shaped by five things:
I had not been to Tokyo 77 for many months, then a week ago I had a dream that Tokyo 77 was closing. Two days later, I took my friend Polo there for breakfast. There was a sign on the door saying " After 30 years, We are Closing. December 18th will be our last day."
I believe in grilling season; in learning new recipes and trying them out. I believe in a perfectly marinated pieced of meat. I believe in pork chops, burgers, brats, grilled pineapple and any vegetable you can think of.
Anyway, hopefully some of these techniques help, and if you guys have questions, feel free to leave them in the comments section, and I will answer them there!
Now Dad just goes about his business like it’s all the same
The fourth Thursday in November is just another day here in France but the Americans are all cooking. The essentials are not hard to come by if you are willing to pay a pretty penny (or centime, that is). I've even seen canned jellied cranberry sauce on the shelves in one or two places.
Another factor is that, despite the best efforts of league organizers at spreading the talent evenly among the teams, there are often powerhouses and cellar dwellers in many soccer leagues. The disparity of talent will result in lop-sided wins or losses. It’s a simple fact that no one will carry you off the field for scoring the winning goal if it happens 3 minutes into the game in an eventual 10-2 blow out. Therefore we can safely eliminate half the games being played because they’re blow outs.
Proto-something or other and the baddest dude on the Sunset Strip.
I will be drawing a name from my list of followers on this blog, my random number generator will be choosing the follower on Thursday at noon! Just hop on over to the right and sign up to follow me on the blog. You will have a chance to win and also get all the new information about sales, classes, give aways and more.
Name: HG World
Her work regularly appeared in The New York Times, she did illustrations for Life and Ladies Home Journal (above). Perl even wrote a humorous book for adults, The Sex Life of the American Female.
Papa depicts the saint in action in the prayer. It is a common enough depiction when a prest or saint is depicted celebrating the Eucharist (as in The Mass of Pope St Gregory). The Eucharist involves action and words. The acts are what we call ritual which are part of the prayer. These acts are not theatrical or performance art. They are far more serious and profound. They are part of the prayer, the Reality and the witness to the Truth:
THE BLANKY – The ultimate blanket for the whole family. The advertising agency that handles that account must be crying themselves to sleep every night after having to produce that gem… A blanket with sleeves hahahaha. I can only imagine what their reaction was when they got the brief!
“Don’t worry. I’ll kill you later.”
I wondered why he suffered in silence and why I never stood up against the injustice and reported the domestic violence that rocked their home daily.
But you said: “You haven’t got no job”.
The one being left
Happy Sunday!!
“I hed in my 3-D hand a 2-D replayable slice of the ongoing DC universe continuum in module form. It felt like there was a whole new cosmology waiting to be explored. My dedication to a new absolute realism was unconditional, and demanded that readers acknowledge the object in their hands and their participatory role in generating the meaning of the story.”
Since those bulky movie and video game cases start to take up crazy amounts of space, and they aren't the most pleasing to the eye, we decided to try out some fantastic acrylic bins with hanging sleeves inside, which I found at one of my favorite happy places, The Container Store:
Nevertheless, Ms Flanders may have highlighted an important point here….but one that I think goes broader than a thing called democracy. It think that, more exactly, there’s a battle for sovereignty going on.
“High Achievers” are those individuals who are among the best, if not the best, in their field. High Achiever Radio is a forum where High Achievers can share their experiences, expertise, false starts and above all their successes.
after the audience left
How I think this ties in with the notion of their being no mistakes, is that sometimes it is possible to use whatever happens in any moment as something useful and beautiful. I had a great time recently where in the middle of one of my songs I completely forgot the words. I stopped the song, held the silence in the air for a while, retried it, still couldn’t remember the lyrics, held my arm up in the air for silence, told everyone it would be worth the wait, then carried on with the song exactly at the point I’d left it once I remembered the lyrics.
Long time no blog.... Sometimes class has to come ahead of the blog. You know so I don't flunk out :) I think sometimes I put too much pressure on myself to write these long fabulous posts that are witty and mind blowing (not that I usually do this haha). Weellll I would love to be able to do that but as I get closer and closer to graduating I seem to have only a small sliver of the time pie left for blogging. BUT back to the fun stuff....
The winner is…
Sarina has owned the Mobigo since last summer, and it's been a steadfast companion whenever we have downtime. It's a terrific little handheld gaming/learning system for young kids (they suggest 3-8, and I agree). Simple to use, with a slide-out QWERTY keyboard, and the game it comes with is very good quality. My daughter has just one other game so far, and it's kept her entertained for months. Every time she finishes a game, she rushes over with excitement to show me her new score.
Those who scream “Consequences!” are tougher to deal with, particularly the ones who take a core of being right, wrap it in a whole lot of wrong, and proceed to try to beat people over the head with it. But for the sake of my sanity we’re going to ignore the screaming and the bludgeoning, and focus on what they are right about:
When you understand the MESSAGE OF GRACE, you walk in the Kingdom of God, and the devil has NO power over you!!!!!
“Everywhere I go, the empire collapses. The State Department is desperately trying to send me to China.” — Gary Shteyngart
Once you have your bag of crawfish, there are several ways to eat them. I prefer them plain. The spicy garlic butter sauce that they are served in is flavorful enough for me. There are several condiments to choose from, such as butter, Sriracha and even mayonnaise. If I am dipping the tail meat in anything, it is fresh lime juice mixed with pepper. I grew up eating blue crab dipped in apple cider vinegar and Old bay, so the lime juice is a similar flavor. Crawfish are best washed down with an ice cold beer, which are available at the grocery store and LA Crawfish is BYOB. After you are stuffed full of crawfish, it is always fun to wander the aisles of the 99 Ranch Market. There are so many exotic foods to choose from and I have been able to find several harder to find Asian items there.
The hole point of this post is about my realisation that i am and you are a BRAND! like Apple , google , or virgin these brands are known for innovation and service
I looked through my older reviews and found a little bit of hostility in the past toward organic beer – not simply because they were organic, but because they were mostly mediocre-to-awful. There was one huge exception – MAD RIVER BREWING’s SCOTCH PORTER, and since GREENS had that on the menu, that’s what I went for right away. Here’s what I had to say about it last time, which I emphatically second now that I’ve had it twice:
Stay With Me by Paul Griffin
No place to work!
The argument I am making in this piece – that the intervention against Qadhafi was a political mistake – can be complemented by others, especially arguments that question the legal basis within the American system for authorizing American involvement and/or that say the intervention in Libya creates a bad precedent for interventions elsewhere. The intervention also exemplifies a double standard, one noted – and often explained in terms that are cynical about US motives in general* – by people around the world. One can accept these arguments or not; I believe the political argument stands on its own.
Accepting the reality of where I’d rather be now
If they are the same beer, and I think there was enough in common for me to believe that, I wonder what made them different. Age, storage, all of that could play a part. Maybe the batches that don't meet a standard get rebadged? The main thing is, if they are the same, how can this price differential be explained? I can only think it's the aura of exclusivity you're paying for, and that alone can be enough to make you want to buy a beer, despite being an otherwise clear-thinking human being.
Put the white chocolate in a heatproof bowl and put the bowl over a saucepan of gently simmering water. Stir frequently to melt the chocolate evenly. Meanwhile, bring 1/2 cup of the heavy cream to a boil.
While LSDJ is Mazzaferri’s program of choice, he admits that its step time sequencer interface creates some challenges when it comes to incorporating the chip sounds with the rest of the band. “That interface tends to be more of a hacker interface and less of a more traditional musical interface, so I think it definitely has a big effect on the music that’s played…You can match up BPM to put things together, but doing swing, like a song that swings a little bit or has a lot of sway to it, is really easy organically, but it’s incredibly hard to match it up exactly the way you want it in Little Sound DJ.”
Googling Antichrist
When I opened up the box... I was so confused as to how in the world the thing works. SO I got my husband (the manual geek) to look it over and tell me how to use it. I know, pathetic. :)
Event + Response = Outcome
These beers are brewed the same day the hops are harvested; no storing, freezing, or 'pelleting'. This adds a very fresh, orange/grapefruit aroma to the beer, and the flavors are abundant with citrus, spice, pine, mint, to name a few.
1 Corinthians 15:34 Awake to righteousness, and do not sin; NKJV
Discount registration rates are available through April 30.
Mustard based BBQ sauces were developed by German immigrants who came to the region in the 18th Century. They were used to that type sauce back in Germany, so they brought it with them. Well, everyone in that part of the country cooks a lot of pork. I mean a lot of pork. And those German immigrants combined their mustard sauces with the pulled pork and an amazing transformation occurred! That smoke cooked pork, already an amazing taste treat by itself, moved up to an alternate plane of existence! The bite of the mustard and the fruitiness of the apple cider vinegar combined to make an awesome sauce that made the pork shine like gold, okay the yellow mustard accounts for the gold color, but it still shines!
...Le tout ensemble...!
PIYO: They were in this case, putar.
Non-contact thermometers are very important to people who work in industries. They protect people from dangerous hazards, such as burns and electric shocks. What is more, these apparatus assure you of high accuracy levels.
One major thing that has changed over the years, though, is the method in which the cows are milked, the milk stored, and how it is transported to the dairy. I've asked Jim's Dad to write about that, so stay tuned for another story from a guest blogger...hopefully soon!
Springdale police were called to Ventura Court after getting a call that Robinson was trying to break into his former wife’s home. Robinson had fled in a white Toyota by the time officers arrived, setting in motion a search, police said.
I’m shocked that there are so many conservative bloggers backing Mitt, and that in a 3-way race, he wins.
I do not recommend it. Ever. Even on my worst enemy. It was c.r.a.z.y. But now we are settled (mostly).
Why Passion?
The answer requires taking a further step back, and to acknowledge one of the powerful imperatives which direct human behaviour - the parental commitment to the development of the child, that all-pervasive contribution to the societal structure of the succeeding generation.
Although it may not seem that way from what we see on out TV screens and on many city streets, native Britons are still by far the majority in this country and they can still be saved. The majority of native Britons never voted for multiculturalism and are deeply suspicious of it, they resent and oppose mass immigration and they are seriously concerned about the rise of Islam. They also worry deeply about the sort of country their children will inherit.
It may surprise you because its not paranormal. Its not even YA. It's called: This Is Graceanne's Book, A novel by P.L. Whitney.
I just sprayed two sheets of phyllo with canola oil, put on about 2 T of the same filling I make for Lasagna (including the carrot and greens), and folded them up, occasionally spraying with oil as I folded.
We recall that in May 2011 the first speculations and rumors about the new subscription service Elite came to light. Gradually, it became clear that this is in the Call of Duty World entirely new subscription model. Initially it was assumed that the addition of elite service for all platforms to be available and everyone really have the opportunity would come to enjoy the free features. As a result, more and more information has been announced and made promises that were not met until today. Finally, the beta starts, for themselves known within a very short time more than two million volunteers. From then on it was the first unrest within the community, because initially only the XBoxler for the beta was released, and then the PS3ler while the PC fraction with the well-known “soon” back could do.
There's a running subplot in this book about people thinking Nikki was on drugs, due to her sudden disappearance, weight loss, and social withdrawal, and I couldn't help but laugh. Not at the subplot itself--it could have been interesting if done well--but at the fact that a growing trope in YA seems to be very quiet, meek good girls who seem to think they're bad girls. It started with Bella Swan on a motorcycle, and it's trickled through pretty much everywhere, especially in paranormal romance and contemporary "issue" books. I think it's an attempt to give characters depth, but the whole thing rings so false when all the characters do is kiss tenderly and speak of everlasting love that it's one of my least favorite tropes, even in otherwise decent books. Since I was well beyond the point of thinking this was a decent book anyway, it just made it that much harder to slog through till the end.
The dream of an Israeli bomb was ambitious indeed, but it spurred Rothschild to keep abreast of all things nuclear so he could pass on the data to the Weizmann Institute, which was planning a nuclear reactor at Dimona in the Negev Desert.
The (Jewish) American comedian Lewis Schaffer, who grew up in New York, says that, in his neighbourhood (or, if you insist, his neighborhood), he never heard the word “nigger” used at all when he was growing up – it was just never used by the Jews he knew. They said “schwarz” (ie black). When (as a child) he first realised ‘nigger’ was a ‘banned’ word – a ‘shocking’ word – he had an overwhelming urge to run down the street shouting it out repeatedly (though he did not). Not as a term of abuse to black people, but just because he had suddenly found a word which could potentially shock adults. He wanted to use a ‘bad’ word; he did not have racist thoughts.
F. = Friday
Thanks for popping by my blog today, please pop on over to the challenge blog and check out my team mates fabulous creations.
Hélène will be joined by Peter Braat, cofounder of wildearth.tv, a native of the Netherlands who has traveled from South Africa to install dencams in the enclosures of the WCC's 4 breeding pairs – all in hopes of capturing the first-ever live, web-streamed birth of wolf pups!
Moments just pop up in my head. & I can’t help it, but to talk about them. Like last time, after PE ( Physical Education ), I ran up to my friend, & I was like ” Chinen Yuri is cute ~ ” & She was like ” What? ” Haha. Nywwaah. I have a pretty nice life. Ahh. ~ & during lunch break, I had a cucumber & I started eating it all fancy. ( Duno how to explain it ) & my friends were laughing. Don’t I have a pretty nice sense of humor? Haha . just Joking ~
Disaster! Misery! Catastrophe! There was no time to go shopping (and I can't even remember if shops were open on Sundays back in 1991) Laura's mum had nothing suitable for me to borrow. 'There's nothing else for it,' said Laura. 'You'll have to wear this.'
Uneven hem and twisted crossover back straps
Wonder Boy sang these songs for me on the way home from school this afternoon:
The thing's a body's ain.
some things just can't be done effectively in 100 charaters!
After office hours, I usually buy something from French Baker, then eat it along the way. Just today, I bought my favorite pizza from their branch in Megamall. I was almost halfway eating the pizza when I realized that the bread seemed to taste unusual. That pizza was a stale one! I was already on my way home and can’t afford to go back to their store. My God, I was really disappointed and annoyed. I was craving to eat that pizza, and I was, ohh sooooo hungry, and yet I can’t eat what I bought! How could they serve a stale bread? I really have to go back there tomorrow. I don’t know if I could hold my temper once I got there..
An illustrated interactive pop-up book of short stories. I guess you'll outgrow this one at around age 7, unless you're like me and still giggle when you open the cover and a winged Pegasus pops out to say hello! It's got a sparkly cover, so perfect for little girls.
If we were thirsty and had no waterskin, he would teach us about the plants whose roots carried beads of moisture. When a mountain-ash fell, we learned carpentry, splitting off the bark, sanding and shaping the wood that was left. I made an axe handle, and Achilles the shaft of a spear; Chiron said that soon we would learn to forge the blades for such things.
It's a fact world over: boys are favored. It's shown in so many ways. The startling disparity in the number of boy babies and girl babies born in places like India and China. Naturally, the divide should be 105 boys for every 100 girls. One province of China has 163 boys born for every 100 girls, and nationally it's 118 boys. In India, upwards of 300,000 pregnancies with girls are terminated yearly. There are 7 million more boys under the age of six than girls. Even in the United States, the vast number of people say they want a boy (in a Gallup poll of 1,020 people, almost twice as many said they would prefer a boy). It's shown in the 23.5% wage differential in the U.S. and the fact that women with children are less likely to be hired in a position than equally qualified fathers. It's shown in the ratio of male to female lawmakers (in Congress and Senate the ratio is 445 to 93). It's shown in the way that women's health issues have become such a sticking point in the election (it's 2012 and we're still fighting for health care?). It's shown in the fact that it's an insult to "throw like a girl." In the fact that the "dumb blonde" of jokes is always a woman. It shows in the way that toy makers coat all "girl" toys in pink, while leaving the "boy" counterparts as accurate representations of what cars or tools or animals look like. In a study of over 5,000 children's books, boy characters outnumbered girl characters by 1.6 to 1. In the top 100 movies in 2008, only 33% of speaking roles went to women. Girls have so much emphasis placed on their looks their entire lives, and again, that matters: a 2009 study found that being overweight harms a woman's chances for career advancement but presents no such obstacle for men. The United Nations proclaimed that there "are no societies in which women enjoy the same opportunities as men" (emphasis mine). It shows when companies make t-shirts that boast "I'm too pretty to do homework" or "pretty like mommy" (while the boy version was "smart like daddy" - because neither girls nor mommies can be smart?). It shows when a female writer chooses to write about Harry Potter instead of Harriet Potter (don't get me wrong: I love Hermoine. But the book isn't based on her.). Of the Time list of the 100 Most Influential People in the World, only 38 are women. Boys are the "heirs;" girls are the "spares." It's generally assumed that women can't drive, change a tire, fix a computer, or enjoy sports.
Heathcliff! Seriously, even Heathcliff agrees that he actually likes Hareton. If only Hareton wasn’t a person Heathcliff had set out to ruin…
I've been wanting a set of candles in canning jars. Obviously candles should be in canning jars. Everything else works well in canning jars. But I didn't really want to buy a bunch of beeswax and melt it down myself. I can get really awesome 100% beeswax candles at my co-op with my employee discount, so there 's really no reason to make candles myself (this is me talking myself out of making things from scratch that I can easily buy).
For the newly-posted one (which you can find here), I thought I would do something a bit different. Whereas most of my posts are on the latest cryptozoological news or book reviews, I figured that once a month or so I would do a post that reveals how a particular cryptozoologist got into the subject.
Who can say what we’ll find
8) The Psychedelic Aliens- We’re Laughing- 3:03
Label (when issued): Hickory
Emily loved the game, wanting to persist each time until a quest was won. The graphics are very nice and help to keep interest high. Emily was motivated to beat her score each round. I felt that the program was motivating for her, yet didn’t waste a lot of time in non-productive game activities. She did wish for more different “quests,” however. I think more storylines would have added more interest to the game. After a while, she was bored to hear the same story over and over again.
Stamp Sets: Happy Greetings (retired)
Add buttershots if you desire. It just makes it a little richer that's all. But careful it will spatter a little.
“I’m not being over the top here, I fear the Obama gang is setting themselves up to steal the elections if possible,” Fitton said. “The most problematic area here is the Justice Department.”
You’re asking for trouble;
With some help and kindness from us they fight the elements, getting through the hardships of winter to reward us with a beautiful song at the onset of spring.
On to something a little less exciting...this week's menu
Date: 23 May 2012, 11:00-17:00, UEL, Docklands campus, room EB.1.03, free.
2010, you made me smarter, by showing me how stupid I am. It's been a hell of thing, being out there alone, and trying to figure things out...especially after I thought I had things all figured out. I made my decisions based on a frail mix of past experiences, instinct, and common sense. And this would work fine for me until I realized I had been being completely inefficient; burning up money, hours, and my teetering sanity. Then, one moment at a time the pieces would start to come together, and I would quietly curse myself and let in a smile, if only for a moment. And to think now that I have it all figured out would be ridiculous. I'm sure that in six months ill be feeling many of these same frustrations with my past self. For as smart as I like to think I am, I sure am a fucking idiot sometimes.
"It'll be good for me." He needed reasoning, needed to understand why, but I couldn't give that to him. I knew just about as much as he did.
Alas, sometimes you have to wait until a project is done before you understand that it is done wrong as well as lack of knowledge, abilities or capabilities is the reason. Then you have to both resolve the training problem and ensure the assignment will get done.
That cottage was a lifesaver for me that summer of 2001. No matter what transpired during the week, I’d look forward to the weekends at the cottage and I’d leave early on the Friday from work, leave the shop in the hands of my employees for a few hours until closing and couldn’t wait to get there. I’d unload everything with my son helping, got the groceries put away, then I’d make myself a nice cold drink and head out to the deck and just let the whispering white pines, the view of the lake and the sunshine do their magic. I’d put some music on, watch the sun reflect across the water and just be so thankful I’d been introduced to this place. It truly was magical!
This is what you call a Light Bulb Moment.
magic bullets or hiding evidence under
I really admire Alicia, the artist and the person. Like so many of us, she does her best to balance her art/blog with her day job (talented web designer) and her family life. Not an easy feat for sure. But she always pushes herself and goes the extra mile. She has created her own, beautiful zine Altered Bits. She is involved in some amazing collaborations as both a participant and as a host. And most admirable of all, she is starting a non-profit art group for children with aspergers syndrome and autism. Not every artist is a sharer, but Alicia is generous and giving of her time, her skills, and her heart. There is a good chance that I will meet her in person at a book release event in the Northwest. I am so looking forward to that!
come, buy and eat!
My first TED was TedXAustin 2010. I thought the energy in the room was tremendous, the speakers and attendees were equally amazing, and I was infatuated with connecting to the awesome people I had met. My second TED was TedXUT 2010, in which I was the live tweeter. Live-tweeting for a conference is extremely mentally draining. Not only must one pay full attention all the time at the conference, one much also quickly synthesize the content and post it into short 140 character messages. I also respond and join conversations when I'm live-tweeting, which makes it only about a million times for difficult.
One style that many homeowners and decorators choose is convertible a wood coffee table. These are the perfect choice for those with limited space. Convertible wood coffee tables have a wide variety of uses while still being very attractive. Some people may not be aware of what a convertible coffee table is. There are many versions of these tables such as those with an adjustable height. This is just one example, however. This particular style is very practical for a member of the home that can't reach the table to eat due to size or illness.
“I’d gathered that,” Nik said. “Is there any more information outside of that presented on the vid?”
Less slums, more farms.
Military planners at the Ministry of Defence have decided to fit high-velocity rockets with a range of 5km to several apartment blocks close to the Olympic Park. This weekend they informed the occupants of the Lexington Building apartment complex in Bow that a missile battery would be installed this week.
Memories closed in like a blizzard of snow.
Alayne F. Gentul, 44, Mountain Lakes, N.J.
Still raining and very windy Monday morning.
“Crystals of barium chloride containing radium are colorless, but when the proportion of radium becomes greater, they have a yellow color after some hours, verging on orange, and sometimes a beautiful pink.”
And I’ll taste every moment
This weeks Challenge we want you to be minimalistic, so you can only use :
Here is the inspirational picture.
Guides are a rare breed. They will inspire you. They will make a comment that nudges you in the right direction. They teach in a different way. They don’t need to be prescriptive because you admire what they do and you know they bring you something different.
Some friends were coming over for “Merienda” which is afternoon tea in Spain, so it was a good opportunity to bake a cake. My Spanish pals do make me smile as when we get together for coffee and cakes, they always mention what a lovely English custom it is. I smile and agree, secretly thinking that I could probably count on the fingers of one hand the number of occasions I stopped for a proper afternoon tea when I lived in England. Oh well, I am certainly making up for it now.
assorted buttons & cardboard heart
If our conversation was moving along smoothly, the same can’t be said for the labeling machine on the day of my visit. On the phone Jack mentioned that the line was acting up (“glitchy” was the word he used, I think) and when I arrived at the shop, nothing had changed. Indeed, as it turned out, the day’s bottling work was cancelled, with the Del Norte crew (five or so by my count) vowing to get with the manufacturer of the bottling equipment to see if a solution could be found so that bottling might resume later in the week. Through all this, Jack had a smile on his face, chatting amiably with me about Del Norte beer, craft beer, Colorado beer, Mexican beer and the vagaries of trying to make a go of it in a crowded craft beer market.
I go first and vote Jenny, Simon follows.
Gold Freedom Organic Dark Lager 4.7
It is based on the real-life case of a pair of brothers of the same names, who were found dead amongst their piles of collected detritus in 1947, Langley having barricaded them in and fallen into one of the many traps he set for intruders. Doctorow takes some fictive liberties with their story, including that of reversing their ages and extending the brothers' lives into the late 1970s or early 1980s.
Isn’t it funny, Doyle wanted to be thought of as a serious author? I’d say he achieved that. He wanted critical acclaim and didn’t feel his popular series gave him that. Boy, was he wrong. If he could only see what’s been done with these two famous and long-lived characters. His body of work is quite substantial. King Edward VII, a huge Sherlock Holmes fan, Knighted Doyle (at the age of forty-three) for his service to the crown and work during the Boer Wars (including a non-fiction book written about his findings as a doctor).
This week's pickings:
I have 2 extra copies of this issue and would love to give them away. So, if you would like one just leave me a comment on this post and I will pick 2 names on Tuesday. I leave for my Spellbinders retreat Wednesday, so I will have to mail them out when I return.
This has to be one of the nicest community runs in Sydney. Organised by Canterbury Council as part of their Australia Day fair, it attracted a great mix of entrants from the very young, running or walking with their parents, to the inspirational veteran Derek White of Woodstock Runners. The course is through parkland, nicely flat and following the Cooks River for most of the way. This morning the river was looking particularly scenic in soft light under a cloudy sky. The clouds also helped to keep the temperature down - a real blessing after the recent 40+°C days.
03 Call Any Vegetables 8:38
If I write the stories, I could lose all the friends. If I don't write the stories, I could end up with a lame blog full of things my kids say. So I guess the question is, how much do I really like these people?
If I continue to do this PSP, only a small change will happen globally. If everyone stopped charging their phones overnight and used their stoves intelligently, hundreds of people’s negative impact will disappear and fossil fuel usage can go down at most 2%; this is a big deal .
Really, that’s an exaggeration. My touch of incontinence doesn’t result in the kind of fashionable gushers we’ve recently seen in concert from a certain female singer for the Black Eyed Pees (spelling?). The difficulty I have isn’t the uncontrollable release that wetted Fergie in the midst of all her booming and powing; rather, what I’ve experienced is the drop or two trickle that lies in wait until I’m all zipped up and heading back to my desk. It’s not outwardly noticeable, and I don’t think it’s causing any kind of hazardous spill that could injure or sicken my co-workers. It’s just that warm, then cold, moistness that suddenly shocks your upper thigh and reminds you a little too vividly of what it was like to be young. Very young.
Do bears ask to be chained up and made to dance?
I treated myself to some creamy but strong tasting Scottish Crowdie – a cow’s milk cheese made in Lanarkshire and lovely with oatcakes. The goat’s cheese rolled in ash caught my eye too, but was a bit pricey.
Yeesh. If there were one tax we desperately need, it is this one.
So the great question of life is, “Do I love Christ — am I committed to Him in such a way that I will serve, follow, and obey Him regardless of the cost to me?”
"Eileen? What's your obsession with that piece?"
True Believers, the effects of morality on unconventional warfare.
Hi, my name is Angela and I live in Connecticut. I have been card making and blogging for over a year now and enjoying every minute of it. My husband, Brian, and 2 daughters Elena and Christina are very supportive of my hobby. I'm so excited to be on this team working with such amazing ladies and to get to work with my favorite stamps - Magnolia!
cheap to make
I'll give Lisa the last word for this post:
When in Gaucholandia, I do as the gauchos do ...I drink mate. As delicious as mate is on a morning in the pampas, however, I sometimes feel a little under caffeinated. On those occasions, my thoughts turn to espresso.
When we are running the race of faith, there are times when we get weary. So weary that we want to give up and stop running. But God, who is our STRENGTH tells us in this verse to keep on running the race. Even though you are tired, I will give you fresh strength. I will help you finish the race! When God gives you strength to keep pressing on, you feel like you are soaring like an eagle! You are ready to continue the great race of faith.
The digital specialist asserts that great digital experiences or utilities are the answer.
14 June Rose Waltz
In summation, I must conclude that all actions are natural. Furthermore, that the human striving toward the truth is only ostensibly different than a fledgling sapling reaching toward the sun so that it may most perfectly be a tree. Indeed, all is life, and life seeks what it must. All is good, all is natural, all is a process.
The Council must now revert the libraries to the way they were prior to September 2011, including a return of all paid staff, a return of the Library Management System and the return of staff counters. All ten libraries are once again part of the Core Managed Library Network.
Also Le Corbusier’s “towers-in the- park” concepts were influencing planning thinkers, and the concept of incentive zoning—trading additional floor area for public amenities—began to be put forward. The idea was to emulate the perceived success of The Seagram Building is a skyscraper, located at 375 Park Avenue, designed by Ludwig Mies van der Rohe, in collaboration with Philip Johnson, with its public plaza. There was also increasing architectural research on maximizing sunlight, and not just skylight as in the 1916 ordnance.
Chargers won 35-8! Great game and dedication was shown through the players even with the rain.
The clincher that got the odious and untrustworthy Derek Clarke elected was the huge gain in publicity as a result of Ian Gilman standing down to let Robert Kilroy Silk in at number two. There was no real hope of a second MEP in the East Midlands, and in fact even a first MEP was in doubt without a great deal of luck.
No, I couldn't possibly have heard him right, "What?!"
You see, you keep posting lovely pictures of your surroundings, of flowers and critters, and that made me wish I could have better pictures of things from around here, instead of the usual crappy ones that I post.
Now, I know I can look at this in a more, glass-half-full way. My son is healthy! My husband was not stranded for long because he called me on his cell and I went and go t him. My son’s room is on its way to becoming a young man’s room and not the pre-teen room it was previously. And, all the other visits, of friends and family, were wonderful! And still one more to go! We still haven’t planned an anniversary celebration, much less trip, but that’s ok.
Ta Keo is deemed as a giant temple mountain based from inscriptions which identified it as “the mountain with golden peaks”. It stands out for being the first of such great undertakings to be completely built with sandstone, hence its orangey color. Its appearance looks massive because it was not finished, and the temple carvings inside had only begun when the work on the temple stopped.
Your two personalised napkins will be dispatched to you asap!!!
But critics have warned of possible side effects – including the possibility of unforeseen consequences for the government – if too much urine is extracted out of the public too quickly.
Don’t believe me? OK. Do you really think your Gods are only present when you call them, wearing the right clothes and performing the correct rituals? Our ancestors saw the spiritual (in terms of real, named spirits) everywhere. From the water in the cooler to the energy in the computer wires. The natural world is where we live, even if it’s concrete, glass and granite.
Critical Beats: Innovation and the Past
Okay.....
I tentatively took a bite. The sandwich is mostly bread and those pickles. As I chewed the meat, I tried to find the words to explain what I was eating. The meat literally tasted like nothing. There were no juices, no flavor, no nothing. It tasted like thick, wet cardboard. Or, to put it another way, it tasted like those rib sandwiches you had in school lunch that no one ever really ate.
Second, and this is for my fellow Canucks (if you’re wondering what that is/means you probably aren’t one!), you know how you always hear about design blogger meet ups in cities like Chicago and NYC and you always wonder – why not one here too? Well, Viatania of Verdigris de Vie, Daniella of Dress Design and Decor, and Jennifer of Rabling Renovators are in the midst of coordinating a Canadian Designer Blogger meet-up taking place in Toronto! I just got an email from them that the date will be November 20th with location/more details to come. The ladies are also setting up a site (which should go live next week) to keep us all updated but in the meantime, if you’re interested, you can drop them a line at cdndesignbloggers(at)gmail.com to be added to the mailing list. I’ll be going and I hope if you’re a Canadian design blogger, and you can make it, that you go too! I’d love to finally meet some of you in person.
"We go to earth to learn our lessons
(P.S. This post formed in my head as I finally took a hot, hot shower, letting the past few days and weeks rinse over me; as I got out and wrapped myself in warm pajamas, I was overwhelmed with the scent of Brut…. *tear* Things always end up all right, don't they?)
for the Spinach:
The third time we fucked, I took her from behind. She was on her right side, with her ass pressed back against me. Her left leg was in the air, giving my hand perfect access.
This series has been a strange and beautiful thing in my life, and I’ll always love Sookie. No matter what.
Micah - Telling her mean stuff
Hands down the best food I have had in Amsterdam so far. Flo is a French Brasserie concept restaurant, with plenty of fresh seafood and typical French dishes, the food is excellent quality with excellent presentation. The restaurant has a great atmosphere and really gives the busy Parisian bistro vibe, best of all is the gorgeous art nouveau setting.
“Christmas is not a time or a season, but a state of mind. To cherish peace and good will, to be plenteous in mercy, is to have the real spirit of Christmas.” Calvin Coolidge
Wishing a Happy Mother's Day to all you incredible Mothers out there!
Here's some ideas to get you started on giving yourself some TLC today. Best part? They're FREE!
Lieutenant Colonel Leonard Hlathi said 15 charges would be added against Vusi Mdakane, 52, when he appears in the Nelspruit Magistrate's Court on April 4.
This morning, before my 21k, I ate a small helping of oatmeal for breakfast and I swear that stuff is magic. I felt great, no pain, and enough energy to go even further. My diet has been changing by sure but steady steps. I was recently inspired by a visiting friend, who is always in amazing shape, but ate like crap. He recently changed his intake, looks great and sincerely seemed to appreciate what he ate. So, I watched and determined that salads over fatty carbs, and nuts and water over candy and other crap helps me feel so much better. I eat yoghurt and homemade granola everyday (this goes back about a year).
Doesn't that sound great?!
Without ambition one starts nothing. Without work one finishes nothing. The prize will not be sent to you. You have to win it. The man who knows how will always have a job. The man who also knows why will always be his boss. — Ralph Waldo Emerson
According to the rules, I'm supposed to share seven things about myself, then pass the award on to fifteen blogs I've recently discovered.
So we make both boys get dressed & sit down to explain. Both boys decided to see if you could fill a water gun with pee. Then undecided on how to then rid the gun of pee got the brilliant idea to take turns shooting each other with it. I know. I know.
Until next time, aspire to be more as an artist and person.
My favorites ended up being the Yes to Blueberries towelettes (convenient when I’m super lazy at night or if I feel gross at all, this has its own spot on my night stand AND I got a double pack of Yes to Cucumbers on sale, remember that last post?) and the Taylor Swift perfume (it smells very youthful, almost like a VS body mist but its still a fun sweet scent).
My legs dragged themselves away from the lapping sea, the clinging sand creeping on me, stinging my skin as I walked to where I knew not of.
“Aspire to Inspire before you Expire!”
I did so well the first time around, I had to try this recipe again but make sure that I got the syrup and the Paradise Seeds. Once again, the primary fermentation lasted about 10-11 days. I got the final gravity down nice and low, but this batch was sweet, sweet, sweet. Too sweet for me. I mix this with my Arrogant Bastard clone and call it "Monkenstein".
These half lashes give an nice emphasis to the outer corner of the eyes, which is perfect for cat-eye make-up.
