Mr Smith ends his piece with his own line of commentary, which I think is suitable to end this piece too.
I started to realize in a tangible sense why some parents take the “easy” route to feeding.
interested in renovating anddecorating a double apartment he bought in Cannes,
Tensions had been heightened at the beginning of the decade by regular reporting of scenes at Sangatte, home to the newly opened Channel Tunnel. By 2002, it had become home to a ramshackle refugee camp attracting thousands of would-be asylum seekers, and people traffickers exploiting their dreams of a new life in Britain.
Time of Ja’s life: Kinder to Grade School
I DO hope they can see many, many options for getting where they need to go in life. Options like apprenticeships and working part-time to fund travel adventures and self study and on and on the list goes. I hope they trust themselves enough to know that college isn't some mystical and fearful place, just another option in an endless list of options.
Moving around daily by bike, does require planning, especially for a particularily heavy or awkward, large load. But probably no more time, than cruising around in a car and trying to find a parking spot in a busy shopping neighbourhood area. It helps to live near at least a bike route that does not have much car traffic or any at all especially when you are loaded down with an extra 30-40 lbs. of groceries and household goods.
And I cannot help but give myself to this Love, Your Love
The NRC license allows for the production of up to an initial 1 million pounds per year from the Churchrock/Crownpoint project until the company is able to successfully demonstrate restoration of groundwater, after which the quantity of production can be increased to 3 million pounds per year.
But this is the logical language, what is the AI going to “think”?
-Wonder Under or fusible web of choice (Wonder Under can be purchased by the yard at any fabric store)
On January 5, 2012, NARF hosted a group of interdisciplinary research fellows from the Harvard Law School Environmental Law Program and Harvard Water Security Initiative. The researchers are writing a background paper on water allocation and management in the Colorado River Basin and are consulting NARF because of NARF's expertise on tribal water rights and the pros and cons of litigation versus settlement of those rights.
But alas, my game plan suffered a fatal flaw. As the Girl Guides say ‘always be prepared’; and it seemed this reveller left without her party map. Rather than spending the next few weeks praying that incriminating photos make it onto Facebook (that hush money is in the post girls), I’ve decided instead to share some insider information on dressing for the occasion.
Is there no change of death in paradise?
Earl, even more so than normal, went down a storm with an audience primed by 40 minutes or so of surreal comedy and who now had unleashed on them his highly sophisticated crooning, jazz, satiric folk music and a version of Wheatus’ song I’m Just a Teenage Dirtbag, Baby sung as a bossa nova. The result, before my eyes, was a British comedy audience transformed into some kind of energetically-enthusiastic whooping American TV audience.
He says
Ranch dressing
I hate saying that.
I’d do it again. It was so much fun. And giving was equally fun as receiving. Sending a gift to someone you barely know is SO FUN. Seriously, check it out.
Among the speakers was Liz Cheney, a former State Department official and daughter of George W. Bush's vice president. There was widespread applause for her attacks on Barack Obama including when she said the president is more interested in "containing Israel" by discouraging it from attacking Iran than blocking Tehran from developing a nuclear bomb. There was also applause when she said there was no president who had done more to "undermine and delegitimise" Israel. There were loud cheers when she predicted that the next Aipac conference will be held under a new US president.
Sweetest love flowed in a midnight of September.
At first I didn’t really want to watch this drama even though it had JGS (and his awfully cute smile) because of the plot. Honestly the 70′s!? That was my initially reaction. Who’s going to watch that!? Because I don’t like old people drama I didn’t really consider watching it. Turns out most of South Korea did the same.
And there it is, an Easter Drawstring Gift Bag. Finished size 7.5 x 11 inches. I ironed over the printing to set the ink.
Too often we hear how we as writers are expected to MARKET OURSELVES.
Oh. Wait. One more thing about last night. As we were heading down to dinner, I happened to glance over at the front desk, and who should be standing there in serious conversation with the concierge, but Clive Owen. In the rumpled, work-out-clothes-wearing, still-sexy-as-hell flesh. Yes.
who wears bright colours is having a party for her husband
Notice the rebuke is directed, at first, toward Abraham, not Sarah. “And the Lord said to Abraham, ‘Why did Sarah laugh? ’” (Genesis 18:13). In essence, God is saying, “Hey husband, why is your wife laughing at such a wonderful promise? What have you been telling her?”
Floor patrol was my next job. All this entailed was walking around the venue and getting security if anyone was drunk and disorderly (it’s a beer festival, isn’t everybody?). While I was doing my rounds I was suddenly grabbed by a brewer who all of a sudden yelled “this man took my pint glass off of my stand!” The man he was talking about was clearly blitzed and tried to convince me that he “traded for the pint glass.” This was a job for security and I told the brewer to keep the man there while I got help. The cavalry came soon enough and diffused the situation by kicking the man out of the festival completely. The day was saved.
While steam cleaning is a rare occurrence in my home, thankfully the running of the washing machine and dishwasher is not. Again, total fluke. I’m leaning into the counter/dishwasher mindlessly chopping carrots and a few seconds later my attention to the vibrations on my pelvis pique my awareness. I remember thinking to myself, “Well, isn’t that something… perhaps not enough to get me off but certainly well enough to make culinary chores much more enjoyable!”
In short, its importance cannot be understated.
To Bermuda, Bahama come on pretty mama
“We don’t believe it, but we would support it if it were true!
Option: mix goat cheese with cream cheese
The final icing on the cake of our journey was a visit to a restaurant where you can dine while enjoying traditional Okinawan music. Does this mean that if you listen to surprise musical performances of the DGS ending theme “Kiseki” and of “Happy Birthday”, and if you dance a traditional kachāshī dance**, then you’ll feel completely happy…?
Oh… and there’s more but I don’t want to give it all away pick up your copy and see for yourself!
Leviticus 19:27, for example, condemns haircuts and shaving. How many long-haired, bearded males attend your local Church? Or to put it another way, do we have agonised debates about Ministers who might have short hair?
Sources: youtube, wikipedia, legacy.com
The epic, trailblazing HBO show lasted for six seasons, winning a slew of Emmys, Golden Globes and Directors’ Guild Awards along the way
Susan Huie, 43, Fair Lawn, N.J.
I remember being at mile 17 and it was 8:31 – I was pleased I was managing a steady pace, then mile 18 and it was 8:29, 19 was 8:28. I was so chuffed that I was sticking to a pace strategy and still feeling good. I figured I could probably push it for the last 5 – 6 miles.
Karen Hirst
In this post, I wanted to cover the most basic list of things you ought to look into. Stuff that will serve you irregardless of rules, maybe even irregardless of setting or genre. This list ought to help you generate ideas.
It's what we do.
MILK CRATES? The “beds” are 1 cubic ft. recycled plastic milk crates lined with landscape fabric, filled with soil and compost. The milk crates are ergonomic, have enough depth to grow shallow vegetables like lettuces and taller ones like tomatoes, which require a greater depth.
Jack-"You died."
My Birthday Cake Oreo Cheesecake Tartlet has a Birthday Cake Oreo crust, but you can barely see the sprinkles in crust, because the cookies were crushed. I pre-baked the crust and poured a light version of cheesecake in the crust, topped with chopped Birthday Cake Oreos, and baked to perfection. Oh, Yum! I got two tarlets, and six mini Cheesecakes, made in the mini muffin tin from this recipe. This cheesecake can also be frozen. If you double this recipe, you can make this recipe in cupcake tins with liners, and one whole birthday Cake Oreo for the crust.
So, thank you, again…in celebration, I decided to post a song…a song that has not a whole lot to do with celebrating and parties, but it always puts me in a good mood when I hear it, makes me wanna party and maybe it will do the same for you, too. Plus, it says something about wanting to be an “everlasting light” to someone in it and that’s a happy thought, just like the 400 hits! That’s the name of the song, too. (I listened to this album while working on a new oil paint work, recently. I will post those pics and vids, eventually.)
Although the NYT is at times a questionable source, you'll find in reading the entire article extensive research and analysis of data and several telling anecdotal stories, all of which reinforce the central claim of the story- that the Obama administration is engaging on an increased level in quid pro quo corruption where people trade campaign donations in exchange for access and policy decisions in their favor.
This is Mrs. Wife's favorite building in New York. Doesn't she have great taste?! They've taken a portion of Broadway in front of The Flatiron away from the taxis and traffic and turned it into public space. It's a fantastic place to sit and whittle away a few hours.
This year, more than most I am shocked at how we are already less than two weeks away from Christmas.
They were BigBoy and Spunky
On the brightside, the series will continue with a new protagonist in Dead is a Battlefield. I hope the light tone and fun mysteries will continue in the next installment. I also hope that we get a sneak peek at what some of favorite characters are doing now.
Alice Walker has written the most amazing children's book, To Hell With Dying, a true story about her childhood neighbor, Mr. Sweet. Over and over, he'd be at death's door, and Alice's father would say, "To hell with dying. These children want Mr. Sweet!" And she and her brothers and sisters
Someone with whom to share your passions (predominantly writing-related, in our case, but by no means limited to that).
Tess, daughter of a blacksmith, has visions of the future, but she still doesn't expect to be accused of witchcraft, forced to flee with her two best friends, or offered shelter by the handsome and enigmatic Garth Huntsman, a warden for Dragonswood. But Garth is the younger prince in disguise and Tess soon learns that her true father was fey, making them the center of an exciting, romantic adventure, and an ancient prophecy that will bring about peace between all three races - dragon, human, and fairy.
Deer Park, NY 11729
SB: All right, Lord. And just for our listeners’ information, if I’m correct—and I’m sure you’ll correct me if I’m not—the Divine Mother is the Divine Energy and the Holy Father is the formless Godhead, Creator. Am I correct?
Well now, this playoff season is turning out to be quite interesting, with some great hockey. Lets hope it continues on. All I know is I am not on my game this year compared to last year. I picked 5 of 8 series winners correctly with none of the game predictions. Yikes. I do need to say I had a feeling about the Capitals, but it wasn’t enough to warrant picking against the Bruins. And I will say I’m incredibly happy my Preds are continuing on! So without further ado, my picks for the Semis:
- (plus I added a tin of chopped tomatoes)
Webber and Day’s paintings are in museum collections across the world. To have the pair however is very unusual and the only other pair in the public domain (apart from ours) are in the Yale Centre for British Art.
The fish rots from the head down, of course. DOJ is run by Eric Holder, the Beltway swamp creature who won bipartisan approval for his nomination -- even after putting political interests ahead of security interests at the Clinton Justice Department in pushing presidential pardons for both big donor Marc Rich and several Puerto Rican FALN terrorists.
The success of such social structures would then ensure that the gene would spread.
The Blurb says it all in this case, anything more would be a spoiler and I wouldn't want to do that! Though I must say - I much prefer the US cover (top) to the UK, but I'll let you be the judge *grins*
So I search for amrita
"It's cold out there, isn't it son"?
“Well, no, he’s magic. I can’t see him.”
The man in the beaver hat removes his cloak and hands it to the colonel. Is everything ready?
Savage Beauty Pressures
I found this shimmer body balm in Bodycare when I was looking for some cheap Christmas presents (deffo a classy gal, me!). It instantly reminded me of Benefit's 'take a picture... it lasts longer...' but at just £4 is five times less expensive than it's designer counterpart. I've never actually tried the Benefit version so I'm afraid I can't give much insight to the comparison of the two but here are my thoughts on this cheapie alternative!
The two pieces of genuine pornography I have watched in my life were in a hotel room in Spain, late at night. There was a lock on the TV, so the dirty channels would turn off after 2 minutes of steamy action. My friend stayed up for 3 hours, turning the telly on and off again, hopefully not knuckle-shuffling away in the bed next to mine. The bits I saw, before plugging in an MP3 player and going to sleep were thoroughly disturbing and also a little bit hilarious. A German man and a woman are in a field, both inexplicably naked. The man has a hard on. He points to a flower in the grass. "Smell that flower," he says through subtitles. The girl bends down, giving it a good sniff. No sooner has she gotten a big 'ol waft of the flower's scent than the man's shaft is up her arse. "OH," she says. Oh indeed.
They had no interest in hearing Nonie, a former Muslim or Simon, a former Muslim slave tell their powerful stories.
I am linking my fellow blogger & girlfriend, The Sybarite. A fellow educator and shopaholic. She too, is very amused after reading the article and comment from "EMPTY". Made our lazy Sunday very colorful indeed!
First of all, the comments from the pop quiz were awesome!!! Thanks to all who read and commented. Even if you don't comment, thanks for reading!
In the Hammer, Gignomai or Gig, is a member of the met'Oc, a family of nobles in exile on an island colony. This island colony pays dues to 'The Company'.
At first it was one of those WWDD moments (what would Dracula do) where there was an amusing mental image of such annoyances disappearing in a flutter of cape fabric. But then I realized this was actually a beautiful, cosmic validation of what I’m trying to do here. There is a niche and a need for books like this one. Like I said in the “Vampire Diet” introduction…this is creating the book I wish I could have read a long time ago.
Well, the weekend is only hours from being over and the long work week begins. :o( I tried making flowers like Kittie does here and then combine them into a spray here. It's been a couple of weeks since I perused her outstanding step by step details so you will note that hers are waaaayyy better but, I did give a valiant effort!
This was not going to be easy, especially since we just decided to do this about a month before, but I was determined! My sister gave me my moms email password and I went in and copied her contact list. We also sent it out to friends of hers on Facebook as well as our friends.
MANGALORE REFINERY AND PETROCHEMICALS LIMITED Financial Result Updates
My hair appointment with Emma. Always a happy experience.. and I always love my hair.
5:23: I arrive at the gym, avoiding eye contact with the guy who flirts with any girl he can talk to. I am successful! I get on the elliptical and put in my time, followed by some weights. It's arm and back today.
For me, they have personality! Converses, jeans, and a t-shirt; it’s what I wear most of the time. I don’t care a lot about fashion trends, but it doesn’t mean I don’t like looking my best! If I’m going to somewhere like the supermarket, chances are you’ll see me wearing something far from fashionable.
Thank you to everyone who joined in with our One for the Boys challenge last week, your cards were all fabulous! Before we get to this week's challenge, we have the winner and Top 3 to announce.
But I just didn't want that post hanging around, doing me more damage than good. Because it was written when I was feeling far too vulnerable, and more than a tad stressed. When I (stupidly!) decided to check my 'phone yesterday morning I was up to me eyes in corned beef and mashed potato, trying to knock up a decent homemade pie with Jeremy Kyle yelling out DNA results in the background and the dog barking at some poor bloke going past the window on his motorised scooter! At that point, reading that somebody had actually described the first few chapters of some of my books as "not good" and "rambling", well, it was the straw that broke the proverbial camel's back, so to speak. Note to self: Do not check 'phone whilst trying to do a hundred and one other things!
-You are a little naughty boy and like to open up the car door... and every other door for that matter
I paid for not recognizing the social “rules” of that place. For not understanding why everyone signed the birthday cards that looped around, even if they didn’t know who the cards were for. For not attending social events, like lunches, or cake and ice-cream parties, when I couldn’t understand what they were for.
12. Beauty is the breath of my soul.
Nobody is perfect. Allow me to say this cliche before I move forward. I realize that everyone has flaws and makes mistakes, and sometimes their ignorance is not intentional. Certainly, I am not perfect and I have acted as a bully at points in my life, talked shit behind people’s backs and possibly destroyed relationships (it’s only cheating if it’s waist down). But at what point should one grow up from the foolishness of social interaction? I can honestly say that I have learned from past experience of being bullied by socially superior bitches and being lashed with harsh words that made fun of my physical appearance and intelligence who acted as “friends” to me when it suited their needs. Whores. I’m sure karma will get them and they will be uglier and fatter and worse off than me one day and whatever other bullshit people tell me to make me feel better about the situation, but truth be told, the world doesn’t revolve around me and I know that shit won’t happen because of my self-pity.
Broccoli
"In the autumn some people can call up clearly in their mind's eye the vision of what a certain landscape looked like in the spring. It is natural for them to notice these things, and to make these comparisons or associations. When they are talking to people, they do not attend very particularly to the tones of the voice, and they are perhaps not particularly interested in what is being said, but they are watching and remembering and comparing what other people never notice at all, even in the faces of people that they love - the movement of the eyelids, the little tricks of the lips, the poise and movement of the head, and so on.
Hey folks, have you ever, like, been around someone who uses 'like' incorrectly, like, a lot? =D Well, we had some people over for dinner who did just that. Now don't get me wrong, I say 'like' incorrectly once in awhile, but these people said it several times in one sentence. So, as the meal progressed, we started playing a game where we rang a bell that was in the middle of the table every time someone said 'like' incorrectly. You have to understand, this wasn't your average bell. This bell was VERY loud. It was a bell we got at a hockey game (the only hockey game I've been to, and we didn't buy it, we found it outside of the arena)
Whether he makes it at Arsenal or not is immaterial, his comments reflect the kind of culture we need, and which might have been lacking over the last few years.
‘It was May Day and they persuaded me to take part in the May Day parade. From the loud speakers you could hear, “Long Live President Zápotocký, Long Live President Zápotocký!” But people came out on the streets and shouted “Long Live Bican, Long Live Bican!” But you know, I myself wasn’t responsible for that. The factory Communist Party committee called me in to the office and said, ‘these two comrades will escort you to the train station and in one hour you’ll be out of Hradec Králové.’ I hadn’t moved so fast in a while. I packed my suitcase and they really went all the way to the station with me and waited till the train had gone. It’s a wonder they didn’t wave!’
starts fun; enjoyment.
Christals Creations
“We had some. All sold out. We have a very attractive model for our stuff, so it goes very quickly. @paradiseghirl88″
A mother fucker on the war path,
63. Forgotten someone's name? - I have, actually. And when I remembered who it was, I then realized I'd dumped this person into the Recycle Bin inside my head, which was awfully embarrassing, as she was so delighted to see me...
“Well, don’t you at least have something from Forest, you know, close to a golf course?”
But none of these, however bad they may be, have the potential to shake up the political system the way Obama's more feisty allies have been doing over the past year or so.
These people are lower than animals, yet the government and police will not hold a public inquiry into just how endemic and prevalent this crime is in our country.
Thor
- “Honestly, I loved this book and could not tear my eyes away. This book was suspenseful and really feeds your hunger for descri0ptive writing and passion in the characters. “—Layla, age 14
I’ve been asking myself this question lately – “Should I perform for the school’s concert or not?”. Though I have an answer now, somehow it seems like a joke that the seats left for selection for Pictures at an Exhibition, which falls on the same day of the concert to perform, is down to the extreme sides.
Image credit: The prudent investor
"I suppose that Dublin porter, especially that produced by one firm, stands out pre-eminently as a special and distinct type of beer, and just as Mr. Steele, in his work on brewing, asserted that the whole success of the original London porter brewer turned upon the adoption of deep and closed-in coppers, so much of the distinctive character of the Dublin porter spoken of depends undoubtedly upon the immense capacity of the store vats.
Deputy Chair woman of the Integrity Commission, the badiss Gladys Gafoor, has gone from admonishing Ken Gordon to being in the centre of a $hit storm so magnificent it may well put an end to Intergrity Commissions. It is alleged that Mrs Gafoor has been leaking information to the media: specifically journalist Andre Bagoo. In light of this President Fete to de Max Richards dismissed Justice Gafoor from the IC (and that dismissal in and of itself rife with kuchoor, because the media release was intercepted by the Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Communications and doctored before being released to the public. No one knows who did the doctoring or why…just that it was done). The IC then called for a full investigation. This investigation led to a raid on a media house and the entire People’s Panchayat Govt rushing to condemn the police’s action, and for the AG to go so far as to deny association with the Anti-Corruption Investigation Bureau (who carried out the raid) even though they fall within the ambit of the AG’s office. Ramlogan has gone on record to the Trinidad Express as saying he, “he viewed any continued connection between his office and the ACIB as an “embarrassment” and intended to speak with Commissioner of Police Dwayne Gibbs to once again assume full control of the unit.” http://www.trinidadexpress.com/news/NO_CONTROL__OVER_COPS-139168474.html. If indeed Justice Gafoor did leak information to Andre Bagoo then she has single handedly created problems for the Integrity Commission, the Government and the Media…..and people wonder why the Pantomime say Gladys is a Badiss or Epic Proportions!
PS If you wish to be warned in advance of South West Trains travel problems and other interesting matters you could do a lot worse that follow me on Twitter @LeeMarkDavies
So here's what we did with two and one-half days and three nights in NYC!
I finally e~mailed the CSA and asked if they'd share it with me. They said sure, no problem, it's form Martha Stewart. Lo and behold, I had the recipe here in my own home! The cake was featured in the July Martha Stewart magazine. Hooray!
what is it? any ideas???
In the current climate of misandrist hysteria, every man is considered a potential rapist, child molester or “sex trafficker”, so it’s not surprising when spineless men line up to be counted among the ranks of the politically correct whore-bashers. It’s one thing for a woman to support sex worker rights because we’re not under a permanent cloud of suspicion, but these days it takes some serious balls for a man to stand up, demand rights for sex workers, and actually sign his real name to the thing.
I used a great paper collection by DCWV, Little Boys (I believe, but it did come from Michaels). The sticker, yep, a sticker is by Jolee. I don't do stickers much but had been given a stack of baby/kid stickers and thought this one was really cute and went so very well with the colors! The hearts have a bit of gloss on the pattern which makes them a bit more fun (that yellow is really a nice camo-print green but these were photographed off my iPhone).
The appalling neglect by Liverpool councillors of the quaint and interesting Hackins Hey is a case in point, but the destruction of Liverpool's Overhead Railway was disgraceful. Don't forget it was Liverpool councillors who approved the demolition of the world famous Cavern! The local council system is appallingly destructive and wasteful and run by people who get so few local votes, often a mere 20%, that they have no legitimacy to ruin their towns and cities.
So remember to honor the Lord and keep His appointment – by observing the Feast of Passover. A Passover celebration is a meal. I have compiled and edited a Passover booklet, The Redemption, that contains the text of the service. You can find it here.
Justified is a fabulous show, so much more than I ever thought it would be when I started watching it.
It has been pointed out to me numerous times that I need to post something new to my blog. I've had plenty to write about but I have some big news that I wanted to tell all my friends in person first. I have not made it everyone yet. To those I have not gotten to or missed, my apologies (you know who you are).
This was the first time I have ever stenciled anything, and it took me a letter to get the hang of it. Unfortunately the "c" is a little sloppy. Oops! And I can't believe I mixed upper and lower case letters. *gasp* I don't really get that trend because it's just not right to do that. But if I look at it in a creative light, I can live with it. I just wish the "T" was a little longer. *sigh*
Falling Leaves
When we first moved into this house there was a constantly shifting population of lodgers, children and visitors, we needed lots of storage for food, pots and pans and work surfaces for prep. Cooking happened at odd times, people loafed around on sofas watching tv, arty school projects happened, Christmas decorations were made. After a few years of this, the office moved in, lodgers moved out, children grew up and the kitchen became a combined meeting room/workshop/cooking place/dining room.
Plastic Warboss
Background & Research material
It was an absolute nightmare, I can tell you. Overnight, perfectly sensible boys turned into heroes when Alexander asked them to follow him. Even my rider Perdiccas got the bug, and volunteered to sneak through a side gate into Thebes and open the main gates for the rest of the army, nearly getting us both killed in the process. I just hoped Perdiccas wouldn’t die, because you know what they do to you if you lose your rider? It makes me shudder even to think of it… they cut off your mane!
An article from the Boston Evening Post, dated November 4, 1771, describes a ship wreck somewhere of the coast of New England. " ... she had a roller for shipping an ensign staff, a number of white shirts and a purple and white calico gown hanging on her quarter rails, & and her quarter deck entirely gone." Apparently the weather was so bad that the crew who made the discovery were not able "to make any other discoveries."
I wonder what it might be?????
1. The teenage Jobs was bright, rebellious and literally odious – his affiliation to the counterculture, Dylan, bizarre diets, Indian mysticism and dope/acid came with a belief that deodorant was for straights. He was a good but not brilliant electronics engineer. He could, however, recognize genius in, and be trusted as a friend by, Steve Wozniak. ‘Woz’ was too geeky to see the potential in commercializing his inventiveness, but – as with the first Apple personal computer later – Jobs could: in 1975 he subcontracted a commission from Atari for a single-player version of Pong (with a bonus for each chip saved below 50) to Woz. Jobs then shared the basic fee but pocketed the bonus without telling him.
And so it came to be on Monday evening that the Idiot was surfing on his computer when he heard his little wife scream from the bedroom on the opposite end of the house.
While you are creating your zine, you will need to plan the layout. The total number of pages you’ll need to plan content for depends on the size of your zine. If you’re creating a full-size zine (8½” x 11” printed on both sides), your page count needs to be divisible by 2. If you are creating a half-size, or digest size, zine (8½” x 11” folded in half), the page count needs to be divisible by 4. Each piece of paper will have four page segments – two pages on each side, with a margin (blank space) in the middle. Cut this in half and you’ve got a mini-size, or quarter-size, zine (in other words, eight page segments on each full-size sheet of paper).
They were so much fun to work on. I was going to share with you how I refinished another bench that I have found, but decided to just combine them all in one post.
Read books about Kindness -
It was Christmas Eve, and it was windy in the city that night. She stood on the street corner alone. She was beautiful and wealthy, with sharp features and brown hair. 11 months ago she had married her boyfriend from college, Tom. She was off the market, and happy. Sort of. His parents, whom she loathed, were hours late to pick her up from Grand Central. She pulled out her phone to call them but slipped on a piece of ice. She sat there, crying. But a car drove past and a man got out. And that's when she saw him: brown hair, brown eyes, tan, with a jawline that could cut scene progress. He asked her if she was okay and helped her stand up but she had broken her high heel and she slipped again and fell awkwardly onto him as he kneeled to pick up her broken phone. She apologized profusely and wanted to think of a way to ask him for a ride, but she knew that was ridiculous and unwifelike and so she remained silent. He then offered her a car ride in a bold manner and knowing that her husband always caved when he would say something bold and she would pretend she had not heard. So she pretended like she had not heard this man's offer. She felt that was a fair way to go about things. He didn't cave at all, in fact he flourished, unlike her wimpy husband. She laughed. And he led her back to his car.Wow, my god. Boring. Unfortunately most people think that this can pass as "ficton/literature/writing". Let's find an excuse to show this stuff via imagery, sensory descriptions, action, subtext, dialogue-subtext, or suggestive dialogue, or flat out dialogue. My last resort is generally to be the narrator telling information. Too many writers take the easy way out, it's very easy to just tell information, it's much harder to show it seductively, subtlely.
It makes a lovely light, but I think its branches might need trimming a little, for the prevention of accidental blindings.
As it happens, that book isn’t the only paranormal work of fiction that I have/had fond memories of. A few years after first reading Devi, I watched The X-Files for the first time. I think it was early 1994. I hadn’t started university yet, and came home from addabazi quite late one night. Everyone at home had gone to sleep, and I wasn’t sleepy. I switched on the TV, and saw couple of FBI agents investing some weird stuff in an Arctic scientific facility. I was hooked.
This was not the first time Iqra was giving him a letter. She had always preferred writing over talking. According to her, she could express herself better this way. So, without questioning her further, he unfolded the paper and started reading.
From CNSNews.com:
11-11 Portland, OR - Rose Garden
The little specs in the middle of the red dish part are part of the image (no, not card lint). They are the movie characters standing on the threshold of the Master Control Program (MCP). Presumably, he's demanding more macaroni pictures.
With Modern trade contributing to 20% of FMCG retail consumption in the major metros and tier-1 cities of India, now more and more consumers are scanning your products. The Indian consumers love going to malls and the consumers find the “product talking” at the store more relevant. With these changing dynamics in India, packaging is going to play a major role in the future.
Every morning, minus the nights I never went to sleep in the first place, I do the same thing, robotic and dull: Open the door to my office (the temperature there the same as the temperature outside), slump toward my desk, fold into my chair, ping the computer, shiver or sweat (according to the season), and await my email. It's the wearisome habit of the perennially self-employed. I take care of my clients first. And then, if there's room left over, I make room for the day.
However, despite Vass' attempts to shift the blame, E-TV must take full responsibility for airing a program that reinforces the destructive stereotype that women are mere sex objects.
*Of course, if those extra commitments are what makes you happy, by no means would I suggest cutting them out. In fact, sometimes having an interesting life outside of work can help make up for those not-so-interesting times when you’re lugging through the latest spreadsheet, email bucket, or whatever it is that makes you want to throw your computer out the window.
My lover wears hope on his arm.
I would today announce the winner of the candy.
You can learn more about Giannini here. Thanks again to Ernie for this fine transfer of a fascinating footnote to both musical and business history.
OBSTACLES: The title got plenty of titter at every movie it was screened before, not a good sign.
TOTAL 11,682
Amazon.com believes it is censorship not to sell certain titles because we believe their message is objectionable. Therefore, we'll continue to make controversial works available in the United States and everywhere else, except where they're
8. (There's) Always Something There To Remind Me
However, Germany was defeated in WWI soundly, so what brought them to blows with us in WWII anyway? Well, it was our participation in WWI in the first place. And our lack of trade (embargoes) led to Japan’s ‘sneak’ attack on December 7, 1941.
There are many many pieces that you simply haft to see in the gallery, so go visit!!:)
But the old axiom didn’t hold true for me today. Today I put a Monday on the defensive.
– Thin Mint, Peanut Butter Crème, and Caramel & Coconut (or Samoa, as they are known in in some parts of the country). Cookies make up most of the bars, with layers like coconut caramel crème and crunchy crispies filling in the rest.
All it takes is a turn of your head and the opening of your heart.
key areas will enable Benue
23.Give personal space. Don’t stand or sit too close to others. Personal space is important, and when you breech that invisible boundary, others feel incredibly uncomfortable. How much space you give depends on the situation, how well you know the person, and cultural expectations. In the US, good friends should be about 1.5 to 4 feet away and acquaintances, 4 to 12 feet.
Dairy-free Peppermint Mocha (also refined sugar-free)
Release date: 1999 (Japan)
Missy T had a blast and so did her friends!
Then Jesus took his disciples up to the mountain. And gathering them around him, he taught them saying, “Blessed are they that mourn. Blessed are you when you suffer. Be glad and rejoice, for your reward is great in heaven.”
I am sure I would be physically better off if I could do that. I suspect that I would be mentally better off too if I could do that.
Preheat your oven to 350 and place large size eggs in a mini-muffin pan (large end down). If you don't have a mini-muffin pan, you can use a regular cupcake pan (they they will just roll around a little more).
I use a Donvier sorbet maker, which I found at a yard sale for $5. I often see them in thrift shops and have bought a couple more that way. You can order them from the company, new, for about $60. The inner part is kept in your freezer, then when you want to make sorbet, remove the liner from the freezer, put it inside the plastic cover, pour in chilled liquid and turn the crank. In a mere 15 minutes, with turning the crank once every couple of minutes, you have perfect sorbet!
The Basilica of Saint Lawrence, that is; and I should say, that I didn't know about. Who knew Asheville boasted a minor basilica? I found myself thinking, did the Commodore--who built the famous Biltmore Mansion in Asheville--have anything to do with it? Then I thought, wait, Vanderbilt had to be Protestant, so why would he want a bunch of Papists around? Something to look into another time.
As I listen in on their stories, I am reminded of where they actually come from. Two little girls were waiting for their mom to pick them up from school and began talking about their home life. Yes, they do share a room was the answer to another girls inquisitive questioning. For that matter, they all shared a room, but mommy got to sleep on the bed. They giggled and smiled as they said, “And it REALLY gets crowded when daddy is there too! But it’s ok because we are all squished in together!”
How to Include Others
While we were at Red Verde one day finishing up some interview questions and photographing, Conchi had samples of torrijas sitting on the counter since it was the week before Semana Santa. Torrijas are one of the classic sweets eaten during Semana Santa; they are a Spanish version of French toast coated in honey and cinnamon sugar. However, these torrijas were vegan meaning they didn’t have any egg, milk or honey in them. Those three ingredients are usually what make up the meat of torrijas so it was amazing that the torrijas were so decadent and indulgent despite them missing the principal parts. That inspired Shannon and I to make our own, especially since we both missed cooking and baking.
Invest in a big jar of your favourite pearl ex powder (pearl, macro pearl or interference gold all make wonderful mists) and some Gum Arabic Powder. Alternately use your perfect pearls or any other mica based pigment powder. Both work really well and will give you different effects. I have used both pearl ex and perfect pearls in mists and love both of them. What I love about pearl ex is the ability to buy a larger jar we can only hope that Ranger will at some point create larger containers for some or all of their Perfect Pearls range.
Within that spectrum is a world full of literary and visual inspiration. Case in point: our final digital imaging project. We had to create three pieces that were thematically linked, so my mind went to the familiar and fertile ground of fairy tales. I tossed out a couple of seeds and voilà! they grew into the following images.
So I am on a mission. I am trying to find a cabin or lakehouse in a secluded area where we can spend a long weekend. I've been pinning ideas like Brown County, Indiana cabins onto Pinterest. I sat too long on the cabin I was eyeing and it became booked. I started expanding my search to other parts of Indiana. I don't want to drive more than 2 hours- keeping that busy-ness and stress down.
He needs to tell his girlfriend. I feel so shit for her.
In fact, it's big and difficult, and you're so fun and easy, but....
Pickle is poorly again. It’s the usual phlegmy chest, headache, snots and high temperature. That god-fecksaken virus that all kids get. Except mine seem to get it worse than the rest and end up having several days off school, roughly every six weeks. The doctor can doing nothing for a virus of course, so it’s sticky, sickly sweet, syrupy meds all the way. They’re enough to make anyone puke.
“Whatever we do, it doesn’t matter – they are animals,” he cried in Spanish, when asked why the peacekeepers were not trying to explain anything in French or Creole.
eats grapefruits
We are interested in our authors long-term success. We provide the guidance for a writers career. Our authors benefit from our editorial experience in shaping their manuscripts/proposals before submitting them to publishers.
After several hours, I walked back to get my bus home. That bus was much quicker and busier than the first bus that I caught out and I just found myself listening in to a conversation between two women whose age I thought was quite young, but I wasn't rude enough to turn round and look. However, when I got off the bus, they overtook me and I found they were very elderly ladies.
Before we go any further, I'm going to share a video of a Byrds' TV performance of "Eight Miles High" so you can refresh your recollection of the song. (Videos of old TV performances by rock bands are great because they let you see what the band looked like in performance but use the original studio recording of the music -- everyone lip-synched back then.)
I think I should take her suggestion.
There’s an unknown number of such evidence kits across the country — all with the key to solving other cold cases — that sit untested, as in the Russell case, said Scott Berkowitz, president of the Rape, Abuse and Incest National Network.
There, she finds work at a trattoria and discovers all that Italy has to offer. But is it enough to heal her broken heart and make her forget about all of her dreams she left behind in NYC?
*Ribbon - American crafts
As if they were the Neighbours' Hedges,
And thankfully, the cute crab had a good time with Gram and PaPaw and was happy as could be when we got him.
She is such a joy and we are so grateful for her energy.
The greatest gift my Higher Power ever gave me was breath. Next to breath, the beat of our sun(my heart) & the ever changing tides in our waters… And the greatest gift the Human Experience ever gave me was choice.
“A.. about the orb,” she started to say out of the blue, because why not. “I’m really sorry that it exploded. I didn’t mean to.”
i lied. i’m not done yet. i’ve been jamming to andy grammer non-stop the past couple days. guessing most of you haven’t heard of him, but you’d recognize his music if you heard it. i think. such a cool, unique tone to his voice. not sure who he reminds me of, if anyone, but i like it, a lot. sidebar: anyone want to catch his show on 7.29 at the ohio state fair with colbie caillat and gavin degraw?? okay, now, back to andy grammar and his new single, fine by me. if you haven’t heard it, imma bout to make it easy for you…{cuz that’s what i do, yo!}
Annabelle is a Science Fiction and Urban Fantasy Romance author. That is, when she's not checking homework or begrudgingly cooking dinner. Her dogs bark too much and her husband thinks there are too many dogs shoved into their tiny house out in California, but she believes their life is awesome if only because they live so close to Disneyland – which she loves with the tenacity of a nine-tentacled
Penny Dolan.
Name up to three of your favorite movies (and no more).
Writing these blogs did and did not change my engagement. When I watch shows, I still normally watch them mindlessly to get out of my own world, but when I’m watching, I catch myself wondering what I can write a blog on. The blog assignments have not really changed my way of thinking about TV in general, but other assignments in this class definitely have. The episode commentary especially changed my view of looking at shows because I analyze everything that happens, especially in Friends. It took me a week or two to actually be able to engage and enjoy Friends again. Then having to create our own TV show and what channel it should be on and why and then make a trailer for it made me really appreciate what people in the television world do for us. It’s great. I may start blogging just for the fun of it now, thanks to this class. Thank you so much for your help in writing. I really appreciate the time you have spent helping me with my writing skills. I really enjoyed this semester!!
And now I'm back to something near NORMALCY... :)
But it is California. These past few days have reminded me of that and made me happy.
There are a lot in the activity that instrument aid you with your astuteness projects. For happening, if you requisite to change jewelries as presents to your friends, you faculty conceptualize a lot of jewelry business books in bookstores. Visage at the projects and countenance at the materials. If you are a newbie, accomplish trustworthy that you buy the one for the novice equivalent yourself. several assemblage can be rattling progressive and if you turn with that, it can be a difficulty and it might flush advise you to still pee the jewelry in the ordinal position.
Unfortunately, Louis Vuitton thought differently. Whilst it “considered the campaign for Darfur praiseworthy in itself, it is opposed the unauthorised use made by Plesner of its intellectual property rights”.
Humour: One of my favorite styles of comedy: anti-climatic moments. At the most unexpected turn, in the midst of tension, a sudden pop of comedy would appear. Even the slightest hint of humour would be enhanced to absolute hilarity. Comic reliefs essential in FMA and are very carefully incorporated into events.
Well, it’s been awhile since my last post. Ahem. Just the odd 8 months or so.
Students, having recently left home and the shelter of family life are in fact looking for a quick and easy way to make money. Something that won’t take too much time away from their social life and studies but will fund the life style that they have become a custom to whilst living at home. Prostitution is simply the job that has filled this need for a fast income and rise in living fees and tuition have become the obvious but innocent thing to blame.
&nbsp&nbspTrain: Livingston South to Glasgow Central (15 (express) & 57 (very slow) on the hour, not Sundays)
How are you guys feeling on this last day of the challenge?
by Neill Herring
We are doing very well in the "coverage" department with so many committed individuals.
In the meanwhile, I hope you enjoy these new prints which are available in my shop.
I implore you to pray with all your heart, it’s only for 20 minutes.
The community room at our current library is continually in demand for meeting space even though it can only hold about thirty adults. (More children crowd in for Story Time.) The new library will have a community room that will hold one hundred people with sliding doors to divide it into two rooms for smaller groups. It will have an outside door, making it accessible when the library is closed. These are only a few of the improvements that will benefit our community.
It won't open.
Row 20: Knit
“Oh…..no……no.”
Initiation:
Some things to take note of... When I first tested the recipe, I used instant coconut milk from the box (200ml & added water). For the second atttempt, I used thick freshly-squeezed coconut milk (300ml). I like the ones using fresh coconut milk better as the bingka is richer & shinier, as you can see in the pictures. I also added 60g more sugar for my second attempt as I like my kuih slightly sweeter. If you want to try this kuih, you may want to try half recipe first as one recipe can make about 100 pieces.
I looked forward to it for weeks. I stressed that we needed to be there on time, and was shooting to be there early myself.
E@L's maternal mother, frantic, embarrassed, had washed, aired, dry-cleaned and steam-cleaned every item in the room, failing one, the guilty party. A blue acrylic pseudo-lambswool blanket of which E@L would have considered obvious and of primary suspectivity. He had assumed that Mumsy would have attacked that item of his bedclothes first, or at least immediately after the doona (duvet) and its cover had proven innocent, but it was not so.
But at the end of the day, I took a chance, opened a very deep, tender and personal place in my heart to Him – and He rejected it. And by extension, rejected me. Was what I wanted so wrong? If my prayer came from an authentically honest place in my heart and it wasn’t God’s will for my life, what does that say about me?
Lets just say that my estimate was off by about five hours.
It has been said, that the state of your physical home is often a reflection of your inner self. That being the case, then I'm a Walking Shambles. The IKEA showroom is how I'd love my House/Self to be: bright, clean, orderly, colourful and Swedish. Well, I can't do much about the Swedish bit but I do enjoy a good meatball or two (or dozen).
and i only buy if i absolutely love - if i like and it's under £5.00 i buy ..but don't waste your money!
Sometimes: I order a whole pizza when the husband is at work.
As the film opens, Bruce Banner is in Brazil, working as a day laborer in a bottling factory and trying to learn to control his anger through meditation and martial arts training. He’s communicating with another scientist codenamed “Mr. Blue” and trying to find a cure for his gamma poisoning. He cuts his finger and a bit of blood ends up in a bottle that makes its way to Stan Lee’s house, where the Man drinks it and has some kind of reaction that alerts General Ross (William Hurt) to the possibility of Banner’s presence in Brazil.
Not that I don't like them, just that I don't really trust them.
Morton’s neuroma is a thickening of tissues around the nerve that leads to the toes. Morton’s neuroma usually develops between the third and fourth toes in response to irritation, such as that caused by wearing high-heeled or narrow shoes, or from trauma. Symptoms may include a burning pain that radiates from the ball of the foot to the toes or numbness in the toes. Conservative treatments usually resolve the pain or progressions of the condition, and range from wearing roomier, lower-heeled footwear or using orthotics to reduce the pressure on the nerve, to injections of cortosteroid medication to reduce swelling and inflammation.
“No problem” Ethan hung up.
And, we prayed every day for peace.
* 85 square meters lot area
Duration: 1 hour and 26 minutes (approx)
I mention this as an encouragement to anyone participating in NaNoWriMo, but especially anyone doing so with a manual typewriter. Word count is what counts. But, at the end of the month, having something worth editing into publisher-ready form is good, too. If it takes a typewriter or a fountain pen to get the job done, you're just doing the job with style.
So, don’t let people look down on you for your writing. Who cares if everybody you know just thinks it’s some lame hobby that you spend way too much time on. You know that you have a purpose for writing your novel, and that’s all that matters.
"Stupid commercials!!"
After getting pregnant with triplets at age 20, Heather thought the "trying" to get pregnant would be the easy part.......
Fish Girl sets up an appointment for him to get some x-rays done and while he is sitting in wait, the dead dude’s grandma rolls by and sees him. She’s in a shock but by the time she rolls back to see him, he’s gone.
I wandered lonely as a cloud
Ok, no. no no no. For starters unless "striking beauty" is critical to the plot, leave it out. Second no "he" unless it refers to someone you've already introduced, preferably by name. But mostly: this isn't a well-written paragraph. Your goal in a query, particularly the first paragraph is NOT to sound like a movie voice-over it's to entice your reader to want more.
The day that he first drove into a ditch and had to be pulled out by a tractor was the day when part of Sparky died. He’s never been himself since.
To this day they continue practicing the former rituals; they do not fear the LORD, nor do they follow their statutes or their ordinances, or the law and commandment which the LORD had commanded the children of Jacob, whom He named Israel.
Remember when I said that I was going into this without any expectations? Well, apparently I needed a reminder! About 18 hours ago, we had spent an entire day sans monitors and oxygen support. Zoe had been fussy all day, but we didn't think much of it. I just assumed she was getting her energy and acting like a normal baby. Wrong.
"Those are so disgusting!"
Heck yeah! I always wonder how much she can remember. It's sooo hard to tell when a child has a speech delay and isn't able talk about their day and events like a typical child. So nice to have a little peak as to what she is taking in.
Art Journey's eleventh art challenge is all about CHILDREN! This is a GREAT challenge for me, as I have three little grandchildren visiting me here in Nova Scotia for the whole summer!
But although I know this sound crazy I must admit everytime I see a beagle now I always smile and go up and speak to the owner or preferably to the Beagle…… I think Beagles bring that instant connection.
Although I'm not exactly a practicing Catholic these days, I am well aware that today is Good Friday. The day that Jesus died for our sins.
Skakkamanage was founded five years ago by a few energetic kids and they themselves are responsible for the release of the new album with a good support from Kimi Records. The band have played loads of concerts in Iceland and they also played a part in the notorious icelandic expansion abroad. The kids in Skakkamanage gladly gamble with everything they have and they have nothing to lose.
- If you had told Softsynth twenty years ago…hell, even ten years ago that Martin Gore and Vince Clarke were to collaborate on a new album, considering the degree to which this blogger fetishizes the Speak & Spell era of Depeche Mode, said blogger would likely had gotten a case of the vapors. And yet for all the trying (and there has been a lot of trying here), the album just comes off as so dull and dreary. Oh, hazy memories of our youth, hast thou forsaken us?
And speaking of death let’s not forget the pathetic patch of grass
All of our losses are important, and each one has shaped our beliefs about self, God and the world around us, so it’s important we identify both the relational and abstract losses we have incurred in order to process our pain. Relational losses are pretty straightforward and would include loss due to death, divorce, or betrayal. Abstract losses are less recognizable. They could include:
So once I shut down, unplugged for a few weeks, voted in my Provincial election, and felt like I voted from my own voice instead of that of the media and friends.... I felt... better. Then a few more weeks have gone by, and my voice started to come back. It was strange not having her with me, and I'm glad she has come back (even if a little shaky and volitile)... we'll see how it goes. Anyway, something else funny that happened when I powered down, is I got to read. I didn't want to log into the internet or watch the media - and my brain naturally went to print.
Elizabeth and Jerry did as they usually did every Saturday night. They went out to dinner, and a movie before Jerry went to work third shift at the police department. Elizabeth wasn’t sure if she could make it happen. However, she knew she had everything she needed to try. Dating for over a year and talking about marriage, Elizabeth knew that Jerry was in love with her as she was with him. So, what she wanted to do would only concrete her feelings for him. Not only would it change how people looked at Jerry. It would be proof of her desire to be with him forever.
A federal interdepartmental council on prisoner re-entry held its second meeting yesterday, discussing $83 million in funding for programs under the Second Chance Act and the latest in a series of “Reentry Myth Busters,” fact sheets intended to educate employers and others about the impact of federal laws on those who are formerly incarcerated and seeking jobs, housing, and federal assistance or benefits. The new Myth Busters focus on veterans’ benefits, voting rights, criminal background checks, taxes, and Medicaid eligibility.
talked about the dreams of the future...
Of innocence. Above them looms
The idea that teaching children to “think success” and teaching these lessons using postive and negative reinforcement as needed in order to empower the child to behave in a successful manner is not so sinister as some of the ultraliberals would like you to think. To do otherwise is to program poor children to the acceptance of generational poverty and dependence on public assistance, to kill ambition and place limits on a child’s thinking of what is possible and realistic for his life and ambitions. It is reinforcing the soociological lie that responsibility, accountability, ambition, achievement and the desire for excellence are only requirements for the majority/mainstream, not for the minority, and there can be no greater disservice to our children than that.
Anyway, the other ladies did not like this, so they complained to their husbands. They exaggerated and the event and made their husbands very angry. Those rishis were driven by fate to believe their wives and they decided to go and have a word with Gautama.
He saw a watchman fast in his box,
What kind of JackAss is that eating Sushi, Roast beef and mashed potatoes in a same FXXXin' plate?
Do you believe in magic?
Weakness: Indiana, a program that’s used to being in the NCAA tournament is making its first trip since 2008. So there is a concern about how the inexperienced Hoosiers are going to play on the big stage especially without Verdell Jones III. They’ve had a great year, but the pressure to perform in an Indiana uniform is great. Will it be too much for a young Indiana team?
Since when do people say that teen girls have crushes on their fathers if they feel close to them? Lombardi points out that we never see "mother-son dances," but only "father-daughter" ones...because no one ascribes anything sinister to that relationship. However, as a brochure for a North Carolina father-daughter dance said, "Every father needs to 'date' their daughter, and every daughter needs an example of how a young lady is to be treated by a man." This dating analogy is creepy because sexual abuse in families is much more likely to occur between a father and a daughter. Incest between mother and son is exceedingly rare (female perpetrators are between 1 and 4 percent of all sex abuse cases). So why is that relationship such taboo?
HP: How many books do you have out right now?
Someone who doesn’t smoke, or drink, or use recreational drugs could turn a condescending eye on a person who can’t quit smoking or drinking or using drugs. They’d say “just don’t do that, can’t you see it’s harming you.” And then this same person might be a closet scale junkie. The same person may be battling their weight and not be able to walk past a scale without hopping on “just to see where they’re at” on any given day. And if you said to that same person “don’t do that, can’t you see what it’s doing to you”, they may laugh and say it’s no big deal, it just keeps them on track. They may not see the mental wrecking ball they are smashing into their own efforts.
Gujarat also signed on to a fiscal responsibility law only after five other states did, and 20 states preceded Gujarat in implementing value added tax.
Everything was done as usual. The pack of cards was an old one. The cards were shuffled, cut and dealt as normal... "We play regularly and are always very careful to make sure the deck of cards is shuffled repeatedly. I don't mean to sound churlish here, because they surely deserve their moment of fun and fame, but mathematically every other set of hands they were dealt that night would have had the same probability of occurring. This arrangement of cards is visually striking, but not mathematically any less likely than any other specific distribution.
-You run out of wipes while changing your baby in a public restroom so you carry them to the sink and use a wet paper towel instead.
My friend Skinner is just such a creature, with a house that is the perfect mix of high and low. High as in her grandmother’s lovely and ponderous antiques and her great-grandfather’s highly-regarded oil paintings and Low as in the extremely cool sculptures she creates from objects scavenged from the beach, just a mere quarter-mile from her 18th-century home.
I've heard a few writers talking about “problem” books. The big problem book is the second one. Most writers never finish their second novel. I didn't. Mine was about a half-vampire who didn't know his wife was a werewolf. I took everything I learned from writing my first novel and made a horrible mess of 15,000 words (the entire first and second act).
-1 can black olives, sliced in half
Ann Clegg is yet very troublesome
Five brew sizes: 4 oz, 6 oz, 8 oz, 10 oz, and 12 oz
finding its way in
14 Panic In Detroit
Our Dearest Elise, we can't wait for you to be healthy again. You are always in our prayers.
cinema star
Temporary Services' project is definitely relational. They didn't just produce a newspaper; they recruited people nationwide to help distribute it, and they invited everyone interested to take the ball and run with it – to use the newspaper as a springboard to create their own exhibitions, discussions, or events. Their goal is to create and modify relationships – in particular, to inspire us to combine our creativity and other strengths to bring greater fairness to art workers and others, creating or modifying relationships not only among ourselves but within society at large.
In tongues of what was,
Robert Holbrook Smith was born August 8, 1879 in the family home at Central and Summer Streets in St. Johnsbury, Vermont. Judge and Mrs. Walter Perrin Smith were his parents. The Judge had a distinguished career as Probate Judge, state’s attorney, state legislator, superintendent of St. Johnsbury schools, director of one bank, and president of another. He died in 1918; and he had taught Sunday school for 40 years! Dr. Bob’s mother was said to have felt “that the way to success and salvation lay through strict parental supervision, no-nonsense education, and regular spiritual devotion.”
Now three years along in life, this young lady hasn’t lost a single bit of her power to remind me that I am truly here, and while there are many ways to increase our understanding and appreciation for the power of love in our lives, including every possible variation and quality of love between two human beings, there are no limits to what we can accomplish by opening ourselves to our powerfully urgent longings to connect to others.
I received my copy of Thor many months ago, an awesome gift from a very awesome-type person. It sat for months on my shelf, staring back at me in its crackly wrapper, watching and waiting. I thought about ripping into it and crunching through it like a purple-flavoured Jolly Rancher. But I always stopped myself.
We are talking about a good half-decade before the Great War. Our tale is set in 1909. The job market in India was much better then than what it is today. Someone from Shankar’s village used to work in a jute mill in the district town. Shankar’s mother talked to this man’s wife — may be there would be some opportunity for him. The gentleman came to Shankar’s house the following day, he would try utmost to find Shankar a job.
-msnbc
Now your manhood is took and you're a Maytag
-making delicate wired flowers
So why not let everyone participate?
My husband answered the door, listened to the man, then sent him on his way. However, when he returned to the dinner table and relayed the conversation to me, my interest was immediate and electric. I definitely wanted more information, and my husband hi-tailed it out of the house to invite the man to return. It took only ten minutes of conversation with the representative for me to make my decision---yes, I wanted home delivery of milk!
First up is a basic still life. I always love tightly zooming in on a composition and decided to only paint half of the jar. The one apple, I LOVE... the other needs a bit of work but I do love the blends of colors , the unique textured background and the simplicity of the piece...
Here's a little taste of what the rest of our Easter looked like..
The two dead victims, two Black men, lay on top of one another on the front seat of the vehicle. They had been ambushed from various angles by attackers armed with AK-47 rifles. The attackers made 100 percent sure that their victims were stone dead. Close to ninety spent 7,62x39mm cartridge cases lay scattered in the vicinity of the bullet-riddled car, covering an area of approximately 30 square meters.
And wait upon her.
Part eleven
Where’s the work that set my hands, my soul free
He told a lunch for political journalists: ‘I was appalled to see Osama Bin Laden in his pyjamas shot in front of his kid. ‘The best way to demonstrate the values of a Western democracy is you put Osama Bin Laden on trial and challenge what he says.’
I don't know much about these guys, other then they aren't the band with the same name from Clevo., and they sound a lot like earlier Metallica. My friend Paul picked up the 7" for me while he was diggin' for rare punk platters in the wild a while back. No cover art on my copy. "Excalibur" is the winner out of the two songs. Enjoy.
Lineage: Motarebel Herijuana x CH9 Jack 33
Lo and behold, Hillary Clinton is actually in a position where she gets enough votes to steal the nomination (yes, steal) away from Barack Obama. Looking at the list above, she fails on all three points.
Adults and goslings alike killed
1:18 p.m. — Measured out 1.8 ounces of English Kent Goldings (%AA unknown). Starting to re-hydrate dry yeast.
I might yet.... baby steps.
This is the 12th of these guest posts. Elizabeth Templin is a second-year master’s student and Roy H. Park Fellow from Charlotte, N.C. She has focused on news writing, editing and multimedia during graduate school. She hopes that she will find ways to save journalism in a new job.
With this project, I specifically used a vast array of my designed beads to cover the bra cup areas. The photo above is the completed entry bra submission, where multi-colored metal flower brads were added in between spaces where most beads meet. The pink ribbon charm is added for symbolic purposes. I hope you enjoy viewing this unique item as much as I enjoyed constructing it. It is my hopes that it gains deserved attention and will help raise funds for our BRAS for a CAUSE event.
Let me be clear: I’m not gung-ho about getting any work done. The idea of going under the knife scares me. But I’m curious by nature and fully subscribe to the “knowledge is power” school of thought, so I knew it couldn’t hurt to meet with a doctor and learn as much as I can. My friend Amy happens to work for a plastic surgeon in Beverly Hills, and she offered to help set me up with a consultation. I took her up on her offer.
Alexander Johan Hjalmar Skarsgård was born in Götgatsbacken in South Stockholm, Sweden, on August 25, 1976. An actor since the age of eight, Alex appeared in various films and T.V. roles in Sweden throughout his youth. He gave up acting for about seven years due to being uncomfortable in the spotlight, joined the Swedish military, and attended college. After many moves to and from the U.S., he finally landed the role on True Blood after appearing in Zoolander and Lars von Trier’s Breaking the Waves. He speaks French, Swedish, and English, and was voted the sexiest man in Sweden five times. It’s ironic that he was on this poll with Francis Ford Coppola’s Dracula, because Gary Oldman is Alex’s favorite actor. His next film, Battleship, is set to come out in the summer of 2012.
72. Headless Cupid, The: Zilpha Snyder
I make the low fat version and it tastes awesome. You don't feel as guilty eating a ton of it either. Plus the turkey pepperoni is less greasy than regular pepperoni and is better for your dip.
It's funny how things go. I want to get to work as quickly as possible, while three years ago I did not want to apply for a job at all.
It's interesting that some of Rolly's artwork does not seem to reflect a museum setting but was probably intended to be used in the Mansion proper (or its grounds), such as these very rarely seen tombstone sketches, one of which I've posted before:
Funding the Enemy: How US Taxpayers Bankroll the Taliban by Douglas A. Wissing ($25.00, Prometheus Books) is one of those books that the mainstream press doesn’t want you to know about. The author was recently interviewed on C-Span as he related the way that the government, over two administrations, has mismanaged billions of development and logistics dollars, bolstered the drug trade, and literally dumped untold millions into Taliban hands. It is a scathing critique of the war in Afghanistan. The troops in the field are well aware that the war is lost and of the way the corrupt Karzai government and the Taliban has gamed all the “development” money spent there to enrich his cronies as well as the Taliban we’re told we are fighting. The result is that Americans have been funding both sides of the war. While Americans have a general awareness of the menace that Islam poses for the nation and the world, one can gain a far more thorough understanding by reading Ali Sina’s new book, Understanding Muhamad and Muslims ($18.95, Felibri.com, an imprint of Freedom Bulwark Publication). As an occasional contributor to Sina’s website, FaithFreedom.org, I have come to know Sina through his books and writings. Born in a Muslim family in Iran, educated in Italy, and now living in Canada, Sina has established himself as a leading critic of Islam and has helped thousands to leave Islam and secure a life free of this cult built around the life of Muhamad. Passing himself off as a prophet, Muhamad fashioned a religion to impose his will on gullible followers. Sina has put together a psychological portrait of a man for whom the ends always justified the means. The violence associated with Islam was an early element of the emerging cult and is, of course, practiced today by suicide bombers and those who perpetrated 9/11. I highly recommend this book.
The Relph-Dearden partnership was forged at Ealing Studios, which during the war and immediately afterwards prided themselves on projecting a sense of British national unity. This comes through quite clearly in these later films too and one can see from even the cursory summary of their ‘social problem’ releases given above that the emphasis is predominantly on those marginalised in society and the impact on them of postwar privation and changes in Britain’s racial and social mix. In the case of Violent Playground, the setting is Liverpool’s deprived inner-city as experienced by the children of the dirt poor Murphy family. The mother’s remarried and the father is in prison, so it’s up to oldest daughter Cathie (Anne Heywood) to take care of her rebellious and charismatic teenage layabout brother Johnnie (David McCallum), who we first meet ominously stoning a poor innocent teddy bear, as well as the two young twins Patrick and Mary (played fetchingly by real-life siblings Fergal and Brona Boland) who are 7 going on 8. It is when the two get caught stealing that they attract the attention of the new Juvenile Liaison Officer, who is not all that happy with his new assignment:
The movie is produced by Pooja Shetty Deora’s Walkwater Media and is due to release on September 4.
So what have I been reading lately? Wildly imaginative adventure books, for the most part. I finished reading Everfound, the last book in The Skinjacker Trilogy by Neal Shusterman, and I was not disappointed. I can’t tell you much about Everfound, because if I did I’d spoil the first two books for you, so I’ll settle for summarizing the original premise. The first book, Everlost, begins with Nick and Allie, who after being killed in a car crash wake up to find themselves stuck in an in-between place between the living world and the hereafter. This limbo-like world, still on Earth but invisible to the living, is known as Everlost. It is inhabited by the spirits of children and teenagers who, like Nick and Allie, didn’t quite make it to ”the light at the end of the tunnel.” A couple of interesting things about Everlost: 1) some ”afterlights” (the inhabitants of Everlost) have the unusual ability to “skinjack” (enter the bodies of the living and control them), and 2) if afterlights stand too long in one place, they sink to the center of the Earth. Creepy! Everlost is not a peaceful place; everything about it is disturbing and scary, and its perpetually perplexed population is running about (literally) trying to make sense of it all. Some afterlights are bullies, some are power-hungry tyrants, some are half or completely crazy, and others are downright evil. The rest of the kids are either passive victims or fierce heroes struggling to exist and find meaning in the midst of all the madness. The books contain many examples of resiliency, courage, survival, inventiveness, and the transforming power of love. I like how each character is so unique and human. It’s a great trilogy, guys. Read it!
“I got the Joy of Sex,” Ms. Yao replied. “I thought for sure it was French Women Don’t Get Fat.”
So Kmart was having a sale on shoes, and we headed over there with the crew.
Here is one final thought to contemplate. Suppose the two angelic visitors to Sodom were women. The townspeople pound down the door demanding to rape them. Suppose everything happened in just the same fashion and God destroys the city. Would Sodom’s destruction indicate that God forever condemns heterosexuality? Of course not. This story is not about loving sexual relationships. It is a story about brutality, violence, and attempted gang rape.
I'm very excited to take part for the first time at the Unicrea Salon in...(drumroll please)......Switzerland!! Yup this show's going on the road. This is a very special salon which reunites about one hundred artists, from painters, designers and sculptors to those like me who create jewelry from all over Europe. Its a great line-up and I'm very happy to be part of this year's spring edition. Not only is it going to be full of wonderful creative people, this Salon will take place in the gorgeous Chateau Morges, along the shores of Lake Leman. How is that for a setting? Did I say I was excited already? I'm fairly jumping out of excitement! The Salon starts on the the 3rd of May and runs till the 6th. Maybe see you there?
The service road was in sight but there was still the huge hill behind it that we’d have to run up to get to the safety of the house. Everything was happening so quickly. I knew we wouldn’t be able to get up that hill faster than the moose. The animal was already only about ten yards away from us.
Peter Schiff: More and more transactions around the world will ultimately take place in something other than the dollar, whether it’s gold, or whether it’s euro, yen, or renminbi. The world is moving away from the dollar, and that should be of major concern for America, because our ability to survive is based on people accepting dollars, because we don’t have really anything else. We don’t have the production to pay for the things that we want; we have to exchange money we print.
But then something happened to turn that happy cycle on its ear…Pinterest.
jewelry that was gifted to her
Kevin Brownlow & David Gill, whose documentaries introduced me to Griffith, occasionally risked coming off as apologists for Griffith’s sins, unavoidably I suppose, since their documentaries give a voice to people like Gish who WERE unadulterated Griffith-boosters. But they scored a devastating and irrefutable hit when they observed, of INTOLERANCE, that the one aspect of man’s inhumanity to man not treated in the film was racial intolerance. Which means the film cannot serve as an apologia for, or moderation of, the horrific crimes of BIRTH OF A NATION.
NONE has responded.
Now, the excellent works continue being still created...
Having already read Krakauer's book, I knew exactly what was coming, yet Penn (and Hirsch) made every moment a revelation nonetheless. I can think of no higher compliment than to point out that while I always knew what was coming, this did nothing to lessen the film's impact; by the end, I was completely devastated.
Angelina's dress waves
8 Jack of All Trades (with Tom Morello)
I’ve already shot 3 sets on this beaut and I LOVE LOVE LOVE it!
I could have just poured it in a glass and drank it. It was amazing.
Other - Nesties and Cuttlebug used to cut image/number mats. Slice used to cut out numbers/letters. Letters and numbers covered with Glossy Accents, numbers then covered with glitter. Gems from stash and positioned with Bazzill Basics Jewel templates. Flowers cut with MS punch.
Now, how we opened up our business that was several years later. We have two close friends that were getting married and they asked Dyanne to marry them, plus they asked me if I’d play at their wedding. Which we did. Then someone who was at that wedding heard us and saw us, and then they asked us if we would do their wedding. So, we really built the business out of word of mouth.
January 21, 2012, Posted by Donna at 11:05 am
She got some help. I saw a change in her. I hoped that it would continue to get better. In some ways it did and in others it didn't. I retreated to what I knew. I had a hard time sharing (and still do to this day) what was going on inside of me. I learned really early in life that my feelings were not good enough to share with anyone. So I just stuff them deep inside of my heart and don't let anyone in. I have been hurt too many times in the past. I am learning how to open up and allow myself to feel and to allow her to see those feeling as well. I am still scared some days that she will just up and leave me because I don't do or say the right things.
Harrell Fletcher (7 sets of pigmented inkjet prints, 2005)
It would seem obvious that Sally wasn’t prepared to handle Matthew’s advances. Yet, she wasn’t moved from the apartment complex or given the kind of protection that she needed. Perhaps, it is the fault of politicians, who can’t seem to find the money to provide funding for our most vulnerable citizen. Perhaps it is the fault of an entire society who discount the value of mentally challenged people.
Luke: No, no, that's alright. It kind of helps me out if those guys have low morale, if you get where I'm coming from here.
What have you got in your head?
- Very refreshing to see some of these young, upstart teams overtaking the old guard thus far in the Stanley Cup Playoffs. I really like Nashville a lot, and also the L.A. Kings. Tons of very young, disciplined, and talented players.
Soooooo...... I joined a group called Joggalates. We meet at 5:15am! And we run 2-3 miles and then do Pilates. And I get home before the kids are awake. Win-win situation, huh?
Cashier, also a woman: "Yeah, I like the hoppy ones best, too."
8. Taking lot’s of walks and having a bite of grass here and their where you want to go, practicing your verbal and physical tasks
Tilapias unfortunately cannot be trusted to carry the recipe by itself. It needs a ton of help. I like to enlist garlic, jalapeno and lots of freshly ground peppercorn and black pepper. I have to say even the darned fishes tastes darned good :)
Shocked yet thrilled by Grey's singular erotic tastes, Ana hesitates. For all the trappings of success – his multinational businesses, his vast wealth, his loving adoptive family – Grey is man tormented by demons and consumed by the need to control. When the couple embarks on a passionate, physical and daring affair, Ana learns more about her own dark desires, as well as the Christian Grey hidden away from public scrutiny.
"Sweetie", I said to her, "D-boy's directions say not to just dump the pieces. What do yours say?"
It looks like both John and I will be meeting our two little boys in a few months.
NBC's New Year's Eve With Carson Daly ... NBC ... 11:30 PM - 12:30 AM *NEW
MEDEA Institute wishes to be a resource and a reference point for people wanting to engage in the Euro-Mediterranean dialogue. Via its meetings and talks the Institute seeks to create exchanges between political, economic, and diplomatic players, experts, journalists, academics and others.
Remember the saying "A picture is worth a thousand words?" Well, prove it!
As well, I didn't mention in the original announcement, the Christmas in August class will feature some of the new Holiday mini items, so you will get some sneak peeks made with the items from this exciting new Mini Catalog.
You are a talk-o-potomus if I've ever heard one. You parrot practically anything you overhear, and I'm consistently surprised by the extent to which you remember most of what you've parroted.
We need not only to believe in what we do as musicians and business men but be able to change our internal success thermometer to be prepared for the success that we will create for ourselves.
I am so thankful that my children will know that through perseverance and hard work anything can be accomplished. I hope they know that all the hours, days, and years I spent achieving this dream was more about them and providing a life for them than it was ever about me. That they were my drive. It wasn't all just my hard work though. It was with the help of my very supportive husband, an awesome mother and mother in law that helped me with my girls, friends that gave me words of encouragement, my peers that helped me study and were a support in itself because we were all after the same dream, a best friend next door that provided a quiet study environment, and many other factors.
To quote the authors' preface: "This book is about differences in intellectual capacity among people and groups and what those differences mean for America's future."
This beer freaked me out the first time I had it. I tried it at my first beer festival, the St. Louis Microfest, back in 2006 and it totally blew my mind. I had no idea that beer could taste like that. I look back and contribute the combination of my first festival and tasting a tiny tiny amount of this beer from the bottom of a bottle at the end of the day to making me want to be a brewer. Lofty stuff. When I met Lauren Salazar, sensory specialist and blender of New Belgium's sour goodies, I told myself I wasn't going to geek out and gush over La Folie. I did.
But a special great grandchild
The number of materials that can be used for fetching and pairing seems to grow every time I try to create a list. This is actually a plus as it allows opportunity for the child to engage with so many different materials. One of the hardest materials to pair in this way is the sound boxes. Yet, I have seen it done successfully several times. How often have you wished that the geometry cabinet was used more often? And what about the frequently neglected botany cabinet? Both of these can be used in fetching and pairing activities. The pairing can be done with the insets and the frames or the insets and their matching cards.
Hi everyone and Happy Holidays!!
MAY GOD GRANT ME: the willingness to accept God’s plan for me.
Be back tomorrow to announce the hand stamped necklace winner!
Luckily, at least some of the skeptics on Skepticblog actually have a true scepticism and went to do some fact checking on the movie. One summed up what they found very nicely:
After he passed, my daughter took 15 lollipops from the tree to give to her pre-k class.
In addition to being emotional, I wrongly believe seeing the big picture is enough to get things done. I’m fortunate to have a leadership friend who loves to “frustrate” me by using the term, “operationalize.” He says, “I’m just trying to operationalize what you’re saying.” I hate that!
Now who is going to follow suit and DIY?
5) Angels and Demons
You'll never know this way
House of Love Never UK
I admit recently that my posting has been rather slow and I had been getting feedback from my buddies that I need to get the ball rolling. I do apologise and hope that you continue to support me nevertheless. It's a new year and work has been on a rocky start this year. No excuse, but it did dampened my spirit and all I wanted to do was just nothing during the weekends.
James Woods (Salvador)
Personally, I'm picking Zab Judah to win this fight but if Amir Khan is able to convincingly beat Zab, he will gain a lot of respect for me. I believe Zab & Sweet Pea will come in with a good game plan and find a way to get inside on Khan. I think Zab will work to set up his left uppercut and try to put Khan out with the power he has in his left uppercut. Amir Khan will likely use his jab but its questionable whether his jab will work out as well against an elusive southpaw as it did against someone like Paul Malignaggi.
In SWTOR, you have some options. They are not elaborate, but they are present. At times, you can choose to double-cross a quest-giver. Or, you may arrive at your quest objective and find another NPC is pursuing the same item and you can dialog or duel with them. You also have options during certain quests to make a Light side or Dark side decision — often a Dark side decision is to kill or maim someone, while Light side is sparing their life or allowing them to escape. These choices have a small but noticeable impact on your character, purportedly allowing you to equip certain items distinctly Dark-side or Light-side items as you play.
Thanks to Alex Wilkinson for alerting me to this treasure from YouTube: an animated version of the opening sequence of Mortal Engines. It's all the work of Julia Zhuravleva who is currently studying at the Russian State Institute of Cinematography (aka VGIK). I hesitate to call it 'fan art', but I must stress that this was done as a personal project for part of her course: it has no commercial element, and is nothing to do with the long-rumoured Mortal Engines movie... but until there is an official Mortal Engines movie, this will do very nicely. I was startled to see that it's Julia's first attempt at animation. The characters' gestures and Tom's facial expressions are beautifully observed, and the story unfolds clearly and simply without a single line of dialogue. It will leave you wishing there was more! (It's worthing watching full screen, or at least on YouTube, where it's slightly bigger).
To have your picture taken by my grandmother is a great honor, to have your picture taken means you go down in our family history.
This is the staircase that leads to our office loft. I found this great Hudson Valley's Garden City Aged Brass Wall Sconce online and I am now slowly putting together a gallery wall going up the stairs.
We’re always hungry right after training, even if we didn’t work that hard. So, awesome that there’s a rice maker here.
She has just bought me a new dress and bra and panty set.
That is an order list from GTS Distribution, and we cannot confirm the accuracy of the release date. We can, however, use the potential of a Marvel Superstars “Support Kit” to launch us into a preview of our favorite current curve. These are the Supporters that we like most at each drop so far.
Eric Wolitzky's Chocolate Chip Cookies
The bottom-up sweep is that in which evidence from crime scenes and other sources, typically consists of physical evidence, eyewitness testimony, and/or video evidence, is stitched together to provide clues as to the identities of the perpetrators. Police officers investigating crime scenes, using latex gloves to pick up empty shell casings, asking bystanders crowding round a corpse on the pavement if anyone saw anything, checking CCTV cameras to try to retrieve a mugshot of the gentleman in the top hat who held up the liquor store: these are all examples activities constituting a bottom-up sweep.
By the way, this year in Arnaudville, Father Brown’s Christmas Mass rocked. He’s the best.
“Ladies and gentlemen, approaching the ring, from P-Town, VA, Da Infamous DiZ!”
RAM – What type do you have:
- Green tea cookies
What is your purpose in this world? What dreams has God given you? What visions do you desire to achieve? That is the vision I speak of. That is what you are to write down. Writing the vision, dreams, and goals of your life is not only an encouragement to you, but an act of faith.
After these activities, students can discuss their roles as detectives, victims, and witnesses of crime through role-play. Students can also discuss what conventions they drew upon in order to make obvious the crime fiction genre, or subgenres they were portraying.
Star of David, house or chain
Don’t interrupt. This can upset the subject’s train of thought.
Let me explain in simple terms in case any art directors are reading this.
He looks happy for having had a temporary reprieve, doesn’t he? I think he was also excited for the upcoming 1500.
So by the time soccer practice rolled around this evening, Momma was tired.
Mom turned away from the coffee maker and raised an eyebrow at me as I searched the unfamiliar cabinets for the PopTarts. “Are you sure you don’t want to dress up a bit for your first day?” she asked.
It was a beautiful thought, but the reality of gathering the funds on top of the looming costs of an exotic island wedding brought everyone fast back to reality. One of the last nights that Dani and Tiffany spent in the house of their beloved friends, they played their favorite songs, drank wine, shared stories, laughed, cried, and pled with the universe to help them make their dream a reality.
“I went through May 13, so I know. I know it very deeply so I think I can help people so they don’t act in ways that will precipitate another May 13.
When I was in seminary, one of my greatest concerns was that most of my fellow seminarians were so focused on Christ’s divinity that they forgot about Jesus’ humanity. While his being the son of God is important for the salvation story, so is his humanity. In order to bridge the schism, he had to be both. By showing us that he could live at the intersection of human and divine, he was able to point the way for us to find it as well.
I saw as in noiseless dreams hundreds of battle-flags,
What about barriers to entry? A world without visa restrictions would be every traveller’s paradise.The choice to live and work anywhere would be empowering in the true sense. Of course, cities, towns and countrysides would lose some of their distinct character, as is often the case with globalization. We already have ‘Little India’ and ‘China Town’, tucked away sometimes in unexpected corners, of almost every city. It would raise a lot of questions about the political dynamics if there are many expats living in the country. A possible downfall is that under developed countries would become worse off, because most people would move to developed parts of the world, leaving their own countries underpopulated and crowding others. Or maybe it would reduce the differences in development between regions.
5. Relax in the evening away from the cooked food
I took these pictures right after the arrest, I didn’t actually see what happened but, Fern Sidman apparently did. Here is a quote from her article that’s linked at the bottom of this post:
which was filled with stars
Make Up Forever Complexion Kit. I use this every day! Every day. The touch-up powder is my favorite part and really helps with shinyness a bit better than rice paper.
Whether you want to admit it or not, God does exist. The more it is denied the more God reveals the evidence, and really, there is plenty of evidence. The science alone proves that God is real and is the Creator. There is no other explanation. And all of the theories of evolution are still only theories and more than anything- proven to be false.
4. Barter and swap:
The DT have created some real stunners to inspire you sooooo lets get crafting.
The Genealogy of Morals claimed that morality was an invention of the weak (especially the Jews, and then the Christians) to weaken the strong. The sheep convinced the wolf to act like a sheep. This is unnatural, argues Nietzsche, and seeing morality’s unnatural origin in resentment at inferiority will free us from its power over us.
orange and yellow sequins
No wonder I didn't have any time to write or, um, sleep.
"In August, he rented the Corcoran Gallery of Art in Washington, one block from the White House, for his son's wedding to a niece of President Karzai, according to Qayum Karzai, the bride's father and the president's brother.
“I don’t go out very often. I prefer to stay home and have a nice little beverage and watch television.” “My glass of wine and I are besties.”
Here happen to be a few of my favorite stouts. Some good beers to have one of or more than a few. (I am trying to stay away from one-offs and special releases, and focus on beers that many can actually obtain.)
Everyone Loves a Good Train Wreck: Farrar, Straus and Giroux hardcover, February 2012, 210 pages, cover photo by Simon Lee. A Wake Forest professor of English, Eric G. Wilson has written seven previous non-fiction books, including Against Happiness: In Praise of Melancholy and The Mercy of Eternity: A Memoir of Depression and Grace.
Olivier has his suspicions about his son’s death in custody. "I have photographs of my son in his casket. He looks as if he’s been beaten up. He had no mark on his face when he was arrested." Meanwhile, Lefekane insists that there was "nothing untoward regarding this case. He was arrested for drunkenness, and he committed suicide by hanging himself in his cell.
"But you don't share!"
Before I gave the green light on the green wall project I hemmed and hawed for weeks before actually doing anything. This time I decided without all the drama and soul-searching. So yeah. Get the mantel out today, get the wall prepped and then paint it. Done. Ready for summer. Too bad about Mr. Tree. The apartment is going to get a lot more direct sun without its shade. So maybe the exotic colors are really needed. I don’t know. It’s nice to get this place in order, make it livable and cozy. My home is important to me, moreso than it is to many Manhattanites I think. I’ve always stayed at home too much. Now that I’m older it doesn’t seem like such a personality flaw.
The people here are really nice and most everyone is bilingual. But I've been trying to concept with an art director whose English is about as good as my French. It's funny, to say the least—lots of "Comment dit-on 'cutting-edge' en francais?" and "Repetez plus lentement, s'il vous plait." Luckily we are also working with a flash designer, who doubles as an interpreter.
I bought this in the Wetherspoon's opposite Tower Green, where Saints Thomas More and Bishop Fisher gave their lives for the faith. Both the food and environment then conveyed to me that 'tis good to be young, free and English!
Then on August 23, 1988, a mesh-of-genres band from LA named Jane’s Addiction released their first proper studio album Nothing’s Shocking. I remember a friend watching a quick two-minute interview of the band on MTV and immediately running out to the mall to purchase the album (along with their excellent first live album) and coming home in a frenzy all fired up about his new discovery. He did this because he said, “they seemed kinda weird and different.” And different they were. Bands like the Red Hot Chili Peppers had already been around for some time, as had the Butthole Surfers and Flaming Lips. But none of those bands had the unique gift of blending multiple genres of music without it sounding forced and none had broken into the mainstream yet. The Peppers were west coast punk funk, the Surfers were, well, a sound that can only be described as the Butthole Surfers, and The Lips were still a relatively unknown underground band of weird hippies playing Syd Barrett influenced noise rock.
Since I love old Webster pages I use it again a mix of few collections and a beautiful tag from Marivic get me started with not typical color for me , red.
This is one of the best programs available on the internet to create extra income. You will not get rich but people are making $500 to $4,000 per month using this program. It is very well thought out, organized and you get all the help you need to do well right away with it.
Session One: Recorded 24 Feb 1991, broadcast 17 March 1991
B.Sc. Applied Physical Sciences
I'll be digging out a few of his books later tonight, and will have a good 'ol moan in honour of the man!
—The Fool of the World and the Flying Ship, retold by Arthur Ransome and illustrated by Uri Shulevitz; the Caldecott winner in 1969—wise fool Ivan knows about kindness, loyalty, and friendship, so he gains a flying ship and defeats a duplicitous king to win the hand of a princess.
Nearly a quarter of adults and one in seven children in Britain are estimated to be clinically obese, raising the risk of cancer and heart disease.
I wonder what have you brought back through customs from your adventures?
Sorry, I forgot to post yesterday. Sometimes life is busy and you are tired and things just don’t happen. My little family have been on a short break, drove 2 and bit hours to the town of Echuca along the Murray River. So please enjoy some of my favourite images of our trip.
Despite this being incredibly similar it seemed that I and most of the Internet just didn’t get it. What’s surprised me the most the prevalence of this profound stupidity and quick-fix, instant-gratification view of the game’s ending. Not only is it all over the, wretch, message boards of the world wide web, it’s also verged into the Better Business Bureau, the popular and mainstream media (Forbes?!?!), has got EA named the worst company in the world, or something like that — which I know cannot be right, as I’ve worked for Metro Newspapers International — and even has Bioware apologizing to its fans and releasing a new downloadable ending probably sooner than they wanted to and for free! It’s not just the fanboys that are falling prey to this sickening trend in our generation, it’s everyone. And this stupidity’s rallying point is, no surprise for my generation, a video game that had an ending without a bombastic cavalcade of masturbatory opulence.
I suspect my own Asperger’s makes me oblivious to many of the differences in people that are allegedly the basis for discrimination elsewhere. Therefore it would be more accurate to say I have no idea if a person is gay or straight (unless they say so) than it would be to say I treated them the same because they were one way or the other. However, I don’t know if I would be any different even if I knew. The differences ethnic/racial/sexual differences others may remark on generally do not matter much to me.
5) I reread the judge’s comments. They were right.
Grace was a wonderful young wife, doing everything Denver asked her to do. However, her willingness to please was never enough. Trying to be everything he wanted in a wife was impossible. She went so far as to iron Denver’s underwear, because he told her all good wives are submissive. Grace didn’t mind being a submissive wife. What she hated was being an unloved wife. She didn’t know how to please him. Always fired up about one thing or another, Denver wasn’t humane to his family. He was cruel and heartless and showed them no love. He never acted as a normal husband and father would. His boys were always asking to go fishing or camping but Denver didn’t see the point. He wasn’t the father his children so desperately needed. To him, spending time with Grace and the boys was more like drudgery than pleasure. Denver was always too busy trying to be the perfect cop and scoping out the latest woman to stroll the sidewalks in Poverty. Grace may have been naïve, but she wasn’t stupid. She began to feel totally persecuted and entertain the fantasy of killing Denver just to be free of him. She wondered how she could have made such a huge mistake by getting married at an extremely young age to a man she hardly knew. She had no idea what love was and what marriage was like. Grace had no idea how, someone who claimed to love her, could hurt her so much.
Choose beverages and foods low in sugars
A passed test will instead lead to attempts at dialogue with the other faction or factions, aimed at reaching a compromise or a route out. If the game has no mechanisms for this, the players are to sketch them out, on the spot with the game underway...
Other than that more of that same. PB seems to enjoy his SAHD gig, even 7 months later, which is good. I continue to work ridiculous hours, but that's better than the alternative.
As others were — I have not seen
Next, here are two of the new Color Icon Eyeshadow Trios:
It happened at the Roman forum and it is not of itself cause for particular alarm.
I also ran the light blue background frame through my Cuttlebug for some texture. I threw in some seam binding, twine & a button at the bottom to finish it off. I really like cutting my Imagine images in layers so you can pop them up. Here's a close up so you can see the dimension.
I have such hatred for this cynicism, where we quash creativity, inspiration and curiosity. We boil and boil young minds until they fritter away or harden to be replaced by an absolute value, a use, a purpose. We order them into line and teach them the only way is forward, up is kinda really hard and down is just dying to meet you.
I sat on the couch with tears in my eyes, this after who knows how long staring out the window, somehow numb in thought. My four-year-old, more adept than you sometimes give them credit for at that age, came up and touched my leg without saying a word. He paused his play long enough to sense something was wrong.
You feel unreasonably proud of being across a new technology: "There's this great app on the iPad!"
Crazy or practical?
Whose patriot’s hearts burned high ...
Interpret the shape, the colors, the textures, whatever you like!
Today I got a small white package that held…
I concluded from that meeting that there are worse things than a BB in music.
Then, assuming we still have a few pennies/cents/quai/rupees to our name to get us out of there, we’ll go … somewhere… in Asia, to teach for six months and make a whole lot more money. Then, we’ll go to Australia.
Blurp!
90 The Faraway Tree Collection – Enid Blyton
In other news, for those of you who don't read my workout blog, I thought I'd direct your attention over there for the last post I did. It really doesn't have a whole lot to do with exercise...and a lot more to do with my new "way of life". Go check it out if you wanna!
I have been looking at Kindle as a way to make some of the material I write for my newsletter, The Bourbon Country Reader, available to a wider audience. So this is, in part, an experiment.
I promised her that I’d figure it out. I tried everything I could afford. I cried over it, dedicated so much time and resources to her cause.
The final cut from this particular album, Christmas Events (with words by Joseph Pullum) is shameless, stealing snatches of music and lyrics from Christmas standards luckily no longer protected by copyright. It’s a jolly romp though, and wouldn’t be out of place on a 70s BBC Christmas special. Like Sione, Joseph also decided to take another crack at the Christmas charts courtesy of MSR – he has two songs on this collection and a third, Christmas Time, appears on their album A Gift of Christmas Spirit for 1980.
Morato made the most of the pre-race favourite Yimenashu Taye’s absence; the Ethiopian was unable to obtain a visa to attend the meeting. But Morato was made to fight all the way in the 6,700 metres race by two athletes who both got the better of her in last month’s Spar European Cross Country Championships. Hayley Yelling clocked 22:20, with Liz a second further off the pace. Morato became the first Spanish athlete to win the race for 21 years.
Personal goals work that way too. You have a goal and you created reasonable steps to accomplish that goal. Don’t give up when the going gets tough—and it always gets tough at some point. Retreat if you have to. Regroup, employ strategy, and move forward.
I'm married to the wonderful and lovely Mary Beth (aka "Iron Daisey"), who is a former ballet dancer and hence loves going to see the ballet where she used to perform. As her husband, it's my duty, oops I meant to say privilege, to escort her to these performances six or seven times a year as we have a subscription. Unfortunately, I'm really not into the ballet (shocker!) and in fact struggle to stay awake during the performances. Surprisingly, one can get into a lot of trouble if one snores during a performance - trust me on that point.
In fact, it’s sometimes more favourable to start a sentence with a ‘But’ or an ‘At’ or ‘On’. Their effect can bring gravity, brevity or directness to the narrative, but that doesn’t mean that the writer can drop them wherever he or she wants. Careful placement counts. It’s the cumulative effect of the overall scene that you need, rather than just placing them for the sake of it and thinking it works.
And yes, that is my new sewing COMPUTER sitting right up there like the Queen of the May. I'm still in the admiring stage. Soon, I will have to break down and actually sew something.
I brought hubby and daughter with me as well as our dear friend, Priscilla. Priscilla got a little crazy and bought this adorable hat very first thing and proudly wore it the first day of the show. She said it matched her shoes -- you'll just have to take my word for it, it did. Here's our la-di-da Queen showing off her finery.
This is better than the first to tries in that it's shorter.
Wells said he is excited about the common ownership for several reasons.
~Christine Kobza (speaking to me)
Graham Cracker Wafers and Nanaimo Bars
Have a fantabulous week and choose your words wisely.
Coulter was scheduled to speak at the University of Ottawa as part of a three-stop Canadian tour that started at the University of Western Ontario and would end at the University of Calgary. The events had been organized by the International Free Press Society in collaboration with conservative student groups on each campus.
We were once accused of being demanding about help, and we don't want to get into that. We really needed it then, and we really need it now, but mama won't ask, this time. She felt like she was slammed in the face last time, and doesn't want that to happen again. And doesn't want to bother anyone with more sad tales. And doesn't want anyone to feel obligated to help us when there are others who need help, too.
No matter which way you twist it, homosexuality is a sin. And unless you repent, God is clear where you will spend eternity.
From Elizabeth Bishop: Poems, Prose and Letters, ed. Robert Giroux and Lloyd Schwartz (New York: Library of America, 2008).
It just doesn’t taste the same without you
There are lots of books that I read and loved while I was reading them—books I thought were flawless until I stepped away for a while and had others point out the problems. Ginny & Harry's relationship was told rather than developed, Gabriel in Wither wasn't a very well shown/individualized character, Edward is a pedophile(I had a very short but intense Twilight phase), and why the heck are they jumping on and off trains in Divergent? How does valuing bravery end up becoming stupid stunts like that? O_o
Any girl interested in becoming a member of the VHS Fall Guard(flag line) needs to attend an information meeting on Wednesday April 25 at 6pm. The meeting will cover information including time commitment, costs and schedules. Please bring a parent with you. The meeting will be held in the band room. Please park in the back and enter through the band room door.
6. What do you usually eat for lunch?
Meanwhile, the Grimtotem raider that Krog and company are holding down in Brackenwall hasn’t provided much information just yet. Krog’s been working on his interrogation, but so far not much luck. I know Dontrag and Utvoch have been trying to help Krog with the questioning, so I told Krog that maybe he wants to try doing it with D&U somewhere else, because don’t get me wrong, I like those two, they’re dedicated soldiers, and spirits know they mean well, but I’m pretty sure there’s some law of physics that says there’s a finite number of words that you can pack into a single room. And having those two nearby has got to burn through your quota awfully damn fast.
Tomorrow is definitely something to look forward to, and I hope WooMin will be full steam ahead from then on!
…Trimesters are. No one breaks them down the same way. It seems like it should be simple enough but it’s not. So according to this site, I’m in my third trimester (YAY!) while this one says I still have another week to go (BOO!) Since it’s my body I’m going to say I’m finally in my third trimester. Since I’m really paying more attention to weeks, I’m 27 weeks today. It’s fun watching that number get smaller. Only 13-15ish weeks to go (I’m trying to prepare myself for going past my due date.)
Most of the baskets, bins and storage solutions that I use come from Ikea, Target, Walmart and The Dollar Tree OR I make them myself. Ross has some great storage solutions, at a great price, as well.
A bold colour like bright red, blue or green works better than pastel- colours with this technique, , as there is a greater contrast between the colours and the white of the lines , which is the white of the egg-shell.Let the paint dry, then remove the string.
wings and a voice.
A definition of “blacks” in today’s SA society (never mind the various definitions of blacks in other countries) is extremely different to Biko’s era. It is also obviously complex. Does the poor Zimbabwean refugee in SA who fears for his life every day, and works for sixpence, have the same identity and “prestige” as intellectual Memela? I dislike asking rhetorical questions. But the answer is obviously a loud, thundering no, and thus, we have barely started reading intellectual Memela’s column and he has already done a grave disservice to “blacks” in general (the term blacks by now the literate reader will agree is too vague, hence the inverted commas) to humankind, and to humanitarianism.
The most common gift is a Red Chinese envelope. Red envelopes have been part of Chinese culture for centuries. Filled with lucky money, they are given to friends and family to bring good luck in the upcoming year. Here are some other great gift ideas.
I trust the arty folk over at the times will like it. And if you are keen on knocking out a tag or two, why not join in. The ladies (as if! lol) are all wonderful people and I know they'll be giddy with delight at each and every entry.
Taking a walk back to the wonderful Era of the 1930's - 1940's ..when times were simpler ..you made do and the Colors of the Feedsack and Flour Sack fabrics filled your home ...from Old Metal Cannister Sets set ablaze with thier Florals in Red's and Blues .. To Tables set with Red Trimmed enamelware ..and the Laundry line filled with old feedsack Dresses.
Denmark
Anyway, the flat’s no big deal. But the seat. Oh, the seat.
Kate: whose parents are divorced. And that's it. She and Anne have been best friends forever.
A plate rack
Card: SU Soft Suede, NQN, Very Vanilla and Websters Pages for the background
Right now I have a pretty powerful headache I've got under control and I'm going to spend a minimum of 3 hours I've got a timer on celtx) working on my screenplay.. I've yet again re worked the beginning.
I prepared well and was really looking forward to it and then, as I stood in front of the class, it dawned on me that I have never actually taught anyone in this way. Of course I have presented in pitches a million times but I’ve never actually taught anyone.
(Please link up the direct URL of the post you are 'bragging' about!)
Anyone of any age can sign one, it’s our right to speak out.
Hope Solo- is not my favourite dancer, I’ll admit it. THere’s something about her performance that always seems forced and hesitant. But, I will say that I enjoyed more than usual last night. She was feminine without being a playmate or a hooker (same thing?), she was fun without feeling contrived, and she was elegant without looking wooden. This Hope Solo is not as hard to watch as the other overly agressive, overly emotional, awkward athlete that we’ve seen in the past.
snare be broken that we may escape.
Zucchero & Paul Young, ¨Senza Una Donna.¨ 2010.
I'm still alive!
Things I'm working on....Changing up my vigorous exercise workouts to the more gentler approach of yoga. However, I am still finding my muscles are just as sore everyday as they were when I was beating myself up with weights and cardio! But at least I will earn some flexibility, something I wasn't getting with strength/circuit training.
According to the world system theory put forward by Immanuel Wallerstein (1974), there are core regions and peripheral regions in the world. There can be a sustainable economic development mechanism as long as the core region can supply manufactures to and receive raw materials from the peripheries. Because of the sheer size of China and her unbalanced regional developments, the argument also applies to China’s inter-regional trade.
A four line poem about: white lies.
"It's hard to believe anything with a beat could grow in a landscape as otherworldly and physically inhospitable as that of Iceland. Mother Nature, in all her harshest majesty, is the headline act here. She is not easily upstaged. Nevertheless, in a small rehearsal space on a snowy, windblown side street in central Reykjavik, a local band called the Sugarcubes is busy proving that rock & roll is not only alive and well here but mutating into shapes as odd and wondrous as the geologist's paradise outside." David Fricke, Rolling Stone, July 1988
8 Besame Mucho
But that will have to wait until next week. It's birthday weekend for my oldest, so it's busy, busy, busy!!
While the patients generally worship local ‘small’ gods in their own villages, at Gunaseelam, they are required to worship the ‘big’ or Brahmanic god Venkatachalapatty, which belongs to an upper-caste model of religion. Concerns have been raised by activists that freedom of religious expression would be impinged upon by government intervention at religious sites, yet my research at Gunaseelam found no evidence to support this. The majority of people in India readily adapt to worshipping other deities for specific purposes, and the patients and carers at Gunaseelam did not believe their usual practices and beliefs were constrained. They expressed a willingness to worship Venkatachalapathy while at the temple, and deemed him to be a ‘powerful’ god, and firmly believed that he had more power to cure them than medicine.
I can't.
We've been having some great times just hanging out together, playing with toys, reading books, and trying new foods. These days it seems Burkley does something new every single day. This week he's been imitating us more and more, whether it's silly noises, animal sounds, new words like "nigh-nigh" (when going to bed or nap), new signs (today he did "potty" for the first time), or just being all around silly, he really is a hoot. He's been climbing up and down our staircase independently too...which he's sort of been able to do for awhile now, but we've always hovered over him. Now, he does it when we're not looking...and is just fine.
I'm a single mother of four children, divorced (twice) in my 40's and finding my way in what I deem, only sometimes affectionately, as Post-40 Divorce World. Sometimes I think I've landed on an alien planet in another galaxy, especially when it comes to dating. The terrain is bizarre, the landforms unfamiliar and the lifeforms I've found here, completely alien. I write about my experiences on this strange new midlife post-divorce planet. I have a career that pays the bills, four children that keep me busy, and with what little time I have left over I write, dabble in photography, web design/graphics and mountain bike...well...I try to mountain bike. It isn't pretty sometimes, especially since I took up the sport in my "old" age. Sometimes there are advantages to starting early and sticking with something. On the other hand, I do agree with the adage "better late than never".
The past couple of days I’ve been taking the first few steps. I started a photography blog where I’ll be posting pictures as photo shoots happen. I figured it’s a great way to not only see how I’ve improved over time, but also a great way for customers to see my work. If you’d like to follow my new blog, please check it out here. I would love all of your support right now.
The most interesting piece, the reason I was curious about the museum at all, was a coin said to be one of the 30 pieces of silver paid to Judas for betraying Jesus. They didn’t provide any back story except that the front was a Greek god and the back was galloping horses. How the coin came to be associated with Judas, I have no idea. I’d place the chance it had anything to do with Judas at just about zero. It was interesting to see and think about, even if it didn’t elicit any strong emotions for me.
kitchen sink?
So if you want to see 2TS it's on this morning at 8 am on the AMC channel. The whole experience will be over in about 1 minute so you can return to your real life quickly thereafter as I did.
In the novel’s opening movement, we see Puri (as he is called by the narrator) vexed by his inability to find a job and the social obstacles in the way of his marrying Kanak, the daughter of a prosperous publisher. Tara, meanwhile, feels that her world will come to an end if she is made to marry Somraj Sahni, her loutish fiance. But these problems pale into insignificance compared to the crisis that suddenly appears like a dark cloud over Lahore, as the British prepare to leave India. The Hindus of Bhola Pandhe Gali fear that Lahore might be ceded, as part of the two-nation theory that has gained currency in undivided India, to the new, primarily Muslim nation state of Pakistan.
It seems inconceivable to me that a nation of 300 million cannot replace 545 people who stand convicted — by present facts — of incompetence and irresponsibility. I can’t think of a single domestic problem that is not traceable directly to those 545 people. When you fully grasp the plain truth that 545 people exercise the power of the federal government, then it must follow that what exists is what they want to exist.
A couple of weeks ago, I went out of town for a week.
Let's move on, shall we?
OSSETRA – $250 / 1oz
It is said that the Barbie doll Katrina Kaif was quiet sad with Sonakshi, but now she just ignores all these silly things. For Katrina, Sonakshi is just like a small child. Katrina knows that she is trying her level best to be in the limelight, but she is not upset anymore with Sonakshi. Whether these girls become friends again, time will tell us…Till than stay tuned to see their catfights. Katrina Kaif will be appearing opposite Imran Khan in Mere Brother Ki Dulhan where she’ll fall in love with Imran Khan.
Naudé could not be reached for comment, but Letsoalo said he was surprised that the footage had not been presented to the prosecutor.
‘Good response,’ Petro smiled again.
Friday Night Lights
Well, no. It is proof that if you roll the dice a thousand times, you will probably come up with snake eyes twice in a row. Or an extremely warm winter in the U.S. accompanied by a cold one in Europe. Or any number of other "extreme" combinations, all of them the product of natural causes.
They dug a pit before me… (Psa 57:4, 6 NASB)
And we have.
Hi, my name is Amanda Laboy. I'm an elementary music school teacher by day. I live in Oklahoma with my hubby of 10 years and our son who just turned 8. I've been scrapping for the past 9 years or so. About 20 albums later, I now try to squeeze in scrapping a couple of times a month. My favorite scrappy colors are orange, green and teal. I love everything Fancy Pants, Sassafras Lass, and Cosmo Cricket. I'm excited for this opportunity to scrap with the kits from Timeless Daydreams!!!
So as to finally say:
Everybody knows it's coming apart
I promise I'll be more dedicated to the blog now, schools slowed down a bit and I have time to think out more than three sentences to post here.
So because I strongly believe that we were in no way condoning our dogs to “Run at large” I will wait for my day in court…if it ever comes. Yes, my dogs left my yard for 30-45 seconds but where do we get credit for trying to collect our dogs. The minute we knew they were out of the gate we were in action. It was instantaneous. There is no forgiveness for accidents or faulty equipment (i.e. gate latch)? What steams me even more is that the Animal Control Officer, since they have been in the news lately, said any time they are called out for a dog leaving their yard they will issue a citation. That is crazy! Accidents happen everyday….thats why they are called accidents. We don’t charge people with harassment each time they dial a wrong number. I agree there are people who do let their animals roam and they end up causing trouble, but there are also those that try to obey the laws and keep their animals contained. Gracious, by volunteering with a Dog rescue organization we are doing out part to take care of the neglected animals that Animal Controls picks up on a daily basis. Good deeds should not bite you in the rear…
Saturday, March 24 - We went to a birthday party at a jump house played. Emily LOVES this place! She was happy to bounce and bounce. She even managed to win some candy from one of the claw games.
Friday Release 3pm: 1 keg of Billy Baroo & Wee Fatty
You got a new laptop!!
The PM barely rest down the cannisters before objections to her claim began. The Keith exposed her tactics as naked politics, and Colm Imbert, a man I often find annoying, gave a pretty comprehensive explanation as to why he’s not impressed by the oil find. Couple Imbert’s comments with David Renwick’s article about our plummeting crude production situation and the comments from other energy industry heads about the PM jumping the gun on the oil find…not boom Ms Ramdial… and you’ll realise that Kamla is beyond desperate these days. The economy is stagnant. Add that to the TCL strike, on the heels of a 107-day SoE that crippled several industries and markets, and a less than stellar Carnival (don’t let CAL figures about arrivals distract you, Port of Spain’s streets were less crowded this year) and right now, people aren’t seeing any blue skies. So, being the spin and PR machine that they are, the Govt decided to blow the current oil find out of proportion and make it appear as if we turning the bend and soon everyone will be swimming in dollars again. It is economist Dhaneshwar Mahabir who tore Kamla’s claims down to its brass tacks when he announced that 48 million barrels represents about $150m in revenue….when you place that against our annual budget of $50bn….it’s not even a drop in the bucket. When you consider that almost $100m was spent just on Carnival….study yuh head good and ask how many members of the group Kamla keeps calling the “common man” going to really benefit from that oil find. Smoke and Mirrors folks….nothing to see here! We find oil…the solution to every problem….meanwhile the economy, that depending on this plummeting oil production still waiting to be diversified. But when PR music inside yuh brain…you feel no pain. Put yuh canister in the air and wave like yuh mad!
Asheville, North Carolina, is a beautiful town. Though a boho center of liberality today, it came into being through the efforts of millionaires like George Washington Vanderbilt III, Edwin Wiley Grove and George Willis Pack, who fell in love with the remote area enough to fill it with some of the most beautiful art deco architectural monuments in the country, as well as a few mansions for themselves. (Vanderbilt's Biltmore Estate is the largest private home in the United States.)
While the books don't have to be read in order, as they can each be a standalone, I think with this series it's best to read them in order. So please if you want no spoilers about The Journey, stop reading my blog now. Go pick up a copy of The Journey and devour it immediately!
Sentiment: (SU)
1/2 cup of water
Pear Soup with Blue Cheese and Bacon - This soup is seriously awesome. It is however, seriously more awesome if you make it with celeriac instead of the potatoes. The celeriac runs perfect counter to the sweetness of the pears. We served this as a first course for a dinner party - we passed the blue cheese around the table so people could add as much or as little as they liked.
Then, there is the fickleness of fame and fans. Tim is winning now. What happens when he does not? Did God leave him? Is God fickle? Is he only as relevant as a sports hero’s production? Lord I hope not. I haven’t done much in my career in the last couple of years and I’d certainly like to think that Jesus still loves me just as much as he ever did. Is Tim one arm injury from evangelical impotence?
Brazil’s central bank again cut its benchmark interest rate by 75 basis points to 9.75 percent — the sixth rate cut in the past eight months in an effort to boost the sluggish economy.
Well, gotta go. I'll post some links to Rent later.
Consider how this plays out in ongoing climate change, or rather climate chaos. More than 42 million people in Asia have been displaced by climate-related disasters in the last two years. [18] All the big carbon-emitting countries have failed to rein in their greenhouse gas emissions. Instead, production keeps growing and, with it, so do energy use and carbon dioxide emissions. Europe’s numbers look best, but that is a mirage because so much of its industrial production has been shifted to China, only to be shipped back to Europe, generating even more emissions. Much-touted biofuels are often produced by transforming forests into industrial plantations, displacing indigenous peoples and canceling out emission savings because of the destruction of trees.
“Can you step back, sir,” the officer said.
When the poster is done it will land on my bedroom wall; that’s where the lovely laptop and I live. I figure the more I see it, the more active my imagination will be in placing characters into its depths.
In which we go to a poetry tournament and meet a lovely young lady who reads the Marquis de Sade. We have our first threesome.
“taking” photos
That brings us to the second problem – problem of bad science. The lack of proper scientific method among scholars of social sciences is present, thus they often express their own subjective views based on their cultural and religious background, instead of objective evaluation of evidence. Wishing to improve their careers and gain recognition of their peers many scholars choose to ignore every piece of evidence that would stir academic community or question the established theories. Another example of bad science is lack of multidisciplinary approach. The historians almost never consult archaeologists, ethnologist, etymologists, ethnomusicologists, etc. keeping their interest only in written sources, and the later scholars likewise keep their interests firmly buried deep within their respective areas of expertise. This lack of communication leads to number of hypothesis that are accepted as proper theories among academic community but cannot be applied in the field, because the model they propose is not only inaccurate it is thoroughly wrong (and often in direct conflict with the models proposed by the scholars from different sciences). There is of course the ever present cultural and pseudoscientific influence of the powerful western academic communities that often results in Slavic scholars tuning their papers to be in accord with those theories that are established in the West, though a plenty of evidence exists to show them wrong. Sad fact is that more Slavic scholars dwell on Greek, Roman, Egyptian, Abrahamic and other religions instead on the religion of their own people.
However, Range of Ghosts offers the more original fantasy world. I believe the main narrative is loosely based on the life of Timur, aka Tamerlane (1370-1405), but Elizabeth Bear has used his story as a springboard to create a unique landscape filled with unusual and fascinating fantasy elements. To take one of many examples, I love the way the moons in the night sky represent the heirs to the empire's throne, with a moon disappearing any time one of the emperor's descendants is killed -- and then suddenly all the moons disappear in favor of the single moon we know, when Temur crosses over the border to a neighboring land. Nearly every chapter has an interesting and unusual element like that.
“I don’t have an anger problem; I have a stupid problem.”
Your answers to these questions will tell you what you need to practice. Now you need to devise practices for yourself, and start doing them on a regular basis. If, for instance, you realize that you’re not very good at coming up with material, try this: make a list of all the things you want to write about and add to that list every day. Then, every day, pick one item from the list and write nonstop about it for ten minutes, simply collecting onto the page, at random, any material that comes to mind about your subject. In this way you will strengthen your creative faculty, which comes up with ideas and material.
High Noon Saloon And Brewery Annie's Amber Ale
This week I am going to be prepping for exams Monday-Thursday. My first exam is an 8-hour one, with no notes, on Friday. It's the one on 20th-century Europe, which is one of my major exam fields. Then Ethan and I are headed to St. Louis for a weekend getaway. Yeah!
Now, for those of you in the crowd turned off by the "coming-of-age tale" parlance pay particular attention to these words: all-girl roller derby. So what you have here is some hot, tattooed chicks on roller skates... wearing mini-skirts and fishnets... beating the crap outta each other. What's not to like here people? By the way, woman's roller derby is huge again. If you don't believe me take a look at the websites for the L.A. Derby Dolls, Gotham Girls, Denver Roller Dolls, or our very own Pikes Peak Derby Dames!
it was a high, shrill, nasal-cackle, punctuated with a series of deep guffaws that i am sure was sending big gobs of snot running out of his nose. it was a horrible noise; the worse laugh i have ever heard. he was out there, questioning my pain and sorrow and mind-fucks and all the ugly voices.
But i have found a blog that has helped me focus on one small organization and one couple and one clinic and that has helped me - given me knowledge, yet held off the nightmares.
I don't want to be 'that girl on her phone.'
Anyway, next time you see me . . . if I am sitting down doing nothing . . . please . . . pull the chair out from under me! I have LOTS of living left to do and I do not want to put it off any more!
3.) The smoking hot wallpaper on the ceiling
In the midst of that I called out, Is God enough? And my call was answered. Because He is enough. He is enough and He is faithful. Not in that, yes, yes, the Bible says He is faithful so it must be true kind of ways, but rather in a visceral I did not deserve His grace and the Lord chose to lift me from my pit of self loathing anyway kind of faithful.
Early on in his tasklist for the village assault, Sendoku was told to go steal a horse, that it might be converted into a Death Charger for him to ride on. It’s an interesting bit of lore, since horses are a key part of the whole “knight” mythos, but it’s ultimately a somewhat disappointing chain of events.
1/3 to 1/2 pound bacon, diced
What time is it?
Community members are always the first responders and the people who, far outstripping the efforts of the UN and NGOs, save the most lives. They pull loved ones and neighbours from the wreckage, share the limited resources they themselves have with their communities, and are both the first and most effective responders.
“….you must! And do it quickly, good luck young one!”
It seems to be as reported. The ellipses in the quote are where Lieske’s original citations have been removed, if you’re wondering. What would be nice is that if the author feels he can arbitrarily decide on no change in Io’s orbit for his calculations, can he provide the results using Lieske’s number (-.74 above)? Just to check his working, as it were…
Cook pasta according to package directions. Set aside. (I had left over pasta from the night before, just boiled some water, tossed it in for one minute and drained.)
Regionals is an all-day event. Based on how you play for your 3 morning matches will determine which division you end up in for the afternoon. It was a really painful morning. Several painful matches, followed my more painful matches. Did I mention it was painful? We were really disappointed in outcome because they were put in a really easy division that they took 1st place in because no one could really hit in that level.
Vee Bell has narcolepsy. This causes her to slide into someone else’s body, when she has one of her episodes. Vee can only slide into someone else if she comes in contact with an item that the touched.
all poor weather comes in the form of a weather front. Generally speaking one side of the front will have absolutely gorgeous weather and the other will have absolutely horrible weather. This occurs in a clear line of demarkation. High and low pressures do not mix - they may swirl around eachother (thus causing a tornado) but they don't mix.
This was a deliberately fabricated story for the consumption of their Sunday readers and a sensationalist story one might expect from the British gutter press.
Lorelei
on wednesday, we went to kidzu.
Died hat Lon
Berkshire Blue Cheese with Pickled Blackberries and Cocoa Crisp
Rome is in constant conspiracy against the rights and liberties of man all over the world; but she is particularly so in the United States. Long before I was ordained a priest I knew that my Church was the most implacable enemy of this Republic. My professors of philosophy, history, and theology had been unanimous in telling me that the principles and laws of the Church of Rome were absolutely antagonistic to the laws and principles that are the foundation stones of the Constitution of the United States.
Anyway, I must hand out massive kudos to Karen, as well as Jenny (J.R. Turner, to you), who has worked extensively with me during the revising process of both of my novels. These two ladies totally rock. I don’t know if we’ll ever meet in person, but they can consider themselves hugged. When I started Shaken, I set-out to write Die Hard for kids, and with their help, I think I’ve accomplished that.
Down at the start of the beach was a run down cafe and it certainly could have done with modernising.
Other than the convenient exchange of communication through e-mails, chats, instant messaging and social networking, education and trade is also happening online. The opportunity of earning a degree right in your own home has just been made possible through online education. Without leaving your home you can complete each course for the degree. You need not have to spend more energy in preparing yourself for school each day; you don’t have to spend money for gas or fare to get to school as much as you don’t have to worry about being late. The same goes with online jobs. More jobs can now be done online too. You don’t necessarily have to be at a desk or cubicle in an office to do your work; you can do your work from your home and earn as much as any regular employee or even make more. With less hassles you save more resources and time to allocate on other endeavors making you do more for productive purposes. This may not just sound interesting but more so favorable too especially for those who wants to break away from the traditional routine of school and work. But wouldn’t this lifestyle make us aloof? It somehow draws me to thinking that perhaps there are other aspects of human development that may be corrupted somewhere along the way with this. Work establishments and schools are social places where people from different walks of life gather and meet for a common goal. There is more to earning a degree or making a living in the following places. It is where we learn, develop and improve our social skills too because we human beings are social beings and we need to socialize. Socialization is healthy for human development because “no man is an island”, we need others too. We need to improve our social skills as part of our growing up to make us capable of relating with others for a better friendship or relationship. As we get to meet and be with more people each time, we improve and learn how to apply our skills to work to our advantage and satisfy our needs as social beings such as the need to be heard, to be accepted, to love and be loved. The need of having a sense of belongingness is important to every human being. Besides, interaction with others physically gives more to our life experiences. We learn more about life not just from our personal experience which may involve other individuals but also through the experiences of others too. Our wealth of memories is mostly from our social experiences. So going out and doing activities with others has a huge impact to our being.
My official starting weight for this 30-week exercise challenge is 180 lbs. That's higher than my Friday weigh-in of 177.5 lbs, but that's what the scale said Sunday, so that's going to be my official starting weight. My goal has always been to lose 1 lb per week. If I manage to do that, then I'll be at 150 lbs at the end of this challenge. Given that my weight loss has been much slower over the last 6-7 months, I doubt I'll make the full 30 lbs. My hope is to lose 2 lbs every 3 weeks, which would equal 20 lbs lost over the challenge. That would put me at 160 lbs, only 5 lbs away my initial goal of 100 lbs lost. If I'm really lucky, I might even hit my goal by the time this challenge ends!
For years, I strenuously avoided turning into my mum. Having completely idolised her as a child, I then morphed into a teenager, and the rose-tinted spectacles came off. I vowed not to be loud and embarrassing in social situations like her, or have such disastrous relationships with men, or fail repeatedly at achieving goals, such as getting one’s work published.
Meanwhile, economists and research institutes have warned that Britain’s economy will continue to struggle with factors such as high inflation, rising unemployment and uncertainty in its exports market, which is strongly affected by eurozone debt.
Or maybe I’m just overanalyzing the whole thing. Wha’eva, I do what I want.
Amanda:"..."
“It’s just a doll,” I muttered, my stomach growling at the idea of getting my hands on some of those pastries.
But if you’ll think twice
We have sixteen heifer calves so far and they’re all doing well, growing as they’re supposed to. The cows are finally out in the sunshine, enjoying the grass and the warmth on their backs. They were very excited to be out on their first day, but have already got very casual about it. Ferdinand is up to his old tricks of blocking their way in then refusing to let them out into the fields after milking, but he gets bored with that eventually and they push past him. As long as he doesn’t get aggressive we should be all right.
According to Marty Griffith, director of the Williamson County Community Supervision and Corrections Department, "Because of the work of CSCDs across Texas, we have prevented three new prisons from being constructed — and having to operate three new prisons is something the state obviously cannot afford to do. But we have also eliminated the need for prison construction without jeopardizing public safety."
Some great side by side action now:
I am going...to Ikea for three more dining room chairs.
Every Friday morning I noticed a change in mood and dress at Head Office. Certain men arrived at the office wearing camouflage uniforms and armed with handguns. The men always seemed to be in jolly high spirits. By 12 o’clock those men had all left for some unknown venue, leaving vacant desks behind. Sometimes on the following Monday, I noticed that the desks of these men were still vacant, and that on occasion their desks remained vacant for the entire week.
She generally likes to wait until we are cleaning out the litter boxes every day to do her business. As if to say "Thank you, human. For giving me an appropriately clean place to take a shit. Now clean this mess up! I may have use for it again in an hour or so. Chop chop!"
Ink: Clearsnap
Now, reason #2 has recently changed with the creation of spacecraft with ion engines. These engines work on a very different principle...they continuously accelerate individual atoms past an electrified grid, which means very small thrust but over very long periods of time. For more info on this, check out NASA's FAQ on Ion propulsion currently featured on such spacecraft as the Dawn mission to asteroid Vesta.
baby you know i need to leave
If I started selling ebooks on Amazon for $9.99, I’d make $7 a book. I already make the $3-$4 per book he cites for an author’s royalty on a hardcover for an ebook priced at $5. Not that it’s possible to make that, mind you, I already have, virtually every day for several months now, and so have lots and lots and lots of other writers.
Licensed by UEFA, the 539-sticker, 64-page album collection releases to American audiences in late May, but is available for presale now at iCollectPanini.com, the official online store for Panini America.
just because potheads iz bad!
During the postwar period, the Luneburg Heath was an environmental flashpoint between Germany and the Allies. Not only did Nazi Germany surrender to the Allies on the heath, but the sacred ground was scarred up by British tanks, which used the southwestern portion of it for military maneuvers. Toepfer strongly opposed the presence of the British military in the heath, but the Brits did not leave until 1994. However, thanks largely to the efforts of Toepfer, the Luneburg Heath became the first national park of Germany in 1956.
When the cooking vegetables appear to be softer, slowly add the chicken broth and keep stirring the mixture.
Any ideas how to change an Egyptian costume into a Greek one?
I find myself very conscious of these differential spaces when I am out with my children. When we step outside our home I am aware that people are watching. The expectations I assume they have lead me to subtly alter what I let the children do. While Polly and Pip don’t fully comprehend the reasons for this, they certainly are aware that some difference exists. They know that outside our home they cannot do exactly the same things that they do in our living room.
It is perfectly feasible to so arrange our affairs such that our purchaser can go to NAMA, announce her preference, pay 25% deposit, sign the contract and away we go. Ahh, but the mortgage.
Littlehampton is a seaside town but it is also at the mouth of the River Arun (which gives its name to the historic castle town of Arundel further up). Here at the mouth, the river is sufficiently wide and deep to form a harbour for pleasure craft and smaller working boats. Littlehampton is also known for its large flocks of swans who live on the fresh waters of the river and are not above begging for food from people.
About six months later, I thought I’d try out the police routine again. This time a lone spraypainter had set up shop and was proving himself to be a damn fine depicter of the human vulva.
Offestting this irritation, I also had the enjoyable experience of receiving an unexpected package from Amazon. 5 months ago I pre-ordered ‘Straphanger’ (a slang term for public transport users) by Canadian author Taras Grascoe . According to Amazon it’s not out for another 2 weeks but I’m currently gazing at evidence to the contrary. With the tagline ‘Saving our cities and ourselves from the automobile’ I’m looking forward to assessing Taras’ viewpoint. I suspect I’ll find myself in broad agreement. For truly difficult journeys, where the public transport system has failed you, where infirm acquaintances need your assistance or where speed is absolutely of the essence, a car is useful. Necessary even. At all other times, it’s a choice. An increasingly expensive and burdensome one.
India being a nation of diverse religion, we enjoy a splendid variety of regional food, the sweets, the snacks, the festival foods and the mighty curries. It's so exciting to know that though people of different regions and caste, do not know much about the culture or customs of each other, yet the food breaks the barrier and we can see the South Indians enjoying North Indian Delicacies, while the people from north go ga-ga over the Idlis and Dosas of South. The Gujratis love to eat Mumbaiya Pavbhaji,while the Mumbaikars crave for Khaman Dhokla. The Sindhis incorporate Punjabi meals like Paneer Paalak in their cuisine, while Punjabis find Sindhi Kadhi irresistible. And these are just few examples. If you look out for the People swearing by the taste of Bengali Rosgollas, Rajashthani Gattey ki Kadhi, Hyderabadi Biryani, etc we can obviously go on and on and on.......
Thanks World Market for the entertainment that night!
Health is wealth!
I’ve always been a bit of a night owl.. you know, I like to stay up at night and work on my images. I find night-time the best time for being a little more crafty. I don’t mean getting up to no good… although that’s always an added bonus….
Make fun of me if you want to, knock romance if you must. But deep down, I think every girl would love to believe there's a man out there who'd be willing to slay a dragon and run through flames just to kiss her, despite her having 100 years worth of morning breath.
(shudder)
With so many hops, a young IPA would hit the cheek cells like paint stripper. However, the long voyage and the pale ale futures market meant the beer usually spent 12 months aging. This turned the hop bittering from an aggressive taste to a fine bouquet, which some writers described as reminding them of a French white wine.
By the time I got her from Point A to Point B,
1) “religious people are more active citizens (who) volunteer more, donate more to charity and are more likely to campaign on political issues,” and 2) “religious people are more likely to be politically progressive (people who) put a greater value on equality than the non-religious, are more likely to be welcoming of immigrants as neighbors (and) more likely to put themselves on the left of the political spectrum.”
Below are several excerpts from Cosmos and The Demon Haunted World: Science as a Candle in the Dark that illustrate what I think anyone who cares about the truth should be willing to do: pursue questions courageously. While Sagan communicated this bedrock scientific principle throughout his work, I want to draw special attention to how he dealt with religion and superstition.
Done exposing after 30 minutes!
contrary. As the government
I created the pendant focal using an image transfer method for polymer clay. The digital image was created by Lynn Palazzo using one of the famous Victorian "Flower Girls" (Lynn, I hope you don't mind me using it again, it is still my favorite!)
Yesterday I made a blog about Schrödinger’s cat and the implications it has for quantum mechanics. Today I would like to talk about a more extreme Schrödinger’s cat experiment where the lowly cat is replaced for an actual scientist. This seems like a very crazy experiment to conduct and it is, because the scientist will most likely die, but maybe, just maybe, he will survive and live to test more stuff another day.
And really, the pain just doesn’t go away. It hides in a dark corner of your soul for a little while. Then, when you least expect it, it comes out of hiding and squeezes your heart, & tears at your soul until you can’t stop the tears. It rips you to pieces until you just want to stop feeling, then slips back into hiding again, waiting for the next time you think you’re feeling strong, so it can tear at you again and show you that you’re not as strong as you thought. You’re still that half person. Broken. Torn, and wondering if the wounds will ever heal.
almost as good as new the next day. Tough little guy.
“New Jersey’s two US senators, Frank Lautenberg and Robert Menendez, followed that up with their own news release heaping praise on the nominee.What no one mentioned is that McNulty, 57, was the last-minute choice of Lautenberg, who had been leaning toward other candidates until surprisingly submitting McNulty’s name to the White House. Lautenberg and his aides have given no public explanation for the decision to go with McNulty even though the latter had never been publicly touted as a contender for the job, which carries life tenure and a $174,000-a-year salary.”No one knows why he did it,” said one person involved in the nomination process. “Everyone thinks it’s all about 2014 and Frank making sure he has Chuck in his corner.”The White House declined to comment, as did McNulty.
Obtaining an immigrant visa for a foreign national in the employer-sponsored second-preference (EB-2) or third-preference (EB-3) categories generally is a two-step process requiring both Department of Labor (DOL) and USCIS approval. The first step is obtaining an approved labor certification from DOL. The second step is obtaining an approved immigrant petition from USCIS.
small package frozen corn kernals
It was a long bridal show and Brian's booth was literally the last one we visited (it happened to be in the corner in the end opposite of where we started). We saw a lot of cake vendors and I'm happy to say his booth was definitely the most unique and I'm sure really stood out from the others.
Each map has a section outlined in bold pink lettering "The following summarises what is currently predicted to happen without action by businesses to reduce the number of journeys."
Keep in mind: “It is well known that psychopaths often convincingly malinger, fake mental illness, when it is to their advantage to do so”, From Without Conscience by Dr. Robert Hare.
It is the number, not the sense
In his autobiography, the great Rock guitarist Eric Clapton tells of adverts he saw while touring Jamaica for immigrants to come here and how clear it was that they were being brought here as cheap labour.
Rounds 5-15: Knit
There are blog posts floating around in my head waiting to be written and I have even started two which I hope to finish soon. Until then a quick snapshot of my favorite girls!
The more the communists gained a stranglehold on the ANC, the more it was presented as a "nationalist" movement concerned only with justice and advancing the cause of SA's Black people. Of course there are and always have been many in the ANC with no Marxist/socialist aspirations whatsoever and who, knowingly, would have nothing to do with communism.
Participating in plenaries, round tables and side events
I have to give tophatter.com lots of props for this insanity.
it's essential.
Okay, remember my last MAC lipstick and how much I loved it? Well it's still great and all, but I've discovered the shade is a titch toooo dark and it is just a little toooo drying to wear regularly. And because of my short attention span, if I don't wear it regularly, I pretty much don't wear it at all. But this, my friends, this is the real deal.
They start it from the second the car parks (sometimes before, as they are at the windows) until you get into the temple. Non stop and they come running from hundreds of feet away. This was made more intense by the fact that Rich is very tall and noticeable and I am quite white and I guess I look like a shopper.... Luckily the sellers are not allowed in most temples, but they swarm you when you come inn and out. And the ones selling postcards are almost always little kids. And no one knows what no means.
"Computer!" I call out, "What has happend to the Captain's Journal?"
Couple?: Nothing seems to suggest they are, so I’ll go with ‘no’.
The government could also start collecting the £120 billion tax per year which is avoided or evaded by the rich every year but instead the government is proposing to cut staffing numbers in HM revenues & customs making it almost impossible to close the tax gap. These are public sector workers who actually bring in revenue which shows that this is definitely an ideological attack on the public sector are the services working class people rely on.
“I would never do that, even though you are very… attractive.” She wasn’t, but the complement wouldn’t hurt. She scoffed. I eased myself on the front edge of bed. “I wanted to ask you some questions.”
Has Karnataka ceased to be a democratic State any more?
It’s amazing the things kids pick from their parents, I would have never thought love for shoes would be one of them. But if there is ever any doubt that she is my daughter, I am certain her love for shoes would prove otherwise.
I remember how we would drive by every single day during the building process, trying to figure out what work had been done that day. We would sit on the curb across the street and stare at it in silence, full of excitement.
and keeping up with other blogs
At some point my mom called from my grandfather’s house and she said that my uncle ME had come to visit my grandfather, and so I walked to my grandfather’s house to greet him.
But, terribly, the tears roll down
Vegetable oil- 1/2 tbsp
-Super T.I.M.E Force: So I didn’t get to play too much with this but! It’s a game where you fight left to right, as tradition dictates, but when you die and restart, you fight along your past self. And you can save yourself in the past to grant an extra life in the present! It’s… super cool.
A. If a person has not been there he cannot say anything on the basis of words. If a man was 60 or 80 and had seen a white bear there and told me about it, he could be believed.
Drill, baby drill!
Long story short- When we were younger we both got into odd ball music, and were both record collector nerds, and, big surprise- we both still are... There's none of this "How'd you meet your wife" "How many kids you got" crap for us, we got straight to talking music. It's a beautiful thing when you can just pick up right where you left off, as if the last 15 years were only 15 days...
“Wahl, these bootsw aren’t going to exactly march themselves back to HicksTown all by themselves,” Greg retorts.
Small mushroom patch in the making
(As far as the brewing went, throughout the boil he hopped it with Styrian, Nugget, Chinook, East Kent Golding and Fuggles, finishing it off with Cascade.)
‘What is your favorite drink, Mom?’ Ryan asked me as our car passed by a liquor store. ‘I love mango Lassi, what’s yours Ryan?’ I asked politely since I knew he was bursting at the seams to tell me.
“I have a present for you.” Addison smiled sweetly as Christian’s eyes met hers.
French women are very beautiful (they are famous for their looks and femininity anyway!) and interesting, but they are ‘classy’ and not ‘sexy’. Light make-up, elegant clothes, mild manners, as well as simple and practical aesthetics in general, respecting the time and the right of the women when they cannot afford to spend hours to look ‘pretty’ or ‘hot’… Nothing of the explosive and provocative sensuality of the latin woman, who tries to light a fire that will burn all men’s hearts. French women walk in low shoes, wearing comfortable clothes and they also count on their spirit, their ability to make an interesting discussion, during a walk or a dinner. In fact, they are not so much into the ‘prey and hunter game’, with several principles of the feminist movement being well ingrained in the French society.
Oh, oh, and about this same time of year, many years ago, he had frozen his hands playing basketball in the driveway.
SEC. 54. The following described persons or their legal successors in right, occupying lands in the Philippines, or claiming to own any such land or interest therein but whose titles to such land have not been perfected may apply to the Court of Land Registration of the Philippine Islands for confirmation of their claims and the issuance of a certificate of title therefor to wit –
“Because I love you, Junsu-ah.”
Prudent lenders will wish to observe some borrower equity. In pre-Bubble times a minimum 25% contribution was often considered appropriate.
Alright, so I have been doing pretty good with my self improvement project. I am going to start a check-list method on here to list what I do each day.
Bless, + O Lord, this creature beer, which thou hast deigned to produce from the fat of grain: that it may be a salutary remedy to the human race, and grant through the invocation of thy holy name; that, whoever shall drink it, may gain health in body and peace in soul. Through Christ our Lord.
A pinch of nutmeg
But rather than repeat myself, this is what I sent to Jerry Zremski on the subject.
What’s important here is to remember the grand narrative of the biblical story. We have to remember Israel’s purpose. We have to go back to Genesis 12:1-3, God’s revelation and mission to Abraham. God tells Abraham through him all the clans of the earth will be blessed. It’s not about one people group being better than another. It’s not ethnocentrism. It’s about God’s plan to redeem the world. It’s about saving humanity from the inside out. Israel is the vehicle for that plan. Therefore, Amalek could not be allowed to succeed. As long as Amalekite lungs drew air, the plan was not safe. The salvation of the world stood on the brink.
A literary coming-of-age novel, dealing with courage, prejudice, judgement, and the difficulty of sorting right from wrong in our complex world.
Gina: 2.3
The universal perfumer sure got it all right in spring. Aided and abetted by the power of that dormant root energy as it springs into phenomenon above ground.
The NACT Government has already introduced a number of austerity measures including cuts in employer contribution to Kiwisaver, introduction of legal temporary work, keeping the minimum wage and wages in general below the rate of inflation, tax cuts to the rich and GST (consumption tax) rises for the poor etc. Accompanying the tax cuts for the bosses is cuts in funding for the welfare state including caps on health and education spending. This will turn public health and public education into the private perks of the rich. This will mean a cut in living standards to most workers and a further widening of the income gap.
Dangerous Dogs is the buzz word this week….and we not referring to the kennel at Tower D…there is now a lot of hullabulloo about the rightness or wrongness of the act, which some feel unfairly targets pitbull terriers and their owners. Don’t all dogs have the potential to be dangerous? Should just pitbulls be targetted (there are two other breeds named, but their numbers are few in Trinidad) or maybe dogs unleashed, and dogs over a certain size?
The valley is a strange place that I would say is governed by unusual rules, but there are no rules in the valley.
I am quite militant on this. If traditional concepts of copyright aren’t obsolete, then they should be. Make everything accessible to everyone, smash the tattered industry to bits! Bring music back to the people and reward the people who make it! The only people who should be getting upset about copyright and a lack of industry are the company executives, and they often provide very little to the actual culture of the music.
…it didn’t last very long…
New Hampshire – Murder is Binding by Lorna Barrett
return to you, always
Hey but the tutorial is up LOL. If I ever get everything all together watch out world.
Christopher Fowler – Norman Wisdom And The Angel Of Death
I’m not saying these things don’t happen.
I love you Sammy.... I am blessed to be your mom, you are truly God's gift.
Check out these great Mother’s Day varieties that I found on Pintrest…
There was a woman named Mary.
she gets me every time...
Our baby had his first birthday today and was forced to pretend-blow out (not that he can blow out anything at this point) a Christmas candle. Yes, years from now, Jack will look back at pictures from his first birthday and see his mom standing with his cake on one side and his dad with a short, fat, candy cane-striped candle (with sparkles, no less) on the other.
At about 4:15am I stopped at what turned out to be a sales-tax check-post. I finally washed the sand off my face, neck and limbs and refilled the drinking water. My left foot had started to hurt during the last hour of riding the previous day and it was still bad. The tendons around the back of the ankle and the heel seemed stiff. The only thing I could do was wear my canvas shoes that had ankle support and tie them up tight, that seemed to help a bit. The nape was already bad, and now I had the ankle to worry about as well. But then pain like that, after all, is subjective. It’s just something you have to overcome I guess.
Oh, gosh, I am really out of it today. I stayed up until 4:15 a.m. working on Angela's birthday card. And it is not done yet. At some point, before midnight, I decided I didn't really like the color of the little girl's shirt. So I tried to lighten it up and made an ungodly mess out of it. You ever do that? I was so ticked off at myself. So I tore it up. Into little pieces. Yeah, just like that. And then I picked myself up, brushed myself off, and started all over again. By the time I was done coloring and messing with different elements for the card, it was 4:15. Imagine my surprise! I had no idea. I wasn't even yawning.
All I will add is that, despite the helpful suggestions of both our daughters, the title of the sequel to ‘Daring to Fly’ is not going to be ‘Splat’. To think that we gave them each a special edition, too. Goodness me. No, let me be clear for a minute… they are an inspiration to us both, and they’re behind all that I do.
"Yes, Clay, " I sighed.
...is a continual work in progress.
DPs: Bo Bunny's "Crush" Collection
(The word limits are so, well, limiting, but the Trifectra writing prompts are kinda fun–this is another one for their 33-words-each-by-3-different-characters prompt)
Most ideologies do not work because: (A) the leaders prefer to use vague ambiguous terminology, for fear they shall not be able to get enough slaves and cannon fodder followers to make a commitment to joining their ideology tribe, so as to manipulate the rules that they are not beholden to the rules, but benefit from good rules, and are excluded from the rules they don't like, but expect all followers to follow; (B): hence the followers are unable to make fully informed decisions and hence their commitment is not sincere nor serious, and (C) the followers fight amongst themselves, because they are unclear about the rules; while the leaders live like parasites on the followers, while keeping the followers focused on arguing with each other, and not on the fact that the leaders ideological rules and definitions are deliberately vague, for the purpose of their benefit from the situation. This results in people becoming pissed off with their 'ideology' and turning to another ideology for answers, or digging in deeper and blaming the other ideolgies as being the causes of their problems. You heard the victim me pity parties: OH ITS THE JEWS.. , its the COMMIES.. its the CAPITALISTS... its the FEMINISTS... and on and on!! When the underlying problem is: NO HONOUR, NO HONESTY, NO CLARITY, NO CLEAR DEFINITIONS, NO FULLY INFORMED CONSENT.
What are some of your favorites? Please share them with me and the other readers.
Intellectually bankrupt liberals are hyping the Marxist class warfare strategy of demonizing businesses. But when the government taxes businesses and business owners, businesses and those who own them merely a) raise their prices and pass those taxes on to you the customer, and b) invest less and hire less. And who ends up getting hurt the most?
Heaven alone knew what the people of Vessit would think when she walked into town. The new settlement snuggled colourfully up against the concrete and glass of the abandoned old city. Beyond, the sea glistened under shafts of sunlight slicing through broken cloud, low enough to sting the eyes. But for the faintest hint of a twist where the shore cut up to the horizon, there was no sign that the First Realm ended a bare handful of miles out from the coast.
Cover the bowl and place in the refrigerator for at least an hour or two. Until fish is opaque and firm. (The acids of the lemon juice cook the fish).
The fall was because the government slapped Mexico with visa restrictions to deal with what it regarded were a steady steam of bogus asylum claims coming out of the country, some claims being Mexican newly-weds honeymooning in Canada on our dime. Only 10% of asylum claims made by Mexican nationals are ever accepted. The rest are either rejected or abandoned.
“I would say let me be with my friends so I can be with them. They want me to play as much as I want to play with them.”
2 cups arborio rice
I rather hurriedly pulled into a gas station (yeah, brain wave, that, pulling into a FLAMMABLE GAS STATION when your car could be ON FIRE!) and got my purse and anything I wanted to keep out of the car, and then stood next to the gas pump flapping my hands at the attendant (it was a full service station). He was finishing up with a customer and told me he'd be with me in a minute. I'm all like "Um, my car could be, um, on fire, and um, like, what should I do and do you have water or a fire extinguisher or something?" (flap hands , wave wrists helplessly, look really dumb) but I said this in a really stupid girly voice cuz, really, how do you deal with your car shooting smoke out of most of its major orifices?
While I expressed amazement and got my breath back Orlando grinned and told me that all the grapes for his wines were hand picked and then came up to the winery the same way – it must be back breaking work heaving tubs of grapes up these steps and slopes.
We did not have to wait long. Our next research assignment took us to Luweero, to interview individual users and learn more about their financial flows and sources of income. As luck would have it, we encountered two registered mobile money users who were also operating as last-mile agents – providing mobile money services to people in their village as a side business.
Danes and Lewis have dominated the reviews when it comes to Homeland, so much so that Mandy Patinkin’s performance gets overlooked. Patinkin’s character is, Saul Berenson, a high ranking member of the CIA who is desperately trying to stay positive in a job that is dominated by backstabbers and liars Though they butt heads often, Sol acts as a mentor to Carrie, trusting her and helping her in even the worst of situations. Patinkin gives a great performance as Sol, portraying the man as what I would describe as a sad soul. He always has people’s best interests at heart but never gets the victories he deserves.
or sometimes I throw in a french word and it means something random in English like
If this turns out alright, it is possibly the first ever cask-conditioned Belgian Cascadian Dark Rye ale ever produced in a commercial brewery. Who knows.
‘Help me,’ she’d begged. ‘My train is late, and I must get to my sick mother.’
The dynamic extends to local campaigns. After a top executive of an Ohio company called Check 'n Go sent emails asking employees to give at least $200 to a hopeful in a local race, one employee quit. "We were told that this was voluntary, but our understanding was that a failure to do so would impact our careers," said the employee, Michael Donovan, a district director of operations."
The Hope Within by Tracie Peterson Book 4 in the Heirs of Montana Series
Finally I decided I felt good enough to make some beads, but then :HORROR! The computer controller of my kiln refused to work!!! Now I do have an old chili pepper kiln from before they were sold with digital controllers. Mine had the old "hand" control and a good friend who is a computer engineer and major nerd, built me a computer control out of an old regular computer. He wrote a fantastic controlling programm that allows me to run both my bead annealer and my fusing kiln. But now after more than 7 years of loyal services, the computer would not work any more. After some long distance diagnosis( he lives nearly 700 kilometres from us) he said he would have to make me a new hard disk with the program and send it back to me.
“Mark Allison (Tina’s son): ‘They say the spine went through the brain from the impact — obviously from being hit from behind.’
We can't believe it has been 6 weeks since we got home. We have a sweet, charming little girl who is just adorable. Her tantrums have almost stopped as she has gotten comfortable with the changes in her life. She speaks 40+ English words now and understands many, many more.
I hate to admit it but I watch The Bachelor. And this season's group of women are especially psycho.
Before its watery free-fall
By the way Harrison Ford was amazing...I really wanted to punch the guy...heehee.
*I love that you like my music and prefer it to what is currently popular most of the time. I am sorry if this makes you unpopular at some point though. Until you decide differently, thanks for enjoying music with me.
But not really.
I see birds fly across the
The authors (and previous reviewers, if any), of the document I was talking about, did not seem to have bothered. There was vernacular, for cryin’ out loud! Actually, even if the authors had simply copied the content off some other similar documents submitted in the past, they would have sort of responded to the client’s questions.
Addressing this last point first, many believe that a craft beer cannot be adequately judged short of a full serving, or without an adequate volume to consume. Some beers change their nature through the course of a full glass, and some mature for both good and ill as they warm. An otherwise tasty sip may turn cloying with a full serving, or an off-putting sourness may turn pleasant after just a few ounces. Many flavor elements may not be immediately apparent or detectable with only a brief sample.
The last time I saw Abdulrahim Abdul Rahman was at 1.30 PM on Monday 18 December 2006, as a spanking-new AADK Kia Pregio took us from the Pusat Khidmat AADK Kuantan at Jalan Gambut to the Terminal Makmur a short distance away.
This charity in Berea was set up in response by literally creating a “hole-in-the-wall” surrounding the property, which was basically a swing door with a nestled alarm that would alert staff when a new abandoned baby had arrived.
So yeah. (Man I sure do say that a lot don’t I.)
Qaradawi is also influential through a wide network of affiliations. In the U.S., he is the chairman (in abstenia) of the Michigan-based Islamic American University (IAU), a subsidiary of the Muslim American Society (MAS), according to the MAS Web site. The university aims to provide Islamic higher education, especially to converts and non-practicing Muslims, according to the IAU Web site. Qaradawi is also listed by the IAU as a faculty member.
“Who is this?”
Any tips on dealing with mean members of the general public? And especially, any tips on how to keep your cool (and not cry!) would be much appreciated.
I've discovered some more simple things I love:
Admit it, like me, you cannot see the word “fragile” on a box without blurting out “FRAH-GHEE-LAY”….”It’s French! It’s a Major Prize! I won a Major Prize!”
24. Mysterious Mose - Ted Weems & His Orch.
We could actually attempt to answer that question.
Despite my politics and my instincts, I would be fool to deny that love can cross racial barriers, however, true love has little to do with many of the interracial relationships currently so fashionable in our society and in which various other factors are at play. In many of those relationships the women are not treated well, in some they are treated very badly, and I wonder if, as with the men who paid to be abused by Cynthia Payne, for some white women, that might be the point.
I got Cowgill to hack into Beaver's Twitter account and send an invitation to Sarah Palin for tea at Badfort!
The new study included 1,239 girls ages 6 to 8 who were recruited from schools and examined at one of three sites: the Mount Sinai School of Medicine in Manhattan, Cincinnati Children’s Hospital or Kaiser Permanente Northern California/University of California, San Francisco. The group was roughly 30 percent each white, black and Hispanic, and about 5 percent Asian.
Pandora.com is the perfect, free, service to help you put together the right playlist for your party. You enter the name of a song or artist and they will create and play a playlist for you with music by that artist and similar sounding songs. You won't end up with a playlist of one artist.
Impulse Records was more than just a label. It was an identity. It was a statement. Impulse Records was a musical brand of artistry that provided some of jazz’s greatest creators with a platform for making some of their very best music. The new wave of jazz was indeed on Impulse!
1) How did God use this person’s upbringing to shape the person he/she would later become?
Are we Irish? Not one teeny weeny bit! Do we love cheap entertainment and seeing our children have happy faces, especially when mom and dad get into it 150%? Oh we sure do.
You see, it occurred to a few men and women that reality was not progressing to a greater society, that life wasn’t always as rational as those who came before them wanted to think. In fact, to them, life was absolutely absurd, and rationality and reason had failed to give purpose to reality. This reality was a great weight upon them, crushing their very souls, requiring a rejection of what many thought was true and a substitution of new truth, all of this through the efforts of the individual. They became suspicious of any blind faith to reason and rationality, and encouraged others to take leaps of faith and become ubermensches and be greater than what their beliefs had allowed them to be! What did we do in return?
when I will make a new covenant
Oh, and one more thing.
so, tell us a little about yourself?
The answer is simple, apparently, boys don't read about girls. Boys are above that kind of thing. I keep reading blog posts about how horrible romance is, how it shouldn't be the dominant theme in a book, how it's turning off male readers, and omg-YA-authors-stop-turning-the-children-into-zombie-bots-like-seriously.
I wrote a bit about my reasons and goals for blogging here, and they are still evolving. But I do hope that I will continue to strive for greatness, for being content with being a thing of beauty, and not worry about success as the world measures it. I am thankful that the God I serve measures my heart and while doing so also doles out His merciful grace freely.
Critic’s Score: 8.6
Gingrich: this is the most fundamental
Before making our move to Peru, I remember telling my kids while we were still in Virginia that there was only one thing that I was definitely going to miss.
Getting a lot of exposure on carried trades (all at a current loss). Due to the various position sizes, I’d like to actually trim that back a bit, so I’ll probably take quicker profits than normal on a couple positions, when available.
In 1982 On the late-night sketch-comedy program Second City TV in 1982, released a version on the SCTV spin-off album Great White North, in which the gifts included eight comic books, seven packs of smokes (cigarettes), six packs of two-four ("two-four" is Canadian slang for a case of 24 bottles of beer), five golden toques, four pounds of back bacon, three (pieces of) French toast, two turtlenecks, and a beer in a tree (identified early on in the song merely as "a beer"). They did not get past the eighth day; Bob wanted to include a dozen (12) doughnuts on the twelfth day.
It is important that we continually encourage our faith. Choose a way you’ll grow in your faith this week: 1) write a letter to Jesus, telling him any doubts you have about him 2) Talk to a Christian friend about what you believe in Jesus 3) Share about your faith with a non Christian friend. For extra impact, invite him or her to church next week.
Happy Tuesday and Welcome back! We are loving all of your fabulous entries for our DT call! Don't forget to keep them coming this week. Here's what we are looking for in case you missed last week's challenge:
Other nonsearchers are what BJ Lifton, in her work “Lost and Found: The Adoption Experience” refers to as ‘militant nonsearchers’. These nonsearchers are, unlike the first group, generally very critical of those who do search, and are belligerent about their own status. BJ Lifton quotes an anonymous letter writer in “Lost and Found”; “Spare me, then, the histrionics! I feel sorry for those who are beset by imaginary monsters;please, however don’t try to set them on those of us who are busy with the reality of living in the present.” (p.75)
The bronze medalist in Daegu, Borzakovski only raced one other time outside of Russia in a 6 meet season. And while he did beat Lewandowski at Worlds, the Pole simply had the better overall season in spite of Borzo’s finishing one place ahead in Daegu.
Lisa runs her hands through her long hair.
Sorry, Ajinkya Rahane, you might have played a good knock for Rajasthan Royals, but it does not hold any significance if you carry your bat through the innings and lose the game. This game is a cruel one, indeed. All it matters is a positive result (win), which they failed to produce. They lost the game on their own. It turned out to be a suicidal run chase. How can a team lose chasing 150 odd runs, after they get a start of almost 100 (99) runs for the opening partnership? Had their batsmen crumbled like a pack of cards, a defeat would have been acceptable. But, not with the way Royals started the chase.
After all, I miss you guys!
We talked about the forecasted low of 11 degrees (I don't think it really went that low) and the measures Frank and I were taking to avoid frozen pipes.
St. Joseph’s Cemetery, Kendall, Wisconsin
of the sea…
Last week at the end of the 30 Rock live episode, the weird new Hazel character came out and ripped up a picture of Sinead O’Connor. Previously I did not care for this Hazel character. I am now willing to allow myself to appreciate her. Not because I dislike Sinead. In fact, I love her. I love that Sinead knowingly trashed a promising pop career to make a statement she felt needed to be made. Catholic or not, one has to admire the audacity she had and still has. And I love that 30 Rock took this cultural classic and enshrined it in its tribute /parody (tributody ?) to live TV.
Unfortunately appropriate scripture verses do not come to mind when they are the most needed. For this reason the holy Word must be read, studied, memorized so that we would be able to give an answer to those who would withstand the truth. I cite these two verses from Colossians. First it is 3:16. “Let the word of Christ dwell in you richly in all wisdom, teaching and admonishing one another.” Then in 4:6, “Let your speech be always with grace, seasoned with salt, that ye may know how ye ought to answer every man.”
On his deathbed, Bolivar asked his aide-de-camp, General Daniel Florencio O’Leary to burn the extensive archive of his writings, letters, and speeches. O’Leary disobeyed the order and his writings survived, providing historians with a vast wealth of information about Bolivar’s classical liberal philosophy and thought.
In the early 1990s the United States and the European Community used the weakness of the post-Soviet Russian leadership to impose economic and cultural embargo on all of the three peripheral states. The model was copied partly from the regime of sanctions the West imposed on the Comecon since 1948, known under the abbreviation of “Cocom” (Coordinating Committee on Multilateral Export Controls) forbidding all Western firms to export “strategic” commodities into the Rouble zone. By the way: the “Cocom”-embargo against Moscow survived the overthrow of the communist regime in 1991. Officially it was transformed in 1995 to an new regime of trade regulations called Wassenaar agreement. But the embargo-policy continued. So IBM was sentenced to a fine of 9 millions of US-Dollars because of selling high-tech-computers to Russia – and in this case we speak of the year 1998.
My Dear,
I'm really wondering what other type of cardboard containers I could find in the grocery store now. I'm not saying take out all the Sidekicks (or whatever else) from the box and take the box, but if it's empty and just sitting there, why not?!
It is two days until Christmas now. The children just discovered all the stocking stuffers hidden in my closet. I think I said something about how Christmas is now ruined. (If anybody leaves a comment about how this was just deserts for lying to my kids about Santa, I will delete it. Oh yeah, I will.)
From Canada and around the world, Blaise Dubois has put together a list of running injury specialists and their specialties. If you’re a bit of geek (like me) and want to know what science is saying about a specific aspect of running, check it out!
one ha’ penny,
I'll look through my inspiration file. I have inspiration files for every book I write, but I also have a general inspiration file, filled with photos that I'll post here for my visual inspiration, like one of my favorites,
Is gone--wherever it goes--for good,
As fate would have it, Linda sprained her ankle one Friday. She was struggling with crutches.
Have you heard about meat glue? I did and I was curious. So I looked this up. Here is what I found.
“I did not,” Sebelius responded.
Cheers to our beautiful planet and the universe that gives us life today.
Avery Brewing Company Karma
I actually did okay though. So no complaints. The Jackets have a young team, with rookie Ryan Johansen leading the way. Unfortunately, UD featured star Rick Nash in Series One, and Jeff Carter in Series Two. Jeff Carter is now in L.A. Too bad for me.
Kara and Lizzie grew up having very little and believe they are worthless, when really it is the exact opposite on both accounts. This is how many people see themselves, but really each of us is worth so much and can have have everything through being a child of God. This book is such a great story that is filled with suspense, heartache and promise! My heart went out to these girls and Amanda and I found myself wanting to help them (as if they were real!). Blackstock has written numerous novels and this one is at the top for being the best! This is a great reminder of God's love for each of His children!
I do indeed have a list and the work is now in motion,as the list gets shorter you feel that your efforts have been put to good use and you feel better about yourself.
My daughter's mind has become quite a garden too. Things have taken root there that I've planted, that my mother has planted, that her teachers at school and the parish priest and even the damned TV have planted there, and like any child's mind seedlings are growing there that have come from me without even knowing it. Photography, for instance. I don't leave the house without my camera, haven't gone anywhere without a camera in probably two decades or more. Me? I like my camera. I didn't realise my daugher was watching all this time. Makes me wonder about how often she's seen me pick my nose.
TY: Describe your book using only one sentence.
Yes, I had two dresses made for Grad ball because I was so scared one won’t make it in time. FUNNY THING WAS, they arrived at the same time! HAHAHAHA. Oh well.
He focuses on all the wrong stuff – mostly the things that make him feel rotten about himself. In this episode, I wanted him to focus on the fact that I was purposefully changing my initial reaction to Simon. They could both see that my first reaction was being mad. But I was working on changing that before saying anything out loud. I wanted Micah to see that it is possible to stop yourself from just reacting to what’s happening. You really can choose to think about it first and then respond. He focuses on the fact that he should have been more patient and waited longer before saying anything. Oh, Micah, you are missing the point! But the more I try to explain it, the more upset he gets and before long he moves his thunderstorm to a different room.
This episode is dedicated to the life and memory of my grandfather, Andrew Spiter.
What is the motivation for the English and Norwegian Defense league leadership to covertly shut down the Norway v. Breivik :: Uncensored and Anders Breivik :: Habeus Mentem pages?
(edited to add in the pictures)
Location (above): Loch Lomond Spit, on San Pablo Bay, near San Rafael.
And mute incomprehension
- Get rid of the clutter in my craft room – Ebay it, donate it to daycare or bin it. - Ebaying finished for now.
Beginning with some simple yoga positions, followed by stretching and breathing, moving on to balance training (very important for the over sixties!), step class, jogging and cycling ending with more yoga and stretching.
(Words on the picture are not actually in the movie)
May your children
Don’t get caught in the trap of always trying to please a narcissist. Also protect your sensitivity. Refrain from confiding your deepest feelings to someone who won’t cherish them.
Tomorrow, give the breath just a few more moments of precious time-free time.
An unsuccessful visit when the bankomat was undergoing 'technical maintenance': ie it had broken down.
They may see an animal in me
Pre heat the oven at 180 degrees.
STUDY III
Bake for 35-40 minutes or until a skewer inserted comes out clean.
Wow, I thought.
Highrises will impose upon Guelph’s “timeless European style, beauty and ambiance that we all enjoy,” Tony Darmon told council. “I fear we will lose the very heart of what makes Guelph special.”
But today is the day.
Starred appellation Beat all cups in all modes with 1-star appraisement or better
I hope that you've enjoyed lots of relaxation time and tons of fun with your family and friends! Me? Well... I spent the last three weeks laying low and reading a bunch - trying to get over a nasty virus. It was a doosie! I sure hope that you've been able to steer clear of it.
I've enjoyed all of Sierra's anniversary offerings since 2007, and this one is really nice. Complex, yet extremely drinkable, and not overly powerful. It's on the high side of a session beer. 2 to 3 bottles per session.
The hollow voice emanated from all corners of the room.
How is everyone's December going? Is everyone's Christmas card making going good? Or are you all done with your cards?
“But you asked a bit of the other: why do people have so many different qualities: positive — and negative?
But other than that.
We mourned the loss of two lives, the soft grey fur, the beautiful iridescent feathers and webbed feet, and blessed them and gave thanks for the fact that they would not be wasted.
I don’t begrudge Jim Marshall for my hearing loss. I loved every minute of banging my Slingerland drums amidst loud and sloppy-ass electric guitar players and Hammond organ-Leslie speaker piping keyboard fumblers. We were making music and the guitar players were more often than not, playing their riffs through a Marshall amplifier. The idea of “waiting for tubes to warm up” is something that musicians today I suppose, are clueless about.
For this weeks challenge we, want to see your appreciation for all things found on Earth.
Decisions. Should I move to San Jose? Should I commute from SF? How do I commute if I don't have a car? Do I buy a car? The season (weeks of work) didn't seem long enough to merit moving to San Jose, and more importantly I didn't want to give up the gifts San Francisco has to offer. San Francisco was worth the commute and still is.
My overall impressions on the collection:
Richard Dawkins.
Where the Blue Men are splashing round the Shiant Isles!
So today I will go to the infusion room at the hospital for treatment and joke around with the nurses and all my chemo comrades. We’ll hang out in our vinyl recliners while poison drips into our veins and we’ll laugh…because we always do.
Get some sleep and have a great Christmas morning.
He (in essence) is telling Nic that it’s not about knowledge, it’s all about life. God’s life, eternal life, divine life, uncreated life. And that he will never understand anything that He is doing or saying until he has this life of God within him.
Wishing, wanting for something more
And just to make sure even the dimmest understand, Obama banishes the term "war on terror." It's over -- that is, if it ever existed.
Last time we ate at Walt’s, I ordered the sausage and sauerkraut. It was dreadful. The kraut was overly tart and the sausage had been boiled so long that, once the casing was broken, it had the consistency of oatmeal. I’m no carnivore, but even a sometimes vegetarian like myself wants a little firmness when she eats flesh.
VI. THE WINE
Oil (to cover the pot thinly)
But the room just feels a bit blah even with all that yellow. Maybe if the yellow had been peacock blue or purple instead I wouldn't even have thought about it. But as it is right now, it's the first thing I thought of (and the inspiration for this post).
Give the poor woman a break. Turn your venom and spite to the newspaper that set her up to take this massive fall. And leave Samantha Brick alone to lick her wounds in peace. I hope she makes a killing on the basis of this story. She deserves it with all the nastiness which has been sent in her direction this last few days. But twitter will move on and she will be forgotten, and the ones counting the £££ will be the Daily Mail.
“I enjoyed highlighting the different projects, educating others on the meaningful ways that the students are serving the children in their communities, and showing the pride that Instructional Assistant students take within the field of education,” Cruz said.
Then he continues digging his hole deeper: “’Sonia Braga was my idea of a Latin woman,’ I tell Sofia. ‘That was all I wanted — great food and amazing sex. I even learned a little Portuguese so that I could communicate with her when I found her. I went to Brazil, and I did find my own Sonia Braga.’
But last night, everything changed. I suddenly saw that my friend had only been holding a mirror for me so that I could see my fears regarding Michael’s diagnosis. If I hadn’t been afraid already, my friend’s fears would have only been…. well HIS fears. I would have felt compassion that he was so scared.
“I’d say the province isn’t doing a good job,” Bankes said when an Alberta court quashed the First Nation’s initial appeal last year.
Most of us have grown up with and been influenced by gender stereotypes. Our view of the opposite sex is corrupted by various notions that society says are true.
Bryant KA, Stover BH, Batcher DF, et al. A multi-center influenza immunization initiative for pediatric health care workers. Presented at the 38th annual meeting of the Infectious Disease Society of America (IDSA), 9/8/2000, New Orleans; ICHE.
Last night, just before the chalice lighting, I read a dunning notice from B’s school about notes explaining absences. It pushed all of my buttons. Unfounded accusations. Us-verses-them language. Litigiousness. Misplaced priorities. They couldn’t have pushed more of my buttons if they’d tried. I crafted a fitting reply, sealed it, put it in B’s bag, and, feeling not good, but feeling justified, I joined him for the chalice.
Yes, it's true. True-ish anyway. Don't burst a guy's bubble, just go with it.
"I'm making my debut as a runway model, walking in the MUGLER PARIS FASHIONSHOW 3/2. I directed the show music, previewing Government Hooker."
Of course there are the pro-life people, who almost always bring up and force in religion, and then there are the pro-choice people, who talk about the woman's right to choose what to do with her own body.
Growing up, mum always encouraged us to do what we were passionate about and never judged us. She is a firm believer in the fact that we have to live our own lives and she can guide and provide support but will never try to own us which I will be forever grateful for. As a result, she has four kids that are all passionate contributors to the planet as we all love what we are doing and are happy.
So now, after 35 years of living: 1/2 of them more or less as an adult on my own, I know what my grandma knew when she was just a girl. Every house needs a box of Borax!
The good conversations are when you don’t have to pretend. And hopefully they aren’t either.
Any who, I have been meaning to post this layout that I did for one of the challenges over at S4A. If you haven't stopped by yet, then you should...there are tons of scrappy challenges going on over there.
“Our Lords find it dull in the underworld. They think a nice game would invigorate them. They would like to welcome you to their home for a game of ball”, added Macaw owl.
That's about it for me today. I can't believe I only have 3 days left in this challenge! Where did the time go? If you've missed any of my previous posts, you can click on the link on the right-hand side of my blog. Now that you've seen my work, head on over to Traci's site and see what she's working on today.
I came to know about this recipe from my neighbor - Mrs. Sowmya Bharat, am happy to mention her name in this post that she's more then a friend of mine n she's such a lovely person whom i met my life.
To condemn free-market capitalism because of anything going on today makes no sense. There is no evidence that capitalism exists today. We are deeply involved in an interventionist-planned economy that allows major benefits to accrue to the politically connected of both political spectrums. One may condemn the fraud and the current system, but it must be called by its proper names — Keynesian inflationism, interventionism, and corporatism.
Soft Suede cardstock stamped in Soft Suede with Paisley Petals Stamp set.
However, Irwin’s line and dot pieces from the 60s do not feel mathematical or precise in the way that say Donald Judds wall works stack and configure according to a schema or maybe Mel Bochner’s use of mathematical sequences. Irwin’s work feels intuitive, and quite unattached to rulers and measures. In this respect, you could think of Barnett Newman or Mark Rothko, Irwin indulging color and divisions of light and space according to, in Rothko’s case, mood, or in Newman’s case, a quest for a sublime landscape. Maybe both mood and the sublime might be pushing the language too far into melodrama for Irwin’s purposes and spirit. We might instead say he was playing off the phenomenology that Merleau-Ponty described, or that he was manipulating and studying human experience.
Happy Saturday! I'm here today to share this week's challenge project from Our Creative Corner. Our talented teamie Irena (Rudlis) Kowalczyk - Love, Live & Crafts is our hostess this week and her challenge to us is Our Boys and Their Toys - our men's passion, hobby, interests. Show us the hobby or interest of a man in your life – husband, father, son, brother or another male member of your family. Maybe he likes sports or cars or models. Make a paper craft project that depicts that passion – and be sure to explain what it is in your post write up.
Truth be told, when I left work yesterday afternoon, I didn't really feel like going to boot camp. I was tired. I wanted a lazy afternoon.
Paul McKeever
Is your breath fast or slow?
Favorite Food: pizza.
NFC South:
Thank you all so much, those of you who have commented regularly, for being so kind with your comments & allowing me to share this trip with you. My next big project will be getting my album put together. After that, I am eager to get started on some home projects -- yay!
Tropical Fruits
While Acts 1 tells us merely that Christ went through the clouds, chapter 2 is more specific about the destination of Christ and the significance of His departure.
Tool
I've sampled many different types of ale since then (not least over these last few months!) and I was curious as to whether Tribute would have retained that mind-blowing early appeal.
They are, its fair to say, very alike, a fact my beta readers picked up on, but it is deliberate. There are differences: Milligan is quick tempered and impatient and likes to be told stories before going to sleep; Murphy is the more serious of the two, he smokes a pipe, has a decent singing voice and has a tendency to interfere with himself when no one’s looking. Both are lazy, fond of the drink when they can afford it and not especially bright.
I also think that the Rapture is kinda boring. It's been claimed to come so many times, it's now like the boy who cried wolf. People always say the end of the world is coming, but there is nothing to it but trying to get people's attention. Not to mention that the guy who made this 'prediction' has failed every other time he has tried to do this. Why do people keep listening to him? Doesn't we know that the Mayans have several centuries on him, and are clearly more accurate? 2012 seems like a much more convenient doomsday for me.
Modern Family
Back in the last millenia, when I was a debater, my coach told me that people favour the status quo. The presumption is always with the current system.
Here is possible.
“Rejoice always, pray continually, give thanks in all circumstances; for this is God’s will for you in Christ Jesus.” 1 Thessalonians 5:16-18
between him helping his brother move around 7 dump-trailers full of dirt and me working as a second-shooter for another beautiful wedding, we definitely wore ourselves out come sunday! but before we could fully catch our breath, we are already on to the next crazy schedule of another busy week!
There has been a bit of a saga going on here for the last month concerning our household and the City Council. Maybe it is not the City Council's fault but they gave a contract to a firm who deals with our garden waste and all the other things that we now have to recycle.
He’s currently in our bedroom sleeping in a small crib/bassonette that folds out like a pack-n-play portable crib. He’s got a low-flow cannula up his nose, giving him 1/16 of a liter of pressure with 100% pure oxygen. Talk about your latest rave oxygen bar. We’ve got a large 3-foot tall tank of oxygen in the hallway between the master bedroom and the nursery with a 25-foot long hose taped to his face. The nurse today told May that he could be on that oxygen just a couple of weeks, or he could be on it for a year. I told May he won’t be on it for a year. She asked how
partners, but he doesn't foresee a problem because it's just
I had a long post planned for today about my mother but got sidetracked looking at movie trailers instead. So I now know all the movies that are coming out that I probably won't get to see. Pod and I have seen one movie this year. Granted, it was a good one -- Kung Fu Hustle -- but it's the one thing we absolutely have to get a babysitter for. Every party we go to is kid-friendly these days, as is every restaurant, but not the movies. And I love going to the picture show. I went through a period before Her Majesty came along where I took Wonder Boy to anything that was remotely suitable for children, just for the sheer enjoyment of the movie experience -- the trailers, the popcorn, the oversized candy box -- which explains why I have actually seen Kangaroo Jack. (Yes, it is as bad as you suspected). And half of Agent Cody Banks. (This we had to leave because Wonder Boy, who is a gentle soul, found it too intense).
Show Orchid Lipstick: WOW. That is all I can say about this lipstick. I've wanted it since it came out with the Colour Ready Collection in April, but never picked it up and really regretted it when it was taken off the shelves and (I thought) sold out everywhere. Wendy found out that they still carried it at my closest mall, but I kept forgetting to pick it up whenever I was there. When I finally DID remember, they only had THREE left. Phew. I had never officially worn it out, but I admired it a lot. It's a hot hot in your face fuschia pink (I'm a nude lip girl). I finally wore it to the IMATS and OMG I have never received so many compliments for what I wear on my lips lol (I topped it with flashmode lustreglass) -- I even got a compliment from pursebuzz!! Like one commenter (who saw me) said... the pictures really do no justice to what it actually looked like in person. GORGEOUS~
Book provided by Library Thing. (Early Reviewers)
Level 2: It doesn’t feel good, but is good for you, good for others and serves the greater good.
I call it “curious” because there is a certain contradictory quality to the place, though I am willing to accept this might be only apparent, owing to the shortness of our visit. I would like to go back and take another look.
In between courses, Stéphane and I enjoyed talking with the students from Italy, Mauritius and France about their reasons for attending Vatel. Naturally, he couldn't resist asking why they chose a French hospitality school over a Swiss one, while I wanted to know if they're required to learn English. All of the students agreed that at one third the price of Swiss hotel schools, Vatel was the better option for them. In response to my question about language training, they explained that all second year students are required to do an internship in an English speaking country.
George Washington Kitten
The new stealth plane marks a radical departure for unmanned aircraft, which up until now required a ground based human pilot to guide them on missions.
When I think of ‘stepping outside your comfort zone’ I usually imagine exhilarating challenges such as bungee jumping, white water rafting or confronting phobias – arachnophobes having spiders put on them for example. The type of experiences that really make you ‘feel the fear’ – and the sort of things that I’ve never done. These are often seen as positive, life affirming experiences once someone has done them, but how much do they really learn from them?
I have always believed that relationships, be it in love, friendship or career, is something that you constantly work on. You have to exert a good amount of energy to keep a harmonious relationship. And that is not an easy task, if not taxing. Imagine having several roles in a daily basis, and most importantly, being the best in each role you portray. That is something you have to be prepared for. Having said that, domestic pleasure is something that I am still learning.
Hope you enjoy !
Please visit the link below to get some great products and help raise money to buy Cameron's medical equipment! :)
1/4 teaspoon green food coloring
They've learnt the ropes In Ireland, engaged in civil war
50gms/2 ounces butter
Dee B
And then a Plejaran time fleet from 1,000 years ago appeared and destroyed the Laher time vessel.
But it should be pointed out that consistent atheism, which represents itself to be the most rational and logical of all approaches to reality, is in actuality completely self-defeating and incapable of logical defense. That is to say, if indeed all matter has combined by mere chance, unguided by any Higher Power of Transcendental Intelligence, then it necessarily follows that the molecules of the human brain are also the product of mere chance. In other words, we think the way we do simply because the atoms and molecules of our brain tissue happen to have combined in the way they have, totally without transcendental guidance or control. So then even the philosophies of men, their system of logic and all their approaches to reality are the result of mere fortuity. There is no absolute validity to any argument advanced by the atheist against the position of theism.
THE TWO DOORKEEPERS
In my heated van, I snuggle deeper into my knee length, fur lined hood down coat. I start thinking of percentages. 10% with warm coats, 60% in hoodies, 30% in SHORT SLEEVE SHIRTS!
Since my Campbell's trip, I've been buying V-Fusion regularly for my kids (and me). This is a product I feel really good about giving to my kids and I try to keep it on hand. Try it for yourselves with this $1 off coupon HERE!
Jeanne did it again! Each one of her entries has been exquisite and she always manages to make my jaw drop right down to the floor. This card is amazing in so many ways I can't even begin to count. I think my favourite is the intricate doily behind the panel, and the clever use of ribbons. What's yours??
The 1960s were kind to the Bears. The first round draft created three Hall of Fame players. Mike Ditka, Gale Sayers and Dick Butkus. Ditka was selected in 1961 while Sayers and Butkus were selected in 1965. That’s right the Bears got two Hall of Fame players in the first round the same year.
The prison door swings open
Trading Standards officials swooped on stalls trading in £20,000 of counterfeit clothes.
As far as I know media has never made public any information that has thus far threatened the nation's interests. In fact, the contrary has been the case. This is the reason we are so concerned that the secrecy bill will become a threat to national interest itself. Clean government needs to protect no information against legitimate enquiries.
He leashes me and takes me outside. I urinate. He says, “Good girl,” and brings me back inside. I return reluctantly. I wasn’t finished out there…
The picture above is the entrance to James Fort at Jamestown Settlement in Virginia. Betsy and I went there in 2007 to celebrate the 400th anniversary of the settling of Jamestown. Jamestown Settlement is a living-history museum on the road leading to the National Park, so we stopped there first.
Eyes searching desperately,
Tom Hanks just needs to stand there to bore me. It doesn't take much at all, when he opens his mouth *YAWN!*
“Oh no, not again” he thought. He breathed in all he could and shoved himself, nothing his hips were squarely wedged. Stuck.
So years later I still hesitate a little to get my layouts off the table and onto the sites I post them to.
Today you are coming over to my house.
April: "Yeah, if you like ugly..." (passive aggressive)
Unexpectedly I got turned out by a number of restaurants sampling their wares at the Grand Tasting including the most divine gazpacho called sal morejo with serrano ham from Salinas that only needs to be tasted (had 4 of those). Boqueria sampled salted cod crostini (had 3 of those) where I bumped into Kefi owner and chef Michael Psilakis.
you keep your legs on the ground,
But lets talk about something on a bit more of a serious note because I think this is important and I wish I would have talked about this more before having a baby. People say the moment the doctors put your baby on your chest for the first time is a moment you’ll never forget. People say when you have your baby it’s unbelievable and you’re completely in love immediately. People say there’s nothing like it. You know what I say? People are lying.
Well, I've really enjoyed staying home these four days with my ladybug. But, it would be have 100 times better if I was able to get her out to do some things. I think she's tired of being cooped up too. Right now, she's crying in her bed instead of taking a nap. She's exhausted and frustrated!
The latest advertising campaign for PETA (People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals) is a classic case of the idea drowning out the message.
I know you've heard it from me before but I do love asos. I talk about luxury a lot but I really do think asos offers great value for money.
I finished my Quilter's Tote Bag yesterday. I have to say I cheated a bit and used my sewing machine to do the quilting. I really don't think that my hand-sewing is up to being used for a Bag! I will post a picture of of the finished bag later in the week. I have also nearly finished handquilting my last cushion cover so you can look forward to seeing them really soon now. I think we are starting to make a really large quilt with a jellyroll next, so watch this space!
“We found that bills have increased primarily in response to increased wholesale gas costs and not due to environmental policies. Over the next decade, we anticipate a rise of around £100 in the average bill as a result of investment in low-carbon power capacity, which will benefit the UK in the long run.”
But despite the pesky comments, I'm most definitely more excited about this than anything else. So many people who never knew there were any options other than traditional institutionalized schooling now know there are vastly different ways to "get an education." My blog, since it was mentioned in the article, has been getting a lot more hits from Montreal, so people are actually looking up this unschooling thing for themselves.
The husband pointed into the day lily patch in front of our porch and sure enough, in the midst of fresh green growth was an adult sized possum.
So there are many reasons to start signing with your child. If your child is between 6 months and 36 months, it is the perfect time to introduce the concept. There are few things more exciting for a parent and a child than the realization that a child has linked a sign or a word to a meaning and can communicate. Warm up those hands, the “how to” for baby sign is tomorrow!
St James Primary School, Allerton, Bradford!
In a written statement, Staley implicated himself in the slaying of 35-year-old Bob Read. And since he arrived on death row in 1991, his mental competence became an issue as his punishment neared.
I was undercover in a church in downtown New Haven during the preparation of one of these anti-Israel rallies. Trotzkists, Maoists, Marxists, alongside with religious extremists, Islamists, Christians, and others focused on their common enemy: the Zionists!
"All the western countries care about is oil"
Just going through the shots on my phone and found a few
I used to stand on the veranda where this image is taken from and just watch the falling purple haze of the Jacaranda trees beautiful purple flowers.
- Purchase items or baked goods at our sale
Patty did nothing to calm the situation. If she’d flipped her hair one more time or giggled or touched him any more than she did I would have needed a fire extinguisher. As it was, he insisted on putting her on his lap when we drove a mile to the restaurant and then again on the way back. In the front seat of my car, even though the back was available.
SAT. 10/4 - WRECK 'N' SOW @ BARN BURNER RESTAURANT IN PASADENA, 8 - 11pm. 1000 S. Fair Oaks Ave. 626-403-RIBS. BBQ, beer, wine. Fun Bluegrass stuff w/great harmonies & snazzy overalls! The Dupuy Brothers and friends. This is instead of their usual first Sunday date. http://www.wrecknsow.com/
The white/purple shoes I am wearing in my official Boston Marathon photos are also Brooks PureFlows. They come in three awesome colors now (see them all here). I always have at least three pairs of PureFlows in rotation as they are the only running shoes I wear now. I put on an old pair of black/blue PureFlows before I left my hotel room last Monday morning (it is crazy to me that it was over a week ago already!) and I had my purple/white racing shoes in my gear bag.
Today I’m remembering my husband—the good one, the one who died from Parkinson’s disease, the one who was most definitely from home, who put the ruby slippers on my Cinderella feet. Here’s what I mean by a moment of prayer, from a book I’m working on about him called Father and Daughter:
After the culture street we went food market , said the tour guide but it's actually a building inside full of restaurant, some dried food shop, snacks, and some other thing like we seen in Culture street
In a subsequent phase, the main volume and courtyards will be covered by a natural envelope, an ivy (Ampelopsis tricuspidata) pergola tangled in a simple-torsioned wire mesh, protecting the dwelling from the solar radiation.
28 B-8. Campus Hate-Speech Codes and Twentieth Century Atrocities (Lewiston, New York: Edwin Mellen Press, 1997), pp. i-vi, 1-121. (Sources: Items D-III/27/1991, D-X/30(B)/1991, D-X/31/1991, D-V/1/1992, D-X/7(C)/1994, D-II/8/1993, D-IV/25/1995, D-V/18/1995, and D-IX/15(B)/1995, below. See, for corrections, Item B-11, below.)
2 cloves garlic, finely chopped
Photo below is a close-up of the 8.5x11 page on the right side. My SIL took that beautiful picture of the subway. It is one of my favorites of the trip. IRL the picture is rich and saturated with color. My pic of a pic did not turn out so well.
To outsiders, the king’s announcement may seem like an enormous breakthrough for women’s rights. However, the current status of women foretells that it will take a lot more than one royal announcement for things to change in Saudi.
oregano, basil, salt and pepper
This Response to Text should be no longer than a page, but a bit longer than a few sentences. As long as there is substance, I am not too strict on length.It must be neatly written and turned in on Friday to receive a star. If it is messy, not substantive, or clearly not worth a star, then the child does not get one- Chris Biffle explains it so well in the video above- I am not doing that child any favors by accepting and rewarding messy, sloppy work with no effort put into it. It may feel crummy to tell them no, but it will motivate them to do better next week :)
Early in 2005 Becky had a routine physical with her general practitioner, who noticed that she had an unusual number of bruises. One possible cause for this can be low platelet count. To be safe, he ordered blood tests. Results did show her platelet count was slightly below normal. He explained that a number slightly below normal was probably not a significant problem; but being careful, he referred her to a hematologist who specializes in blood disorders.
So slow, that his fare grew sick;
Yes, you are not mistaken: that was the word ‘drum-beat’, as in ‘drum-beat to war‘, used in a positive way, by a news host.
It isn’t just confessing, though, it is turning from our wicked ways.
Captain Beyond - Everything's A Circle
This wasn’t the first time the laptop had died. It had died three times previously – once the motherboard had to be replaced and twice the hard drive died. The service plan from Best Buy states that if they computer has to be worked on four times during the three years that Best Buy will replace the computer on the fourth time with a computer of equal technology.
The magazine looks at five indicators to measure the room for monetary easing: inflation, credit growth, real interest rate, exchange rate, and the current account. Except for the exchange rate, these indicators also show up in the ‘temperature’ gauge. That’s partly why the overheating countries don’t usually have the room to ease monetary policy. Let’s look through these indicators for Bangladesh.
When the original council document concerning name changes was approved in September 2007, it required that at least 51% of registered voters in a street give written consent for a new street name. The document also required that the proposed new names of the streets be put to residents via local newspapers. However, the Tshwane metro changed this requirement in January 2008.
Andrew Bynum has become one of the most dominant Centers in the NBA. Has he become even better than his fellow rival All-Star Dwight Howard. Well were going to crunch the numbers and debate who actually the best center in the NBA is.
In peace I chanted peace, but now the drum of war is mine,
I build up that picture of what readers, and especially more recent followers of Captain Britain, expected to see before those Secret Avengers and Uncanny X-Force issues came out. Because what they expected to see and what was delivered were to very very different things.
Tissot is Hot Stuff
The two pages of a double-page spread (dps) can be referred to as any of these:
If the interventions are directed against governments involved in genocides, statistical data and examples like Kosovo, Rwanda and East Timor indicate that governments tend to escalate the violence in order to be "finish the job" before further killings become impossible to carry out. However, if governments have genocidal goals, it raises the question of whether these civilians may have been killed anyway, albeit at a slower rate, in the absence of an intervention. From that perspective, government run genocides are more difficult to deal with than non-genocidal atrocities by rebels and governments alike, and may need to involve a different toolbox for peacekeepers, or may not involve peacekeeping forces at all but rather other kinds of intervention forces. However, data suggest that neutral interventions also in these kinds of cases have the most beneficial long-term prognosis for reducing G/P.
Oh wait... That's right. In a very round about way, this has actually happened. Dura Den is effectively closed and look at the hassle and frustration it's causing everyone. Fuck you NIMBYs and fuck you Fife council. We all pay council tax, we all pay road tax and we all pay through the roof for fuel. The least you could do is bother your lazy arses to keep the roads open.
* Rewrites and Revisions: How much did you have to do throughout the writing of Coping with Chloe?
The San Antonio Spurs finish the 2011-2012 regular season with a record of 50-16, and will have home-court advantage over everyone except the Chicago Bulls, who also finished at 50-16. Thankfully, our first game is Sunday at Noon. I'll be back with more amazing regular-season stats later! WooHoo!
5. Hail The Renegade 05:27
- 1 green pepper, chopped
Do I look to my left or right...I should. Those standing by me and around me should always be accounted for, thanked and given a moment to be shared.
Deirdra: How many beta readers do you have review your manuscript before you sent it to be published?
Today my 82 year old mother and her housekeeper were held up at gunpoint in their driveway by two thugs. My mother’s jewelry was ripped off her, the housekeeper was thrown to the ground and stood on, on two separate occasions. They stole my mother’s car keys and the gadget that opens her automated gate. They stole two mobile phones. They threatened to kill my mother and her housekeeper. Thank god that my mother and her housekeeper weren’t seriously harmed, but they are traumatized beyond measure and most likely will have to deal with what so many South Africans live with on a daily basis - Post Traumatic Stress Syndrome. We pretty much all live with it, all the time, but for those who've been attacked, it is that much worse, because one's worst fears become reality - and under brutal circumstances.
He look down. Oh right, he remembered, I’m a badass with a badass housecoat. Look at me &$^#, I’m fabulous.
Our family has a gentler holiday tradition, a celebration as much as a reminder. Our Christmas tree is nothing like those featured in House Beautiful. It’s topped with a Star of David, as we also celebrate Hanukkah. The oldest ornament, a cellulose umbrella, decorated my great grandmother’s tree. We carefully hang Grandma Rhea’s handmade ornaments, dioramas inside blown eggs dressed in velvet. My children’s contributions are made of Popsicle sticks, glitter, and clothespins. The marshmallow snowman has grown sticky and yellow, with a tiny bite taken on the sly from its backside, but it makes me smile, and bookmarks an era.
Got up at 8, heard the Occupy Dame Street camp had been taken down at 3 that morning. I got down there as quick as I could. First thing I noticed coming up through Temple Bar was that the plaza was saturated with water. Maybe they’d washed it clean after clearing the dense undergrowth of tents and huts.
Tonight... my children, who go to bed relatively easily on most nights (probably because our summertime schedule is exhausting) had issues. Tonight, Mark wondered if he could stay up and keep me company. The answer is, "No, Mommy is very tired and wants to relax and be alone." Translated into "No, Mommy is very tired and wants to watch The Real Housewives of New Jersey that she has recorded since Daddy is way above such trivial nonsensical television viewing." Zachary's comforter was in Mark's room downstairs, so I tried to pull off a switch-a-roo and put a crocheted blanket his Auntie Sarah had given him when he was born to cover him. He was NOT amused and cried "But, Mommy, it has holes in it!" So I threw a sheet on him and said I'd bring up his comforter. Ben, he sobbed, because "I want a sheet that isn't cut!!" Do you want to venture a guess into why his sheet might be cut? Because he cut it with scissors. And yet, it warranted huge tears and breathless sobbing. Make a note, that Eric had no issues, other than requesting an extra hug. He's so, so big and wonderful!
Both items worked great and I couldn't be more happier with the results.
The modest cottage nestled amidst the bullbrier thickets had been more often than not peaceful and quiet ... until a vociferous Cricket took abode within a woodpile just outside the old man's bedchamber wall ... each night thenceforward, as the sun began its descent beneath the treetops, the melodious insect instinctively commenced his raspy chirping, which grew in intensity toward the wee hours of morning ... now this particular old man had recently resigned himself to death, patiently awaiting its advent with great expectancy ... however unable to neither permanently expire nor temporarily sleep as the Cricket's nerve-wracking scrapes echoed throughout his darkened room, he would often clutch bedclothes about his head in futile attempts to muffle the odious racket ... during one such toilsome night the old man vowed to forever silence the jet-black fiddler so that he might at last depart this world in peace ... thus the vexatious Cricket's goin's and comin's were forthwith constrained as he was obliged to not appear within the old man's reach lest he perchance encounter ill-timed extinction.
along 2009, i went thru hard times..job changed..study...travel. but i very enjoy the good times we had in the classroom with all adult students. 4 penangite and a kl folks became a click...no time to meet, and facebook is the channel to see our updates.
You can tell this is a farang building because it’s quiet as a cursed temple. No yapping, no TVs going, nobody hawking anything, no cooking or spice smells. No kind of place for civilized people, in other words. You don’t want to come back a farang in your next life, if you can help it. When the door rattles me and Jae pull on ski masks.
The Bird Man asks Ava if her sister is like "the war chief Osceola" to which Ava says "Oh, no! She wears barrettes and stuff. She's a real girl-girl. She's not like us."
Factors to Consider on Choosing LCD TVs
Pine needles and Socks: YG97, G94, BG93
10 Title XIV (Environment and Natural Resources), Book IV of the Administrative Code of 1987, E.O. No. 292.
underestimate is culture shock. It is subtle and will creep up on you,
Wow...It's Sunday AGAIN!!!
Being the laid back chilled out dude that I am (no please don’t laugh) I went through the whole house and binned all the crap and kept stuff from people that was either a nice gift or card or comment. So out went the bank statements and the outdated letters from the taxman that I was keeping ‘just in case’ and the old love letters and the scribbles my son made on paper took pride of place all round the house. Ok the love letters are in the draw but you get the picture.
Our host site is situated between two small bays, and the shallow, stagnant water attracts carp (we call them garbage fish). They are bottom feeders that are not good for eating, and when fishermen catch them, they throw them up on the bank, not back out in the water. The boys have always bow-fished, and the bays near us are perfect for it... Last night they only caught one, and it ended up being diseased, mis-shapen, and full of puss (cuz' you really wanted to know that! LOL!)
The page links to the 2005 report FCR commissioned from sports economist Andrew Zimbalist, who estimated that the project would bring $6 billion in revenues to the city and state over 30 years--a statistic the developer has touted in its lobbying letter (right) to state legislators regarding $100 million in subsidies. I've detailed why the claim is deeply deceptive: it overstates revenues, ignores and then lowballs costs (nothing for traffic or police), and manipulates statistics to exaggerate revenues. Other estimates on the project calculate the revenues and costs in terms of present value, or current dollars, rather than a 30-year total. FCR's claim is like saying a $200,000 mortgage is worth $600,000 because that's the total of the payments over 30 years.
She gives kids an opportunity to touch other beings. It may lead to some of these children gaining more respect for creatures that we share the world with. It’s just a green chicken.
As we were only supposed to start walking to Dataran Merdeka at 1.30pm, we walked about Petaling Street to see the whole area. While most shops were closed, there were still some activities with some of the vendors.
Tomorrow's horoscope = hopeful.
Her instant dance was also very impressive. She was able to turn up the speed and intensity and perform the bobby socks off her jive! She has really emerged as a stand out, and a true contender for the title.
Before our weekend kicks off, we're sneaking in ONE MORE with someone who's CREEPIN' up on the Farm...that's right! A new CREEPER CREW member,
Duck hunting camps served duck gumbo. Seafood gumbo was common during shrimp and crab season; I have made many a seafood gumbo myself and it is my favorite Cajun dish!
- Tagstastic #122747 (Hostess Set)
AND VIOLENCE AGAINST JOURNALISTS
I’m afraid of failure. I’ve wanted so many things in my life. I’ve had so many goals and aspirations. I’ve started so many projects, degrees, etc. I feel like I’ve failed in most of those things that I started so long ago. It’s a work in progress, so am I. I want so bad to feel better, make something of myself, feel important, let others know I can contribute a great deal to life and society. I’m afraid sometimes, that I’ll never be any of those things.
Glasses, I hate you.
top class escorts, best Indian escorts and the high profile girls are the source of Indian
I watched a programme about her last night. It was broadcast on Sky Arts and as I watched it it brought home to me just how talented she was. As I grew up my tastes changed and I discovered The Stones, then The Who, Jimi Hendrix, Cream and on into rock and folk music (Fairport Convention remain my all time no1 group).
the counsel of God will prevail.
Would I actually cook anything from this book? I was not tempted by many of the main dish recipes, although some of the German specialties made me bemoan my household’s current vegetarianism. But I don’t need another recipe for sauerbraten and potato dumplings, or for baked beans with bacon. The baking section, on the other, hand, does include several recipes that I would like to try, for coffee cakes, donuts, muffins, and cookies that seem like they would be both delicious and quick to make, and introduce me to some new tastes.
equipment continually depreciates
“I realize how important it is to treat families and patients with respect and concern,” Meyer said. “I want patients and families to feel comfortable and know we will take the best possible care of them.”
Blogging, then, can be very rewarding. But you have to want to do it; you have to know what you want to say, and be prepared to open up your personality (or I guess you could always invent one if you wanted - though it would be very hard to keep up for any length of time). It's a form of writing itself, very real, very good fun, very flowing, very instant. And it can lead to a greater "platform" or profile, too.
Have a great night everybody and catch up with you all next year xxx
Thus such elements of non-monetary recognition should be part of a company’s plan for
I went and joined the Chamber of Commerce today! I'm official! And I'm going to their monthly Mix and Meet this evening. I'm hoping not only to network about this business, but also to eventually find someone who wants to open a laundromat with me. Wish me luck.
Behold, for thus shall the man be blessed
In the context of an earlier filing, Bruce Sewall of Apple had said
Anwaar: Father, I thought you said that we wouldn’t be searched? Why is the king himself here?
“Get some writers cooking on biographical ideas for Muni. Anything but Beethoven. Nobody wants to see a movie about a blind composer” – Jack Warner
So, what do you think? I know this one is more monochromatic than what I usually do, but I thought it would make for a little more elegant card.
4. Turn mixer to low. Add the dry ingredients in three batches, alternating with the buttermilk in two batches. Mix only until just incorporated.
accents, some stickles were smudged along the water as well, and a few highlights in white gel pen.
Thankyou Lisa.
Apple on Thursday lifted the veil on its plans to remake the educational landscape in a way that centers on its best-selling tablet computer, the iPad.
I am hanging here with a 65 pound puppy on my foot, trying to unwind from the day. it was a tough one. Not as hard as some people have had, but still tough.
Everyday is a journey with rain
The chart above is something I created to model the review behavior, and it is based off of many Austin restaurants. I will not list the ones that are unsuccessful, but I'll point out one that is successful. The Noble Pig is a great example of a successful restaurant that did not engage in a large public relations effort. They have been open for only about six months, and they are located a 40 minute drive away from downtown; yet they already have 69 reviews to-date with a 4.5 star rating. Even though the location makes them an outlier, they are consistently garnering reviews. That's a place I would definitely visit again, and again, and again. *Disclosure: I met the chef at several events, and I really like his sandwiches.
Crime fiction writer and CFA workshop leader Megan Abbott says, "Crime fiction doesn't just engage and entertain. It tells us volumes about the world we live in, and has helped form the foundation of American literature and storytelling. I am honored to be a part of a program that celebrates crime fiction and, more importantly, will serve as a launching pad for the next generation of crime writers and a vital incubator for hundreds of rich and exciting novels to come."
2) Jimmy and James were both going to be squadmates or important characters, but the characters were deemed to similar so they either nixed Jimmy and expanded James role or combined the two together.
027.022 YUSUFALI: But the Hoopoe tarried not far: he (came up and) said: "I have compassed (territory) which thou hast not compassed, and I have come to thee from Saba with tidings true.
This in itself would have made my entire day. But there was more. This park had safety swings with backs and harnesses for the kids as well as normal swings. I put Ayden in one of the safety swings with a lot of hassle. We always have him try it. He hates it, but he knows one try and then if he doesn't like it he's done. Much to his surprise....
So this guy, this short fella, isn’t just a cook he’s a total Chef (capital ‘C’)!
Green is also often used for it's calming effects when decorating. With this in mind is it interesting to think of television guests waiting in the "green room" to relax
There are vast areas of many US cities where an unarmed white man dare not go in peril of his life, there are far fewer, if any, areas where a black man would be at similar risk, yet it is the black man, not the white who the law protects.
Bottom line; I'm grouchy tonight. Don’t know why. Lots of stuff going on and most of it is ‘meh’. Couldn’t do a pastel drawing to save my ass. It’s not even 9 p.m. yet if I start doing more paper research I’m bound to fall to sleep quickly and wake up at 1:30 a.m. with no hopes of falling back.
The Bible records that Noah was descended from Adam and that he lived for about a 1000 years. Other extremely long lived people are mentioned in the bible too as they are in the puranas.
So let's talk about game meats. For most of my life I never ate them. No one in my family or in my circle of friends hunts, so I grew up sheltered from venison, rabbit, pheasant, quail, and other meats like it. At first my reaction was purely just disgust. "Ewwwww...you SHOT BAMBI." I wouldn't touch something like that just on principle. Hunted meat seemed so cruel.
That said, there is some secular music that has real depth and content and musical integrity, but it is not what we would call ‘confessional’ sacred music, so it has to be called secular. There is so-called Christian music that offers no Scriptural or theological depth (and sometimes rank heresy) that we might want to call ‘secular’ because it is so unspiritual – but it offers itself as Christian music, so it has to be assessed in that category. So in the past, when I played secular music, I had a scale of values that I used to determine if this was the kind of music I should be playing as a Christian. You know how it worked out? I found more depth of musicianship and commitment to integrity in the secular music world (outside the commercial sector, unsurprisingly) than I did in the professional Christian music world.
I might add, not as part of the review, in light of later events in Japanese history, it is a bit chilling to read the authors defense of Japanese aggressions in Manchuria and Korea, especially when they suggest that the Japanese annexation of Korea in 1910 was for the benefit of the Korean people. I think few Koreans would agree with that sentiment.
Taking an easy breath
These Easy Chicken Enchiladas are truly yummy! I've made them twice since I came across the recipe a couple of weeks ago and they got devoured both times.
Are you saying that my head is huge, if my neck is super skinny?
