To seek good feelings and avoid bad feelings is the state of mind we are all hard-wired with. It makes sense on an intuitive level – if it feels good it must be good for you. If it hurts, feels bad, makes you sad, or makes you angry, it must be bad for you.
And it was in deliberate tribute to the parliamentarians of Cromwell's day and their immediate successors that two of the most influential conservative theorists prior to Reagan and Thatcher both described themselves as "Old Whigs" -- Burke (1790) and Hayek (1944). Hayek described Whig ideals as "the only set of ideals that has consistently opposed all arbitrary power" (Hayek, 1960).
Nicoretta--Hoodi's best friend, who refuses to knit anything other than Red Heart. Nicoletta worked at the local WalMart until she was fired for stealing boxes of Fun Fur.
My pappy always said "You can lead a horse to water, but you're gonna need help to hold it's head under until it drowns so you can skin it and make some tasty whiney-burgers." My pappy scared a lot of kids in the neighborhood.
Get to know the creator of Episencial:
A few weeks ago, I received an email from Style Me Pretty, asking all of us Little Black Book members to submit photos of the cute little ring bearers from our weddings. I submitted the following and they posted them on their blog today! You can read the post HERE!
Other projects worth mentioning here were Luke Palmer’s design of a foldable, storable bicycle wheel truing stand, complete with dial gauges to measure trueness and both vertical and lateral adjustments, all available for less than half the cost of the gold standard Park Tool professional wheel truing stand.
As of ourselves or those whom we
into that black natal, embracing me
Today I want to do a little bit of braggin'! I won a little something recently from a rad, rad, rad lady! Even though I haven't met her in person, I'd consider her a friend, let me introduce you to Bex! Bex actually won a giveaway here on my blog a little while back, so you may remember her from then, but if not, go check out all the cool stuff she makes. She has an Etsy shop too, looky-looky!
the slow drift of stars
as up past 34th
Roy Ayers ~ Love Will Bring Us Back Together ~ Polydor ~ 1979
And I’m done kissin’ butts on the fluffy end of every one of these 8 wenches.
8. My time spent on the UEFA Portal to get Irish football tickets
And for the design commitment-phobics out there these decals are 100% REMOVABLE. I posted about Tempaper which also promises re-positionable wall design here. But I'm really loving the Blik designs much more. Not only are there a ton of them, they are all gorgeous thanks to their collaborations with some amazing artists like Keith Haring, SCAD, Amy Ruppel and even Threadless (the tshirt company!)
So that’s what I’m up to! Classes, of course, but do you really want to hear about what I’m reading for a course on early Medieval Ireland? I doubt it, but I’m enjoying the classes. I have a massive beast of a masters dissertation coming up soon and meetings this week to talk with some professors about my (non-existent) topic. I’ll keep you apprised of the school situation, in case you’re so inclined to be interested.
Dropping down a curb
I have a serious, very intense, extremely unfriendly feeling toward Wal Mart right about now. I once wrote this post about my roller coaster relationship with Wal Mart, and things have only gone downhill from there. I have been know to refer to the store as the evil empire.
While Crone energy can help us make changes,
3. The Postman (1997) – In 2013 (wow, that’s not far off), the United States has collapsed after another Civil War. Kevin Costner roams the land while trying to avoid the militaristic leaders who have taken control of different regions. Think of feudalism of the Middle Ages coming to America. Anyway, Costner stumbles on some mail and begins to deliver it as a way to access fortified towns. Eventually, this becomes a unifying practice that brings hope of a rebuilding government. Feudal lords do not need a rebuilt government, so fighting commences.
That said it’s still cracking stuff from Noel and the rest of Oasis, Enjoy!
My first audio book ever is The Virgin’s Lover by Philippa Gregory. I have had the text version for several years but could not bring myself to pick up another story on Elizabeth that had a potential of being a let-down. Since I know the political upheaval that occurred during the transition of Queen Mary to the reign of Queen Elizabeth, I figured the test of my attention span to the audio version would be best served on this kind of average fiction.
However, the true measure of Blarney can be summed up in this simple comparison:
Many years ago a friend of mine had been in a relationship with a man she was crazy about. He left her for another woman and then years later, when he was single again, he got in touch out of the blue. He asked her out. She turned him down. He kept asking. She kept saying no. He started sending her flowers – a dozen roses a day for a week – with notes that said things like “I can’t stop thinking about you”. Finally my friend agreed to go out with him. His interest appeared sincere this time, and her feelings for him had never totally gone away.
“For I am in a strait betwixt two, having a desire to depart, and to be with Christ; which is far better: Nevertheless to abide in the flesh is more needful for you.”
Well, perhaps so, but throwing $700 billion at banks who can’t pay off their debts is not the way the market should work, either. Taking the assets and customers of small banks that have gone broke and giving them to big banks which are propped up with government money, making “too big to fail” even bigger, is not the way the market should work. Throwing money at auto manufacturers who have gone bankrupt as a result of their own stupidity is not the way the market should work. Having interest rates set at essentially zero by the Fed for several years is for damn sure not the way the market should work.
To you from failing hands we throw
Melanie bristled, thinking he was disparaging her concern, but the intent way he studied the scene made her realize he took her seriously.
surgery day went really well.
The concurrence even offered legal advice to parolees seeking relief in the future, declaring that while a habeas corpus writ "does not provide an adequate remedy at law ... to compel the Board to comply with its ministerial duty," a "mandamus clearly does. And in response to any future alleged violations on mandamus, as time is of the essence, it may be necessary and appropriate for TDCJ and the Board, through their legal representatives, to appear before us in person to answer any allegation that Morrissey’s mandate is being disobeyed."
I lay there quietly, perhaps whimpering a bit. The emotion of the scene was the type I tend to really crave every once in awhile and the type College Guy does not tend to dish out that often. He traced my bottom with the cane, then began tiny test- thwacks with it, not really a teasing action, but more of a sinister one. Like a cat playing with a mouse before he eats it.
There are so many. Probably any Blake Shelton song thanks to his awesome concert.
As I said earlier, there are a number of problems with this story. Firstly, there's that old chestnut about the fish 'jumping' into the urethra. Research and experimentation with various species of candiru, most notably by the American marine biologist Stephen Spotte, has shown that they simply cannot jump in this fashion. Even if they could, they'd be defeated by simple fluid dynamics; the maximum swimming velocity of the fish is insufficient to oppose the downward velocity of the urine stream, and a fish that size maintaining position and thrust within a 2–7 mm wide column of fluid is simply impossible.
3/15/12 I am thankful for
-JamieGottaGun
#device device mount FS fsck mount mount
Now what to do with him. It's been over 24 hours and I'm running our of the squirrel formula that is required to feed it that I managed to get my hands on through the rescue underworld. You think the real underworld protects it's secrets, you should try to get your hands on squirrel formula!
in mine there is so much od death and mourning
Norway has been documented recently as the second European country to embrace the substitution of snus for cigarettes, confirming the “Swedish experience” of tobacco harm reduction. Karl Erik Lund, a researcher at the Norwegian Institute for Alcohol and Drug Research, has published a series of studies illustrating the “Norwegian experience” (here and here). His newest study shows that a smoker’s willingness to try snus is closely correlated with one’s perception of the product’s health risks relative to cigarettes. The study appears in Nicotine & Tobacco Research (abstract here).
FUCKING THERAMORE.
Brian Geraghty vs Chris Tickle
You see, Stuxnet does not harm your computer at all, nor does it harm any website or file until and unless it is supposed to target that file. Therefore, it is important for people to make sure that they keep their computers safe from such attacks. A lot of antivirus programs in the world right now are providing support from programmable viruses such as this, and also provide people with a better option in order to help in keeping their computer secure. You can easily read more about such dangerous products on the internet as well as in various article directories.
Who among us has said that?
Chong said Sarawak should adopt an open tender system similar to that practiced in Penang.
Policy-wise, the advantage of designing a social policy as social insurance is that it creates a certain element of independence from the party in power. Programs that are funded through general taxation and the regular budgetary process can be de-funded the moment that one party loses their majority and is replaced by the opposition, and this is just as true of social policy as any other. When a conservative majority gradually formed in Congress between 1938 and the 1940s, FDR saw many of his New Deal spending programs phased out – with the significant exception of the Social Security system, which didn’t need Congressional appropriations thanks to its payroll tax-driven Trust Fund. Similarly, much of LBJ’s Great Society and War on Poverty programs were eliminated between the end of his presidency and the rise of Reagan – again, because many of those programs depended on Congressional appropriations for survival.
To date the supporters of this Govt are still hailing the SoE as a crime plan….suspension of the Constitution is a Crime plan????? Seriously? Has there been any kind of anti-crime initiative since then?
Mothers Day handiwork
May still have a coffee on Monday mornings but I've been making an effort with snacking on my new fave:
1) The Capacity to mislead. This is where I pray- Lord, give me wisdom!
YO GABBA GABBA! LIVE!: It’s Time to Dance! Presented by Kia Motors promises to be a memorable experience, featuring a mix of classic Yo Gabba Gabba! favorites, as well as new songs and new performances. The state-of-the-art, high-energy production features DJ Lance Rock, Brobee, Foofa, Muno, Plex and Toodee, and a mix of music, animation, games, singing and dancing.
my poor mother has been purchasing all sorts of stuff.
And the love continues. I have made this cake four times in one week (to four different groups of people)! Yes, I'm so in love.
O baby I waited
Tupper seized his chance and rushed off, hoping that the merchant’s early arrival meant an extra-long stay. Too excited to wait for the carriage to navigate up the winding road from the quarry, the boy dove into the woods, skidding down a mossy gully, then dashing through a stand of ferns. Over the last two summers, he’d traipsed all over Morven, so he knew her slopes as well as the contents of his cupboards. Skirting a blackberry thicket, he paused to check on his little golden shadow. Rimbles sprang playfully through the bracken, keeping up despite her small size. Crouching down, he asked, “Do you want a ride?”
Nature provides some of the most beautiful gifts I can imagine. This year, I made a point to give away some of our farm’s bounty. My husband milled some downed walnut trees and I selected some nice planks to cut into 12” x 8” slabs for bread or cheese boards. I sanded the slabs down and applied food-safe Butcher’s Block wax as a finish. I affixed small rubber feet on the backsides so the board is slightly raised and won’t slip on a countertop or table. For more on this project, see my previous post here: http://bit.ly/vH6rZL
*Due to my bday celebrating and being hungover and bloated from beer, no photos were taken this week. My bad*
they have 2 parents who love them
He doesn’t down three scotches because of the gathering storm that will take his life.
2- When cooking olmelt,the heat has to be low, so it will be cooked well without burning.
What do you think? Everyone on Twitter seems to be discussing it… positive, negative and indifferent. It’s certainly got people talking.
Firstly, the good news - it ticks off all of my mumbles above in that it is voiced by a clear English accent, it uses Sassoon Primary as a font - my favourite teacher font - and they use words that can be phonetically sounded out. The 44 sounds (phonemes) - there are more sounds than the 26 letters of the alphabet, for example 'ck' 'sh' and 'ai' are all sounds - are pronounced correctly: "mmm" not "emm" for the letter 'm' and "sss" not "ess" for the letter 's' being two examples.
I love this project for the way it extends math and science thinking, and the relatively low cost- I can't wait to do it again next year!
We made one last stop on our ride home....
4. Rupert Evans (2009) – He was pretty good as Frank, but there were times when his performance became a little heavy-handed, especially in later scenes that featured Frank’s frustrations in hiding his engagement to Jane Fairfax.
Me and Bobby McGee by Janis Joplin
- Make bag for Dale's Android tablet thingy.
For the stencil I needed fabric paint. And while I don't own any fabric paint, I own quite a bit of acrylic paint (which will stick to fabric, but dries really hard and cracks easily). Thanks to the wonders of Google, I found Textile Medium, which transforms acrylic paint into washable fabric paint. It's about $6 at Michaels or Hobby Lobby, but now I'm able to use any of my acrylic paints on fabric!
N: A classic problem. I suppose there are two theories. Take the leopards for example; one is that we’ve just done a really bad job at reaching out to them but on the other hand maybe they just don’t really care about politics at all and don’t want to be reached. We’ve tried a bit this election but when push comes to shove we’re going to focus on the community that turns out.
in a breathe it will vanish
Acts 27:17
Peel and core the Granny Smith apples, make sure you get all the pips out (they are really bitter and will spoil the sweetness of this treat). Slice the cored and peeled apples into rounds about ½ “ to ¾ " -inch thick. Place into the water, the lemon juice will help to prevent them from browning, especially if you are preparing them for use much later.
You know what I like about historical biographies? There's no sensationalistic scandal-mongering. Biographers can't pay a maid $5000 to dish dirt. There aren't any former-friends or school-mates who can come forward with an axe to grind. Historical biographies are histories and deal in facts, not gossip.
“In America?” I asked.
The majority in the Senate and White House feel that the economy has to be coaxed back into alignment with incentives and taxes to help fund them. The new right wing (Republicans and Tea Party advocates) believes that ‘leaning’ out government and reducing taxing and spending will right the ship of state.
Marley says “whaddya”. Not too proper, eh? But young Marley is annoyed at the insinuation and the New Yorker in him is coming out. It makes this exchange a little more tense. I think it fits. I could be wrong. Oh God, there’s that lack of confidence thing again!
But, after all those facts and figures, what have we actually achieved? Tindle management has not, as yet, agreed to one concession after nearly 12 months of negotiation… will they do so now? We can only hope these two intense weeks will help focus their minds as they are forced to realise the massive groundswell of support for our campaign indicates that we are right and they are wrong.
Week 15 - Mar 3rd - Rachel -
Norwex microfiber is a blend of polyester and polyamide. This fiber is 1/100th the size of a strand of human hair. When this high-quality microfiber is combined with the right knitting process, it creates an extremely effective cleaning material. This material can hold up to seven times its weight in matter. Used dry the static effect created enhances the microfiber’s ability to attract dirt and dust particles. As you lightly wipe the surface, the microfiber attracts and draws up even the smallest particles of dust, trapping them in the fibers. Used wet the microfibers work together to give an excellent cleaning effect. Wet, wring and wipe away dirt and debris from all washable surfaces. For spot removing, spray water on the surface being cleaned. Norwex microfiber is backed with an exceptional Warranty of 2 years or 500 washings.
Presents the outpouring of psychic ability
No artist is ever morbid. The artist can express everything.
ride.
So we are both loosing our memory.!!!
conflict; one of the plot points is a Cain & Abel-type situation between Callie’s father, Will, and his brother. Other family members and townsfolk make themselves known, as well, and not always for the better. Every character, though, is dear to me. But at the heart of Delicate Armor is this strong bond between Callie and her father, which greatly influences her formation as she comes of age and helps to prepare her for the inevitable losses she must face.
Writer Moms & Dads out there, what has been your experience with naptime?
I'm so behind at what is turning into a crazy week at work I don't know what to do.
Jami: Thank you for letting me share. My husband, Jim, is a graphic designer, and our son, Tate, is in first grade at the school where I teach. We live in southeastern Kansas and have a great support system.
So now I’m on apple juice and sharing my Sunday bliss for a later posting on my blog, and I argue to myself ‘Well Amy, if the report has waited all July to get finished, another Sunday won;t make that much of a difference.’
So I'll tell you all in good time.
Are you happy with what you have become?
* I always assumed it stopped due to my wings being clipped by stress and practical matters. But now I’m forced to consider that perhaps I stifled my imagination my self by dulling my mind and not giving it room to stretch.
Anyway. After the ceilings are done, and we're back from the beach, it's shopping time at Michael's & Joann's! Both are having President's Day sales, with 40% off coupons, ALONG with a extra 15% for Michaels, and 20% off for Joann's. I'm there!
º “Don’t Fast-Track Our Future.”
Famine by T. A. Chase
Till our path’s cross again,
Keziah was the second beautiful daughter of Job in the Book of Job. It’s a bit of a family name since it’s my Great-Great-Grandmother’s name. Our family didn’t know the correct spelling until I did some research so one of my cousins has Cassia as her second name, which is rather lovely too.
See, it's just a sandwich on the ground. But for several days I spotted wrapped sandwiches lying around at bus stops, and in window sills. Who's buying them? Who's eating them? Is this an advertising campaign? Is someone paying it forward for the homeless or the hungry?
To willingly change a name – for no real reason other than simply wanting to – somehow becomes a rejection of your previous name, and thus your previous self.
After you have some quiet time or even before, reground into the physical by having a bite to eat. It’s important to recognize that when you spend a lot of time in light body work, you can seem a bit heady and not connected to this life. You can place your hands on Mother Earth, even inside and let her ground you, or walk outside barefoot, but I finding having a light snack is very helpful!
To be an artist, you have to learn a craft, start to create, and add your imagination. And the only way to get success and to hold it, is to keep in touch with your imagination, keep getting inspired. Many successful artists get blocked in their imagination and inspiration. Very wisely, Dutch TV-presenter Mies Bouwman gave this advise to tv/musical tycoon Joop van den Ende: “Nothing is more lethal than compliments and applause all the time.”
It’s a core Multimedia hub fully packed with exclusive multimedia options comprising of a full sized HDMI port, a mini USB port, a full sized USB 2.0 port, an SD card support, and dual cameras at the front and the rear.
Naive questions are a bit of a pain. “Being transsexual- what is it like?” “Have you always known you were a girl?” “Have you had the operation yet?” Tolerance- “I’m such a liberal sort of person that I can even tolerate people like you” is worse. Acceptance is alright, though I would prefer that it just happened, rather than needed to be a conscious process. My reaction depends upon my mood: yes I want people to understand my kind, for understanding promotes acceptance, but sometimes I am just too tired to engage.
It was shortly after this discovery that a very profound thought hit me. It was during a training call, of all things. The woman leading the training call is a leader in my company, and one of my biggest inspirations. She has come so far, in so short a time, and touched many lives. As I listened to her tell her story about where this business has taken her, and what it is now doing to fully fund her own foundation, it struck me. My calling. Until that moment I didn’t have an inkling of what this business could do for me, or others. All I knew was that I felt called to be here. When she spoke these words, “…it was sometimes overwhelming – knowing that building our own foundation (to help battered women) would take literally millions of dollars of our own money. But we did it. We’re doing it.” I was overwhelmed with excitement. There was my purpose. A foundation that would help children with Stargardt’s and fund research for the disease.
As slow I walk in the cool fresh air the path near by the hospital
Still I'll rise.
Hundreds of exotic, amazing fast and rare cars lined up along West Palm beach’s spacious and gorgeous waterfront where 30,000 admirers gawked, lusted and appreciated this exciting and largest of its kind, amazing event.
3. Sorry, but you're not really my type.
Me: I'm gonna be a poet.
Let us pray:
“I’m sorry, what was it again?” That damn cheeky smile. Nikolas frowned. Fine. Play by the rules.
With the sun out we have been able to clean up and get some things done. Keeping a very close eye on Jasmine, yesterday we pulled alongside the work pier next to Customs, and James the Welder fitted our swim platform back on. This piece was critical because without it, getting out of the dinghy was difficult, and getting out of the water was impossible. We can now go swimming again.
I had the gift of reading all of these books in a one month radius, but if you read Illusions when it first came out a year ago, you'll be a bit confused as Destined starts off right when Illusions ended with little to no back story. So for those of you who haven't been in Avalon for while I am going to direct you the Happily Ever Endings page for Illusions at Down the Rabbit Hole which will get you all caught up and ready to dive into Destined!
I really love it! Just found this tube of cream at my bathroom again and now using it. I just keept it there in my bathroom.
So the moral of this delightful travel story....don’t take unlabeled meds that are same color as Advil...maybe don’t travel alone...don’t attempt moving things while drugged...always wear clean underwear that cover your rear & pack extra pants JUST IN CASE, cuz you NEVER know what could happen. AND ALWAYS, always talk to the people on the plane cuz you NEVER know who you could be sitting next to...yup that’s my way of traveling. Now here’s praying that while you are reading this...and visualizing it all (cuz I know you are, I hear you laughing so don’t think I don’t)...I’m asleep on a NON-eventful plane ride to Chicago & then on to home. NO drugs, clean underwear and non-ripped pants (and darn it yes I have an extra pair in my carry-on just in case) so I’m armed & prepared. Now I gotta start packing all the “just in case stuff” in my tote...as if its not heavy enough...I’m pretty sure there is NO tote bag big enough for “just in case stuff for suzanne”...yeah in fact I know there isn’t ;)
1) $1200 for registration, travel to attend D2L’s FUSION Conference
I was so devastated that I vowed to have no more cats. I found a goldfish bowl at a tag sale and filled it with 5 cheap feeder goldfish. Feeders go for pennies apiece and they are used to feed other fish! In apparent joy of being alive, they thrived. I named them and fussed with their surroundings.
All the best,
In THE BIBLE, a 775,000-word historical fiction/religious memoir, God is the Creator – He from whom all things flow. His creations are uppity things: some of them turn His name into a curse word, some set up false idols in His place, and some eat food He specifically told them was His. One thing’s for sure, God isn’t letting these ungrateful bastards into Heaven until they're redeemed in His eyes.
First I painted the drapery with a copper colored acrylic. I used a Sargent Art acrylic paint that I purchased from Dick Blick. I got a nice little selection in an all in one type deal for $5 but it looks like they aren't selling them like that anymore. These bigger single bottles look like they are the same thing and still a good value. That is real copper wire next to the paint in the picture above for comparison, it's a perfect match. I used copper paint, teal acrylic and some gesso to make my patina.
Africa was beautiful, but Africa was dangerous! Yes, sometimes you could mistake the grasslands for the fields of Bengal, but this was a macabre land. There were deathtraps everywhere … no one could tell what was ahead.
This Saturday night at artma 2010, Morgan’s kindergarten classmates are reuniting to volunteer, in the year she would have graduated. Shane will be there and I will be teary-eyed. Joan and Steven will be both proud and sad. But we all think it’s important these kids remember how fragile life is, how precious friendships are, and how everyone can find a way to make a difference.
If you can't find an efficient algorithm for solving a problem, isn't is better to help users work more efficiently and have a Bachelor's degree as it may seem. Just remember that you are eager for educational enhancement and accelerated job advancement, or prefer a more leisurely learning style- online studies are ideal.
In this heartstopping thriller, Jay Ryan wages a one-man war against enemies both known and unseen. There's only person he can trust - or can he? Winning the war may have devastating consequences for the last interrogator …
It is sweet and salty, crunchy and creamy. A truly fantastic recipe!!
CV: Ahhh- I don't know what to say! I do hope people will spend some time looking at 50 or more pictures and really look at it before they go too far on their own. I also think reading my essay and my father's essay in the new book are required reading to understand the work.
Then why, with so many people suffering 'severe hunger' (including some 14-million inside SA itself at last count) – is the South Africa regime so very stupidly killing off its best food-producing farmers and turning all the farm-land into totally unproductive, State owned wasteland?
Many of us had hoped that America had gotten past such hang-ups when Captain Kirk, played by William Shatner, kissed Lt. Uhuru, played by Nichelle Nichols, on the original “Star Trek” series in 1968, which is often cited as the first interracial kiss on a scripted television series. Yet the people who create network television are still nervous about what the heartland of America will accept.
When you read Doyle’s body of work, you see reflections of those types of changes The stories of a young man’s sense of adventure, historical novels from the heart, various short stories and novels that were born in depression, books highlighting Doyle’s intellectual pursuits whether as a doctor or as a man fascinated by the unseen world of the occult, happy fun adventures written
M-people, vegan
freshly painted fingernails.
The challenge will close as always, next Saturday at 8.00pm GMT.
It’s easy to feel like you make no real difference in the world, especially if your are a doctor, teacher, or humanitarian. But this story helped to remind me of the little acts of humanity that affect individual’s lives that stay with them sometimes more than the big gestures.
Thanks !
This year’s runaway First Place Stella Award winner was: Mrs. Merv Grazinski, of Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, who purchased a new 32-foot Winnebago motor home. On her first trip home, from an OU football game, having driven on to the freeway, she set the cruise control at 70 mph and calmly left the driver’s seat to go to the back of the Winnebago to make herself a sandwich. Not surprisingly, the motor home left the freeway, crashed and overturned. Also not surprisingly, Mrs. Grazinski sued Winnebago for not putting in the owner’s manual that she couldn’t actually leave the driver’s seat while the cruise control was set. The Oklahoma jury awarded her, are you sitting down?
And none that neighbors with us or we want to go and see!
Back in April, I hailed Abbas Kiarostami’s Certified Copy as the best film of 2011 (Yes, it was early but I doubt few can challenge that spot). His playful and stimulating take on truth and perception first caught the attention of the international audience in 1990 with his breakthrough film Close-Up. Based on the true story of a man who was arrested for posing as a filmmaker and promising film roles to an upper-middle family, Kiarostami brilliantly uses the real-life individuals involved with the incident to produce a part-documentary, part-fictional account of the story. The catch is that there is no way to tell which part of the film is real and which part is staged. Close-up is an endlessly fascinating study on reality, identity, filmmaking, class struggle, redemption and perhaps a lot more. There are much to look for in this groundbreaking film, and the man who many critics called the best filmmaker of the past 25 years weaves it altogether seamlessly. (Note: Extras include The Traveler, Kiarostami’s debut feature film.)
Why do we always arrange for more?
"What if I find someone who WANTS to go back to school? Would that work?"
she is letting Mom and me use her puter for real
A lot of the criticism of Kachka’s article seems to centre on his depressing analysis expressed from speaking with industry insiders about the current predicament in publishing across the globe. One of the key quotes he uses in his article is from statistician, Philip Roth;
Job Description:At Kaiser Permanente Northern California, you'll join a team of health advocates who share your passion for helping people. From our laboratory professionals to our RNs to our physical therapists-and everyone in between-we work together to help our members achieve their best level of wellness. And you'll be inspired to do the same. Whether you dream of sailing the bay, hitting the slopes, hiking Yosemite, attending the opera, or strolling the vineyards, you'll discover the cultural and recreational diversity that makes Northern California one of the most desirable places in the world to live and work. Northern California's largest health plan, Kaiser Permanente provides you with the resources, scope, and opportunity you need to realize your goals. Come see for yourself.
So for Mr. R, I know we connected as doctor and patient because you are comfortable busting my chops.
5) That young poets have to 'find their voice' and then stick with it. Poetry is at least partly a form of ventriloquism. But it's not a bad thing to find a style and stick with it. Some poets make a career out of being many voices. Edwin Morgan comes to mind. A poet who only has one voice might end up being very boring; or they might end up being Norman MacCaig. In any case, your 'voice' will find you: Edwin Morgan never sounded anything other than himself, whether he was the Loch Ness Monster or a Mercurian.
See? Im so chuffed with this. Makes me feel good that Im doing my bit for up-cycling and my ribbons and fibres arent stuck in a bag all scrunched up and they look scrummy........theyre certainly better looking than that ugly door of mine, heehee!
I was reading a Bill Maher book last night called, The New Rules, A Funny Look At How Everybody But Me Has Their Head Up Their Ass. A humble title, from a humble man, but it is funny, and he explains it by saying that people didn’t really get the sarcasm in his first book title, New Rules, Polite Musings from a Timid Observer.
Anywho...how about a new item of month?
one full week of YUCK!
So when I think about some of the bland, boring queries I've sent out, I cringe. And I realize that part of the problem was that I knew too much about the story to identify the selling point. Fortunately, I've learned a little bit since I started querying. For one thing, I already have the one sentence pitch done for my current WIP, and for the next one on the list. I'm not letting myself get derailed by other aspects of the story that I've fallen in love with along the way. I'm also making darn sure I nail down the BIG concept before I write in the future.
ARTICLE 1
This year I had my mom here and I put her to work and I have to say that when you have help it goes so fast. I will usually put the tree together while the girls sleep and then let them help decorate, but this year they wanted to help. It turned out pretty good, the girls had a good time.
4 period
Many reasons for the increase of distressed properties are tied to the economy and jobs. Homeowners have not had money to properly maintain their homes, homes are in short-sale, foreclosure status, abandoned completely, etc.
Perak Executive Councillor for Health, Local Government and Environment
Now Paul is stating that the Lord has sent him to all men, Jew and Gentile. There definitely was a change occurring and the orthodox Jews were fighting it even though God was doing it.
Juice Defender is a great 3rd party software which helps out in the batter management. I strongly recommend that Google buy this company and integrate the battery savings into the core part of the OS.
Thanks to Mulder and Heather for this information
Enjoy your Friday!
on 2 December 2010, 25 years to the day after the poet Philip Larkin died.
The presumption in Ankron and De Aldecoa attaches only to land registration cases brought under the provisions of Act No. 926, or more specifically those cases dealing with judicial and administrative confirmation of imperfect titles. The presumption applies to an applicant for judicial or administrative conformation of imperfect title under Act No. 926. It certainly cannot apply to landowners, such as private claimants or their predecessors-in-interest, who failed to avail themselves of the benefits of Act No. 926. As to them, their land remained unclassified and, by virtue of the Regalian doctrine, continued to be owned by the State.
(Gods and Monsters #2)
And though she'll grow and someday leave,
"I ran away."
Togetherness is the main theme of Thanksgiving. It is a celebration of our beloved family and friends and of all the blessings in our lives.
It’s typical! Following on from yesterdays post.. Me sat in all day waiting for a parcel… There was no tracking number given as the shop’s manager was on holiday and couldn’t provide me with that info… hmm
3 tbsps fresh chives, chopped
Pick through lentils, rinse and boil in a pot until done.
Before I move on to looking at the impact, let’s make sure everyone’s clear on what actually happened. Listening at the back?
Your approach to the meeting adds to the problematic nature of this situation. I have expressed a concern about intimidation. It is not an unreasonable concern: I have seen you and Kathy working together, in class and elsewhere. Moreover, as I say, I have experienced your hostility. It is reasonable to resist being ganged-up on, especially when my classmates are enjoying normal meetings with just one of you at a time. You have completely ignored that concern, however. Indeed, your latest message suggests that intimidation may be just fine with you. I note, in particular, that you visibly copied Margaret on that message, without the courtesy of an explanation as to why the director of the Ph.D. program suddenly needed to be apprised of our correspondence.
I spot the blurb on the side of the can of Special Brew 'best shared well chilled' - Shared? When was the last time you saw a tramp sharing a can of Spesh? I can just see it now, one tramp pours into another tramps fluted tasting glass, tramp 2 swills it around, takes a sniff, and sips it back gently, savouring every intricate flavour profile in the glass! The substitution of the word served with shared is just cynical marketing bullshit, not fooling anyone methinks!
Princeton? The University of Kansas? Kansas State University? University of Missouri Colombia? University of Chicago? University of London? Only the seed knows. And time will tell, regardless of where my girl decides to define her future. That’s now defining success.
*VIRTUAL GROUP EDITOR HUG*
Has Lidz taken some kind of poll that suggests that Brooklyn Accents is a favorite? Did that come from Ratner's office? WWMS? (What would Marty Markowitz say?) This would position the team along with the few NBA franchises with less tangible nouns, like the Orlando Magic, the Miami Heat, and the Utah (formerly New Orleans) Jazz.
Thursday, 26 January 2012
As I said yesterday... I love a mug of green tea in the morning in a Japanese stoneware mug... that has been made in an iron teapot... but if I am drinking tea later in the day I prefer to drink from a porcelain cup... It makes no sense, but there is no way to solve my idiosyncrasies... not at this stage... I think we are all a little the same... we like it how we like it... and when it comes to tea and coffee... I think we are all a little particular... I know it's not polite to be so fussy... but in the comfort of our own homes... I say let's be fussy... We have our ways of preparation, the flavours we prefer, the brands we choose and the teapots, coffeepots, machines, cups and saucers that we rely on...
On Monday, I spoke of a need for structure in writing a story or novel. When writing about another time period or indeed even in fantasy and science fiction settings, the author needs to consider the infrastructure of their setting and the effects that will have on their characters and stories from the time travel takes, to sensible clothing choices to relevant status symbols.
Elle has been a great sister in all of this. She has told her teachers that Alex is "at home with a boo-boo," and loves to touch his new hair-do (notice the shaved head). I have realized that she is going to be one handful when the therapist, that visits Alex, told me that Elle told her teachers that she would not get off the trampaline. When told that she must, she huffed and went to sit at the FRONT of the line. When told she had to move to the back, she huffed again and at least did what she was told! What a diva!
Ink: Black
Steps: 6
1. As a facilitator on issues of diversity and inclusion, I understand that racism (and other “isms”) are often unconscious. We absorb negative messages through various media (and education, and people, etc.) and we feed it back without interrogating ourselves. (Remember the “chink in the armour” comment in the NBA a few months back?)
You can listen to all my soundtracks AND everything...
Busy-And-Important-Husband took photos.
The president defeats only Newt Gingrich, 51 percent to 37 percent....
There seems to be no real story worth following,the characters are all deep thinkers and extremely intelligent,oh,and dont forget extremely Fuck*ing Boring !
My colours were inspired by the Icopics challenge blog and I’m very happy that I’ve managed to fit a card into their challenge! As we are moving house in two weeks, and I truly didn’t think I would be able to manage this one… happy, happy, happy!
Grab your current read.
On Saturday one of our favorite haunts, Coalition Brewing, hosted “Mighty Mites: A session beer festival” on their back patio. This was the second such festival of the summer with Blitz Ladd putting on “Summer Session” the last Saturday of the July. We didn’t make it to that one, having out of town beer lovers and houseguests to tour around Beervana, and had it not been the case that my better half is a greater fan of session beers than I am, I might not have made it to this one either.
Burst had charged that Microsoft had met with it over a two-year period and negotiated unsuccessfully for the rights to use Burst’s innovative technology. Burst also said in 2002, that Microsoft’s newly announced “Corona” product used technologies and trade secrets misappropriated from Burst.com. These proprietary technologies were protected by numerous U.S. and International patents (and patents pending).
I saw several on-line and they are all gorgeous.
And when you finally wake up from the dream, don’t grouse about and throw Internet hissy fits and generate drama. Because who knows if the next dream to come true … is right around the corner?
I didn’t go trick-or-treating until I was in high school, and I went with my brother. It was a horrible experience. These asshole high-schoolers bullied my brother and me, and just followed us around creepily, taunting us. I hated it. Then eventually, they stole my brother’s candy, and I yelled something after them. I felt really REALLY terrible. I had been bullied since the 6th grade. The guy was Brandon Carter. We were psuedo-friends in 5th grade, and then in 6th grade, he started teasing me and bulling me. Just typing this makes me feel like crying because I was so miserable. What a dick. Anyway, I suspect that one of the guys that Halloween was probably Brandon Carter, but since they were in costumes, I couldn’t be sure. I gave my brother my candy but I don’t think it made it any better. I know I still felt terrible. I still feel terrible to this day.
Being Southern is a lifestyle, and no matter how many years you live north of the Mason-Dixon line (and technically, I’ve spent more time Up North now than I have Down South), you never become a Yankee (although you do move a lot faster than we do in that heat). So you’ll see the Southern hospitality thing the minute you hit my front door. There’s also the same emphasis on warmth and comfort that we have down in Dixie too.
The price and fit were too good to pass up. We'll see if it gets into a capsule by the end of September (when I switch back to my winter wardrobe). Of all the items I purchased, this is the one I'm least enamoured with.
Finally freeing me from long-term misery;
Do you prefer to be the one who cooks, or the one who cleans up?
She gave a speech at a dinner in Westminster house last night
Eternal truths I could impart
Ink some of your Doilies with Frost White ink and stamp them randomly over the tag. I used to ink with Clear embossing ink and white embossing powder, but I found that white ink +white powder on white cardstock give us the better effect.
He had enough on his plate. Gösta Berling has a huge cast—more than 20 actors play significant roles—and a Dallas-like plot filled with bed-hopping rich folk, awkward expirations and shady lines of inheritance. I won’t even try to summarize it all. What you need to know is that Elizabeth is the Italian-born wife of a Swedish clod named Henrik, who stands to inherit the Borg estate. The legality of their marriage is in question. Meanwhile, Gösta burns his time as a ‘Knight of Ekeby,’ one of a dozen potbellied vagabonds and loafers who serve as entertainment for Margaretha (Gerda Lundequist), her husband (‘the Major’), and their guests. In case this sounds cruel, let it be known that the knights deserve little better, and Margaretha, though she’s committed sins of her own, is easily their moral superior.
You give the judgment.
Remember that if you are wearing new shoes on your wedding day you should break them in in the weeks before the big day. In addition to avoiding any slips and falls you want to be conformable in them and avoid getting any blisters, especially if they’re too tight. There’s no superstition about the groom not seeing the bride’s shoes before the wedding so feel free to wear them around the house.
Look at your environment, notice the emboldened who make a point of getting their attention wants filled, and do some of what they do; people on YOUR path are in the world around you. If possible ask them to pay some attention to you, if anyone is going to understand it’s the people actually getting what it is you want. That’s kind of a rule. As with all forward growth there is a catch-22 to deal with. To heal involves asking for the basic attentions we were denied as children, but if we knew how to go about this task we wouldn’t need to. The problem and its solution are inextricably linked this way. You will have to try things you don’t know how to do and won’t come easy at first.
Where did they get a boat?
So- what did you think of the Oscars?
Although the Weeknd's first mixtape, self-released for free on the Internet, undoubtedly benefitted from all the hype and mystery surrounding its release, the music here holds up well enough that it doesn't need the hype. Abel Tesfaye's high, slightly eerie croon, often tweaked or doubled, drifts hauntingly above the dank production on this suite of atmospheric R&B tunes. Tesfaye's lyrics often have a skeevy, seamy edge to them, lyrically tracing the boundaries of a world of late-night debauchery, drugs and alcohol haze, grinding and fucking in the club, then forgetting most of it the next morning. These songs deliberately erase distinctions of good or bad taste, while the moody production wraps comfortingly around Tesfaye's voice, which often seems to come, caked in reverb, from somewhere far away, his crude and crass words swathed in the darkness of a moonless night. The songs are often catchy, balancing pop-radio-ready synthesizer sheen with Tesfaye's blunt come-ons, so that the album's depiction of blank-eyed dionysian excess is made strangely appealing and even beautiful. [download]
1/4 tsp crushed red pepper or to taste
We coated the floor with four coats of ploy. The first coat took about 8 hours to dry. We really didn’t want to have to sand between coats, so we made sure to recoat within 12 hours. He used a bristle applicator rather than a wool one. It seemed like he had better control over the thickness with it. We had to evacuate the house at night while it was drying. It was in the 30s outside, so opening the windows wasn't’ really an option. He’s not wearing it in the above picture because he had just started, but he did wear a face mask the whole time he did the coats of poly.
In addition, we believe that there will be a large number of Indiana taps on hand, though that list is harder to get a hold of. We know that many breweries we work with on a daily basis are sending beer to the event.
Last year we got a thrill arriving on the streets of "Deadwood" at sunset. Same thrill this year.
If we abandon community, however, we abandon sanctification. Without God’s family we are left an unfinished masterpiece.
Crushed windfalls decaying in dead leaves.
Find something that makes you happy, and do that. Often.
Him: She’s not pressuring me for anything more serious. We’re taking it as it goes. Which is all I want. I’m not looking ahead too far.
All our talking didn't seem to change the outcome for my friend. She kept losing the light. Why couldn't her psychologist do more? Why couldn't we have perceived just how serious it was?
He called for pre-boarding. Two people moved. Wait 5 minutes.
Also, there was a visit by two lovely ladies who are associated with the protest group SmashEDO from Brighton. We watched a series of films explaining who they were. I had heard of SmashEDO and knew what they were about, but i do have to say that i am now fully informed…and respect to these people.
"Essentially, wolves have long thin snouts and their teeth are not crowded, and domestication results in this shortening of the snout and widening of the jaws and crowding of the teeth."
Concentrating Capital and Family Decision-Making. It is unthinkable to most Koreans, Japanese, or Chinese people to leave their children to finance their education or housing totally to the banks and government. It’s not always that there is the expectation of care later on, but if one has the money, why would they have their kids pay 5-7+% interest every year on a loan? A western adaptation to this could be to write a loan contract, even with interest, but at least this money would be kept within the family instead of to random investors and institutions. This securing of financing from outside sources is a major reason why westerners are losing their holdings – it is like a chicken handing over her eggs to the fox and then wondering where her pension went.
Now if we were talking about teenagers or vulnerable women I would question it too, but these were all mature, able capable women who seemingly chose to do what they do.
Eagle Creek park was the destination yesterday and I have to admit that while other people enjoy spring because the flowers come out I enjoy spring because the bugs come out. The first bug of the season is this brown shield bug known in the vernacular as the stink bug because of it’s abhorrent personal grooming habits.
So what better time to get started with that than with the release of the third and final trailer for this summer’s much anticipated The Dark Knight Rises, and it’s a doozy, sure to keep all the fanboys (myself included) happy until the July 20 premier.
Recipe Level:Medium
Kettle chips (Not all kettle chips are gluten free, I stick with the Kettle brand, it says gluten free right on the bag!)
FB: NON!!! It's that THEEEENG...(he shakes his hands with frustration)
but robots
Looking at the butler, the Pharaoh said, “Well butler, it’s your lucky day. I’m immediately freeing you and making you again my chief butler.”
WHOOMPH.
He was to die later in the lengthy Somme offensive, on September 15th 1916. The archivist at the Regimental Headquarters in London, kindly copied the relevant pages from a three-volume history written by their Lieutenant Colonel. It gives a vivid blow-by-blow account of the days leading up to George’s death, when the regiment suffered particularly heavy losses. With the advent of the internet it is now so much easier to research family history and there are vast amounts of information available, but I treasure those yellowing photocopies of over a quarter a century ago. Re-reading the account chills the blood. Mistakes were made, moments of indecision cost countless lives, a foolhardy and almost comical bravery was shown by some of the officers which is reminiscent of those poignant final scenes of Blackadder Goes Forth. I’m not going to go into the details of the indivual assaults but I would like to share with you some of the pictures drawn by this account, which have helped sketch in some details of two days in the life of my great-uncle. He wasn’t an unknown soldier but to some extent he was a man of mystery. We know so little of him and he has no known grave, but at least we can place him approximately in those last few days, sharing the hardships and comradeship of his fellow soldiers. If you don’t like descriptions of war then read no further, but if you want to hear of tales of bravery and selflessness, this would be a good place to begin. I would urge you to visit the beautifully kept war cemeteries and battlefield memorials, and marvel at the sheer magnitude of the slaughter of young men on both sides of the conflict. The skylark does indeed sing over their graves. Poppies do indeed grow in the open fields. Read the words below and remember those who fell.
Anyway, eating healthier will help us in many ways -- of that I (although not a doctor!) am certain. Problem is there is just so much conflicting information out there. There is common sense (less meat! more whole foods!), but then there are lots of other seemingly worthy factors to consider. We have been dabbling in the Alkaline Diet (as that is what is supposed to most address the issue he is dealing with), but it is very extreme (basically vegan with no fats at all, even plant-based ones....um, hello salad with lemon?). A few friends are raving about the GAPS diet, and I feel aspects of that could help us. Also, eating based on our doshas (which, of course, are different from each other) is intriguing, as is food combining. But again, there are so many conflicting theories! So hard to know which path is right for us (which again may be different from each other ARGH!!!)
Archie Pelago (1115-12)
- Break all brokerage actions down into three silos: prospecting, winning, and transacting business;
In my internal spiritual journey...a search for me, if you will, I have spent many hours reading a wide selection of books and watching documentaries on the subjects of atheism, metaphysics, spirituality, and the origin of religion. Knowledge is power and as it is said.."take what you can use and leave the rest."
On another front, I was away in Las Vegas for a week attending a family wedding and left my son to tend the garden in my absence. After about five or six days he decided to peek inside the cucumber bush to see if anything was ready for picking. At right you can see his one day harvest. When I first bought the cucumber plant, its tag said the mature fruit would be about six inches long. The tape measure along the bottom of the photo tells you these cukes are a lot bigger than six inches and these aren't even the largest ones that have been picked. I picked one that measured 11 inches long and another that was 9 inches long. The largest was nearly as thick as my arm. The one in the picture at left was as long as my forearm and they are all sugar sweet. The tomatoes pictured are only a fraction of what's still on the vine and the size of what's to come is enormous. I've been eating fresh cukes and tomatoes on a daily basis and loving every bite. I only fertilize when I first plant so I can't say that I'm doing anything particularly special to get such outstanding results. I'm beginning to think my earthworms are pooping steroids into the garden.
The weather is getting cold and as we heading to Holidays, I'm realy looking forward for the first flurries to appear..
"Okay, I am feeling the apartment trembling. It trembled about four times in the last few minutes with the accompanying low, rumbling noise. I thought I might be getting paranoid, but my room-mate heard it, too - he thinks it might be a plane. But I've been hearing planes fly over our heads all day long and didn't feel the apartment shake. Anyways, the news aren't updating us about it so who knows.
Out of the wound-gash in the earth, the horseman mounts,
And now, I’m headed off to enjoy an afternoon of friends, an early evening full of big-time middle school basketball games, and a night of pizza and drinks with my friends. Enjoy this chilly, sunshine-y day chickadees!
Wives
casino pattern
When you’re trying to watch the kettle boil, and it seems like it is taking forever, perhaps the universe is trying to tell you to focus your energies elsewhere.
There are times, as a parent when you just have to walk away from the situation before you kill someone. Last night I walked away.
(Gil McKean, from the original liner notes)
I remember as if it were yesterday the time we spoke about the phrase in which Friedrich Nietzsche says that Christians must have the faces of the redeemed, if one is going to be able to believe in their Redeemer
USEFUL WORDS:
So what was your favorite present this year???
SIDEBAR: Aw dude……I hate seein folks hangin onto a bad relationship. You know whats worse? Takin the fool……. BACK. Does ANYONE respect that? Jeesh. ….. Lemme say it speaks of something lame when a woman takes back a proven loser who whimpers and whines and begs her a thousand times for months to take him back …..after they’ve proven they don’t have balls. Has anyone EVER looked back and said that was a good idea??? Weak? PASS Smart? FAIL…..I have never understood why no means “just ask me 500 times and eventually I’ll say yes.” Rinse …..Repeat. Repeat.
What Does A Court Reporter Do?
Still, Galloway attacks the EDL and continues his support for muslims. He praised Saddam Hussein (http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/George_Galloway). Imagine that -- praising the man who committed genocide against the Kurds.
The original Fab Four from Down Under are back! The Wiggles summer tour will reunite Anthony, Jeff and Murray with Yellow Wiggle Greg Page as they perform together again for the first time in five years. Come “Follow the Leader” and dance the “Hot Potato” with The Wiggles, Captain Feathersword, Dorothy the Dinosaur, Henry the Octopus, Wags the Dog and all the Wiggly Dancers when they are Getting Strong in Los Angeles!
Friday is payday so...Pizza! :)
So, yesterday, my prized little rack arrived via UPS. I assembled it and then quickly removed the wife’s prized crock pot, scale, can opener, and spice rack from the counter-top in order to make room for my little toy. Who needs all that other stuff in a kitchen anyway?
This Cheetah is tame as a house cat and can be handled by visitors. What a beautiful animal. The Cheetah is the fastest animal on land, capable of up to 80 km/h for short distances. I have never heard of a Cheetah attacking humans. Not even in the wild.
The sitting room looks fabulous with all these paintings and virtually no furniture or clutter. We go in there and enjoy the display.
The augment houses at the alpha of anniversary apple (the point with an arrow at the start) alter chargeless on the time you get on a stage.If you get x11, x22, x33 on the timer, a Red Augment abode appears, which generates items.
It was not so for me. The more I learned about western trees, and grasses and wildflowers, the better I grew to love the dry, hot western desert mountains. The more I yearned to learn about the geology that carved spectacular canyons and isolated pinyon pines from ponderosa with a sea of sagebrush — and the more I learned, the more I appreciated how delicately balanced the whole thing was.
So whether any given government can be identified as conservative or not is clearly a matter of degree -- a matter of how much the individual person is respected, a matter of how much government is trusted and a matter of how much compromise and pragmatism is resorted to -- but broadly conservative government can clearly arise from parties that are either nominally Leftist or nominally Rightist. In the Australian case matters have progressed to the point where the major choice on offer is between two conservative parties -- though there are of course also various minor parties (Greens, Democrats) that lean well to the Left. In the case of Tony Blair one would have to say that his conservative inclinations have generally led to little in the way of conservative results because of his trust in bureaucracy as a way of achieving his goals.
Because, most charities I know get money from government funding, local councils, as well as other funding sources, and they get it from the public. Only the government are cutting funding left, right and centre. They are cutting the budgets of local councils, and people are losing jobs, have higher bills, higher VAT, and they just don't have spare cash for giving to charities.
Law of Peace, Joy
I've stamped her out twice and decoupaged her hat brim,top,right pig tail ribbon, flower and right shoe, these have been stuck on with pinflair glue for a little depth and height,
I layered and doodled on several sheets of designer papers. The flowers were stamped and colored with shimmerz. I wrote the verse with my black pigma pen then colored with Copic markers.
Intellectual Property Laws Amendment (Raising the Bar) Act 2012
Speak to the child O bard out of Manhattan,
corn, diced cucumber and pineapple tossed in a basic olive oil and balsamic dressing.
Speaking of village. I still don’t know it’s name but it’s always referred to by saying, “We go Tan Chau.” Now she is more likely to say, “We go Chau Doc”. Which is where we have gone into business together. A bar-restaurant, called Welcome Bar. But that’s another story.
keep reading!
‘The mistake is to make of God either an explanatory God of the gaps or a useful hypothesis to explain the origin of the universe. But we are now returning to the simple and essentially biblically truth that God does not serve any outside purpose.’
Introducing the new look of Knitty Bitties::
The class was amazing. It was a full day, 9:00 - 4:00 then 6:00 - 8:00, but time flew by. Not hard to believe considering it's a topic I love and Colleen is a very animated and dynamic instructor. The class consisted of some lecture, PowerPoint, video, and lots of practice coloring time.
Ghost (Faroe Islands) @ Nordic House (Friday 17. October)
“Which? That thing with the bully, or-”
So here we are again... the talented ladies of Sweet November are ready to show you another set of sweet Fairwees from Sweet Novemberland!
I get up every week day at about 5.45am and stare at the computer with varying degrees of productivity. Perversely, I find myself more productive on the three days I have to go to work. The other two days can disappear because they lack structure. I’m thinking of finding a nice quiet place away from my house with no internet connection. I’ve spent so much of my life going to work so I think I have to create that for my writing days.
I am really hoping to get the Berry Love Cards this year...so go check out Tiny Prints and let me know what fun Christmas cards you see and create for your cards this year.
Roukens de Lange, A (1999). The Guinea Fowl Scenario for South Africa. 1998. Occasional paper No. 2, South African New Economics (SANE) Foundation. Cape Town.
If a grave danger and a situation threatening national unity, the safety and integrity of the territories of the homeland occurs, or prevents state institutions from shouldering their constitutional responsibilities, the President of the Republic might take the quick measures nictitated by these circumstances to face that danger.
Last nights dinner was chicken stir-fry, pictured below.
So to sum it up, my biryani expeditions are rather funny and so I've resigned to making pilaf which is much much much easier, more or less the same flavours (although connoisseurs in the field would beg to differ) and most of the time quenches my biryani craving.
"Consumers are trading down."
“Are you ready ma’am?” The guard is waiting for my response.
On Faith…
the Detroit Tigers of my youth
Nick Lowles should be ashamed of himself for using the deaths of innocent Norwegians to justify and further his anti-democratic campaign against all right-wing groups. He daren’t speak out directly against the Conservative Party - as the ‘capitalist party’ he thinks it is - for fear of digging his own grave. Better one step at a time. However, he did accuse David Cameron of 'pandering to racists and fascists' when he gave that critical speech on multicultural fundamentalism.
Yes it does, and the reason for this is that Gregory H. Stanton presented these facts as a briefing paper at the US State Department in 1996, two years after the Rwandan genocide, which is incidentally only two years after South Africa became a democracy.
The third work in progress is a suspense novel I started last year just before I got the good news about The Benefactor. It starts off as a deceptively simple murder mystery, but it doesn't end up that way. In fact, I'm not sure how it will end. I have two possible paths to explore.
“One of these days I expect to climb this staircase and find your skeleton draped over that scrying bowl.”
I am all fake smiley smiley this morning getting ready for work and walking in the rain without an umbrella with tyDi’s music blasting in my ears. I get on the train, watch the rain, try to be sad and relate to the lyrics of the songs playing – which by the way, isn’t hard to do. Nadia Ali’s lyrics at the moment are practically composed of pieces right out of my life.
This is a boldfaced lie. Its newest rule is based on the debasement of science that is characterized and embodied in the global warming hoax. It will deprive America of the energy it requires to function.
If you dont speak Dutch, once again this comp won't mean a lot to you, but you can consider this compilation as a sort of a little present to you. Next week is my birthday but then there will be a summer compilation.
1. Short directed meeting- I call them hub meeting. A stand around less than 10 minute meeting to highlight the days events, any changes from the pervious day, any challenges from the previous day, recognize any high achievers and a good quote or motivation for the day. If you can assign one of the team on a rotation and have one who will bring the quote of the day, it works well.
Any actor worth their fancy trousers will tell you that there is a book that is the actor’s Bible and they also tell you that that book is ‘An Actor Prepares’ by Constantin Stanislavski. ‘An Actor Prepares’ was first published in 1936 and is the first volume of translations of Stanislavski’s books on acting , it is intended to be a learning tool that indirectly teaches the aspiring thespian by example. It is constructed as a fictional diary of a naïve young drama student named Kostya and charts his progress through his first year of training in Stanislavski’s ‘system’. Predominantly the book is concerned with the inexperienced Kostya and his classmates, under the tutelage of their teacher and director Tortsov, learning that every preconceived idea they had about the nature of the craft is wrong as it fails to align with the Stanislavski ‘system’.
Criminogenic Corporate Gas Producers
It touches my heart deeply that Jesus’ last words before He left His disciples
You can choose to turn and go the opposite direction of the carnage of tragedy, but you can’t at the same time experience the healing power of God and come alongside those who are mourning and crying out in despair. You will find yourself simultaneously fleeing the mercy of God for yourself and as an instrument in the lives of others.
Ch 5, 3 tr in ring, ch 5, sl st in ring, ch 5, 3tr in ring, ch5, sl st in ring.
To hold it together.
You can be sure that next time I will see if I can get this beautiful reddish-brown….
05. Tunguska 4:35
This card came for me via Postcrossing. It is from Austria. As with many tourist cards I get, I add one more place on my list of locations to visit - someday.
To extend more fully - films may contain politics subject to interpretation. For instance, we can state without controversy that The Birth of a Nation is a racist film. But these are not necessarily the first nor final word on the politics of those films; in any event they are never, ever the only word. This is why we can have something like DJ Spooky's Rebirth of a Nation - which I haven't seen, admittedly, but which by all accounts seems to be exemplify in its production/distribution exactly what is overlooked in the spectatorial theories of the previous paragraph: i.e., the act of reception (which entails the possibility of critique and the inevitable context of the social body). And it is around the act of reception that the more cultivated tastes of more cultivated observers may, in fact, veil a profound insensitivity to sentiment. More on this to follow.
However, I'm no longer deluding myself into thinking that we could use our camping gear for any kind of long term, rugged emergency situtation. I'll have to consider that and make up a new plan. In the meantime, I am grateful that although I came by this knowledge the hard way, the only thing that was lost is replaceable. We feel so blessed that the people we love most were safe and in the end we were all reunited. After it was all over my mom said to me, "Why would God let this happen to us?" but all I can feel is gratitude that He protected us all when it did.
Sleigh bells ring, are you listening?
King Street Gallery
But I would like to share my tartan loony moment. (The tartan loony wears tartan from his tam o'shanter to his shoes). He hadn't heard of the internet, so there's no danger of him reading this, just in case you were wondering. This is the guy who hi-jacked (for the third year in a row) one of my workshops, and spent it asking bizarre and pointless questions and being quite angry with me for actually having had some books published despite being an idiot.
We are going to order the cotbed this weekend, along with the highchair... I am sssoooooo excited lol!!
You really do not save any time, however, by taking a 30 minute flight compared to driving an hour and a half.
The operation didn't work.
Jon thought I went overboard but green hair spray is f-u-n and I'll be damned if I'm doing anything half. The kids and I all donned green hair, though my mother refused...she thought her bright red hair mixed with green might look a little like frog guts.
Day 1- Leave house around 9ish, get on the highway. Excited squeees ensue from Mel and Erica.
It is the physical body that interfaces with the dense 3rd dimension. It is the aware conscious multidimensional self, present in the body, that can and does transform and transmute all that is offered through your human experience. It is in this incredible and divine partnership between the physical self and the multidimensional self that all true work and service is offered.
Thanks to all my new friends I've made during my little linky party! It's been so much fun!
My little Brooklyn started preschool last week. She's been looking forward to it all summer.
Add butter to a medium large saucepan and melt on medium heat. Add flour and whisk constantly until turns a golden brown, about 5-7 minutes depending on your heat. Continue whisking briskly while you steadily stream in your warm milk making a nice roux. Make sure you do not have any lumps, if you start to see them form simply whisk faster (you can use a mixer if you have a whisking beater). Now, bring to a slight boil while stirring with a wooden spoon. You want your roux to thicken but not turn into a batter. Remove from heat and cool slightly for 5 minutes. Whisk all of your eggs together and slowly stream them into your roux, mixing quickly to avoid scrambling. Now, add your cheese and seasonings.
Some quick notes on how things have changed from the Bellator and UFC events of the last couple weeks:
of a little girl, or the pilgrim
Down an ancient track through the trees the towering lizards moved slowly, the most powerful of the strange otherworldly knights marching steadily with them. They did not speak or pause for rest, but marched continuously, never breaking stride, utterly composed and focused.
Canon EOS Rebel T3 Digital Camera Kit puts the popular Rebelin your hands. You’ll be shooting from day one with this value-minded kit – going beyond what your point-and-shoot allows, making your creative ideas a reality. Just remember to first charge the included lithium-ion battery and pop in an SD/SDHC/SDXC memory card and you’ll be ready to roll. What’s more, the T3 can be used with all Canon EF and EF-S lenses – expanding your options throughout the line-up.
In fact the movie does not cover much after the US and NATO arrival in 2001.
Mitchell “failed to perform his duty and withheld information about substantial instances of misconduct, and even criminal activity,” the report said.
His blog is well worth the time it takes away from writing or other activities. I believe it is better than a university education in publishing, both Indie and traditional, and, of course, it is free. I wish I was selling more stories, so I could slip some money into his Tip Jar. I understand I need patience while I wait for my list of stories to find readers, but after that I intend to tip him, just to show my appreciation for all he does for Indie authors.
Another thing I like about the photos that my friends took.... there are so many adopted people in the photos. There are a number of adults who were adopted as children, and there are just tons of adopted kids running around our church. Some are from China, some from Hot Springs. That's no joke! :)
"I've described all my experiences," Jessica said. "In detail!"
“What kind of person celebrates death? It’s amazing how people can HATE a man they never even heard speak. We’ve only heard one side . . .”
To register for a workshop please email mystampingstudio@eastlink.ca or call 472-3303.
April 1996 was a black month in Lebanon’s history, and the 18th of it was a stigma on Israel’s face.
As you approach, you can see Eygalières perched on a hill topped by an ancient castle tower. As you get closer, you can see the small houses which make up the village. I had been to Eygalières once before and had wandered the streets ducking in and out of shops and walked up to the castle ruins to see the view from the top of the hill before dining at nearby Maison Bru Restaurant.
Our God is our true peace! He has broken down that middle wall of partition between people. This term in Ephesians 2 refers to the wall separating the court of the Gentiles from the rest of the Herodian temple but our Lord through His Word to us makes it very clear that we are ONE in Christ. There is not a wall between the Jew and the Gentile. I have as much right to Jesus as any one else! God took care of that on the cross. Praise the Lord for this beautiful time of the year as we celebrate the resurrection of our Savior, The Prince of Peace.
Dehydrate at 145F for 2 hours.
Smadar Haran, wife and mother of the murder victims, described the murder in the Washington Post in 2003 in these words:
Just because animals can’t speak, doesn’t mean that we should completely lose any shred of a moral code that we may possibly have does it? Some humans can barely talk or string a fuckin' sentence together, out of sheer laziness - but still demand that they get what they think they deserve!
This film is exactly like the others in terms of humour, gross-out gags and male immaturity but I think that’s why people who loved the original films in the beginning will love this movie. If you didn’t like them then or you are new to the franchise, I don’t think you will like it as much or follow it completely.
This was my first time using the scented embossing powder by Stampin' Up!. I really like it! It also comes in Melon and Cherry scent and is available in the current Occasions Mini catalogue.
The allegations come after Los Angeles Times stories detailing FBI probes into deputy misconduct in the jails. The declarations are expected to be filed in court today as part of a report by the American Civil Liberties Union, which is a court-appointed monitor of jailhouse conditions. It’s not uncommon for inmates to make allegations of abuse, but these sworn statements are noteworthy because all three are from independent civilians who say they came forward because they were troubled by what they saw.
Honestly, I’ve seen episodes of SCOOBY DOO that are scarier, and therein lies my problem with CABIN. As a horror film, it’s simply not scary. There is nothing at stake here. Every time the action shifts from the cabin to the control room, the audience is pulled away from any growing attachment it may have developed for the victims. Without fear and tension, there is no horror. Call me crazy, but I’m still looking for a horror film that scares the shit out of me – much like THE EXORCIST or HALLOWEEN or THE TEXAS CHAINSAW MASSACRE or SCREAM or THE DESCENT did. I’m old-school like that.
Jonjo O’Neill (Jackdaws Castle, Gloucestershire)
Each of the breweries will produce beer with fresh, undried, green hop grown in Kent. A firkin of each beer will be sold at the Canterbury Food Festival and the rest will be distributed to pubs by the brewers.
Pauline has always been an advocate of healthy choices, and of late, she has been making a lot of soba for our meals, using the tried and tested way of having cold soba with Japanese soya sauce.
You’re on your own now, babe.
Harry Potter, what can I say about you? A lot actually since it probably still is my favorite book series since I was 11. Stephaine Meyer, you got nothing on the Queen of Harry Potter, the lovely and fabulous J.K. Rowling. I point blank hate it when people compare “Twilight” to “Harry Potter”. Ahh… no ranting, it’s not the time as I stare at the massive amounts of school work I have yet to complete.
I found this article written at the Rowan Tree Foundation through another blog yesterday. Obviously ten months later I have had the opportunity to work through many things that she discusses, but in the end this is me. I am still a grieving parent, and will always be the parent of a child in Heaven. There are many things in her article that I felt like I could have written myself (I've bolded them below).
It is your choice and your choice alone…
Looks like my slippers have finally had it.
E: a pretty hat and a pretty clothes
“Instead of information in these information kiosks I have installed multiple-choice questions, the kind one might encounter on a psychological test created by a slightly crazy person. The questions and their answers attempt to provoke moral dilemmas—situations in which no answer is really acceptable. Above these impossible and uncomfortable proposals are images of CCTV cameras, a reminder that our choices (or the impossibility of even making a choice in this case) might be monitored for our own protection. These images will be up during the art festival and many people will rightly guess that they are art of some sort; however I hope that by not identifying them as such, some slight confusion might result.
Much of my inquiry was inspired by my time in Togo as a Peace Corps volunteer in 1968. While there, I saw firsthand traditions in rural villages practiced by Africans and African Americans during slavery and after freedom. As we began our discussions, our talk centered around the topography of these two geographically similar areas. When one looks at aerials (Fig.1) of the Lowcountry juxtaposed against the topography of the coastal region of Guinea, it is apparent that these two coastal regions are geographically similar. We discussed with the Guineans the idea that when enslaved peoples were brought from African they found themselves in a place that at least visually looked like their native Africa.
However, the day got really exciting when we went on a long-awaited date. Nothing out of the ordinary, and NOTHING like our honeymoon but still fun.
I have a copy of Pearl Girls to give away! Leave me a comment here, and I'll choose a random winner on Wednesday. Good luck!
I just got off the phone with a friend of mine, who informed me of some sweeping changes in the taxi industry in Freddy Beach. This friend of mine (who happens to be a city councilor) told me of a secret meeting between the powers that be regarding the taxi industry as a whole. Here are some of the highlights:
For the face, I used PKS Everyday Character Faces. I filled in the eyes with black and white gel pens...then I remembered I had the enamel...so I went back over the whites of the eyes with the enamel. Picture doesn't show the glossy very well.
To create a vintage look I dye new lace to give it an aged appearance as though it has been discovered in Grandma's attic. It is also fun to do this using either tea, coffee or walnut ink crystals.
Maddie is like us: dependant on technology to live. And although her world is much more drastic than ours, you really can't mistake the path we're heading to. She lives, breathes, and even socializes through computer screens.
With that mantra, I suggest you walk yourself down to your local burger joint and order a hamburger with fries. Yes, American style – with beef. Four stacks of it with some bacon on top. Be a Pluralist. Choose to believe in many truths, instead of the one that is omnipresent. Even choose to believe in truths that oppose and contradict each other. One truth does not always negate another. The universe is not dichotomous in this aspect, but is more like Shrek’s onion. For now, I can still see a church from my balcony, and I’m sure the toilet in that church will serve me well in the future when my own is clogged.
“What shall I do now? What shall I do?”
I ended up with a recipe that looked very plain but tasted exceptionally delicious and soothing. It was kind of like an unusual comfort food. My husband liked it so much, he had a heaping bowl of seconds.
and a measured
Third cup of coffee (only a half – I never have more than two) and I pass the halfway mark of the book. The humidity is still low, the breeze coming around the corner from the patio to my spot on the porch is still fresh and cool, the bees humming in the jasmine are a comforting background noise, so much better than the racket of the lotus’, whose buzzing has been like an non-stop chain saw this past week.
Until Later Loverlies!
But James says the exams are a public safety issue. On his campaign website, he cited a 2004 U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics report that connected a 72 percent increase in work/traffic-related fatalities to drivers' inability to read road signs in English.
The three eggs I broke into a bowl measured 142 grams. I didn't want to use another whole egg for eight measly grams, and I decided to call it good enough. Then I remembered that I still had a few of my darling quail eggs. (Don't worry folks; the sell-by date is not until March 2). One petite quail egg put me six grams over, so I scooped out a spoonful. There. 150 grams on the dot.
T: No, that's mommy.
Most Australians are probably unaware that there is a tiny part of this dry continent which receives an average annual rainfall well in excess of 150 inches. The coastal towns of Babinda and Tully bicker and snort at each other every year in their race for statistical rainfall superiority.
With mountain biking being a very popular sport, there are many bikes to choose from. Depending on what type of riding you like, the style of bikes you can choose from will vary. Below, you'll find tips on the different types of bikes available.
Gyorgy Kostritsky / from 100 Days / 62-63
I am certainly no fashion blogger, but I wore this outfit to work the other day and received a bunch of compliments on my top. While that in and of itself it not noteworthy, the the fact that the top was free is! I "bought" it with one of my Nordstrom Notes that was expiring soon. If you also are a fan of Nordstrom Notes, here's a little tip: you can get gift cards with them and those never expire. I always say it's "free money," and Justin rolls his eyes and says "oh yeah, it's real free."
All of the sudden her solitary life is completely disrupted when he brother because the prime suspect in a horrendous murder. Her life is turned upside down as she has to deal with issues from her past, trying to cope in the present and not even thinking about the future.
“About two years later, when I met xxx (Housekeepers husband) he told me one day that the truck he was driving at the time had a Nova radiator. He said he’d been driving along a country road and his truck radiator gave up and he’d seen the stripped Nova sitting there so he’d “borrowed” the radiator.”
I made the cake using a double batch of my favorite Victoria sponge recipe, adding about a cup of pumpkin and a healthy teaspoon of pumpkin pie spice. I baked it in four layers, and filled and frosted it with an adaptation of my standard chocolate frosting recipe. The slight tang of the cream cheese helps to cut through the rich sweetness of the pumpkin, and the combination is pretty sensational. Could be a great Thanksgiving dessert, as well as a perfect autumn birthday cake.
Ginger Syrup
Social media is one of the main ways we are exposed to work on a daily basis. It is how we learn about new projects, share work that we find interesting, and follow other people in the field.
Reginald Mason is not a son of a gentleman but they are rich so they are accepted. Everything though is not going well for Reginald. His father is threatening to take away his lively hood if he doesn’t marry a woman from the upper class. His father wants him married and now he is being pushed into marriage to a woman of high rank who has suffered a scandal.
Rainbow kabobs!!!!!!! Yay- so fun, healthy, colorful. We definitely will make them again- the kids helped with these.
20-something: I’m going to the mall to hang out.
Amber: My going to a new school.
Mediocrity. The M-word seems to fit the mold and destination of this team, as they’re always at the middle of the pact, or an outsider looking inside. But lo and behold, a progress is in the making.
No matter that it takes an act of heroism just to get out of bed,
But, he said, a truly good educational app can be effective like a book, or a teacher. You can’t stick everything that pops up on a kid’s iPad into the “evil” category.
I must say that Kougar and Ariana are not my favorite couple of the series so far. I was more pulled into the side story that is building up for Wulfe. I get a feeling that Palmer is teasing us with hints to his future. And I can't wait to see how his story unwinds.
There I saw this quote in one of the comments about the song: ‘the idea is to remain in a state of constant departure while always arriving’.
Jumping out at Java’s home.
What a beautiful ruffle clutch. The colors are so perfect, too. This will go with so much, too! Dress it up or down. She has a few other versions, too and a link to the tutorial on how to make the basic version.
[5] gumball lamp from Land of Nod. I may not end up buying this exact lamp, but it's the style and color I'm looking for. this will either go on top of the bookshelf or on an end table next to the glider.
First I want to say thanks to everyone who has stuck with me in this hiatus-esque leave of mine. I wasn't gone I just...wasn't feeling the lolita blog. I'm lost when it comes to what you wanna know or read about that hasn't already been done and better and while this blog is about me as well it's also meant to be enjoyable and I'm struggling between 'whine whine baww, do this how I tell you' and 'here's a fun and different approach to try!' Obviously my opinions don't fall on the former side but I feel like I stray that way a lot. So from now on I'll be at least trying to just stick with the tokyo fashion stuff ever two weeks and then seeing how we go from there. Once again thank you so much! I'll be trying to get a better post up tomorrow but for now here's the last Tokyo Tuesday spotlight I wrote up before I left but never posted because I just wasn't sure of the content, please let me know what you think!
Soon I will remember to take photos of my art in process – or Work In Process as they say. Sometimes it can be really interesting as paintings seem to go through such an ugly stage one wonders if they can be saved. Not all of them can!
He had bookcases full of books covering everything from religion, through the occult, right down to psychic phenomena. When she wanted to learn more about herbal healing she went to Howard, who supplied her with half a dozen books on the subject.
My partner in crime,
1 tsp hot water
Hi, Patterson. It’s so nice to meet you! My name is Sarah Cole and I just want to say thank you for the inspiration. Drive-by Truckers is one of the first bands of my generation that actually speaks to me. Your stories and songs are amazing. Please don’t ever stop. Tell Cooley I said “hello!”
Who told him he was sadly mistaken and decided to fight back? This sister.
I left my hometown Cotabato City when I was thirteen to study in Manila. I lived alone for four years and stayed at a dormitory. I suppose I was forced to grow up much faster than a normal young boy. I had to take care of myself, buy my own groceries, budget my own money, plan my schedules, be independent.
We know in our hearts it's the right thing to do. It's a move in the right direction. It's not a guaranteed vacation in the immediate future, but it's an act of repentance and the promise that moving towards an intentional debt-free way of living will enable us to take the time away together that we crave. It's a joint effort of something that we are both sacrificing and doing together in hopes to keep going and growing with one another in kind, wise ways.
○ Meeting Karl in Chinatown – Extended
Do you have an "everything is going to be OK" person in your life. I think we all do at one point or another. That person that you can turn to, that will just tell you "everything is going to be OK". Even if they don't know the situation, they just know that everything will work out like it is supposed to, and in the end "everything will be OK". My mom was that person in my life. No matter what, or where I was, I could just turn to her and she would rub my back or run her finger through my hair and tell me everything was going to be OK. From peers teasing me in school, to life decisions...it all seemed so important, and in some cases I didn't know what to do, in others I did know what to do and was just nervous. But my mom knew how to tell me it would be OK and I would believe it.
On the other side of Candlers Lane to the pub was a very large house occupied by Doctor Maidment. There was great excitement when his daughter married an army officer I believe named Vickers. Mum and I watched from a front bedroom window and saw the happy couple drive off in a large open topped car, the groom in uniform, all very posh.
In addition, the act includes money to settle lawsuits over water rights, giving seven tribes in Arizona, Montana and New Mexico permanent access to secure water supplies year-round, he said.
In recent months, photographs and videos have captured scenes of violence and brutality against peaceful gatherings. These have embarrassed the perpetrators of the violence and those behind them. Only a few days ago, a mob attacked the peaceful Occupy Dataran encampment. Among those targeted were those activists wielding cameras or smart phones, ostensibly in a bid to thwart any attempt to document the violence and identify the perpetrators, leading up to the Bersih rally.
ad majorem Dei gloriam (3x)
A vital blend of profoundly practical skills, advice, instruction, and encouragement makes the Fine Arts a complete course for awakening more fully to your highest potentials in each moment of your life.
Even though I live in Maryland, I need to see if I can get the Mayor of New York City to issue a proclamation in my honor. Anyone know how to get in touch with him? It's official business, I swear.
That's when I knew that this show was for us.
May you enjoy the bountiful blessings of this special Season and experience the presence and the promises of God.
Remove pot from heat and stir in beaten egg. Garnish with chopped coriander and add dash of pepper ,light soy sauce or black vinegar if you prefer.
A nasty storm blew through on Thursday afternoon. Power went out at work and I got to leave early, and I was excited thinking of the head start I would get on dinner/cleaning up. And then I saw the cones and police tape around our block. Oh hell, lighting had struck our neighbor's tree, caught on fire, and then brought down the power lines with it. (Ralph, the pup, was super traumatized from this because it happened right outside his window :( poor guy, we gave him extra treats!)
Got some curtains to revamp for a friend and THEN I can start it on Maddy's wardrobe for Girls State.
33. Luhan positioned as the Lead Vocal and Lead Dancer, and he entered the EXO-subgroup M.
These days, bartering is still alive and well. In my case, one way I save money by bartering is that I review books for a Web site. I don’t get paid for the reviews, but I get to keep the books, which then become gifts for friends and family. To me, that’s a pretty good tradeoff. Books are wonderful gifts and ones you can personally recommend are even better.
Below are the teams gorgeous creations which we hope will inspire you! Please drop by their blogs to see more wonderful creations and find out how they were made! You can find the DT's links in the side bar!
I’ll never let you sweep me off my feet.
Please say a prayer for us tonight. We are really going to need it. I'll post more tomorrow after the appointment.
OG=1.044@67F
Fucking anarchy. What the fuck? Since when is blogging anarchist? Since when is having a voice and a place to use that voice anarchist? How scared do you have to be in order for something like wordpress to be categorized as “anarchy.” What a crock of shit.
Me: "Uh, this is...Elizabeth."*
Hanoi…on my knees….rope trick again. Beaten by a big fool.
Hers are the fingers, long and thin, spindly and knobbed.
- The fastest growing winter footwear brand for the past 4 years
Denial was an obvious one. I thought I could fix this ‘minor’ setback on my own and tried training about 10 days later (again, I am laughing at this ridiculous notion!). And then again a few days after that….and so on. I was convinced that all was fine and a little ice to keep the inflammation down would do the trick. Yet I was still in severe pain and had constant tension in my neck with little mobility.
Erin Merryn created Erin’s Law so that children would be required to have child sexual abuse education in elementary school as a form of prevention. While I am so excited for Erin Merryn and I support her efforts to end child sexual abuse, I do not see a difference between this new law, and the ones that have come before it. You see, Erin Merryn will admit that she did have “Stranger Danger” in her Illinois school system, and I had “Good Touch, Bad Touch.” These are examples of child sexual abuse education.
In Paris at this time, if my meager research is correct, prostitution was legal though not exactly the world’s most respectable profession. But the films of the French New Wave (and ensuing cultural offshoots) seem to have an opinion about prostitution and women who pursue it that’s somewhere between ‘cool’ and ‘symbol of freedom’. And that’s where the confusion sets in. This was the 60s, so we’re dealing with concepts that could be described as proto-Feminist theory, but the films in question both involve women who are trying to take greater agency in their lives. The problem in both is that society does not allow them the freedoms they desire, either for economic (in Vivre sa VieAnna Karina’s character turns to prostitituion to survive after a failed stint at acting) or social reasons (Séverine wants to be the person she constantly fantasizes she should be, even if the world won’t let her).
turns your stomach
We see hope for Guy as he discusses with the padre that the supernatural is the real -- what we consider real is passing and transitory, in fact a mere shadow of this reality.
...the inner blogger says now’s the time to bring this post to a satisfying conclusion...perhaps simultaneously funny and inspiring...the kind people really like, so they leave nice comments and share on Facebook and twitter and all that...but never quite enough to satisfy the other members of the inner committee...
It is enlightening to see how many mistakes you have made - some typos, some bad continuity, some obscurity that need not be so obscure, some toning this way and that, some turnings round of clauses or sentences. The one good thing is that you are now free of the original text except as backstop. You are no longer looking up words and checking references. You've done all that. From now the translated book has to flow as a book. It is the voice you have found for the book being consistent to itself primarily, perhaps exclusively. You are no longer constructing the engine, you're hearing it purr and listening out for mistiming and other odd noises.
tired tonight.
5. Bake for 30 to 35 minutes or until a wooden toothpick inserted near center comes out clean. (For cupcakes, bake for about 15 minutes or until light brown.)
I don’t know what I’m feeling. Sad for sure. Disappointed that he went right back to anger and defensiveness and sarcasm. Resigned to the fact that he can talk a good game, but anytime I ask him to do something that is actually hard for him he will give up. Naïve for thinking that he had actually changed his blaming and intimidating patterns. A little numb and detached from the whole thing.
Even if you add a THIRD set of tubing (which is what the standard SNS kit comes with), your subtotal still only comes to $42.79. (With shipping: $54.79)
V. NATIVE AMERICAN WISDOM
~ Contact your cho­sen bloggers to let them know about the award!
Good morning, loves! And happy Friday! So excited the weekend's here.
The vocalists soak up the ambient nightclub-y vibe of the rhythm section – driven with loving perfection by drummer Teppo Makynen throughout – and several prominent soloists enhance the jazzy groove of the whole thing like tenor saxist Tim Warfield (“Love From The Sun”), trumpeter Till Brönner (gorgeous on “Here,” “Temple of Far East”) and even Conte himself (briefly on “Mystery of You,” “Shiva”).
Team Big Brother flails about helplessly with Rachel setting my teeth on edge by whining that she's sooooorry she's useless, she's just a GIRL. REALLY? Because you're a GIRL? That's a sorry excuse. As if you weren't ticking me off enough before. I've begun to well and truly hate you Rachel. The Clowns show equal ineptitude as they've managed to miss the picture on the side of the box...wow. They also pull the inevitable but dumb "watched pot never boils" joke and turn their backs on their kettle. Cutesy. Also gag.
Mr. Krishen later lodged a complaint at the Chanakyapuri police station, following which police personnel were deployed outside the residence. He said this was the second such attack at their Kautilya Marg residence since June 2010, when some men on motorbikes pelted stones and smashed some windows.
Bob - So what you’re what you’re saying is that you have your Driver, 7-iron, pitching wedge and putter, but once in a while, you might need a lob wedge or a utility club.
so sleep tight home wreckers - and if you have children i feel sorry for them for what you have taken away from them - a beautiful planet - but bc of your greed you made this world the place it is today!
press
In March 2012 the 17-year-old moved to Iowa but the relationship continued.
It’s that time of year again, gentle reader, when it is my duty to let you hear a few gems that did not make it through their national qualifying heats and therefore will not be gracing the stage of the Crystal Hall in Baku, if they build it on time. It’s been a good year, although perhaps not a great one, for the National Finals. I’m going to start of with an absolute classic. Petter Øien and Bobby Bare got into the final four in Norway with their simple country song, Things Change. It stands out not only because of the different genre, but also because it’s a fine old tune. If Bobby Bare had made it to Baku, he would have been 77 years old; that young whippersnapper Engelbert Humperdinck would be in short trousers by comparison.
Instead of looking up the supply chain to pinpoint where the contamination might have occurred, USDA officials shut down Munsell’s business for four months. A few months later, 45 illnesses in 23 states were linked to E. coli contamination at the Greeley plant. By the time ConAgra recalled 19.1 million pounds of beef, more than 80 percent of it had already been consumed by consumers.
Petitioner’s complaint-affidavit spawned two cases: (1) OMB-0-01-0504, a proceeding for the determination of probable cause for the filing of criminal charges against respondents; and (2) OMB-ADM-0327, the instant administrative case.
In a small bowl, lightly whisk the egg with water, then add to flour mixture using a butter knife. Finish with hands, adding more cold water if dough does not come together.
2. Atomic Bitchwax - Astronomy Domine (3:53)
Whether you get this book from the library, from paperbackswap.com (for free, although you may have to wait a while for it), or buy it (I suggest half.com or Amazon to avoid paying full price), you want to check out this book. There is a lot of great information in here and it will probably make you mad. The gist of it is that doctors know that the traditional methods of cancer treatment don't work. But they don't know any other way. The medical schools are funded by pharmaceutical companies, so the doctors are trained from the beginning to prescribe drugs to treat symptoms. They're not taught to find the cause or to treat it naturally. Most doctors are good people, who want to help, but they are coming at it from the wrong direction.
I still have a thriving patch of Perpetual Spinach which I planted seed for last April, the plants are still going strong and giving me lots of tasty leaves.
:: filled with relief that Andrew's IEP review for the 2012-2013 school year went off with out a hitch, though we are still struggling finding the right meds for him
Members of the Socialist Youth were harassing Israeli merchants in Trondheim
A person can't claim to "teach" something by standing idly by and hoping that a "lesson" is absorbed passively. It's the same reason that abstinence-only sex education does not work; by avoiding the topic, children don't receive any factual information. The only way to ensure that our children learn right from wrong is to teach them, and teaching requires frank discussions and conversations.
(a little creative license)
I knew there was a good probability of getting bit if I put my fingers in Skully's mouth, Not intentionally, but bit is bit nevertheless.
Last note about this one: I always use the word “rope” when talking about a tension force, even if that rope is a dinky little string. String sounds too much like spring, and it gets frustrating to keep correcting each other about which word we meant to say. No big deal, but it helps me.
My favorite recipe?
Pray for me =)
Humbugbuttonbeetle@hotmail.co.uk
I worked hard at it.
2. Email Request – On EVERY page of your website, you need to ask customers and potential customers for their email. Emails are a sacred thing and if you don’t ask, you’ll never get it. Plain and simple.
The paper was extremely scientific and fair in its overview, stressing that it did not “claim that this evidence proves a causal relationship between DRD4 and political ideology. However, the association is consistent with a causal theory that we develop about the way genes and environments
This group, armed with sjamboks (plastic whip) among other things, broke windows and threw rubbish bins from the first floor.
Talk about falling off a cliff… my best friend, one of the loves of my life, the sweetest and most caring people I know has a tumor the size of a cantaloupe. However, knowing she is also falling off a cliff I grasp for a ledge and reach out to catch her. At this point her mom was in California on a vacation enjoying herself (which she never gets to do); her boyfriend in Kentucky 3 hours away; and Granpa in Florida 10 hours away. So I know, regardless of how much I want to fall apart… I can’t. She needs me to be strong.
The examination is the final technique and includes the written documentation of everything from medical records through to education norms attained by the individual. I think it would be fair to say that this was the birth of bureaucracy. The person becomes “a describable, analyzable object” (p. 190) who can be compared to others, counted in collective facts, and tracked within a population (p. 190).
2 newly
10. Do you prefer sour or sweet? Definitely sweet. I have a mini blueberry pie waiting for me.
We have always joked that my mother’s home is like Fort Knox, it is so well secured – but even all the security couldn’t have prevented this crime. For this is the nature of crime in South Africa – if the thugs want something, they will get it. In this instance they will sell my mother’s jewelry for a fraction of it’s true value and buy Crystal Meth - methamphetamine, or, as it is called here, Tik. They will get high and hyped and then they will attack someone else, and again, the proceeds of the robbery will be used to buy yet more Tik. Drug abuse is one of the most common causes of crime in this city and in South Africa per se - and there seems to be no end in sight - particularly when government seems intent upon not acting.
Hey Hey Hey (We’re All Gonna Die)
There was no "graduation certificate" or "ceremony",
It's a little after 10 on this chilly, sunny spring morning. It's my day off, a day I usually look forward to with great relish: what to do? Clean the house (we just had a week off for spring break, and the house is TRASHED)...go to the gym (ha), walk the dog, write a blog post...
Star Rating: **** (4 stars)
New Belgium Brewing Inc. Mighty Arrow Pale Ale
Falling in love is easy... it's the staying in love part that's infinitely more difficult...
O verdant meads
“Are they moving?” Wei asked.
What I experienced was God revealing the truth behind words that I had written to someone else who then had the grace, compassion, discernment, and love to tell me exactly what God wanted her to. Obedience in its finest example. There have been plenty of times when I have felt God’s love and care, but last night was the first time I had ever experienced that sort of love and compassion in a long time.
For I already had a career. I taught, and still teach, social studies at a junior high school, and during the summers, my husband and I have been building a modest cabin in the Rocky Mountains of Colorado. A full life. A happy life. A life with some bloody down time!
I wake often unable to tell the difference from real life and the dreams I must have had.
There is a very bizarre interrogation scene that must have inspired Quentin Tarantino as much as anything else he ever saw, that I would be remiss in leaving out of this discussion. Jimmy, Mister, and Jagger want information from a prisoner, and the best way Jagger knows how is through the help of some business acquaintainces of his who specialize in information extraction.
That they live in you, os under you, O wheels!---
Quick discussion with Sorin, who gets as aggravated as I am, and we decide to cancel renting from this guy. I decide to stop payment on the check. And I send an e-mail to this guy explaining how upset and disappointed we were, as we had an agreement to rent with him, and he was obviously trying to get out of it, so consider the deal off.
Pebbles 3-d Floral Lane floral stickers
...and I've even got a brand new hat! so it's a very exciting episode all round!
The above command means copy the file science.txt to the current directory, keeping the name the same.
This year, like many years, we saw the Bills struggle to rush the passer. Opposing quarterbacks had all day to throw in the pocket, which led to a lot of the Bills secondary getting exposed. It has been years since the Bills have had a strong pass rush. A guy like Shawne Merriman showed promise during the preseason, but then showed he still cannot kick being injury-prone.
(Note that videotaping and photographs are similarly banned at the one regular event where Atlantic Yards issues are discussed, the Atlantic Yards District Service Cabinet interagency meeting. The stated explanation is to "prevent disruptions." More likely, it's to limit transparency. It's a distinct contrast to the made-for-TV Nets branding events.)
I think the message was heard. Someone suggested meetup.com. I started hunting and found a cool group that did multilingual storytimes. Looking for when they were having another event, I discovered the last time any activity happened in this group was in 2010. SERIOUSLY?!
Want to get the book?
Luckily, I wised up and got to the important stuff, like eating breakfast and listening to the radio tell me it’s going to be 85 degrees today.
I waited for almost a week, then opened the house and took out the abandoned nest and washed the house. The very next day... yesterday... I came downstairs to the pecking sound of bluebirds pecking on the window and much agitation. Male and female, flying back and forth from the house to the feeder to the windowsill. I don't think these are the same bluebirds that just vacated the premises with their baby as they are supposed to stay with him in the woods for at least a few weeks. Hopefully, it is a new pair.. more mature (although this head butting against the window behavior does not indicate any maturity to the female who continually chatters at him while he is doing it) and perhaps they will build another nest and raise another family. I hope so. I still have mealworms left.
When I am challenged as I am right now, I know I am trying way too hard. Trying in vain to make something, anything, happen. Forced introspection and lukewarm inspiration only heightens my anxiety and leaves me feeling…stuck.
So how is this possible? I followed the link within the link and ended up on the homepage of Americans for Truth About Homosexuality, the nasty group run by Peter LaBarbera who has made more than one appearance on this blog. Although I would have expected Peter and the Mat(t)s to wear “homophobe” as a badge of honor, it made some sense that this bizarre headline could be found in the truth-free zone of AFTAH.
The pants are 1940s or 1950s wool gabardine, and yes, you guessed it, mens'. Six dollars on eBay, I might add; I guess because they'd be freakishly small for most fellas.
In Reality the world is overpopulated and in most places the primary trait for reproductive success is the ability to organize violence, or some sublimation of it, and a determination to produce as many children as possible. Our cities are being colonized by people with grudges against us for humiliating their ancestors with the Empire and a perverse version of the slavery. There are no spontaneous colonies of nice liberal progressives springing up in Nairobi and Beijing. In the future, the advantages are likely to diminish, as six billion people compete for the resources of a planet that can support one billion and we wring our hands while other ethnic groups reach for their guns and come here to plunder us. All kept quiet by the Western media.
CF awareness has come so far, yet some people who have heard of it only know of it because they heard of someone who it has killed. While this is a sad, unfortunate, and harsh reality of CF, it isn't everyone's reality who are still living and breathing and coughing today. CF awareness needs to be spread as something that is plaguing the living. That's why I write this blog. If I can educate just one person on the nature of my illness, on the ways in which it affects my day to day life, it makes it a lot easier for people to understand what it is people with CF might go through. The CF Foundation describes CF symptoms as having a "persistent cough" but its one thing to read about it, and another thing to see how that persistent cough is interpreted by the world, what that cough means to the persistent cougher.
I'm not going to lie, I actually got a little teary. Part of it was remembering how much joy I found in reading those books. But most of it was imagining the worlds my nephew has yet to uncover. All of these books! All of these mysteries he has yet to solve, the characters he's yet to meet.
This is a little bit more of a secular reason I think. Many people just do not like all of the crowds and the non-stop Christmas music. I have to agree here, it gets really annoying. But let’s turn off our radios and insert our non-christmas music CDs/mp3s and not be grinches and ruin the season for everyone esle, shall we?
I used a number 8 bright brush and had fun. The best part is that I overcame my tendency to be very tight and detailed and blend-y.
Modern syncretism takes many overt and covert forms, and encompasses–in my view–a wide variety of phenomena. Theories of difference and cultural diffusion (like those involved in Indo-European studies and which are its ultimate basis), migratory peoples, and tracing influences along trade routes, all have their roles to play in understanding how these various deities have developed historically. These are all matters which are known to and which are drawn upon by modern pagans and polytheists through the academic studies of these subjects. However, these studies do not account for the process theological mechanisms mentioned above, which would suggest that various deities like Zeus and Jupiter are not “ultimately one” and derive from a common source, so much as “separate developments” (whether from a common source or not) and separate individuals who may nonetheless have many family characteristics in common the way that siblings or even cousins can. The intersections and divergences in practical theology and devotion and the theories of scholars are matters that have been discussed in various places recently (including this very blog!), and the differences between these two areas should be kept in mind and respected. Just because a prevailing scholarly theory suggests that a particular deity “is” this or that or “comes from” here or there or “means” one thing or another does not necessarily mean this will have cultic relevance for a practitioner today; and likewise, just because a modern person’s understanding and perception of a deity indicates particular factors does not mean that such factors can–or even should be–proven academically, or should be the basis for confirmatory research. (The idea that “older = better = more authentic and therefore MORE RIGHT!” is a meme as common to paganism as to traditional academia; and whether this amounts to “my tradition has been handed down in secret for millennia” or “my devotion to this deity goes all the way back to when I was three years old,” the usual justification for these assertions is a degree of “rightness” over and above the questioning of others.) If we understand that syncretism and process theology have been operating on a level concurrent with whatever historical realities are observed and which can be reliably theorized upon, we will generally not be disappointed in our results.
Ice cream and staying up late. My dad behind the grill on Fridays. Hamburgers were (and still are) his specialty. Fresh Iowa sweetcorn, eaten directly off the cob, except for those three miserable years when I had braces and it was a no-no. The summers before we were old enough to drive or have jobs, we'd ride around our small town on our bikes, collecting discarded soda cans. We couldn't have cared less about saving our environment from litter; our primary goal was to cash them in for their deposit (five cents a can in Iowa!) and use the money to buy Doritos, Mountain Dew, and Little Debbies. We were self-sufficient in our junk food addictions, though every once in a while we could sweet talk our parents into a couple dollars to head to the gas station to buy a soda.
Here’s something that is becoming a classic scenario on Facebook – someone, usually a spiritual mentor type person, posts something inspirational about how much God loves us all. That’s cool. I like inspirational things. Then, and this happens almost every time, someone comments on it saying that they so needed to hear that today and that they’ve been struggling with God’s love (or compassion, or mercy, etc.).
Sam Buttery
Another quick blog post today...lots to do!! I'll be back tonight to come visiting and leave some love. xo
-Repeat the next batch with remaining oil.Drain on a paper towel and serve hot!
I know writers are a pretty driven, self-critical bunch, but I don't think that should preclude us from feeling good about ourselves. So no matter what happens with this manuscript, I'm going to be proud of it. Because even if it isn't The One, I've learned so much from writing it!
Hey Crafty Bloggers,
Still Life Series, based on the sense of place, and that place is New Mexico. When we talk about place, It is a combination of characteristics that makes a place special and unique. Sense of place involves the human experience in a landscape, the local knowledge and folklore. Sense of place also grows from identifying oneself in relation to a particular piece of land on the surface of planet earth.
What did you all do this weekend?
Grand Teton Brewing Co. Sheep Eater Scotch Ale
Erica Smolders – Last spring I found a 1950’s Smith Corona typewriter while helping a friend clean out their garage. A few months later, I opened Rook & Rose and really liked the idea of using it at the shop to hand-type card messages and little love letters.
Check it out. That is my hotel room fridge. We have all the basics: water, wine, leftovers, and a Peanut Butter Rice Krispie Treat. What could I possibly blog about from that fridge, you ask? Honestly, nothing. Or, at least nothing that I would want to eat when combined and heated in the little in-room microwave.
Zuzana
One jalepeno pepper, finely diced
E. O. Milton — Professor Emeritus, Department of Mathematics
God uses dreams which normally need to be deciphered or interpreted unless an angel is speaking directly to us. We need to make a note of such dreams and ask for the interpretation. Such interpretation must not counter biblical principles or precepts. God will not contradict Himself. (Gen37 )
The Gorbals, true to form, brought probably the most unusual protein of the show - Grilled Chicken Gizzards with Romesco Sauce and saffron. If there had been a bone for this to fall off of, it would have fallen off the bone - it was that unexpectedly tender.
Planning permission for The Grove in Church Road took years before finally getting approval 12 months ago, following the rejection of a previous application and a successful appeal by developer Eltham Renaissance......" Read the rest of the article here.
And here to inspire you are the TEAM S.A.S. cards using images from our sponsors. As always, just click on their names to go to their blogs for more details on the cards plus other fantastic cards and ideas.
Let’s end off with Brodie, co-founder of Envoy looking casually smart in his corner at the SLS Showroom & Press Office.
England’s Secretary for Education is investigating whether or not the organization which runs the country’s state-funded Catholic schools was in violation of the law when it solicited signatures from students on a petition against a proposed marriage equality bill.
In this instance, your comfort zone isn’t actually the healthiest place to be. So if you are are aware of your pattern, you can work to change where you feel safe.
in the blacksmith’s forge, a glimpse of moon
in her 98 years to discover
To a large degree, this widely held view is essentially correct. It really has to be correct based on the number of times these tweaks of recipe are found to have occurred, which strongly implies that the breweries have discovered and acknowledged certain transfer problems, and established various methods of countering them.
The birth of Freckle has been on my mind in most recent days. I was able to attend the blessingway and having some purple threads tied around my wrist helps me think of it.
“She saw me coming up and she started screaming … she says, ‘Help he’s trying to kill me,’” Hataway said. “I said, ‘I’m not trying to kill you.’”
'Hourly rate between £AAAph and £DDDph, shift workers required' - the low wage is for the day rates, the top rates for weekend nights. Guess which vacancies are left?
I could open up a craft store with the supplies and leftovers I have stashed in every space possible, but I am too greedy to give it up, I am!
From The Rivendale Review. I find the story inspiring and illuminating, but how many of us, do you think, are like that? Delusional, or aware?
Do, do, do, you wanna stay?
Make highly effective qualified prospects for multilevel marketing with the info suggestions. While it might seem to get irritating sometimes, simply by adhering to our easy suggestions, you will end up greater equipped to handle marketing and advertising duties and produce a more productive campaign. This fast guideline will teach you some crucial sides to check out.Go to to discover alot more dental hygienist training.
Following on from yesterday’s post on searching for a lost voice, and still feeling a need for greater clarity in my thinking, I reached for a book from my bookshelf that always gives me sustenance and hope.
Tamara
5) The awful American to English voice dubbing on ‘Team Umizoomi’
Our society and my Congregation, need to take back the full use of the word ‘No’. We need to reintegrate ‘No’ into our vocabulary, into our thoughts – as ‘okay’. ’No’ is a strength. ’No’ is a way of properly upholding our agreed upon boundaries. When respectfully used, ’No’ isn’t diminishing us, it strengthens us.
I spoke to my oncologist who agreed with my doctor.
We made it out to Two Rows to watch local boys Univ of Houston play in East Carolina. Things were up and down all game but the Coogs couldn't put it together in the end with the last drive. Very sad. But at least I got to try the Two Rows Winter Seasonal.
Mardi Gras is famous for its parades, there's always several going on somewhere in the city. For instance today, February 19, there are three. Tomorrow there are five. Parades are full of huge, colorful floats, the most incredible, complex, outrageous floats you can imagine. Each float (and sometimes the whole parade) is sponsored by a krewe. Krewe can loosely translate into "club", and several have been around since the 1800's.
Remember that he has put only £1 of his own money into the club (at least I presume it was his own money). And, despite the inconvenience it seems to cause the media, he still owns 85% of the club through his complex web of companies. There has been talk of him somehow being forced to give up his shares, but that simply couldn’t happen without a long and complex legal process that no one has the time or money to pursue. And he certainly isn’t going to give them away for nothing, as one Scottish “journalist” suggested yesterday before hastily backtracking.
Ah the local ish. Copper color with a fizzy head. It's got a malty and bubble gum like smell. A touch of cinnamon. It has a malty taste with a velvety finish. Med-light body with low carbonation. Remind me of a dopplebock. Very good stuff. 3 Stars
And then I rewatch the vids to ensure that everything is ok.. pacing, spelling, grammar, punctuation…… I think I can practically memorize the clips alweadi, haha
500ml water
Again, to make this simple mirror cleaner combine all the ingredients in a spray bottle and shake it up!
So what else am I doing? Well, a friend of mine has convinced me to give SW:TOR a try again, and I have found myself messing around on Everquest 2 again, despite the fact I never get passed level 30 before cancelling my sub.
I suppose I should be happy as three seasons ago, it was against Plymouth that Palace conceded 2 goals inside the first 5 – and in a match that I had paid considerable money to see, paying for several friends to join me at Home Park in the beautiful (LIE!) city of Plymouth – a city so ugly that the Luftwaffe tried to annihilate it once, (they’ve even got me talking about the war, Stan Boardman lives on through my blog) and it grew back – like a tumor. We lost three -nil.
So, for my birthday, The Gentleman Friend gave me a fryer. So awesome. The first thing we made with it was some fried ravioli.
Those from amongst you terrorise the innocence of our society on a daily basis and then your Moslem leaders from within your Islamic Kingdom come out lying to the British people about your so-called peaceful religion Islam and it intentions in our land. You then hide behind our treasonous ‘Dhimmi’ politicians and appeasing leaders who create laws to protect you, even after those from amongst your Kingdom have murdered innocent British citizens from our families, our friends and our neighbours. There are 10s of millions of us living here upon this Island, do you really think that the politicians are going to be able to protect you once the legal political dam that has been built up to protect you and your Kingdom eventually bursts because of another Islamic inspired horrendous attack against our country and innocent British people? The built up anger and wrath of the British people will be unleashed against you and your communities because of what those from amongst your military wing have inflicted upon our innocent communities and a flood of British patriotic anger that nobody will be able to quench other than God Himself will drown you and your Islamic Kingdom.
But I do not fit a profile. I mean, I’m female and I have a camera that looks impressive to the uninitiated eye—nothing subversive about that. I must be documenting something. I’m not wearing a hoodie or jumping into the shadows when a cop car rolls by, so I must be either naive (yes) or harmless (double yes). So I’m safe. (I guess I do fit a profile.) The hardest admonishment I received from one of the cops was issued through his rolled-down window, “Be careful.”
I think that her subjects have implicitly consented to their intimate moments being photographed. The relationship they have with the photographer, and their familiarity with her in that role has
UPDATE: 1/25/12 - Progress on the guide has been held indefinitely. If you have questions on anything the guide doesn't cover, I might be able to answer you should I remember, so feel free to leave comments.
My priorities are being re-alinged this week. You will see me blogging at least twice a week now. I will work hard, reading extra until I am caught up on my Bible reading. As soon as I get over this repiratory virus I'm fighting, I will drag my out-of-shape behind back to the gym and start working out again. I will sit down every Sunday afternoon and plan my week - I will make things happen instead of letting things happen as they may. I will make a fresh start and get things moving in the right direction again and fulfill my "one word" goal for this year - FINISH.
--Super Earthling…roger wilco, over and out
Scenario 1 – Watered Down Debt Deal Passed – Very Dollar Bullish Scenario 2 – Temporary Increase to Debt Ceiling – Mildly Dollar Bullish Scenario 3 – Throw Up their Hands and Let the U.S. Default – Very Dollar Bearish
Slice the log into thin slices and place the cookies onto a baking sheet sprayed with cooking spray.
But first it started with a searing line of fireworks shooting up across the front of the stage (see image above). There were inflated floor-to-ceiling puppets with terrifyingly grimaced faces and fiery eyes, arms and legs clawing at us. There was the overprotective mother, looming over the stage, arms crossed over an ample bosom. On the wall were the words ‘Big Brother’s Watching You’ with the ‘Br’ crossed out and replaced by an ‘M’ to read ‘mother’.
The worst thing you can do is keep the revoke on your regular computer (like a laptop you travel with), and then lose that machine. If you have no copies of your private key… and no copies of your revoke… you have no real way of alerting people and protecting your communications immediately (assuming you’re using a key server).
“Not everyone who says to me, ‘Lord, Lord,’ will enter the kingdom of heaven, but the one who does the will of my Father who is in heaven. On that day many will say to me, ‘Lord, Lord, did we not prophesy in your name, and cast out demons in your name, and do many mighty works in your name?’ And then will I declare to them, ‘I never knew you; depart from me, you workers of lawlessness.’” (Matthew 7:21-23 ESV)
I have naturally light blue eyes, so finding circle lenses that don't look toooo crazy is always kinda a challenge. I hope this blog will help girls with light eyes who want circle lenses! I have a couple other lenses that I can put reviews about up.
A Midsummer Night’s Dream
We had an interesting Bible discussion at church tonight with the focus on Galatians chapter 2. During the reading I had a picture of events and an application to today which I wanted to share. The context is the foundation of Christianity in a region and by people raised Jewish with those traditions and culture. With that context, one simply realizes that Jesus was a Jew and those of that persuasion had an interest in keeping their traditions alive.
Report by John Scott Tait, C.A., Edinburgh, and Robert Alexander Murray, C. A., Glasgow, with reference to the affairs of Pattisons, Limited, as at 6th December 1898, to be submitted to a meeting of creditors to be held in Dowell's Rooms, 18 George Street, Edinburgh, on Friday, 6th January 1899, at half-past two o'clock afternoon:
autograph landfills
If ever there was a man deserving of the Nobel Peace Prize then Tsvangirai is it. Deserving because of what he has achieved rather than what he might bring about as is the case with Obama.
3. I will be with my husband tonight!!!!!!!
With innard shifting comes lots of weird cramps and jolts. Some are miserable, most are tolerable. I find myself having a hard time standing up quickly or getting out of bed quickly – there’s lots of pulling and stretching going on in the inside when I make quick movements. It’s kind of unsettling.
If you don’t feel like you want to be that guy, you can just leave your friends. Stop calling them, stop answering their calls, that kind of thing. Just move on with your life. You have to stop going to the places they usually frequent and avoid them at all costs. You don’t want them seeing you and calling out, “hey, poopy Jim!” you know? That could be really embarrassing.
Hmmmm. What could this assailant look like? Hmmmm.
Each day (before 4pm) we would explore the town or the area. Touristy? Yes. But there’s a reason for that.
and sorted. Stylish and
And how I longed to jump aboard,
Never counting regrets
June 24
Paul Klee, one of the greatest artists of the 20th century, is a wonderful example of a man who seemed to place no restrictions on his own creativity. The breadth of his visual work is simply astonishing; some paintings are so complex and unusual they seem as if they’ve originated from an entirely other plane of existence. Others are extremely simple; basic grid patterns or washes of colour.
Awesome necklace, right? As proof of it old assness... the string broke after one day of wearing it. I might go find a different band to tie the pendant on. What's your favorite Spice Girl song or even better, who's your favorite girl band?
And Shawn being Shawn just laughed as they were punching him.
It almost doesn't matter that the scene in question features a zombie woman using her zombie baby (still attached to her via umbilical cord) as a projectile weapon. The man is clearly entertained.
It is about 25 kms away from Hampi. Here we can see many monuments of Vijayanagara empire.
In other words, the argument can be made that Tolkien's starting position for both Middle Earth and his take on fantasy was closely in line with what modern fantasy writers are doing today. That he, like them, imagined a fantasy world in which people sought money and power, and thought only of their own petty concerns. The difference between Tolkien and modern fantasists is that he didn't like what he saw, and set out to change it. The Hobbit is quite decidedly set against greed and the desire for wealth, not only through the character of Smaug, but through Thorin and his reaction to regaining his grandfather's treasure. When Bilbo and the dwarfs are set loose in Smaug's hoard, the effect that the gold and jewels have on them is explicitly likened to a magic spell, a lingering effect of the dragon's presence, and Tolkien uses the same terms to describe this spell that he will later use to describe the lure of the ring. Bilbo's theft of the Arkenstone is described almost as a compulsion, and recalls Pippin's obsession with, and theft of, the palantir. Characters who value gold above all things come to a sticky end--Smaug, Thorin (who forgives Bilbo only when he knows that he is dying, and can't take the treasure that Bilbo stole from him to the afterworld), and even the master of Lake Town, who steals the money meant for the town's reconstruction, then dies alone in the wilderness. Bilbo, meanwhile, learns to relinquish wealth--he gives up the Arkenstone, and his fourteenth share in the treasure, in the hopes of making peace between Thorin and the besiegers, and when he returns home takes only a small reward from the dwarfs, and even leaves unmolested the treasure that he and the dwarfs took from the trolls on their way out.
Today we’ll be listening to the two songs about god stuff I’ll not only willingly listen to, but would actually seek out.
4) Last summer when Eddie was working a million hours, his only day off was Sunday. We got in the habit of "Sunday Fun Day" where we'd do some sort of family activity - almost always the spray park. He's only off every other Sunday these days but we've decided to reinstate Sunday Fun Day now that the weather is so nice. This past weekend, we took KFC to the park for a picnic dinner and them some playground playing. It was the perfect end to a reallysupergreatandawesome weekend.
Neutrality
I gave my office another theme, "Strong Women who God's used in my life to INSPIRE me".
OPI Steady as She Rose
From which -
I am now part of a group that I never subscribed membership to. I am now a parent who has buried their child. I don't want to be part of this group, I don't want to be one of those parents... but, I am. I will have to live the rest of my life knowing the pain and torment to have to say good bye before I even got a chance to say hello. The tears are running dry and I have to figure out what is next for me and my family. Life has seemed to slow into this holding pattern, where everyday is like the day before. Unable to care for my son, unable to get back to my 'normal' routine, I am left to heal physically and emotionally with very little distraction from the fact that my daughter is gone and I can't do anything to change it.
The fabric was a little worn around the edges and I didn't like the fabric. At All. But it seemed like it was in good shape and so I picked it up.
Fact; I have a little sister and a big brother.
Professor Moore hesitated, to allow the full significance of his statement to sink into the more or less intelligent group of students in his advanced science problems class.
Writing: Writing As Drama (modified and taught by Kyle - unfortunately, no longer available on the market)
Joey: That's not what I said. Okay, I just meant...
Because there were so many rabbits the last few years, the fox have now discovered where to get a good meal, so I think it best that Dolly stay inside.
before an Easter Sunday, after all.
"True" or stringent nullification "occurs when the jury recognizes that a defendant's act is proscribed by the law but acquits because it does not believe the act should be proscribed. The behavior, in other words, is not criminal in the eyes of the jury."
"The royal family is not willing to undertake its political responsibilities unless the prince ... has the necessary tools at his disposal," Alois said in a speech to parliament on March 1.
The media covering the press conference was given a blank stare by Lacierda when he was asked what the relation of the lyrics “parsley, sage, rosemary and thyme” to the ongoing dispute between the two countries. “I cannot say. It’s of national security concern,” was all the Presidential spokesman can answer.
Sebastian Vettel’s Return To Form
Although the path laid out by the ECJ clearly diverges from the transatlantic doctrine of ‘work made for hire’ (see T. Kreutzer, Das Modell des deutschen Urheberrechts und Regelungsalternativen, Nomos 2008), it contributes to the development of a flexible system which, despite differences in national legislation, appears ready to face the economic, social, and technological challenges of our time (see the Green Paper on the online distribution of audiovisual works in the European Union: opportunities and challenges towards a digital single market of 13 July 2011, COM (2011) 427 Final).
Today I was interviewed for an article about Colu.mbus couples who are using Facebook to help them find a birth mom. I hope she could use some of what I said...what an incredible networking tool that would be! For those of you curious, here is our Facebook Page. Feel free to share with family and friends!!
Bake in 350 degree oven for 25 minutes or until cheese is melted and meatballs are heated through. (This may take a little longer if you use frozen meatballs)
Word Count: 449
STRANGE AND THIRSTY LUST FOR PASTRY
Hey again & today (or should I say tonight - its actually 5 in the morning & I'm up posting cause I can't sleep!) Anyhow - I've another Magnolia Christmas card here using one of the older Tilda images, but still a really great image...
Silent Night
What Does Breastfeeding Have To Do with a Child's Behavior?
Well, 'begin' is a strong word . . . Teaching is always an adventure, and this summer's planned excursion will hardly be my first trip abroad, but this is my first foray into blogging and contributing in some way to the cyber-verse, so in that respect, a beginning it is.
It seems this person was following my friend around all day by using Foursquare to track him down. This person was always one step behind my friend and had driven to each spot my friend checked-in at in hopes of tracking him down and asking him this million dollar question. Super Creepy!
‘We forbade the Jews good things which were formerly allowed them; because time after time they have debarred other from the path of Allah; because they practise usury – although they were forbidden it – and cheat others of their possessions.’ (4:158)
Have a great day, I've had the flu which is why I'm off the blogging radar at the moment.
Forgive me y'all, but I'm a little shaken right now.
Every year in the months of February and march the place is a symphony of colors. It’s a magical sight at any time of the day. Flower beds set strategically amidst lush green park and walking trails, it is one of the favorite places for morning walkers.
Alethea is adept as giving us a feel for this fairy tale world. I felt like I could have been reading any one of the classics. Her tone is whimsical like the classics, yet they also contain the feeling and emotion found in more modern tales.
I can't wait for all the fun Bella and I are going to have together.
At least 36 people were killed in Tuscaloosa, with more than 600 injured, local media reported.
L. Live: What does this mean? Where I live? In Chicago! At the top of three flights of stairs that kill my will to live in the city.
and the women all were beautiful
I sat up and felt amazingly refreshed. And i couldnt help smiling as i remembered my dream i had had. What a wonderful dream!!
Now, if you’ll excuse me, I’ve got some grocery shopping to do.
To be holding Bobby's body next to mine.
We paid a visit to the Berlin Inn the other night, to grab an early dinner and a sturdy mug of chest hair-inducing, dark German beer (a bock is my favorite way to drink bread). We were truly raring for it, but then decided to go ahead and stop into Edelweiss for some things while we were in the neighborhood. I've been having exigent (nigh monthly) cravings for the odd meat product (I literally stared at the olive loaf for ten minutes before talking myself out of it). My Grandma Laverne used to serve me olive loaf or Braunschweiger and mayo (or sometimes the Fleishman's/Hellman's sandwich spread) on white bread when I was a small child, and I still get the congenital jones for this stuff.
“No, really—”
You could practice this by asking, “What are some of the things that are continually broadcasted/displayed over and over again but in different forms?” This does not have to be just with the news, even magazines, anything on T.V, books, music, music videos etc. That way you can see a pattern in the types of messages amongst other things being portrayed. Coming up with your own conclusion then will be the wisest approach.
ACCESSORIES:Cuttlebug, CB Houndstooth embossing folder, Dimensional tape, Chili mini sprinkles (AnnaBelle Stamps)
It’s this self entitlment which leads us to demand everything. If a game is released with more content on one platform than the other, people demand that content. Lock anything away from us and we demand access. Tell us we can’t have the original voice overs from an international release. You can’t tell us no! Content being hidden within special editions? This won’t do. WE WANT EVERYTHING!
Time: 7:30 p.m. – 9:30 p.m.
Butterfly punch
Abbigayle- (age-almost 15) “My mom trades me out products for the time that I work for her. I really enjoy everything she carries, so I honestly can’t choose but, one of my favorites would be all the unique rings she has.”
She put six kids through school, facing the myriad tough times and many great times, and she was always there for us. She is much like my sister is, in that she would also do for you, not because you expected, but because she knew that you needed it. All of the Hickman kids, grandkids, and great grandkids possess this trait.
And inside our hearts: Oseh shalom bimromav, Hu ya’aseh shalom aleinu.
The event that drawns them here like hungry yeast to fermentable sugars is a 'Meet the Brewer' night with the ale alchemists from The Kernel Brewery who have the rather consistent knack of turning water, malt, hops and yeast into liquid gold.
You have a Holiday coming up most recognize as “CHRISTMAS”. Most associate this time as a time for Giving/Gifting to another….Donating to a cause or place or being that is in need. WHY must you wait for a “SET” or specific date for this. Chelas EVERDAY should be thought of as CHRISTmas.
Oh also, I got this sexy new t-shirt from Uniqlo
the other a thought.
I hate tagging people, because I'm always nervous that they'll think I'm dumb for tagging them, but I'll do it anyway. I will tag:
I'm off out this afternoon, so I've used this morning to get caught up in the kitchen. I have a small shoulder of lamb in the oven, with carrots, onions and parsnips, we'll eat that with minted gravy and spring greens. What's left after we've eaten our early lunch will be turned into something else. Nothing, but nothing, gets thrown away. Whilst I was in the kitchen anyway, I had some food that needed using up. I bought a big pack of reduced chicken breasts yesterday and made two chicken and Chorizo pies. Today I made Chicken Kievs (How 70's is that? It must be the effect of my retro apron...........now I'm really feeling like Margot Leadbetter!!!)
And so, later that night...
The word “yes” was no longer in my vocab as it was replaced with words like “perhaps”, “I’ll have to see”, “ummm... I think I have something already that night” and my very favourite and over used phrase “I am pretty tired and sore, maybe next time.” My pencil notations in my calendar were often marked with question marks, like “hang out with Charmaine?”, “go to Cathy and David’s for the weekend?”, “Melrose night with Deanna?” I could no longer commit and what is worse is that I didn’t really want too. I played everything by ear, used my parents divorce as an avoidance, missed dinners and parties, clubs and outing. I had in fact excused myself from life. I had in actuality stepped out of my life.
" We have found that detection of XMRV required rather specific conditions. For instance, at least 600 ng of prostate tissue DNA was necessary for reliable detection with our PCR assay.
-Homeowners with cabinetry that is in good shape and has a style that is simple enough to transform with paint
This is when people made of the devil's penile discharge, thousand-year old corpses, lizard sick and Hitler's piss put ads on your phone without asking you.
The movie was filmed on location on the Milwaukee Road’s Rocky Mountain division in 1930. This line was part of the Milwaukee’s Pacific Extension that extended the railroad from its Main core in Illinois, Wisconsin and Iowa out to the Pacific Ocean. It was also the first Transcontinental route to be abandoned. When the Milwaukee Road filed for bankruptcy for the final time in the late 1970′s, The court appointed trustee decided to eliminate as many miles as possible from the railroad in order to save cost’s. In 1979, the entire route west of Terry, Montana was abandoned. It is Ironic that this line was abandoned, because it was the best engineered route through the west. At 1,100 mile, this was the largest abandonment of a railroad in history, until the next year, when the Chicago, Rock Island and Pacific (Rock Island Railroad) completely abandoned its railroad (7,000+ miles). The Milwaukee did not last much longer, and in 1986, the railroad was bought and merged into the Soo Line Railroad.
First, I'll let you know that my goal was to build muscle and get lean, with Jamie Eason as one of my inspirational goals. I like her shape, although she is a fitness model who is way leaner and more muscular than I'd like to be. She is about my height though, 5'2 (I'm a shorty at 5'1).
Our jackets look similar in the picture but Mary has leather quilting on the shoulders and back and I have my hood. We still need to get them taken in about 3 or 4 inches (in the picture they have a clothespin holding the extra material) but otherwise, they’re perfect. I may or may not sleep with it at night and there is a large possibility that I have given her a name as well.
We spend all of our waking hours looking at objects with our eyes. Some of us unfortunate to have corrective lenses attached to our face recognize problems with focusing on objects at a certain distance where the perfect sight students never has a second thought about focus.
A curious list
My expensive Dutch-American lawyer says so.
It must have been tough.
Monophysitism: the view that there is only one nature in Christ (divine) not two (divine and human). (Gk. monos one and physis nature) Condemned at Chalcedon in 451.
So as we all know, the aim of Forest of Doom is to find the two pieces of a sacred dwarf hammer. In the introduction, your character, camping out in the great outdoors, is awoken when a dwarf with the ironic name 'Bigleg' is shot with a pair of crossbow bolts. Instead of freaking the fuck out and getting the fuck out of there, you apparently get the guy a blanket and a drink and sit him down, listen to his final words - find the hammer, etc - as he breathes his last breath, then rob him of 30 gold pieces.
Crowded street corners,
The first woman in the movie to capture McElwee's attention and seriously distract him from his doldrums and his documentary is an aspiring actress named Pat he meets at the North Carolina festivities who invites him to film her doing her cellulite crunches, even though McElwee admits he doesn't know what cellulite is. She projects a sunny optimism and openness that keeps McElwee up the first night after he's met her, wondering how he should have responded when she told him she doesn't wear underwear. "I mean, it's not like saying you're not wearing any socks," he tells the viewer. When Ross does sleep, he confesses that he's having dreams of thermonuclear war again, dreams that date to his childhood when he was a witness to a far-off test of an atomic bomb. When he sees Pat again, she shares with him her idea for a bizarre screenplay that I won't even attempt to summarize. You have to hear it to believe it, but when McElwee tells her that he's worried he'll run out of film if she doesn't sum it up, he isn't joking. Though he's interested in Pat, she does have a boyfriend, albeit one who is out of the picture since he's in a mental institution at the moment. Though he has been abusive her in the past, Pat's convinced that he will find the path to inner peace and they'll reunite some day. At the moment, she's concentrating on acting, specifically getting a part in a Burt Reynolds film since she's heard he's filming in the area. (Reynolds almost gets mentioned in Sherman's March more than General Sherman.) McElwee knows he has a Civil War documentary to make, but instead he hops in the car with Pat and her friend to head to Atlanta because he just can't stop filming her.
Where you took this table along with your friends in a restaurant,
Closed defenseless night
EDIT: I am sorry to hear these pictures are upsetting to some, I certainly did not attend it that way! My whole project was a dedication to the Native American culture as it is something I find fascinating, it was a leading part of the inspiration behind my collection.
Seriously, if we throw other healthcare professionals (nurses, pharmacists, the person that operates them fancy machines in the hospitals, etc…) into the mix, we could have whole talk radio channels centered on them. I’d listen to that.
There must be millions of songs written,and yet the raw material is quite limited. The Western musical scale is made up of twelve notes (semitones) which repeat over about five octaves. (any more than that and the human ear can't hear them)
Prospecting a dream
Miniskirt Blues/Infected by Simon Stokes
Simple Stories, Christy Tomblinson, Unity grid and worn circles, IOD,
Also, note to the Best Western in Danville, Illinois: those lines in the metal doors aren’t fooling anyone. They’re not made of wood.
I continued to jiggle my line, hoping the hungry wolf would go away. The scratching got louder and louder. I began to sweat. I jiggled my bait faster. The scratching picked up tempo. I stopped and reached for the axe and bolted outside to confront the hungry wolf.
Ribbon: Renaissance By Design
As I said in class, one way to structure your essays would be to use the following format:
And Creed! How could I forget Creed?! Their music takes me back to the semester at college where I wore a lot of black and spiked-studded belts and had spikey-ish hair. I believe that's when I was in the middle of trying to figure out who I wasn't. But Creed - their tunes were most definitely who I was.
-Ipanema Restaurant-- Brazilian food, Grilled garlic chicken & passion fruit juice
Dweezil
Jake, please know that we felt all the love you gave to us during your time here.
To show the continued upward spiking of new firms, there were only a total of 24 in 2000. By contrast 50 new firms opened in 2011 alone.
I may have swooned…..
Thank you for letting us know your concerns. I think you will be happy to know that the film explicitly states:
Bottom-line: 2012 outlook for global brands remains steady in China. On the retail side, insiders see a continued steady growth around 20% for the mid-to-upper level and luxury segments. The implication here is for local brands to continue to underperform for the balance of the year. In the end, 5% overall growth is still in the picture. Good year for Japanese in China, not bad for US, Korean and EUR brands.
When government appears to simply create an extra margin of profit for some corporations when it could easily have solicited bids instead (as it does for many other goods and services), it is entirely reasonable for citizens to view that provision as an instance of corruption.
* You will be a part of a fantastic, friendly team.
Thursday-no workout.....recovering from the bachelor party!!
Muennig PA, Khan K. Cost-effectiveness of vaccination versus treatment of influenza in healthy adolescents and adults. Clin Infect Dis 2001; 33: 1879-1885.
For more information, email Zedde at f.zedde@gmail.com. Registration begins now. Class sizes are limited.
Total Run Time: 2 hours, 22 minutes (including bonus material)
41. A user manual for a lawnmower
But, as history recalls, the Republicans were defeated. Their names for the streets that made up Gran Via could not be allowed to endure. So it became the “Avenida de José Antonio”, after the founder of the fascist party, the Falange. It wouldn’t be until 1981, six years after Franco’s death when Madrid’s socialist mayor restored many of the original street names and the whole avenue simply called, “Gran Via”. The satirists, music hall comedians of the 1880s, and the composer Frederico Chueca must have been laughing in their graves.
The weather has been fabulous overall, so we've had trips to the park, the Botanic Gardens and aquarium, seen several movies and just a few days ago picked up Rock Band for our PS-2. We are all having such a ball playing Rock Band!
Package A:
COMMENT :
Two days later, a mother who was due to have an emergency caesarean section after her foetus was in distress was forced to push instead because of a power failure. Her baby was stillborn.
The article in question was written by TOC editor Ng Ee-Jay and titled “Vikram Nair compares Chen Show Mao’s proposals to a Nigerian scam.”
“Clearly this trip is campaign-related,” Inhofe said in a statement. “We’ve seen recently that President Obama has visited college campuses in an attempt to win back the support of that age group since he has lost it over the last three years. Similarly, this trip to Afghanistan is an attempt to shore up his national security credentials, because he has spent the past three years gutting our military.”
Wow, sitting in court is just as exciting today as it was last time! #exceptnot
2 Tablespoons Almond butter (peanut butter is fine too)
Julianne crocheted little hearts to use on her Valentines but I didn't get a single picture-in fact, she never even showed me her finished ones-but I'm sure they were cute. ;-)
“I do this drastic thing... that freaks out my graduate students. When I'm finished with the first draft, I print it, read it once, throw away the hard copy, delete the file, and delete trash. Knowing as I go in that the draft is for my eyes only, that I'm not committed to it, frees me up to experiment. It gives me an opportunity to explore the characters and their world. I figure the best, strongest aspects of the character and story will survive when I write the second first draft.”
-4-
You can read about what I heard, saw, thought and felt here. To find out what the Bermuda Triangle of Economic Empowerment and what to me are some of the really interesting questions for the future of enterprise development, you have to check it out!
Sawyer came and spent a few days with us. We went to a corn maze at Coleman Farms in Saline, MI. We laughed, sang, told jokes and got caught up while Nick was reading the map and actually trying to navigate us through the maze with out getting us lost. It was fabulous. At the end of our semi-successful maze adventure the owners of the farm let us feed their cow treats. The cow loved Sawyer and me, I'm sure it wasn't just the treats we were giving her.
He drew her up against him and kissed her. This was much better. Kissing was better than looking. Oh, much better.
As I slowed at the traffic light there at the end of the off ramp, I noticed an older man with a slight frame. He wore a white goatee and his hair was a little long and tangled. He stood with his cardboard sign. “Trying to get to N.C.” it read. “Please help.” I’d not seen him before. He was dressed in faded blue jeans and a brown button down shirt. He had no backpacks or duffle bags, only a fine tremor as he stood holding his small, square sign.
This is easier than it sounds. It can be frozen for some time, defrosted, washed, dried and the side closest to the baby including the cord can be inked and printed to look like a tree, with all the veins looking like branches. They can be quite beautiful. They can also be printed from soon after birth using the blood left within it to make the print.
The same is true of Muslim scientists and nice or moderate Muslims. We are learning about individual Muslim scientists not about Islam or the Koran. We are also learning about Muslims who happen to be nice or moderate. We are learning little, or nothing, about Islam or the Koran. Why should science, or the states of being nice or moderate, be singled out as the concrete instantiations, as it were, of Islam or the Koran? What is true of a Muslim cooker fixer is also true of nice or moderate Muslims. Fixing cookers, being nice or moderate, and science, have nothing to do with Islam or the Koran. What they are to do with is individual scientists who happen to be Muslim or nice or moderate persons who happen to be Muslims.
Amazon UK/US
Seriously…not the Amazing Spider-Man? Not Spectacular Spider-Man?! Despite the blandly titled Spider-Man 2…I sensed a trend for Marvel Movies.
Redistricting
04 Fragmentation _ standardization (love now angrily in protest)
But other than that? Catastrophe! This view doesn't only apply to me and the rest of the palest people on earth but also to those of us having an all-day-all-night card at some tanning studio. And to fulfill the discriminating colour trend: If your body is not in perfect shape (which applies to several examples during my daily tube rides), then you should rethink that trend as well. Nothing more to add here.
Having tasted this wonderful pudding, you'd be left wanting for more, but that's where the part of žito in slava ends. The more liberal housewives would serve the remaining žito to children with the dessert, but this is a very secular thing to do, and even more secular (and probably blasphemous) is topping the Lenten žito with rich whipped cream!
that’ll warm you on a winter’s day.
Angry protestors later attacked a police car which then crashed into at least two people while trying to flee.
It’s very good, it's inventive. It has been done before of course, Cheap Trick did it, but it's not a bad idea. I don't know how it's going to work out financially though.
-2 car garage (which is HUGE for the city)
Best Fan Artist: Brad W. Foster
4. Echoes 23:59
Today I will attempt running. I have a feeling it will be more of a shock to the system than biking was. I am going to be okay with that. Because I don't have a choice. I am four weeks out from a 3m/19.5m/3m run/bike/run race, and 5 weeks out from a 10k mud run I want to RACE. But, I acknowledge that travel and illness has set me back, and I'd rather do my best than injure myself trying to get back to where I was. I have a fantasy that I'll step back out on the concrete BOOM FINE. Because, that's how it works, right?
"We need our own SACP deployment and accountability committee as well to look at how and where to deploy those communists and how those communists account to the SACP, which is something that is very important to us.
** People who seem to have permanent frowns and who talk like they argue never fail to piss me off.
What started as CSR has become corporate responsibility, and now is rapidly becoming sustainable business.
Or I will support my husband, respect him, build him up. By working with him, alongside him, I find great joy. I’ve found a great amount of freedom as well. I am no longer controlled by the anger and bitterness that weighed me like heavy chains and locks. I have love and I give love. I’m not happy every day, but I have contentment, peace with where I am. There is a marked difference in how I see the world, how I see people, and most importantly how I see my dear husband. So much so that I am asked what the
Me: We don't have a new kitty. We only have Jasmine.
Then we got back on the bus, drove around for a while and finally got released to the airport. My littles finally got to bed around 11pm. They did great with the whole mess. I wasn't too excited when the guy asked me right in front of Nathan, "Did you hear anyone mention about a bomb" because then the questions really started up.
Once again You show me
If anything, I learned repeatedly from this whole gay bar experience that boys (especially MDs) will come and go but family and true friends will stay. I’ll take my girls over any hot MD any time. This time I’m certain the girls and I can do just that. The whole bit with Keith, Carlo and Ramon et. al prepared us for that.
I will apologize ahead of time for the amount of foliage posts that might be coming. It's spring and I've just got to do my thing. I take pictures better than I can write and I can write better than I can convey it in a conversation.
On January 16, Martin Luther King’s birthday, Occupy the Dream plans its first actions at Federal Reserve Bank locations around America and thereafter every 30 days, and Chavis’ has special plans to marshall the gigantic African-American faith community.
(DEF v.2, ch.19,20, pp.720-730)
When it’s warm outside, you need to be sure that you’re staying adequately hydrated. However, during warmer days, slower runners completing long distances are at risk of over-hydrating because they’re exposed to the harsh elements for long periods of time and tend to drink more than their body needs. I realized that I was sucking down way too much water. I actually THREW AWAY my water bottle to prevent over-hydration. Sounds completely counter-intuitive, but over-hydration – or hyponatremia – is dangerous and can result in serious bodily damage.
for a trip to the world and in return
Democrats and liberal journalists are as dishonest as the sun is hot.
And that is just how the writing has played itself out. Not me forcing the issue or anything.
Google+ will be a different social network. It's not same like what we know and differences are starting with its web design. Looking like they thought everything, especially Circles is an advanced thought that we need. Anyway; like it or not, people will use it so better to get ready for Google+
we crossed our fingers for the a-o-k to bring her home soon . . .
NABC Jaxon 11%
* the Berkswell I used didn't quite add the piquancy I was looking for and tasted in the original. If you can't find a really nutty one, try an aged pecorino or even parmesan.
to strike a chord with the public – that debut album sold 250,000 copies in three weeks - and her bizarre versions of rock and pop standards (including such greats as Downtown and These Boots Were Made for Walking) led to her becoming known as the worst pop star of all time.
In the book is a red business card.....My first scrapbooking friend! She works at Oakton Preserve, and understood why I needed to take many pictures!! I had to have the "before" pictures, so that I can scrapbook the whole journey!!
I don’t know where da flock can be.
technology propulsion system for use in high power electric locomotives.
Inspired Shark Cardigan: Tres Blah
A lot of the time, it's you.
He finally said at one point, “This place gives me lots of emotion” and he meant more that he gets emotional up there, in the Skies of Catalonia – Montserrat’s other, well desreved name.
Everything was delicious.
Congratulations, He-Twin and She-Twin on your induction into the National Elementary Honor Society.
I went to Madison Square park and it was a good turn out. The first class we attended was by Chris Hedges, who was a journalist for the New York Times. He spoke about how corporations are really running the United States as well as other things but it was difficult to hear him. At first when we heard of him and started to read an article about him and what he stands for we were kinda thinking he was a jerk before we got to listen and learn what he had to say. At this moment I am watching the news and they are trying to portray the protest and the occupation as a lost cause and a cause without a message. I was one who first thought there were too many causes and not one clear message but listening to Chris Hedges and seeing all the signs I came to the conclusion everyone is fighting capitalism. They want to rid the country of the capitalist corruption. They all blame capitalism for this economic crisis. I later walked to Union Square with Maryanne and we were surround by a huge group that made us feel part of the moment.
“Nonsense!” I exclaimed. “They would make mincemeat of the Taliban! Witch combat has come a long way since the days of the Roman Empire, when they charged into battle naked with their tits painted blue. I’ve met some of these English witches and they impressed me hugely with their supple-bodied cunning.”
(sing to the miss america tune, por favor)
Alison
I was working in my office concentrating on the task at hand. Turning to look outside I suddenly discovered that I had a large smudge on my left lens. “How did I miss that?” I wondered. Taking my lens wipes out from the drawer, I diligently cleaned both lenses, looked through my glasses and saw clearly for the first time this morning.
Fifteen-year-old Nya is one of Geveg’s many orphans; she survives on odd jobs and optimism—finding both in short supply in a city crippled by a failed war for independence. Then a bungled egg theft, a stupid act of compassion, and two eyewitnesses unable to keep their mouths shut expose her secret to the two most powerful groups in city: the pain merchants and the Healer’s League. They discover Nya is a Taker, a healer who can pull pain and injury from others. Trouble is, unlike her sister Tali and the other normal Takers who become league apprentices, she can’t dump that pain into pynvium, the enchanted metal used to store it. All she can do is shift it from person-to-person, a useless skill that’s kept her out of the league and has never once paid for her breakfast.
CPF chairman Paulos Dube accused Brig Shabangu of having made no effort to replace the officer. In a letter addressed to the National Commissioner , the Minister and Deputy Minister of Police, the CPF listed a number of allegations – stating that they were receiving no support from Brig Shabangu or the Springs police.
“Pakatan, when it comes to power in Sarawak, wants to help the community which been marginalised and neglected for far too long,” he said.
Again, he heard the noise and realized it was the front door.
Question-marks envelope our existence. ...
Although this album's reputation is one that is unfairly maligned, more astute listeners will give it the attention it deserves and let those solar winds take them for the ride of their lives.
He is enjoying the beautiful weather as we all are!
Although I’ve now come to the end of this blog series charting the highlights of the current crop of TV historical drama, there’s still more to come. Fans of well-written shows like those listed over the past week have an exciting future ahead.
In the random things I see- You jump out at me…
So, when I talk about affairs, I am only speaking of a situation where there is a married couple and one person in that marriage is having a relationship outside of the marriage.
Every reason more and more
Gjellë me Bamje (Okra Stew)
4. Poison
I have a small garden where i sow vegetables since 2010.Natural seeds,healthy plants.But IF the neighbour-for example- buys knowingly or not,Monsanto seeds I can't use the soil as it's gonna be contaminated.
Hey buddy. I love you and I've been thinking about you a lot lately. But that's no different than usual I guess.
The style of the prom dress is the first most important thing to consider so as ensuring you are on the right trend. The classic popular styles for dresses for prom this year are short fitted dresses, like those you have seen the stars are wearing at Hollywood. Mostly they are strapless if the length is up to the knee or they have sleeves if it is above the knee.
One day Jack is suddenly attacked by a robot that closely ressembles one of the characters in his comic books. Jack surprises himself by defeating the robot. Shortly afterwards he is approached by an emissary promising to take Jack away to a place where all imaginative thoughts and ideas come from called the Imagine Nation.
janeṣv abhijñeṣu sa eva go-kharaḥ
Enter Joe. You see, Joe was playing (what else?) a tiefling. He had been running this tiefling with a few of his friends in the Planescape setting and wanted to enter our campaign. I had no idea what a tiefling was, and when he told me it was half-demon from the Planescape setting, I immediately put up a mental block for all things involving the setting. It had, in my opinion at the time, spawned a layer of such cheese that I refused to take it seriously as a campaign world. Of course, over the years I think the tiefling has developed in the game into something that truly epitomizes what old schoolers hate about the current iterations of the game, going from optional player characters in later editions, to a core race in 4e.
Unfortunately 2 of my children have gone away on holiday this week with mummy and daddy. But that will not stop us!
Sometimes I wonder what the purpose of my blog is. So far, it’s been pretty much a blog of my daily life, which can be pretty boring to a random reader. But I’ve been trying to at least make my blogs somewhat insightful so that it’s not just me rambling about my woes. I’m still trying to find where to go with this blog, as well as trying to find where my life is going too.
After church is was home for just a short while and then off to my parents house for Easter dinner. John surprised us all by getting Easter lilys for all the females in attendance. He is always so thoughtful ~ I am very blessed!! After dinner Jasmine got to work on an activity that she had been planning in her head. She colored and cut out 12 large easter eggs and hid them around the house for the little kids to find. On the back of each egg was an easter symbol and scriptures that tell of Christ's death and ressurection. It was an amazing activity. We all sat around the living room with our scriptures and took turns reading from the scriptures the account of Christ's last moments. We could feel the spirit so strongly~a much better feeling than tears and anguish from a day of massive sugar consumption.
Unquestionably, the big publishing news of the week was the US Department of Justice's lawsuit filing against Apple and five major book publishers--Penguin, Macmillan, Hachette, HarperCollins, and Simon and Schuster--for alleged ebook price fixing.
To assemble the cupcakes to the cone ~ It’s so simple ~ just stick a toothpick into the foam at a slight angle up starting at the base and push a cupcake onto it.
he now feels like a hostage. We’re following up on my exclusive
I was not a runner then. But sometime in the years between leaving my hectic job at a publishing house in New York and beginning to write Fallen, I took up the sport. I found myself living on a tomato farm in Northern California. It was their first time in my life I’d lived somewhere with that much open space around me. One day, I started to run the boundaries of the tomato plots. I hated it at first. I hated it for months. I definitely did a lot of counting down the seconds until my run was up. But the seed of a dream to run a marathon someday had been planted in me, so I kept up the running.
The wedding was awesome today and i'll post photos of that tomorrow! :)
Next, I scanned their artwork.
Schedule for Event:
FG: Yes, I was sent a copy of it. I have very strong, but maybe very different opinions, since I lived this journey with Ron Maxwell. I personally think Gods and Generals may be the most authentic and true to all the facts, movie ever made about the Civil War. Some say it was way too long, some say it was historically boring. I personally think Ron got on the screen exactly what he was hoping for from day one. I think he was not interested in pleasing “Hollywood” as much as he was concerned about remaining true to the facts and to our American history, and I have to applaud him for that.
They have an open bar, an open door, and they’ll take anybody. It’s a jazzed up feeding frenzy. The walls are pulsing, there’s dancing and music and drugs and heat.
5 five
While the event may include a reoccupation the event itself is a broader celebration and expansion of Occupy Wall Street as we continue to draw attention to the issues facing the 99%, occupy the nation’s imagination with art and culture, as well exercise our first amendment rights. Through on-site performances and a special radio broadcast on WBAI, we will introduce the people's amp, a guerrilla sound system to give voice to the people's movement.
who squirm in church and scream in the phone,
Scrap worsted weight yarn
a) it was shorter (55 minutes versus 1 hour 30 minutes which given the fact we arrived at 4:30 would make for a later night out for us early birds)
“For your info, I became a citizen in 2009 and voted for GE2011. We have people in your grassroots, RC and PA. We have new citizens who have gone on to become MPs in Punggol.”
I chose to pick my 7th post. So here it goes.
WASHINGTON - Look up. Drones are "certainly" coming to the skies over the Beltway in the next few years, one area police chief says.
A three-month “scoping” project at Heathrow airport detected 1,800 unaccompanied children, half aged under 11. A recent report by the Conservatives described child trafficking as “an escalating problem with a weak support structure in place” yet after a year in power they have weakened our ability to thwart child-trafficking to such an extent that they appear to actively promote the ongoing trade in human misery and degradation.
Or, at least, you'd think it would be.
HopStop is an absolute must for getting around NYC but I found that the Paris version to be as stand-offish as a Parisian waiter. It was really picky about addresses and didn't recognize 'places of interest' such as Notre Dame and the airport. We used the free MetrO iPhone app instead for directions on public transportation - once you download the maps they're accessible offline.
Stewie did not go to CrossFit last night. Nor did he eat onions, thankfully. He is excited to go for a long walk on Saturday while wearing his green sweater. Go Ducks!
Trousers: Zara
and on our right with a little less sass we have Forver 21.
Track 12 on your CD, Trinidad—what’s that all about?
Last night I watched the show Survivor. I love to watch it because it amazes me what people will do for a million dollars. They will be dropped off in the middle of nowhere with a bunch of strangers and are told to survive. They have no food or shelter. They may or may not have any survival skills. They have to learn to start a fire, fetch water and find food. Some do well with this challenge. Others do not. Last night was the Survivor Auction. Each contestant was given five hundred dollars to use for bidding. They bid on food, letters from home and an advantage for an upcoming challenge. One of the contestants spent all of her money on a letter from home. There was no question in her mind; she needed to hear from a loved one. Without hesitation, she laid down all she had for that letter.
Some part of him wanted to be a hero. Twice he stepped in to raise the children of other men (first my mother’s twin girls and later my step-mother’s twin boys). He aspired to be a good father. But the addicts who also manage to become good parents are far and few between and he was no exception. Especially when you're married to a coke head.
What’s the mean amount of time respondents spend on memes?
Then you saw him. Blonde hair, turquoise eyes and glasses. His name was Eduard. He was one of the smartest kids in school, and you happened to have a crush on him. He was fumbling with some papers, as he was walking along. “He’ll never care about me. I know it.” you muttered.
1 divide
I fell on top of a table,
“The Thieves” will be released in Korea in July.
They even wrote a book together. It’s called: “When the Game Was Ours.”
Like this message Please Retweet and spread the word for a better more personal Valentines day whatever you are doing. xxx
I never saw a wild thing sorry for itself.
-According to research by a coffee brand called Cafedirect, women make 3 TIMES as much coffee and tea for the office every week as men do.
a new pincushion I would like to share with you.
Now, had we been interested in handing over wads of the folding stuff to the neighbour to get rid of him, we would have been sadly disappointed......if we had bought his eight hectares for three hundred thousand dollars we would have checked the National Registry, found the five registered hectares and assumed the rest was still off the list.
Now he has begun painting. He's only just started, but you can already tell its going to be outstanding. Each day he comes, a little more of the mural comes to life. I'll keep posting as he goes… and I'm going to try to get some action shots while he's here… if he's not opposed to being online on the coolest blog ever.
The story board is a great tool. I put down sentences of things that must happen, factual like a journalist reporting. I also put down possible consequences of these events, with other misc images/words/items /places etc that spring out.
The attempt to remove Christianity from the public arena can be seen implicitly in the way groups like the Military Association of Atheists and Freethinkers are pressuring the Air Force to remove Bibles from on-base lodging rooms. Under the guise of fighting against “a special privilege for Christianity,” atheists are seeking to have Gideon Bibles removed from the rooms by equating the placement of those Bibles with “insensitive practices that illegally promote religion over non-religion or unethically discriminate against religions or differing beliefs.”
In John 20:27 we see who is usually dubbed “doubting Thomas” like it’s a bad thing. Among all those who believed Thomas stuck out as the only one who doubted the Lord being risen from the grave after dying on the cross.
While I thought 2010 was a crazy year, 2011 was a bit of a doozy. It was a hard year but I was also so incredibly blessed. I was hired back as a teacher in my old school district (part-time but I'll take it!) and my husband and I took our long over-due honeymoon which turned into our anniversary trip to Costa Rica. We've had some bumps along the road but I know that we are stronger because of it.
The most interesting dimension of the promo is the rollback for the original buyers. It’s proof of the fragility of pre-sales. The developer probably realizes many of the early pre-sale buyers can’t/won’t complete on the original prices. My guess is the developer’s calculated it makes more sense to slash prices across the board than risk the time and expense of litigation.
The right brain comes up with the idea; the left brain writes it down. Similarly, the right brain drafts; the left brain edits. All creative acts have an element of left brain to them. The right brain acts; the left brain memorizes lines. The right brain plays; the left brain practices. Et cetera.
I think that's a horrible way to go about things, and honestly a very selfish way. People who are unschooling, people who have started or send their children to or go to democratic or free schools, people who are natural, autonomous learners of all types, are showing that the alternatives are wonderful. We're going beyond the theoretical and actually showing, through our lives, how joyous life can be without a coercive schooling system. To keep these alternatives quiet seems a gross injustice to everyone currently in the school system.
b. 147:1, 20
a new being
Mount & Blade: Warband has been updated with some new bug fixes such as “bugs related with sounds and music”. I am still having the quit to desktop bug in multiplayer matches thought.
Patterned and die-cut: Cricut Imagine and Imagine more Cart
I was now unarmed, out-numbered, and afraid as the men yelled racist & angry things at me (yes they had annoying country accents) while trying to shoot me to death with pistols, rifles, and maybe a few shotguns; and so I ran inside of my grandfather’s house trying to throw things on the ground to slow them down, as I ran up stairs trying to find some of my grandfather’s old guns.
Friendship also helps to explain the very difficult line “ask whatever you want in my Father’s name he will give you” (15:16). Since Jesus and his disciples are in the same circle of friends, they share resources at the Father’s disposal. By entering a friend-relationship with the disciples, Jesus gives them access to his own “friend network” and family. Since Jesus is the Son, the disciples now will have direct access to the Father.
For the cross
In September 2011, Falun Gong practitioner Xu Zhen died within a month of being sent to the Chongqing Women’s Labor Camp.
I think the first time I heard of Patton Oswalt was because he was doing staged readings of the script for The Day the Clown Cried, the infamous film where Jerry Lewis plays a clown in a Nazi concentration camp (read the Spy magazine story about this incredible, uh, thing). What a great idea (the readings, not so much the movie). Anyway, I saw Patton at Bumbershoot as well (different year from Zach) and laughed my ass off. Patton Oswalt is an incredibly gracious person. After the show, I stopped to express my appreciation and he actually listened and genuinely thanked me. He's definitely acerbic and puts on a grumpy attitude on stage, but off stage? Adorable and sweet, like a puppy. His Comedy Central special last year killed me. Tibecian scream singers? Yes please.
I’m sitting here in 30 degrees of sunshine, hearing snippets of French drift in from the open windows. Clutching my notebook and a blue pen, I’m scribbling swirls of ideas for articles and thinking about the rough drafts of my book. My future book! (Cue several squeaks of excitement.)
Just click on the buttons and be whisked away to a world of inspiration!
This week I'm feeling a bit dazed and out of sorts, like someone needs to poke me to really wake me up. It's that February funk where you feel overwhelmed a bit, but also like you're running through waist-deep sludge that prevents you from running at full speed. In professional terms, I call it my "Season of Self-Doubt" as it is the time of year I always start to feel like I'm not doing enough. I've learned that every teacher feels this at some point, so I try to just deal with it and keep moving!
I love the first pick. Trent Richardson will be a ferocious beast for Cleveland. Then they went and ruined it by drafting a 28-year-old below-average quarterback in the FIRST ROUND. Kill me now.
PARA DESCARGAR HAZ CLICK EN EL ENLACE Y ESPERA 10 SEGUNDOS DESPUES HAZ CLICK EN EL BOTON QUE DICE SKIP AD Y TE MANDARA AL ENLACE ORIGINAL
Please send me your thoughts and questions you’d like to ask Tom Horne. More details for this meeting will follow.
I was never a great friend of marriage. When I was growing up in a series of east coast and Midwestern suburbs in the 1970s and 80s, the institution of marriage seemed more like a gory roadside smash-up than the loving union of one man and one woman. And as I spent junior high school witnessing the disintegration of my family and of many of the families around me, I was also discovering that boys were boys and girls were girls, and boys who acted like girls were faggots.
They exchange some punches, and then it goes to the ground. Jake was on top, but Nic quickly reverses and takes the top position. Nic is landing some short elbows from the top.
I've gotten several comments asking for pictures of the dresses. That is so sweet of you all to ask :-). I promised my daughter that her new dresses will remain under wrap until she debuts them at her next Meet, but I will post photos after that. I even have a nifty dress form sized to my daughter that I can put them on for photos :-D. Let me tell you that the dress form I purchased was a great investment! Who knew? It has been indispensable during the sewing process for fitting, figuring out how much elastic, etc. How did I sew all this time without one, lol?! All right, I've got to run and do some housework before the fabric gets here. The place is a wreck! There are pattern pieces and fabric and elastic and rulers and tons of other sewing stuff all over my dining room table. I can hardly see the tablecloth underneath it all! It won't be long now before I'm back. I cannot wait to get my hands on ink, card stock, and stamps again!!!!!! Have a great day and a great week everyone!!! Thanks for your patience while I'm sewing!
(There will be an option to enter one or both giveaways...please do not enter Alice in Zombieland if you do not qualify...please...)
I remember my mother teaching me. I remember getting whacked every now and then. I remember being scolded too. But, I do not think she ever got so anxious. She taught me like a professional unfazed and methodical. Of course, there was no television or computer to distract her or me. It was only later that this addictive distraction crept into our lives. By then, I had got accustomed to a study schedule, which did not demand watching television. Today, my son wants to watch the television at the drop of a pin. I remember being sent everyday by my mother to have my regular doze of play outside, on the street with the other children. Today, my son is given so much homework that by the time he is over with everything it’s time to have dinner, watch a wee bit of television and then wind up for the day. I really sympathize with the poor chap. We too did get homework to do but it always left us with time for ourselves.
* Notes on Oyate from Wikipedia: In January 2008, the Lakota Freedom Delegation split into two groups. One group was led by Canupa Gluha Mani (Duane Martin Sr.). He is a leader of Cante Tenza, the traditional Strongheart Warrior Society, that has included leaders such as Sitting Bull and Crazy Horse. This group is called Lakota Oyate. The other group is called the “Republic of Lakotah” and is led by Russell Means. In December 2008, Lakota Oyate received the support and standing of the traditional treaty council of the Oglala Tiospayes.
All of that is to say, if you find that scheduling your day into precise segments does not work for you, do not despair! For some families, it apparently works well. But you are not alone in your situation--many of us must use a much more flexible, organic approach. lol When AO had its one and only conference back in 2005 (notes; reviews and a link to purchase CD's which are well worth listening to), one of the AO Advisory members, I think it was Wendi Capehart, had this to say about schedules:
--LSU students chanting as they chased would-be flag burner off campus
And that's it for now, please pop back soon for some more sneak peeks .. they are yummy!
But it was not until he got a charter from the NRA in 1957 and founded the Black Armed Guard that the Klan got their comeuppance in Monroe.
I know family courts are overworked. I know--because the training I had to take and am still taking tells me so--that a family court judge's primary goal is to keep the family united. In many respects, I can understand and accept that.
Here’s to 2012!
yarn around the fingers,
In ninety-three.
For most of my childhood in Wild Wood we showered at an outside chain-pull shower spigot attached to the back of the house. We did this for two reasons; one, so we would not track sand through the house and two, there was only an old claw foot tub in the one and only bathroom inside the house. Upon returning from the beach each day all of the kids would line up near the outside shower head. The younger kids were usually stripped naked and scrubbed down by their parents as the old neighbor lady, over the grayish flat-post fence, smiled and laughed at the shiny white tan-lined heinies. The older kids waited their turn and showered wearing their bathing suits, feeling embarrassed by the old lady's smiling glare. I think she lived for watching the afternoon showers. I am sure she was just a nice old lady but I found her to be kind of creepy.
Taste (0-10): Nice balance between the hops and malt. Reminds me of Pliny the Elder. Excellent mouthfeel! 9 points
Meanwhile, allegations surfaced long ago that Goldman used its influence with the Obama administration to address charges of fraud leveled against them by the Securities and Exchange Commission. During their bout of legal troubles with the SEC, Goldman CEO Lloyd Blankfein visited the White House on at least four separate occasions to meet with President Obama. Their topics of conversation remain a mystery, of course.
She responds: Maybe. How much does it cost? Let's figure out if it's possible today.
“Where he’s from, there are several good D-I schools nearby that would be good options to play football, get a good education and keep him near his family.”
Luckily, Sharon is receiving financial support, so she can take her case of unfair dismissal to the High Court, and perhaps get this monstrous wrong overturned. Fingers crossed, Shazza!
John Roger Fisher, 46, Bayonne, N.J.
This week, on Wednesday and Thursday, Tunisian Jews will make their annual pilgrimage to El Ghriba synagogue on Djerba, commemorating the death of Shimon Bar Yohai, a second-century kabbalistic rabbi who authored a famous religious text known as The Zohar. Before the revolution, this event – known as the Hiloula – attracted almost 10,000 foreign visitors each year and became a barometer of expectations for the coming tourist season. The pilgrimage was cancelled last year in the immediate aftermath of the revolution.
Into the Wild (2007, USA, Sean Penn)
Straps: Cut 2 pieces of about 1 1/2″ wide x 12″ length fabrics. You need shorter length for babies and longer for adult, measure the length of the intended wearer if possible, but as safety factor, it is better to allow more so that you can cut if it is too long. Fold the straps fabric with right side facing each other, sew with 1/4″ seam allowance, turn, press and top stitch near the edge. Repeat the same for the other. Shirred Sundress pattern TutorialUse the diagram on the left, determine the width and length of the fabric required. Add 1/2″ for seam allowance for side, 1″ for top hem and 2″ for bottom hem. The numbers in the brackets are the sizes I used for my daughter who is 7 year-old. Cut fabric, double-fold the top hem of about 3/4″ width, press and pin to secure. Top stitch near to the edge and about 1/2″ from the edge. This is the pocket or casing for the elastic band. Note: This pattern is tight fit to the kid chest, if you would like to have loose fit, change the width to “2 x chest” or the widest width you can get from the fabric. Shirring With ElasticWhen we shirr a piece of cloth or fabric, the elastic thread is always come from the bobbin side. Hand wind the elastic thread onto the bobbin, don’t stretch the thread, a relax tension will give you better result. A roll of bobbin is enough for a girl’s shirred sundress. If yours ran out before finished shirring, just remove the bobbin and wind again. Sew a continuous elastic thread on a row for neater look and better gathers. Shirring With Elastic Sewing MachinePlace the bobbin into the sewing machine. Thread a matching sewing thread on the top. Sewing Machine TensionTurn the upper tension to the maximum loose but maintain the normal stitch spacing that you used to sew for straight line stitches. Shirred Sundress InstructionTest run on a fabric scrap and check for the tension. Adjust the tension if needed. When you are ready, go for the real sewing. How to shir with elasticThis is how the wrong side looks like after the following is done. Starting with some back stitches, sew 5 rows of elastic shirrs with 1/4″ interval between each row. End each row with some back stitches to secure the elastic thread in place. Cut a length of 1/4″ elastic band slightly longer that the shirred width. Pin one end with safety pin, slide it through the top hem pocket or casing until it comes out to the other end. Stitch at the seam line to secure the band. Sew Simple Elastic Shirred Dress Sew the side, serge or zig-zag the raw edges if needed. Double-fold the bottom hem for about 1″, press and pin, double stitch. Attached the straps. Tie 2 ribbons and sew it to the front, just below the straps (with the ribbons, now you know where is the front side of the dress!!!) Easy! Isn’t it? Tagged as
Designing practical strategies to cope with the complex combination of alcoholism and cognitive impairment requires an understanding of the nature of cognitive functions and their interactions with structural and functional brain abnormalities. This issue of Alcohol Alert describes the nature and consequences of common alcohol-associated cognitive defects, explores the extent to which some cognitive abilities recover with abstinence, and summarizes recent research on the effects of cognitive deficits on alcoholism treatment outcome.
loaded down and truthfully it looks like this more times than not. How sad is that. I have always been
My brother moved to Montreal last week and has only been gone for less than a week and it’s so strange how much I miss him even though I didn’t see him everyday.
Other than the lasagna my small group made for Alpha this year, I don’t think I’ve bought ground beef in about 6 months. It’s just no longer become necessary. Other than the fact that I won’t make lasagna at home (turns out hubby’s lactose intolerance is especially susceptible to cheese)….
Food Should Taste Good Chips - Multigrain
Have you read the Agent 13 source material? Will it make for a worthwhile movie?
P.S. I really love the poster at the top of this post. Isn't it gorgeous?
Another thing that wasn’t cool was I, as a 35-year-old man, was bordering on high blood pressure, something I thought was in the “NO WAY” category at that stage of my life… Now that issue is long gone, I am far within normal levels. Sweet!
The dread of the LORD fell upon the people, and the came out as one man.
Day 2: Kitten's First Full Moon by Kevin Henkes and So That's How the Moon Changes Shape! by Allan Fowler. We also did phases of the moon using Oreo cookies, but I didn't get a picture because we ate the cookies too quickly!
To enable me contribute to the debate effectively, I will first start by giving an analogy. A country can be thought of as a large farm. For argument sake, let us assume that Kenya was a 100 million hectares farm that produced nothing but tomatoes. Let us also assume that half of this land i.e. 50 million hectares was under use and could produce 2 million kilograms of tomatoes. If that is all the country produced year in, year out, then we would all soon realize that we cannot live a life of joy and happiness by only growing and consuming tomatoes. Life would be better off if some other people dedicated themselves to producing things other than tomatoes. Let us for simplicity sake assume that we decided to split the use of the productive 50 million hectares into two different uses. One half i.e. 25 million hectares is used to produce 1 million kilograms of tomatoes and the other 25 million hectares is used to produce 1 million kilograms of onions. Life would be improved now that we have the option of consuming a mix of tomatoes and onions. Then let us now assume that rather than people carrying tomatoes and onions physically to trade every time, we introduce stamps to represent the real produce of the economy. In this case, we produce 1 million tomato stamps and 1 million onion stamps. If in the next year, we are able to produce 2 million tomatoes and 2 million onions, it means that the number of stamps in the economy would have to grow to meet real production. And then don’t literally think stamps, think currency notes and coins. By extension, it means that the more real produce an economy churns out, the more the wealth of a country.
We agreed to meet at a pizza place which was close to both of us. Despite being more nervous than a ho in a nunnery and taking about 5 hours to do my hair and make-up and choose a suitable outfit, I got there first. It had already been decided that I would have an umbrella with me which he could recognise me by ... romantic huh? No long stemmed, red rose for this gal, just a cheap brolly with a handle shaped vaguely like a bear's head. It was as disturbing as it sounds.
#123. hockey (just NOW realizing how awesome it is!0
Nancy Drew series by Carolyn Keene
Not just in the Metros, even in the small towns....No matter of what age, which caste and gender they belong, even the house wives were seen hand in hand to beat corruption. The most important thing noticed from the newspapers and TV clippings was that they all were the urban class people and fully committed to fight corruption.
The evil man is a source of fascination; ordinary persons wonder what impels such extremes of conduct. A lust for wealth? A common motive, undoubtedly. A craving for power? Revenge against society? Let us grant these as well. But when wealth has been gained, power achieved and society brought down to a state of groveling submission, what then? Why does he continue?
Aids? Well nobody really knew what to make of that. To ghastly to contemplate. It had me seething with rage and incomprehension.
recounting the stories he hears, as learning them is “what interested him most in life: the need to look ceaselessly in to the deepest part of the human soul. The multitude of nameless beings he encountered rarely possessed souls worth exploring, but Adrien knew how to find them, and by chance he occasionally came upon them.”
Think of it this way. Visiting the expo is akin to spending the day at the Museo de Antropologia except instead of seeing the national treasures behind glass, the treasures are the people. Kudos to FONAES for hosting such an event.
“The apparent intent of Byrd and Lacy was to kill Abraham,” a Greenwood detective wrote in the affidavit on April 29.
Fortunately the government has come up with a strategy to increase their numbers.
It is a pity that the educational standard fixed for young girls now-a-days is of so low an order. A smattering of French, a word or two of German, an idea of what music really means, as gained from a three years' acquaintance with scales and movements, and songs without words--this is all! There is, of course, a good deal of reading with scientific masters that serves only to puzzle the brains half given to the matter in hand, and then the girl is emancipated from the schoolroom, and let loose upon society to "be settled in life," says Mamma.
During that memorable evening, Maas told many stories, including one about Joan Crawford, who was then known as Lucille LeSueur and was just starting out in the movies.
I build a bonfire every few weeks in my back yard and leave them outside with it. I give them hotdog roasting sticks and they cook their own dinners over the fire. My only rules: Don’t run near the fire, don’t cook food if there is anything plastic burning in the fire (not because of “the chemicals,” which are probably there, but also because it tastes bad and ruins the food), and the fire must stay in the fire-pit, not on “cool torches carried all over the yard.”
What was it which led him to be such an effective double-agent and, even more intriguingly, why exactly did his London masters lock him away in Dartmoor Prison?
"I'd like to be a chinese laborer," said Tom coolly.
I love that the Butterick pattern comes with the opera-coat pattern, as well.
“Last year, Scottish people sent us a clear message – we had to up our game and put their interests before the party’s. We’ve taken a major step forward in rebuilding their faith in us.”
I just visited their new place today and we've talked more than 3 hours...actually 3 hours were not enough at all to tell the whole storied of us in the past 10 years.
through tomorrow I am offering my book plus a free fat quarter of mummysam fabric for a special price. Please visit my shop for more details! Offer ends Friday, and feel free to spread the word! (and if you do spread the word, share your link here....I'll enter all of your names in a little hat and send one of you some mummysam tape!)
Lately K.C. has wanted everything turned upside down. Dishes, cups, toys etc. must be turned upside down after he's finished with them. Tonight Diet Coke in a can was turned upside down and left on the top of my cable box. It's no longer working :( I don't know what's got into him. Even with his eyes he's looking out of the corner as much as possible as if to try to see what's behind him. Don't know what to make of it. I do know he gets mighty angry if I turn his things that he's finished with upside down. Even if the dish is full of food it gets dumped. Hopefully he will soon let this upside down thing go. I wonder if he's Dyslexic? Don't know if it's a phase or?
The rhetoric coming from both sides is unbelievable. I’ve got an incredulous friend on one side who can’t believe that I could even suggest that Obama will be anything other than the most glorious thing to ever grace the Oval Office. I’ve got another alarmist friend on the other side who seems to think that Democratic rule will turn us into 1917 Russia, or at least 2002 France. And everyone else seems to be generally lining up in some varying degree in one camp or the other.
Besides, he doth most gravely, also, in that book, debate of the rise of these temptations, namely, blasphemy, desperation, and the like; showing that the law of Moses as well as the devil, death, and hell hath a very great hand therein, the which, at first, was very strange to me; but considering and watching, I found it so indeed. But of particulars here I intend nothing; only this, methinks, I must let fall before all men, I do prefer this book of Martin Luther upon the Galatians, excepting the Holy Bible, before all the books that ever I have seen, as most fit for a wounded conscience.
Have you heard other ones that I missed?
Well, I've submitted my dissertation. "Effects of dark specialty malts on the growth of common brewing bacteria". I'm tired... a couple of beers, then I think I'll go to sleep early. I'm drinking a Harviestoun Bitter & Twisted and eating Ritz crackers... the combination of the two leaves the taste of chineese food in my mouth. Weird!
I was SO EXCITED to open a package from blurb recently with a book I created of the first year of my blog. I have always been a keeper of memories and I've tried to capture them in photos for as long as I can remember. Sometimes I wish I had the mental capacity to replay life's events with picture-perfect clarity, detail, and color just by willing it so--a flashback sequence of the best moments whenever I want to reminisce.
Years would go by, and I would think of Him, from time to time, feeling guilty as well that I have given up, upon faith, so I would try to seek God, and try out some Church. Then when I would find a church and either I wasn’t feeling comfortable, thinking that people where judging me…or the message would never hit me, speak to me. So I would give up and just return to a life without Christ. But what is really was, was that I wasn’t ready nor committed to becoming one of Christ’s followers. Giving up all the things I though at the time, made me happy.
There is so much more to healing than we realize....
Don Quixote isn’t a book everyone should read, but major kudos to you if you can get past page 300 which is about where I gave up and took the thing back to the library.
Yeah, I don’t believe me either.
...books are becoming even MORE important at our house. Sam has long had an appreciation for books, but he mostly just liked the touchy-feely ones. Now he's starting to enjoy actually having a story read to him. He's even starting to recognize pictures and say things about that page when we come to it. I love how he "asks" me to read to him. I can be sitting in the floor, and he'll go get a book, give it to me, then position himself right in front of me and slowly, deliberately back his little caboose into my lap. Of course, Molly has to be right in the middle of everything.
For those who want to have something like this for your pre-wedding, please contact us! We would be so excited to create something fabulous for you!
Yesterday I pinpointed that Jennifer’s B#1 was a very different type of chick lit. Well, today’s query is for a great book that has all the “typical” chick lit elements—set in New York City, a young 20-something, an evil boss, a new job, a possible Mr. Right, and yes there’s shopping but all with a big, big, big, big magical twist.
The summer's gone, and all the roses falling
I was feeling kind of anxious, and luckily one of the remedies for anxiety is Vitamin B12. And do you know where vitamin B12 is found? Raw Oysters. Shazam! One of my all time favorite foods. (My other options were Braunswieger, Liver with Onions or Turkey Giblets.) I found these sweeties at Whole Foods, had them shucked there, and transported them home. They were eaten within the hour to discourage bacteria growth. It was a great meal.
We listened to a Ranger talk on Geology, which was fairly interesting (she was really excited about Geology), and mostly just walked along the rim. It was nice, but it was really crowded.
I made him something to eat and he drank some of the vitamin C mixture and he perked up a bit.
I don't mean to sound egotistical but I did like my idea of a man finding himself in an unfamiliar place as we works his way in deeper to the place he finds that he is being pursued by an unseen monster. I would have ultimately have the film end with the moster catching up with the man and having it cut to black.
She gently raises her hand..
Discovering all the hidden secrets and collecting all the collectables also provides motivation for playing. There's lots to do in these games, making them well worth the money. The only problem these days is that Zelda games are predictably similar now, which can be a good or a bad thing, depending on your point-of-view. For me, that means I need to wait a while to play another Zelda game, as I don't want the games to become a drag.
What might not be apparent here is that the upper left part of the test images is from the “Warm” setting, and the lower right from the “Cool” setting. These are inverse of the control names, as they are to compensate for warm or cool lighting; adding warmth to the image compensates for cooler lighting, and visa versa.
mc = make cluster made from 3 treble stitches
As I had suspected, he was hiding in his cabinet. He came out immediately and, with my coaxing, climbed right up the ladder and into my arms. I jumped off the chair and carried him into the house, leaving Bob standing outside on the patio.
Even though many individuals don’t all the time think about intimate relations with another person makes a relationships, others will and it might actually really enhance any relationship with two people who discover themselves severe about one another. There will be a bond between you, an emotional one which may help the relationship to develop stronger; and can allow two folks to talk every so often more so than what they would do with a friend.
*Disclaimer: PLEASE forgive photo quality. Phone photos again...I know, bad habit*
After go to Percy Brywood in Bree to receive your reward.
Three girls, sub-teens, were squabbling over facebook, “Look, she’s called me a slag. The cow.” Fearful of being stabbed no one got involved. My friend Kitty said that she dreamed of being a librarian, of tucking small cards into the pockets on the tickets, of the satisfying thunk of the date stamp. We all had dreams about date stamps. Now it’s all processing and items and barcodes. Nothing to kick-start a gleam in a small child’s eye, apart from maybe the shiny name badge. Progress I suppose.
The pill is an over-the-counter Chinese formula. The usual dosage for adults is 10 pills taken three times daily. This is a short-term treatment and should be stopped after three days.
In my opinion, Anne-Marie Kinney is like a magician. She sets up the stage, positioning her key players and all of her props just so. We the readers, her captive audience, have one job - to sit back and enjoy the show. We see only what Kinney deigns to show Iris. We know only what she allows Iris to know. And as we passively sit there, knowing there is more to it than what meets the eye, knowing that Iris must know it too, we are powerless to act as Kinney slowly, magically shifts and twists our perspectives. Our attention completely on Iris, we follow her as she moves across the stage, from prop to prop, distracted by her while Kinney rearranges portions of the stage unobserved by us, realigning each prop after Iris moves on, setting the stage for her next big reveal.
She also included a pattern for a bag! OMG! Thank you so much Janelle for your generosity and your Giving Heart!
Do the men in your life talk about their bodily functions? Or if you are a man: WHY?
To wit: in my last year of elementary school, I was issued an silvery clarinet--save for its wooden mouthpiece--that was forged from a single piece of metal. It went whole into its carrying case. I'm sure it was crafted from surplus World War II aircraft parts, soldered and shaped, then had nine holes punched into it for the keys. We stored our instruments in lockers in the music room where other students had a chance to blow into them during the day.
Lotus Temple – it is also known as bahai temple. This temple is bahai house of worship. It is noticed for its splendid architecture and sometime it has more visits then Taj Mahal in Agra. It is also considered to be the seven wonders of India.
ASSAULT CLAIMS: A group of people at Leandra in Mpumalanga are suing Police Minister Nathi Mthethwa for R10-million after they were allegedly beaten up by the police's unit known as Amaberete.
-almond butter
Today I took some real photos of my Jung book. Here is a photo of the book open, the way it was meant to be displayed.
We need to find our balance of tidiness, and what works for our family, taking into account the different members and their needs. But don't ever put your own needs for a clean house before your kids' needs to spend time with you!
THAT’S something Darren Hardy hasn’t thought of YET… “Darren Hardy Hump Day”… perhaps I’ll earn a pair of autographed pants from him for coming up with the idea…!? One little idea at a time… Consistency pays off…
I am not sad.
From my drawing books/pages of drawings:
We spent our days teaching at different schools, in different parts of the city. Those little kids were the absolute greatest. I learned pretty much all the Korean I know from them. My most useful words were "sit down!" and "be quiet!" I adored these kids for their hilarious child's logic ("I want a sister because girls have lots of sharpie pens in different colors, and I could steal them.") and their guileless affection. They taught me what it's like to be able to love a child that isn't your own flesh and blood. When I left, I missed some of them so much that it's still hard for me to talk about.
Update: Correct prediction 2. More attention from family, but not nearly as much from strangers. This may be a plus for most people who aren't attention whores.
I loved you
'Oh,' said Youngest. Not having a Clue what I was talking about.
that I would be combining the same two baker's twine colors as I used
Day 16: something new - a picture of my niece walking around. When we saw her last at Christmas she was just a baby and now only 2 months later she's a little girl! More aware, walking and determined. It's crazy how fast they grow up...I can only imagine how big she'll be when I see her again in a few months.
Garcia and Grisman – HOt COrn, Cold Corn
How do you balance your life as an entrepreneur with your duties as a parent or spouse?
I don't see that coming, and it's got nothing to do with session beer. When demand continues to be high -- and everyone knows that craft beer sales are still up, and growing -- and price increases seem to have no effect on it, let alone any effect from the worst economy in 70 years...I don't see anyone dropping prices. And piss you off or not, higher prices reassure the craft novice that this stuff really is good. After all, like I said: you don't think a case of Corona costs $28 because of cost of materials, do you? Price is part of the marketing equation, and it works. It's not lucky for those of us who already know the stuff is good, but there you are.
Denise O’Connor is an Architect and MD of Architecture and Interior design company Optimise Design, founded in 2007 with fellow architect Catherine Crowe.
25. Get Back—The Beatles
Evonik is the leading maker of cyclododecatriene, or CDT, which is a base material used to make a nylon resin called PA-12 used as a coating on the fuel and braking systems of most passenger cars worldwide, auto suppliers said.
- Not enough images of crying people in the stands after the game. Vancouverites want to see these things.
Copyright © Ronald Head. All Rights Reserved. You may copy and redistribute this material so long as you do not alter it in any way, the content remains complete, and you include this copyright notice link:http://oraclesandhealers.wordpress.com/
The 2012 EvaDress Pattern Contest will commence at midnight (00:00 hours) EST January 15, 2012.
OPRAH says many news outlets—including The Oprah Winfrey Show—competed to get the first interview with Nadya, and no one forced her to do it. “Somebody on her team, or she, made the final decision that that interview would go to NBC’s Ann Curry, who I think did a really terrific job of being sympathetic and open to her. And so are you saying that she did that now under duress?”
Oh. Well … that’s good, I guess.
We've had many fabulous sponsors along the way, and we know we couldn't have done it without them too. We invited them to join in our celebration and they have generously offered amazing prizes for our blog hop and challenge winners!!
These are great additions, but for those who utilize AdSense, you may find that this is only supported in the Sidebar and Classic front screen modes.
-the list goes on…
Tuesday February 28th - Lagunitas Gnarleywine
Love and Hugs,
17. Revision
Speaking of graduation and music, I do want to bring out one more victory I had. My experiences bringing in my guitar this year led to an interesting request from some of my seniors: to play songs to go with the senior slide show that is shown at graduation. We worked out what songs I could do from a list of songs they wanted to have (some of them included because I played them in class), and I set out to arrange them. In order to record them well enough to be played at graduation, I enlisted the help of an English professor at my alma mater who has a small recording setup in his home, and in about 16 hours or so, we recorded 5 popular songs, all instruments played by yours truly. (That includes acoustic and electric guitars, piano, organ, synthesized drums, synthesized bass, synthesized strings, and vocals.) I’ll get to listen to them tomorrow evening at graduation, and I hope they go over well. If nothing else, it will be something rewarding to have left the senior class, and that’s worth a lot to me. (By the way, I’ll post a link to what I’ve done when I get all of the songs uploaded to the Myspace account I set up.)
Roshon Fegan & Chelsie Hightower – Salsa
Included in the shop in the FAQs and POLICIES sections, you can read all about the fabrics & their uses, how to open a trade account if you're an interior designer, and how to order. (it's easy! :) On each fabric page, I described what I was thinking when I designed the fabrics & a little bit about what's behind them.
When B was about a year old I came on a yard sale ending for the day giving away a wooden kitchen. It was pretty sad and had been used outside in a sandbox.
Make the proposal dramatic: We all know that girls love drama! Pretend to break up with her, but only when you have convinced her that you are leaving her, surprise her by asking for her hand in marriage!
Amber Kingsnorth – My dad is a carpenter, growing up I’d go to his workshop on the weekends where he’d let me work on my own little projects, as well as clean up the shop. He’d often ask my opinion on what he was working on (usually top secret gift for my mom). It the first time I realized how much planning and thought went into design.
I know you will be stunned to find out the man on the other end was none to pleasant. I tell him my name and the case number and he says, nope nothing. I said, "But there has to be something because you called me at my number and used my name". He insist there is nothing. Ok, fine.
But I put this dream aside because I had to do that horrid thing and admit that I wasn't good enough. Because I wasn't. However I still dream that one day I will have a chance to at least be in the chorus of some professional production, then at least I can say that I tried. And it was brilliant. I know that deep down I still have hopes to act, act in anything that will have me, but now I've got this fear that I'm not good enough for that either. For a variety of reasons.
We are doing it! We’re engaged! Wedding boards on pinterest and baby fever vocalizations be damned! He’s accepted my crazy and we are taking the plunge and this is awesome!!!
It's the last day of the Easter break for me. I start work tomorrow while my wee one starts school. Spent the afternoon catching up on stuff that is needed for work tomorrow. I had a good rest but what a pity, it ended too soon!
grace to all salvation brought,
“Those are the type of things we’re looking for,” he said. “We’re trying to find people that are underage and should not be forced into these types of decisions.”
Dave was only 17, but now he was basically a single parent. And caregiver for a mentally ill mother. Not that I understood any of that at the time. It was just life, and mom was just mom, and while I knew things weren’t the way the were probably supposed to be, I guess you just kind of adjust your definition of “normal” after a while. When you’re 11, you don’t really have a lot of other options.
It’s every day without you since I was fourteen.
There is a beautiful feeling in a home when a new baby arrives. Regardless of how our babies have entered our home, the newborn baby spirit is miraculous. They are so fresh from heaven, and it is easy to feel the love of a wonderful Heavenly Father, as you hold one of His precious children. This last week in our home has been filled with countless reminders of the Lord's tender mercies to our family. Miracles have been handed to us, and we are forever grateful.
The man who organized the Bilderberg Group, Prince Bernhard of the Netherlands, has the power to veto the Vatican's choice of any Pope it selects. Prince Bernhard has this veto power because his family, the Hapsburgs, are desended from the Roman emperors. Prince Bernhard is the leader of the Black Families. He claims descent from the House of David and thus can truly say that he is related to Jesus. Prince Bernhard, with the help of the CIA, brought the hidden ruling body of the Illuminati into public knowledge as the Bilderberg Group. This is the official alliance that makes up the world governing body. The core of the organization is three committees made up of thirteen members each. Thus the heart of the Bilderberg Group consists of 39 total members of the Illuminati. The three committees are made up exclusively of members of all the different secret groups that make up the Illuminati, the Freemasons, the Vatican, and the Black Nobility.
I put a cupcake on a plate in front of her and she sat there for a solid five minutes, staring at it, but not touching it. I tried to put a finger-full of frosting into her mouth but she would have nothing to do with it. Soooo, we gave her a spoon and that was the trick. I guess birthday princess fingers are not to get too messy.
Too stupid to end it all, No!
The number of rooms allocated for these offers is limited. Minimum 5-night stay required. Tickets are for one theme park per day and must be used within 14 days of first use.
I will admit, I cried last night. Frustration that I tried and was rebuffed so ‘sorry, too bad.’ Sad that these people walk around, head held high, completely ignorant of the people around them. Upset that instead of making the situation better, who knows if people will single him out now in the future. And if I find a parent went to the venue management? Possible legal involvement. I don’t mess around. Invisible disabilities are discriminated against on a daily basis, and I’m at a loss as to how to change that. Oh, wait, I was told to start a support group. Uhm, yeah, great, where a bunch of us can sit around and talk about how we’ve all been rebuffed? We can come up with all these perfect plans we want, but in reality, they each rely on the rest of the world showing compassion. If we can’t even rely on people to mind their own business or be nice, how can we place bets on compassion? I won’t let it happen to my child again though. No, I won’t go around telling everyone ahead of time — he’s entitled to his privacy and BB’s now at the point where he wants no one to know. I told him that means he has to be on his best behavior, and he’s trying. We’ve also worked with him on responding properly when someone corrects him and/or touches him. There will not be a repeat occurrence.
my cup overflows.
Pansy Lee is in the middle, she was born just a few weeks after Bella and Hope
If I’ll choose to stay
Hi lovelies.
I am driving to Canberra this weekend, picking up some of my stuff, visiting friends and testing out the new car in cruise control!!!
The notebook on the workbench was a personal diary. The page was dated April 5, 1939. In three separate entries it included something about getting gas, what appeared to be a bit of rant about a woman and a dog and an observation about an electric blanket.
I had to commandeer the point and shoot.
Here is a look at each stamp set used to create my card
Desk Tidys....made in a variety of fabrics. Packs flat and corner ties, when fastened, hold the walls upright. Will hold a pad of A4 paper or card or other smaller items.
From historical research, we come to realize that many Blacks did well after slavery and that there was Black commerce and even flourishing Black towns.
1. Horse – cavalry
Nice that Interpol is helping Muslims to protect the 'sanctity of Islam'. Who says infidels have no value to Muslims?
In California, lawmakers want to “require schools to portray lesbians, homosexuals, transsexuals … as positive role models (?) to children in all public schools.”
SA Prumpung has had a library for a year now. So far the library has been enjoyed by the children who attend the SA Prumpung tutorial session. This is because the library is located inside the house and is open during our programs. The time available to enjoy the library is very limited.
The other thing I must confess is that your reviewer is biased. I am a member of that rabid cult of Poseidon Adventure freaks who watch the film and re-read the novel on an annual basis with the reverence and regularity that some bestow on Christmas (make that New Year’s Eve).
CSN's extensive inventory.
During World War II, the young pianist teamed with Grappelli, the French jazz violinist, who spent the war years in London. Grappelli recalled to writer Leonard Feather in 1976 that he and Shearing would “play during air raids. Was not very amusing.”
This realisation of my unhealthy relationship with fermented grape juice has crept up on me. I don’t remember exactly when the penchant began. Like many people, when I worked, I liked to come in from work at night and pour a glass of wine while preparing dinner. After the kids came along, it was "wine o'clock," that magic ‘me’ time after the little blighters had gone to bed and calm was restored chez nous, and I’d sit and watch TV, or read, with a glass of wine clasped firmly in hand. When I retired from work on ill health grounds, I carried on the habit. Hubby would come in from work - I’d already have a glass on the worktop as I prepared dinner - I’d get him a beer and pour myself a top up as we chatted and ate dinner. After clearing up, I’d pour another glass as the family sat down to watch TV. Three or four glasses said in context doesn’t sound excessive, does it?
Rum balls are pretty easy to make, and one of those things I associate with Christmas. I use whatever I happen to have on hand. It can be day old cake, cookies... various nuts, such as pecans, walnuts, coconut or hazelnuts.. cocoa powder or chocolate.. bourbon, if you don't care for rum. The rum and melted butter binds everything together, and those amounts can vary depending on the moisture content of the cake or cookie crumbs. I rarely add sugar because the mixture usually already seems sweet enough to me. If I were to add any, I would probably use icing sugar for these.
As for today, I tried so hard to control the tears as another first came around, Amelie's prep orientation.
6pm to 9pm
As for the title, surely there will be more ‘NO’s’ than ‘YESes’; however, who’s to say that it couldn’t? Not that it’s the best thing to do yet it happens. Manipulation is the most deceptive tool used to get something or keep someone from doing something. Something which causes a great amount of pain later once realized. Yet realization takes awhile in some cases and who’s to say a person would leave once they’ve found out the truth? Never say NEVER right? The word NEVER in the use of trying to ‘protect’ ourselves is ego talk at it’s best. We’ve said NEVER to many situations we’ve placed ourselves in prior to being in them; whether good or bad. And in the event of some of those situations, though painful, we stayed. Furthermore, at some point, we became the manipulators, trying to hold it together. There are even those persons whom may hate the way their marriages are going; yet on the contrary, if it’s going to keep them from being lonely, they’d rather stay; especially if there has been years of dedication towards building up the marriage. Relationships/marriages become a security zone for a lot of people, despite not perhaps having the feeling security while in it. And they really mean business when they repeat the words, “Until Death, Do Us Part”.
The Daily Postcard is taking a sabbatical for the month of May. Some time away from the computer will do me good, and I promise to return refreshed and with renewed vigor. I look forward to seeing you back here on June 1st.
hermeneutics transfers the content with the help of change of the formulation
This is not a minister’s “rant” on the demise of culture; rather, it is a thoughtful analysis of culture, influence, and the Christian’s responsibility. The tone is cordial. The assertions are gracious. The assumptions are limited and well documented.
The ordinary, everyday, normal lives of a bunch of ordinary, everyday, normal high school boys, Daily Lives of High School Boys was seemingly billing itself as male K-On!
I can’t remember what happened next in the exact order. I think my mom called the police, and then she told me to call the mother of one of the few friends I had in school. As proof of how seriously bullying was taken back then, the police showed up about 45 minutes later, long after my friends’ mom came, long after she scared them away.
The major media conglomerates are owned by the cabal and produce these “alien invasion” films for propaganda purposes.
Added a sepia type toning through some gradient mapping as well as trimming away some distracting elements and came up with something I thought worked as i imagined when I first began composing the shot in my viewfinder.
to pour its inky stains and crush my violet hope.
The cast comes out among us again, as the platform is wheeled away, and the lights and music convert the audience once again into a dance floor, all of us in unison, dancing to the beats of human liberty and potential. And then... in an unexplained phenomenon, it starts raining on the dance floor, nurturing, cleansing, baptizing us all, the dancing mob of people, all at one in our estacy!
The challenges facing our next federal government do not end there, of course. The next House of Commons must find new ways to protect Parliament, the heart of our democracy. It needs to reform its troubled equalization program without straining national unity. Relations with the U.S. are at a critical juncture. Any thickening of the border threatens to punish all Canadians, while negotiations over perimeter security have implications for national sovereignty and economic security. Wars in Libya and Afghanistan, climate change, Canada’s role in the world, the rapid and exciting change of the country’s ethnic and cultural makeup – the list is great, as is the need for strong leadership in Ottawa.
Left field, y'all. That's where this came from.
Overall, I am a big fan of Dior's Silver Lake. I am sure there are similar shades like it from other brands. However, I don't own very many silver/gray/gunmetal nail varnishes and this one is simply gorgeous on my nails. I get about a week's worth of wear time before seeing minor chipping on the tips. The fine shimmers in Silver Lake makes it not overly metallic or glittery.
Do you even have to ask for a rating? This is one of my favourite books of all time. OF ALL TIME. It might surpass Harry Potter for me, though I don’t know. They’re such different books it’s really too hard to make a comparison. And Harry Potter is connected to my childhood. Every time I reread them I always get all this nostalgia and other gooey stuff. The type of stuff everyone got when they were watching Toy Story 3.
Blessings on you, for keeping the New England aesthetic alive. You are a credit to your people.
A portable compressor, understood to have been stolen from a van in Salford, was taken by police, along with a quad bike, also thought to be stolen.
“If a man does not keep pace with his companions, perhaps it is because he hears a different drummer.
I also made a card using one of the tags..
That's $56.10 more for the Canadian to pay. Are you starting to feel my Canadian pain yet?
DX7 (29-01-2001) - Synthesizer that defined the sound of the 1980s. Interviews with Vince Clarke and Nick Rhodes.
It enriches,
I am surprised that Alex Aldridge, given his own background in moving into legal journalism after qualifying as a barrister, was so offensive – in the perception of many who took his article to be so. Aldridge has just been appointed ‘UK Legal correspondent’ for Above The Law – a good USA law satire and commentary site. Perhaps Aldridge thinks he will get ‘street cred’ by being edgy in The Grauniad and come from relative obscurity by tweeting? That would be post-ironic. Who knows..and who cares..if he is going to slag off lawyers needlessly?
For one thing, perfect people, or at least people we perceive to be perfect, are not loved by everyone. There’s always someone who wants to knock them off the pedestal and claim if for themselves. That person might be the hero’s friend. If the hero is perfect, he’ll spot this traitor before action is taken and eliminate the threat. No threat, no tension. No tension, no conflict. No conflict, no story.
Recently on a similar note I was reading one of my favorite blogs, swissmiss by Tina Roth Eisenberg. Tina wrote a wonderful post on March 3 about reaching a personal communication crisis. In her post titled communication crisis, Tina is burdened with guilt because she is unable to keep up with all the blogging, emailing, texting, tweeting, facebooking, and phone calling in her life and asks her readers to guide her in the proper communication etiquette. She knows she has to simplify, “less channels, more focus” but she doesn’t know where to begin.
22. Going to concerts and shows together.
4: “86s” are four periods of 86 days starting from the beginning of Libra and extending into the dual signs.
“I’m working a murder case. Everything is relevant. I don’t judge what kind of woman you are, Doctor. Honestly. I am only trying to establish facts. Friends and colleagues can mean one thing to one person and a something else to another. And then once you quantify it as a relationship, we are at another level.”
"I guess not". I say, looking down from the bench at her and smiling. I step off from the bench and stand beside her. She laughs again. "You are almost green you know?!"
