All in all, a breath-taking work - I would highly recommend it to foodie and film fans.
Even though this is a digital plan, I love the small bench with the rock at foot near the upper left corner. We'll add a bench at one of the fence lines, in direct site of the grass and the entire backyard!
Brown ground beef, onion and green pepper. Drain excess fat. Add taco seasoning and water and simmer for at least 5 minutes. Add tomato sauce and cooked rice and spoon into baking dish. Top with grated cheese. Bake at 350°F until hot and bubbly. Immediately before serving, top with broken taco chips.
Avoid cluttered sentences that are packed with so many words we don’t need.
Clearly the glass barrier is there to defend against irate customers who seek to "cuss out" the customer service reps as they act out against the corporation who cut off their paid television service. Since the cable boxes are directly addressable (per my difficulty in getting my unit provisioned and thus the multiple trips) they can CUT YOU OFF instantly when you don't pay your bill.
1 teaspoon fresh parsley, finely chopped
you know what i say is not what i mean.
Vanna Tour Dates:
I have to, have to, have to get some leopard print flats! I've looked and looked, but to no avail. I did, however, find a nice leopard print scarf at H&M. It's super soft, nice muted colors and only $8. That's Canadian dollars, which means you ladies in the States could probably buy one for $5. haha I tried to find it online to show you, sadly it's not on their website. Kinda strange.
I wouldn’t wish this amount of exhaustion and pain even on my worst enemy, but I must say it’s nice to be needed. To be the one my kids run to, the one that they rely on and turn to when they need to be held. I’m their mom, and I love that.
I think it's only appropriate that my first open heart letter is to Kim. I was fortunate that I could actually send her a similar letter before she died--selfishly, I needed her to know how much I cared. I share this letter with you now, with love and gratitude for having known her:
in that place where love died
In fact, it’s better to eat several times a day rather than go hungry and only eat 2 or 3 big meals.
Here you have some of the books I have used for information and inspiration.
Finally, I added my number stickers to label the current year, and there you have it a Planner Makeover.
Cook your bacon until its half done. You can fry, broil, bake or microwave it. Drain and set aside.
I have often wondered how things would have turned out for me had I actually gotten what I had specifically wished for – being released on 31 Oct 2005 instead of being sent to that glorious place of Pusat Serenti Gambang. There would have been elation, relief and excitement, that’s for sure. And I saw it on the faces of the other `lucky four’. But these would have been for an extremely short time. At least for me. In reality, there was practically nothing left for me then and this much-vaunted and desired `freedom’ was limited to just all those desires mentioned above.
(root_nsu1c308)@/etc # diff vfstab.prevm vfstab
“I have a tracking number and ID”
It’s a struggle sometimes to find something to talk about because, let’s face it, we want our blog posts to matter.
Tell me about the similarities.
Identify closely-related businesses and partners you deal with on a regular basis, especially those with similar or com­plementary missions, particularly in your region. Find out what they are doing with social media. Not only might this give you ideas for your own approach, you may be able to team up with them to help further your social media reach.
4.) His hotness. That cleft. That greying hair. Those big hammy legs.
You sound like you are very much into experiencing the “moment”?
What kind of story will you tell and how will you tell it? Do you want it to be understood by anyone? Then you can just say what you mean! Or is it a more personal or secretive story? Then you may want to hide the meaning somehow – use images or colors instead of words, cover up your words, use a code of some type – you get the idea.
HT
I am from above: . . .I am not of this world. Jn. 8:23
The rack of the word
Until the end of the 1990s, climate change was simply one more captive issue in the internal politics of industrial nations. The political role of captive issues, and the captive constituencies that correspond to them, is too rarely discussed these days. In the United States, for example, environmental protection is one of the captive issues of the Democratic Party; that party mouths slogans about the environment, and even though those slogans are rarely if ever followed up by concrete policies, environmentalists are expected to vote Democratic, since the Republicans are supposed to be so much worse, and willingly play the part of bogeyman. The Republican party, in turn, works the same good cop-bad cop routine on its own captive constituencies, such as gun owners and Christian fundamentalists, and count on the Democrats to act out the bogeyman’s role in turn. It’s an ingenious system for neutralizing potential protest, and it plays a major role in maintaining business as usual in the world’s democratic societies.
See, you don't have to do a challenge like this for another year (sure hope everyone participates next year - so much fun!)
North Coast Brewing Co. Old Rasputin Russian Imperial Stout
Too bad Benny Hinn wasn’t around back then. (If you type “regularly scheduled miracles” into Google, he is the first name that pops up.) Benny could have pushed Timothy over onstage in front of thousands of spectators and instantly healed his stomach problems without that pesky wine. (Of course, Timothy would have had to pay to park, wait in a long line at a big event center, dodge the numerous offering baskets, and sit through two-plus hours of droning repetitive trance-inducing “praise and worship music.”)
Another aspect of sharing is finding those other readers who may have understood it in same or different way. In this way a small thought evolves in different ways and takes on multiple shapes and can give rise to many new thoughts as well. When I share books with somebody, I am never talking about a single book. My thoughts are a mix of multiple books that I might have read thereby creating some unique combinations that I myself could not realize until I started sharing.
Button-activated Overdrive - Speaking of Overdrive, there needs to be a added acceptable way to actuate it while on vocals or drums. On guitar or bass, all you allegation to do is angle the controller, or hit the Aback button. Guitar Hero allows you to actuate Brilliant Adeptness on drums whenever you appetite by hitting the bang bass and both cymbals simultaneously. This can be a little anytime complicated, but it's bigger than cat-and-mouse half-a-minute for the next boom ample because you absent the blast alert the aboriginal time. As for vocals, my throat hurts abundant from singing tenor all night (I'm by itself a bass-baritone, and absolute few pop/rock songs are in that range), now you appetite me to scream into the mic at a complete time? Either put an Overdrive button on the Mic controller, or map it to any button on the 360 controller.
Dear Lane Cake,
Steel Erection and Stadia Installation
April 10th: Pray for sweet Emma. No one was sure little Emma would survive when she came to Sarah’s Covenant Homes this past fall. Thank God for the fact that she HAS, indeed, survived and has gotten a LOT healthier! She will never be anywhere near “normal” unless God chooses to perform a miracle in her, but pray that she will know she is loved. Caution: this picture is pretty graphic. The photo on the left is Emma after coming to the home, and the picture on the right shows the improvements she has made!
2 1/2 cup flour
her spirit would always soar.
Registration Outlets:
I use the kneader attachment on my Kitchenaid mixer for this. The dough must be kneaded for at least 10 minutes and should be a smooth consistency.
My escape route… Document not only my own thoughts but take on board the teachings of others.
I think it has to have been almost a year since I've posted on here, which is a tad bad. No, not just a tad. A lot bad. Excuse the poor grammar. Getting caught up in school (aka too many assessments) and work and other numerous things that make up my life has led me to neglect something I really enjoy doing.
3. Struts
Again, “You’re obviously very confused.”
The ship is sinking beneath the tide.
For those of you with time management problems in your work, read some of Paul Lima’s blogs on the subject. Here’s a link to one: http://paullima.com/blog/category/marketing-your-writing-and-other-services/time-management-marketing-your-writing-and-other-services/ Paul is a writing colleague of many years and I’ve learned a lot from him. He got me started on doing an annual business plan. (I just get carried away on what I can accomplish in a year) and has some sound advice. He is the Six-Figure Freelancer and the main link to his blog is http://paullima.com/blog/. And if you think he is all business, think again. Like me, he also writes short stories. And that is something I am not willing to give up. Ditto for my memoir writing and teaching in both those categories.
In the meantime, their territory is expanding:
I miss my son, I love my son, and my son and rainbow will always come before everyone!
Which lead me nicely onto a spring(y) dog.
I will post this now and then post the follow up (originally written two days later) to ‘The Evil of an Enforced Silence’, which I posted earlier today. I should warn any new readers that they might find the timeline of these postings confusing unless they know what’s going on, and they’ll be able to figure that out by reading ‘An Open Letter and an Apology’, which explains matters.
WHOOOOOOOSHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!
A: There is a culture in Japan for bouquets to be given to actors and actresses after filming has been completed, in recognition of their hard work. When the bouquets were passed around, the (cameraman) filming the making clip asked, “How do you feel now that filming has ended?” While glancing at the director, I replied, “If I had known earlier on that this was such a tough job, I would not have done it.” (laughs)
The problem with “Homosexuality” - Justin Lee writes openly and honestly and I really enjoy his thoughts. He raises some good questions here and I think they merit further consideration.
“If only I was better with computers.”
And touch the hearts of many
There are three types of pleats that I use: French, Parisian, and Goblet. I have French pleat in every room in the house, except the breakfast area, where I use Parisian.
I had never heard of Neom, but judging by their ‘luxurious’ products I certainly had high expectations. It had a strong scent of Lavender, Jasmine and Rosewood and looked very similar to the Molton Brown scrub. It was fabulous at tackling those stubborn areas but it was seriously slick. I would advise using it in the shower, and although far too oily for me, with a lot of residue remaining on my skin after use, I expect it would be heaven for those of us who suffer from extremely dry skin.
We were asked to decipher on our own a flower-adorned mess of brown wiry threads. We guessed Beef Cheek, but were informed that it was deep-fried shredded Beef Tongue, piled high on a dab of garlic and onion purée, and garnished with chive flowers. Tasty, and more dry than greasy – not disimilar to a good jerky.
Once it has matured, crush it,
Don't forget - we want YOU to play along with us! That means you have until Thursday, May 3, 2012 at 11:59 PM EST to add your direct link to our collection at the end of this post (or on the Stampendous blog). You do not have to use Stampendous products, but we sure love it when you do! As an extra incentive for playing along, one lucky crafter (drawn at random) will receive this fabulous Mother's Love Perfectly Clear Stamp Set. Available in stores now, it will be on the website for purchase soon!
Critics who view The Fly positively have made two points in its favor. One, it is an allegory for the AIDS “epidemic” of the time. I can how they think that. While I am sympathetic to AIDS victims, there is no fire in my belly over the issue, so the poignancy is lost on me. Two, the film played off the real budding romance between Goldblum and Davis. With that in mind, it must not have been much of a relationship. Considering Davis is now married to Remy Harlin, I think I have a point. Neither of these are selling points as far as I am concerned.
Please don’t get me wrong—this city mouse isn’t trying to romanticize “the land.” I think I was just excited to get back to a tangible Process. Can you build something from the materials you have? Will your contraption keep the critters out? And so on. It’s almost as if life feels like more of a process when you are engaged in a practical project. What can I say? I’m from Midwest farming stock.
From the site:
Will be paradise
Thanks to Little Bird Publicity, I have one copy of My One and Only giveaway, and let me tell you- you don't want to miss out on a chance to read it!
03. I Spy (For the FBI) - Blue Rondo A La Turk / 2:36
#17 Rosalee M
President Washington admonished us to observe moral behavior in our dealings with other nations. He encouraged our new nation to maintain good faith and justice toward all men. He told us to avoid long-term relationships and rivalry, and he warned us that attachment to some and animosity toward others cannot help but lead to unnecessary conflict and failed foreign policy. These views were shared by Thomas Jefferson, our first Secretary of State. Mr. Jefferson understood the importance of neutrality and equality when dealing with other nations.
Apparently the founder of Bird's Eye frozen food, Clarence Birdseye, was from Brooklyn. But this fella seems awfully outdoorsy to be from Cobble Hill, where he was born in 1886. He took up taxidermy by age five, and showing remarkable (creepy) resourcefulness, presented his mother with a mouse skin he had dressed himself.
1LB cooked, crumbled bacon
20. Kiss Off
So how are we going to pay for the cuddly toy moon landing project?
I hurriedly left and that was the end of that. God!!! Shouldn't everyone by now know the cardinal rule of being a bottom?
Wholesalers – Store, list, make things available, and follow orders and ship.
After lunchtime, Sieds cousins, the 14-year old girl and her older, 17-year old brother showed us around at their farm and at their old school. That is pretty much what is to be seen in Sers. There were a lot of teenagers practicing football at a gravel field by the school, whom I joined spontaneously. They had never ever in their lives seen a hot blond girl playing football. In fact, almost no girls play football in Tunisia. At least not in Sers.
Restaurants are evil.
For those unfamiliar with the scene, author Chetan Bhagat had made an issue of the credit the movie-maker Vidhu Vinod Chopra gave to Chetan’s book for having adopted its storyline for the movie. The creditline should have been bigger, bolder, and more prominent, said Chetan Bhagat. The film-maker, on his part, held Chetan got more than his due. Director Raju Hirani had apparently re-worked the story so much that what viewers saw in ’3 Idiots‘ didn’t relate to what they read in 5-PS.
I stupidly
They concluded that parents were often outsmarted by their web-savvy children and felt unconfident in updating and downloading content filters. Many parents were ‘oblivious’ to the type of material available on the internet and were often shocked when they realised the content that children were accessing.
All that we see or seem
Here is the published timetable for the day: -
IKR?
Tracy Martin
Well, that old farmers’ remedy had some drawbacks too (and this is why some of those good old organic remedies are just as toxic as the chemicals, by the way). The leaves also spread tobacco mosaic virus to susceptible plants, and thus this new chemical formula was born. Better living through chemistry, as the company’s motto says. Or something.
Though his lotus-like feet are worshipped by the wise who see salvation.
Troma's ascendancy came largely throughout the mid-1980s, well after Mother's Day, and this is the first thing the latter-day viewer needs to be aware of right away: the film is absolutely not characteristic of the company's future work. And this, like the film's unconventional plotting, is almost entirely an accident of history that this should be the case. Even so, it threw me to come in expecting a snotty, over-the-top parody and get instead something as nasty in spirit as this, even though the sprawling redneck caricatures of the main villains certainly puts the film within the wheelhouse of Troma's later work, for the artless broadness with which they are presented, if nothing else.
Each participant will be sent 10 tickets in the final packet. Please return unsold tickets in one envelope and all purchased ticket money in a second envelope at registration. If more tickets are needed in advance, just let us know.
JCK did everything wrong. First she feigned ignorance.
Three quarters of Americans are concerned about pink slime and more than half have changed their eating habits as a result, but Taylor’s FDA and Vilsack’s USDA are doing everything they can to keep pink slime in the food supply unlabeled.
Anyway, today’s the day. When I get home, I’m coming out to my parents. Though, I’ve decided to not use the letter and just tell them. I’ve been feeling more confident about it lately, so I don’t think I have to worry about breaking down. And I actually have a place to stay if worse comes to worst, thank God for supportive cousins.
I'm back in The Session, after two unfortunately badly-timed months where I missed it. This time it's on the theme of Beer and Food, the baby of Captain Hops at Beer Haiku Daily. And...I thought I'd do something by way of a salute to Stephen Beaumont's latest "Taste" column in Malt Advocate, in which he praises the early drink, admonishing us not to giggle at the idea of beer with breakfast.
My typewriters lost their prominent place and are no longer in exposition like they used to in the old house. We've decided to change some of the decoration and now some of my favourites are yet in exposition but the rest are all packed in their cases and stored in the last shelf of the bookcase...
One of the better recent examples of this last odd habit can be traced in the media response to Daniel Yergin’s latest broadside against the concept of peak oil, framed in his new book The Quest. I don’t propose to argue with Yergin’s claims here, as that’s already been done elsewhere in the peak oil blogosphere. What’s interesting to me is that Yergin has made a series of highly public predictions about future oil production rates and prices over the last decade or so, and to the best of my knowledge every single one of them has been wrong—not slightly wrong, but wrong on the grand scale. His 2004 prediction that the price of oil would shortly stabilize at a plateau of $38 a barrel was so widely publicized, and so decisively refuted by events, that some peak oil writers took to calling this amount of money “one Yergin” and noting how many Yergins a barrel of oil was bringing on any given day.
It is March now.
Each week we will have one or two people to join us, who will be spotlighted as our special guest/s designers for the day using one of Marina's fabulous images that can be found at The Stamping Bazaar Store.
Starting to plant was more than a little daunting; the area isn't much smaller than the back garden in Hampshire! Fortunately* the plants I had were spring flowering so the left hand side of the path is destined to be the 'early' bed and I will put summer flowering shade lovers on the right.
Of course, I am using the phrase bank robbery to refer to a specific type of heist, a uniquely ambitious form of breaking-and-entering: tunneling into a vault, dodging security cameras, picking locks, exploding whole walls or doorways, not merely handing a note to the teller and walking out with sacks of money.
If you follow God's words, have faith to believe.
Be sure to pop over to Sassy Studio Designs Blog to see what creations my Sassy Sisters have created as well, and to enter your Christmas/Holiday with Sentiment project into this weeks challenge =)
It still has a little bit of perfume in it and smells wonderful in the room.
Did you know it's impossible to ever get a couch to look as good as it does in furniture catalogs? The corners want to wrinkle and sag and the time it would take me to make you think I had the perfect couch far exceeds the amount of time I'm willing to spend on it. So here is my saggy, feathery, couch.
The first Monday of the festival, and I celebrated by seeing four films. That's right, I celebrate Mondays by watching movies.
Meanwhile place 2 figs per person (quartered) into the syrup and warm until figs begin to soften.
Though similar in effect to all of his other painted black and white photograph interventions, Richter’s Uncle Rudi, 1965, for example, has just enough symbolic registers (that uniform, the cocked hat) to complete a number of humanist goals—the reanimation of repressed history, the acknowledgment of a terrible truth, the ability to get at real historical meaning through art, accomplishing what neither the photograph nor a straightforward representation of the photograph could have done on its own.
Big Shrimp’n offers lunch at ARM, 150 Rose Orchard Way, San Jose 11:30-1:30p – Milpitas SE Dinner -KEEP IT SHRIMPN-
Pages: 224
humble posession untill I decide else, not
Here's wishing you the bluest sky,
A great language student will strive to replicate this environment as completely as possible. To learn from many different sources will help you to maximize the amount of neural connections you make and retain every single day. The Japanese words and phrases that feel the most natural for me are the ones that I picked up by watching a Studio Ghibli movie or hearing in a song I really liked shortly after learning a new word.
"High speed cameras and things, goodness gracious!" No idea where the two blokes surrounding Jimmy now are from but he says they're DJs, "taking the bread out of my mouth". One of them is wearing a T-shirt reading 'DON'T SHOOT ME, I'm only the DEE-JAY". The other one is wearing a suit, bears a resemblance to the singer from Young Knives and, credit to Bob Stanley with this not least as he's got a book and column to write and an impending album to promote yet is still taking the jeweller's eyepiece to this thing every week, is wearing a safety pin attached to another safety pin through his earlobe. It almost constitutes a watershed, that. The scowling plays out again before Boney M, again, finish a show featuring six new entries, none featured, and five songs in the top ten. Back to shows longer than thirty minutes on original screening next week. I think this tableau from the closing link about sums this week up...
For better response to your questions/comments (as you all know I'm terrible at commenting back and I'm SORRY!!), follow me on twitter HERE and I promise to be better at responding!
just secretly edible roots
It was supposed to last until Tuesday. They all had to flee on Sunday night, because they were about to be arrested by the Swiss.
The Iron Cross – Craig Herby
We continued down the river and had five or so additional crocs put on a show for us. The last croc, that was named Bogart, was the oldest (about 70 years old) and the biggest, and even though he was missing three of his four limbs, he still came up out of the water to get his lunch. Obviously, these crocs have learned the routine for eating every day.
‘You cannot change the rules that way, because then the gambit would have been illegal. You have to change the rules so that the gambit which changes the rules is itself allowed.’
Truthfully, I thought this would be a much broader tradition. If you ask me, a tiara worn by every family bride is the best wedding tradition of all. Just from a practical standpoint, a tiara will last a whole lot longer than fabric will. Plus, you can wear them at other occasions; be romantic whenever you want. You can't really wear your wedding veil to a state banquet. I mean you could, I guess, only the men in the white coats will stop you.
Her pastor asked the congregation if they ever have those moments where they can just FEEL that something greater is at work. It could be a fleeting moment, but you just KNOW there is a greater power putting the pieces together. He said that some people call it chance, some people call it coincidence, and some people call it fate, but he just KNOWS its God's hand at play. Then he told a story about his experience and his big "moment" where he just knew what had happened was "meant to be".
Three days earlier, he'd played to a packed house at the 2600 seat Boston's Symphony Hall, where seats were around $100.
Leonard Pike (1887-1959), "Going to the Circus" (c. 1940s)
For that crushing piece of information she now wants five dollars.
"IT'S NOT A BAT!"
It belongs to you, you know.
Robert always said 'if anything happens to me, you have to make sure the kids get my money,' but Prabhu produced a letter from the sister saying there was no provision made.
Did this recap seem particularly angry? I apologize. I'm sick of everyone on this show, and I can't hide it. However, I have great hope for next week, when Kelly doesn't show up to her own Halloween party and pisses off not only Bethenny but Mama Jill. Oooooh! It's going to be GOOD (it better be).
It’s like new mothers who can’t stop talking about Precious and her pooing, and colic, and vomit, and solid food, and teething and nappy rash and… yawn. “Wedtastic” lasts from ‘yes’ all the way through to when the professional photos arrive, and then some. At this point The Groom wonders why he hadn’t asked her to marry him sooner because now he has a serious amount of leisure time. Bride wants him to be involved but realises after Groom purposefully screws up that he’s better off playing golf and going fishing. Groom then likes to throw in the patronising ‘well it’s your day’ caper. Now if my fiance (my hypothetical fiance of course) ever said to me ‘well it’s your day’ I’d personally insert a nice carat diamond where carrots usually reside in particularly anally retentive folk. Surely that phrase negates the whole purpose of the wedding? I’m prepared to accept that my birthday is my day but weddings are not about a bride in a pretty dress.
I think of all of the hundreds of dollars that I’ve wasted by buying clothes that don’t quite feel right. I think of the dozens of pairs of shoes that he has kicked and screamed about. I have thrown out piles of socks that just didn’t have the seam in the right place. Getting Jeremy dressed to go anywhere, is a struggle nearly every singular day.
I cannot believe the speed at which business now changes – literally by the hour. In order to truly succeed over the long term no longer can I be just the idea guy. I have to understand how this stuff works.
Frank: oh thanks Republicans for the
My neighbour Brenda and her son Rick probably have no idea how they've been affecting me lately. You see, they got a new puppy three weeks ago and whenever they walk by our yard they always stop for a chat and visit so that I can have my "puppy fix". There is nothing like a new puppy's snuggles to brighten my day!
Well, I'd only ever had a couple of fillings when I was younger, so this was a new experience for me, and one I shall not be having again. (Hopefully). The injection was fine and lasted for 6 hours, though this left me unable to drink properly without feeling as if I had a hole in the side of my face. Also, as I had to pick up the Kerrang! magazine (for my daughter) from the local shop, I became conscious that my face was lopsided, and my need to appear happy with my lot was lost in my tragic smile/grimace. When I got home I looked in the mirror and it was all good; parallel but numb.
Before we get started with a new month of challenges, I have an October update and an introduction. Remeber you have until Saturday night at 10 pm EST to play along with all of the October challenges to increase your chances of winning one of two sponsored prizes.
On to the follow up on the thyroid nodule. The nuclear scan showed several "cold" areas. A cold area is where the iodine/radioactive juices didn't take... a non-functioning part of my thyroid and/or nodule. I don't know which, the scan was of both. I was told that about 20% of "cold" areas actually turn out to be cancer. So, the next step is a biopsy. They are going to take samples of multiple areas. I meet with the surgeon tomorrow so that's about all I can catch you up on. I will, as always, share away once I know more. If you are new to my blog and want to follow the thyroid/weight loss from the beginning, check out these previous posts:
He responded with, "Yes, of course. The moment the kids were born, I couldn't remember life before them. It's not even a question."
Psalm 119:3… “Happy are those who obey his decrees and search for him with all their hearts. They do not compromise with evil, and they walk only in his paths” (NLT).
in his suffering for the salvation of the world.
Thanks for your support!!
Ink: Adrionack
However, I still have faux bamboo on the brain and so I thought I'd share some of my latest pics from my Pinterest folder called, funnily enough, 'Faux Bamboo'.
What is it, exactly, what do I want? It is about me now, right? What do I want for me? We all seek for happiness, it is actually easy to have, the hard part is when you have to find what makes you happy...
BUSY ENTERTAINING TIP: I made the batter for the cakes and I made the ice cream a few days before a dinner party. All I had to do was bake the cakes an hour before the party. By the time I served dessert, the cakes were still warm and gooey on the inside.
Jesus still comes today, in your direction, within your reach. He is passing by you today. Will you merely bump into Him, hoping something rubs off Him and onto you?
Yeah… I don’t think I ever saw him again after that.
I am thinking here of a whole bunch of formers: prime ministers, finance ministers, inspectors general of police, CEOs, the list goes on.
少女の歌
At the closed-door briefing, ISI chief Lieut-Gen Ahmed Shujaa Pasha is reported to have told MPs that he had offered his resignation after the Navy Seals raid, but had been turned down by the army chief.
The Caps had two power plays in short succession in the middle of the third. They failed on the first, but needed just four seconds of Richards’ holding minor to cash in for the winner. Nicklas Backstrom won the offensive zone draw back to Ovechkin, who skated the puck to center point and fired. Caps winger Troy Brouwer screened Lundqvist in front, and the puck had eyes.
Simply Grammar
Reserve, and a Chinese triad member.
(I have a teenager)
We are the living graves of murdered beasts
My breasts don't hurt as much since stopping the progesterone, but it hasn't impacted the nausea. I am trying to make myself drink water, even if it makes me feel sick. I started having dry heaves just writing that sentence. I better go lie down.
2. Carroll sees Krauss as having screwed up badly when he dismissed philosophy in his post-book statements and interviews. I, too, find all the philosophy-bashing on my site and on Pharyngula (P.Z. also posted about Krauss’s philo-bashing and subsequent not-apology) regrettable and indefensible. Yes, I see some forms of philosophy as unproductive exercises in mental masturbation, but a good dollop of it is interesting and, yes, useful to scientists. Here’s how Sean concludes his piece; I’ve put in bold the part I like, because, of course, I agree with it:
Work is good. She was a hard worker. After her stroke or whatever it was in 1964 that rendered her right side essentially useless for the rest of her life, she learned to use her left side and became the fastest left-handed typist in the history of the world. She worked for the same attorney for almost 40 years, never made much money, never took vacation, rarely called in sick, and gave more than a day’s work for a day’s pay. I never heard her complain once. She was grateful to have a job. She also encouraged and allowed us boys to have jobs at very young ages. I have her work ethic ingrained in me.
My favourite stand....and shop in the world...Papaya......unfortunately I didn't buy anything :(
she has always been up high
Bring me southern kisses from your room
The lack of government intervention into such an obvious assault on property rights speaks volumes to its complicity in the scheme.
Then come undone.
Age Group: Young-adult
2. Whisk wet ingredients, pour into dry mixture, and stir just until combined.
Turns out that my cousin and aunt had let the place fall into such a horrible state that the apartments were threatening to evict them if they didn’t clean the place up. I accept the invite and offer my help. They are family after all…
So aside from the multiple usages of the n-word, what exactly is it about the book that provoked such a strong black revulsion? (And I do not mean to imply with this question, of course, that I think all black readers respond to the book in just one way.)
Apparently any feelings of death or dying are appropriate because that is precisely what is happening in some regard – we are dying to yet another layer of the self-created illusion of who we “think” we are in order to become who we truly are. Over the last several days I have had folks in my world expressing a sense of not having direction as how to create the next step in their lives. With the cosmos ready to enter its own state of flux it is clear that long term decisions are not to be made. Nothing is feeling in true alignment at this moment, so tensions and frustrations over a lack of clarity over direction can be quite high. What we can dwell on and move with are the rewards of such cosmic challenges!
After a full day of rafting Sunday morning presented the opportunity to bungee jump above the Nile River…I had an internal debate going with myself for a couple of weeks! And Sunday morning just didn’t quite seem like the time for me but several of my friends went and Henry took this awesome video using his Go Pro camera!
"And thus we see how great the inequality of man is because of sin and transgression, and power of the devil, which comes by the cunning plans which he hath devised to ensnare the hearts of men."
Per the Craft and Hobby Association, it was created in 1994, and designed to help people learn more about and/or rediscover the art of crafting. Over the years, it has grown into an international celebration of creativity in every aspect of crafting.
We worked a lot on steady beat, as well as STARTING and STOPPING together! What wonderful listeners we had! (I think they liked the CHEERING after we broke from our rest the BEST!) Find something that shakes or taps at home and continue to sing our little instrument songs!
Have you ever seen a Death Certificate that featured a BIRTH NUMBER?
From the freezer - A recipe using up an ingredient that is in our freezer
… to share photos from the blizzard that swept through the midwest last night.
What if this pain that I keep having, and that is getting more painful, really is cancer? What if I die in another year? What if this is all my life amounts to? What if I never get the relationship, the marriage that always meant so much to me? What if I don’t get to be who I wanted to be? What if this is it? And I die only having lived this little? Not having lived anywhere close to what I wanted to live?
The market is sponsored by the Friends of the Columbiana Library and the City of Columbiana. All proceeds will support programs of the Columbiana (AL) Public Library.
So that’s my wish for you all for 2011. Be merry.
Most of the doo-dads, anyway.
We laughed a lot. We told stories. We still burst into tears at different times, depending on the person, but it wasn't all crying all the time.
MARISOL: Eternal Sunshine.
2 – If anyone using your email service is unfortunate enough to get hacked, there is no way to get help from you. No phone number, nothing.
Add to this the growing secularist move against organised religion as an acceptable use of one’s time. Only last week I was told organised religion is a magnet for all kinds of undesirables. On the one hand, I want to have a church which isn’t afraid to offer community to those on the outskirts of society. On the other hand, it should be open to everyone, and be able to welcome anyone.
I, along with many others in the blogosphere, have been enthusing over Fantagraphics newest Disney project. This is to reprint all the Gottfredson Mickey Mouse strips and if that was not enough cause for celebration then the second prong in their intent to share the best Disney comics with as wide an audience as possible their plan to publish all of Carl Barks legendary Duck comics. Starting this autumn/ winter with a collection from the peak of Bark's creative output with stories from the 1948-49 era including such classics as Lost in the Andes and Race to the South Seas. The latter story was hellishly rare as it had only been available as a March of Comics giveaway and until the stories were reprinted firstly by Russ Cochran and Bruce Hamilton and then later by Gladstone, this story used to command premium prices amongst collectors anxious to see one of the pivotal moments in the Gladstone, Donald relationship.
I've learned that it's okay to lean on your friends when you need to. I'm very independent by nature, and I like it that way - but sometimes you need a little help to get by, and I've learned that it's okay to rely on others sometimes.
Last month, News International took the controversial step of withholding its monthly ABCe figures for its entire portfolio ahead of Times Online erecting a paywall next month. But despite the move, News International “continues to work with ABCe” as members, under the proviso that its sites must be publicly certified at least once within the next year, as stipulated by JICWEBS – the UK committee that defines the auditor’s standards.
Have you tried either of these cookbooks?
All I can say is Manuel who died in 1986, Danko who died in 1999 and now Levon are jamming in Heaven and it is rocking. With an audience of fans and Dick Clark MCing asking them to Rate A Record and no doubt the answer will be a 98.
2) I come from a very blended family. I have 5 full-blood siblings, 1 half sibling, 2 step siblings, 1 adopted sibling, and 1 deceased baby sibling.
ME: I'm having problems with this stupid voice menu! Can I talk to an actual person? Do you have any of those there???
Knowing 2008 has brought us our every desire!
Lifespan: 9+ months.
Thomas Cranmer was the first Protestant Archbishop of Canterbury under Henry. He brought in new forms of worship and created the liturgy in English, using his gifts as a translator. He arranged for an English translation of the Bible to be provided for every parish church. Once Henry was succeeded by Edward, Thomas was able to bring in more reforms. He wrote much of the Book of Common Prayer. He also wrote the Forty-two Articles which eventually became the Thirty-nine Articles as we have them now. When Mary came to the throne Cranmer wrote a letter of submission to the Pope and Roman Catholic doctrines despite his Protestant beliefs. Mary did not believe that the submission was genuine and had him arrested. He was burned at the stake in Oxford on 21st March 1556. As he went to his death he withdrew his submission saying, “I have sinned, in that I signed with my hand what I did not believe with my heart. When the flames are lit, this hand shall be the first to burn.” Once the fire was burning he held his right hand in it until it burned away.
Paul had learned during his three apostolic journeys that it must be the will of God if he expected God to bless. That is why in all those discomforts and set backs he took it as of the Lord. If God be for us, who can be against us?
My Lord Scandal was a delight to read with the sensual characters and interwoven plot that pulls you into the world of forbidden love and the consequences that go along.
Mr Van Zyl was stopped by a JMPD official on his way home .He was requested to produce his drivers licence which he did.He then checked the car registration number and compared it to the cars number plates .The JMPD official claimed that the vehicle was stolen and despite attempts by Mr Van Zyl to explain that the discrepancy was due to an error in the issuing of the token by their licensing department the JMPD official refused to believe him and threatened to arrest him and accused him of being a criminal and fraudster and that he would be impounding his car.
tales vanillas will hear... and stay away.
But also ask yourself – is your client charging on to their client? Has your client done this before? Has the client given the shoot enough attention to guarantee its smooth running? Did they send the best qualified people down to the shoot?
She gasped when the man holding her mouth released it but didn’t have time to call out for help. He pressed his fingers into her cheeks, forced her mouth open and tilted her head back. Her gaze snapped to the hooded man’s hand. He held it above her and drops of blood trembled on the edge of his black glove.
All fotos by Will Van Dorp, who reminds you that unlike the farm tugs I put last month, these boats might already be back on the job this evening, Labor Day weekend notwithstanding.
Fate may have been even less kind to the monument than the birthday. At least the latter reflected the ideological struggle over the ideas at the heart of the man and his legacy. The problems surrounding the monument are the result of pure dumb luck, or, as the case may be, just a whole lot of dumb.
Just my two cents. :)
CHEMICAL REACTION!
-”Hearing that will surely break your mother’s heart .”Her sister told her ,after the mother retreated to her room to take rest.
But first – I had to find him. When I stepped out of the shower, he wasn’t in the room, and continued not to be there as I changed, put on sunblock, put on makeup, and wandered around the room a few times, waiting. Eventually I went downstairs and found him in the library/cafe area, reading the newspaper and ESPN online.
If you'd like to you have a medical issue you'd like awareness brought to please link up. I thought it might be kind of different to do a medical awareness type of blog hop. I only ask a couple of things. You state that your not a doctor somewhere in your post unless of course you are a doctor. Then I don't care what you do! Two if you'd be so kind as to link back to me that would be awesome. I think if this goes well this week I'll do it again next Thursday. Any thoughts or feedback would be appreciated. If it goes well I'll try to have a button for next week also. And third I dont' really care if it's a rant, a rave or just informational. I know that when your dealing with a medical issue (and I use that term lightly because I think we all have some type of issue or another) sometimes you need to do all three to get the word out.
Ross said, "I miss his creativity. He's a hard worker. He's funny and incredibly smart and he likes to make people laugh. I think this thing is not him. I really don't think it's him."
2. Microwave the cardboard painting on high for approximately 30 seconds until the paint puffs and it’s all nice and dry.
I’m Still Standing
The Smurfs is a cartoon that began in 1958 in Belgium, originally published by cartoonist Peyo in French. The cartoon is about a race of little blue people that live and work in a little community in the woods. In the Smurf’s society, there are no economics and the whole group functions without currency or trade. Instead of money, each Smurf works for the betterment of the group and is named for what they do, such as Brainy Smurf and Farmer Smurf. The Smurfs all wear the same white shorts and hat so that none can be considered an individual, except for Papa Smurf, referred to as the “father” of the clan- not the leader- who wears a red hat and red shorts. Seen as a wise figure, he guides his fellow Smurfs to share and contribute to the rest of the community. The Smurfs also have an enemy in the woods, an ugly, dirty, hook-nosed magician named Gargamel and his pet cat, Azrael (coincidence?).
Tory figures describe Feldman as likeable, friendly, extremely bright and unassuming. He skis regularly, enjoys yoga, and owns another house in Andalusia, southern Spain.
A climb half way there took me up to almost 6,000′ so by the time I was over the NE’ly facing slopes of Garbh Bheinn just south of Kinlochleven I was still nice and high.
He made up his mind to bring his sister home.
HT: Matthew Lesich
Thanks to The Broken , I have been blessed with the gift of listening in a deeper way than I could have ever hoped for. Although the show closes tomorrow, I still will hold that sound design with delight and thanksgiving, attempting to allow the sounds of Papua New Guinea, Dubstep, and O-shen to wash over my spirit and douse me with an attentive set of ears.
How was she to know that her own husband would become a man worth millions, 70, to be exact, and then unexpectedly die, for four minutes and eight seconds, but then come back to life and find money meaningless? And want to give it all away? Michael does exactly this, but in doing so, wants to prove his love to Julia at the same time.
My next "Partners in Crimp" team meeting is this Wednesday evening (Nov. 17th) at 7:30 pm at my house. Let me know if you'd like to attend and see what fun you can have as a demonstrator!
Session Two: The Digital Photographer
And it is. In a wonderful, overwhelming, all-consuming way.
So I have a lot of catching up to do. These are my most recent designs that I have finished, I hope you like. Please visit my awesome clients and check out their fun unique blogs!
What
Apple clearly defines 'work' as "any book or other work you generate using this software." It's the book Apple cares about – the final product the program generates, not the content you put into it.
Rich Cocoa Ink - Memento
IUZQE Blog (iuzqeblog.wordpress.com) is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC and Amazon EU Associates Programmes designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com, amazon.ca, amazon.co.uk, amazon.de, amazon.fr, amazon.it and amazon.es. Certain content that appears on this website comes from Amazon Services LLC and/or Amazon EU. This content is provided “as is” and is subject to change or removal at any time.
sticky gun-shot fingers.
I wished he had beaten me longer then.
Misery is what anarchism condemns
Not sure..
A copy of Microsoft 2010 (value $119)
Sliders – Grilled Mahi Mahi Sandwich, Legendary Burger, Legendary Turkey Burger
and to shatter in turn my last reserves.
ROB might get picked up. I’d prefer to see WHITNEY renewed for ten years.
So naturally, the next game, there I stand, alone on the court, facing down four strong dodgeballers. I back into the corner, and I get ready to catch. I take a deep breath, hunch down, spread my arms for the oncoming slaughter, and pray.
The results of this process have been mixed. While adjusting to living in a new country was, for the most part, exhausting, it was also a fantastic distraction from the people and activities I missed. But, as over the past few weeks I began to develop mindless habits and routines, I also started to feel trapped in the city. I realized how much I missed small, seemingly unimportant things like cycling, UW classes, or Thai food, and I couldn’t seem to replace them with Chilean equivalents. I don’t mean to imply that life had been monotonous – two weekends ago by chance I met the local cycling activist group, to my knowledge four members strong, at a dubstep party. The following week I turned in my first paper written in Spanish, which, given that I write roughly a page every three hours, took quite a while to complete – but instead that I had been starting to feel normal yet in a manner that was slightly lacking.
While the thirsty travellers availed themselves of several of Ben Kraus’ splendid brews the bus drivers drove the convoy to Latrobe at Beechworth which, despite being no more than 10 minutes walking distance from the brewery, took us half an hour, 2 laps of town and a visit to the Information Centre to locate. I should have led us off. Once the group was checked-in and the luggage dumped en masse in the closest room, the drivers headed back to Bridge road Brewers to begin the Bus Drivers’ favourite game, “Catch Up”.
Chrysler ended up being ordered to pay Kearns $18.7 million plus interest. The Supreme Court rejected Chrysler's bid to overturn the award in 1995.
And now back to our regularly scheduled programming. Watch out for tornadoes out there. If the sirens go off, at least check out the window to see if there’s a ugly green skinned woman with a black hat riding a broom stick…
Is it worthy to bind on earth against another human? What satisfaction we take out of it? A satisfaction of our Ego but what about our soul? Continuing binding it will give us unrest and the Spirit will examine us. Do we like to live a restless life or we prefer peace around us and within us?
Coconut Milk – 1 cup
- Ballistic nylon skins offer durability and elegance similar to high-end luggage
Now if you are taking allopathic diuretics please do not shout ‘Eureka!’, throw them into the bin and start drinking dandelion tea instead. You need to be sensible and seek advice from both your GP and a registered medical herbalist.
"Eight Miles High" may well be the most perfect classic rock/pop song ever recorded. Feel free to name a better one if you can. (If you think "Stairway to Heaven" or anything by Michael Jackson is better, you're banned from 2 or 3 lines FOREVER! I mean it -- go away!)
Friday: We met my brothers at Pearlridge to look for a gift for our father. He turned 52 yesterday. We got there early, ate dinner, and looked around. Madison asked Lynnette a billion questions while we were in Sephora. It’ll be a sad, sad day when I come across Madison wearing make up for the first time.
Early attempts at film in the 20s and early 30s revealed Allen’s limitations as a performer, but in radio, his verbal acuity found its perfect medium. Along with Jack Benny (with whom he created broadcasting’s first running “feud”) Allen became radio’s top comedian. His radio career spanned 17 years, with The Linit Bath Club Revue (1932), Town Hall Tonight (1934), and finally The Fred Allen Show (1939-40), as popular for its cast of regulars as it was for Allen himself. Among the most popular denizen’s of Allen’s Alley, were Titus Moody (a stereotyped Yankee) and Senator Claghorn (on whom Mel Blanc modeled Foghorn Leghorn). The most astounding fact about Allen’s long-running series is that he wrote nearly every episode by himself – a feat surely unequaled in broadcasting history. Then, in 1949 the inevitable happened. The Fred Allen Show was famously clobbered in the ratings by a game show called Stop the Music. The disparity of the two shows, and the way Allen’s program was abruptly dropped is often used as a benchmark in the descent of American culture, a way station on the way to the sewer, as Gilligan’s Island, Jerry Springer and Jackass, each – for some – later marked low points.
And then he put the other one up - I was playing with the kids so I missed my opportunity and I'm sure that even though it was Mother's Day (hence I should receive some special treatment), Aaron would have given me the evil eye if I asked him to undo something just so I could get a picture.
Round other bends on the mountain roads we see weatherworn women wearing thick colourful tights and porkpie hats – the traditional costume of the central highlands region.
The leading English newspaper "Daily Mail" reported:
1.Everyone Tuesday
As far as the holy ones in Daniel 7 being Jews, I could agree, but since this application shoots far past the first century down to the resurrection of the holy ones there is a qualification that has to be made. We know that GOD’S holy ones, includes not just natural Jews but Gentiles as SPIRITUAL Israel as well, spiritual Jews. In fact the reference to the holy ones in this context does not take place until the “conspicuous horn” arises after the fourth beast, which is Rome. These holy ones then are completely within the time period of the Christian church.
“I’m a slow walker, but I never walk back.” (Abraham Lincoln)
Learn about separation systems for the commercial biotechnology market broken down into major segments of liquid chromatography, centrifugation, membrane filtration, electrophoresis, and niche separations. Learn about important technologies, and the latest advancements in the industry and competitive environment. Company profiles are provided as well…
Freegan Likes: Straight dumpster dives like a mothatrucka. Girl gets into everything.
“In Southern California, clearing out the ‘excess fuels’ that have resulted from past fire suppression, and reconfiguring the landscape to create more firebreaks and other barriers to fire, would have been expensive but feasible,” said Robert Nelson, professor of environmental policy at the University of Maryland.
oh my Allah,i promise not to make that mistakes again.
(1) A buyer for the shares of each share owner is guaranteed.
I paused a moment to process what she had said. It was clear to me that Jill knew things I didn't, so I started to ask her the question that's been on my mind more than any other. But before I could get the words out, she knew what I was going to ask.
Inside the house, she sat
Imagine if this had started the album proper, and not Side B. Makes me wonder how differently history would have treated it.
if she were alive and healthy.
1) Fill a bobbin with singles.
Hint : I didn’t use these colors just like that !!
Next, 2 finished designs by my sweet friend Tanya, aka The Sampler Girl.
Here’s the next one in the batch. I wanted to use a slightly wider palette of earth colors for this one: In addition to my base palette of Rublev Ercolano Red, Venetian Red, Blue Ridge Yellow Ocher and Lead White #2, and Da Vinci Magnetite Genuine, I added Da Vinci Hematite Violet and Arizona Brown Ochre, and Winsor & Newton Burnt Umber. All the earths are natural except the WN Burnt Umber, which as has been discussed is likely synthetic. The violet shirt is done with the Violet Hematite, black and white. (Cool that that’s a natural earth, huh?) The “blue” shirt is just black and white.
It's all better now, and to celebrate, I'm giving a 10% discount on order from now until 17th August 2011, yay! Just enter CD1011 in the code box at checkout to get the offer.
OK So blended in with these pictures I want to tell you a list God put on my heart. You see lately with lots of changes happening in our home- moving, temporary housing- a few of them!, buying a home, finding a job, settling into that job, finding a church, settling into that church, volunteering at our church, getting the foster/adoptive life group going, finding our new normal, bringing home Michael, getting things figured out for him, again finding a new normal, etc.....welllll......it is a bit draining to say the least!!!!
No, children, Mags cannot afford ACL fest this year. Mags does not have $130 for a three-day pass, plus parking, plus beer money, plus fried fatty festival food money.
to be
Venue: Johanneshovs Isstadion, Stockholm, Sweden
“Man’s desire for the approval of his fellows is so strong, his dread of their censure so violent, that he himself has brought his enemy within his gates; and it keeps watch over him, vigilant always in the interests of its master to crush any half-formed desire to break away from the herd.”
Much love, SM.
Sat.-Sun., Oct. 21-22: North by Northwest Oktoberfest — We always enjoy this one. I don't think I've fully sung the praises of this brewpub nearly enough. Their food and beer both are excellent, and this event always has a nice strong bock (among other choices), tasty German food, polka bands, and activities for the kids. Any event that lets me drink beer while my kids have fun is a good thing. Which leads me to my don't-miss event of the year …
This, in essence, is what Muhyiddin Yassin said.
1 interventions
I honestly do give thanks every single day for the most important things in my life - God's most precious gifts - Charlie and my little family, my husband, Ryan, and our parents and families. Also, good jobs with employers who care about us as individuals in addition to devoted workers, a safe home to live in, all the necessities and many luxuries, friends we love, doctors who are knowledgable and (mostly) compassionate, and more.
“Why don’t you catch more fish than you need?” the rich man asked.
"Marseille today. Decided to wear my shorts. Turned cold :-P"
Where do you and I have to go to pray? Today we are looking at Acts 22:17. Paul is speaking to a great crowd of Jews in Jerusalem and is recalling one of his several visits to the centre of Judaism. He said,
Thur - Restaurant Style Lettuce Wraps. These taste like that certain restaurant we all know and love. Heat and eat
Then, onto the night owl. Last night, Audrey was up until 12:15. Tonight, I am hoping that she is down for the night at 10:30. I nursed and then topped her off with a few ounces of a bottle. She snuggled in with her silkie blanket and fell asleep. I am convinced that she is a night owl just so she gets time alone with Scott and me.
Happy Valentine Day ML...
1/4 walnuts chopped fine (we left out the nuts)
The Tribunal found Craig Whyte guilty on three separate counts under Rule 105 and fined him £50,000 in respect of each breach.
Seriously, what am I doing? I love love love this color, but I still don't know. We are going to put wainscotting on the bottom half of the walls and paint it a crisp white. This blue green color will be on the top half. I am going to live with it for a couple of days and see. Does anyone else have committment issues when it comes to paint? ARGGH!! Have a great weekend!
-Hairstyles-
i am so THANKFUL i have Karen and Caitlyn with me - my prayers are with the other families hopeing everything will be OK - God works in mysterious ways - and i can only hope that a happy ending someone comes from this most tragic time!
“Oh for heaven’s sake–!” Schuyler exploded, startling them both. “What do you want us to do? Fall on our swords in remorse?”
IP: No.
Yesterday’s wanderings led me to the bottom of a forest ravine. I stood at the edge of a deep trench where brown churning water flowed by with a force which demanded attention. But what caught my eye instead lay on the ground only feet from the drop-off. A large patch of liverworts hugged the ground.
Oh beautiful chair that costs £810.
I also got a hair brained idea to make a 365 blog, you know where you take pictures daily and post them. Um yep, we'll see how that goes, as I can't seem to blog here daily. If you wish to visit my 365 blog, you'll have to email me through the contact me, since it's by invite only. I do post pictures here and there of my kids, but since this will be full of pictures I have chosen to keep it private.
4) If price is not at a profit-taking level, but has not dropped to a buy-in level, I place a buy limit order at 99% of the last buy-in level. Just one. If it drops more than that, I’ll apply (3) and (4) the next morning.
As is typical with online articles relating to beer at such websites, the commentary by readers that follows blathers on and on over the virtues or lack thereof of various craft beers, the "crapitude" of mass-market beers, etc.
Time is running out, register now!
04 Baba O'Riley (6:11)
Casual outfit for walking around in the mall. I love these ripped jeans/leggings because they remind me of the Murua jeans :D I took this while waiting for my boyfriend to finish shopping (and apparently I was caught since the guy in the upper left is looking lol). My sweater is actually all cream colored but the lighting changed the color.
Is hanging fire in the fir trees,
Personal Linkedin Profile
We were both spending too much time looking for information.
And there we have it, a sweet girly card . Hope you find a little inspiration in this.
I had a CP request for the Water-full products, so when I saw the set available at JDC Duty Free at Jeju Airport, I decided to grab it since it came with a good discount and I had wanted to try the Secret Programming Essence anyway. The set allowed me to fulfill both my CP request and get a product I’d wanted to try at a discounted price. Win-win situation!!
The collection will be available on 4 October 2012 in 140 stores worldwide and online.
Edge of darkness
I am thankful for that banker for giving me this book as a complimentary on our project and added that we were her #1 customer. That HELPED....:))
-Aaron and I celebrating 11 years of marriage.
The Backyardigans gang – Pablo the penguin, Tyrone the moose, Uniqua the purple-spotted creature, Tasha the hippo, and Austin the kangaroo – are five high-spirited preschool friends whose zany imaginations are whisking them on yet another epic adventure!
Along with Kathy's polenta I served this with a yummy, colorful pepper ratatouille. Also from the Silver Palate.
Add to the angst that I've lost 5 pounds, and I have a weekend of eating out ahead of me. I feel pretty confident at this point that I can be sensible, but I worry that I'll lose my mind and go rogue with a hot fudge sundae. Or lemon merengue pie. Mmmmmmm.... wait, where was I? Oh - so you see that if dessert's on the agenda I'll have to excuse myself, go up to my room, and take a shower or something.
The wigged, raged, did radtastic behaviors, and we are all still breathing.
Happy Slap Boutique present a world of fairy tales and mischief full of secrets to explore and discover, keeping the entertainment going all weekend. Bump into Jack Sprat, a narcoleptic Sleeping Beauty or climb up Rapunzel's hair and witness their take on your classic fairy tales. Performers will be traveling around the festival doing walk-about performance where it’s least expected with music, song, dance and ridiculousness.
I’ve given up trying to find a reason
Anyways, have a look at Sophi's Super Cozy Quilt!
¼ cup cornstarch
Birthday parties up on some land their daddy has..
“Oh, how sweet it sounds from your lips. And your name, ‘Joseph’, is the sweetest name for a man that I ever heard. ‘Joseph’……’Joseph’. Does it sound sweet from my lips?”
Another bloom set to drift,
Which is a pity, because this year's off-off-year election has a lot of the meat and potatoes of government. City council members. Schools boards. Medical commissioners. County Offices. Local things. The guys who are going to do stuff that you're going to gripe about two years from now.
the bank.
2 The Way 3:35
Were my eyes not big before, did my fat face swallow them or something?
This weekend I walked out to Hilbre Island off the Wirral coast.
Also, Katie's writing moved swiftly, making this a novel that was easy to fly right through.
The Globe was released as second single from the album, including remixes by Danny Rampling (tracks 1 & 2) and The Orb (track 3). Rush is remixed by Mark Plati.
Leggings: Mandee.
Flanagan’s essay approaches the question of class and the reaction to Amy Chua through the lens of the admissions processes in Ivy League-caliber universities. She conjures for us the image of the ‘good mother,’ the professional class woman who has cut back on her career aspirations in order to nurture her child(ren) into the world. The good mother, Flanagan writes, has “certain ideas about how success is life is achieved.” These ideas are built around the notion that if they deeply support a child’s natural talent the rest will fall into place.
Assault on Black Reach dreadnought, captain, tactical squad and terminator squad
Placing the preschooler on a chair, standing at full height, is designed to be provocative, emphasising how big he is rather than his vulnerability. Anybody who has a 3-year-old (or 4 or 5-year-old) knows that children at this age can seem terribly grown up one moment and so very young the next. That is why many children this age will still seek out a bottle, dummy (pacificier) or thumb. They still seek the comfort that breastfeeding provides, whether or not they actually receive this comfort at the breast.
Here we have an outstanding minimal synth rarity which comes out of Greece. The Flood was composed of a whopping seven members, but you would never know it by the minimal electronic nature of the album’s delivery. The members used no less than eight different types of synthesizers for this album – Roland Jupiter 6 / Yahama CS60 / Moog Prodigy…to name a few on the list. There are both female and male vocal arrangements throughout. For the active minimal synth vinyl collectors out there, this should be top of mind if you don’t already have it. There’s not much more to say about this electronic gem… Out of print pressing via CVR Records, Greece.
I have studied the intricacies of the Liberal Democrats for some time, and there many fascinating questions which still remain unanswered. Indeed, when we consider the dramatic changes which lie ahead and realise that events beyond their control will force them to reassess the very fundamentals of their beliefs and the principles which they have based their whole existence on, there is only one thing we can be really sure of.
One client had a large house with a rather small entrance hall. We put a pair of double glass doors opening onto the garden directily opposite the hall door. The result was with out extending the hall felt infinatily larger.
Some who were already in an LRT station to return home were chased, arrested and taken to narrow alleys to be beaten up silly.
I love him and am so glad he is my partner in life.
The Timeless Tuesday Challenge FTTC136 this week is to create a girly card. Well, this card started out really girly in my head, but after changing out the paper I was going to use for something else it didn't quite turn out as I had originally intended. Still very happy with it though.
Sharifi, the judge said, had driven from his home that night in December looking for a victim.
Until God’s Holy Spirit regenerates him, right. As Jesus said, “Except a man be born again … .”
Then, on one tired night midway through the game as your character staggers to bed, you find yourself thinking. The message comes up again, exactly as it does every night. But this time, you start to wonder what that message actually means.
So I don't have much to offer tonight.
Wojick's has a tractor/wagon ride that was Silas' favorite. He would have liked to ride it all day long. There's also a corn maze. And they're open at night, in the dark. Spooky! We'll be heading there tomorrow night if the rain holds off.
I was impressed that Doctor Reno isn’t like other scientists and tell the Navy Seals to not harm or kill the dinosaurs so they don’t screw up history. If the dinosaurs threaten them the Seals just open fire and if Dr. Reno had a gun he’d be shooting too. It also was pleasant that there was no grudge against the doctor from the team that was stuck back in time and hate him throughout the movie. I believe the doctor being the dad from “Family Ties” helped his cause, no one can be mad at Mr. Keaton.
The Potala Palace is made of two main parts, easily distinguished by their color: the Red Palace and White Palace. The two are joined by a smaller, yellow-painted structure that houses the sacred banners hung on the exterior for the New Year festivals. The rooms inside the palace are identified by numbers as well as names.
Tuesday morning we made up for our long day on Monday by driving only 99 miles. We spent the night in Eugene, OR at Armitage County Park so that we could meet up with our blogger friends, Donna and Russ. We all enjoyed a late lunch at Papa's, a very fine pizza and salad bar restaurant. Donna and Russ volunteered to come and pick us up and we accepted so that we could leave our car attached to the motorhome. Thanks, Russ and Donna! It's always a pleasure to get a chance to visit with you!
On April28, 2012, Ipoh , together with 50 over cities around the world has also joined in the Bersih 3.0 global movement to call for a clean and fair elections in the country. It was a peaceful gathering here, there were no untowards incidents, minimal police presence, people were in good spirits and it was all a very friendly atmosphere. When i arrived at the field, i could hear people chanting " Bersih! Bersih!, looking at the crowd, i think it was probably 2000 of them and maybe more, people from different races, young and old, mostly wearing yellow. I'm glad that this year the rally is also being held in this small town here, enabling people for certain reasons that couldnt make it to KL, to show our support to Bersih by making our presence here. There were a few speeches made followed by singing the national anthem, 'Negaraku', everybody stood up and boy, i felt i was getting a little emotional and actually getting goosebumps on my hand. But it was a good feeling.
Drop one by one slowly and carefully into the oil. Fry 3-4 (depends on the size of your vessel) ambodes per batch.
Feet up.
A tense victory over Edinburgh in the semis booked the province’s first appearance in the final since they defeated Colomiers in 1999, and this is a team more than capable of repeating those heroics.
"No, he was probably doing about 35..."
I reached the hospital in what seemed like an eternity and parked. As soon as I stood up my consciousness swayed. Colorful dots started to swim around in front of my eyes. I crumbled to the floor. My body felt like a ton of US history books. But still I drug myself farther. Death was just a breath away. I flopped to the floor as my world spun and turned into blackness.
I take out my cell phone and start texting. Anybody. Dumb shit too like, ‘what’s the weather like over there’ or ‘lady gaga’.
MA: Now, look. Imagine you're Lupert Murdoch (the Sunday Times has confirmed Wendi calls Rupert 'Lupert'). What's the one thing you would have done, or not have done, in handling this awful phone hacking crisis?
"NO! Why would you do that?!"
Went for gynae followup checkup this morning, glad that everything was fine – uterus had contracted and that wounds are healing well. Phew. Next checkup at 6 weeks later, will include pap smear as well.
I decided to start researching all I could online and through books and the scriptures and was amazed at what I found. My focus was on modesty. My focus for so many years has been on pleasing the world in my dress – with my hair, my clothes, and my makeup. I wanted to “fit in” and be trendy for such a long time, and I am ashamed to say that I followed many of the horrible trends of the past. I liked the attention from others – and found myself drawing farther away from my Heavenly Father as I focused more on the material of life and my own self than the spiritual and
.....one big almond eyed beauty...
The other Hideki - Irabu - also did not turn out quite the way everyone imagined, but the man just passed prematurely, so I will not speak ill of the dead.
Live in me, make your home in me just as I do in you. In the same way that a branch can’t bear grapes by itself, but only by being joined to the vine, you can’t bear fruit unless you are joined to me… (John 15: 4)
Cilaos is famous for its mineral springs which are used at the Thermes de Cilaos centre for thermal baths and other treatments. This is water coloured by iron oxide, thought to give the water beneficial qualities.
11:30 We set out for the market. The car is making funny sounds. It’s choking, Megan says. The car sputters and dies. SH suggests that maybe something is wet. (Did I mention that it is pouring down rain in Rabat and the streets are flooded? This is not a city designed for water.) The car tries to start but it won’t catch. SH suggests that it might be the fuel pump, in which case not only are we not going to the market, but Megan and Steve face a major repair on a car that they need only until June and SH and I no longer have transportation to the airport.
The water is still flowing in the river,
“It’s fine. I’m sure you have your reasons.” She looked away and brushed her gathered ponytail of light brown hair from her shoulder and let it bounce behind her. “You’re in the nation of Geldbane, specifically between the Great North and South forests.”
Fortunately the officers were cool about what I had to say because despite what I said about being prepared to be arrested all I could think about was ‘These are the feds. I am going to wind up in Guantanamo Bay being forced to eat a cock meat sandwich.’ Thanks a lot Kumar. With those thoughts in my head I conceded to their demands and showed them my pictures.
Professor Branestawm called us into his workroom earlier today.
“You told me that already. Why is she with you? Why now? I rush home, thinking you’re dead, and you show up with another woman? What am I supposed to think?”
There are twelve people who have reached this goal: Shawn Michaels, Triple H, Kane, Chris Jericho, Kurt Angle, Eddie Guerrero, Rob Van Dam, Booker T, Jeff Hardy, John “Bradshaw” Layfield, Christian and the Big Show. The five that can get it now are: The Undertaker, William Regal, Goldust, Mark Henry and R-Truth. Go ahead and see if I missed an asterisk, I’m completely right. You have to have held the top title, a secondary title, the tag title and a tertiary title, and it made sense to me why the Big Show cried when he won the title at Wrestlemania. On one hand, he finally won solo at Wrestlemania. On another, he became a Grand Slam Champion. There were only six more that could do it before he accomplished the feat.
It is good to remember that our faith begins with God’s character. Without God’s trustworthy promises we can have no confidence. Had Abraham lacked confidence in God’s promises, he would have been overwhelmed with “why” and failed to obey. We can obey God because God is trustworthy. Whatever you’re struggling with today, know that God is truth. God is love, and God is faithful. If he says that your tithe – and your obedience to it – will net you blessing, you can believe it. When he says that training up your child in the way he should go will net benefit, you must have faith and believe that he’ll take care of his end of the promise, you just worry about your end of the bargain.
Enjoy the rest of the weekend.
They're also asking for more unusual stories, and especially humour. Avoid relationship break-up stories and present tense as they've had a glut of those recently. Read the latest issues (and remember the Fiction Special is available on Kindle these days) to keep up to date.
and grandparents who adore them!
the dudes.
Alex has a "girlfriend." A sweet girl named Macy has become his buddy. She feeds him, reads him books, holds his hand, and just loves on him. He has started to be part of the group more and more, and I frequently find him right in the middle of story time or sitting with someone playing with a car. Today he was sitting next to another little boy in a rocking chair. I think he is feeling more comfortable in his skin!
I have a confession..
So the only thing worth going to the Caribbean for would be the food. Caribbean food is a fusion of many cuisines including African, Ameri-Indian, French, and Spanish making, making it deliciously unique. Given its temperate climate, the Caribbean produces an astounding array of exotic fruits such as passionfruit, guava, cherimoyas, and coconuts which feature prominently in both sweet and savory dishes. And their beloved jerk seasoned meats and fresh fish, are often accompanied by two of my favorite foods: plantains and black beans.
Your relationship will not always be picture perfect and whether you like or not, problems will come along. Having a relationship problem does not necessarily mean that your relationship is doomed, but it does mean that more effort will be required to keep it together. Most couples ignore their relationship problems, hoping it will go away on its own, or they make up but never discuss what happened or find ways to prevent it, which is why many couples suffer from chains of problems. Some problems will be easier to handle than others and it often helps to get professional relationship advice. A huge amount of people have found expert advice helpful and useful in improving their relationship and finding wonderful ways to solve their problems and avoid future similar troubles. Tackle your problems as soon as possible so your relationship can get back on track and continue to improve.
I can't wait to use them!!! These are probably one of my favorite gifts that I've ever received. It was so thoughtful and so sweet that she would make these for me.
6 moment
So on a bright but chilly Autumny day last year I did. There were Deer, noises, funny slogans and sayings such as a phrase written across a cupboard door saying I couldn’t sleep last night and various other exciting bits. There were also security guards. All the shots you see so far in the blog aside from the first one – were taken in Autumn last year. I wanted to give a sense of the place, something I only captured slightly today. Everything else now is from today!
I will be taking a break, as a few weeks ago I fractured my right elbow, and busted the bursor. Anyhow, it aint getting better, and it is bloody painful to use the mouse, or pretty much anything.
it’s the hap-happiest season of all.
First I should clarify, my name is Terence Cardwell. I spent 25 years in the Electricity Commission of NSW working, commissioning and operating the various power units. My last was the 4 X 350 MW Munmorah Power Stations near Newcastle. I would be pleased to supply you any information you may require.
This is an opportunistic attempt to make this blog more widely read by inserting a picture of a cat. Two pictures of a cat should be very appealing. The Internet and cats are closely linked. It’s unlikely that YouTube would have become so popular without all those videos of cats doing charming things. Well, possibly the high quality content may have found an audience above the audience for feline frolics.
Our curriculum is designed so that in first grade, our six and seven year-olds research the Pilgrim's experiences and perspectives, focusing on the religious persecution in Europe which motivated them to board The Mayflower. Their hearts longed for safety, for worship without boundaries. So they abandoned their communities, and material security, and safety to cross the Atlantic. Desperate. Desperate to connect with their Maker at any given time, in any place, in any way.
Two ballot questions
Shari Sloane's website, www.kidscount1234.com, has lots of calendar book pages that you can download free! But since the better clip art is usually copyrighted, she had to strip most of it off, so you may wish to add some of your own or eventually recreate your own papers with your own clip art. I personally started with her copies, and then gradually created my own as time went by. The ones that I have posted for you here today use only the artwork that I drew myself, so the copyright issue is not a problem for me.
I feel I have lost my summer and am dreading the winter weather coming round so soon.
6. Serve hot with paratha, naan, or tandoori roti.
Butterfly border: Tim Holtz
PS 58 Schoolyard, Carroll at Smith
These people dream of sustained protests on the streets that eventually drive away tourists and worry investors.
By the time I was sixteen or so, I began staying up all night with a notebook, scrawling “solutions” to what I felt were all the world’s problems. Needless to say, I wore myself out with this. I was expected, during this time, also, to be interested in boys and I was not in the least, in fact, I felt an attraction to one of my female friends. In the early 80s, in the suburbs, this was quite taboo. I did eventually meet some other gay friends but they were unhappy with being gay (one described being gay as “getting on the wrong train and being taken far out of your way”). This friend, however, noticed the severe depression I fell into the summer after I graduated from high school; I could barely function and could not eat or sleep. It felt as if my brain were stuffed with cotton. My adoptive family was away for the summer and they had never expressed much concern for me, anyway, even much earlier in my life. This friend brought me to his home for dinner so at least I would have a good meal and got me out of bed.
Tears for Fears Shout UK
this week i got to work with the absolutely fabulous picture from LINDA and WILLIS.
Not to be too graphic, but the "feeling" that men get, must be a WHOLE LOT better than what women get, because I doubt very many women would even be tempted by such a trade off.
Splash of oil
-God has revealed Himself through both general and special revelation (general-to all people in all places at all times in nature, history, and human conscious and condition; special-to particular persons in particular places and times).
So it goes with the fairy tale. I can only pray that nothing will happen on April 28, or any time in the future, because Malaysians are a peace-loving people. But, if something does happen the way I am reading it, know this is a plot by some masterminds working behind the scene. It has been foretold.
Wait, scratch that. Actually, I instruct martial arts four nights a week as well as a full time job in the hospitality business.
We spent the rest of the weekend together lounging about with Paul, who’s really cool and has an incredible imagination. We talked about all sorts of metaphysical shit and Paul told me to “always trust the universe.” I like that thought, although sometimes I think things need to be taken into one’s own hands. Paul, who’s an English bloke, also taught me lots of British sayings such as “knock your tits off.” He also called me a “rum chick,” whatever that means.
Later when we were doing some evil shots of Jameson, due to fricking Southie ordering them up a couple times, just after Rattner downed his, he darted into the bathroom, so we think he may have thrown up. Still, he kept right on drinking as every good regular should.
And I find myself back at the altar,
Eugene’s location is one of four for the Portland-based company.
People who've been to my house know I hate having things on my fridge, but we've found the best place to keep this is on the fridge. In December 2006, I wrote a post about how our fridge would most likely always have something on it but obviously I didn't listen to myself.
We could see the front in the distance, so I hastily got my kit ready and stuffed a sandwich down my throat and took off at about 1120. It didn’t take long to get to about 1000′ above takeoff, then it was a case of exploring along the ridge and into wind to find a good climb. By 1145 I was up at 3,500′ with Martin and Richard Bungay, and then half a hour later after a couple of small climbs and one really nice one we were passing Andover to our right.
It was quite clear to me, even as a young child, that my mother did not like being a "homemaker." She truly hated housework, and did as little of it as she possibly could. She did like cooking, especially baking, and she loved gardening. When my parents bought their first home in 1955, my father constructed a raised bed that covered more than half of our huge backyard and had a couple of tons of top soil trucked in to fill it. Mama had grown up on farms among farming uncles and older brothers. She raised tomatoes, beans, carrots, spinach (yuck!), corn, artichokes, rhubarb, and many other things in our garden.
The blackberry, raspberries and strawberries are showing plenty of healthy new growth and leaves. The latter also have lots of flowers. A week or so ago the comfrey hardly had leaves but look at it now.
We wait for awhile longer when the girls we met up with are like heeeey we have a room at the hotel. They decided to go back and change into pajamas while we were waiting. So we all head over to the hotel. On the way back to where the busses are we see Johnny walking back to the hotel. When we get back over there J Dog and Da Kurlzz were outside. DK was talking to a group of people and J Dog was on the phone.
Contents:
I must admit that had I not read this well plotted novel about life on the high seas I would have been very much ignorant about the Navy (the shippies) as the author endearingly calls it.
Chanél, Jaime, Chandler, Jordan, and bare unfamilar faces ran towards the yardies, boxing each of them in the face. I felt safe.
Since Stephanie died, I have not been to downtown Frederick more than twice. Both times were related to my divorce. In my mind, Stephanie and downtown Frederick are all twined together. She lived there, off and on. She was mugged there, which led to the events surrounding her death. Her car was impounded in a garage there, which charged $1600 to get it back and would not let us take a look inside to find out if there was even anything in the car before making Paul pay up. She held jobs in downtown Frederick, like the one she had at the British foods store. It was in that store, while I was waiting for her, that I giggled over the name "Spotted Dick" for the first time.
Faithful longing
Speaking of projects, next week I am having some friends over for this month's Crafting Night. We decided that we should do something for Valentine's Day. I know, I know - it makes me crazy too that as soon as Christmas is over, there's Valentine's Day stuff everywhere. It's the life of a crafter - always looking forward to the next holiday/season and reason to create! I decided to make a nugget box/card ensemble. Do you remember nugget boxes? I made about a million of these 5-6 years ago and haven't done anything with them since. Can you even still buy nugget boxes? I guess I need to find out...
I was less impressed with myself after this second reading, but there was still some positive feedback. The young woman had been having considerable difficulties with hormonal issues, and so far no form of medicine had helped. And while she wasn’t thinking of getting pregnant anytime soon, Betsy had already seen a baby in her future.
I am loving the few new paper packs I got from Memory Works! I love Simple Stories and Bo Bunny! The very top pack in the pic is SS called Destinations. I love the colors!
The Color Me Creative Design Team has a secret!!! Today we are hopping along to wish our fearless leader (Oh gosh Tinahhhhh…fearless leader? What the heck….Is this Star Wars or something? Who are we Jedi? LOL See Su this is Tina (BANANA)’s fault I would say lovely and darling LOL), Suzanne Dean, a VERY happy birthday!!! Suzanne is the owner/creator of the Color Me Creative site and, as many of you know, teaches her Copic classes online and on the road! She is one busy momma and we thought we'd take time to wish her a happy day and hope she gets to sit with her Cherry Coke and donuts (ya, a fav combination of hers!) and relax a bit today and enjoy the hop!
Then the guilt from my ignored responsibilities grows so large that merely carrying it around with me feels like a huge responsibility. It takes up a sizable portion of my capacity, leaving me almost completely useless for anything other than consuming nachos and surfing the internet like an attention-deficient squirrel on PCP.
If you want to practice righteousness then repent of your sins and Believe in the power of Jesus’ blood to take away your sin.
The point I’m trying to make here is that we can’t rely on the government or Corporate America to guarantee us any kind of work. It’s the kind you create for yourself that will guarantee financial stability and prosperity, it’s free enterprise that is going to put this country back on its feet. Now we just need to spread the word- who’s with me?
During the May 10 edition of The Five, co-hosts Eric Bolling and Greg Gutfeld had this exchange....
10 In The Dead of Night
Ok, so our challenge today is to bring it back --- wayyyy back to the year you graduated high school. What do you remember most about that year? Was it school? A trip you took that year? A major event that occurred? Let's scrap it or make it our inspiration for another crafty project!
Blessed sister, beautiful one
It behooves me to point out that this set is a colectors’ edition that costs $700. I’m basing my review on PDFs, but I have seen the set and, as is the case from their budget line through their most expensive catalog items, Taschen does not skimp on production values. I was not familiar with Van Lamsweerde and Matadin’s work before, and I can’t in good faith suggest you run out and drop half your rent money on a photo book, even if it is a Taschen. But if you’re in one of the better bookstores that carry the Taschen line, stop and give this striking collection a look.
Another square card. I quite like this size and shape... a bigger "canvas" to experiment with. I like the shabby chic or vintage look of the quilted heart (papers from a craft magazine). I've added a button and embroidery thread.
I’m flat on my back in the pleather recliner and I turn my head at the sound of footsteps. She enters the room, safety goggles down, mask up.
'It did sting. It was really painful. But bearing the pain is part of the competitiveness .'
which, in my mind, illustrated a few of the dangers alternative education movements can encounter as they grow, and also some roadblocks to a greater role these movements can take in transforming the world. The article describes 26 Floridian homeschoolers participating in a graduation ceremony, saying that “just as more home-school families now join co-ops offering weekly field trips and chemistry labs or use the local public school for sports, band or a class, so too do many of them embrace all the trappings of graduation season.” While I don’t want to deny parents the joy of seeing their child participate in a ritual marking their entry into the world (especially given the overall lack of rituals we have in our world), I hesitate when I see alternative education taking the same path that alternative music took in the 90s: a different surface aesthetic, but fundamentally following the same model as what it was ostensibly supposed to be an alternative to.
as long as there’s a phone
“Co-operative self-management by workers will come. But, it can only realise its potential when the working class controls the economy and when planning for its own needs replaces production for profit.”
There are certain weight watcher pens that I like. The Le Pen is one and that's really all I can think of now that my heart has hit the caffeine induced targeted rate for the day. But generally I like my pens fatter (and usually full of drippy ink.)
Myra: What is it? What's going on? Why don't you want to team up?
“So how come whenever I suggest covering up your gray you always look aghast and refuse?”
It’s gotten so bad the Matt and Jake’s piano teacher now expects one or both of the boys to be sick on lessons day. Yesterday she told me that she’s beginning to think there’s something seriously wrong at our home. Maybe molds.
But back to the crazy rock story. And I'm not talking about something some wild rock and roller ever did--those antics would be conservative and logical compared to the Los Angeles rock.
Pre Tan Skin Polish £15.00 Peptide Tanning lotion £17.00
...whose screen name is Jajaneko. :3 I do watch the lolita groups on DA still, I just haven't had the time or money to invest in lolita fashion for myself since I left home. This girl's dress designs caught my eye!
Celebrate with your fellow Adventurers at a private feast while enjoying traditional Irish entertainment. This extravagant dinner party caps off a week of extraordinary experiences!
Tsuritama ep. 3
The Homer case could revolutionise job adverts by outlawing the terms “graduate” or “degree-qualified”, in much the same way that “enthusiastic” and “energetic” are words that are rarely used by employers for fear of being accused of looking for only younger staff.
~ Become a follower of this blog and leave a comment with your email address. Tell me the title of your favorite children's book!
I’ve stood on the side of broader equality for– the L.G.B.T. community. And I had hesitated on gay marriage– in part, because I thought civil unions would be sufficient. That that was something that would give people hospital visitation rights and– other– elements that we take for granted. And– I was sensitive to the fact that– for a lot of people, you know, the– the word marriage was something that evokes very powerful traditions, religious beliefs, and so forth.
I feel the pearls of spring rain…
I had decided to do a 10km run on the running machine, and I was part way through when this guy got on the machine one over from mine and started really pounding along. The displays were angled so that I couldn't see how fast he was doing but he was hitting the deck really hard every step and I was worried that he might be Better Than Me. This worry increased as time went on and he didn't stop - usually people in the gym do about 5 minutes, so my hour long run is enough to see off almost anyone. My concern turned to irritation when he started making moaning noises loud enough to get past my iPod headphones, and to outright annoyance when he started actually shouting at himself. "Come ON!!!" he would shout every couple of minutes. I could't see how fast he was going so I took a leaf out of Fatipuff's book and put on my best "Game Face" and just hoped he would stop before I did. I was really concerned that this git would run faster and/or further than me.
And it’s about the problems of communication again and knowledge transmission in the culture as a whole, because like so many others, I’ve created a scenario where all the cell phones stop working. No internet. And no internet basically means no books for most people at this point in time. So there’s a kind of nostalgia rising that I’m not entirely comfortable with. Also, though: no news. So most people have no idea what’s happening. Nearly everyone is in the dark about it.
Perhaps I should have been more specific.
Through the constant reminder that the "Jew" is always the ones suffering and that the Bible promises them a "promised land" … coming from a bunch that don’t even follow or live by the Old Testament, but are truly the seed of satan proves just how callously evil they are.
Just wanting to pop by quickly today and share a little project that I did for Mothers day.
Holder complied by confirming that “the power of the courts to review the constitutionality of legislation is beyond dispute” while insisting his bosses comments were “fully consistent” with that principle.
We loved the Forum, too. The Roman Forum is where you look at piles of rubble and try very, very hard to imagine what they looked like a million years ago (I may be off on my math there). There are lots of tourists wandering around squinting at rubble, and turning their travel guides upside down and sideways trying to figure out what they're looking at. If you sit in one spot very long, you hear many different theories about the exact same pile of bricks.
15.Five O'clock
When I was a child, I asked my mysterious European-born maternal grandfather what he did at shul (synagogue). He said he counted his blessings.
PLEASE CLICK ON THE IMAGE TO VIEW IT LARGE
“Love?” I swallowed a lump on my throat,
Feel no guilt as we head into Mother's Day and know that you are mom enough.
I had promised the kids a 'special' lunch if they behaved themselves at the doctor's, so off we went...only to have both of the girls fast asleep when we arrived. A speedy lunch, a sprint through Target to buy new shoes (quite frankly, we had reached the point where my children's footwear made them look distinctly unloved), a trip back home to collect new pants for the Mouse (who had wet through her nappy - thank you Tupperware, for making a drink bottle that holds more than a Huggies), and we were off to Sange's.
bcoz in giving we are preparing to
Kano State, where the number of divorcees is cause for concern, the government is acting as matchmaker to help ex-wives and widows find Mr. Right.
Creative Steps Magazine is one of THE best children's (ages 0-11) activity and learning magazines I've ever had the pleasure of viewing! Unlike lots of other child-related magazines, this one is FULL of activities to do with children in different age ranges.
And besides, I won’t know what will be proposed until I know. So why worry?
....so the next step is to cut some strips from the swatch and gather the two long edges using a needle & thread (I use about 2 and a half strips for the large flower). My daughter made me the flower centers using some bling from the Bo Bunny's Buttons & Bling packages and some seed beads.
1T acid (lemon juice or distilled white vinegar)
Today an award-winning actress and activist turns 86 years young. Still going strong and looking great, let’s celebrate Cloris Leachman. Born in Des Moines, IA, she majored in drama at Illinois State University and Northwestern (where she was classmates with Paul Lynde). She launched into early success in pageants, winning Miss Chicago and competing in Miss America 1946. From there she moved into her acting career.
1/2 c finely chopped pecans, toasted if you like
So hi there! I know I kind of disappeared there for about awhile. I cringed when I saw my last post. All I can say is sorry. We have been very busy in room 105. Author visit, Poetry Coffeehouse, and of course reading, writing, and arithmetic. I will share just a few things.
Shame on me!
I added a large vine that I created by a feather stitch wandering about and then I added ribbon stitch leaves to each arm and then added gold bead caps with gold pearls for flowers.
Before I could recover, she spun on the heel of one overpriced tourist sandal, and was gone.
you will miss not miss the mayo or chicken in this baby. I promise.
This is also a great chance for me to work on some writing. I am writing about a poem, written by a Canadian in WWI--In Flanders Fields is the poem by John McCrae--here is a link to a video about the poem at http://www.histori.ca/minutes/minute.do?id=10200
Here are a couple I've got done..
Not surprisingly, I approached it exactly like an academic paper. We were asked to blog about TV episodes, and I took it very literally. I actually took notes during the episode to keep track of characters and every plot twist. I wrote about three drafts before I was satisfied, but still had no idea if it was anything remotely close to a blog (of which I had read about 3). But it was not as difficult as I expected it to be, and I realized that I could relax my writing and do without the 3 revisions (which was good, because after the first week, I didn’t have time for that anyway!).
5. Five points become Three
That was suppose to be our 24 hour practice day away for the next weekend… when we had planned to take a trip away for 4 days and 3 nights.
That UK Climate Change Unit (UKCCU) was launched on 6 April 2011, with the press release informing us that this cross-government unit would deliver the UK's climate change goals in a vitally important context.
8. Application Integration – The MFT should provide commands and APIs for interfacing with your applications.
So he’s pretty cool-sounding guy. He offers classes/foraging trips every weekend and most are priced with a suggested donation of $15 for four hours. In September (a few days after my birthday) he’s giving a tour through Prospect Park and I think I’ll be there.
tho i didn’t start reading RG VEDA i already saw the OVA which was awesome, but it’s an old OVA xDDD and ashura is soo cute x333
Islam is still Arab culture, how can it be not when Arabians invented it?
I feel like God has really been working on my perspective lately in my alone time, in my conversations with my Sweets, and through a book called Crazy Love that our Sunday school class is reading right now. I want to share a little bit about that with you and how it affects this blog.
*Hemp Seed Is A double Edged Sword Of Relaxation&Paranoia
Heat up wok and put in the butter. Add salt and pepper to taste. Put in the nutmeg powder and lettuce. Switch off the heat and stir the lettuce for a short while in the wok. I sprinkled some crispy fried garlic on the lettuce before serving!
Give it up to me (Lucifer/Satan/the Devil is asking for your soul in return)
But someone spotted the lone white sail on the blue water.
Blink gives you cube analytics displaying various measures in selected dimensions, swiping and scrolling through a data set.
At the end of the week, ONLY the pages that I have will be put into the magazine, so plan accordingly.
As i mentioned above, i love the packaging of this energizing lotion and the amount present in it. It has a rich and creamy texture , so only one or two drops is enough . It gets absorbed quickly into the skin and leaves a silky smooth feeling behind. It is non greasy .I guess , this product will be more suitable for mature skin as it will give a instant boost and elasticity to the skin. This lotion is works better as an after bath lotion in this dry winter season. It is suitable for all types of skin , but i feel that it will work better with dry and mature skin.
SO, WHAT WOULD THAT DO FOR US ?
W and I went to our usual weekly winter haunt again - the uber-cool homeschooler get-together at the pool hall in the West Village. Pool, foosball, table shuffleboard, and ping-pong were on the agenda for him that day. Some of the moms and I chatted while making these pretty paper star crafts. I'm not really the crafty type, but mine came out pretty good!
These cookies are beautiful; you can find them in every bakery back in Greece but as single carrot OR spinach wreath. I thought that maybe they will go well together and decided to combine them into
You are all in my prayers.
won’t let a little thing like
Which is no more Matter, MATTER = MOTHER
Brian will be home tomorrow.
Alberto and I met Nicole Cohen a couple of years ago on one of our trips to New York. It was Summer, and her city apartment was pretty much closed up. She was in town for a couple of days and graciously took us to coffee, and then invited us to see her apartment.
Now to crank up the heat, I pray you will sign that Amicus (Friend of the Court) Petition to the Kangaroo (supreme) Court I spoke about.
If you take a bunch of planets (gods) and line them up, putting one of the largest (Jehovah) out in front and all the others behind it, none of the other planets will be seen, only the one right in front of you. If the first planet is exceedingly close to the point of observation, it will fill up a large portion of the sky, so that it will always be visible, no matter in which direction you are looking. Even when not directly looking at it, our peripheral vision will always have the planet in sight. Only by turning our eyes downward towards the ground (towards hell), will the planet’s image no longer be in sight.
Then they smirk at each other and the assembled crowd. Unless it's one of six movies, I don't know the movie, I don't care what movie it is, and odds are I either fell asleep, started stamping or playing Angry Birds about ten minutes into said movie. I certainly have not memorized any dialogue. And I don't feel like less of a human because I don't recognize a line from Hot Tub Time Machine or the Goonies.
UGH! I need to get organized.
Given that truffles were not in our budget this year, we decided to try one of the truffle omelettes on offer. Omelettes are a great vehicle as they let the truffle do all the talking. Similarly other delish ways to enjoy truffles are with mashed potato or tossed through pasta with butter. Mmm.
Here's a little taste from last night:
I still seem have all my faculties but linear thought can be difficult when a sudden image of a distant moment in time leaps to the front. The image doesn't leave as quickly as it appears primarily because I'm then curious why I even have a recollection of a trivial event 30 years earlier. The end result is distraction.
Roast in the oven for about 35 to 40 minutes.
For the past three or four years we have gotten into a pattern of sorts. If Mr. Right and I are not on some wild adventure, or traveling some place new and exciting, Saturdays are our errand days. You know, get groceries, pick up oatmeal from the bulk section of a local store, buy more beef bones for the dog, wash the car, do yard work, you get the picture. Then if we don’t have a fascinating dinner engagement, we head out for Sushi. Yep, we love it and have a couple of favorite places we end up. I am sort of fibbing here, even if we are traveling some place new and exotic, we find a Sushi place to try.
I have heard criticism of the fact that we are declaring a bank holiday to commemorate those who have died at work. Surprisingly, no-one criticised bank holidays given to celebrate royal weddings or winning court cases later lost on appeal. This day is much more poignant, enduring and relevant and I am hugely proud to have been able to declare it a holiday.
6. Be sure to leave a comment here as we love hearing from you. You must do this to be considered for the Grand Prize.
06-Strange Notes
In a little over a month Nora Rose will enter into this world. I’m so very excited to meet this little acrobat. While I am also very afraid of all of the unknowns, I fully trust in God. I trust his plan and I trust He will give us the strength and resources to make it through any outcome. I’ve finally reached a point that I can begin to prepare for each possible outcome, which starts with Nora’s birth plan. That will list our wants and needs for Nora’s care involving every possible occurrence. So much to think about!!
6. If you want to take a college course, you can take whatever you want for free at most universities. Not only that, you can audit it, and not do all the homework. You can study whatever you interested in studying about.
The really great thing about a flow chart is that it makes plain that there really is free time, and that you can take it in the knowledge that there will still be time to get everything done, and as a result you can relax properly when you do.
Everyone expects those with power to lie. But do they lie more than other people? How does any ethnographer know their informant is ‘telling the truth’? Actually, my experience seems more like that of Julian Brash as he investigated New York City’s business elites and municipal authorities. He began expecting to have to probe the linkages between capitalism and the bureaucracy indirectly and subtly, but was surprised to find many interviewees were open about it. Here too, as Brash suggests,
There is... The difference is your convenience.
1 can of chickpeas
Let the new year begin! Despite the major hangover and the after-smell of tequila on my clothes, I think its safe to say that all those signs put together creates one heck of a good night. I was able to celebrate the new year with people I have missed the most. Unfortunately the gap year has left me sort of lonely while everybody else is off to uni. And being a busy woman at work, its hard to squeeze in some social lunch dates or get togethers with the girls. So it was nice to catch up with some old faces while intoxicated. I am not sure about you but alcohol acts like a truth serum or confidence-boost potion that enables me to speak more than my normal self. Because I consider myself a shy person but when under the influence, a whole new side of me pops out. I like how it gives me an excuse to act stupid without criticism or bitching from others. But no one really bad-mouth anyways because I am not the only one poisoned. The night filled with loud music, sparkles, deep meaningful conversations and never-ending supply of alcohol. The night ended when the sun was rising while I was still downing my last drink with my feet all busted up from dancing in the highest heels possible. What a way to welcome another new year. Even though I spent the first day of the year in bed. Lets hope that this year would be better than twenty-ten.
There’s very recent commentary regarding The Abyss over at The Next Bar Stool and a three-year old post at Beervana. I’m curious to know if the reviewer at Beervana got around to trying The Abyss a year or two later. I can attest that the 2009 version we sampled is completely ready for prime time, despite the fact that the label indicates it’s actually best AFTER November 1, 2010. I’m thinking I’ll try this bottle soon and pick up another one for storing.
Time not spent, but saved
If you find an off-the-peg design you like from a kit supplier, this is one of the most economical ways of building your home. It’ll also be much easier to cost every stage of the project. A small, single bedroom cottage from Skye Homes comes as a self build kit for only £13,900, rising to £230,000 or more for a large family home. One of the largest suppliers, Potton suggests potential buyers should budget from £70 to £85 per square metre for the majority of their designs.
So, if you're interested, he's got at least one movie for everyone in his repertoire.
Four new sets are being released today, all featuring images, verses, and sentiments for Mother's and Father's Day.
So if the devil can’t be blamed then who? Well maybe it was just meant to be like that? I mean no one had anything to do with IT, it just happened – like it was predestined or something.
I think I will be enjoying this gloss. I’ll keep you updated on how it wears. I suppose this month’s Box is worth it if this product alone costs $28 CAD.
The most interesting thing I found is the “Original” paperwork for a 1921 Carl Gottlob Schusterjun. German violin. We have the violin in a different location, but I hadn’t really done any Goggle research yet. So, I looked it up and found out this violin is worth $2,600.00 It was made in 1920, sold in Ohernheim, Germany to my husbands Great Great Grandfather and purchase in 1921. My husband is not interested in selling it. He has played many instruments including this fiddle/violin. I don’t think he’s going to give it up at any time soon. I’ll keep digging and hopefully there’s something else worth really keeping.
I live in San Francisco because it is me. I often joke it is the longest relationship I’ve ever been in. This city has seen my share of drunken nights, wails of laughter, and hair colors too numerous to even know at this point. I always ride Muni with my attention focused out the window and not on my phone or music apparatus. My memories are marked on the corners of the city, at cafes and parks and places of symbolic nature, and they flood back to me every time I pass them. I’m reminded of the beers I’ve consumed, the hugs initiated, the feelings I felt while in that moment, and it makes me smile.
The latest episode, of course, features cute Nezumi-Shion moments, but it’s probably the first episode that makes me think about deeper things than “oh, how cute is Nezumi”. And this is a good thing, when an anime series becomes intriguing and confusing. Now I am eager to watch the next episode, but, boy, do I have to wait.
i just thought i would pop in to say hello.
Crushed walnuts
This is what they publish, among other nonsense, on their website:
I'm sure it was some combination of the exceptional quality of the coffee, Lesa's expertise in roasting and brewing, and the use of milk from Hatcher's Family Dairy, but the cappuccino I had at Roast, Inc. was hands down the best I have ever had.
I turn back to the produce, hefting a few potatoes and giving them the once-over, singing to myself, “But when I try… in here… to tell… you dear… I love you madly, madly, madam librarian, Marian…”
I just hope it doesn't happy too soon. I'll be raising a pint at my son's 18th in 15 and a half years regardless.
“Storm coming,” Anne Hathaway (as Catwoman) says to Christian Bale (as Bruce Wayne) while they’re dancing at some terribly important black tie affair. Is she warning him or taunting him? It’s not entirely clear though it seems at some point Catwoman becomes, at least, concerned for Batman when she says, “You don’t owe these people anymore. You’ve given them everything.” Also, at the end, she catches a ride with him, on seemingly amicable terms. (BONUS: A related question that struck our bat brains is this—Does Catwoman know Bruce Wayne is Batman? Unclear.)
But We cannot unduly expand the presumption in Ankron and De Aldecoa to an argument that all lands of the public domain had been automatically reclassified as disposable and alienable agricultural lands. By no stretch of imagination did the presumption convert all lands of the public domain into agricultural lands.
listening to The Sounds and Imogen Heap on repeat
I have searched a little of my paternal side and found that I am named after my paternal great gradfather who migrated alone from Denmark---he was a Master Mariner---a ships captain and was part owner of trading vessels plying the coast line of South Australia----kind of pioneering and romantic---except when I found one of his ships registration, changing it's name because it had been a slave trading vessel from South Africa.
As you can see, adding a little color can make it easier for the User to see the code and make the correct entry.
One other thing I wish I had thought of is whoever has the handle @FirstWorldPains. They tweet things like: “The time on my smartphone is 2 minutes faster than the time on my wristwatch and I don’t know which one is more accurate” and end it with a hashtag #firstworldpains
If we live life as a Catholic - offering ouselves in obedience and submision to Christ - then we will live a life filled with joy and a peace that the world cannot give. As Catholics we are called to surrender our lives to Him completely. When we do this, we will not see being Catholic as being about a bunch of rules to follow but we will be transformed from the inside.
入場無料なので、お気軽にお越し下さい。
“Holtby made huge saves in the third and in the second as well,” says Ovechkin. “He kept us in the game. Everybody knows they have pretty good offensive weapons out there and they use them.”
It's undoubtedly a fascinating case study. Ramachandran et al.'s data indicate that TK perceives a blue halo around certain people and it's safe to say that he has strong cognitive associations between colours and emotions. However, we are still relying on TK's subjective reports that the halos vary from person to person and that emotions are actually experienced as colours. This is not to cast doubt on TK's reports, merely to note that the objective evidence is not perhaps as strong as the authors claim.
So what have we left in our wake? In Afghanistan, a U.S. puppet government that was “surprised” by the ferocity of recent insurgent attacks. What do you want to bet that Mullah Omar crawls out of his spider hole and takes back control within the next few years? In the meantime, Iraq is a mess, a “budding police state” according to Human Rights Watch. Al Qaeda in Iraq (nonexistent before us) is having a field day.
But how had anyone Witnessed her kissing Van Raighan? She'd met the man two days ago, and wouldn't have touched him with a bargepole before or since. She met his eyes again, and he lowered his arm, banishing the Witnessing. His gaze wavered first, the tension slowly draining from his face. Slack uncertainty replaced it; he looked like his plans were coming apart. But what plans?
Fire dazzled Rel as he awoke, dragged out of sleep by the hard edge on Taslin's whisper. His first thought was that he was still at home, the house burning. Something of his dream lingered, the sense of squeezing against a wall to escape the flames.
858. Raw Granola Bar @ Home (Phoenixville, PA) 3:06 p.m.
This is the project I've entered for the "House of Anne Chair Affair" and wicked awesome and very generous giveaway. Those of you living in California would be SOOOO LUCKY to be able to take classes with Anne! She's a faux finisher extraordinaire, and has been to England learning all about chalk paint directly from Annie Sloan! Siiiigh...I know I know...envy is a SIN, right?
That never doth she glut her greedy will,
It's been 10 months since I quit the ol' advertising job where I had to consistently think up rebranding strategies. Since then, instead of running around the office like a nut bar, I've been running around the world like a nut bar. You got a tourist attraction? I'll be there. How about hours of urban hiking all around your city? I'll do it twice. You've got a train departing every hour on the hour and all I've got is time? I'll take the 7 a.m.
This is the only Dodger that came out of the 1996 Circa break that I needed. I was hoping to finish off the team set here, so that was a little disappointing.
that used to share his grassless pasture....
It’s out
Line the bottom of a 9 inch springform pan with tin foil (this makes it really easy to transfer to a serving platter).
You can put a small amount of gel-colour on a plate or on a pallet, it is up to you. I use a little bit of water to dilute the 'paint' and make it easier to draw with, but be careful, too much water will be hard to work with. If you put too much water, you also run the risk of it eating through the sugar in the flood. That means that you'll get a small hole in the cookie where the sugar was. That is not something that you can fix easily.
Plans Are Meaningless Guidelines
So we traveled all the way down to Arches, UT for our little adventure and truthfully I was excited to try out my new stuff. It took us four hours to set up camp but I figured it would be worth it. We were camping with all of my extended family, some in tents, and some had rented RV's that were in adjacent sites to our group site. You can see from the picture how awesome our spot was. Day one went great, I LOVED my kitchen and the new "beds" were so comfortable I slept like a baby all night. Day 2 was still going well when the men and older kids decided to go on an evening hike about 7pm, leaving us women folk at camp with the little children.
Now I have it in my heart that I can be at peace all day. Against my natural tendency, I accept the truth that there will always be more work to do. The worry-free island I am seeking in this world is at best an illusion and sometimes even unhealthy. If I keep my work close to my heart, I'll be at peace with it. Paul was diligent. Even after being stoned he marched back into the city to regroup with Barnabas. That's a bit like the surrender and confidence I'd like to have more of.
effort (with a focus on winning, not just to qualify).
Another catch up post today with some more of the goddies that I made/received during Knitting and Crochet Blog week. First up is this adorable little knitted piggy with wings! Here's a close up of him, below, he is so cute! He was made for me by Steph and he has made friends with my cuddly toy pig (above). This pig has quite a profile in our family- he even turned up at my wedding!! My Mum kidnapped (or should that be 'pignapped'!) him on the morning of the wedding, dressed him up in a veil and a bow, and when I walked down the aisle, there he was on one of the pews!! It was so funny.
I'm not sure that I can link these two comments directly, but I think they both spring from a deep distrust of advertising. Kevin (and he can correct me if I am misreading him) suggests that advertising somehow damages the experience of the content and that unless I am in uttermost need, I should forgo whatever income advertising generates.
Postdoctoral Fellowship (Post 2)
I like the thought of being the knight in gold armor ……but not for someone who got a cushy 20 year ride because they look great….and then decided they really wanted a life partner twenty years later.
b.) the input, not the pattern.
IVORY COAST INVESTMENT: Hershey will expand the Company’s successful 2011 innovative CocoaLink mobile phone program in Ghana to farmers in the Ivory Coast. Through CocoaLink cocoa farmers receive text and voice messages that enable them to improve farming practices, understand issues related to pests and adverse weather conditions, improve labor practices, and ask questions of cocoa experts in real time. In the next phase of CocoaLink, Hershey plans to work with the Rainforest Alliance to incorporate important messages about conservation and climate change into the program.
(1)The Writings of Thomas Jefferson V15: Containing His Autobiography, Notes on Virginia, Parliamentary Manual, Official Papers, Messages and Addresses, And Other Writings And Private (Lipscomb and Bergh, Eds.; Kessinger Publishing, 2006), 15:288
In the meantime, you dickhead, your stupid-ass antics are making life a bit more difficult for millions of law-abiding CHL holders who have no aspirations to play hero. Thanks to you, we're being judged as though we're all of your challenged IQ and abilities.
Letitia James
Also i got a new haircut. They are short now. Here you can see them.
Well you might get tired of all these pics of us...But I don't :-).
/dev/dsk/c1t0d0s1 – – swap – no -
What this government has quietly shown in the last few weeks is that it no longer has to answer to, explain or be accountable to the country.
No, I am not finished yet! For those of you who are wondering what is taking so long, well, here is an update. I have stained the steps and I will be putting on the third clear coat tonight. I love the way they are looking and once the moldings are on and I give them and the risers one more coat of paint, I think we will be done! Oh, and the hand rail needs just one more coat. Oh, and the new moldings along the floor will need a coat and around the door needs a little TLC. Maybe I am not as close to being done as I thought! Let me share with you why this project is taking a bit longer than it should.
Dried oregano
Me and birds just don’t seem to have a good track record. The earliest memory I have of a bird is chickens in our barn pecking my Strawberry Shortcake rubber boots. I was probably 3, and ran in the the house screaming “FUCK Fuck, Chicken go Fuck Fuck”
It pours pitch black with the darkest of brown hues coming in at the sides of the glass under strong lights. At first appearance it looks pretty lacking in carbonation, but be assured this beer is perfectly conditioned. The aromas are pretty obvious for this one. Chocolate covered, heavily roasted coffee beans leap forth from your glass. Its slightly oaky but I was expecting a little more from the vanilla - I suppose it was always going to be a little overpowered by the chocolate and coffee. The initial taste is thick and syrup like. The flavour is really well balanced, with all the aspects of the beer working together really well. The 11% is masked really well, and makes the beer drink much easier than it should... danger beer! It's not as warming as I thought it would be, but it's still really rich and has a great long lasting roasted bitterness about it.
This is interesting to me, not just as a kind of conceptual calisthenics, but because working all this out makes no difference whatever. In fact, if you uttered this aloud in a client meeting someone would almost certainly punch in the side of the head before you got to the end of the word 'nexus'.
(Baa, Baa Black Sheep)
A while ago I was at a hotel in Jacksonville, Fl for my job, a job I fucking hate. I work so I can pay child support in order to do the right thing. I do love my kids, but 60% of my income isn’t quite fair. The circumstances are long, drawn out, complicated and all the shit nobody really wants to hear about.
Compact Foundation (Spicy Brown)
11.- Pervert - Produced by E-L
Soooo, I had planned on seeing my Neuro in January to get a postpartum game plan and hopefully schedule my EMG, but now I think I will call tomorrow and see if he wants me to come in. I see my OB, Dr G, on Monday, and plan on letting him know about the new eye thing, plus the lovely "my heart is going batshit crazy again" symptoms. I know being on prednisone is a risk for glaucoma, but I am really just on the smallest sniff of it. And I don't have glaucoma- just a risk factor for it.
Zub and I met when our dads formed the nucleus of the rhythm section behind a pre-"Stuck in the Middle with You" Gerry Rafferty. Gerry was like an uncle to us, hence his nickname "Unkgee." During the summer, our pops would let us traverse the country with the band in a dilapidated custom Chevy van with pot seeds all over the carpet. Those early tours with Unkgee made us wise beyond our three years.
“The world is too much with us; late and soon,
Thanks for stopping by today.
Then dab on the leather and the flower again, wait as instructed and then place the flower on the ring.
Bob Gass writes ‘Word for Today’ and frequently encourages us to be thankful and to forgive. He also writes on other issues which are key to our mental health and well-being.
I replied like I always did, “Nothing.”
1 tablespoon kosher salt
Those Monks sure do know their beers! As my delightful trial of a beer from every Trappist brewery continues (I will have had 5 of the 7 by the end of the week), I'm trying Chimay Red.
i always tell the truth to everyone
So needless to say, my sex life involves copious amounts of batteries. YAY!
I am not especially drawn to board books, rhyming texts, message driven or purely educational texts.
Forgets to feed his pets
I am soo excited! We have been having some big changes around our home. On Friday my daddy, brother and myself went to go serve at a local children's center. My dad's work does something like this once a year for all of there employees so this was the first year we got to go. We had so much fun working with the little kids and helping them work in the garden planting the plants. It was great! We worked hard and together got everything done.
your photos. When I saw your
Enjoy the power of beauty of your youth.
On the writing front I have found that since I changed direction away from the short story I have become more focused and I have found a writing discipline that I haven't had before. I am writing every day and that is something that I haven't done before. I fond that I am in a routine now. I find that I'm barely surfing the internet either these days unless it is for research. I couldn't tell you the last time that I went on facebook. Also I am really sorry that I haven't checked out other blogs recently. I'm going to try and get on top of that tomorrow. I would do it today but its almost midnight and I'm thinking that I should go to bed.
Red wine, already linked to healthy hearts and protection against certain cancers, may slow down the aging process by activating a specific aging-related gene, says a new study.
I miss being able to see my grandma any time I wanted. I miss being able to talk to her. I miss her voice. I miss the way she would always call to check up on me. I miss making pancakes together. I miss making Christmas cookies. I miss her amazing cooking. I miss her smile.
For the ink required to scribe a druidical predict weather scroll
Take a good look at those pretty spring-time colors...
Press down into a lined square cake tin and cook in the oven at about 190 degrees for 10 minutes or so until it turns golden brown.
August 21 – Boise, Anne Morrison Park
Singer for Puritan)
like a trio of ditzy junksters.
Kamo no Chōmei (1212)
AFP, 05/09/2012
My husband and son liked it too, even though this flavor was one they wouldn't
1-1 1/2 tsp spices: cinnamon, nutmeg, or allspice
In honor of Melanie, Jamie's sister who is fighting stage 4 colon and liver cancer, Bethesda Skincare is offering a FREE bar of soap to cancer patients! If you know of anyone who is suffering with cancer please send the name, address and the recipient's condition to store@bethesdaskincare.com and be sure to reference The Melanie Policy. Because chemotherapy and cancer treatment depletes the skin of it's nutrients and causes it to become fragile, Bethesda Sunscreen Soap was created with a combination of healing and therapeutic properties to strengthen, restore and protect the skin.
You see, I am always weeks behind on Reader's Spaces since there is so much awesomeness in all of you, so when Tami sent me her story, it was still below freezing temps here in Wisconsin. But what she shared with me left me feeling so inspired! She organized her tools. In her garage. And did it by adding style. My kind of girl. My kind of project. And I so badly wanted to imitate her awesomeness, but I was stuck in cold weather jail.
has come up with a great set of Stickerz with varying themes.
A hideous pharisee, feasts with the rich
So there you have it, Methods 3, 4 and 5. Some additional ways to get referrals to work with in the Trial Offers business. The next and last post of this series will look at NIS and why I have chosen to work using that forum.
No real wow factor
Booktalk: Meet Peter Friedman, high school freshman. Talented photographer. Former baseball star. When a freakish injury ends his pitching career, Peter has some major things to figure out. Is there life after sports? Why has his grandfather suddenly given him thousands of dollars worth of camera equipment? And is it his imagination, or is the super-hot star of the girls’ swim team flirting with him, right in front of the amazing new girl in his photography class?
We all saw the case of that Nyeri woman, who at the age of 40, had the ninjette skills and prowess to turn a man’s face from a clean circle to a tattered dog eared Karatasi Brand graph book. We all giggled at the Zimbabwean men who were being kidnapped and ‘raped’ (apparently it IS possible to rape a man who is already willing *Kiraitu laugh*) and even laughed out loud when they blatantly refused to listen to those cases because there’s no provision for that in their (or rather, any) constitution. And every one of these cases came with their own justification. Nyambura The Nyeri Ninja was portrayed as this doe eyed woman who had just had enough of her drunkard husband and squalid conditions… Every one just happened to forget that every woman in the world has had enough of her drunkard husband and squalid conditions.
“Success is going from failure to failure without losing your enthusiasm.” - Winston Churchill
I’m calling you out
Red Skirt: Goodwill, $3
Everywhere is war -
Lawsuit claims PCBs found in 10 fish oil supplements; product labeling sought
You can still purchase an Easy Button from Staples, and I saw that they donate the proceeds to the Boys and Girls Club of America. It's just $5.99 with batteries includes - a bargain, to be sure!
"GLITTERBABE’S ART is a digital stamp store specializing in a variety of images. my heart leans towards florals so you will find a wide range to choose from. All my images are done in jpg format only and all my images come with a colored image. Having that colored image is great when you need to create something in a hurry or just need that color guide. I strive for quality product and work hard to give my very best. I have tons of fun with it and I hope you do too! "
Having a pet is a always a winning proposition. Some people will say they don’t have time to care for a pet, or they can’t afford the vet bills. However, the reality is that being a pet owner can only improve your life. Caring for a pet requires you to step outside yourself and love another being. A pet’s love for you is unconditional and ever so powerful. No matter how badly your day has gone, upon returning home, your awaiting pet will shower you with genuine, wholehearted affection. As a result, you become happier, healthier, and generally a better person.
where you are desperately
“If you want to tell me… gladly.”
Hello ^_^
So I have to admit that it’s been a while since I did some nuts and bolts type blog entries. Personally, I find them a little tedious as I LIVE the nuts and bolts of publishing every day. But I don’t want to forget that a good majority of my blog readers have not been published yet and may actually be endlessly fascinated by some nuts and bolts blog entries.
Lead singer Journey
a few weeks ago, i painted some furniture for a little girl's room. the furniture pieces were hand-me-downs, looking for a new lease on life. she had a wonderful new look for her bedroom, including pale, dusty purples, grays, blacks, whites, and a crisp, light green. i loved the fabric inspiration, and color palette!
Bottom—ad for Kanechom, a Brazilian hair care company. Translation: "We know how you feel on a bad hair day." Ad agency: Filadélfia.
Well that's just tough shit.
I would like to kill myself just to not feel like a giant brick with a stomachache, but if I did, I don’t know how you would all survive without my beautiful posts to get you through the day. And being the wonderful girl that I am, I just couldn’t let that happen, so I guess I’ll live to write another day.
Then I got "Snicker Snocker" that was a vanilla cake with a snicker center topped with a vanilla buttercream rolled in snicker pieces. If you are going to rip off the flavors of a crappy piece of candy, make the cake and buttercream taste like the main ingredients in the candy, don't just shove the actual candy bar in and all over it.
This was a very nice change up from all of the pale ales that I normally drink and summer brews that are being served right now. This was part of a brewmaster's collection. I don't think that I have ever seen this available as a 6 pack on its own (in Cincinnati).
By paying a monthly premium you have the assurance of knowing life’s little trials won’t break your bank. Instead of paying $2,000 or more to fix a broken leg, just pay 10% – 20% of the vet’s bill. If you had not paid your deductible for the year at the time your pet broke his/her leg, you would need to include that. If you have a $100 deductible and 20% coinsurance (the amount you pay), you’d be looking at something like $380 instead of $2,000. Nice, huh?
In the scheme of things basketball games don’t merit a blip anywhere important, but I have loved basketball since I was a little kid, going to hundreds of games. Most of my siblings played, I played from 4th grade through college (let us include intramurals), coached many seasons, my own children played, and way back in the day I went to my father’s alma mater’s games–Mt. St. Mary’s–in the glory days when Fred Carter was playing. We were family friends, so when he moved on to play for the Bullets (in Baltimore), 76ers, Bucks, and coach for the Bulls and other teams, I would on occasion be there, too. I am one of the few females who spent time hanging around outside NBA locker rooms and didn’t get a disease. We did eat some very late dinners after some of those games–on school nights, too! It was sometimes excruciatingly boring–NBA games go on much too long–but I am glad I got to see Walt Frazier and Earl the Pearl and Wes Unseld and Kareem Abdul Jabbar and Larry Bird and Kevin McHale and Michael Jordan and Fred play over the years. Sadly all the watching never translated into me having anything remotely close to a move. A shot, yes. But no move. As a fan, I have a damned righteous fist pump coupled with an explosive jump out of my seat. I’ve had lots of practice.
Roughly a year later I had my first manic episode (with psychotic features) and I finally got professional help.
Quite horrid. Begins well enough, but it descends into this pseudo-philosophical-psycho-babble-sex-manual-romance travesty. This was my first Coelho, so I will give him another go with something completely different. His writing style is mediocre but readable enough. Just need to find a good story of his. I know The Alchemist was a best seller.
I am always with you. Be brave, have courage, and love life.
And that's all! They're so beautiful! They add so much to the space even though that's not their main purpose. I love them.They are so bright and cheery and have such a cool texture from the mod podge and the brush strokes. Also, they were less than $5! Well, not counting the mod podge (which I already had) and the clear acrylic spray, but those will be used for many more projects in the future, so I only count a percentage of their cost. Only $5?? Whaat? Subliminal message: Must make coasters now.
In a civilized country she’d have waited less than an hour at a clinic or physician’s office and been properly treated for approximately $200. That $200 is part of Feinstein’s scary story, part of the phantom $1.7 trillion because after all, the government just spent it to help the child. Feinstein doesn’t mention the $1,200 saved by having a rational system in place instead. Nor is this ever mentioned by the insurance or pharmaceutical companies, the AMA, or any of the other powerful lobbies feeding inaccuracies and perverted statistics to the mainstream media. Nor is it mentioned by CNN or Fox, MSNBC, etc., etc. Meanwhile what passes for U.S. health care takes up one-sixth of our gross domestic product while our health statistics are beneath those of Morocco.
But the din, oh so loud. So distracting.
To learn more about this illness and how to support and encourage sufferers
Davis’ case had gone through numerous legal wranglings, getting three temporary stays, bunches of hearings but never the ruling he was seeking, and likely should have received: a new trial. Even last night, the U.S. Supreme Court held up the execution for a few hours but came back with no further stay, or comment as to why, either. Davis was finally given lethal injection and was declared dead at 11:08 p.m.
The next morning (this morning) I woke up and could tell it felt a ton better already. I still have slight dizziness occasionally and the incision is still painful, but the terrible burning sensation is mostly gone. Don't get me wrong - walking around still sucks. And my back is killing me from walking around stooped over. But compared to yesterday I already feel better. I haven't had any discharge or bleeding, which I know some women experience. I bought an abdominal binder that is specifically for use after C-sections and abdominal surgery, which has helped quite a bit by supporting it and offering constant pressure. I also take a travel pillow with me to press against it when I am standing up or coughing or whatever. Each time I walk it's really painful for the first few steps, then gets progressively better. Right now, it's a toss up between what hurts worst - my back or my incision. I'm down to one Percocet every three hours. The bottle actually says one pill every four to six hours, but the hospital said one to two every three or four hours, and I called my best pharmacist friend and he told me that what the hospital said is fine, especially for just a few days. They gave me 50 pills, which means I'll have plenty left over to sell on the black market. Takers?
He will guide them and set right their state.
Your Brother in Christ Jesus,
Yes. Make it exactly 5 words (and yeah, that includes your name). You can provide a link to your website or blog and I’ll hyperlink it to your name, so it doesn’t count toward your 5 words.
Lake Barrington, IL 60010
So don't wait!!
but you never want to believe those things are possible.
Julie’s Carrot Cake
For many New Yorkers this is a devastating day. Although I am not a New Yorker, I have plenty of friends who have told me many stories about growing up listening to Mr. Magic and his mixes. As a hip hop head growing up between DC and VA, you had to know what was going on in New York or you “wasn’t down!”
“Liesl, come with me,” he finally said with a hint of begging in his voice. “Your coach awaits.”
In this story there is even greater reason for joy than the knowledge that Jesus had risen from the dead. Through the resurrection Jesus proved everything else he had taught during his three years of ministry was true. He proved that he really was God’s Messiah, the king, come to reign on earth. As Jesus said, all that was written about him had come true, including his suffering, his death on the cross and his rising from the dead. And then we hear the outcome of all that Jesus had done: repentance and forgiveness of sins were to be proclaimed in his name to all nations.
Is the story based on your own childhood? If so, what is fact and what is fiction?
During the latter part of the war, while flying over an Ecuadorian anti-aircraft battery, Quinones’s plane sustained damage. He is considered a national hero for his sacrifice by crashing his plane into the Ecuadorian position.
There have been several points this last week where I have felt like the song has been getting away from me because I had been grabbing for it. But there have also been moments when persistence and sitting with it thinking “what now? Well, I’ll try and write the lyrics from beginning to end. Ok, now what? Sing em along with the chords” and by doing so I realise which bit doesn’t work.
But fierce, too, the fouled firmament replied,
Last month, Erskine’s Entertainment Board announced that Corey Smith would be performing at Erskine for Spring Fling. I decided to hold a contest to get more readers out to The Mirror site and the winner and I got to interview Corey Smith before he went on stage.
She said NE is great, but Philly is what we see only in magazines.
Oddly enough, this doesn't frighten me. I am curious about it. Curious to see where it leads. Curious to see why it was an unexpected window rather than what lay behind one of two doors. I have peace about it. I am not worried, or anxious or disturbed. Simply content in the knowledge that even though I don't know what lies out there, jumping out of it feels right.
This activity emphasizes listening skills, comprehension, and following directions. Provide crayons and paper. Ask the children to listen very carefully to the directions you give, and to do just what you tell them to do. (You may repeat each direction.)
Ambroise Thomas’s Hamlet has riled and infuriated ever since its 1868 première, though for many it is merely an object of derision: one 1869 correspondent to the satirical magazine Punch admits not having seen the work but nevertheless disparages it as ‘Omelette’, a musical ‘burlesque’, and pillories Thomas’s fondness for drinking songs with the lines ‘To drink or not to drink? That is now the question / A glass of wine, I think, is good for the digestion’. Hamlet has however acquired its devotees, for whom the meaty title role and a more substantial part for Ophelia than in the play are too full of vocal highlights to ignore, and when the Metropolitan Opera staged the work in 2010 (the first time since 1897) the New York Times ran a spirited defence of Thomas, saying that mauling the Bard is nothing new and that the opera ‘generates its own theatrical
"At the intersection of indigenous studies, science studies, and legal studies lies a tense web of political issues of vital concern for the survival of indigenous nations. Numerous historians of science have documented the vital role of late-eighteenth- and nineteenth-century science as a part of statecraft, a means of extending empire. This book follows imperialism into the present, demonstrating how pursuit of knowledge of the natural world impacts, and is impacted by, indigenous peoples rather than nation-states. In extractive biocolonialism, the valued genetic resources, and associated agricultural and medicinal knowledge, of indigenous peoples are sought, legally converted into private intellectual property, transformed into commodities, and then placed for sale in genetic marketplaces. Science, Colonialism, and Indigenous Peoples critically examines these developments, demonstrating how contemporary relations between indigenous and Western knowledge systems continue to be shaped by the dynamics of power, the politics of property, and the apologetics of law".
And as always...if you are following me and I'm not following you, please let me know so I can fix that because that is just WRONG.
I chose to stick close to Ruston to do my internship, and I took a job in healthcare marketing in East Texas when I graduated. I now work in Monroe, La., managing grant development and community benefits programs for a hospital.
well, once again, i've gone and written a novel instead of a post. but 2010 is a very significant year when it comes to photography and all the other things in my life.
Every year has a "harvest moon" and it is the full moon closest to the first day of fall. Sometimes it happens before that day, sometimes after.
Well, back to work.
As I listened to her and politely told her I wasn't asking for her advice on diet, it dawned on me why I dislike most doctors. They base everything on research and their status as "experts" rather than inquiring about how the patient feels and what we think. They assume we have nothing to contribute. This reminds me so much of how schoools are run. The curriculum is based on "research" and the teacher being the "expert" rather than getting feedback from the unique group of students being taught. When I see my naturopath, she asks me questions like "eating this way, how would you rate how you feel?" She might even say, "You read a lot, what do you think is best for you?" She encourages me to listen to my body and take an active role in my recovery.
As of today I am down 31 pounds.
Jill: *Sigh* I see.
I hulled 2 pints of strawberries and put them into my food processor.
I essentially spent 3 days sobbing, saying something like “I know this is an amazing opportunity and I have to do it…but I don’t want to goooooo.” Again, usually this was said while I was crying.
Next Week: the hour-long season finale ”And Martha Stewart Have a Ball”
3: SHIRLEY & LEE - My Last Letter
In any event, the Congo was a big deal for Belgium, an also-ran among what Randy Newman parodies as the Great Nations of Europe. For the schizoid Walloons and Flemish, the Congo (their sole colony) was a font of riches (rubber, copper, diamonds, cobalt) and national puffery--a chip at the table of Europe for a nation made-to-order as a corridor for the French and German armies.
FPU - Crocket's Theme
Powell got a classic start, burying the field at the gun, moving out to a commanding lead, and looking for all intents and purposes to be sailing on his way to a solid victory. But, to add to the "alien" theme, Gay unable to utilize the "alien" 6' 5" sprint frame of Usain Bolt and his 12 foot strides, instead morphed into a human form of "The Road Runner", as he appeared to go "beep beep" before jetting right past the flying Powell as if Powell were a human version of Wile E Coyote! In the blink of an eye, Tyson went from a meter and a half down to a meter and a half up as he drove past the finish line, stopping the clock at 9.69! Powell once again appeared to break stride at the end in defeat, yet still finished in 9.85 - a sign of just how fast the now "alien" Gay was moving in full flight!
-Add the fruits at the end just before pouring into the cake mould and mix well with a stirrer.
During the War of 1812 a proposal to draft 40,000 men was voted down in Congress.
What’s Next?
As the days went by, she noticed that he was working late several nights per week and going to office parties where spouses weren’t invited. Or so he said. That’s when she borrowed a small voice-activated recorder and bugged his vehicle. She retrieved the device after one night and listened to it alone in her kitchen. Thirty seconds of drivel and, “I get so ramped up talking to you,” was all she needed to hear.
On November 19, 1863, Abraham Lincoln spoke for two minutes at a Pennsylvania cemetery of a nation “conceived in liberty and dedicated to the proposition that all men are created equal.”
My image is coloured with copics and a little bit of sparkle from stickles. I love this little swing into spring image and thought this card made a good Easter card.
I really appreciate your time and effort in making this event a success.
–»but ?now… BLM (a bureau to Protect our Public resources, including Our *wild horses*) ~ ~whines AGAIN -(Against Supreme Ct ¤Wisdom¤)
In one of the earliest articles I ever wrote for this site I said that Multiculturalism / diversity is not a buffet, you can not wander round the table selecting a few tasty morsels and leaving the less appetising offerings where they are. Its all or nothing. We can not select which parts of a person's culture, his beliefs and his views he can bring with him when he arrives at Heathrow or Dover, they will all travel with him, they will all stay with him and our community must bear the consequences.
sweets
Reader, skip the next few paragraphs if you're squeamish. No, really. Ok, you were warned. The little furball let me pick her up, seeming relieved to have someone in charge. I checked her over. Chest and neck were bald...the hair had been rubbed away, probably from incessant licking. There was crusty crud in the fur to the sides of her chest and neck. There was...WHAT THE HELL IS THAT???...ahem...there was what could have been a large infected spot on her neck...only it was wriggling and pulsing in a manner very unlike an infection and much more like a parasite. Oh. Joy. With a couple of paper towels and a stomach of caste iron, I managed to remove the WHAT THE HELL IS THAT??...ahem...alien grub looking thing, which T put into a baggie at my request. I decided the wee beastie needed a vet trip.
p43 “…the recollection of a historical event or a real personage survives in popular memory for two or three centuries at the utmost. This is because popular memory finds difficulty in retaining individual events and real figures. The structures by means of which it functions are different: categories instead of events, archetypes instead of historical personages. The historical personage is assimilated to his mythical hero…, while the event is identified with the category of mythical action…”
The dominance of the dollar gave the United States incredible power and influence around the world… but the times they are a-changing. As the world’s emerging economies gain ever more prominence, the US is losing hold of its position as the world’s superpower. Many on the long list of nations that dislike America are pondering ways to reduce American influence in their affairs. Ditching the dollar is a very good start.
Am I alone in thinking that we are losing something with all the super techno gadgets? When kids at the library say the Encyclopedia is for big words or to add wiki after you google a topic, I can't help but wonder if the internet is not the answer to everything. Also, if there's no child left behind, why does it seem like the upcoming generation is as smart as a box of rocks? Yes there are exceptions, but they seem to be anomalies rather than the norm.
Parents used weather as an excuse. But the CDC looked at weather patterns in four large cities in each of the four main regions of the country and found "some slight variations in weather patterns over the past 30 years. However, there is no distinct pattern to these changes over time. Therefore, it does not seem likely that changes in weather account for the decline in active transport."
REFLECTIONS ON CONSTITUTIONAL LAW, by George Anastaplo
Then another concern - what if... flood, fire, unforeseen catastrophe and they are gone forever.
01. Evil Boy
The torch appears to be a conflation of two quite separate and unrelated things. A Sacred Flame of Hestia, goddess of the hearth, was kept burning in the Committee Room at ancient Olympia. Torch relay races were held at some other games festivals, notably at the Panathenaic festival in Athens, but never at Olympia.
Bear with me dolls i'm comin back soon!
Operated using batteries or electricity, there are tools that make many tasks easier for the industrial workers. Besides, there are tools and supplies that lay the foundation for different types of set-ups. Also, there are tools that are used to make electrical and electronic goods functional. The following discussion provides information on different categories of electrical and electronic supplies commonly found in industrial workplaces.
almost time to switch trains.. and there are 2 full minutes to get out of this train and get into the next meters walking straight to the left…
read it?
Ink: Ranger Tim Holtz Distress Ink - Stormy Sky
Clearly at this point there is some sort of correlation between the performance of many of the world's most elite or superior athletes and the use of drugs in enhancing their performance. And while I in no way intend to paint all "super" athletes with the broad brush of drug use, as the role call of these athletes grows larger, so does the percentage of those that have used.
There was a time when I could quote this entire book by heart. I’ll still give it the old college try when challenged, but no promises that I’ll make it through the opening lines: “I went to sleep with gum in my mouth and now there’s gum in my hair and when I got out of bed this morning I tripped on the skateboard and by mistake I dropped my sweater in the sink while the water was running and I could tell it was going to be a terrible, horrible, no good, very bad day.” We’ve all been in poor Alexander’s shoes. Some days, absolutely nothing goes right. Some days, the only viable option seems to be to escape to Australia. This book is fast-paced, spirited, with a universally recognizable theme for both adults and children.
Lay the chicken down in a dish, spread with the marinade on both sides of the exterior of the skin, as well as under the loosened skin, and cover the bird with plastic wrap. Chill for 24 hours.
and it makes the distance bearable.
When you enter the cottage, the first thing your body experiences are the difference between the bitter cold outside, and the warmth of the fire inside. The next thing is that you see that the man in the room is dressed completely in white. His hair and beard is as white as snow. You are offered a warm cup of tea or cider, and a seat close to the fire. You ask no questions, you just sit and listen to what Old Man Winter has to say. You receive three messages, given to you from the Spirit of the Winter.
Perhaps a woman seeking contraception needs more than birth control pills. She needs compassion and love that calls her to a different kind of life— a life in which she does not have to fear conceiving a child.
I chuckle, “My dear, banish such troubling thoughts and relax. All you drank were several tablets of Ex-Lax. Your lower pipework will rev up to the max, and shed your body of its tonnage tax.”
Confidence building measures and trust will be needed to define and a complete set of measures to stop any verbal or propaganda attack also, will be observed.
These are made from scratch Sugar and Gingerbread cookies. We usually do major events included. This is 2009′s Holiday season. There is a Tiger Woods, Medications, my Aunt Suzy’s Car, and as with all decoration: the Holy Hand Grenade.
The so-called doc fix was part of the original House bill. Because of its high cost, Democrats decided to pursue it separately. Republicans say the cost should not be ignored. Congress has usually waived the cuts to doctors year by year.
Mare51089: guess what?
Last night at dinner my seven-year-old son found a hair in his food. Cue disgust, laughter, barf sounds echoed around the table. Except the hair was mine. I’d just made dinner in a mad weeknight rush and forgotten to wear my hair net. Well, actually, I don’t ever wear a hair net, though there are some in these parts who wouldn’t mind if I did.
Obama’s rule for almost another 7 decades.
“Awoke to a slight earthquake this morning and it was a nice gentle rocking. I realized after it was over that I was still in Georgia and in a crumbling, Soviet-era apartment building. Scary!”
Gaius laughed and told me that since I had saved the princess and/or that the way that I had brought her into the cabin, made it possible that I could marry the princess if she wanted to marry me or that made me a possible marriage candidate or something crazy like that; but I was too busy trying to get the mouse-like creäture to stop attacking me.
The Difference Between FiOS and Other Fiber Optic Services
"So what are you cooking me again?"
If the judge grants you a Temporary Restraining Order, the police officers have the authority to remove the abuser from your home, in order to protect you from further abuse. Note that the abuser will be temporarily prevented from returning to your home, regardless of whether the residence or household is his or hers, yours, or jointly owned/leased by both of you.
I also want to say, completely up-front and without quibbling, that I admire writers of contemporary fiction for girls tremendously. I know that your work is vital, and much under-valued. I know that you tackle important, every day issues which genuinely affect the lives of today's young adults, and deal with those issues with humour and poignancy and truth. You face quite enough prejudice and quite enough othering and dismissal because you dare to dedicate your lives to fiction which is accessible to young women (because in our society nothing is more fatal to being taken seriously than this) and because publishers tend to put pretty, feminine covers on your stories (le gasp!).
"Deb, I didn't mean for this to happen. I think I'm in love with her."
Or rides the imagined oceans of the male wards.
* Companies will actively start looking for certain technologies when planning a new venture / spin out / line-extension slightly outside of core.
Hey Daddy,
- Google tracks
Isn’t that the perfect summary of where we’re at as the evangelical church today. Having called a truce with the world; having called a truce with sin; having laid down our weapons; having retreated from the gaps in the wall; we’ve become presumptuous in our song.
by Jaydine Sayer
Welcome to day 2 of my Earth Week event. I know it is a week late but we had some major life changing decisions to make last week and it was super stressful. I won't get into what happened right now however I will share with you when the time is right. Don't worry we are all fine and will be! Now on to today's business!
Next, is a British themed Cosey. I actually created this using fabric I cut from a blazer. The trim as you see it on the Cosey is exactly where it was located on the blazer. I really like the way this turned out and it certainly is for someone that is more conservative and less about the frills.
Then there is A Wreath of Stars, by Bob Shaw, from 1976, and while there isn’t a visible RRP on the back of this book, the other books mentioned in the back are retailing for 60-70p. What a bargain! This book looks like a real jargon-heavy mindfuck. It starts out talking about neutrinos and nuclear physics and something called “hadronic matter”. Yeah. The blurb on the back of the book doesn’t clear it up any better. Something about magniluct lenses and ghosts? According to the Oxford Mail, it’s “Unputtable down… one of Shaw’s most entertaining novels.” I have high hopes for this one.
You'd let anybody fill your glass but no one your boots..
If a Republican voluntarily gives me money it demeans me. But nothing could possibly be more honorable than taking money that has been forcibly redistributed from other Americans and handed out to me in the form of a welfare check courtesy of a Democrat Party that wants to buy my vote.
“Father of green leaves, Bringer of rain,
“Now don’t be greedy Dexter.” She reproached. “My how fat you’ve gotten.”
And I thought Vancouver was bad! Everytime I read the marketing for a new development I am repulsed.
Here's what he looked like after getting it cleaned and creamed:
Graphics design work will probably make a larger screen a plus so that you can get the details without squinting. If you’re planning to play games (especially online games that may require lots of storage memory), you’ll need a fast processor and the hard drive space to store all that data “loot” you’ll be collecting on your imaginary adventures. Is the laptop going to be used by a student or traveling businessman? In that case, portability may be the big issue. Take a good look at what you’ll be doing most of the time with your new Mac-you’ll be glad you did.
…snip…
dropped an egg in
Thanks for taking a peek - have a great weekend! Cathy xx :)
Oooh sunshine always puts me in such a good mood. Especially when hubby isn't working and can take the boys to the park and leave me home to craft! It was time to air the Toyota again today (Ahem, it's a sewing machine NOT a car) and make these:
I'm letting it go for $5 per half yard.
“What a great moment during our Valentine’s Day Host Pick, when Mike (HSN Lighting Designer) popped the question to Kristin (On-Air Model) LIVE! Best wishes from all of us at HSN to the engaged couple, and Happy Valentine’s Day to all of our fans on YouTube,” Stallone wrote.
The second one is my first pantograph that I think is good enough to actually at least donate. It's called Flipping ferns. I think I"m actually getting better, but still need more practice. I have a chair on wheels now and that seemed to help a lot. It's pretty hard to quilt when your looking at paper and not the quilt! This one is made of flannel, both sides, nice and snugly.
We carry vintage and new home goods,
Why I read it to the end: Because it was a good book; the pages kept turning. And I wanted to see if anything happened between Will and Sara.
Well, I'm afraid the best answer we can come up with probably is;
Movies. Snuggling. Naps. Too many sweets.
Earlier this summer, my wonderful former teammate Alyce, create a super cute clip board version of my behavior color chart. It is a great way to have a portable version of a color chart that can be shared with your partner teacher, teammates or specials teachers. Here is a set-by-step of how it was created:
"Do about what? You walked into my wall, it's hardly my fault". He was becoming more intolerant of my complaint so I decided to step it up a notch.
02) Emotional Blackmail
Now, onto the third member of the team, he’s the other baldie in the picture and he’s called Vivek Anger, oops sorry, I mean Angre!
Why am I going again??
I usually feel relieved when I admit I am depressed. It's like suddenly falling into a deep hole and not knowing what exactly preceeded it. I never seem to know how I ended up there. There I find myself and at first I don't even realize what's wrong. I just feel extreme discomfort. It's good to give it a name once I've figured out what it is. It's even better to talk about it.
Have I told you lately when I'm sleeping
Always think : I can do this !
There are a WHOLE slew of things that can go wrong if you don't immediately get to see your image flash up on an LCD panel, or if the viewfinder has nothing whatsoever to do with where the lens is pointing.
First problem: a lack of quality control in the sticker application process meant the QR code was bent around the edge of the banana peel – not scan-able, unless you peel up part of the sticker to get it straightened out.
At any rate, since all my anti-sickness measures have failed, it’s time for draconian action. Does someone out there work for the public health department? You could quarantine us, and let us get to the point where we are all healthy at the same time. That would be cool. And maybe that would end this cycle.
For ground that drinks the rain which often falls on it and brings forth vegetation useful to those for whose sake it is also tilled, receives a blessing from God; but if it yields thorns and thistles, it is worthless and close to being cursed, and it ends up being burned (Hebrews 6:7-8, NASB).
The crafty purchases from the NEC have been moved from the kitchen table to the cubbyhole but now I need to find them a home...my shopping spree was a quick "little legs going ten to the dozen" 15 minute sprint on Sunday morning before the show opened only to find that lots of the stuff on my list had sold out and I take my hat off to all those crafty shoppers who spent all day in those crowded aisles to bag their must-have products and hey those who came back for a second day of madness deserve a gold medal...
It's clear that children and young people are an absorbent audience to online networking with its ever-present pop-ups and sponsored links. Trends in marketing are also encouraging popular music videos featuring porn stars, and glamorous advertising that is aimed at adults will inevitably appeal to adolescents as they begin to move into young adulthood.
Camden council, which had about 1,500 discretionary pass holders, recently scrapped the scheme for anyone who did not meet national criteria for disability.
Maybe that’s a little dramatic, but I feel like it’s on par at this point.
(How good they look as they tramp down to the river, sweaty, with
13
I have never seen so many people in one place having that much fun. No drama, just fun, drinking, singing. Germany, one bonus point to you for throwing the best party I’ve ever been to! So, we ended up going to Stuttgart, whereas the original Oktoberfest is in Munich. However, Stuttgart is a little smaller (although, I can’t imagine how large Munich is because the “smaller” Stuttgart was very large) and a lot closer.
This is the sketch we had to work with:
To clarify, I do not expect anything resembling punctuality with a capital "p" when I am meeting a friend for a bourbon and a beer on a Tuesday night. However, if I plan to share my skills creatively collaborating via a meeting of minds, agreed to start at X pm, I'll be there at fifteen minutes to X. I feel my time is valuable - it's not a momentous leap of logic to assume that an other party considers their time valuable, so if I happen to show the disrespect of tardiness plus noncommunication, I certainly can't expect that person to readily do business with me again.
There is passing clouds but they don't look as threatening as they did yesterday and we got no rain today.
Warm a grill pan over medium high heat. Once the pan is hot, add the butter and melt completely. Add the prepared sandwich to the hot pan and reduce the heat to medium. Grill for two minutes before turning one-quarter turn to create perpendicular grill marks. After another two minutes, flip the sandwich and repeat the process on the other side.
The ultimate goal now is 75 kgs by April first week. I know its sounds too ambitious, but for me i know how it works, so lets see if i can.
No, no! Go from me. I have left her lately.
As per government estimates, Indian economy grew by 6.9 % in 2011-12 fiscal. The overall growth data was computed after taking into account 6.8 per cent industrial output in January. However, as per the recent data by the Central Statistical Organisation (CSO) the January industrial output works out to be 1.1 per cent and not 6.8 per cent as estimated earlier. Accordingly, the cumulative growth figure for April-January (2011-12) was lowered to 3.4 per cent, from 4 per cent. The downward revision, sources said, could have a bearing on the economic growth figures for the last fiscal, which was 6.9 per cent, the lowest in the previous three financial years. Finance Minister Pranab Mukherjee had already asked the concerned authorities to look into the impact of sharp revision of the Index of Industrial Production (IIP) numbers and termed it as “totally baffling”. “I can understand if there is error in calculating 0.1 per cent of 0.2 per cent, but from 6.8 per cent to 1.1 per cent, it is totally baffling,” Mukherjee had said. (Source: http://m.economictimes.com/news/economy/indicators/iip-blunder-government-may-lower-gdp-estimation-for-2011-12-fiscal/articleshow/12673255.cms)
All we can say is, one good gesture deserves another! Right?
As the woman’s voice reached into the bowels of my brain, I suddenly stopped yanking on the hair, looked up with eyes as big as saucers, glanced at my little sister – who’s eyes were even bigger and expression even more surprised than my own – glanced back into the horrified eyes of my one-time bully, and realised for the first time what I’d just done. With the little old lady still hobble-rushing towards us – still about sixty or so feet away – I leapt up, grabbed my sister by the hand and dragged her in a stumble-run all the way home.
We are not talking about religion here so pay close attention to the spelling of the text.
In the morning, she was still not there. He called the police. They told him there was nothing they could do until she was missing for at least 48 hours. He thought about calling her parents but didn’t want to worry them. Instead, he decided to try and find out which neighbour Nicola had gone to see - it will be embarrassing knocking on all the doors but he had no choice.
Heroic vs normal raids both can’t be done in a single lockout. Also
Michael’s pitch was raised even higher by the excitement. “You are a dog, a medieval imbecile who does not know when to quit. I welcome your death; it is the only way to make the human race perfect. The strong must be raised above the weak.”
What prompted me to write this book is that I feel there has to be a simple secret to success. I am also looking for a pathway to people who lived before me. Some have found it, some are still searching… I know as I am into something exciting and challenging because of what we are and why we are here on the planet called earth.
I've been seeing this sky weirdness in so many far apart geographies for so many years, I've come to some conclusions. Wait, let me express that more accurately to fit in with the exponentially negative aura of these times. While I know nothing, I-harbor-suspicions. Surely that makes me one in five US citizens suffering from untreated mental illness as calculated by a 2010 government survey. Regardless, my suspicions are not without cause. Some of the more popular American newspapers used to inadvertently show huge color photos of chemtrails crisscrossing in the background while photographically profiling some up and coming European literary or film figure, the usual full page filler for their glossy Sunday magazines. They seem to be covering their errors now, maybe there were queries and you know, queries about chemtrails are never answered or not even responded to with anything resembling a humble admission of ignorance or guilt by association via inside information. But I saw it, and what I saw was confirmation chemtrails are littering the skies of the whole of the western world. I have not been to the Middle East recently, so I can't say if they have chemtrails there, but if you have seen it up close or seen any unaltered photos of their skies showing chemtrails, I'd like to hear about it.
Saying that he did not want
Havi has a pup friend that has been in training with Shelby since he was a small little pup. Although we portray Havi as the perfect pup, she is far from it. We never truly trained her. She was good at being "our pup" (rarely destructive or anxious, a good cuddlebug, and good on the leash). But Havi has some serious leash aggression issues, as members of her pack walk can attest to!
One awesome/cute aspect of the web application is that it knows whether you are trying to “hack” it when you change settings. For instance, if I try to raise my “Maximum Time Allowed Per Day,” StayFocusd will prompt a series of dialogue boxes with the following:
At the violet hour, the evening hour that strives 220
were apparently recorded on the same equipment by the same taper and both came from the
Here is my giveaway-3 fat quarters of patriotic fabric, tokens & trifles, threads, 2 pieces of linen, a Mills Hills kit, 2 spools of ribbons, new cross-stitch towel, Christmas pillow,and pattern for Flutterby Garden for ipod or cell phone cover.
I know when school starts up at the end of August, and when we get some part time jobs we will be really busy, but we're gonna freakin love it.
“Well then let me change into something a bit more…interesting” she said, heading towards her Queendom.
16. Sunshine (Groovefinder Dance Mix) - Gareth Gates / 3:29
All the horses hooves were getting so soft! I began to ride out with Hoof boots, every time, for my mare began wincing upon any rocks at all.
Under the federal regulations governing spirits, whiskey must be made from "grain." Now, it's not totally clear what "grain" means under the law (more on that tomorrow), but I sure as hell know what it doesn't mean: potatoes.
8. Turn It Loose – 3:53
Besides street protests, sympathizers are asked to engage in a U.S. general strike to “shut it down,” referring to the country’s economy.
Photos by Bonnie Hudlet.
First, it shows I care about our fans and their businesses. Some of our fans are clients and some are not but they are all given the opportunity to network to each other and possibly make new contacts for their business.
This tongue
or maybe I feel that way because I have so much extra time on my hands.
14:21 left in the 2nd Quarter. And the Bruins are on the board. After getting an old fashioned mashin in the first quarter, UCLA brings the pain offensively and blasts out with some huge passes to get the touchdown. UCLA 7, UH 10.
Touches of robins egg blue...
29As Jesus and his disciples were leaving Jericho, a large crowd followed him. 30Two blind men were sitting by the roadside, and when they heard that Jesus was going by, they shouted, “Lord, Son of David, have mercy on us!” 31The crowd rebuked them and told them to be quiet, but they shouted all the louder, “Lord, Son of David, have mercy on us!” 32Jesus stopped and called them. “What do you want me to do for you?” he asked. 33“Lord,” they answered, “we want our sight.” 34Jesus had compassion on them and touched their eyes. Immediately they received their sight and followed him.
(The museum’s diorama of Velletri is especially superb.)
I had it all mapped out in front of me,
You could spend one hour on a Saturday or Sunday preparing 5 meals for your busy week!! Yep, it only costs you the cost of the groceries and the one hour time investment, and you have meals for the whole week! Done!
As a result of their poor performance in 2009, attendance dropped at Citi Field in 2010, as the luster of the new ballpark faded quicker than the team did in the standings. The team struggled to draw fans early this season, but as the team has gradually improved from month to month, the fans have been coming back. The Mets’ have drawn at least 30,000 fans to Citi Field in each of their last eight home games. Prior to that, they had fewer than 30,000 fans in attendance in 23 of their first 33 home dates, including a Citi Field-low paid attendance of 21,015 against the division rival Atlanta Braves on Sunday, June 5.
The first card I am posting is one of my favourite images relating to the festive season ‘The Snowman’ I hope you like him.
Jess limps to the ring, after his match with Kurt Angle this past Sunday. He wants one more shot, and Anderson tells him to get in the back of the line, he is here first.
I have personally used Ohm software for the last 5 years, the Ohmboys delay fx are still a huge main stay
With your life's actions to rehash
Lenny is one hell of an interesting case. From taking a random trip with his kids to upstate New York with a woman, and her boyfriend, he barely knows; to drugging his kids when he is forced to work a late shift as a movie-theater projectionist, with near-disastrous results; to getting himself thrown into the slammer when he's caught tagging during a late night out on the town with a couple of male buddies: Here is a man who acts like he is a slave to his child-like, self-centered and stubborn whims. That child-like quality, though, paradoxically makes the character, for all the problematic behavior he displays in the film, strangely magnetic. As Bronstein plays him, he exudes a strangely charming openness to life, a sense of genuine wonder amidst the grungy environment in which he lives (skillfully captured in 16mm by Brett Jutkiewicz and Josh Safdie); at its best, the film itself exudes a similarly warm feeling, sometimes whimsically zeroing in on side characters—a homeless beggar here, a Chinese-restaurant owner there—unimportant to the story but simply there to provide lively textures to Lenny's world that even Lenny himself is too self-absorbed to perceive.
One of our concerns is her poop is looking really mucus-y at times. I was just assuming that she's swallowing a lot of mucus right now, and instead of puking it out she's pooping it out (it's a wonderful visualization, I know). Since I'm definitely concerned about her weight, and her team is a bit concerned, they're going to start testing for some other possible conditions that could be in play other than the CF. Since we had to do her annual blood draw today, they're going to run a test for celiac disease at the same time. We don't think she has celiac, but they want to start there to rule out the possibility.
Like many of you, one my goals for 2011 was to get my life and home more organized. I really LOVE having a well organized space where there's a spot for everything. I think it truly makes life easier and as a new mom I'm all about anything that will make life easier.
Owl in Love by Patrice Kindl, 1995: Were-creatures in YA are more common now, but this story of a wereowl remains highly original.
Tanstaafl, I fail to see how Jewish liberals are any different from any other liberal. Sure, “anti-Semite” is used against people who are not anti-Semites, but how is that any different from liberals falsely calling, say, Bush a hater of black people?
She’s in her late 40s now: we first met when we were both teenagers. She was a trainee nurse, I was still at school – there was just over a year’s age difference between us. She had become a nurse, she told us cheerfully, because the careers adviser at her school knew three things to tell girls: be a secretary, be a nun, be a nurse. She couldn’t type and didn’t believe in God, so that left just one option.
51. Five Flavors of Dumb Antony John
Phew...that was quite a post!
Lift the parchment paper from one of the shorter sides and roll the egg tightly, peeling back the parchment as you go
If you haven’t tried Boogie Wipes already, you should and here’s your chance. The Soul Mom is giving away 2 30 count packs of Boogie Wipes to one lucky reader.
The author of the Book of Nehemiah doesn’t concluded his account with a commandment “Thus shall ye pray also, when you are being scorned by your enemies!” But neither does he infer that the way Nehemiah prayed is wrong and that his prayer should never be emulated by other believers.
- In Baltimore, Maryland, USA, it is still an offence to take a lion into a cinema.
The day after the wedding favor is done, I went on a vacation for a week on early May to NY (yes, it was a while ago) and work was super hectic before I left and right after I came back (that always happens, doesn't it?). I came back with a severe windburn from NYC, which I got on the first day on my vacation :(. It finally healed up a week after I got back from my vacation, but never again I go out of the house sun or no sun without sunblock everywhere, it was a painful experience :(. But other than that, everything was great, we ate constantly, visited many bakeries, and we certainly walk A LOT. The first 4 days in NY wasn't very nice, it was so cold, rainy, windy, so not a good weather to stroll around, but it got better on the last day we stayed so we took the oppotunity to bike around the Central Park. We also went to DC to visit the National Mall, fortunately it was a good day in DC, warm and sunny and we did bike around the monuments. I will post pictures later after I got to it :)
I just realized that Christmas is like a month away! We have just over a month to get ready! Eek! Thinking about Christmas shopping got me wondering how you handle this with your teens? Are your teens responsible for buying gifts for family members? Do you give them money to use? Do they use their own money? Do you exchange gifts with multiple family members or do you draw names and have only person to buy for?
Field and Stream
Directed By: Steve McQueen
11th), Can’t Buy Time (Fell 18th), Arbor Supreme (Fell 28th)
Today I’m sharing an article by Denise Le Fay. She does a nice job describing the Ascension symptoms and reactions to solar flares that so many of my clients and colleagues continue to experience.
I thought that this interviewer of those with the fire could be Fanny Kiefer or Ian Thom but they did not seem to fit. Then I saw you in my mind one morning giving a talk in the gallery. I figured this interviewer could be you. You have the personality, the good looks, the knowledge and even the connections to start an art talk show. Perhaps Fanny or Gordon or Ian could help you. You could interview Shadbolt’s successor at UBC, those at Emily Carr U. or people like Sylvia Tait or Gathie Falk. This may be the time to shine a light on what art can be in these days of economic doldrums, world chaos and the advent of our new art museum.
So, just looking at the current polls, admitting all of the flaws with looking at them, Romney is up in a lot of the swing states.
“Integrity is doing the right thing when no one will ever know.”
We played at one of the parks in our neighborhood for an hour and Beckham experienced his first sucker!
My capstone research looks at the U.S. media’s portrayal of Arab culture and identity. Many past researchers have studied the stereotypes and typical frames that plague U.S. news and popular media’s representation of the Arab and Muslim world. Jack Shaheen and Rasha Mohamed used content analysis to identify and the later, to quantify, the prevalence of certain categories of stereotypes.
I am going to brag today because I am given the rights to unlimited bragging (giggle). I saw a few comments congratulating me on my win at Lily Pads Blog. So I went over to the blog and scrolled down. I saw my card and I don't know what came upon me that I closed the page. I think I didn't expect it as a winner and also it has been sometime since I made this card. After a few minutes, I went back to the blog and re read it again. I am honoured and humbled that this card of mine is picked as a winner :)
would be helpful to sort through these terms more easily,
The Afrikaners began to settle in South Africa in the 18th century, fleeing religious persecution in Europe. They established two prosperous states which created job opportunities for blacks, who began pouring in from adjacent areas. The United Kingdom unleashed two devastating wars on them -- the Anglo-Boer wars. The British used scorched-land methods and invented the concentration camp, in which 15% of Afrikaners from both republics died.
It's a mess. It's a disaster. It’s a landfill in a box. It's...
There is a little less chaos, too: we get a kind of resolution to the mysteries, and the book feels doubly thin as a result. Even the opening and closing lines, always a matter of meticulous attention for Ellis, seem less than heroic.
26. Sequence 26 (02:40)
And, as the artist, I imagine her speaking
Barrister Toby Long, for Hines, told the appeal court his client attacked after Mr Hutton approached and stood “12 to 18 inches away”.
We celebrate by eating our meals in colorfully decorated succot which remind us of God’s protection in the desert. Our prayers in the synagogue are punctuated by the waving of the Four Species, by which we thank God for His agricultural bounty. From this description, it might seem that the emphasis during Succot is on religious rituals connecting God and Israel. However, the great legalist-philosopher Maimonides makes the following comment in his Laws of Festivals: “During the days of our Festival, it is incumbent upon every individual to rejoice and to be glad of heart, parents, children and extended family. However, when one eats and drinks in a festival meal, we are commanded to offer hospitality to the stranger, the orphan and the widow together with other poor and needy individuals.
but clothes in the closet.
I love this little boy more than anything in the world. Every time I signed onto my blog to start a post, I revisited Hank's post and became a blubbery mess.(I would like to permanently block out all the memories surrounding the surgery and delivery.) I am just so grateful he made it here safely and am overwhelmed with gratitude when I think about it...he is a perfect little addition to our family.
Chelsham and Farleigh
24. See Alexander Solzhenitsyn, The Gulag Archipelago 1918 1956: An Experiment in Literary Investigation, Volume 1, trans., Thomas Witney, Harper Collins, 1991, p.66.
My next appointment is Friday, March 2. It will be my last appointment with my OB before she goes on maternity leave.
I went to Boots first, trying to pick up their new polishes as they were on 3 for 2. However, the Hed Kandi one I wanted was sold out. So, I headed off in search of the new store and found it with great ease.
the net, but only used a
A teacher's nightmare,
On this darkness-bound shore.
22. Spoiled - 1964
Like the similarly pointless Friday The 13th, a glossy, gory remake of a 1970s horror that serves only to highlight Hollywood’s creative bankruptcy.
As I said, it was initially hard for me to envision a zombie novel as a romance. However, either Marion’s writing changed my perception or love really does affect us all – living or undead. Marion can relate to our uncertainties about a romantic zombie. “I didn’t want to sanitize him into something I called a zombie,” Marion says. “You watch him kill people and eat people and do horrific things zombies do. There’s a germ of change in there, so you hear him give his distaste for things but this is what we do.
The person of the priest is in the person of Jesus and so imbedded in Him, that with Christ and like Christ he lives a life of celibacy. Our world has no use for celibacy and is at the point where it thinks that nobody can live without free access to sex. To take on a life that is a statement to the contrary is bravery.
MY FATHER DID IT
He said: ‘High integration of brain networks seems to be associated with high IQ.
On Point is a sister company of SGL Engineering, which started out as Segwalo Consulting Engineers in 2002, and the Ratanang Family Trust has a stake in On Point. Malema resigned as a director of SGL Engineering last year.
i've met quite a few folk whose Significant Other is happy to be a Patron of the Arts.
Kates ABC
A week ago the council held a first reading on an ordinance clarifying the speed limits based on the study’s findings.
Manchester United
So, I’m Catholic. A practicing Catholic. And I am therefore supposed to (required to) go to church every Sunday.
What teaching supplies can you *not* live without?
Veronique is right. Next time, I do need to bring a friend with me down to Aix. Any takers?
Lurking on the inside
This wouldn't be a party w/o GIVEAWAYS!
8. Big Black Train (Christiansen, Oberg) 3:58
Your sales staff is are goal archivers and if they can’t fill one goal they will concentrate on another in this case there are 2 that they can and will achieve and that is they make more calls and meet more decision makers. This should bring automatic results in, more sales. But what if the sales targets is communicated after the calls and meetings numbers? What if the middle exec communicated to the next level that the board of directors wants higher meeting numbers and much more activity on the phone? What if that is what is communicated as the goal to achieve?
Amun Ra is not a god! Amun Ra is the Kamitic moment of the sun that corresponds to REBIRTH, that the Ba-Kongo called MUSONI. This is why our ancestors met clandestine in the cabins, fields, etc. and did the ring shout, because through the ecstatic dance they could RECREATE themselves in the foreign land they found themselves in. Through dance and trance one is able to communicate with the Spirit(s) and get fresh, new ideas and create success. This in my opinion is how Kamitic success was truly created.
- water and food was not given to prisoners for days while keeping them continually marching in the tropical heat
I glance out over the room, straight faced, partially honored that I’ve been ask to speak and partially peeved that these recent college graduates are getting paid to sit in a training room for nine months before they ever have to take on any real responsibility. Greg and I learned on the job. These guys get the equivalent of an SAT crash course prior to being tested. They also get quarterly bonuses for doing so, a perk that took me six months worth of gut-wrenching public humiliations to earn.
So, I shall get to it!
Too soon it was time to suspend with the questions and Maria set off to begin signing all of our books. A lot of people had brought her entire collection with them and Maria was really great and took the time with each of us, signing personal messages in each book, posing for photos and answering some last-minute questions.
This revision of Bloom’s thesis from The Anxiety of Influence: A Theory of Poetry captures the fundamental portrait of how contemporary scholarship understands the theological dynamics of inner-biblical interpretation and of an approach to Old Testament theology that emphasizes activity (verb) over a particular idea, concept, or motif (noun). There is an organic continuity that exists between the kind of theological activity that takes place within the pages of Scripture and that which takes place among contemporary practitioners of Old Testament theology. Michael Fishbane first hinted at this continuity in his book, Biblical Interpretation in Ancient Israel where he suggests that rabbinical methods of interpretation are an extension of the kind of interpretive activity already taking place within the Hebrew Bible. Despite some legitimate criticisms, the fundamental connection between ancient and contemporary biblical interpretation has taken root and is beginning to blossom in Old Testament theology.
Pearsell (1986) gives a number of possible reasons for the Nineteenth Century decline in Rotherhithe ship building including
a woman’s desire, my own,
My daughter was quite upset by some of the things that happened to slaves, and I think it's most definitely one of the most important subjects to teach children. Go check it out.
We all know that the wine growers of the Languedoc need every bit of help that is going to get their wines better known, and you would expect that the port of entry for many of the visitors to the region would be suitably supportive. There is after all that large sign in the airport, welcoming us to the largest vineyard in the world. So what would you expect them to be serving at the new restaurant? How about an imaginative range of wines from the region, perhaps featuring a wine or two of the month, to illustrate the wonderful variety of the Languedoc?
reviews, Simon Jones for Froots writes: ‘A unique, almost spaced but addictive
As Kingsley raised his glass in front of him:
Breakfast in bed (coffee and a banana- followed shortly by waffles and bacon and fresh pineapple) and a bag of goodies from Trader Joes.
When she looked out the kitchen window, she could see it was really pouring outside. "It looks like an inside kind of day Lulu. That's okay, we've got plenty of things we can do. I think later, I might even start a fire in the fireplace since it’s so chilly in here. Are you hungry" as she went to get some food for her. Mary fed the cat and then started the coffee. She went to the pantry and got some oatmeal. When it was done, Mary put some blueberries in the oatmeal and sat at the kitchen table and contemplated what she would do that day.
“Spiritual reading is to the soul what food is to the body. Be careful, therefore, to select such books as will furnish your soul with the best nourishment. I would recommend you to become familiar especially with the works of Saint Francis de Sales. When the choice of reading matter is made by the advice of a spiritual director the teaching it contains should be looked upon as coming from the mouth of God.”
When Peter isn’t problem-solving, he’s relaxing with a good pick-up game of soccer. He likes watching Champions and Premier League games when he can, but it's difficult with the time difference. In his other free time, he’s driving to the Shenandoah National Park with some friends for a hike, white-water rafting, or some fishing. He’s recently made the purchase of a lifetime -- a motorbike -- taking his Ducati Monster whenever the elements allow. He enjoys the feeling he gets when he is able to navigate smoothly through the heavy traffic in the District of Columbia.
Lip Curling:
Blurb (Goodreads description):
He supposed now was as good a time as any for introductions.
But along with the sunrise (which I have to say, was entirely overrated) came an infusion of clean-shaven guys in neck ties and smartly dressed women with up-dos, making the population appear decidedly less creepy. It seemed our game was at an end…. at least until our return trip back home.
We talk doggy style and that's more than enough for me.
In less than two weeks my first full length book will be released and I will finally join my crowd of talented friends. Of course I'd love for everyone of y'all to buy a copy but I understand not everyone finds bulldog masturbation stories funny. So I guess what I'm saying is don't feel guilty if you fall in that camp. Writing is subjective and there is no story or book that pleases everyone. But even if THE FEEDSTORE CHRONICLES isn't your cup of tea I'd be quite ecstatic if you mention its release to your cousin Larry, the crazy guy down at meat market, or the hillbilly that lives next door.
If the fear of man is a snare, then I am a little fox with her poor ankle smashed nearly irreparably in its hinges. (and no, that does not make me a foxy mama).
Why should I strive live a minimalist lifestyle?
"Use your own toothbrush," Tom bristled.
The Royal Malaysian Air Force (RMAF) lost two jet engines, worth millions. Only three junior RMAF employees were arrested.
May 2012 Music Festivals: Top acts play across Europe, and the U.S. hosts Sasquatch! in Washington, Sunfest in Florida and a bash on Beale Street in Memphis.
Which made me think… What would happen if…if…I typed “sweet” and “mother” into the engine…
Mbahamaz Paul is a servant called to raise up a generation of radical fiery burning ones. He is the president and founder of Forerunners Ministries International. He carries the heart of the Father and releases the atmosphere of Heaven as he teaches and ministers to both young and old. Paul is a catalyst for reformation and awakening in the Body of Christ today.
Jesse then got really quiet...I was starting to get just a little concerned again...
Beckett finally settled down in Paris in 1937. Shortly thereafter, he was stabbed in the street by a man who had approached him asking for money. He would learn later, in the hospital, that he had a perforated lung. After his recovery, he went to visit his assailant in prison. When asked why he had attacked Beckett, the prisoner replied "Je ne sais pas, Monsieur", a phrase hauntingly reminiscent of some of the lost and confused souls that would populate the writer's later works.
My final musing: Who has outlasted every last one?
Okay the xeondocheionolgy is a lie, but I do love hotels.
I don't want to say I'm at the point of giving up. I love this loved one too much to do that. But if we could only help this person see their need to give themselves a good shaking and toss off the layers and layers of apathy. To begin to enjoy life instead of burying themselves away from the world. There's so much out there. If only they could chop down a few of those trees in the forest and see the sunlight.
1 cup sliced mushrooms
There were two staples in any of these freshman girls’ dorm rooms;
The thing is, this short moment of freedom was quickly replaced with fear. Here is how THAT happened. We began figuring out where to put the money that we had been putting towards his truck. Well, we need to start saving for his fall tuition, and for taxes for 2012, oh and I really need to start a freaking food storage since I am afraid that people are going to go crazy next year and food will be bare on the grocery shelves, and then we'll need a gun if the end of the world really is coming and we get attacked by zombies, and oh my gosh, how on earth did we ever think we could ever take another vacation, and we still need to pay off MY car, and our credit card, and ... Like I said, that freeing moment fled and it fled fast.
The Bhootnatha Temples are dedicated to Lord Shiva—Shiva in the form of the God of souls, spirits and ghosts. Built out of red sandstone probably sourced from the surrounding hills, the two temples are placed opposite one another at the eastern and western banks of the Agastya Teertha. The approach to the Agastya Teertha and the Bhootnatha Temples from Badami Caves is via a narrow and winding path that passes through a village.
Because Sinulog draws more than 2 million people (according to estimates), politicians drool to take part and take advantage of the celebration.
You’ve got hopes and dreams of your own, right?
Bat in the Attic Games
Speaking of the weekend, this week wore me out! And I'm so looking forward to the weekend to catch up on all the little things I can't get done during the week (i get so stressed about the little things) but i'm mostly excited to relax and read a book or something! And maybe make some ice cream...
I also pointed out that it’s not so much about the events, it’s hanging out, spending time with a friend and doing something different.
N: Well sir as you know we’ve had quite a robust community campaign; focusing on those individuals who are influential within their community. In particular we’ve focused on the elephants this year.
God bless. Godspeed. Rest in peace. May others take their example of how to live a good life from you.
twirl to a finish like a final
You are trying for the AAGO this year. What are some of the challenges as you prepare for it?
In my world, the perfect French toast has a golden brown exterior with crisp edges and a rich, custardy (is that a word?) center.
“We have a lot of really beautiful ephemera – programs, posters and promotional materials, a ton of press clippings, amazing video and audio from the last 30 years, and thousands and thousands of photographs. We have a photo collection that rivals any that I can think of in the performing arts,” says Lehner, who was hired in 2005 as BAM’s first full-time archivist.
Scoop the batter into the prepared pan and smooth out the top. Bake on the middle rack of the oven for 1 hour to 1 hour and 10 minutes, or until a toothpick inserted one inch from the center comes out clean.
Like these ladies-Mary Reed and Anne Bonny and the lovely lady with parrot and eye patch.
You'll have to excuse me if over the next three months I get a little weepy around here while we prepare to move. I can't help it. I'm gonna miss Los Angeles.
Rich said “Quick quick, take a picture” so I took a photo of the top of the guide’s head as he leant over the beast. I was sure that merely pointing a camera in the direction of the spider would cause it to leap up at me.
Why? First I think partly it is because I have now become comfortable with what is going on. I have surrendered it to the Lord. I am okay at the place He has had me in. It is a place that I am so often forced to return too with no prior warning.
The appeal is the latest development in the nine-year court battle between the American Indians and the Interior Department which has gone back and forth between the District and Appeals Courts as both sides argue whether the government can accurately assess how much it really owes the Indians.
My son hadn't even gotten within four feet of Chanti when the bird saw the broom. He ran as fast as he could back toward the chicken run squawking the whole way.
“My darling, of course I love you. You are my world, my light, my everything. If you were not in my life, well, I wouldn’t know what to do. My heart would be torn asunder, split like the firewood between Calder’s lumber axe. Why must you ask such silly things?”
When talking with Jonathan's school friend today, we used the example of his juggling. He's an expert juggler for his age and he spends a lot of time researching technique, watching pros on youtube, finding the right equipment, practicing, and even choreographing new and unique rhythms. "Just think how much you learn about juggling all the time!" I pointed out, and we talked about how learning isn't something one only does at school. He does learn at school, and he's an excellent student, but that's one way to learn among many. He seemed happy at that notion, that he learns at school but he learns in other ways at other times and in other places as well, and it's not always stressful or boring or difficult.
Avery is communicating a lot more.
A former engineer at the Monticello nuclear power plant says he raised concerns six years ago about safety vents like the ones that may have worsened Japan’s nuclear accident, but the industry didn’t want to hear his concerns.
As for the whole Jack/Emily/Daniel triangle – that got rather interesting as well. Jack managed to inadvertently create tension between Emily and Daniel to the extent that the latter was reckless enough to violate his own bail conditions. I didn’t like seeing Daniel shoving Emily in this episode but given that he’s being lied to left, right and centre, it’s easy to see why he lost it in this episode.
Think I'll roll another number for the road,
It might seem strange, to parents who worry about these things, to hear someone calling 'bring it on' to boundary-pushing behaviour. But freedom is where we find out who we are - what our limits are, when we've pushed them a bit too far for comfort. It's where we learn what it's right to be afraid of, and what's not worth worrying about.
(Reporting by David Henry in NEW YORK and Miyoung Kim in SEOUL; Editing by Matt Driskill)
And, according to people knowledgeable about Lebanese banking, the central bank’s on-the-ground representative had been recommended to that post by Hezbollah.
So, I started my college-educated adulthood with a face full of frosting and a small lump the size of a plastic ballerina on the side of my head.I swear I didn't mean for there to be any sexual metaphor going on there. It was just supposed to be about how graduating from college and joining the "real world" sucked. (Though I was heavily into Tom Robbins at the time, which could explain a thing or two.)
They move between the kitchen and the hall–
I had to be her taking the first steps, but MAN is it amazing how quickly tides can turn, (and how quickly they can turn right back around again, I’m not duped into believing this may pass)..but I will stand and enjoy this NEW DAY for as long as I can….
I choose that my income will exceed my outflow, to God’s glory in Christ Jesus! Amen!
For me, I love taking photos of the old places.
Former Prime Minister Tun Abdullah Ahmad Badawi pointed out that many members said they give full support to Najib but they are discontented with the “1 Malaysia” concept behind his back. For them, the concept is unfavourable to Malays. He also urged party members not to sabotage behind the prime minister.
Well, if you listen to me, you have hooked up, or you immediately went out to purchase your weather radio. Hopefully, you purchased one that is SAME (Specific Area Message Encoder) code enabled. If not, don't freak, just having a weather radio could mean the difference between life and death. If you got one that is SAME code enabled, you are able to program your radio using specific codes, so your radio will only alert you when weather advisories pertain to that specific county. You can find codes for the counties you want alerts for by selecting your state at this link. Now what? Well, you wait for "inclement" weather. You will hear weekly tests of the EAS (Emergency Alert System), so the broadcasters can be certain the signal is going out properly. Anyone who didn't hear the National test of this alert system can recognize the value of the test. When inclement weather is present, the test will not occur. Generally, the alert in your area will start with a watch of some sort. Ideally, a severe thunderstorm or even a tornado watch will be issued for your area. A watch simply warns you that conditions are favorable for the weather described in the watch to occur. This should alert you to be aware and mindful of rapidly changing conditions, have your emergency kit ready. You should always have a disaster kit ready, but now's your chance to freshen it up, double check those batteries. Be mindful and vigilant. A watch means that the weather could happen.
Here is some more information that you might find useful.
dark house. i think about you and your eyes
Snickers Blondies
Tonight is the first night in the three months of unemployment that I haven’t been able to hold it together. This raises the question, “what do you do when you can’t just walk away?”
We don't play around when locks go missing.
Please watch the video and leave comments. As I said it is kind of graphic but powerfully so.
7. He’s a Dynamo (Ballard) 7:03
So here is what I made today
4. When both directions of lines are burnt into the mango, flip it over and cook for about a minute on the skin side.
5 pm – 6:45 pm An urban virtual happening, QRcodes and Geocaching in downtown Edmonton, preregistration required. Meet in the Atrium, Enterprise Square;
But the true moment of horror came the following morning, when my wife couldn't find the underwear she'd been wearing the night before. The expression on her face when I suggested it might be next door was priceless (as was the look of relief when I later told her that it was actually in our bathroom).
After a celebratory midnight dinner of traditional South American beef, plantains, and corazon de pollo, (yes – chicken hearts), we exchanged many hugs with Jekyns’ family before heading to our hotel for beauty sleep before tomorrow’s big event… shopping!
All that before our brewery tour at the Abdij Koningshoeven near Tilburg! Remember when we were there this past February? This time we took the tour because Bob just happens to be a beer connoiseur and even makes his own beer!
Ashlyn Caverhill has left behind her senior year of high school to live with her grandmother, and she's not happy about it. Small-town Maine has nothing on Toronto. But her mother is ill, and there's nowhere else to go. Even though it contains one Caden Williams--the hottest guy she's ever seen--Ashlyn thinks Prescott Junction is the deadest place ever. She may be right. A lot of people seem to die mysteriously down by the long-abandoned train tracks. Her own father died there before she was born. The townspeople whisper about a ghost train that comes for the souls of Prescott Junction's most troubled citizens, but Ashlyn scoffs--until one night she sees the train for herself and its ghoulish conductor nearly coaxes her on board. Ashlyn's fear grows when she finds an old radio that haunts the Caverhill family. They've thrown it out. It comes back. They've buried it. It comes back. They've sunk it in the lake, and still it comes back. Even though it's never plugged in, the radio broadcasts stories of future events that always come to pass. Imagine Ashlyn's horror when the radio's top story is "Ashlyn Caverhill boards the ghost train." Now, with the help of Caden and her new friend Rachel, Ashlyn must find a way to escape the radio's curse before she's forced to ride the ghost train forever.
I just had another call from the surgeon’s office. When I met with them, I gave them the list of medications I can never take again because I have had a Gastric Bypass. I also informed them that I needed liquid antibiotics and liquid pain killer. Liquid because the pill forms of these medications cannot be crushed and placed in applesauce and they are usually too big to pass through the stomach opening. All I would need to have happen would be for one of the “pills” to block the opening of the stomach. Well, she had never seen the necessity of having liquid medicines but she would look into it and get them ordered at the pharmacy. I am to pick them up tomorrow.
“Sure sure babe. Come on in.”
Well today’s most interesting story was about increasing NPA of Indian Banks.. and how little banks have to lend. This detailed article is a must read for all those who feel banking sector is out of thier lows as they are now qouting at 20 – 30% from their lows… The worst is yet to come!!!
Complaints from the locals and troublemakers were handled by a combination of ignoring the voices of concern or hiring them. With over 50% of the workers in Barbados employed by the government in one way or another it is not difficult to envision why individual Bajans are reluctant to complain about government-approved land development. Citizens couldn’t (and still can’t) rely upon the news media at all, and the courts… well, the people who ran the courts were the same folks who ran the government so there wasn’t much hope for justice. Citizens got that message pretty quickly when David Simmons went from Attorney General to Chief Justice as fast as you could say “de fix is in.”
They are capable of showing signs and wonders
Jacob the werewolf has a bit of sparkle. He’s a sort of back-up love interest for Bella, who seemingly can’t cope without a regular dose of male-monster attention. He’s far more appealing, but Bella falls into the classic trap of mistaking brooding introversion with depth of feeling and character. A fatal error. Edward is a 100 year old adolescent who will never get any more interesting. Imagine how she’ll feel about him after 100 years of marriage. Yes, they get married, I’ve looked it up.
I actually made two cards I loved this layout so much! The other card said "If Friends Were Flowers.... I'd pick you on the front." and "Thanks for being my friend" on the inside. If you own any flower stamp sets, this set, Say it with Flowers is a MUST HAVE. The flowers on the front are from the stamp set Fabulous Florals, which also, in my opinion, is another must have. It matches the sentiment set so nicely.... right? :)
Stop, drop, and roll if you see it.
We need to do a better job at making sure that our parents know what’s best for their kids.
I just hope those few moments of shallow enjoyment you got from lashing out at the girl were worth it. Because whatever short-term pleasure you may have derived from your verbal flaying will likely soon be overshadowed not only by the embarrassment of the media frenzy it ignited, but also by the possibly irreparable damage you have done to your relationship with your step-son, your future daughter-in-law, her family, your family and, potentially, your future grandchildren
Anna has this adorable discipline system in her kindergarten class. There are several types of small, plastic insets and animals in a tub near the chalk board. When a child does something that is being disruptive to the class or the teacher, the teacher simple will say, "Anna, go put a turtle in your pocket."
Love You TIll Friday
Here’s a brief excerpt:
But wait, one of the big tall lads is waving at me and giving me a thumbs up. It's not... wee Cam.....? But before the summer wee Cam was wee enough to be officially smaller than me. Now "Wee" Cam looks like he's not far short of six feet. So the blonde haired guy behind him is... Stuie??? Even wee Stu's filled out enough to at least look like he could carry a rucksack.
In spite of the recent debt downgrade, financial woes and flailing economy, investors from China see the United States as a stable–and desired–place to put their money.
I’m entering this into the following:’
1-2 cinnamon stick
This brings me to another theory- Time creates space.
There are a few recipes out there for Spanish hot chocolate and most of the one’s aimed at getting that gloopy, thick consistency involve adding cream or other naughty bits that actually aren’t nescessary..Here’s all you’ll need (plus some churros or cookies) and guaranteed, everyone will LOVE them!
Emoticom time.
I grab your attention like a jester but this is far from a ruse.
He passed through the groves in haste,
Actually, in early 2009, their website FAQ’s hinted at self-publishing by listing ‘famous authors’ who had travelled the self-publishing path over the last century. Needless to say, some of the cited authors did indeed self-publish, but many others did not—certainly not in the manner Austin & MacAuley presented the cited authors. The FAQ’s on their website in 2009 hinting at Austin & MacAuley’s fees for publishing a book disappeared by 2010. Let us just say if D. H. Lawrence, Beatrix Potter and James Joyce were doing the rounds of publishers today, it is unlikely they would be calling to the doors of their Canary Wharf offices in London along with the morning postman.
Spencer
THE SOOTHESAYER INTERNET NEWSLETTER
I have refrained from writing about the Danish cartoons issue, not because it doesn't concern me but rather because too mush has been written about it and I didn't feel like I would be adding something new to the discussion.
Produce
Two tone black and silvery gold T strap heels - Thrifted
Just to be on the safe side I got Sgt Major to come down and be a witness. I was glad I did.
Just so BLAH
That’s tied with Spain for the highest of any country in the survey . . . the global average is 44%.
From there, I went on to work as a chambermaid in a bed & breakfast, an assistant manager of a frozen yogurt stand, a counselor at a day camp, a typist at a newspaper, an inventory-taker (!), and even a telemarketer (!!). I also worked in a tanning salon, and the nursery of a gym where parents would drop off their kids while they worked out.
another dream i am hoping to make a reality is to attend haystack this year. it's a world renowned two weeksummer arts intensive workshop on the coast of maine, living and working there - i've wanted to go for years. it's a lot to juggle with my family's schedule, but i am really ready to push myself, learn some new skills and immerse myself in work with no distractions. it's exciting to imagine how that's going to feel.
I also think that every individual has something unique and interesting to say. No one else in the world has your perspective, beliefs or experiences in the world. You can take your life experiences and put them into fictional characters, a memoir, a poem, or any other form you can think of. Writing is a great way to solidify and understand who you are as a person. It can be great therapy, or even a simple distraction to get you through a difficult time. And it’s a great way to share who you are with the world.
Kim says he anticipates North Korea will attempt something much more paralyzing than those previous attacks, such as taking down South Korean government internal computer systems. And as far as an attack on the South Korean media, he says, based on Monday’s declared threat by Pyongyang, it will be something unexpected and unprecedented.
4. The Top 5 entries are picked the day entries close and will be posted the very next day. Once the Top 5 are posted, voting then begins for the "Peoples Choice" winner, who recieves the sponsor prize. Voting tallies can be seen up until the last 3 days and then you will not be able to see who is in the lead until the winner is posted as the next challenge begins. If you are selected for the Top 5 please email Suzie sue@tranquilpc.co.uk to recieve your blinkie badge. If you are voted the Peoples Choice winner and or selected as a GDT, please email Rina APawSpa@aol.com to recieve your prize and Suzie sue@tranquilpc.co.uk to recieve the blinkie badge.
She confessed to be addicted to the micro blogging site Twitter and has recently made known to the world through Twitter that she has signed a contract with Universal Music Group and Desi Hits to launch an album, which will not be country specific. She gushed about the news and is considerably adept at taking up a singing offer as she is already trained in western classical.
Tim Holtz Weathered Clock, Gathered Gears Alterations collection with Sizzix
Sounds easy?? Well for me its not!
3rd PRIZE £300
“Mem. Memory. Memorize. No momentum can escape—” Ian’s heels squeak across the linoleum. His duck-walk is unstoppable.
Last time I had a drink with him was at The Saratoga, a dark Sunset Boulevard saloon in Los Angeles that blended perfectly with some of the shadowy characters that filled its booths and packed the counter.
My fingers are metaphorically crossed as I await the Readers' Digest results. Meanwhile, I'll forget all about it and move on.
The question then becomes, what does nice really mean? As I’ve stated before, part of the problem is that a lot of men think they’re nice guys just because they’re not as bad as the next dude. But it’s not really something that can be compared between two people. Sure you may be nicer than the guy who cheated on her 5 times, but if you lie to her constantly, is it really that much of a difference?
Caressing me,
Etiquette, after all, is just a fancy word for being considerate of another person - whether it is not farting in public or showering before receiving a rim job.
Background - French Script (Stampin' Up) - I dabbed it a bit with a paper towel to make it unevenly inked
Over to you, Miriam...
Be one of the First Five to Arrive to receive a goody bag with...
