Anyway, see you all tomorrow :o)
Abby seemed skeptical. "Impossible, Dad. No one can do that."
The East India Company did everything in a very organised way. Including getting beer for the use of their troops in India. Great for me, because they've left loads of evidence behind for me to gather up from the road of history. Much like my grandmother used to chase after the coalman, picking up any coals that spilled.
When I say to parents that their course fee includes any support they need between the end of the course and the birth of their baby, I really do mean it. I want the parents I work with to have a great birth experience and I feel chuffed to bits to have been able to help in this small way.
Honk, honk, bleeeeeeeep came from her fellow motorist shaking her from her state of catatonia. She looked down and realized the little blue hatchback had slowed to 10 miles per hour. She looked in her rear view mirror and saw a man exiting his vehicle and heading her way. Why was he walking? Why was he headed toward her car?
I see Icarus rising
Due to the holidays, I had to track down the results of all my heart monitoring and of course my PCP was out, so it was a little complicated. But, in the end, all of my labs and the results of the holter monitor came back clear! So, it appears my little ticker is just working extra hard with the increased blood volume with the pregnancy. I was very relieved to hear the good news – one less thing to worry about!
It’s a really terrific movie.
"You've never had biscuits and gravy?"
I did not have any books with me this time. But the flight was anything but boring, and flying is such a wonderous magical experience which we seem to have forgotten.
Malema predicted that the nationalisation of mines would still happen in his lifetime.
# You are logged in with your global ADMIN credentials.That is,
So, in the mean time, I hope you won't get too bored reading post after post on simple bakes on this blog space. I am not being humble, I did get a comment sometime back that I am getting boring (^_^''')
Evolution Brewing, Burly Oak, Georgetown Brewing and Fordham are all local breweries within a short drive from Milton and Rehoboth. I haven't visited any of the others so I can't really say who's worth the trip but Evolution makes some pretty solid beer.
Check out my list of DIY Links for some more inspiration and help with your DIY needs. Also check out my sidebar, which I need to update, for more inspiration and help.
It has been very quiet around here, I've been doing real life things, such as working/teaching - a lot!
“Talking to the lady on the phone brought the accident back to me and I was able to remember in detail the two-car double-fatal event which also left three badly injured. This included the recovery of two seriously injured little girls trapped in an upside-down car pinned into a ditch full of water. I gave one of the little girls a teddy bear which I carried around – to comfort her and to stop her unnerving screaming.
Does the Mayor of DBKL not know what SUHAKAM maintains about peaceful assemblies? Or is the DBKL now so superior that it has also become like BN the judge, jurists, and the lawyer-prosecutor of democracy and civil liberties?
This isn't 'goodbye, goodbye'... more so, a sabbatical. Leave me in your crazy long blog lists... I'll pop back up one day... But for now, I'll always treasure these past 4 years and love every second that you came to visit us.
I thought I would follow suit and add a "light" post today by pointing you to one of the cameras that has brought me great pictures over the past couple of posts.
and lastly, the main danish symbol we can think of is the red and white danish flag. it's used quite a lot. people have flagpoles and fly the flag in their yards on holidays and special occasions. people line their driveways with little paper flags when there's a birthday in the house. danes love their flag.
- oil for frying
Now, if you are still awake after all that I would like to pass this award on to 7 people:
I was proud of them. I didn’t get to see them, though. They had to stay back stage until the whole show was over until about 9 p.m. So I will send them a text today telling them how much I enjoyed their performances. They have another competition next weekend, my daughter told me. Oiy!
I’ll answer your questions in order:
- In Miami, Florida, it is illegal to skateboard in a police station.
discounts if one agreed to take several of their beers in one hit. Whilst this made sense for them by cutting down on their delivery costs, and was an obvious attraction for cash-strapped licensees, I seldom went down this route preferring instead to ring the changes and not tie myself down to a particular brewer's products. I also believed that such practices work against more local breweries keen for the chance of seeing their beers on sale.
How awesome!
6. Great time to see whales & dolphins!
Dad is in a nursing home and needs 24 hour care. Mom does not need that... so they would probably be in two different areas... We may have to start searching around as my niece is getting married next summer and will move out of the house. I would imagine, depending on what we can find for Mom, we may have to sell the house to pay for the assisted living... Medicare or Medi-Cal does not pay for Assisted Living, unless we can find something through HUD.
Sooo...Fast forward.
Eight 'Revisiting WoW' posts
We went there into a phantasmagoria of beers, and my perception began to dull: Gansberg brews a dry, very tart Flanders red, an approachable tripel and a complex, rich, dry quad. His "Baltic porter" is also very tart, and in one batch he uses star anise, which produces a medicinal, minty flavor that almost seems to anesthetize the tongue. For the Cheers to Belgian Beers showdown, he's brewing a batch that includes sweet orange and cardamom. And if that's not enough, he's got a Cuvee that includes mixtures of many of these beers (plus who knows what else).
I think many of us assume our friends already know this: They must know what we appreciate about them because we spend so much time together. But they may not know the full story, and who deserves to realize this type of appreciation more than a friend?
This year as we study, I will update this page with a link to each challenge hymn for easy reference! You may want to bookmark this link. Studies will be posted usually by 5 p.m. Central time every other Sunday. This will be your one resource page for the entire year's study! I hope this is helpful to you! Blessings,
you may have to use the fragments to repair broken leaves.
I don’t know about you, but almost every gardener I know has a particular invasive that just rankles them. My mother feels very strongly about dandelions and a purple ageratum that blooms in the fall. Julia has a thing for ground ivy. My garden nemesis (today) is onion. “Oh cursed onions!” I cry shaking my fists ineffectually, and then I hunker down to get rid of the fuckers.
After the show, I jumped in a van and went to a party at Rory's house, and got damn well WAY-sted, ate a bunch of mushrooms, and listened to a lot of records on a stereo that has speakers hooked up to the front porch. Isn't that a good idea! Walked home at 4am in the rain tripping on mushrooms and drunk. It was probably fun, but I can barely remember.
Another question for another day, I suppose.
At any rate, I am a picky eater. I don't like raw onions (will eat them cooked), raw tomatoes (again, cooked are okay), corn (Isn't it funny how most holiday salads and pot luck dishes are 50% corn?), broccoli, cauliflower, avocado or sweet potatoes (depending on how they are cooked. I also dislike most boiled vegetables.
The academic success of homeschooling Casia is glaringly obvious to me. At nine years of age, currently in 6th grade, she is successfully working at the high school level in multiple subjects (something she was not allowed to do while in public school). She has many friends, is involved in team sports, is participating in various musical groups and has managed to make more acquaintances in our new neighborhood than even I have. She's a social person by nature and with the freedom to interact in the world around her (more freedom offered her than if she were confined to a brick and mortar school for seven hours a day), she is successfully navigating peer relationships and interactions with children of various ages. She will independently place an order at the deli counter, call the local toy store to see if they have a product she desires and converse with adult neighbors about the new houses being built on the block. Socially, I think she is doing just fine.
Ataru’s picking up nicely. After having seen Mitsumune Kaoru in Shiritsu Bakarea Koukou, I’m curious about how she does in Ataru, so I might check this drama out again on her account. Otherwise, I’d only be watching because of Nakai-san, and his character really didn’t really drive the action in the first episode. I suppose I should also give Tamamori-kun a nod, too, shouldn’t I? Yeah, I think I’ll go back to watching it – maybe in the off-season, though, since my current slate is pretty full.
So what? Religious books are not deeds. And the fact that someone thinks a lot about something does not confer on him any right to it. Otherwise, Gibraltar would be Spanish, the Falklands/Malvinas would belong to Argentina and my sister in law would have already been intimate with me... wait a minute, I didn't mean that last one. On another note, one wonders why he makes reference to the Qur'an only, as though all Palestinians were Muslim (a sizable minority belongs to the Christian faith, whose books also mention Jerusalem a lot of times).
Khaire Agathe Daimon! Khaire Khaire Antinoe!
Once again, O LORD of hosts,
Ps 22:3 But You are holy, 0 You that inhabits the praises of Israel.
And it is this which gives the narrative of these early chapters their unique theological significance, for what they show is that whilst the Law is necessary, it is not sufficient. The Law will, as it were, get you so far. It will give you an identity and a framework, but for the ‘big issues’ of life you need Wisdom.
I had never seen her before…notng unusual as there are thousands of Plejarans assigned earth and I could never meet them all, but I found it odd that Semjase would send someone I did not know, and send Asket or Olein.
for the streusel:
3. Hereditary disease
I have been thankful each day for those two pieces of advice, although it’s an act of will, some days, to get up and reach for my Bible, quiet my mind to seek the Lord in prayer, and give the day to Him that is barely born on the horizon.
I'm not the hugest fan of the memoir as a genre (they can occasionally be wonderful, but usually either try to out do other memoirists in a horrible experiences contest or fall into the the rose-colored nostalgia trap), but Smith has written a beautiful and readable book about her experience in New York City and her relationship with Mapplethorpe, both hard subjects to approach without falling into cliches or glossing over rough edges.
More about my boring life later. Be Happy!
“Hope you dont’ tryu something stupid like try to win it or something,” Greg warns me, “I’m sure winning a sporting event is a clear vilation of the Code.”
B) Performance is sexy because it requires work. And somewhere in our brains, we can intuit how long it's taken to get to that point, whether we're watching an aerial dancer, a guitarist, an actor, or whatever, and we respect all those hours alone they put into this, and then we realize: Passion. Is what we're really talking about here.
Though I have been pondering this:
Or secure her doggy door
DEUTERONOMY 13:4
49 38 14.20 N , 30 16 21.96
I don’t really have much to show you guys in the way of any finished articles unfortunately, but I did promise in my last post some evidence of what I’m working on and I feel a list doesn’t really do what I’m trying to achieve here any real justice. Although I don’t think this may do me any real favours, I think a little taster is in order. If you’ve read this far, I know you’ll read on. So here is a rough draft of the first paragraph of the first of my short stories, tentatively entitled ‘Beholder’;
Time to clean out most of the garden beds, except carrots, which will stay in the ground until they are needed for fresh juice. I did plant some mixed greens both outdoors and in the greenhouse as they thrive in the cool days of fall and winter and provide us with fresh salads almost year around.
LA CROSSE WI
- Rena Kim
BAD STUFF: There’s also one surreal scene thrown in there just to mess with you — and many people hate it. The bad guys also talk to the camera a couple times, which may put some people off. This movie definitely acknowledges that it’s a movie. This will really bother some people.
17. Sail Away
Monday morning begins with temps of almost 70 degrees, it’s going to be another warm one. Yesterday I saw 109 on my thermometer, and my pool was too hot. We went in it anyway, but it would’ve been nicer at 5 or 10 degrees cooler. It is supposed to cool down again, as the week goes on, but right now it’s about 20 degrees above normal for this time of year. I have things open for a bit, this morning, but I know it won’t last long. Already into the 70′s.
Imagine a lake named Balm. As a child, I spent much time at Balm Lake in northern Minnesota. My dear grandmother, grieving the terrible loss of her son, found comfort there. The peace and quiet of the lake, the sound of small waves lapping at the shoreline, the haunting call of the loons in the evening, the twittering of the robins and the swallows, the reflection of a million birch trees on the far shore. All of the balm in Gilead could never bring healing such as Balm Lake brought to her soul.
I was speaking with a friend about the discussions on the blogs about punctuation and she admitted that she had developed a habit of putting an exclamation mark at the end of most of her sentences. That made me look at my writing and I think that at times I also indiscriminately do the same. Maybe it is because I like to be quite expressive in my speech and that transfers over to my writing. Or maybe it’s because I am a bit deaf (as I’m not yet considered old it must be due to the rather loud music concerts I attended as a youngster) and so everything has to be stressed!
At first it was just one. Guinness was my gateway beer. Hell, it's nearly diet beer. And that bit about the monks drinkings beer, and liquid bread, why wouldn't I keep drinking it? It's almost as if God himself wanted me to keep drinking beer.
Go ahead. Stand up and please introduce yourself.
“We seem to be of same age though I am sure you thought me to be twice yours”, this time she did smile and I realized how beautiful she was, radiant even in her fragile state.
Many times in life, maybe too often, I’ve chosen comfort over conscience. I’ve chosen what feels good to what is good. I’ve chosen what’s pleasant and nice to what’s right and honorable. I’m not proud of myself for choosing comfort over conscience, but I also don’t hate myself (like I used to). By putting the truth out there in front of me, I stand a better chance of getting better.
Taking her words literally, my next several blog posts will be all about cookies, and will be dedicated to my Auntie. The first recipe I'll share with you reminds me of my days as a Girl Scout - Samoa Bar Cookies! These bars are chewy and delicious, and are pretty darn close to the real thing. Making them in bar form makes them really easy to put together - far less labor intensive than replicating the original look.
Elegant Edges Cricut cart - heart1 @ 3 1/2" (oblong and shadow features)
Mt. Tamalpais’ East Peak is 2571′. This point and its ridgeline makes for the highest points.
who doesn’t know she’s a queen yet
My name is Marie, and I am the Mod Farmgirl. I live on a ranch in North Dakota with my husband, our 150 cows, and 3 dogs. In my free time I love surfing the web for crafty blogs full of inspiration and "eye candy". I love being inspired by other's creativity and things around me. I hope you enjoy my blog!
I need you to understand one thing: in the South, there are two camps – those who use gas to grill, and those who use charcoal to barbeque. I grill with gas. Judge all you like, but I like a quick meal. I won’t justify myself any further than that. So I fired up the grill, and once it was hot I backed off the direct heat. I placed my chops toward the front of my grill – a cooler spot – and cooked first one side, then the other. After about 8 minutes (I didn’t time this, so don’t hold me to it) I used a meat thermometer to check my temperature – 130 degrees, just where our Chef/Teacher had advised.
4) I'm of Dutch, German and Italian descent and my home language is Afrikaans, which is derived from Dutch.
(photos by me, and sometimes other people)
While I do love my Copics, I still have some difficulty using them on certain images
I’m not the kind of person who is focused only on how a person looks. Yes, there must be some sort of attraction, but a personality goes a long way. My cousin’s husband was alright to look at, and she said that his brother looked just like him. I had met his family at their wedding and didn’t remember this, but perhaps I wasn’t paying attention. After all, I was a bridesmaid in their wedding and had broken my foot the week before. Instead of walking down the aisle on crutches, I took two shots of tequila and walked down pain-free and crutchless, but alas, that is a different story.
Have a fantastic week, Sassy friends!
The place only sold real ale so we had to go for a sortie to arrange a hot chocolate.
She felt confused, a lot of thoughts were running through her head, most of which was the image of her dead brother, and there was this man holding an axe over her talking about Irish pride. She saw him walk away and heard one of the men on the ship say,
xoxox Eila
6 And the men of Gibeon sent to Joshua at the camp in Gilgal, saying, “Do not relax your hand from your servants. Come up to us quickly and save us and help us, for all the kings of the Amorites who dwell in the hill country are gathered against us.” 7 So Joshua went up from Gilgal, he and all the people of war with him, and all the mighty men of valor. 8 And the Lord said to Joshua, “Do not fear them, for I have given them into your hands. Not a man of them shall stand before you.” 9 So Joshua came upon them suddenly, having marched up all night from Gilgal. 10 And the Lord threw them into a panic before Israel, who struck them with a great blow at Gibeon and chased them by the way of the ascent of Beth-horon and struck them as far as Azekah and Makkedah. 11 And as they fled before Israel, while they were going down the ascent of Beth-horon, the Lord threw down large stones from heaven on them as far as Azekah, and they died. There were more who died because of the hailstones than the sons of Israel killed with the sword.
This is a simple but effective design.
VIVIENNE: Can I vote for no shoes? Sandals if I have to.
easy-pleasing baby;
C) Price. It is price, it is an issue. I long for the day when I can justify walking into bookshops to buy books all the time, but right now I just can't afford to.
When we meet a stranger, acquaintance, friend, or even someone we dont like, our typical response is to say Hi and be nice and polite. "Doesn't your spouse deserve the same, times ten.". Of course!!! To be honest, i dont always view waking up with someone as a time that requires a greeting. But what a great way to set the tone for the day. I'm lucky enough to be married to a military man, which means he sometimes comes and goes throughout the day. Off to PT , home for breakfast, off to work, home for lunch, back to work, home for dinner etc. This provides me lots of opportunities to greet him in a great way, also lots of missed opportunities if I'm not careful.....and if I'm honest, i often miss them or the kids get to him first. I am his wife so I'm setting yet another goal here!
I am not sure my training is working for me the way I had hoped.
~~Cooldude3244
Have any of you found that something stained or damaged your granite countertops? Or is there something that you’d like us to test? Let us know!
Easter was a beautiful day here in NC. My parents came into town to help us celebrate not only Easter but spring break. The kids had their fill of prayers, candy and family time. Bill called home to hear of the mornings activities and we went to the beach. We enjoyed being a family minus one... this is when I realized just how fortunate I was... my minus one will be coming home. I said a special prayer for those who are doing this holiday without a loved one, be it a military member, a parent, a child or a grandparent. My thoughts were of you on this day.
Lucy's debut novel, FEATHERMORE (book #1 of her Feathermore Trilogy) was recently released has been called a "great", and "original, nicely paced and well-written" by her readers.
This month, I need 4 birthday cards, and two more Valentine's day cards which is why I chose to make a get well soon card. What?? I know, but it was all about me today!
She was born at 35 weeks and lived physically only a matter of minutes. We miss her every day!
Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the potatoes, bring back to a boil, and cook for 6 minutes. Drain and let cool slightly. While the potatoes cook, preheat a gas grill or prepare a fire in a charcoal grill.
Thanks for looking at my blog today .
But for us, he was still determined make sure we got to sample the cocktails we'd been waiting so long for by now. He poured me a nice glass of champagne to sip while waiting for him to stir up some drinks and the evening degenerated into a fun and entertaining time of joking with Ugo, watching him direct hotel staff, Chris joining in a bit behind the bar and various different drinks to sample. And, when it finally did arrive, my Beefeater 24/Noilly Prat martini was excellent (and just perfectly cold!).
I did common work, you know,
I take my pen in hand to write to you. I am well all but rumatic pains. I received a letter from Uriah yesterday and is the first that I have got since last august and think very hard because you dont write ofterner than you do. I want you to take care of evry thing the best you can for I will not be able to work any more and think that I will get home by new year and if Uriah want to stay on the place the same way he was let him stay and when I come home I will attend to the rest of the business. I sent you a letter the other day in the care of Mr Wakefield and I answered Uriah yesterday. I want you to get my pistol from Uriah and keep it closely consealed until I get home. our rement had a fight with the rebels the other day we lost three men killed 8 wounded and five taken prisner the rebel lost we dont know the pay rollers out men I was acquainted but one man that was killed and that was pleas smith none of our home boy got hurt. as soon as the captains books come from Louisville I think I will get my discharge.
Fever, chills, aspirin, ibuprofen, tylenol, sleep, sweats, fever, chills, aspirin, ibuprofen, tylenol, sleep..... Then it got dark. I spent the night on a boat. No, not a nice boat--one of those homemade boats you see on live chopper news video where the Coast Guard is pulling Cuban refugees from Florida coastal waters.
Contagious Mediocrity
In 1797, John Robinson, a Scottish physician, mathematician and inventor (he invented the siren) published a book entitled “Proofs of a Conspiracy against All the Religions and Governments of Europe, carried on in the Secret Meetings of the Free Masons, Illuminati, and Reading Societies”. This devout Freemason became disenchanted when he realized that his brotherhood had been infiltrated by the Illuminati. Here’s an excerpt of his book:
Yes, I was spoiled as a child. But, I am happy to say I did not turn out into one of those greedy, have to have everything adult. Actually, I live pretty frugally. I recycle/reuse. I make many things instead of buying them. And when I do buy stuff, I never pay retail! I think I turned out pretty good for being spoiled.
16. Solomon’s Decision - All-Story Weekly 3 parts Dec 1, 8, 15
Once your dough has risen, it needs a second rise. Punch it down and split into two even balls of dough. Grease a 9 inch springform pan and spread one dough ball into the bottom of it, making sure you've covered it evenly. Spread onion and sausage mixture on top and then cover with the second ball of dough, spread out into a disc. Cover and let rise for 30 minutes. This is a good time to preheat your oven to 425 degrees!
Then, just like that, I had a hard time remembering what happened to me. Out loud I pondered: "What did happen?" I remember, deep inside, being afraid to ask why did it happen. That was the scary question. I buried it, let it go. Didn't think about it again. As time went on and I learned about other women and their birth trauma I vaguely remembered being unhappy with my birth. I thought, Boy was I being a brat. Women have had worst birth trauma's, unnecessary c-sections, terrible iatrogenic injuries and even death. I felt guilty for ever thinking I had a bad experience and so I buried it further. Not until sometime in September of 2004, about 5 hours after finding out I was pregnant again would I recall to memory what happened in the early morning of September 29th as if it was yesterday. It was as clear to me then, as it is to me now. I cried and cried alone in my bed and silently I vowed never again.
Irwin’s earlier work is well documented and discussed, but I was fascinated by the new work especially Whose Afraid of Red, Yellow, and Blue and the large new work Light and Space. Both of the works are objects, granted objects writ large in language of installation, and, more interesting to me, both seem to be rooted in recent Art History, drawing on direct references and precedents.
Wow what week it has been. Sometimes hard especially while taking care of the 4 kids and my friend but its been fine.
Companies that truly want to Engage Customers (savvy from their internet engagement experience) must first ask themselves: Am I willing to hear what my employees have to say? Will I act on (or ignore) what employees say? What values should we share and why?
March 28th – testing completed. I called the lab and asked if they were emailing the results. They told me that once the report was written up that they would email it to me. I was dying inside – patience has never been one of my strong points.
Wishing everyone the simple pleasures of celebrating with family. 'The days are long, but the years are short...' Happy Easter / Joyeuses Pâques to all.
For thirty-five girls, the Selection is the chance of a lifetime. The opportunity to escape the life laid out for them since birth. To be swept up in a world of glittering gowns and priceless jewels. To live in the palace and compete for the heart of the gorgeous Prince Maxon.
Robert Hamilton, 43, Washingtonville, N.Y.
Another week of completely Random Workouts, oh joy! Or is it…Geek check time X-Fit apes, obscure math concepts are involved here so to time to click away…Fractals, you read that right home-slice: fractals. So many times we are completely wrapped up in sets and reps, weight, time, programs, days of the week, body weight and anything else you can pin an absolute number or value to. We prefer chaos and a natural pattern to the world as we observe it. Like nature we try to follow the most simple and efficient path in training. Study up tonight and scour the inter-webs for more information…lord knows the last time you X-Fit apes actually picked up a “real” book to study?
The first couple of days of my new commute, I chose to mostly ride on Rhode Island Avenue, as I needed to stop at stores on the way home. Rhode Island Avenue from my house isn't too bad to start with - it's relatively wide for bicycle travel, but then as you get about halfway to the city, the road narrows significantly (as you go under the Metro tracks) and stays that way. There's no room for me, so I hop on the sidewalk, which can be a hairy time, with pedestrians. I felt like I was in a video game of "Frogger". :)
“I don’t want to go now.” I sobbed. My sister smiled at my mother and said
To start off with, I said before that I didn't think that moving to a new job with a completely new schedule was the best choice for me. This last month has confirmed those thoughts. This was not a smart career move, while the raise was nice, it isn't worth the amount of stress I have been through the last three months. Not only stress at work, but at home as well. I sometimes go days without actually having a face to face conversation with Daniel. The only "time" I spend with him Monday through Thursday is when we're sleeping. It stinks. It does make us treasure the time we do get together. We had a wonderful date night last Saturday night, it was our first date night in months. It just stinks going from seeing Daniel most of the day every day, to not seeing him at al.
vanilla extract
I can’t turn back, I can’t decide, I’m falling…
But I thought It was still very good and I strongly recommend it.
Delphine Girardin
Mar. 16th - This is a Favorites Challenge! We challenge you to use your ALL TIME FAVORITE Our Daily Bread designs stamps! No limitations on what you create or what you use except that it must be new work....no back links to older projects. Just have fun with it and show us your favorite! To be eligible to win, project must be linked to Mr Linky on the Mar 16th Challenge Post on the ODBD Blog by 8:00 pm EST.
So, are any of the more than 5,000 books legitimately in the program? Probably. Amazon published 138 of the titles in the lending program, according to Publishers Lunch (subscription required). Other publishers may have gotten their authors' permission, or may have unusual contracts that give them authority to enter into bulk licenses without their authors' approval. If so, we've yet to learn of such arrangements.
No wonder all were silent. This was astounding!!! Peter, had decreed that the ancient Mosaic law of circumcision was no longer binding, removed the dietary laws of the Old Covenant. But no one challenged him. Why? Because everyone knew Jesus had appointed him as the chief of the apostles.
Thank you for all the prayers that have gone up already for him today, and please keep them coming. Pray for Steph too, she is an amazing woman, an incredible example of how to stand up strong and protect the little one she loves with all her heart. God will see us through this storm too; in a couple short weeks, we hope to have our little buddy back home where he belongs.
When I first saw this collectionI thought about a scene with the scarecrow and the garden ...i wanted to see how many of the collection I could get on this 12x 12 card.
Perhaps most significantly, it shows a Zapiro cartoon of then-ANC president Jacob Zuma about to rape a depiction of 'Lady Justice' while she is held down by his political allies. That cartoon unleashed a storm of controversy at the time of its publication, as Zuma was involved in a court bid to have his corruption charges dropped.
Phil Henderson, a fan and sponsor since the beginning, tells us Noodling “…is an unusual way of fishing, no doubt. Take an intrepid sportsman and a large flathead catfish and you have an unbeatable combination for a pretty wild fishing tournament.”
43. Laurie Biagini-A Go Go Girl In A Modern World (Self-Released)
It's not that I don't think it's important because I know it's one of the few things that really matter.
(3) Oh, and when gas prices were at an all-time high in July 2008 under George W. Bush, that wasn’t his fault, it was the fault of the Democrats in Congress. See how this works?
If it is a beautiful day use the drive through and take the meal to the park and eat out side.
Books- I love, love to read. Sometimes I have 2 books going at a time and then I am listening to another in the car.
Archaeological evidence suggests it has been in use as a route along the North Downs since the iron age, 2000 years before Becket’s death, and possibly as far back as the stone age. The concept of a ‘Pilgrims’ Way’ (capital ‘P’, capital ‘W’) is much debated, and appears to be a Victorian construct: an early mention is in 1871 in a pamphlet published by Edward Renouard James, an Ordnance Survey surveyor. This idea, reinforced by the writer Hillaire Belloc in 1904 in his book ‘Old Road’ was subsequently dismissed as an ‘enduring archaeological blunder’ in an official history of the Ordnance Survey.
The Tennessee Titans passed up draft needs by selecting Kendall Wright, wide receiver from Baylor at #20. The explosive playmaker was Robert Griffin’s favorite target. At #21 the Patriots traded up to pick up pass rushing monster Chandler Jones from Syracuse. With the #22 pick the Cleveland Browns made their second pick of the round. They added the 4th quarterback in round one, Brandon Weeden of Oklahoma St. At #23 the rising Detroit Lions beefed up their offensive line with the addition of Iowa offensive tackle Reilly Reiff.
View More of My Gettysburg Photos Here :
That way I’ll be able to go back to shooting my own pictures when Nathan is not available (so, basically, most days). My point and shoot passed away sometime during Nathan’s unemployment and I’m a point and shoot girl. I just am. Once that arrives I plan to get back to posting 4-5 times a week again. And as an added bonus for me, I get to start fresh, with a few new clothes you’ve never seen and a fresh perspective. I’m excited about it!
Paper Size: 10" x 12"
Here's her bright gorgeous layout!!!!
- Jim Webb
7. Is it pleasure-increasing and/or pain-reducing? On balance, no. This belief may reduce the amount of rejection Paul experiences by causing him to avoiding risky social situations. However, by avoiding a 10-second rejection, Paul kills off the possibility of a long-term relationship as well as abundant new friendships. This belief also keeps Paul focused on his fears, which will likely cause him to experience far more pain in the long run, including the pain of regret. This belief will almost certainly drive Paul’s emotional state in a negative direction, possibly for his entire life.
I guess some people find it amusing to see a western kid jumping on a stone horse. I would also take a picture of that.
All of these things are points in the favor of Captain America. Just one problem: For the life of me I can’t really remember the plot of this movie. I mean. I remember the Captain American origin portion, but lord… that whole Elrond part was crazy and I don’t remember it. I think it involved Truman Capote.
You may remember I wore a pair of Rachel's earrings here which were sent to me to wear/share with you. They're so pretty and I have already worn them 2 or 3 times as they instantly dress up whatever I'm wearing. I love the vintage feel to them and that they're small and dainty, as I'm not too keen on huge earrings.
I’ve been re-strung.
Confirm you buy from a respected site name, a lot underhand methods is the invested in out there.
There are never enough hours in a day, but every now and then, I get to the end of the week and think, wow, I really got a lot done. Other times, it’s I didn’t get anything done all week! But you know what? It’s never enough! There’s so much more to do, and I have so many more book ideas that I want to write.
And if the GM doesn’t have flexibility, there is only one answer to that question: whatever the GM already had planned. And at that point, why are we playing at all?
My beautiful corsage!!!
Currently at 8:30 2BG is only slightly lower than Two And A Half Men. One might make the argument that the reason the latter show has remained as strong in its 9th season is as a result of 2BG being a tremendous lead in. Plus 2BG is in its infancy and will only grow while 2.5 Men is only going to age more. I feel confident that 2BG is the successor to the Monday anchor slot. The question is if it’s gonna happen next season or not. Does CBS pull the trigger now? I say yes. Now assuming this does indeed happen how does CBS rearrange the rest of those nights?
I was at the trade day of the GBBF on Tuesday. I managed to meet up with loads of people: brewers, bloggers, boozers and er... publicans. I couldn't think of a 'b' for that one. Bar managers? That might have worked.
My keys.
“W-why?”Junsu ask with blushing madly. ‘I shouldn’t do this.’
Same Thing – Muddy Waters
OK, so this past weekend I went to camp. I love camp... the girls, the paper, the embellishments, the sizzix.....
This morning I awoke to find we have some Cayenne seedlings coming up!!:
Might be something like Auditory processing problem, or behaviour? We just don't know yet.
Not long ago, the path to publication was straightforward enough for a schoolgirl to understand. Write a great novel. Win a few contests. Find a literary agent. If you were proficient in all three, the odds were reasonable you’d eventually reach step four—publication by a New York publisher.
I used Citristrip paint str*pper, and it worked like a charm! The paint bubbled up and slid right off within an hour. The label says it is safe to use inside (with lots of ventilation), but I took advantage of the 70 degree weather we had yesterday and did it in the garage. Even with all the ventilation, the citris smell was pretty strong. From my label reading at Home Depot, it has low VOCs compared to other str*ppers, so it is fairly safe to use.
1/4 cup light corn syrup 1 TAB cornstarch
Is your child ready for first grade? Earlier this month, Chicago Now blogger Christine Whitley reprinted a checklist from a 1979 child-rearing series designed to help a parent figure that one out. Ten out of 12 meant readiness. Can your child “draw and color and stay within the lines of the design being colored?” Of course. Can she count “eight to ten pennies correctly?” Heck, yeah, I say for parents of kindergarteners everywhere. “Does your child try to write or copy letters or numbers?” Isn’t that what preschool is for?
Perhaps we want our white people to have better singing voices because it seems that black people are generally much better singers than whites. Is it fair to want this? Is it necessary? In this case, I don't think that it is. It's a want rather than a need and it's similar to the parent who wants their non-verbal autistic child to become an orator or to "follow in their footsteps".
I would also like to say a very special thank you to Fairy Jayne for taking me under her wing and sprinkling me with fairy dust, and to say thank you to her for her tireless support and kindness. Jayne, you are a poppet and one heck of a clever crafter!
My titles are just very basic things. They don't really stand out, they don't really "do" anything. It's like I just slapped any old title on them for the sake of having one.
On Monday, Rep. James Clyburn (D-S.C.), a long-serving congressman and civil rights icon, said that leaving the issue to states was a mistake. “If you consider this a civil right, and I do, I don’t think civil rights ought to be left up to a state-by-state approach,” he said during an appearance on MSNBC. “I think that we should have a national policy on this. State regulation is one thing, but the granting of the right to the states, I don’t think that’s a good policy and I have a problem with that.”
The millions of Americans who own pets spend billions of dollars on them annually, shower them in love, and – anecdotally – talk and post about them constantly (you know who you are). But besides providing us something totally adorable to photograph and cuddle with, what good is it to have a furry, domesticated animal running around your home?
(Though if you twist my arm, I'd have to confess that I am there quite a bit. That's the difference between a post that takes seconds and one that needs more thought and time. You bloggy people are s-o-o-o demanding.)
2. Rooftop lunch break sunbathing. Nice enough to lie out. Not nice enough for swim suits. But we did bring them just in case.
"You are correct about TELLURIDE. And also TELLURIDE. But let me ask you this. Were we such flaming assholes when we were at TELLURIDE?"
Beyond his gifts for piercing social commentary and his verbal pyrotechnics, Shteyngart’s achievement ultimately rests on a determination not to lose sight of the odd romance at the novel’s core. In Lenny and Eunice, he has created two characters struggling to preserve something resembling intimacy in a world sliding into chaos. “For me to fall in love with Eunice Park just as the world fell apart,” Lenny wistfully observes, “would be a tragedy beyond the Greeks.” And while Lenny can be forgiven just a hint of hyperbole, it’s undeniable that the plight of the lovers, their families and friends evokes our sympathy.
And if Gray, an outsider, fell because he couldn’t keep the FBI from leaking, Nixon might turn to Felt, the ranking insider who could button up the bureau like Hoover did.
Taipei is a city of youthful energy and exuberance. In Shinyin, this energy is apparent as hordes of coquettish women, with their boyfriends or husbands in tow, gleefully run from store to store in search of that elusive perfect sale. After exhausting their energy on the shopping floors, it is onward to any one of the numerous trendy restaurants and lounges to recharge over a Cosmopolitan or two. If anything, during these troubled economic times, Shiyin is the perfect place to lose yourself for a day.
I was particularly impressed with Andi and Alex's distinct voices. I appreciated that even though Andi is a troubled character, Ms. Donnelly never went for the cheap teen angst. Andi has lighter moments as well, and I was truly sympathizing with her and rooting for her. I'm surprised at how much I ended up loving Alex, though. I loved that she didn't start off as a particularly good person, but she becomes such a quietly inspiring figure by the end of the book. The supporting characters were well-drawn, and though I'm notoriously hard to please when it comes to romance, this one really won me over.
She tried not to ogle, but Ty had a great butt. He was good at pool, too. Of course. Jocks were good at everything, which was why their egos often went unchecked, something she found utterly intolerable about sports figures.
It could just be my mood today too....
2. Grate the potatoes (not finely) and the onion.
It’s all so very absurd
walking through this slice of interior decor heaven scares me for the future of my bank account.
And so one dies oneself,
This newspaper article, like many others in the press this week deals with the recent news that the British government are going to have to face up to the European Court of Human Rights' decision that UK prisoners should be allowed to vote.
Yesterday morning I compiled a bunch of pictures from the last year to have printed and sent to my mum back in Sydney. After spending almost the entire day at the Albert Cuypmarkt and having no time to print them, Mats suggested I upload them onto an Australian photo printing website and have them sent directly to her house instead, that way she'll get them before Christmas. This morning I was getting ready to have them printed when I saw I could make a photobook instead, I chose that option and put in the dates; 12.12.08 - 12.12.09 and it hit me, yesterday had been exactly one year since I had left Sydney. One year since we recklessly boarded a plane and moved overseas with no apartment or jobs lined up. One year since I said goodbye to my family and friends, one year since I last crossed Sydney heads on the Manly Ferry. Time has gone so quick.
In between sessions, I keep my squeezed out colors moist by first spraying them with a plant sprayer then covering groups of colors with these little plastic mixing cups. Anything else will do, small bottles or jars, but they can’t have too much air in them or the paint will dry. I can keep the colors workable this way for about a day and a night.
From outside there was a familiar voice. “He’s going to carry out the ritual tonight in the grounds. He’s already made the circle.
There are very few movies that are good enough that I forget I’m watching them. Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind is one. Few plays reach that level as well. But it’s quite a marvel when you happen upon a story that is so good that honestly can’t read/watch/listen to it slowly enough. The Battlestar Galactica reboot is like that, at least for the first season and a half. Currently, I’m reading Fevre Dream by George R.R. Martin, and it’s as engrossing a tale as I’ve happened upon since I picked up, well, A Game of Thrones. As a writer, I tend to concern myself primarily with one question: What will happen next? The ending should never be predictable. But it always needs to make sense.
12/08/2010 BUY 0.02 xauusd 1388.86 12/13/2010 1396.10 +14.44
4. Itsy Bitsy Teeny Weeny Yellow Polka Dot Bikini
Hey Peeps... Happy Saturday and Happy St. Patrick's Day!
Joe Boyd came in contact with John Martyn when he married Beverley Kutner in 1969. Beverley was part of Boyd's Label Witchseason and Martyn was brought along to help the project, which then ended up becoming the first of two Duo Albums between the two (Stormbringer and Road To Ruin). Woodstock was the chosen place for the recording of those Albums, allowing the late Levon Helm (The Band) to participate on both. When the Duo failed and Boyd's Witchseason stopped their activities, they were both advised to pursuit Solo careers. Island Records gave Martyn 600 bucks and told him to record an Album, without telling him anything more than that. Most of Martyn's Songs on this Album were written and composed on the day, while in the Studio, as he felt the spontaneity it provided was exactly what he was looking for. Danny Thompson, Richard Thompson and Tony Reeves (from Colosseum) all participated on the Album.
Holy time
The morning got off to a slow start and we didn't see our first doctor until around 12:30 - it was the cleft surgeon. I had written out a long list of questions and got the answers to all of them. In short:
I started to realize I had a small problem when it came to meal planning, that I didn't know where to begin looking! I would be overwhelmed with stacks of magazines and papers, all containing an abundance of recipes. Not to mention, cookbooks... how do you find anything in a cookbook!? It was time to streamline!
Stef Bos Papa NL
By the provisions of section 80 and 81 of the 1999 constitution which relates to the powers and controls over public funds by the President, it is clear that these sections have been breached by the actions or inaction of the president. This amounts to gross misconduct as construed in Section 143 (2) (b) and Section 143 (11) which places a responsibility on the National Assembly to determine whether the actions or inactions of the President are not sanctionable under these provisions.
- Your very own BrewDog I.D.
1. My husband was my first date through Match.com. Yes, when I lived in New York City for graduate school, I decided to give online dating a chance and meet some people in the Big Apple. Turned out I really only met one, and he was a keeper.
At work we have enjoyed having a sweet young lady's company over the last few weeks. A visiting colleague from the other side of the world who will be missed by myself and quite a few others due to her lovely , friendly , generous nature.
If you notice the recipe is missing....you are right. Hubby claimed that giving this recipe was like sharing a sauce recipe....something you just don't do! So, I promised to take it down today.
-Kindra
Look at my shirt will you!! A brand new Witchery number with ruched sleeves and side gathers! Oh, I know I was tempting fate. The Gods of whiteness were incredulous that I should even contemplate such a thing as riding a bike showing off my sparkly white stylish-ness.
"Oh Daddy, you're such a cunt!"
“I don’t like it. Maybe she’ll say a spell on us. There’s a lot of people who say they are Christian but they’re not.”
*December 10, 2011
I got these pretty papers from Little Darlings Rubberstamps and they are by Lilybee Designs called Picket Fence - so fresh and springy, love these colors. This particular pad isn't currently available but you have to check out the other gorgeous 6x6 pads which are all on sale for $3.00 - unbelievable price!
These pictures really don't do it justice. It is an amazing looking weave and it moves like you would imagine dragon's scales would look like if you saw them. I'm told that I've missed some rings. It will be fixed next time I can get my hands on it. I was cross-eyed by the time I finished so, I'm not surprised I missed some. I also had a few sitting backwards to what they should have been. That was a pain to fix. My sister's innocent off-hand suggestion of "why can't you take just those rings out and switch them" produced an initial reaction of me wanting to toss the thing at her head (I resisted!) and it later turned out to be the best way after all. However, it is much easier to do it right the first time!!
- Ken Moraff Deputy Director, Office of Ecosystem Protection
Chocolate croissant @ RM10.90 per box of six
But most custody officers I’ve known life their professional lives in a form of fairly acute proactive anxiety, relating to the potential for a death in police custody or following police contact. Procedures relating to detainee searching, background checking, risk assessing and health screening can take over half an hour per prisoner when book someone in, especially if they do not speak English. Some of them quite rightly put arresting officers through a quasi-judicial cross-examination to satisfy themselves of the risks they are about to take responsibility for managing as well as the integrity of the arrest. Only this month, I’m aware of a custody sergeant jumping up and down because an arresting officer had allowed a person to take (prescribed) methadone after being arrested. So they are the legal and physical guardians of society’s final emergency dumping ground and can often be found rolling around on the ground to keep people from hurting themselves through self-harm and disturbed behaviour.
We found out from our agency's director today that our court date is April 24th!!! We need to arrive in Ethiopia by the 23rd. Praise God! We finally get to meet our son! I got an email today while I was meeting with my 3 teachers that I team with (I told you earlier that I am a compulsive email checker. I take it everywhere hoping for good news!) and I just started crying! They all started to get emotional too. It was such a great moment to share with some of my sweetest friends.
Courage.
That of course reminds me of this song. A little known fact: KC and the Sunshine Band played at my company's Christmas party in downtown DC back in the 1990s. It was a very large company, there were thousands of people there, and we were only one division of the global firm (meaning they had the dollars to spare). Anyway, they didn't tell us in advance who was providing the entertainment. When they made the announcement at the party, I let out a scream and sprinted to the stage, hurdling over tables and discarding my plate of jumbo shrimp like a Frisbee in the process.
"Be ye not unequally yoked together with unbelievers: for what fellowship hath righteousness with unrighteousness? and what communion hath light with darkness? And what concord hath Christ with Belial? or what part hath he that believeth with an infidel? And what agreement hath the temple of God with idols? for ye are the temple of the living God; as God hath said, I will dwell in them, and walk in them; and I will be their God, and they shall be my people." (II Cor. 6:14-16) If you have received Christ as your Savior, God dwells within you. He saved you from the power of Satan! He opened your eyes and turned you from darkness to light! (Acts 26:18) Why do you desire to return to that horrible darkness and the defiling power of Satan? You "grieve the holy Spirit of God, whereby ye are sealed unto the day of redemption." (Eph. 4:30) Please, allow God to open your eyes anew.
It’s interesting to note that just after I finished the book, I watched a few Castle episodes this weekend and had similar thoughts to Maass’s closing chapter on how quickly Yugoslavia fell from peace into hell on earth. Even if you don’t like the show, the (two-part) episodes “Pandora” and “Linchpin” are worth watching… For those of you who say “It would never happen here”. Watch it.
Peter Schiff. Yes, the central banks have to buy a lot of gold. They don’t have enough relative to the currency reserves. That will put a lot of upward pressure on prices.
Lads and lasses!
Hi Everyone, I heard today about a very interesting project planned for 11 November 2011. It is called the 11 Eleven Project and it is an international not-for-profit film project that aims to use the arts to create global good. The email came from the Women's Partnership Diversity Coordinator for the project, because she wants to ensure that the story of womanhood, motherhood and sisterhood is captured in the global narrative. To find out more, and to leave a snapshot of your life on 11/11/11, please visit the official website here. If you like, you can follow them on Twitter at @11elevenproject.
My big kids have taught me about a new craze within their school called the "bento box". This is a box that is used for lunch that is based on the way the Japanese kids eat lunch in Japan. It basically means a compartmentalized lunch with small servings and varied items to make lunches more interesting.Wanna see? It takes time and creativity to make and requires cookie cutters and lots of veggies to make it colorful!
Will anyone even notice? Have the GOP candidates – or any candidate for Congress, for that matter – devoted anything but token attention and interest to Afghanistan? No, they’re all breathlessly laying out plans to start a war with Iran, taking care to stand behind the podium to hide their erections. The war nobody paid attention to, fought for reasons Afghans didn’t understand and toward ends that Americans couldn’t define, will finally get the full attention of the political system…when the candidates decide that it will be a convenient excuse to call Obama a quitter, pansy, cheese-eating surrender monkey, and betrayer of the American way.
I didn’t pick up any more passengers that shift. I drove aimlessly lost in thought. For the rest of that day, I could hardly talk. What if that woman had gotten an angry driver, or one who was impatient to end his shift? What if I had refused to take the run, or had honked once, then driven away?
10 - Flirtin' Whit Disaster 05:21
2. SOCIAL SECURITY: I do not care to hear anymore about what anyone “thinks” about social security or what “buzzwords” they have used to classify it. I don’t want to hear about what Mitt’s book or Rick’s book or Ron Paul’s imaginary friend has said about it. Say this:
- Each artist participating in the Square Foot show must register independently.
It was a nice walk, about a mile I think.
To which Christina replied, "and she comes into my room sometimes and tells me stories before I go to sleep."
“I definitely believe racism is why he was shot,” said Mrs. Patterson, who recently left her job as director of operations at a uniform company and moved to another small Georgia town. “And for him to get nothing but a slap on the wrist? There is something wrong here.”
I finally had the energy to show up to teach one class. I didn't even end up teaching. My co-teacher wanted to talk with me and my school director told me I shouldn't be at school, because I just got better and needed to relax. I'm actually glad he told me that, because I really did need to relax, and I think I would have pushed myself otherwise and made my recovery slower. Well, the next week school stopped anyway in preparation for 12th grade testing and Khmer New Year.
Claiborne is known as a soft-spoken young man who is a good individual coming out of Shreveport, LA. He also has a learning disability. When he was recruited by major universities in high school it was clear that he would need academic advisors and assistance in the classroom once he selected a school. When attending LSU, Morris utilized all of the academic resources that was available to him and succeeded through his three years at the school.
but this time it is the same colour chasing and biting us
Background information: In April we were still in Toronto, Canada with our daughter and needed to bring the cats back across the border into the United States. This was quite an easy accomplishment in the end and even though I had tons of paperwork with me, the border guards barely looked at the cats and waved us through. I had taken the cats to the vet and gotten a checkup for them and rabies shots. Turns out, it was harder to get the car back into the U.S. than it was the cats.
At this point, I intend it to last a lifetime. I search for new ways to create the boundaries that will make me comfortable in any given relationship and set the limits that will make me more productive and less anxious. I seek alternatives to apologizing. I traverse new ground in learning how to say no.
Always curious, I insisted we go see what was happening but when I saw all those lobsters crawling over each other in those traps I felt sick. A few had gotten out onto the wharf and were clicking along, towards the water, but large paws of hands tossed them back with the others.
I love the gelliners by Essence, but I don't have any by Catrice yet. This looked like a special colour though, reminded me a bit of Gosh' Metallic Brass eyelinerpencil. It looks more like a goldenbrown in the jar, but maybe the khaki shows up more when swacthed.
(please, no candy hunting blogs, cause this is for my friends and old and new followers. thanks!)
I say,
- Billy Gibbons – lead vocals, guitar, baritone saxophone (02,08)
This is a true story about the “powers that be” behind the scenes in the Washington State Republican Party. (updated after November, 2010)
Feeling a bit off-kilter today since the moment I opened my eyes and realized it was the 17th. Nora will be here in exactly a month. My pulse and breathing seem to accelerate with each passing moment, only taking a break during brief intervals of distraction. I live these days on auto-pilot, just going through the motions, trying to replicate some sense of normal for my family and for myself.
Today's question: If you could work in one medium or format that you haven't yet tried, tell us what it would be and why. The following is the third of four posts to answer this question.
Confession time: I am obsessed with street style! And I don’t seem to know why but, I am on a journey to uncover the dark hidden secrets behind this addiction.
The Satyr is a classic monster from Greco-Roman mythology. The Monster Manual actually had two challenge ratings for it, one with its pipes and one without. A Satyr who carries pipes around with him can play them to create three different tunes with different effects: charm person, fear or sleep. The pipes themselves are not magic; it's more like the Satyr happens to know how to play these spells.
(Preeeetty sure I say that about every new color I get my hands on.)
It’s amazing how kids learn to adapt to get love.
famous 'King of the Delta Blues Singers'. I posted the widely agreed
Do I love it when Josh shows up with gerber daisies and roses after a long week away at a conference? Yes.
my mouth is full of coins
This also made me laugh so hard it parts, like, the ghetto gangsta vampires and Janie thinking of 'Bloods' and 'Crips'... HA! I laughed out loud with this because it put the best visual in my head - A vampire with a gangsta lean, a red bandana and ghetto jeans just casually strolling toward Janie, possibly listening to Lil John or Snoop Dogg on an iPod.
Evan talks a lot- in his own tongue without benefit of an interpreter. He especially likes to pontificate in a loud voice whenever anyone else is reading a book aloud for the benefit of others.
Here's our big 5 1/2 year old on the day he took off on his bike. We celebrated by getting ice cream afterwards! Way to go B man!
The move to adopt the novel, written in 1971, as a literature text for Form Five students from this year, had sparked a heated debate over its suitability, in particular between Indian community leaders and Malay literary enthusiasts and academicians.
I'm a little in love - this image is definitely a new favourite, and I'm already planning more projects with her. There may even be a colouring video on the way soon!
“Every minute and detail was crisply carried out to our benefit by Debra and her whole ‘Dream Team,’” says Jillian. “They can take your lives and pick out so many moments that they know will mean the world to you later.”
the answer. God’s answer is to send His Word.
Update: 8/11/2006:
Not only did I have the day off from work, I also got to bust a couple of packs of cards! Something I haven't done for a while and something that I really miss.
Well, that is enough for this year - thank you to all who have written to me, especially Brady, Scarlet Blue and Mr and Mrs Hattatt all of whom share with me a love of Cream Horns. And to you too, Douglas......xx
“Not his ass, him overall. You did some interrogation mojo on him, right?”
All in all this was a pretty good beer and easy to drink. I would love to be able to bring this one home and use it as a gateway beer for my non craft beer drinking friends. Lots of flavor, not filling, not bitter! Great for a newbie! I don't give out many 5 / 5's but I think this one deserves it based on being the beer that finally made me "get" the NW style.
She found peace in her situation, because she trusted God to take care of her. Let her be an example for all of us.
swallowed me within
I did design, cut out, sand, and paint the trees bushes, lake, cave and ground. I will post about that later.
Sow in love
Attack? by who ?
I’d have loved to submit a comment on the Buffalo News site, but getting authenticated seems to be a bit like getting Warren E. Buffett to pay his “fair” tax.
Fax:+00852-30696940
I know that at $33.50 CAD they are a bit pricey, but they're large, and will last you forever. Plus, it is fun to be able to splurge on a little something every now and then. Do you have a fave MSF? Which one?
You are always so kind to tell me that you love my colouring (a BIG thank you!) and I also was recently asked how I colour hair on TGF images so I thought why not give you a quick tutorial. There is no "right or wrong" way to colour, but I want to show the way I colour hair.
Anyway, I ended up choosing this billboard and the original copy was “A&F Naughty or Nice?”. Now from that I can assume that this was put up in the winter season, but besides that… it’s just a guy touching his lip. They could at least include a stocking or a sexy santa hat or something. In reworking the billboard using Photoshop, I decided to take the saying “sex sells” to another level- lack of sex sells, which is basically the same thing but from the point of the consumer, who doesn’t have the “sexiness” that is so prominently displayed with this guys jaw bone and sculpted muscles. If people don’t have it, they want it and go buy it. With that in mind, I changed the under copy to say, “20% off Last Fall’s Boyfriends”. Why? Because all this ad is is a boy touching his lip, cute right? So it makes more sense that A&F is a boyfriend store than a clothing store. And I’m sure that a lot of girls would be thrilled if there was such thing as a boyfriend store, especially if this guy was for lease.
If the ultimate end remains firmly locked in our minds as The Goal, then there’s no danger of falling into mediocrity. Mediocrity is the very antithesis of sanctity. So the answer is: be not afraid. Only fix your eyes on the horizon and keep walking forward.
10. Code Word: HONEYMOON (Sex)
The large helicopter is dubbed “Warthog of the skies”. It holds a pilot and a gunner on each side.
vows are crossed over -
The Dune books are measured by the pound. I read the original three, then another three. A look around Amazon shows many newer books I haven't heard of. Heinlein's book is a single volume. It's also a fun read, and the originator of the now-commonly used phrase TANSTAAFL (There Ain't No Such Thing As A Free Lunch). Is that enough for you? (std. disclaimer: I don't make any money from Amazon links - or anything else on my blog for that matter).
Kiddo has learned that he can make faces and his favorite ones are the scowl and the kiss face. It's funny to watch him switch between the two. When he scowls, he leans in to you so he can bump his head with your head so you know who's boss....LOL He loves kisses too though!! For some people, he'll turn and give you the cheek and others, the forehead. For me (9 times out of 10) he opens his mouth at the last minute so I'm kissing a big gaping hole instead of lips!
We stopped into Dilly on Saturday afternoon for some lunch and I decided to try out the beer week collaboration brew. A pretty cool concept beer that was brewed by local brewers: Mt. Carmel, Christian Moerlein, Listermann, Rivertown, Rock Bottom and Red Ear.
Happy foraging.
Lancer Tuitele, formerly known as Lancer Iosefa, was unable to make it on the 2010 Hawaii football roster, but the 5-foot-9-inch former Mountie instead will workout and train for the NFL in 2011.
Went to a funeral yesterday for one of our pastor's mom. You tend to ponder on life and death at those things. Yesterday was no different. I often wonder what people will say at my funeral. I hope to make a difference in someone's life even if I never know. God does. :)
(insert sounds of violins playing)
I thought it was a cool idea, and a pretty great piece of street art, so I went home and looked up this particular well-loved person -- he's Frederic Beigberder, a French writer and literary critic. He was arrested in 2008 for snorting cocaine off the hood of a car in the 8th arrondissement. He created the prestigious writing award known as the Flore Award, named after the famous Cafe Flore in my 'hood. He has also appeared in a pornographic film. I don't know about you, but I'm starting to like this guy. He seems well-rounded.
Not a knock on the other guy, but you listen to the recordings of you guys that are out there from late 1990 vs. the recordings from before that, and there is a clear difference.
DPM: Beware ‘modern’ threats – Region must be prepared to face transnational crimes, says Muhyiddin – by Asrul Hadi Abdullah Sani – Friday, April 20, 2012 – 17:14
It’s much different than what you hear on TV because I’m not afraid to talk about the issues. The real ones. Foreign policy emcompasses Life directly as it relates to wars and empire building. Monetary policy affects the economy greatly and absolutely controls it. Individual liberty is a concept often thrown around in discussion but never actually implemented. These are the pressing issues that should dominate contemporary discourse but sadly are not. Instead, we get twisted rhetoric and partisan politics. Good grief.
But my rape gate is my new best friend.
‘Re:dream’ will be distributed through BeeTV starting April 18th. It will then be gradually released through other video distributing sites.
It'll work out, because it always does. We'll probably have to go to an apartment first (or rent a house, but my Ft Worth realtor confirmed that there is not much of a home leasing/rental market in the area we want to buy, which every single person I've talked to has volunteered as the best neighborhood ever, and which trulia.com has taught me only ever has 2-3 homes for sale at a time and the ones I like sell within 48 hours), which means moving twice and I don't know what we'll do with the dogs. But given our tax bill and other things, I don't think we could buy right away even if we wanted to, and other than the issue of the two giant dogs, renting for a while does make an annoying amount of sense.
After a packed debut night in January, THICKSET returns for another round in April! A hangout pub night and dance event for big dudes, furry dudes, bearded dudes, thugs, lugs, & those who love ‘em.
Unfortunately when researching this post, I discovered many of my beloved Chanel colors are no longer available on the website. Here's where blogs are dynamite. There a woman out here whom I believe works for Chanel right in this blogosphere. Broken Poet. She's very sweetly warned me when favorites of mine were disappearing, and to be honest, I find Chanel sales associates to be the best I've ever met. They know their lines and they know aesthetics. Plus, Chanel immediately took back a product that broke me out in a rash. I. Love. Chanel. Edward Bess is awesome, too--not just the makeup, but the man himself. Total. Sweetheart. He (he!!!) was the person to put me in red lipstick. He deserves a kiss.
All the while, the silence from East Londonderry and East Antrim was deafening. The DUP obstructed legislation in the Assembly to ban double-jobbing. Then came the U-turn. See link.
On April 17th, Pledis Entertainment updated their homepage with their new group. This is the second rookie group of Pledis to be revealed this year along with NU’EST that debuted in March.
A few weeks later I found out that I had been cast as Sleeping Beauty. For those of you that know the show, you know that Sleeping Beauty is a miniscule role. She comes out for, literally, two minutes at the very end of the show, and has no lines, but this was my first community theater experience, so I was ecstatic to be offered anything at all. Because the role was so small, I didn’t have to be at that many rehearsals. So, I spent the next couple weeks relaxing away my summer, and going to a rehearsal here and there.
And painted brilliantly
The next day, we went to our favorite breakfast place in Columbus.
isn’t that f-fancy. Your parents must be very proud.” She had no clue and didn’t care. Ethereal Grant Distributor, she was sure that was as full of soup as when her son teasingly referring to his cousin as a hydro-ceramic technician or a laymen terms still nothing more than a dish washer at the Bob’s Big Boy on Jersey Turnpike. Freelance whatever, not only had she the luck of being dropped into a seat beside a motor mouth and potential psychotic but apparently a mind reading snoop at that. The man with his hands down his pants was
The eggplant was delicious
In South Africa, the ANC has historically played this role without wavering. The cohesion of the South African political system remains dependent on the cohesion of the ANC, and the continued commitment of the ANC to its legacy of non-racialism. Whatever opposition parties or the chattering classes say, there is no institution that commands the level of historical loyalty and legitimacy as this organisation.
There are no exact measurements in this recipe, it's a simple one, you can throw in whatever you like, just that i added some breadcrumbs here for some crunchy texture. These are dry bread crumbs and it took almost immediately to fry them. Just pour some oil into your wok or pan, throw in the breadcrumbs and they sizzle immediately. Set aside. Cook the pasta , leave them aside. Pan fried some prawns with oil and garlic, put in some halved cherry tomatoes , coriander leaves, pour in around 1/8 cup or more of dry white wine and let them simmer for a while. Taste and you can add in some salt if you want. Return the cooked pasta to the pan and toss them to combine. Lastly sprinkle the breadcrumbs and black pepper over the spaghetti.
Skyzoo first emerged in the Rap scene with his mixtape I’m For The People but his first critically acclaimed mixtape was Corner Store Classic, mixed and mastered by DJ Kay Slay and Mike Boogie. Skyzoo has also dropped three albums, Cloud 9: The 3 Day High, The Salvation and Live from the Tape Deck. All three of the albums received positive reviews. Skyzoo has seemed to have found his calling, a lyricist out to save the commercialized music industry.
On my facebook, I follow Wanelo which likes to post pretty things to my wall everyday. Normally, I try my best to ignore all the unique products that pop up but, this time, I just couldn't. I just HAD to purchase a pair of tattoo socks from Post on Etsy. I personally bought the first ones but, they are all so beautiful, I may have to go back and get some more!
4. Refined. They know when to let a man speak and continue speaking until it’s absolutely mind-numbingly boring. They have the patience to sit and let a man say ridiculous opinions without finally screaming “You’re fucking stupid shut up!” They will accompany their boyfriends or husbands to internet bars and restaurants filled with his drunken belligerent friends and be the perfect picture of grace.
OVI Suite with Nokia Music
Now, of course, with Easter being tomorrow - you may not have time to whip up these baskets in time for your friends and family - but never fear - I've got another version of this same project that will take you into the summer months in style!
Available: SASA.com
Today was even worse than yesterday. I was sooo tired all day. You know how I’ve told you that before school a bunch of us sit in the band room hallway? Well, this morning I was so tired that while I was sitting there I slept. On purpose, I knew I would hear the bell, or someone would wake me up, or something. Anyway, while I was sleeping Courtney tapped me on the head and woke me up! I was so frustrated, because after that I couldn’t fall asleep and I probably still had like ten minutes left during which I could have been sleeping. Oh how I loathe you Courtney Burnett! (Big Bang reference.)
3. Organic Braeburn or Fuji apples, .99/lb. at Sprouts (through 2/23/11)
Not a creature was stirring, not even a mouse.
The great irony here, as I see it, is that people who were once singled out by their skin color, and in some cases persecuted and prosecuted unjustly, have taken to using the same tactics to further a racially biased agenda. They above all people should be the keenly sensitive as to how wrong this is. The New Black Panther Party, Jessie Jackson, Al Sharpton, and others are deriving their livelihoods from stirring up trouble and acting outside the law. They are no different than any trouble maker the KKK ever had, and they should be dealt with as severely. It is not about hoodies folks. It is about letting our legal system work. The case in Florida involves two individuals and only two individuals. When the investigation is done and all the available evidence gathered, the case will be presented to a jury and a decision will be rendered. Until that time, the president of the United States, talking heads from all our media services, neighbors, friends, schoolmates, legislators, sports figures, and law enforcement should refrain from speculating and commenting on what happened.
It requires ICH to develop a new five-year strategic plan, plus annual plans for implementing it. The Council is supposed to get these as part of the administration’s annual budget proposals.
Allowing the victim to use a loan car temporarily, and paying their insurance excess of a few thousand rands, is about as much responsibility for the lapse that most dealerships are willing to take, almost always requiring the victims to dig into their own pockets for a similar new set of wheels.
I've made a tradition out of hand-delivering the manuscripts of the Breweries books to my editor, Kyle Weaver, at Stackpole Books in Mechanicsburg, Penn., starting with the first edition of Pennsylvania Breweries. This one, as Kyle pointed out, marked 10 years that we've been working together. So after I dropped off the chunk of paper, and told him a few stories about putting the book together, we went out to lunch at the Pizza Grille in Camp Hill I had a Tröegs Pale Ale -- actually, we both did; Kyle's onto good beer now too, and always seeks out the locals when he travels -- and a really different mushroom pizza, with smoked mozzarella, and a wild mushroom puree instead of the traditional tomato sauce. Delicious, and the beer was great.
Why oh why did NONE of you stop me when I mentioned a bike ride with a sore shoulder???
A plate of food is prepared to feed the dead on their big night out. Apples cut across the middle to reveal the Star at the heart, fruit and nuts, tonight a little pasta bolognese and wholemeal bread with butter and honey. A traditional bottle of cider and cigarettes for the ghosts who like to party.
Also a must for a great shower is great flowers! Here is any easy how-to for a quick and pretty arrangement:
Good Afternoon all
tasting cream and salt.
I laughed as I would die;
I'll break it down by product now...
Me: Nope.
I also got my timetable last week. It isn't good, because I often have lessons early in the morning or very late in the evening.... but its ok. I am looking forward to the design and drawing lessons and also to the language and practise course!
As I was getting myself comfortable, laying my backpack onto the couch and with just a few chit-chat.
My heart, which I was amazed to find grow so easily to encompass loving two daughters when I thought I only had the room for one, has been split down the middle and I am left wounded and aching. Nothing can touch me when I feel the waves of desperation and loss and immense sadness wash over me.
I skimmed through it briefly as I was rushing through Barnes & Noble but didn't have a chance to look through carefully, yet I kept the title in mind so I could research a bit more.
When miscarriages, stillbirths and neonatal deaths were removed from the analysis, the inbreeding effect on survival to 10 years was found more consistent and both multiple and logistic regressions show a clear inbreeding depression in the inbred offspring.
There is a successful new development at Salford Quays just outside Manchester. It has been created out of a disused quay on the Manchester Ship canal. They have attracted the major broadcasting companies head offices to their “Media City” and they have a gallery to the famous painter L.S.Lowry. They already had Old Trafford the ground of world-famous football team Manchester United.
As a disclaimer, obviously you never REALLY know what is going to happen in a circumstance like this, so if I get a whole bunch of donations and the whole thing falls through, I will donate every cent of it to a charity of our collective choice. It's a win-win situation either way, no?
For I see your wayward flinch
Ooo, I haven't been over here in a long time. I had forgotten what this blog looked like! Pretty snazzy :)
1 clean rabbit, quartered, seasoned with salt, pepper and garlic, coat in bag of flour.
2 cloves garlic, peeled & roughly chopped
In the last two weeks, the younger two and I have been concentrating on poetry in their respective language programmes.
PHILIPPE PETIT is interested in soundtracks; even if he creates original music he'd rather be introduced as a "musical travel agent" than a composer.
Breakfast was a mix of melons, cantaloupe, honeydew and watermelon with some mint leaves. I have to say that mint added to fruit is very refreshing and I think I will be adding this powerful little herb in the future.
To feel capable of making a difference in the world.
Knowing that only a very few organizations such as these win, time after time, is depressing mainly because it underlines that most organizations are still doing very little. Certainly very little that is innovative or genuinely helpful to older people.
Soya sauce, 3 table spoon
The third day was a visit to Deschutes, a great example of the Portland Brewpub beer scene. Here (as well as Bridgeport) the scene is not just about the beer. The food, the wine, cocktails, decor, music, coolness. It seems anybody who is anybody in the brewering industry needs a flagship venue. A favourite food and beer combo was the Deschutes Porter with Elk Meatballs served with dumplings, in gravy and sour cream.
It is time to recognize how much Russia has accomplished in less than a generation, how much it could contribute to the military capacity of NATO, and how much its full cooperation could enhance global security if it were rewarded, finally, with membership in NATO.
In Rhyme,
Somewhere I have a list of people I’ve slept with. It’s quite long. (shut up Rose, that’s disgusting!)
After many years away from our small hometown we moved back for a job change. We were living in a tiny rental house around the corner from this one with our baby girl and our yellow dog. My husband had gotten his dream job as a professor at a small liberal arts college and I had found a way to stay close to Chickie and put my teaching experience to use at a nearby preschool. Things were going well.
A torn out entry in my history.
“Hey, sorry about… ya know.”
Recept: Yes! You finally got it right, Sir!
Spiritual experiences are more likely to occur in the presence of a guru, but even here we must be cautious. The mass energy around a teacher may cause us to have an experience around them, even if they are not our true teacher. Holy sites, temples and powerful places in nature are also more likely to give us experiences. Pilgrimage is well known for giving experiences, particularly those like visiting Mt. Kailas in Tibet that require a good deal of exertion to get there. There are practices like vision quests, or seeking the darshan (vision) of the deity, that aim at producing experiences. These also have their place and require a certain dedication and sincerity to achieve.
Always Stay Graceful,
Nate: You weren't there the whole time?
This song is the centerpiece of the V is for Vagina album imo. To understand Vagina Mine, you really need to look at the overall concept of Puscifer and what it means at a basic level. ‘Puscifer‘ is a way to describe how people today are too focused on material/physical desires (i.e. the ‘pussy‘ part of it), which leaves them vulnerable to manipulation by dark forces (i.e. the ‘Lucifer‘ part of it). This is a common theme throughout the album.
If you would like me to send you one it's FREE only I will charge $5.00 for mailing costs to get it to you. Please click the email button. I will take pre-orders but the new catty will not ship until June 1, 2012. If you are one of my Birthday / Christmas Club Members you will automatically get a new catalog June 1, 2012!
falls there where you are, I am; lips
He was a rough country boy who'd never seen a fork.
Here I go again, see me running red
The sign in question reads, “Public Swimming Pool, White Only.” It is dated 1931 and from Alabama.
Because of pre-existing health conditions, no company would offer us a plan. I felt like an uninsured person would in the U.S. not knowing how we would qualify for health insurance.
What was achieved in Australia-- a 56% reduction in youth suicide rates--is what Inspire is up to in the US and also Ireland. After reaching out to Jack, I had an impromptu meeting with Anastasia Goodstein, the Director of Digital Programs. (The kind of meetings SXSW generates) Meet Anastasia.
If you're a follower or become a follower, post a second comment.
Faction: Originally form _____I will not spoil it, chooses Dauntless
Her attempts to bribe Albertans with “Dani Dollars.” Her intent to cut transit funding to big cities. Her threats to re-open the old Municipal Airport battle in Edmonton after we spent so many acrimonious years at war over it. Her claims that the jury is still out on global warming. Her refusal to stand up against members of her own party who are racist, anti-gay bigots, because she says those candidates’ personal views are none of her business or by extension ours (ignoring the fact that what you believe in guides everything you do, including how you vote on policy). I could go on, but I would run of steam from typing.
At his upstate New York ranch Jimi collapses after a recording session in his basement studio. He is rushed to the hospital where it is reported that he has developed hepatic cancer. False reports of his death flood the industry until Jimi appears in January of 2000 on MTV with Kurt Loder. Looking ill, he is asked if he plans to do any recording in the near future, to which Hendrix responds, “I have been recording and playing music for over 40 years, man. I think my body is trying to tell me it needs a break.”
Kettle
Don't spray bleach on the ceiling
Disclaimer: We received this introductory training class free of charge. We chose to review the product because we were so satisfied with our training session. Dental Student (who was never a big fan of trainers) suggested we use her to "brush up" once a month...
Processes
I slept from (blank) until (blank) on the couch in the living room. When I got up I played guess the time .
Here is where we circle back to the beginning of the post and, in fact, the title itself.
I've been known to read three books at a time, but usually I switch between two. I read one in print and one on my Kindle, depending on where I am, what I'm in the mood for, etc. If I'm travelling or reading in bed, I usually read something on my Kindle. Most of the galley's I get from NetGalley are on my Kindle too. During the day I usually choose to read a print book in order to catch up on my massive, MASSIVE, TBR pile.
I felt exposed, disgusting and gross. I couldn't understand how he could love me enough to do this.
I guess I never finished that first sentence. So the other way to kick start my career is to update my resume by volunteering.
Here is the promo for “The Departed:”
afternoon snack
"Amiens, France, 1916: Captain Julian Ashford, a British officer in the trenches of the Western Front, is waylaid in the town square by Kate, a beautiful young American. Julian’s never seen her before, but she has information about the reconnaissance mission he’s about to embark on. Who is she, and why did she track him down in Amiens?
she told me i needed a goal
This is not a review blog, so I'm not going to give an actual review of the film. I'm also not going to give away any of the plot. I just have a few thoughts. First of all, Dark Shadows is visually stunning and some of the special effects are breathtaking. It's also darker than the trailers would lead you to believe, but still funny. Essentially, it's an utterly over-the-top Gothic melodrama. As I said, I've never seen the original soap opera, but I get the feeling there were a lot of references to it in the movie. It felt like a condensed Gothic soap. I also loved the seventies soundtrack, which included a couple of performances by Alice Cooper.
Clarifying further, I said we are threats to no one as our joint task is to spread the Light and help others to be liberated from veils of illusions. It is not our task to search & destroy Dark Beings, a task that belongs more to the Archangelic realm.
Yes, beloved souls, love is just that simple — allowing it to be! As often as the word love is spoken, written or read, it is possible — probable! — that the power of love and the many forms in which love is expressed rarely are recognized. Love and light are the two faces, if you will, of the energy essence of Creator, that most powerful force in the cosmos. Especially now, with so little time before Earth reaches fourth density, it is vital to understand that love is the key to every soul’s ascension. That is why I asked my mother to insert here the part of a book where she and I talked about love and light.
Xuankong Si
We have no easy answers, but the Christian knows that we are not left without hope: suffering is redeemed by the promise of resurrection, Good Friday is followed by Easter.
And what of the planet, of Mother Earth, and the conditions in the universe preceding to have allowed for life to flourish, to have nurtured life into existence, a soft breath on delicate embers? Mother’s day goes far out.
*grin*
Here’s one of my many favourite things about Twitter: I can experience a TV drama serial, an episode of EastEnders, a film, a book or a comic, then immediately look the writer up on Twitter and tell them how much I liked it. This can only be a good thing for scribblers, who are often so used to being sidelined and glimpsed in credits which hurtle past in one quarter of the screen. If you like a writer’s work, tell them so. I love the fact that we can now do this so easily. Same goes, of course, for directors, producers and anyone else whose work you enjoy. Positive feedback, where deserved, puts a giddy spring in the world’s step. You can even connect with your all-time heroes. I'd certainly like to know in which other universe I could tweet my admiration at John Carpenter and receive a reply within minutes.
Fabric Requirements:
Recently, I found myself unexpectedly stopping at a library without my laptop, my notes and apparently without a functioning memory tool in my brain. The library had ‘stuff’ that I really wanted but I couldn’t remember exactly what I needed and time was limited.
Mathematics SG H
This qualitative approach adds value to the surveys, evaluations and other quantitative methodologies used in previous studies. African-centred approaches have the strength to give voice and representation to the key people in the research – Africans. Critical thinking and problem-solving are also research strategies which work within the African-centred paradigm and are valuable methodologies for aiding deep-conscious or introspective analysis.
We didn't go on a honeymoon.
Runnin’ ’round leaving scars
A comprehensive survey of the major US military source points of radioactive contamination now under the supervision of the Environmental Management activities of the Department of Energy as required by the 1995 National Defense Authorization Act as well as other remedial action programs including the CERCLA (Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act, also known as the Superfund).
I am grateful for a Heavenly Father who loves us.
I remembered it but I didn't feel like doing it.
You could say I got published through the back door. I don't have an agent and I didn't have to deal with any rejection. I had worked at Mogzilla as an intern and I approached them directly with my book. Luckily, they were looking for new authors and liked what I had done, so here we are. I feel a bit like a cheated!
- Large opening for easy access to contents
Everytime i have listened to this album ive had shivers inside me, "Pjesma no. 3" can bring me to tears "Za koji život treba da se rodim / For What Life Should I Be Born" is one of the best moments of my intire music listening ! and "Makedonija" is a very memmorable song. best get the version with that song on it! the Vrijeme remastered version is even better :)
There were second place finishes in Argentina, San Marino and Britain and fine performances led to nothing from Japan in a trademark Alesi surge through the field, Spain with a blown V12 engine and again at Monza, as wheel bearing failure denied him another potential success on tifosi homeland. Alesi broke down in tears after this event. However there were no such issues at the Canadian Grand Prix.
My interests and experiences have been working with children who “fall between the cracks.” My education and experiences as well as passions have led me to work as director for group homes, camps for special needs children/adults, inner-city camps, Christian camps, and residential treatment centers for children. My goal is to combine these experiences with my mental health license and open a camp/residential program for children/youth and their families.
The cut in Do You Like My New Car is audible also in the Safe Muffins boot (that contains about half of what is available in this source, in a different tracks order).
I got home, Googled “Online grocery shopping” along with my city and state, and my life has never been the same.
C) Why was *****, a disease that in its most commonly expressed form kills unremorsefully by age 5, more worthy of attention than more common and more treatable diseases like sickle cell anemia or cystic fibrosis?
This advice won't help you get a date with Beyoncé Knowles or Kelly Rowland, but at least you won't get a drink thrown in your face.
Tonight we went to see Bill Mallonee play-by far one of my favorite song writers. Paste magazine listed him as #51 or something on their list of 100 greatest living songwriters. I’d put him at about three or four.
This film was made in 1969, some time after the golden age for Hollywood Musicals, However, Hello Dolly is reminiscent of the flamboyant, feel-good, funny musicals of the 40s and 50s. Barbra Streisand (too young for the role, but she gives it all she’s got) plays widow Dolly Levi, who makes a living by – among other things – running a matchmaker service of sorts. She is determined to marry the rich but dour Horace Vandergelder (Walter Matthau), but he has decided to propose to Irene Malloy – a woman Dolly introduced him to. While attempting to ensure that Horace and Irene don’t get together, Dolly also gets involved with the love lives of two naive young men who work at Vandergelder’s store.
Celebrities with a Heart Shaped face: Jennifer Lopez, Claudia Schiffer and Michelle Pfeiffer.
The agony!
So…what are you waiting for?
forgive my body its imperfections,
Me: "He has this much left." I hold my fingers two inches apart.
We had discussed getting a new SUV with a third row. Having seen the commericals for the Chevy Traverse, I was smitten. This could be the car that saved us from minivans. It could fit seven (or eight) comfortably. I could have room for two car seats plus all their stuff and still have more then one other adult in the car with us.
The day Brigitta accidentally flings herself into the lap of a guy she's never met, her friend Natalie is convinced he's Trent Yves, egotistical heartthrob-in-hiding. When the boy, who calls himself Luke, is nearly eaten by a cougar, Brigitta finds herself saving his life, being swept into his spectacular embrace and wondering if she wants Natalie's fantasy to be true.
Beautiful music, most of which is free. I highly recommend checking her out.
Super slacker, and to think 2011 I would suck less at this! Maybe one day I will get to the backlog of recipes.
Ms Daranee faces between nine and 45 years in prison if she is convicted.
Another poem left to speak
Netanyahu is set on Sunday to announce that he is dissolving parliament and calling elections for September 4 — a year ahead of schedule. In the weeks immediately after that vote, said well-connected commentator Amnon Abramovich on the top-rated Channel 2 news, Netanyahu will head a transition government at home and have no need to worry about voter sentiment, and he knows that President Barack Obama will be paralyzed by the US presidential campaign.
The brewers blend pure New York State Riesling grape juice with an American wheat beer. The result is a grapey, spicy product with a light amber color and fruity aroma.
Neclace: Etsy
It is my impression on Golden week, though this year I noticed another aspect of it; I found many volunteers who mow grass in some public gardens and squares, and on TV I also saw people who work for the devastatingly damaged places in the North East area. I'm really encouraged by it.
Historically, the law governing slander focused on oral statements that were demeaning to others. By the 1500s, English courts treated slander actions as those for damages. Libel developed differently, however. English printers were required to be licensed by and give a bond to the government because the printed word was believed to be a threat to political stability. Libel included any criticism of the English government, and a person who committed libel committed a crime. This history carried over in part to the United States, where Congress under the presidency of John Adams passed the Sedition Act, which made it a crime to criticize the government. Congress and the courts eventually abandoned this approach to libel, and the law of libel is now focuses on recovery of damages in civil cases.
Will you tell me if I did the wrong thing. If so I will come back again. If not I will come back anyway. In plain words, I enjoy your nearness, Dearest.
Oh, and about that return game and letting a freshman run out kicks eight yards deep? Evidently that was a collaborative decision:
I bet he was trying to steal cheese.
“Much of the writing process was about experimenting with different sounds and recording techniques,” say the duo. “A lot of the sound is owed to recording in the cold, eerie rooms of a Victorian coach-house, as we wanted to use different spaces to bring an atmospheric sound to the songs.”
Pete's structural engineering work has managed to continue even though the economy has really turned things around in the construction and design business. Jobs that he used to turn away are now welcomed with open arms. Negotiating prices is much more of a business practice rather than "take it or leave it". The one thing that has kept Pete's clients coming back has been his accessibility. He's not always the smoothest with customer relations, but he certainly is responsive, reliable and quick on the spot. The work gets done on time or even earlier. And sometimes, if it turns out to be easier than he anticipated, he will refund the customer for the difference (even though he gave a written estimate). He seems to have some very loyal customers and for that, we are grateful.
The Na’vi god, then, seems to see that change is coming and that the Na’vi must learn to navigate this change in order for them to survive. It’s not that they must lose their culture, or have their culture assimilated into an American way of life, but that they can learn from Jake in order to defend themselves. They need to be open to an outsider’s way in order to defeat the outsiders, so while Jake is sent into Pandora to spy on the Na’vi, the Na’vi god seems to want the Na’vi people to bring Jake in so they can use him, too.
The New Year will also see me embark on a couple of Beer Nerd Adventures as I attempt to visit as many beer bars and restaurants as I can so that I can give you all an idea of what they are about. Many more nights and sunny afternoons will be spent at special places like The Local Taphouse which is fast becoming a beer Mecca for those seeking beery sustenance as well as beery conversation and beery company. Well done, boys, and keep up the good work.
Evaluate the plumbing components inside the home: I inspect all of the interior plumbing fixtures for proper connections. I also make sure all the waste lines are properly discharging into an approved waste system. Dye is intruduced into the waste water system and over the following weeks may be tracked through its disposal stream. Water treatment systems (softeners) can be harmful to septic systems and I evaluate where the discharge of these systems go.
I logged on. I was assaulted by the fact that “#BeliebersAreUnstoppable” was trending. Beliebers are people who follow pop teen heartthrob Justin Bieber. There are 18 million “Beliebers” out there.
Not all liberal homeschoolers are hostile toward public schools I do think my local public school with it's emphasis on mandatory school uniforms wasn't the best place for MY CHILDREN to receive an education. But numerous other families in my school district are perfectly happy sending their children to this school and I have no problems with my tax money being used to support it as long as I have the RIGHT to educate my children in the way that best suits my family. In our case it was homeschooling. Goldstein also missed that memo that SINGLE PARENTS can and do homeschool. Yes, it is more difficult for them but they can and do do it.
“Recent statements discouraging participation in and support of these auctions are not only inconsistent with the goals of Congress, but also are not helpful to competition necessary for a successful and competitive auction,” CEA President and CEO Gary Shapiro wrote in a terse letter Tuesday to NAB President and CEO Gordon Smith.
In a food processor, pulse the Thin Mints a few times, and then blend them down until they are just crumbs. It might be easier to do this in two batches.
The album will never die, not just because people like me are still obsessed with that particular unit of measurement as the ultimate object of music consumption, but because recording artists will always record lots of songs and will want to release all of them, not just the occasional 'hit.' Whether we put the album on shuffle more often than not or cherrypick those hits and favorites after the initial listens doesn't matter, the 'new song bundle' or 'annual single artist playlist' or whatever we end up calling it is going to remain a commercially and artistically viable medium to whatever extent music itself will. At least, that's what I'm telling myself this year.
I had to chuckle. I though that was a perfect demonstration of how circular our beliefs and conceptualisations about how things work can be.
She had set aside some of my father's sweaters and ties for my brothers, and I said I wanted something, too. (My sister had already collected the books, which is what I really wanted--to this day, I only have a few and that's probably a good thing, given the size of our house.) Somehow--I don't remember the moment well--my mother handed me his coat.
And then, dotted around the place, you will see a look of quiet desperation from many. “She never called back”, “why didn’t he text me”, “was I really that drunk?”
Key Lesson: Even when we experience serious doubts, Jesus reaches out to us and restores our faith
It further stressed the need
We reached the Franz Joseph glacier park early afternoon and went straight to a cafe for breakfast, we were both starving and ordered big meals. Afterwards we shopped the very short High Street for glacial experiences, but couldn’t find the exact one we wanted. While we contemplated whether we wanted to do a glacial hike, helicopter ride, quad biking (unfortunately not on the glacier) or a combo heli-hike I drove up to the glacier park and we walked to the glacier to see it from the ground. The hike took 1.5hours, there and back again and was all on the flat, which helped with Aaron as he is not one for walking much.
Paper: Naturals, scraps of designer series paper
*For the hat, cut a 1' x 1" and put a green strip at one extreme.
Yet, on December 17, 2010, it was the attempted suicide of Mohammed Bouazizi, a 26-year-old Tunisian man trying to support his family by selling fruits and vegetables who ignited (no pun intended) the Tunisian Revolution and the broader Arab Spring; by dousing himself in paint thinner and setting himself on fire, his inner-desperation freed millions.
"Yes, dammit, I said 'was'. The bitch is dead now."
I am so thankful for being able to be forgiven.
She is alive…
These are super simple to put together. Next time I will decrease the honey content and make them less sweet because I thought they were on the sweet side. I think with a little bit less they will be even better. Who needs all that sugar right?
Thank you so much to all you that participated in the Huge giveaway by Top Teachers.
I've just looked at property prices in UK, and am flabbergasted. France and Belgium have caught up, and even with the unfavourable exchange rate, UK prices are suddenly looking more attractive. For example, for the current value of my apartment here in Brussels, I could buy a 3-bedroom house with garden in somewhere like ... er ... Eastbourne.
GENERAL PETRAEUS: I think that’s the case.
and closer....
Comparable data is only available for “total average circulation.” To compare detailed year-over-year data for digital editions, you’ll need to reference each individual newspaper’s Publisher’s Statement or use the eFAS-FAX analyzer tool.
How much stuff does one person or one family need for crying out loud?
Jesuit-trained President of the Philippines (Gloria Arroyo) and is a
So, she decides to act by saying she would give Itou lessons on what to do with girls. This includes everything from making out to sex.
I used to wonder when it was that I'd feel like a grown up. Getting married didn't do it. Working a real job where I wore a suit every day, didn't do it. Buying a house, even having a child, I still felt like a child myself playing in this grown up world.
There are many wonders in the world of Etsy. In addition to the plethora of crafts, vintage items, wreaths, cards, scarves, paintings, pots, breads, soaps, trinkets, and supplies, there exist countless selling strategies, seller support services, and marketing moves. One of the most intriguing aspects of selling and creating on Etsy is participating in BNR or BNS treasuries.
Lowest vote, North Hertfordshire, Letchwood East, 36, Tim Vickers.
It was like a nightmare, but there was no waking up. When the night began, Nora had two best friends and an embarrassingly storybook one true love. When it ended, she had nothing but blood on her hands and an echoing scream that stopped only when the tranquilizers pierced her veins and left her in the merciful dark.
I opened by page in May.
Perhaps this is the flip side of being an abstainer, but I’ve found that if I’m trying to make myself do something, I do better if I do that thing every day. When people ask me advice about keeping a blog, one of my recommendations is, “Post every day, or six days a week.” Weirdly, it’s easier to write a blog every day than it is to write it three or four times a week. I don’t know how moderators feel about this.
After touring Canterbury we drove to the coastal town of Dover. We walked along the famed White Cliffs of Dover, which were breathtaking even with the extremely strong sea breezes. In fact, the wind was so strong that we could lean against it and not fall over. The walk was a few miles long and we were treated to a quaint lighthouse in the middle of our walk.
My card today is a kiddie card for Vineet's colleague's twin kids (a boy and a girl) who are turning 1 this week. I went overboard with stickers , but with a small logic (that might not sound too logical to you LOL!) - little toddlers can't read but they can identify pictures ;-).
More in the movie’s favor than its plot or action are its relatively great cinematic qualities. Director Memduh Un enriches each frame with a wonderfully expressionist, almost noir-ish eye. Dutch angles and moody lighting give it an atmosphere beyond the simple and action and poverty of plot. ALTIN COCUK looks great, better than it should, and is a shining testament to the often unheralded talents that were behind these disposable pop films. The acting isn’t anything that you wouldn’t find in any other Turkish film (or Spanish or Greek or Egyptian for that matter), but the cheap charisma of Goksel Arsoy holds things together nicely for the brief duration of the flick. And of course Altan Gunbay, in one of his earliest roles is typically great as the bald bad-ass out to betray his brethren. But really, it’s the endless parade of beautiful ladies that keeps your attention in scenes not featuring gunfire or torture. Sevda Nur plays the main girl, and while she hasn’t much to do, her dark and ethereal beauty are mesmerizing and after awhile you don’t really remember that she not really all that great as an actor. There’s quite a bit to be excited about in this movie, especially if you enjoy 60s spy flicks. Honestly, it’s never really been my cup of tea, I don’t even care for the Bond movies, but one thing I do like is Turkish pop cinema, in any shape or genre, and so ATLIN COCUK gives me just enough of that thrill that it will keep me coming back as long as it remains in on my DVD shelf.
With that in mind I haven’t rated this fours stars purely because ‘I liked it’, I find most history books fascinating. The rating comes from the fact it’s a very good and apparently well researched introduction to the time period. It’s a nice easy read that doesn’t feel overly academic but manages to fit a fuckton of information in. And, even better for a geek like me, it endnotes to the original sources and important secondary works pretty extensively – so if there’s anything a reader wants to question there’s normally a note in the back of the book directing them as to where the information came from. Now I didn’t do it but just knowing I can always makes me feel a bit happier. Despite the gimmicky title it is a book that could be read purely for fun or used as a starting point for academic work.
ps, i have nevereverever posted about paris hilton before (i don't think at least)..
To answer your question, Jan, Charles Dickens is my favorite author. I forgive him of illogic (see my book report, above), wanton use of coincidence, and the cliffhanger story line that disappeared in Little Dorrit. He was a master of characterization, dialect, and emotion. He was a window to Victorian England, writing often about the social ills and inequities between the haves and have-nots.
Lens: EF 28-80mm, Aperture 3.8-5.6, Macro 0.38m/1.3ft
Food.
3-28-10
From Megan’s Abstract:
Björk Hyperballad IS
Except, it is opened only once a year, it is where our Christmas decorations are kept.
When I was taking golf lessons, my instructor warned against the paralysis of analysis: focusing so intently on doing everything correctly to the extent that I could no longer effectively swing the club.
Getting Down to Business (Books)
Neil and Becky got her this easel with a bunch of art supplies. She has also spent some time today writing on the dry erase board wearing her cute art smock. I think this will get lots of use! (This picture cracks me up because if you make it big you can see Drew and Ashley are making the same face as Darcy in the background.)
Actualise ordained potential…
That’s why 8th grade love is just the best. Hunt for that feeling inside yourself. Its done a lot for me.
Which may be true, or might not be true. If it's not, then because of that awesome critique, I now know what the issue is. And if I have an issue in one work, it's probable that I have a similar issue in another work. And I need to figure out what the fix is, or if I need to do some craft related research, so I can learn how to fix it. But it's mine to fix.
Please share with me! Let's dish:)
Okay, onto the sushi. You can of course use the traditional rice if you like, or any other whole grain. I really like quinoa because it's soft and fluffy, and tastes amazing with the nori. Just make sure that whatever grains you use, they are on the moist side, but not mushy. Add water to increase moisture if necessary.
I re-read the weight loss chapters and came acorss a passage that gives me a small sliver of hope. Simply put, the cheat days are necessary especially for women and last week, mine was more of a cheat meal. So on Saturday, I ate badly in attempt to reset my metabolism.
Oh Yeah, we survived KC's Cinco de Derby Day party. Good thing, otherwise we wouldn't be here today.
If you'd like to sit in on the performance, please see Mr Calder or Mrs Stimson as soon as possible.
Speaking of baked goods, there’s nothing better then a freshly baked apple pie after a lot of touring around in Julian!!! It was heavenly!!!!!
As for this posts title... I wracked my brain trying to think of a cute, creative green themed title, with no avail. When I started trying to think of pale, it came to me. This song has always been a favourite of mine, so it was a good excuse to give it another listen (even if it made me cry, again.)
I’m glad Serena is no longer the acting Gossip Girl. I did not like the person she had become. Nate was right that she was acting just like Gossip Girl. I use to love Serena, but this person she has become is not her. Blair found herself again during this episode and now Serena needs to do the same.
However this afternoon I decided to expand my terrain collection just a little. I'd ventured onto The Junior General looking for some top-down figures for a project I'm mulling over at the moment, and ended up in their terrain and accessories section. Before I knew it I'd downloaded a rather nice medieval house and set about resizing it for different figure scales.
I have been trying very hard to “eat clean” lately. I told my husband that I wanted to stay on the wagon on Mother’s Day, and he obliged me with a lovely healthy, yummy breakfast and dessert.
“What the?” His sentence stalled by the appearance of a shadowy form, a familiar yet pixelled face. “Jake?” The noose tightens around a murderer’s throat. Sheer terror and disbelief drains colour from his face as he’s dragged from Jasmine’s bed across the floor by a spectral Jacob. Every vein protruding as Ron’s body tries uselessly to resist the surprising power of the supernatural. His face contorting through pain and disbelief as his last breath
bling scatter
The audience reaction last night was extraordinary. There were two points at which he had to actually pause before continuing the show because the giggling was so loudly overwhelming.
In addition to your image you need to consider your growth. If it’s possible you could quickly outgrow your home office and be unable to capitalise on growth potential then moving to an office now could give you better opportunities in the future. However, this comes down to cost. Do you have the capital to invest now and is your income steady enough to cover the costs on a monthly basis. There is no point risking the whole business just because you ‘think’ it could grow ‘at some point’. Better to stay put and save any profits for when the time is right to move.
1.) GDI who arrives with a group of girls, and leaves with none – This poor guy is in what we call the friend zone, but he doesn’t know it. He brings all the meat to the barbeque and makes a few friends in doing so, but ends up without a burger later in the day you know? He is stuck going home with just his hot dog.
CCCW: I know that you have a very close relationship with your Head Coach Marc Fiore. Can you tell me how you two met?
“Aw, you’re such a good brother.”
Negative: Lack of confidence, dampness, depression, hibernation, lack of energy.
And it's true -- at the moment, books themselves aren't social. eBooks are starting to lean in that direction, with the help of eReaders allowing comments and then sharing such comments with friends. But how do you make books social and help spread the word, outside of Twitter, blogs and Facebook?
The subplots.
Ketsuekigatabetsu Onna ga Kekkon Suru Hoho
As love’s unrestrained freedom
* a fire station with two garages and a tower (with tiny sleeping quarters, a lounge, and a command center)
Trailblazer
We drank the rest of our beer in the taxi. Upon arriving she told me that I’d need to chug the rest of mine. I remember this vividly because at the time I didn’t know that it’s perfectly legal to consume alcohol in a moving vehicle. This holds true as long as you’re not the driver, and as long as you’re not a passenger in the United States.
There are all manner of objects that steampunk enthusiasts manage to convert into gorgeous neo-Victorian versions of themselves, keyboards, guitars, iPods, even Santa. Seriously, Google it. One of the most impressive steampunk makeovers I've seen are these reimagined Star Wars illustrations by artist Bjorn Hurri. Check it.
However, here in the United States, the king cake is most often associated with the celebration of Mardi Gras. The top of the cake is decorated with the trademark symbolic colors of the celebration — purple, green, and gold, each representing justice, faith, and power, respectively. Here, the hidden surprise takes on another meaning. It is often said that whoever is lucky enough to receive that slice with the figurine becomes the king or queen for a day — surely a welcome surprise, unless, that is, one is unfortunate enough to bite down on the doll. So eat your king cake carefully…Click Here For King Cake Recipe.
“After a thorough discussion of the subject, it was agreed to start the paper, each one present contributing to a fund for the purpose. But my idea had been modified, and a campaign paper was determined upon, to cease with the election. The title of the new paper was suggested by Judge Greenwood. It was The Brooklyn Daily Eagle and Kings County Democrat.
‘Our objective is to give maximum support to your project with integrity, on time, and within the stipulated budget.’, is to read on their website.
I had the pleasure of serving my first 3 day notice of 2012 yesterday. Can you feel the excitement?
(or, as they say in London - "take away").
Carrie Ann loved it! But she wants him to be a little less smooth, more staccato. Len liked the humor of the dance, but said it needed more aggression. Bruno liked the Jagger beginning, but agreed with the others that the technique needed to be better.
and your sepia toned memory
Apple Valley 10k - 10/24/09 - 58:38
‘…A pitching system including:
Behind her, his laughing breath fell warm across her forehead. She looked up as far as she could but he was out of range.
Receiving and Installation
Find a nice hard wall somewhere: Basement, squash court, house, back of your hubby’s head? You will also need a partner as you cheat, quite often as a matter of fact! This is what we did at CultFit HQ:
I am gonna stick to California, the reason I did that state is because it is where skateboarding was born and still grows. Skateboarding is global, we all know that. But it was born here and it dies here. If you’rE gonna take skateboarding serious, like get in the line of fire and try to make some shit happen in the world of skate. You gotta roll through through Cali.
I counted up to ten, just to give her time to reconsider. But even if she had changed her mind, I don't know what she could have done. There was an eight-storey drop from my window, and no lock on the bedroom door. Just how low can he go?
Casey comments on Roberts’ “rebuttal”: (links removed)
Recently, I acquired a CTS book on the Saint and discovered the Legend of the letter from the Lord. By pious tradition St Jude is involved in a remarkable story involving a letter said to have been either written by, or dictated by Our Lord Jesus Christ.
List of available books (choose 1 book from the below list. For ease of time and space I have listed series', but I'm only offering 1 book, not the entire series.)
She is 12 years old, so please keep that in mind when making suggestions (both for reading level and mature topics). She isn't really drawn to fantasy or contemporary "issues" books.
While they were traveling, He entered a village, and a woman named Martha welcomed Him into her home. She had a sister named Mary, who also sat at the Lord’s feet and was listening to what He said. But Martha was distracted by her many tasks, and she came up and asked, “Lord, don’t You care that my sister has left me to serve alone? So tell her to give me a hand.”
If I lived in Medford, I could grow goodies in my parents backyard. My mom usually has something growing back there that’s good to eat. Or, I could have raided my sister’s garden patch. Last summer I helped my niece, Emmaline, to plant and grow her own veggies.
I was excited cause it looked so cute
Back to work now.
2. Breathe (Reprise)
I didn’t care for the Bahrain Grand Prix. I found myself frustrated throughout most of the race. The mood at Bahrain International Circuit, was at best, subdued. Despite reports that it was a sold out event, you’d be hard pressed to notice any fan presence. Blisteringly hot temperatures made tire strategy, the highest priority and most teams held back in qualifying, to conserve precious rubber.
The Black Album at the time was meant to be the end of the man as performer. He was meant to retire. Fortunately, he didn’t ( later albums are equally magnificent). The album therefore feels a little odd in a way. Jay-Z is rapping like it’s the end. A song like “Encore” feels lighter simply because he feels freer. He sees the end. While the album track here floats on Kanye West’s fantastic production, and as much as I adore its old school feel, I feel this track pales in comparison to the mixtape/other official version created by nu metal hybrids Linkin Park’s brilliant mash-up with their own “Numb” that appeared on Collision Course. You have to be amazed that both versions speak to the man.
December 2
He looked forward to meeting the new owner.
"This is great news for Falkirk and great news for Scottish Labour”.
dictates or to copy what has been written by another. Amanuensis Monday is a daily blogging theme which encourages the family historian to transcribe family letters, journals, audiotapes, and other historical artifacts. Not only do the documents contain genealogical information, the words breathe life into kin – some we never met – others we see a time in their life before we knew them. A
Come join us for a Paper Source Weddings 2009 exclusive event!
Is when I am driving with my two children and I have someone right on my bumper..
we're still believing that God gave us this little man to take care of & love & He can still perfectly heal his little body. but no matter what, he is perfect to us.
The most thorough treatment I came across is in the exceptional Merriam-Webster Dictionary of English Usage. It says the objections began (as they so often do) in the 18th century, beginning with George Campbell in 1776, and they have continued ever since:
MB: Do you think she has anything in common with other Mozart characters? Elettra and Vitellia, for instance, both of which seria parts you have sung?
Well, if it works I think it’s a great idea, but I don’t have the time to fully test it and since I’m still running Leopard, I have no way to test it under Snow Leopard. So I’ll just throw it out there and say that if any of you would like to test it (at your own risk, of course) and see how well it works for you, I’d appreciate it if you’d leave a comment. For the time being, be as careful as you might be with any software from an unknown source. But if you’re daring enough to give it a try, this might indeed be the easiest way to get the latest version of Midnight Commander onto your Mac.
I don't: My machine tells me.
We moved together wordlessly. A step to the right. A smooth glide to the left. I wanted to do like I’d seen Pop do, tip her back and make her laugh like a girl in love. I didn’t. Instead, I settled for leaning in as close as I could, letting my cold, unnatural breaths coat her neck. She shivered.
oh Allah, i beg for your MERCY & LOVES for me and everybody around me, and for everybody who loves me because of You :) amiin.
puzzle piece in the circle of your mouth.
David Axelrod- A Little Girl Lost
M: Mom’s name: Joy
There are also some interesting facts and memory tricks that will help children remember the similarities and differences between the English and French alphabet, for instance;
Once you have the ears on, place the pops in the oven and bake as directed.
He takes care of things for me.
December 1983. More recent
It doesn’t matter who you are, we always have those days of depression. Some things don’t go the way we planned. Or it’s because we got into a fight with our loved ones or friends. Either way, these days are inevitable.
Whatever the case, I’m here now and this is my world.
Your Momma went to the doctor's and saw you again in 3D - you are just so cute! You had your hand up by your face and your nose looked kinda funny because you had it smashed up against your Momma's belly!
parsley/chives/green onion
around 1 a.m.
The most natural of activities. Some people find it kind of boring, but I find it therapeutic. Enforced alone time where you can live inside your own head outside in the open.
Research scientists have long suspected that a relationship existed between obesity and a decline in brain power. New studies now confirm the contention that being overweight is detrimental to the brain. Researchers at the University of California in an article published in the Archives of Neurology demonstrated a strong correlation between central obesity (that is, being fat around the middle) and shrinkage of a part of the brain ( the hippocampus) fundamental for memory (as measured on MRI scans).
And swear that Beauty lives though lilies die,
The fury of the storm had subsided but nature was not done yet. The sun which had emerged from h
Looking in the mirror and being honest with yourself ........that's the true way of getting ahead in this hobby......and in life.
It's a forward-looking program, especially for a small university. They do a lot of publishing of experimental prose and have acquired a couple of small presses. I'm looking forward to learning more about the book biz, and seeing what's happening on the digital front.
Martin Luther (1483-1546), widely regarded as the father of the Protestant Reformation and a number of unintended babies, was a German theologian and religious reformer who challenged the supremacy of the Catholic Church. He also had a vast influence on European concepts of politics, economics, education, language and hair styling, with his now-familiar bowl cut making him one of the most crucial figures in modern European history.
Needless to say, next week I will be traveling to Arizona to get our son! I am overwhelmed, excited and well, just in awe of all God has done here. I don't know specifics yet as I am waiting for a phone call Monday to confirm everything but I know God is in the details and he will orchestrate this all perfectly! Would you all pray!? We are planning to spend the weekend getting things ready for his arrival! I know the next few weeks and beyond are going to be trying, but I KNOW God has got this. Jacob is going to have a lot of adjusting to do as are we, but we are over the MOON excited and would be so honored if you would join us in praying for all of the details! Thank you all SO much for your continued support, love, and prayers! EEEK! Our family is growing again!
Dear God, more than anything in this world I want my life to bring YOU glory. Forgive me for the times I have made it about me. Forgive me for the times I hesitated to trust you, the times I let fear stop me from living full and completely for you.Forgive me for the times I put pleasing man in front of pleasing you. Forgive me for the times when I saw a need and I had something to give- only I did not. Help me to release my bags and in joy give you ALL I have and all that I am. In Jesus name. Amen.
The next day I saw him again in the morning and there was still about twenty minutes left before the bell rang for class.
I wish I had more time to work on a proper mori girl outfit because my head is bursting with ideas now, but I only had one day to whip something up, so I ended up making a quick sheath dress from one of my 70's patterns. I lengthened the skirt to make it a maxidress, and I had to enlarge it a bit to fit my hips, so unfortunately now the top is falling off of me. Not my finest attempt at sewing, but I didn't have time for alterations, so eh... whatever. The dress is made out of a $2 curtain that I bought at Goodwill and lined with .25 cents worth of estate sale fabric that I dyed green.
Advice to this particular "phisher" claimning to be Paypal...learn to spell!
And when I told thee he was of my counsel
Jeff Beck and Prince.
On the way to work, I remember that today, parents are coming to watch my class. No sweat. They're a good class, I'm a good teacher. It's fine. Until Mrs. Lee appears and is a flurry of nervous energy and Yuna, my co-teacher, is trying to explain to me the lesson plan, but can't fully and so enlists the aid of Cindy.
Opening Reception – March 2, 2012 6-9pm
1 scarcely
Kim imagine your next of Kin with M&Ms
You, Former Chancellor,once called Putin “a flawless democrat.” That will stay in your memory.
So since that post is no longer, let’s go ahead and replace it with some real content.
Readers come to the fantasy shelves looking for a specific kind of reading experience. They want to enter other worlds, or they want to enter worlds like this one and yet different, strange, magical. Maybe without realizing, they long for a specific set of tropes: characters, worlds, situations, or magic that resemble those in other fantasy stories they’ve read and loved.
Grief takes you to the ends of your limits. It makes you question everything you thought you knew about life, about yourself, about death. It can make you scream at the heavens, make you cry until you think you’re drowning in your own tears, make you want not to live. All this is accompanied by a host of physical symptoms, such as dizziness, tightness in the chest, restlessness, irritability, inability to focus or organize, inability to eat or sleep (or to eat and sleep too much). And when you think you’ve cried all your tears, finished with your panic attacks, come to accept that he isn’t coming back, grief returns, but this time it comes in a different shade, perhaps not so black as in the beginning, but still dark.
- ¼ teaspoon salt
First posted May 16, 2008
Have you recorded a session for the BBC or De Avonden/VPRO radio?
There have been many places I have traveled in the world. What I know, is we are all the same. While our upbringing and beliefs might vary, our basic need for food, shelter, love and warmth is fundamental. In every country you can find beauty and elegance, as well as back alleys with dark secrets which would be better kept that way. I have looked into the faces of children who are hungry. Mothers and fathers who would steal simply to provide for their loved ones. I have seen the faces of poor mothers who want to feed their babies and protect them, just as any other mother would.
new ventures have begun too.
To demonstrate my thanks and willingness to ally myself with you, as a token of my friendship, I have sent one wagon of goods with this messenger. You may keep both the wagon and the messenger. I have included much of the armor and weaponry damaged in the battle, as I would lose face for trying to sell goods with such obvious cosmetic blemishes to the Dragon, the local smiths would rob me blind for repairs, and by the time I purchase new oxen and hire new guards and drivers, it would be unprofitable to ship them anywhere else… but the equipment is still in good working order and I hope it will prove useful to your order.
All that patients care about is that their treatment is of the highest possible quality and free. Who provides it is irrelevant.
Thank you from the bottom of my heart for joining me here on Giggles Galore and making 2011 such a fun year! I love spending time creating projects and throwing parties and it's so much sweeter to have someone to share it all with.
But it made me wonder. What if instead of having a weekly singing competition, in America we instead had a weekly democratic vs republican debate in which our candidates took calls, and answered questions from real Americans. And not safe, journalist approved questions either. Genuine questions. What if at the end of the whole sha-bang, we crowned our next president based on their responses to these questions.
I loved Ed. As a mentor. As a teacher. As a guide.
This weekend was a boys and girls weekend. My husband and son did camping with the Boy Scouts. My daughter and I had a girls weekend. My guys left on Friday, and returned home on Sunday. My son rode on the Boy Scout bus, while my husband drove the truck. Lucky for all of the scouts, our truck also serves as our storage for all of our camping equipment. The scouts had food, but did not arrange for anything to cook the food in. My husband pulled our all of our camping pots and pans for them to use. Our canopy was also put into use. My husband and son had a great time. They were tired when they returned home, but willing to go out as a family to walk around some stores.
Kate - Gifts For People Who Love History
Johnny’s Gonna Die
29Then Joshua and all Israel with him went on from Makkedah and came to Libnah, and made an attack on it;
To bind the descriptors of the Fold with The Seed Cathedral, consider the units of matter in the Fold. Minima are the smallest parts of the fabric of the Fold. In Heatherwick’s design, this refers to the encapsulated seeds within a larger cathedral. Optical rods are the genetic extension of the seeds. The rods express the singular growth of each seed amidst a collection of growth. Through the capsules, and concordantly through the optical rods, this design makes the seeds visible, and denotes new abstract relationship with nature. The relation of the smallest bit of seed attached to a larger optical cable, which extends to be a Fold, number of a blooming population of optical fibers. These rods are “…supple enough to be formed by what is outside or external to them, yet resilient enough to retain their coherence as architecture.”[5] The bendable nature of the rods is stable, strong, and yields to the wind. The wind interacts with these fibers to distinguish movements for the entire Seed Cathedral. A guest can experience the seed cathedral from outside, from inside, up close to each seed, each fiber, from the side. The building is seemingly uniform, but it is punctuated with distinctive individuality willed to be cohesive within a contained architectural structure. As Deleuze says, “A multiplicity is neither one nor many, but a continuous assemblage of heterogeneous singularities that exhibited both collective qualities of continuity and local qualities of heterogeneity.” [6]
K: I was opposed to the death penalty before I read it, but by the time I finished that essay I just about threw the book across the room, I was so angry.
(still cringing) I think maybe I need a stronger motivation. Maybe not so positive.
Show us your Coolest Pimped Out Tanks, your most Unusual Walkers, your most Venerable Dreadnoughts, your Wickedest Flyers or anything else you can think of just as long as it is a vehicle. No Infantry, Monsters, Daemons or nurglings allowed. Also, no superheavies (Sorry Guardsmen)
I hope that you enjoy them.
The ire of the heavens thou didst endure but who said,love, then, is a fair demand ?
The entire post was in response to several claims and arguments ranging from the false dichotomous people who think it’s either atheist or theist and that one cannot be simply agnostic, to the people that think I cannot say I know a god does not exist if I claim ignosticism.
Happy Mother's Day...
Hello everyone! I've been busy making Christmas cards to complete orders and I went to my chapel's coffee morning where I sold a lot of cards and had more orders! Everyone loved Humphrey and The Snowman.
Now that my world has turned upside-down.
Rumbold was cursed for a reason. This reason is discussed in detail. The curse also affects who Rumbold is as a person. Yes, the book even discusses the physical and psychological effects that being a frog may have had on the prince after he has become human again. Rumbold is a character that I immediately sympathized (*cough* fell in love *cough*) with, even as a frog. He is a charmingly awkward, yet witty young man (er, frog) with obvious personal issues. But underneath it all you know there is a dashing prince who can surely pull through. I may have found a new fairy tale crush!
May 8, 2012: Publication day!
Write your journaling in a circle.
None of my team mates seemed to find anything unusual in either my inability to get within five yards of my opposite number, or the awkward running gait that the swelling had left me with. I soon came to realise I was nothing more than a vocal passenger in the game, with no choice but to wave the white flag. Mark Reeves replaced me, with the game nicely poised at one goal each. Ben Rowe had equalised by dribbling around the goalkeeper. Although Bush Hill went into a 3-1 lead by half-time, there was little evidence of what was to come, as we had made frequent visits into the penalty area, getting behind Bush's defence and creating chances on several occasions.
6 c. chicken stock (it might seem like an absolute ton of stock, but don’t skimp)
go ahead
B-52’s Channel Z US
12. Big In Japan - Suicide A Go Go
Thereafter Hachiyemon continued to grow visibly weaker, day by day; and his family despaired of his life. But one day his mother, who felt sure that he had been concealing something from her, adjured him so earnestly to tell her the real cause of his decline, and wept so bitterly before him, that he was not able to resist her entreaties.
You know your hatred plagues my mind
Perfect. Sigh.
By magic I don’t mean pulling a rabbit out of the hat or sawing a woman in half or other such edifying spectacles, but magical thinking as it has been thought by man for a million years and still is. To be sure we do not subscribe to the total and literal beliefs of either our remote ancestors or the Australian aborigines. And the higher one goes in the intellectual order the less susceptibility to magical thinking one will encounter.
One thing I did really well was shaking my booty and shoulders....I got a lot to shake!
You want to know how it would really be like for you surviving in a farm or homestead surrounded by people that want to steal from you, rape and kill? Has happened before so read up!!
The rules are really easy:
Water and the burn
The quilt top pieces were laid out in a random pattern based mainly on what appealed to me.
Brewer, has been challenged by the Federal government, and is now
Since I am writing romance and have mysteries in my stories, I also have two special extra steps. I found I needed mystery techniques to shortcut the information I required for a “who-dunnit” mystery. These include making “Suspect” and “Victim” spreadsheets. On these I have the headings “Character Name and Archetype,” “Relationship to Victim,” “Apparent Motive,” “Hidden Motive,” “Clues.” I like to put character archetypes for my suspects to quickly define them in my head. For Sin, a National Readers’ Choice Award winner, these included Arrogant Duke, Brooding Poet, Dandy, Tortured Lord.
One friend of mine has an excellent theory:
Free Book
Enemy AP Lost + Own original AP - Own AP losses
I am of even less help to my wife; all I can do is watch. We bring her father over for dinner once a week where he endlessly repeats the stories of his research at the university and his experiences during WWII. I have heard them all so many times; but all I can do is nod and hope he doesn’t notice that I have long since stopped listening.
Just one in 40 pupils who started school in 1995 passed final-year higher grade mathematics and just one in five pupils who completed school in 2008 had good enough grades to enter university, according to a report last year by the Development Bank of Southern Africa.
If you have a template it makes matters easy, but as usual the last minute madness made me forget all about it and so i just randomly piped them on to the paper.
"I would love my life too if I got to do whatever I wanted . . . "
But the meme that we ‘speak through our donations’ is horrifically unfair, because some people have more dollars than others, and the persons which under law ‘corporations’ can claim to be, have more dollars than any of us, despite being run by a tiny select few.
11. Headlines (organ freak out 1) (00:33)
Thanks for popping in to visit with me. I hope you come again soon.
things—if not more blindingly
this is the first day of using it, obviously there will be no change. No mascara:
and quiet me to where i will listen
and follow me into that deep
Jean le Flambeur is a post-human criminal, mind burglar, confidence artist and trickster. His origins are shrouded in mystery, but his exploits are known throughout the Heterarchy - from breaking into the vast Zeusbrains of the Inner System to steal their thoughts, to stealing rare Earth antiques from the aristocrats of the Moving Cities of Mars. Except that Jean made one mistake. Now he is condemned to play endless variations of a game-theoretic riddle in the vast virtual jail of the Axelrod Archons - the Dilemma Prison - against countless copies of himself. Jean's routine of death, defection and cooperation is upset by the arrival of Mieli and her spidership, Perhonen. She offers him a chance to win back his freedom and the powers of his old self - in exchange for finishing the one heist he never quite managed ...The Quantum Thief is a dazzling hard SF novel set in the solar system of the far future - a heist novel peopled by bizarre post-humans but powered by very human motives of betrayal, revenge and jealousy.
The Holy Spirit has been prompting me over and over again to remember what God has done in my life. I finally sat down and started from the time I was young, listing the amazing movement of His will in my mess. I thought about the times He protected and cared for me and when He guided and encouraged me. I looked at all the blessings in my life and saw how He has grown me and changed me into His image.
In his book The Secret Team: The CIA and Its Allies in Control of the United States and the World, Col. Fletcher Prouty, who was the briefing officer to the President of the US from 1955-1963, writes about “an inner sanctum of a new religious order.” By the phrase Secret Team he means a group of “security-cleared individuals in and out of government who receive secret intelligence data gathered by the CIA and the National Security Agency (NSA) and who react to those data.” He states: “The power of the Team derives from its vast intra-governmental undercover infrastructure and its direct relationship with great private industries, mutual funds and investment houses, universities, and the news media, including foreign and domestic publishing houses.” He further adds: “All true members of the Team remain in the power centre whether in office with the incumbent administration or out of office with the hard-core set. They simply rotate to and from official jobs and the business world or the pleasant haven of academe.”
The good news: a new Family, new self, and new purpose come as a gift, when we turn to the Lord.
They hate it here, but it's a living. The town folk, 51% of whom are university graduates, look down on them. Young women are scare, and extramarital sex is forbidden anyway. They can’t get drunk, can’t play their music too loud. The bright spot for many of them is the racial isolation. The bigotry is blatant, not hidden behind a veil of intellectual contortions: “A kaffir (disparaging term for a Black person) is a kaffir,” says Tiene Martines, 17. “He just stinks.”
Row 16: Knit
And for today my creation is a gift from the heart, with a charming sunny touch in color combo:
2 placed
Sometimes, you just have to take a seat on the sidelines and rest. Rest emotionally. Rest mentally. Rest physically. Know yourself and your limitations. When you need this, don't hesitate to step aside for a while.
This division in the Church has been building ever since the close of the council. For a very long time, there has been liturgical nonsense and doctrinal derangement. Unfortunately, there has been no one with the courage to tell those who have high jacked parishes and turned them into circuses, "no." Those days are beginning to change. But, if you read the Bishops letter he didn't just say no, he said, I love you, you are my children in spite of our differences, and I urge you to come back home. To forgive and to move forward in Jesus Christ. If you read the WSJ article, you would think the Bishop's letter his simply a sledgehammer to heresy (though WSJ would never call it heresy). The letter makes mention of canonical penalties, however, it is certainly not the central thrust of the letter. At it's core it is a plea for love and mercy, a plea for reconciliation. An excerpt you will not find in the WSJ.
V: Here's where the touching begins...
Most successful career: Both Eastwick and Kern got off to quick success as relief pitchers, Eastwick becoming a force for the Big Red Machine in the '75 World Series, and Kern wowing Cleveland fans with his arm and quirky behavior. But each faded almost as quickly. I'm going with starter John Denny, who pitched 13 fairly consistent seasons and won the Cy Young for the National League champion Phillies in 1983.
There's a whole slew of manipulative therapies – more than you can shake a stick at – for resolving specific problems. I practice some of them, trigger point and some MET (muscular energy technique). Sometimes it works, sometimes it doesn't. It shades off into the sort of work that physical therapists and osteopaths and chiropractors do. I don't take most of their claims all that seriously either, and mostly I've regretted it, the few times I've let those people get their hands on me. I know enough now to just look their treatments up and try them on myself, if I think they might work. Occasionally they do. But that's not what my massage practice is about. If I think something will help my client, I'll teach them how to do it. It's unusual for any of these practices, done in the standard “dosage” of therapy – once per week – to be very effective. Daily, or several times a day, is more like it. Mostly, people just get better because they heal up, and the therapy has nothing to do with it.
i tried to scream for more drugs. drugs to make me sleep. to sleep through whatever awful side-effects were happening or going to happen. whatever death and horrible devils were going to gang-fuck me in every hole. whatever might make all my senses fail for an hour.
# 1 - Attic Windows
all by himself.
PUKE!
Well, today was the first day of my official DOWN year. I weighed in this morning and it was not a pretty picture at ALL. I don't even know if I want to post it on here yet...lol I did tell my trainer though.
-run a marathon
NAME: Jack Palance
-As I said, we started out with 7 one-size diapers (they will fit her to potty training): 5 bumGenius 4.0 one-size stay-dry diapers--2 hook and loop (velcrow) and 3 snaps (comes with a large one-size insert and a newborn insert); 1 Flip diaper (comes with cover and stay-dry inserts); 1 FuzziBunz one-size cloth diaper (snaps)
The alternative route is either Guardbridge or Cupar. Normally Guardbridge would be fine but for the past few weeks, Fife council took it upon themselves to close off Strathkinness for resurfacing works. Now I don't live in Strathkinness but I do drive through there a lot and I never had any issues with potholes down there. Speed bumps perhaps but not potholes. Why then is priority being given to that stretch of road when Dairsie Bridge has an emergency closure on it? Don't get me wrong, I don't begrudge Strathkinness getting a nice new surface but the council really needs to keep it's roads open.
My sister and her husband and another sister of mine wanted to take my girls to Disneyland or DisneySea this summer. Since I have not been to Tokyo DisneySea and our girls love Ariel in Little Mermaid, I thought it would be fun to go to Tokyo DisneySea. It was a hot summer day in Tokyo, so being close to the water with the ocean breeze sounded nice, too.
Personally, I was happy to outline the brief and inspirations/influences and let Elizabeth and her talented young recruits run with it, and wait to see what happened. But bless their hearts, I was consulted at every step along the way.
Cabin in the Woods is what nerds like to call a ‘Meta-Narrative’ on a specific type of genre, namely horror/slasher films. The characters are stock (deliberately), the set up is predictable (deliberately) and the actual initial ‘Horror’ element is paint by numbers (deliberately), to stop this disappearing up its own arse this is pointed out by the fact -
Best served with some crusty french bread to soak up the delicious sauce.
Thank you for participating in the poll.
But into this lively, innocent Book Fest has crept a darker force. It may have a name, but it rarely has a face. The Internet Troll who puts up a Spam Review on one of the ‘open’ readers’ sites. The profile is usually private - contact details through hotmail or google - emails are rarely replied to.
Today's FREEBIE is a printable treat topper from LORI C. using Connie's SWEET TOOTH collab with me! We had a super time putting this collection together and I love Lori's creative use of the result in hybrid form. You can find SWEET TOOTH at any of the following store links:
There's so many things that I fell in love with in this book, and a few things that I didn't like, which is like most books.
“But … ” Nathaniel hummed.
writing my way out of our house.
There were no berries left or milk either, all the bowls were used, so I ate my cereal dry from the box on the couch in front of the TV. Then I fell asleep.
Oct 05 2008 San Francisco, CA@ Bottom of the Hill
The painted years of neglect.
I've played with several apps, but really they're mostly nothing more than the maps you see online at the carriers site. But now there's an app called Coverage? (currently on sale for $.99). It uses a unique overlay type of mapping system, and shows AT&T, Verizon, Sprint and T-Mobile. Not only does it show carriers, but it also splits the maps into 2G, 3G, 4G and roaming. I like that you can look at more than one carrier at the same time (we have both Verizon and AT&T).
Later, as I polished off a lunch that, luckily, was NOT my final meal, I came to realize that in being blinded by the opportunity to make my very own roller coaster, I ignored the glaringly obvious fact that a glorious three feet off the ground wouldn’t do much for addressing Ryan’s dislike of heights. In fact, given we saw our five foot two inch, one hundred pound mother Hulk out in under five seconds, I’m pretty sure I scared him off roller coasters for life.
I promise!
Ali was fighting for hope and liberty.
The Turks, however, went the Germans one better when it came to genocide. The Germans at least had the courage to admit what had happened and to take responsibility for it. To this day, the Turkish government denies that any of this happened, and there has been no real punishment or reparations for the crimes against the Armenian people.
However, the more we contemplate our experience the more obvious it becomes, gradually in most cases, that awareness is, in fact, the stable, ever-present and substantial aspect of experience. As this becomes more and more our lived experience, so the corresponding reality of the mind, body, and world, as independent objects in their own right, begins to diminish.
As the Spring market truly begins to hit the Oklahoma City Metro, staging becomes an important factor in the sale of your home. Staging your home for sale can make a dramatic difference, especially if a flooded market is drowning out your home. First impressions form long lasting opinions & feelings toward a home so you, as a seller, want to make your home as appealing as possible to the largest pool of potential buyers!
For anyone who finds details of other people’s ill-health tedious in the extreme, I sympathise! Feel free to skip this post and any subsequent ones on the same topic. Friends and family had probably better look away now, too, as this is all embarrassingly self-revelatory. However, for the sake of anyone else who has suffered a concussive brain injury, and for the sake of the doctors who first treat them, I believe that it is important that as much shared experience as possible be made public on the Net. Perhaps, this way, other sufferers and their carers will be better informed than I was.
“…that feels great and all, but your baby’s over there…”
If we can see early on that an unsympathetic character is, at the core, a good person, we’re more likely to tolerate his/her bad behavior. We may even start rooting for him/her. Salander does a lot of illegal things, but she has a sense of justice that we can sympathize with. She punishes evil and cruel men. We may not agree with her methods, but we instinctively know that she wouldn’t harm an innocent.
But I think the best way to show love is by taking care of yourself. I’m serious.
L3 Farmers improves livelihoods in Kenya
In July 1989 my American cousin Charlotte (Char) flew me out to San Francisco and for the next eight weeks or so I travelled around California and southern Oregon. Char had recently retired as an English teacher at Montgomery High School in Santa Rosa.
“Be wiser than other people, if you can, but do not tell them so.”
Oh – I did lots of work too!
It was given into my care. I can't wait to use it.
I can make an opening in my wall of protection and let someone get to know me. I will be safe.
Tank 7 is available on tap in any KC area bar that gives a hooey about beer. It's also available in the big bombers which you can serve to your guests or hosts like wine. Or, Tank 7 is available in 12oz. bottle 4 packs so you can pop one open while the kids are hunting for their Easter eggs. So share KC with your people, they'll thank you for it.
“Beauty is as beauty does. We’re remembered not by what we looked like but how we behaved and changed the lives of others.
attention right now.
The answer could be partly answered by the material these artists produce. McCartney, Dylan and Jagger record and write rock and roll. The “writing” part is key. Streisand, meanwhile, rarely writes (though she nabbed an Oscar for penning “Evergreen”), and at least initially her claim to fame was a repertoire of supper club pop, standards and showtunes: old people’s music. So even though, she was in her 20s she was singing stuff that her mother was feeding her.
“Religion” is itself a Western concept, shaped by the encounter between the Enlightenment and Christianity in the West, and so imposing it on India (or other countries outside Western Europe and its cultural offshoots) is bound to produce a distorted impression. “Hinduism” is a Western perception of Indian religion, viewing it through the spectacles of Western modernity. Western authors (and Indian authors writing for Western readers) find it difficult to avoid this trap. Dalrymple manages to avoid it by his biographical approach, letting his subjects tell their own stories.
Peak Stats
At the cafeteria on the third floor I ladled a cupful of three-bean medley. In the split second while I was deciding whether or not to top my soup with bread chips, an older white woman walked up on my right. Her lipstick was badly applied and her glasses broken. The knit cap she wore was pulled low on her forehead and her bulky trench coat tied with a mis-matched belt. She pushed her hand wrist deep into the free bread chips and ate a mouthful right there, and another, and then she filled a coat pocket and wandered off.
Trent put his hands behind his head and looked up at the ceiling. “I think I'll be around for a few weeks or so, I don't know how long it will take”. Geoff's face dropped. “But”, Trent continued, looking at Geoff, “You can still come with me if you want. This would still be partly your ship you know”.
Me, Ki, and the Cat. It's a small family these days with 3 of our members away on a trip.
Then each of us was escorted to a table under an umbrella to sign -- No, not our books -- but baseballs. Nine signatures on each baseball. The RH Team! Did I mention I was freezing? Never again will I go to LA without a leather jacket and boots.
For guys who plan to get married some day, here are some things to remember when thinking about popping the question;
The above case highlights the terrifying attitudes of the third world immigrant, these children did not even think they had committed a crime and incredibly threatened prison staff with rape! These people have no place in our society, they have no place in our country yet successive Governments tell us that they are peace-loving victims that we must welcome!
2. Add the following points to the sales deed after your existing property has been sold:
The French foreign ministry called on Cuba to take a democratic path and free political prisoners.
* A retelling of the fairy tale Twelve Dancing Princesses*
40% of the people in the world do not remember their dreams, but thankfully, I am one of the 60%.
It moved kind of slow which is normal for pilots. It was a little jarring to see Lee playing a cop because I watched My Name is Earl for four years and even though Earl was a good guy, he was never considered an upstanding citizen. I liked the setting because it’s different and there was some great music played. It did pretty well in the ratings though I question their decision to pair it with Hawthorne which is pretty light-hearted. I’ll be keeping an eye on this one.
They are very hygienic, Honeypot does not double dip their spatulas and they use disposable spatulas, gloves and cotton bedspread.
4. If you think you can or you think you can’t go on…you are right.
and character, but it is what we currently have online and what the public see.
Lenny Kravitz Let love rule US
Many legal experts believe a subsequent rise in Winnipeg street gang crime over the past two years -- including drive-by shootings and murders -- was triggered by the fall of the Hells Angels and an ongoing battle to fill the void and make lucrative profits from the sale of drugs.
Son: And is Jupiter cold, too?
ZMJCS Blog (zmjcsblog.wordpress.com) is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC and Amazon EU Associates Programmes designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com, amazon.ca, amazon.co.uk, amazon.de, amazon.fr, amazon.it and amazon.es. Certain content that appears on this website comes from Amazon Services LLC and/or Amazon EU. This content is provided “as is” and is subject to change or removal at any time.
Newsletter? How do we sign up for your newsletter?
As you all know I am technically incompetent – is there any way of removing the stupid date/time stamp in photos? If I actually learnt Photoshop would that do the job?
their pure shadows have come together
Melancholia is split into two parts, each named for one of the sisters who act as the film's protagonists. The first part is named for Justine (Kirsten Dunst) and takes place at her wedding reception at the massive estate of her sister, Claire (Charlotte Gainsborough), and brother-in-law, John (Kiefer Sutherland). The reception is fraught with tension as Justine and her new husband, Michael (Alexander Skarsgard), have arrived late to the reception, Justine's divorced parents (John Hurt and Charlotte Rampling) are openly feuding, Justine's mother is vocal in her disapproval of the marriage and, in fact, the idea of marriage ("Enjoy it while it lasts," she tells them in her toast), and Justine's increasingly alienating behaviour not only enrages the wedding planner (Udo Kier) to the point where he can't even bring himself to look at her, but it also brings her marriage to a halt before it even really gets started. She senses something, something to do with a star that seems to burn brighter than normal, and it brings her to despair, though she cannot make the people around her understand why.
This is what I hope to do with grace in these sermons. Now, on to the four points.
She did this to me all of the time. I tried to get Mom to stop it. “Mom, Cheryl took all of the noodles out of the soup!” And my mom would always answer with an impartial response….. ”Vickie, no one likes a tattletale.” Yeah, impartial my ass. I think she would sneak into the bedroom and tell Cheryl that the soup was ready before I even knew about it. My mom knew I was picky and really should be happy I would eat something. I liked noodles. But, no, Cheryl and her sinister laugh got to the soup first.
‘My little sister died.”
And now. I promised.
Is there a bit of who you are in there too? Without going into too much detail (we don’t need to know what you had for breakfast) make sure you paint a small picture of who you are. Remind them why they are buying from a WAHM or artisan who has taken a leap of faith and is following their dreams.
It wasn’t until I was halfway through drinking my milk that I realized it probably wasn’t pasteurized. I felt fine the rest of the day though. I hadn’t gotten sick at all yet which really surprises me. I was expecting to probably be sick for the first few days after I got here. Yay for modern medicine. The milk was very sweet and almost reminded me of egg nog. Like I said, I hadn’t gotten sick at all yet but at 5 this morning I woke up and was not feeling too good. I had diarrhea and took some Pepto Bismol. I woke up again at 6 had to use the bathroom and decided to break out some Cipro that had been packed for me in a medicine kit prepared by Passport Health Services in Lawrenceville, NJ where I received my yellow fever shot. Things like Pepto Bismol and Immodium A.D. only cover up the symptoms up diarrhea but Cipro is actually an antibiotic to kill the bacteria. I woke up again at 7 to use the bathroom and again at 8:40 when Dayyibu knocked on my door to ask if he could use my surge protector outlets to charge his phone battery. I felt okay but not great. I went over to the Lokkers’ home and ate a tiny amount of breakfast. Joan gave me some Gatorade to replenish myself and I went back to bed. I slept until about 12:30 and felt great. I took another Cipro at 6 and I’ll take two more tomorrow and two more the next day as the directions say I should do. I can get Cipro here at the clinic so if I run out, I’ll be okay. Not only will it be cheaper than in the states but I don’t need a prescription. I can just walk into the clinic, request some, pay a little bit, and there we go. It’s like that for all medicine. If you know exactly what you need, you don’t need to see a doctor. Just go for it.
45Tears still are mine, and those I need not spare,
Redgrave, I think, has the same kind of a role that Gloria Swanson had in Airport 1975, as the big-name star who flaunts what she has and throws her big-name weight around while pointing guns at people, taking bubble baths, and being the worldly lady of leisure. She manages herself well, but what did you expect from a Redgrave?
Other infants may have congenital adrenal hyperplasia (CAH), a condition caused by problems in any one of five enzymes critical for the production of cortisol that causes an overproduction of dihydroxytestosterone. In the most severe cases of CAH, infants born with the XX chromosomal makeup seem to have male external genitalia but also have all the female internal organs and are lacking the hormone aldosterone, the latter presenting a severe and life-threatening condition requiring diagnosis and treatment within weeks of birth.
Red and gold
It would probably suck.
In manual underwriting there are guidelines which specific Risk Assessment criteria which must be adhered to in the underwriting process. They are:
“Thanks baby, we’re just fooling around there. I dare him to dance goofy all the time and he ends up dancing like a pro.”
Gozo Shioda, like most of the founders of the major Aikido schools, was a student of O-sensei or Morihei Ueshiba, the founder of Aikido. Most of the students of O-sensei built their own schools of Aikido based on their understandings on the teachings and basic principles of Aikido that O-sensei taught them.
At least I stopped digging.
Here's a nice white cast iron sink from Home Depot for $199...
As we arrive at the centre square I spot it. A red rosette! Its Labour! And even better its our old friend from last weekend Leighton Veale. I then spot something rather unpleasant. At first I thought a dog had fouled the pavement but then realised it was a certain Andrew Fitton of the Socialist Workers Party along with some unwashed UAF members. WOW! Sod Llanelli this will be fun!
12.What is the quality you most like in a man?
Mike Jenkins reads some of his work. Mike has written some prose but is well known for his excellent poetry, not least as Cardiff City's unofficial poet. He'll be reading some of his work and then chatting about poetry in an informal workshop.
At this time, Vincent was 27 year old
“Oh!” Trish squealed. “I think he’s dancing a jig this morning.”
Fleas the size of rats sucked on rats the size of cats
Here's what I filled our Hannibal glass jar with:
Trying to help
The halfway point of the seventieth week of Daniel will come 1260 days before the seventieth week of Daniel ends as 2520 divided by 2 is 1260. The following table illustrates whether it is possible for the Antichrist to reveal his true identity to the world on December 21, 2012.
Greetings sad Earthlings - oh, and you happy ones too. I see your fascination with me continues unabated. I've yet to make up my mind whether this is a good or a bad thing...
sa me yuktatamo mataḥ
New Belgium Brewing Inc. Eric's Ale (Lips Of Faith #3)
The experiences before me
He stared up into her eyes, happy thoughts rising to the surface. He moaned aloud, feeling her hips grinding against his. God, how he missed her.
I continue to look out over the school-like desks. It’s brighter in here. The walls are a little more friendly, the fluorescent lights aren’t quite so condescending. Lucky for them. What a great learning environment. There are a lot of peppy, go-getter bodies in the room. Noted.
The country has a history of shootings in schools. In both 2007 and 2008, student gunmen opened fire on their schools, killing several and then shooting themselves. Oddly enough, the students bought their .22-caliber handguns from the same store.
I bought this die at 40% off from Joann Fabric online, the sale is still going on now. Most of the time Joann online offer free shipping or you can google search for Joann free shipping code.
The OSI seems to have their targets on him.
Morning
Wire baskets next to fridge: Gatehouse, Orem, Utah – I’ve seen similar ones at Home Goods
Life is amazing and full of opportunity, but I understand people want their lives difficult. They want to be the centre of attention, they want to be special, they want to be someone. I don’t believe in all this. I believe we are all the same, our choices are different. I believe in creation and abundance instead of lacking and counting loss. I’m tempted to say that people often misread me, but I know that’s just my ego talking.
peace&smile
To think of me, before anyone on earth
“The episode opened with it being Christmas in Eureka and Carter planning the perfect surprise for the kids in the form of a white Christmas. However, when the Super Photon Generator overloads and interacts with Jenna’s holographic storybook everyone outside SARAH ended up animated.
it was the perfect weekend.
I made my littlest one his THIRD birthday card!! Where has the time gone?! It's not his birthday for a couple of months, but I figured that I'd just get it done now. I added the little '3' from Numbered Days in the top cluster of stars.....
20. Un amore impossibile (02:36)
Which do you want?
Finally, when asked about the Great American Beer Festival taking place in Denver this week, Jack said that yes, Del Norte Brewing would be there, “hoping a lot of people have a chance to enjoy our beer with us.”
An external wall of the national Holocaust memorial in Brussels, located at the Square des Martyrs Juifs in the Anderlecht district several miles from the tourist sites, lists the names of 244 Jewish resistance fighters who fell fighting the Nazis. Behind each name lies a story of heroism. Some of these stories are recounted elsewhere; others are already forgotten. Among the youngest of these martyrs was Helena Aschiem, who died in August 1942 just after her 14th birthday. The name of Georges Livschitz also appears on this wall. He was one of the three resistance fighters – the other two were Robert Maistriau and Jean Franklemon – who attacked a convoy transporting 1,631 Jews from Mechelen to Auschwitz on the night of 19 April 1943. They managed to free 231 of these prisoners, 205 of whom managed to escape with their lives. This was the only known armed assault on a train headed for a death camp throughout the war. These three young heroes are honoured by a monument at the train station in the village of Boortmeerbeek near to where the attack took place. Next to it on the platform stands an upright section of the original railway track that carried 24,906 Jews and 351 Roma from the Dossin barracks at Mechelen to Auschwitz.
woo hoo! Another post! This time its for You Capture. The lovely Beth, over at I Should Be Folding Laundry, supplies the theme and hosts this photo link up each Thursday. There are some amazing photos to be seen, so go check it out when you're done here!
The Mummy cut-in-two was sewn together with human hair string.
We can thank the fashion gods that we were given a First Lady with a sense of style and one who supports young designers. I'm sure we will be seeing many more designers gracing the First Lady's closet in the next 3, or perhaps 7 years.
Kismat (2004)
apple ssssstrudel for desssssert.
Well at the moment the weather here is still dry and quite warm... Its meant to rain this afternoon and we have a chance of snow! Oh the joys - Snow in April?! I hope not, don't want to end up tucked away in the house! Well I have been busy with my pens, it seems that Mojo returned and I feel a lot happier now, just a few other minor things to sort out in the next couple of days... But in the mean time I have been happily crafting as you may have seen!
The next night, he was slightly drunk when he texted me to come out to the bar with him and his friends. Again, I had nothing going on and didn’t see why I should pass up on a fun night at the bar. I got there and met a bunch of his chef friends who were all very cool. I ended up drinking a lot very quickly to catch up to him. He tricked me into kissing him, but I didn’t complain.
-Hot Glue Gun
Solea/Traditional
She brought her closer and asked her to feel the carrots. She did and noted that they were soft. She then asked her to take an egg and break it. After pulling off the shell, she observed the hard-boiled egg. Finally, she asked her to sip the coffee. The daughter smiled, as she tasted its rich aroma.
I used to be uneasy
A so deserved break!
5And there shall be no night there; and they need no candle, neither light of the sun; for the Lord God giveth them light: and they shall reign for ever and ever.
I made some jute wrapped shamrocks for this year. I got the inspiration around Valentine's Day when I saw the mini-wreath that Kelsey at Tattered and Inked made. What caught my eye was not only the wreath but the super mini jute heart that she embellished it with.
Here the gods of Asgard are almost explicitly characterised as aliens with such sophisticated resources that the difference between magic and science is not worth arguing for them. Aging king Odin (Anthony Hopkins) is about to hand over his power to his eldest son Thor (Chris Hemsworth) when an old conflict rears its head again. Odin’s long-ago war against the Frost Giants of another world within Odin’s domain has resulted in still-bubbling enmity, with a raiding party of the blue-skinned enemies trying to snatch back a totemic power source Odin confiscated from them; and that was not the only keepsake of the war he kept hold of. Thor, eager for a bit of thud and blunder, adopts an aggressive policy and attacks the Frost Giants’ world of Jodenheim. He confronts their king Laufey (Colm Fiore) but almost gets himself and his fraternal warrior-lords Volstagg (Ray Stevenson), Hogun (Tadanobu Asano), Fandral (Josh Dallas), and Sif (Jaimie Alexander) killed in being massively outnumbered by blue hulks and pet beasties. Odin has to extract them hurriedly, and, furious at Thor, believing him a foolish warmonger, exiles him to Earth and disables his ability to use his walloping warhammer Mjolnir. Thor crash lands on Earth and is immediately almost run over by research scientist Jane Foster (Natalie Portman) and her paternal partner in geekery Erik Selvig (Stellan Skarsgård). Thor stumbles humorously through this world, in which he’s still strong and able and yet completely clueless and far from omnipotent. Jane and Erik, who were on the trail of a mysterious rupture of Einsteinian physics, actually the manifestation of the Asgard transportation wormhole, the Bifrost or “rainbow bridge”, when she ran into Thor, slowly begin to comprehend his otherworldly origins, as SHIELD turns up and confiscates their research material.
I do not like to hear bragging.
Jax looks so different with his hair short. Is he going to grow it out again?
Hen weekends; the clothing possibilities are endless. But with choice comes chance as I discovered at a friend’s pre-nuptials last weekend. My plan was to pack a failsafe trolley dolly of interchangeable basics – a tactic I believed would help me circumvent any fashion flubs. I succeeded in part. My silk Acne top and below-the-knee pencil skirt were a fitting combination and those suede-soled pony skin kitten heels purred sensible for a night on the tiles.
ANYWAY. You put all that stuff in a food processor and blend it up and it tastes like magic. The other thing to do while the beet cooks is make tempura batter.
Here’s how you can lead with love:
It also needed a great deal of organisation to switch from one colour to the next placing the shuttle and ball out of the way......and a great deal of concentration at first to make sure that the chains lay on top of each other in the correct order. I got this wrong in the very first chain but think it's a great feature to make a specific top to the egg motif!!
Score: Innkeeper 1, handbag shops nil!
Glamorous Gold Watches For Summer
If you are an op shopper (or thrifter) like me – do you have occasional brain snap while out shopping?
It started with the girls climbing into bed with me in the morning to give me my presents. As their dad was away they did all the shopping, choosing, and wrapping themselves and I must say they did pretty well too! I got some really fun stuff for my iPhone & iPad, as well as an M&M gumball dispenser, chocolates and a voucher for a manicure.
What is poetry? If you are involved in the business of poetry you will be asked time and again to define it. Lately, the best effort at defining poetry I have seen is in The Enthusiast Field Guide to Poetry: "an arrangement of words containing possibilities." That definition is loose enough to permit that each of us has a bearing in the perception of poetry’s capacities, but tight enough to allow that poetry is qualities of language in a special amalgam that separates it from its cousin, prose.
* A credit rating reflects the risk of default. A downgrade will raise the cost of borrowing for the United States government‚ could have a spillover effect on corporate debt and investors will buy fewer U.S. Treasuries.
Now, when I heard about spicy Chinese ribs, I thought of those gigantic ribs from Three Guizhou Men in Beijing. So I was surprised to find these much smaller...in a good way. They were also covered in cumin and fennel, which made it basically taste like yang rou chuanr. Most of the other dishes like the spicy cold noodles were fine, but this place was also surprisingly touristy too, most likely the result of being listed in some travel book.
Likewise, putting two blank areas next to each other is pretty meaningless. Neither space has more emphasis or weight and there's no statement being made. A page from a coloring book is a good example of why this looks pretty uninteresting.
I was satisfied that if we could tap into the environmental concerns of the general public and infuse the student anti-war energy into the environmental cause, we could generate a demonstration that would force this issue onto the political agenda. It was a big gamble, but worth a try.
I really cannot recommend this novel enough. It’s a wonderful breath of fresh air not only for the fantasy genre, but for the YA genre as well. It’s a story that is very much relevant to the world we live in today, and one that many children and adults will get something out of, but more important than anything is, it’s fun. It’s perhaps the most fun I’ve had all year whilst reading a book! It’s random, yes, but I still can’t help but be left in awe of Miéville’s imagination, and how he has managed to make so many random objects and characters come together to create something that fits together perfectly.
This system makes ties for places more likely, especially over a small number of games. The tie-break system suffers from the same problems as the Minnesota system, in that it does not reward players who kill enemy generals or capture strongholds as highly as those who destroy enemy armies. On the plus side it is easy for players to record their scores.
I = E / R = 18 V / 3R = 6 Ampere.
How are the actions in your life about restoring people to their original identity: children of God?
Today’s blog comes to you from a train, as many of my blogs do. The train in question is the 13.41 service from Glasgow Queen Street to Aberdeen, my ultimate destination being the early stop of Perth. The sun’s shining, I’m listening to the debut album of folksy artist Jason Myles Goss and I’m doing my best to keep a pretty heavy stomach bug at bay.
Finally, I ordered a stamp that was just plain cute. I have not decided how I would use it other than at the bottom of letters to parents and things like that but I could not help but order this stamp because it was so cute.
especially melancholic last few days, maybe bc of norwegian wood
I sat out on the deck and grilled up a beautiful steak for dinner and it pretty much sucked big time. I had bought us this grass fed steak (it was $5.57 and I was so psyched to feed him such good quality meat as a treat) and we were so looking forward to eating it.
Alan Rawsthorne (1905-1971)
Hope you all had a wonderful Spring Break!
A few months ago, a dear friend came to me with news of a possibility to adopt. Of course, my heart grew really big with just the idea of another sweet baby; and a boy! We adore little boys around here! We felt as if the heavens had parted and handed us this little miracle-to-be. Birthmom's due date isApril 13th, but has delivered all her other babies 2 weeks early, so more likely March 30th. We have kept in contact with her, and she has been solid about placing this baby. Until yesterday.
1- 2x Telephoto Zoom Lens w/Pouch and Caps
I confess that I arrived at the conference last week with a healthy dose of skepticism. Though billed as a treatment of “Legal Heterodoxy in Islamic and Jewish History,” I worried that the conference’s subtitle and chronological frame, “Late Antique and Medieval Transformations,” lightly masked a correlation of Islamic:Medieval and Jewish:Late Antique. As I reviewed the schedule in advance, I noticed that the symposium poster announced scholars of classical rabbinics in conversation with scholars of medieval Islam. How, I wondered, would this create a valid historical conversation? And if history is not the goal, why study late antique Judaism alongside medieval Islam? Would the goals be ecumenical? Philosophical? The theoretical study of law?
04 Super-connected
This must be why I hated Tess of the D'Urbevilles, which I had to read in high school. For balance, we also read Anne Tyler's Dinner at the Homesick Restaurant and The Accidental Tourist, and of course, what English Lit list would be complete without Pride and Prejudice. All of these books had strong characters, characters who pulled themselves up and took on their world. Muriel Pritchett from Tourist is kooky on a stick, and she shows Macon how to LIVE!
I was in grade two when it was announced that my school JASMS was going to be converted to a mall. The school was moving to Batasan and that was far from where we lived. The move was going to be implemented the next year, so I could have stayed for one more year, but my mom decided to transfer me right away.
I went home to get my gun.
The film might have been more interesting if it was about Joseph Stalin’s mother or Adolf Hitler’s mother, or even the mother of that Norwegian nutcase Breivik – but it’s not. It wants to talk about a psychopathic spree killer in the context of a middle class family rolling in money. In fact it misses out on the resolute anger of these types of killers. They’re not dispassionate psychos, they’re probably the most impassioned psychos.
Ranger Falls was flowing nicely and it was nice to feel the spray on such a warm day. We ate our lunch at the falls and then made it back from the spur trail to the BCG so that we could continue to the top. Once there, and after a very nice extended rest we trudged back towards Stone Door along the Big Creek Rim trail which affords beautiful views of the valley below (which is where we were).
Where do I even begin?
Pakistan plans to grant the Most Favoured Nation (MFN) status to India, while New Delhi has announced opening up of its market for foreign direct investment (FDI) by Pakistani companies. The two countries have opened a new jointly-operated trade gate at Wahgah border, and large, official trade delegations have visited each other’s countries. Both countries have agreed to liberalise and give multiple entry business visas to each other’s citizens and are discussing the opening of cross-border branches of Indian and Pakistani banks.
The other thing I am happy to report is that I am goign to try and get a video going on one of my projects. Not sure how that is going to go, i'm sure I will (and you will) find out how unorganized and scatterbrained I really am! ha ha ha...oh well...we'll see. I'm going to try it out. My husband is more into the technical side of thing and he really badly wants me to do it, so I'm sure I'll be doing it when he can help me out/forces me to do it! ha ha ha...anyways, Hopefully I'll get some time tonight to do another project! have a great day! Thanks for looking!
Same is the case for the American society where cousin marriages are frowned upon baring President Roosevelt who married his distant cousin (one doubts however that there has been some other, with cousin marriage who may have become president of United Sates of America). Though, the phenomenon of cousin marriages was usually among the royals of Europe, who use to use it to keep the bloodline “PURE”.
And those that don't have a lot harder time getting through their day
The TP Bandit
I'm anxiously awaiting the delivery of Tim Holtz markers. :)
*Using the blender to measure out the needed water and straining the milk into a glass measuring cup means two less thing to wash. If you have a nut milk bag or fine mesh bag, make sure to rinse it out well after getting all the nut meal out.
I know your fears and you know mine.
However, inside the box was this little bit of buzz-killing reading. Really? A nutritional brochure for See's candy? Because that's what people stuffing their face with the vanilla cremes want to know?
Wow! That is a very big claim! Now, Marche does go to some lengths to show Shakespeare’s influence. But by the end of the book you are no where close to being able to say, “Shakespeare was the most influential person who ever lived.” You are very comfortable saying, “Shakespeare has been very influential, moreso than I thought.” But that’s a very different thing. There is no lateral reasoning. Marche never once examines other influential characters of history, or even Western Civilization, comparing them to Shakespeare to see how their influence measures up. It boils down to saying, “Twilight sure is popular. It must be the most popular series of books, ever.” Marche’s philosophy of history is weirdly historicist: Since a great deal of culture today contains traces of Shakespearean influence, Shakespeare is the overarching influence on modern culture, freeing him from the bonds of the 17th century. And since he came later than those who made his existence and career possible, he is greater than them. So forget Jesus Christ who founded the Church that developed Western Civilization, leading to Shakespeare’s England, and certainly forget looming figures like Constantine, Theodosius, Ambrose, Aquinas, Catherine, Hus, Luther, Calvin, Zwingli. Forget everything. Shakespeare was the most influential person who ever lived.
I wanted an indoor/outdoor rug because this area in our home has a ton of traffic, the rug must be durable. It rains a lot here where we live, and our shoes are usually sopping wet when we enter the house. But I didn't want a typical outdoor rug that had no personality. It had to be something different and geometric yet neutral. Something not stark white so dirt wouldn't show easily. In other words, I am not at all picky.
Give me a tin roof
* In addition to being “an order short” and a “smartass”, I further acknowledge to having been courts-marshalled as a Marine (though vindicated and found “not guilty”, as well as receiving an “honorable with good conduct”, albeit with a 23-day-total military career). Military strategery may, thus, not be my forte.
"Flamenco is an emotionally charged and expressive Gypsy soul music where each hand-clap is a scream from the heart and every heel-smack an act of defiance."
They told the Native Commissioner that Chigodora was now their chief. The Native Commissioner asked, “Should not the chieftainship of Chief Chinamora be given by mhondoro?” They said, “No, we give chieftainship of Chinamora by our own agreement and custom. We have no mhondoro.” The Native Commissioner thanked them and said, “I shall tell the Government that Chigodora has been chosen to be Chief Chinamora’ Chidziva and Nyava stood up and said to the Native Commissioner, “Chigodora is living in the country of Domboshava and Domboshava is not Chishawasha but it is the country of Buru. His mutupo was Shumba and his chidawo was Karimugukwa. He was a sub-chief of Mutoko. The other area was of Mutyawasara, his mutupo was Chipfuwamiti. a place where all the wizards were sent to be cured by Mutyawasara the owner of the place. We beg the Government that Chinamora must live in Chashawasha and the Government must tell all the farmers to leave their farms in Chishawasha so that Chinamora and ourselves may live in this country where the graves of our fathers are.” The Native Commissioner answered, “All the country of Chishawasha has been bought by the European farmers. Now Chinamora has no place in Chishawasha he must live in Domboshava.” All the people returned to their homes quietly. Chinamora agreed to live at Domboshava where Chinamora Reserve is today.
“Ah needles... Well I'm certain I do if you have a teeeny bit of gear for me, Oh yes!”
I learned a few interesting things from the article. Cutting is an accepted part of the “Goth” culture (but is not only done in that group), and is more common in girls than boys. Wendy Lader, PhD, also states that “Very often, kids who self-harm have an eating disorder. They may have a history of sexual, physical, or verbal abuse….Many are sensitive, perfectionists, overachievers. The self-injury begins as a defense against what’s going on in their family, in their lives. They have failed in one area of their lives, so this is a way to get control.” This could hit any family, however, says Lader, who points out that “many kids who self-injure are simply ‘regular kids’ going through the adolescent struggle for self-identity” Lader adds, “They’re experimenting.”
Benjamin Robertson, Wheaton College. Marshall McLuhan: A Grammarian for Our Age
Jan. 7 (Bloomberg) -- South Africa’s national schools pass rate dropped for a sixth consecutive year, condemning millions to a life of unemployment and fueling crime, even as the government ramped up spending on education.
Yet I attended a funeral for a young girl from work who was hit by a bus on her way home. She was the sweetest kid that you could meet and lived for her family, her husband and her religion.
1˜Reading Skills and Vocabulary Acquisition
How could you walk away
Craziness.
7) Basketballs thud well past dark. Leftover fireworks punctuate twilight. The gun range is getting busier.
Mailboxes are full. Warning sirens are sounding. People are bitterly complaining. Google+ is empty and says I don’t have any friends. Twitter flitted elsewhere. WordPress is sending out a search party and Ancestry will soon think I am dead. Still the torrent of words continues.
Recognizing our sin and turning to the cross restores our God-given purpose of worshiping him. It happens the first time we come to God in faith, but we need it again and again as we move through our world and fall prey to the idols it presents.
two capri-sun straw wrappers
B-bold (list the bold words you see)
Australia’s soaring currency, natural disasters and cautious consumer demand have held back growth in the last year. Despite the biggest mining investment boom in more than a century, the economy grew by just 2.3% in calendar 2011, well below its average pace.
The statement "My God is" is found exactly one time in the King James. And it tells us that God is the Rock of Refuge. Refuge here means a place of shelter OR Hope.
I like lists. In fact, I love them. Sure, you can’t compare the artistry of Taylor Swift to that of Guns N’ Roses in financial terms - it has to be in “artistic terms.” We have to narrow the field a bit. We can make categories of lists and compile them. Taylor Swift is a better Pop singer so we can compile a top ten list of 2010 Pop Music and we can compile a list of the 2010 Metal and Gun N’ Roses would be on that one. We could choose ten categories say, Pop, Blues, Punk, Alternative, Metal, Classic Rock, Country, Jazz, Soundtrack and World Music. You could then compile the number 1’s of each list and there you have a fair ultimate 2010 music top ten list.
And the bottom looks like a Lo Lo Ball. Remember them?
I certainly haven't been shopping for any new shoes
And now for the other stuff. I rely on email notifications to keep me returning to blogs I've commented on, but I've noticed that on the pop-up comments box that a lot of blogs use, the option to be emailed has disappeared. I just wanted to say, officially - because this has been bothering me for a few days - that I'm not ignoring you. I'd love to know if you replied to my comment, I just haven't figured out a way to remember which blogs I commented on!
Kathryn Hahn’s few scenes are possibly her most erotic & funny scenes ever. Her comedic lust was inspiring. “I want to roll you up in a little ball and keep you in my vagina.” Haha.
RIBBON: PINK VELVET RIBBON
So now we get to spend more time out at this beautiful farm. I'm beyond grateful!!! All of my kids love it and it affords them a little piece of what I had growing up. Lots and lots of gorgeous, open land. It feels like home!
The real toxins are the lies the media prints and broadcasts without researching the claims of environmental organizations that thrive on the income such scare campaigns generate and whose fundamental agenda is the reduction of the world’s population “to save the Earth.”
1/4 cup cornstarch
Perhaps there is hope? Perhaps.
When working on the character of Faith, I knew that I wanted her to be similar to Rayner in background and personality, like two pieces of a puzzle coming together. So, I made her a Native American, a girl of twenty-five who gives her parents a lot of grief and is in the big city living the life of a young woman who loves to try new things. She doesn't know it, but she also plays a huge part in a Native American Legend.
In my line of business (I'm a PR) image is important and its not like going to a traditional office where you can wear smart suits and a good trip to Next can sort you out. The girls in my office are into cutting edge fashion, they are out most nights partying and a far cry from my world of screaming toddlers, sleep deprivation and the juggling act of trying your very hardest to hold down a full time job, act the role as a yummy mummy (I hate that term btw!) and remaining calm and collected and in control.
Good man. Ta for that.
Muslims believe that submitting to the will of the Creator – doing what He wants – is the way to achieve success both in this life and an eternal life to come after death. To use an analogy: if you think of any machine – an appliance, for example – you’ll know that it has a maker; a manufacturer. The manufacturer designed it, built it, and knows best how the appliance should be used and how it should not be used. It knows the maintenance instructions for the appliance, what will make the appliance function to optimal performance levels, and what will damage or destroy the appliance. If you need to know anything about that appliance, the best person or entity to ask is the manufacturer.
In the end, I thank God for giving me the chance to grow up and for the gift of denial that nope, I did not own, much more became acquainted and associated with such a blog of love.
...and bumble bees.
Lawmakers knew none of this.
Buff: Uh ... I'm sure they have, but ... Oh my, you're not wearing any underwear!
Have you ever had a meal that changed your freaking life? That's how I feel today. I got some sleep, aced my exam, and just finished eating the best burger I've ever had. This wonderfully awesome gem comes from the burger episode of Best Thing I Ever Ate. Technically, this should be the adorably Southern Claire Robinson's edition, but it's all about Bobby.
I looked down but, all I saw was my coffee cup. I looked at him and said, “It’s a coffee cup.”
The players come in at half-time disappointed not to be winning. However, such is the level of confidence at present, the game as a meaningful contest is effectively over once White Horse open the scoring from a header in the second-half. One goal soon becomes two, as White Horse begin to enjoy themselves, rattling the crossbar in the process. I decide to play my hand with a double substitution. These plans are slightly jeopardised when right-back, Sam Hewitt signals that he had a knock. I revert to a 3-5-2 formation, but in doing so I hesitate with exactly how I am going to reshuffle the midfield. White Horse's left-back seems to take pleasure in this. “Do you know what you're doing?” He asks. I didn't give him the satisfaction of a reply. One or two other players join in, as I quickly became the butt of their jokes. I had endured a brief glimpse into the daily life of Arsene Wenger, and I didn't care for it.
My mother always did quite the juggling act. When I was two years old, my parents built and opened their very own furniture store. It was open seven days a week, except for Sundays in the summer. (Dad wanted the freedom to work outside on his garden at least one full day.) At the same time, she was the organist of our church. That entailed two services every Sunday, choir practice every Wednesday night, weddings and funerals, and any other special services. When I hit kindergarten, my parents decided to keep me in Montessori school. I was already reading and to go to public kindergarten, I would be learning my alphabet again. My sister was also old enough at that point to join the toddler program. So, Mom started to help with bookeeping and billing at the school, to offset the two tuitions.
One woman (of actual childbearing age) in the audience raised her hand to ask about the guilt of taking time for herself while her young kids are at home. Fortunately, that's one thing I've never had an issue with. Without grown-up time, I would simply die.
I have four sisters.
“Bullshit. Oh, wait. Don’t the English say ‘horseshit’?” I mock the accent as best as I can. “We act out who we are inside. Maybe that means I was always going to be a crook.”
I never thought I would be such an overprotective parent, but here I am. Molly recently started going to a "girls' club" at a friend's house and they cook dinner together every week. She came home the other night excited to report that she made spaghetti all by herself. I understand there was chopping and heat involved. I sometimes let Molly help me in the kitchen, but I never let her near the stove, and the one time I let her use a sharp knife she seemed a little nervous, so I quickly snatched it away to "help" her.
WHO are the men who, without our realizing it, give us our ideas, tell us whom to admire and whom to despise, what to believe about the ownership of public utilities, about the tariff, about the price of rubber, about the Dawes Plan, about immigration; who tell us how our houses should be designed, what furniture we should put into them, what menus we should serve on our table, what kind of shirts we must wear, what sports we should indulge in, what plays we should see, what charities we should support, what pictures we should admire, what slang we should affect, what jokes we should laugh at? If we set out to make a list of the men and women who, because of their position in public life, might fairly be called the molders of public opinion, we could quickly arrive at an extended list of persons mentioned in "Who's Who." It would obviously include, the President of the United States and the members of his Cabinet; the Senators and Representatives in Congress; the Governors of our fortyeight states; the presidents of the chambers of commerce in our hundred largest cities, the chairmen of the boards of directors of our hundred or more largest industrial corporations, the president of many of the labor unions affiliated in the American Federation of Labor, the national president of each of the national professional and fraternal organizations, the president of each of the racial or language societies in the country, the hundred leading newspaper and magazine editors, the fifty most popular authors, the presidents of the fifty leading charitable organizations, the twenty leading theatrical or cinema producers, the hundred recognized leaders of fashion, the most popular and influential clergymen in the hundred leading cities, the presidents of our colleges and universities and the foremost members of their faculties, the most powerful financiers in Wall Street, the most noted amateurs of sport, and so on. Such a list would comprise several thousand persons. But it is well known that many of these leaders are themselves led, sometimes by persons whose names are known to few. Many a congressman, in framing his platform, follows the suggestions of a district boss whom few persons outside the political machine have ever heard of. Eloquent divines may have great influence in their communities, but often take their doctrines from a higher ecclesiastical authority. The presidents of chambers of commerce mold the thought of local business men concerning public issues, but the opinions which they promulgate are usually derived from some national authority. A presidential candidate may be "drafted" in response to "overwhelming popular demand," but it is well known that his name may be decided upon by half a dozen men sitting around a table in a hotel room. In some instances the power of invisible wirepullers is flagrant. The power of the invisible cabinet which deliberated at the poker table in a certain little green house in Washington has become a national legend. There was a period in which the major policies of the national government were dictated by a single man, Mark Hanna. A Simmons may, for a few years, succeed in marshaling millions of men on a platform of intolerance and violence. Such persons typify in the public mind the type of ruler associated with the phrase invisible government. But we do not often stop to think that there are dictators in other fields whose influence is just as decisive as that of the politicians I have mentioned. An Irene Castle can establish the fashion of short hair which dominates nine-tenths of the women who make any pretense to being fashionable. Paris fashion leaders set the mode of the short skirt, for wearing which, twenty years ago, any woman would simply have been arrested and thrown into jail by the New York police, and the entire women's clothing industry, capitalized at hundreds of millions of dollars, must be reorganized to conform to their dictum. There are invisible rulers who control the destinies of millions. It is not generally realized to what extent the words and actions of our most influential public men are dictated by shrewd persons operating behind the scenes. Nor, what is still more important, the extent to which our thoughts and habits are modified by authorities. In some departments of our daily life, in which we imagine ourselves free agents, we are ruled by dictators exercising great power. A man buying a suit of clothes imagines that he is choosing, according to his taste and his personality, the kind of garment which he prefers. In reality, he may be obeying the orders of an anonymous gentleman tailor in London. This personage is the silent partner in a modest tailoring establishment, which is patronized by gentlemen of fashion and princes of the blood. He suggests to British noblemen and others a blue cloth instead of gray, two buttons instead of three, or sleeves a quarter of an inch narrower than last season. The distinguished customer approves of the idea. But how does this fact affect John Smith of Topeka? The gentleman tailor is under contract with a certain large American firm, which manufactures men's suits, to send them instantly the designs of the suits chosen by the leaders of London fashion. Upon receiving the designs, with specifications as to color, weight and texture, the firm immediately places an order with the cloth makers for several hundred thousand dollars' worth of cloth. The suits made up according to the specifications are then advertised as the latest fashion. The fashionable men in New York, Chicago, Boston and Philadelphia wear them. And the Topeka man, recognizing this leadership, does the same. Women are just as subject to the commands of invisible government as are men. A silk manufacturer, seeking a new market for its product, suggested to a large manufacturer of shoes that women's shoes should be covered with silk to match their dresses. The idea was adopted and systematically propagandized. A popular actress was persuaded to wear the shoes. The fashion spread. The shoe firm was ready with the supply to meet the created demand. And the silk company was ready with the silk for more shoes. The man who injected this idea into the shoe industry was ruling women in one department of their social lives. Different men rule us in the various departments of our lives. There may be one power behind the throne in politics, another in the manipulation of the Federal discount rate, and still another in the dictation of next season's dances. If there were a national invisible cabinet ruling our destinies (a thing which is not impossible to conceive of) it would work through certain group leaders on Tuesday for one purpose, and through an entirely different set on Wednesday for another. The idea of invisible government is relative. There may be a handful of men who control the educational methods of the great majority of our schools. Yet from another standpoint, every parent is a group leader with authority over his or her children. The invisible government tends to be concentrated in the hands of the few because of the expense of manipulating the social machinery which controls the opinions and habits of the masses. To advertise on a scale which will reach fifty million persons is expensive. To reach and persuade the group leaders who dictate the public's thoughts and actions is likewise expensive. For this reason there is an increasing tendency to concentrate the functions of propaganda in the hands of the propaganda specialist. This specialist is more and more assuming a distinct place and function in our national life. New activities call for new nomenclature. The propagandist who specializes in interpreting enterprises and ideas to the public, and in interpreting the public to promulgators of new enterprises and ideas, has come to be known by the name of "public relations counsel." The new profession of public relations has grown up because of the increasing complexity of modern life and the consequent necessity for making the actions of one part of the public understandable to other sectors of the public. It is due, too, to the increasing dependence of organized power of all sorts upon public opinion. Governments, whether they are monarchical, constitutional, democratic or communist, depend upon acquiescent public opinion for the success of their efforts and, in fact, government is only government by virtue of public acquiescence. Industries, public utilities, educational movements, indeed all groups representing any concept or product, whether they are majority or minority ideas, succeed only because of approving public opinion. Public opinion is the unacknowledged partner in all broad efforts. The public relations counsel, then, is the agent who, working with modern media of communication and the group formations of society, brings an idea to the consciousness of the public. But he is a great deal more than that. He is concerned with courses of action, doctrines, systems and opinions, and the securing of public support for them. He is also concerned with tangible things such as manufactured and raw products. He is concerned with public utilities, with large trade groups and associations representing entire industries. He functions primarily as an adviser to his client, very much as a lawyer does. A lawyer concentrates on the legal aspects of his client's business. A counsel on public relations concentrates on the public contacts of his client's business. Every phase of his client's ideas, products or activities which may affect the public or in which the public may have an interest is part of his function. For instance, in the specific problems of the manufacturer he examines the product, the markets, the way in which the public reacts to the product, the attitude of the employees to the public and towards the product, and the cooperation of the distribution agencies. The counsel on public relations, after he has examined all these and other factors, endeavors to shape the actions of his client so that they will gain the interest, the approval and the acceptance of the public. The means by which the public is apprised of the actions of his client are as varied as the means of communication themselves, such as conversation, letters, the stage, the motion picture, the radio, the lecture platform, the magazine, the daily newspaper. The counsel on public relations is not an advertising man but he advocates advertising where that is indicated. Very often he is called in by an advertising agency to supplement its work on behalf of a client. His work and that of the advertising agency do not conflict with or duplicate each other. His first efforts are, naturally, devoted to analyzing his client's problems and making sure that what he has to offer the public is something which the public accepts or can be brought to accept. It is futile to attempt to sell an idea or to prepare the ground for a product that is basically unsound. For example, an orphan asylum is worried by a falling off in contributions and a puzzling attitude of indifference or hostility on the part of the public. The counsel on public relations may discover upon analysis that the public, alive to modern sociological trends, subconsciously criticizes the institution because it is not organized on the new "cottage plan." He will advise modification of the client in this respect. Or a railroad may be urged to put on a fast train for the sake of the prestige which it will lend to the road's name, and hence to its stocks and bonds. If the corset makers, for instance, wished to bring their product into fashion again, he would unquestionably advise that the plan was impossible, since women have definitely emancipated themselves from the old-style corset. Yet his fashion advisers might report that women might be persuaded to adopt a certain type of girdle which eliminated the unhealthful features of the corset. His next effort is to analyze his public. He studies the groups which must be reached, and the leaders through whom he may approach these groups. Social groups, economic groups, geographical groups, age groups, doctrinal groups, language groups, cultural groups, all these represent the divisions through which, on behalf of his client, he may talk to the public. Only after this double analysis has been made and the results collated, has the time come for the next step, the formulation of policies governing the general practice, procedure and habits of the client in all those aspects in which he comes in contact with the public. And only when these policies have been agreed upon is it time for the fourth step. The first recognition of the distinct functions of the public relations counsel arose, perhaps, in the early years of the present century as a result of the insurance scandals coincident with the muck-raking of corporate finance in the popular magazines. The interests thus attacked suddenly realized that they were completely out of touch with the public they were professing to serve, and required expert advice to show them how they could understand the public and interpret themselves to it. The Metropolitan Life Insurance Company, prompted by the most fundamental self-interest, initiated a conscious, directed effort to change the attitude of the public toward insurance companies in general, and toward itself in particular, to its profit and the public's benefit. It tried to make a majority movement of itself by getting the public to buy its policies. It reached the public at every point of its corporate and separate existences. To communities it gave health surveys and expert counsel. To individuals it gave health creeds and advice. Even the building in which the corporation was located was made a picturesque landmark to see and remember, in other words to carry on the associative process. And so this company came to have a broad general acceptance. The number and amount of its policies grew constantly, as its broad contacts with society increased. Within a decade, many large corporations were employing public relations counsel under one title or another, for they had come to recognize that they depended upon public good will for their continued prosperity. It was no longer true that it was "none of the public's business" how the affairs of a corporation were managed. They were obliged to convince the public that they were conforming to its demands as to honesty and fairness. Thus a corporation might discover that its labor policy was causing public resentment, and might introduce a more enlightened policy solely for the sake of general good will. Or a department store, hunting for the cause of diminishing sales, might discover that its clerks had a reputation for bad manners, and initiate formal instruction in courtesy and tact. The public relations expert may be known as public relations director or counsel. Often he is called secretary or vice-president or director. Sometimes he is known as cabinet officer or commissioner. By whatever title he may be called, his function is well defined and his advice has definite bearing on the conduct of the group or individual with whom he is working. Many persons still believe that the public relations counsel is a propagandist and nothing else. But, on the contrary, the stage at which many suppose he starts his activities may actually be the stage at which he ends them. After the public and the client are thoroughly analyzed and policies have been formulated, his work may be finished. In other cases the work of the public relations counsel must be continuous to be effective. For in many instances only by a careful system of constant, thorough and frank information will the public understand and appreciate the value of what a merchant, educator or statesman is doing. The counsel on public relations must maintain constant vigilance, because inadequate information, or false information from unknown sources, may have results of enormous importance. A single false rumor at a critical moment may drive down the price of a corporation's stock, causing a loss of millions to stockholders. An air of secrecy or mystery about a corporation's financial dealings may breed a general suspicion capable of acting as an invisible drag on the company's whole dealings with the public. The counsel on public relations must be in a position to deal effectively with rumors and suspicions, attempting to stop them at their source, counteracting them promptly with correct or more complete information through channels which will be most effective, or best of all establishing such relations of confidence in the concern's integrity that rumors and suspicions will have no opportunity to take root. His function may include the discovery of new markets, the existence of which had been unsuspected. If we accept public relations as a profession, we must also expect it to have both ideals and ethics. The ideal of the profession is a pragmatic one. It is to make the producer, whether that producer be a legislature making laws or a manufacturer making a commercial product, understand what the public wants and to make the public understand the objectives of the producer. In relation to industry, the ideal of the profession is to eliminate the waste and the friction that result when industry does things or makes things which its public does not want, or when the public does not understand what is being offered it. For example, the telephone companies maintain extensive public relations departments to explain what they are doing, so that energy may not be burned up in the friction of misunderstanding. A detailed description, for example, of the immense and scientific care which the company takes to choose clearly understandable and distinguishable exchange names, helps the public to appreciate the effort that is being made to give good service, and stimulates it to cooperate by enunciating clearly. It aims to bring about an understanding between educators and educated, between government and people, between charitable institutions and contributors, between nation and nation. The profession of public relations counsel is developing for itself an ethical code which compares favorably with that governing the legal and medical professions. In part, this code is forced upon the public relations counsel by the very conditions of his work. While recognizing, just as the lawyer does, that every one has the right to present his case in its best light, he nevertheless refuses a client whom he believes to be dishonest, a product which he believes to be fraudulent, or a cause which he believes to be antisocial. One reason for this is that, even though a special pleader, he is not dissociated from the client in the public's mind. Another reason is that while he is pleading before the court—the court of public opinion—he is at the same time trying to affect that court's judgments and actions. In law, the judge and jury hold the deciding balance of power. In public opinion, the public relations counsel is judge and jury, because through his pleading of a case the public may accede to his opinion and judgment. He does not accept a client whose interests conflict with those of another client. He does not accept a client whose case he believes to be hopeless or whose product he believes to be unmarketable. He should be candid in his dealings. It must be repeated that his business is not to fool or hoodwink the public. If he were to get such a reputation, his usefulness in his profession would be at an end. When he is sending out propaganda material, it is clearly labeled as to source. The editor knows from whom it comes and what its purpose is, and accepts or rejects it on its merits as news.
I snuck out onto my deck early this morning
RevWik
“We can work together and see if we can temporarily stop the double fare while you go slow and do the fair thing. Meeting face-to-face with ARC (and its transit group) is my next step,” Bradley said after the ARC Committee meeting. Both Bradley and Mallory said they will do whatever it takes to get free transfers for paratransit passengers and put an end to the double fares. ”I am not giving up. (Thank you) Ms. Mallory for taking the time and the courage to say they would come or think that anybody would listen. They are listening and we’ve made a difference in that,” Bradley said.
Snipes Mountain Brewery
I don't know how old you have to be to remember the gold spools, but they haven't been gone all that long -- it took me less than two minutes to find a representative sample in my own thread stash.
I am not going to spoil the pleasure of looking at Karen's work
This ties into the previous point of the characters as types. The details of the types are almost of no consequence – if Vincent had gone to another country for three years, with a different set of funny, interesting associated dialogue, it would have no consequence for the character. The details are of no consequence for motivation with one exception – the boxer’s need for the gold watch.
she knew;
- Marketing Plan;
6. Fashion matters. Speakers look most credible in navy, black, and gray.
An Archers at The Larches pumpkin.
There is no unity without the separation
12. Band Introduction (1:39)
Many people fought with me over logistics and tryed to ‘make me be normal’ according to the hetero-normative scale AND the Gay-Scene rules. I was called a closet-Transsexual, I was told I made no-sense, and many other mislabeling or insulting commentary. It was freeing for me to be able to explain it in one term instead of trying to explain it all in description. Most people are more accepting of a concept if they can name it.
- Silhouette - flowers, lace border, title
While the violence in Mexico fills headlines, problems in the border area of south Texas seldom make the news but are just as serious, he said, especially in the spiritual realm. The population of the Rio Grande Valley is at least 90 percent Hispanic, and thousands of Mexicans from Mexico are flooding into the region, fleeing the violence in their homeland.
capability is absent from the currently offered quoting engines and is the
My trials and tribulations continue at work and as such modelling and painting progress has been negligible. I did manage to dust off an old GW Chapel of Sanctuary, making a couple of alterations and personalising it with the addition of some extra colour (picture post to follow).
Me: "Such as?"
At long last, fans finally get to see Bella and Edward tie the knot. The first half hour of the film is dedicated to the most anticipated wedding in YA fandom history. I must admit--the wedding scene is beautiful. Sweet, romantic, and just plain beautiful. And. Her. DRESS.
Tuesday was a long day. We spent over 8 hours at the hospital. We were there from the time Kevin’s mom checked in until about an hour after she was assigned a room. We had great service at the hospital because of a family member and a family friend that worked there. While we were waiting they let us have a room to ourselves where we could just be away from it all.
That's pretty scary. I have been working to maintain a healthy eating plan along with plenty of exercise. What are you doing?
But don't forget why you're here
and it's not that more lost air luggage ends up in Cairo
National endorsements for the April 28 mobilization include such groups as the Coalition of Labor Union Women, the National Latina Institute for Reproductive Health, Catholics for Choice, the National Organization for Women, Code Pink — Women for Peace, and the Religious Coalition for Reproductive Choice.
Our family will be participating in “Screen Free Week” from April 30th thru May 6th. No TV, no DVDs, no video games, no smart phones, no handheld video devices (Nintendo, etc) for a WHOLE week. I am not going to lie…this will be a difficult week for me as well as the kids. No Facebook? No Pinterest? No Words with Friends or Draw Something? Say it isn’t so!
The building owned by the Catholic Church was in process of being prepared for rental, the money from which would to be used to provide income to assist low income high school students.
GK: Ryan Jones, LB: Kristian Hewitt, CB: Marc Judd, CB: Ryan Hurst, RB: Sam Hewitt, LM: Chris Pye, CM: Martyn Barnett, CM: Ali Ingram (Mark Sanderson), RM: Daniel Esfandiari, CF: Ben Rowe (Lee Fielder), CF: Sam Schwodler (Paul Andrews)
You barely make enough money just to survive.. you will be forced to live 3 or 4 to a cheap apartment with other performers, just to survive. If you manage to go with Ringling, you will be living like a rat and traveling on an old PULLMAN CAR that was built in the 1930′s or 1940′s where you will have a small sleeping space that isn’t big enough to swing a cat and you will live a life where your world compresses to practicing, doing shows and traveling. It’s a lifestyle that wears you down quickly and many people can’t take the living closely with others and having only minimal privacy.
Mailed a Christmas present in January
Which is quite fitting right now, but I really cannot dwell on this forever. I’m still finding out a way to try and move on from everything. Just can’t believe a boy could have made me so unhappy but still want to be with him. So confusing.
Additional calendars will be available for purchase.
Other than my emotions, Kiddo1 has started asking interesting questions this week that make me feel like he’s experiencing a small bit of anxiety about his impending siblinghood. I can’t blame him: he’s lived his whole life as an only child and that is about to change. He’s asking things like, “Will you still love me when the baby comes?” and that breaks my heart a little. It’s a completely logical question for a child to ask, but it’s sad that the thought would ever enter his mind at all. I think it is difficult for a child to understand that love can grow instead of divide.
- And you were all like, 'Where's my money bitch?'
This Psalm guards the entrance into the Psalm book. It is the first idea we encounter as we get ready to enter into the book. This psalm will guide our understanding and control our interpretation and our singing and praying of the rest of the Psalms in the book.
I ripped circles from paper and have stitched circles slightly off line to include the circle elements of the sketch.
What's your silver lining today?
Death is a horrible, horrible thing, but if a soldier dies in a war, do we ask why the government didn't do more to protect them? These days, perhaps we do. Why didn't they have better armor, better intelligence, better logistics? We demand amazing things from our government and rightly so. In a perfect world the war machine would run magnificently and folks whose countries we invade wouldn't fight back. But this is what war is. War is dirty and messy and horrifying and people die. Did we expect something different?
AC: We'll have to leave it there, Andrew.
It is very delicious and comforting. Serve as a side dish or as a main with some salad on the side.
Schrader SM. Field Studies in Male Reproduction. NIVA Course "The Effect of Chemical, Physical, and Biological Workplace Factors on Male and Female Fertility. Copenhagen, Denmark. May 26-31, 1991.
This is the first of the third set of adventures of Karamus as told by an older and more bitter version of himself in a semi-journal format. These are written for fun so enjoy.
I must confess I’ve never been able to make heads nor tails of Gilda’s plot. I also cop to finding the film a tad too long, with one too many acts of cruelty leveled at its titular character. These sins are always forgiven as soon as Rita Hayworth makes her entrance. I shudder every time she, to quote Red In The Shawshank Redemption, “does that shit with her hair.” “Gilda, are you decent?” asks her husband. “Who, me?” asks Hayworth, and a hundred thousand men’s hearts—gay and straight—skipped a few beats. Despite the current cinema’s ability to show more than just some hottie tossing her hair, Gilda’s entrance remains one of the sexiest moments onscreen. It must have fueled a lot of post-war teenagers’ erotic dreams in 1946.
Darts are there to shape the skirt - obviously - to your own contours preferably. You can put any number of darts into your skirt, but for the basic block, there will be 2 at the back and one at the front. This translates to a total of 6 darts in your skirt. We're putting more darts into the back as there is more ease there, if you remember.
I hope this has been helpful and now you have some useful tips to take better photos at night or in low light. The important thing to remember is that you will need a long exposure to get enough light for a good photo. This means that you will need to stabilize your camera either by using a tripod or stable surface (i.e.: table, bench etc.). Use a low ISO as this will help reduce noise in your photo. Take control of your camera, shoot in manual mode then experiment, experiment, experiment.
In cool, out warm…in cool, out warm.
What? oh yeah..double planned that day.
"Strangely unpleasant wet dog aroma with some orange peel in the background. Sweet malty flavours balanced by harsh bitterness. Notes of orange peel. Below average carbonation, texture is rather thin."
People with food their hearts take a beating
It is a shame, It really is. I thought that it was a necessary thing to showcase our local IT industry.
- I’m a terrible drinker. I barely never drink any alcohol, and I know many people wonder why. I think it has to do with limits. It’s like when you buy candy, you eat until you feel you don’t want more. I don’t think my “limits” stretch as much as many other people’s limits do.
As I was about to leave, teeny weeny bikini girl’s (let’s call her “TWB Girl” for short.) friend came out of a draped dressing area in absolute distress. “I can’t do this!” she said to TWB Girl.
Green Cardstock
The nights you watched and wired and dug and piled sandbags on parapets?
I'm really wondering where you come up with this...I could point out that before the Jordanians held the land for all of 19 years (1948 - 1967), the land was "owned" by the Ottomans...nope, not the Palestinians (that didn't actually exist during the Ottoman period). The settlements were, for the most part, founded post 1967 on what had been state-owned land from the Ottomans, to the British, to the Jordanians. And we've had the land for 45 years. More than double the few years the Jordanians claimed the area.
Would love to win your giveaway. Sounds awesome. Those fabrics are delicious too! I have been a follower for a long time. I am still trying to figure out how to get on linky though. I have not heard back from them about a confirmation email and forgot my password and they have not responded to that either. Sigh....
I find it amazing to compare my life's journey with the astrological chart that had been drawn up for me. It all seems to fit so nicely. I wonder what you would find if you analyzed your own journey, what you might find?
The sole thing I am able to state by incorporating certainty is the quantity of wear and fatigue on any vessel out here cruising and crossing vast elements of bluewater is much more than the general average coming from all boats at your home. For estimate, We would declare that 1 year cruising and crossing oceans may perhaps be corresponding to the wear and tear and tear of decade usage of a speed boat for most home dock coastal cruising areas. This brings us back to maintenance issue again.
others could get afraid of,
3. Mad Men. Do you love that 1960s classic look of feminine detail? Graciously welcome back the roll necks, peplum silhouettes, voluminous skirts, polka dots and conservatively sexy styles.
And, of course, most of one's time is spent traversing the valleys, and sometimes they aren't the valley you're expecting: Instead of the Valley of the Jolly Green Giant, you find yourself in the good old Valley of the Shadow of Death. But there are constant what-happens-next-and-how questions, large and small.
Ever since the Federal Reserve was created, there have been members of the U.S. Congress that have been trying to warn the American people about the insidious nature of this institution.
36. Who is your loudest friend?
For that matter, this catastrophic failure makes me wonder at the overall strategy of Texas post-2007 juvenile justice reforms, which have been recently called into question for other reasons. The Legislature's big-picture strategy under Chairmans Sen. John Whitmire and Rep. Jerry Madden has been to rapidly de-incarcerate youth prisons and shift focus to grant-funded community-based programs administered locally. El Paso ISD's contract with New Beginnings ended just before the 2007 statewide reforms. But still, this sun-town saga makes me wonder whether adequate oversight infrastructure exists to monitor those contracts?
This is bollocks: the next tranche was due mid September. The Troika team walked away in disgust at the almost complete lack of progress, and debriefed the situation to key EU personnel last Sunday. Last Sunday was to be decision time. Umpteen websites and news sources stated clearly ‘the next tranche of bailout to be delivered mid September’. As predicted here last week, Angela Merkel has broken her pledge to CDU colleagues: she’s simply done it by pretending that September 12th had never been judgement day.
“You were alone when I met you, were you travelling with someone?”
In high school, a preppy friend gave me my first nickname: JW. That morphed to J Dubs and eventually Dubs, which had its advantages during basketball games – shouting it on fast breaks was easy.
A long time ago someone passed along the common cliché to me that “if I do something that I love, I will never work a day in my life.” Being young and impressionable I think I bit on it pretty hard. I changed my major from computer science to pursue a career in photography because I loved it so much.
All of these things, as well as the financial implications play a part in pointing out that either a 20 or 30 hour working week would significantly improve not only the economy but peoples mental wellbeing generally as well. This would not just include people out of work currently achieving employment but also, people currently in work would be less likely to suffer stress related illness including heart attack and other mental health conditions.
Once choosen the most suitable foundation for your skin type, pull back your hair and look your clean face in the mirror under the sunlight (you can do it in front of a window). Put next to your face a yellow cloth, then a pink one. One of them will make you look pale, the other radiant.
I never met Clarence Anicholas Clemons but one night at the Bottom Line a French poet was so moved at the end of Incident On 57th Street he was unable to stop hollering despite Bruce’s appeal for quiet. Finally the Big Man reached out to Jacques and silenced him with a smile. He understood that music and madness are inextricably linked and on a good night rock & roll makes saints of us all.
Anyway.. So I was given this music to play - accompaniment for one song.. I looked online to see if I could find a recording of someone else playing it (cheating to find out how it's "supposed" to sound). I found what I wanted. Except the pianist in said recording ad-libs the left hand through the piece. It's marvelous. Absolutely divine - and I wimpered as I studied and listened to it over and over and over again.
Oh, and my brother-in-law's already fussed at me about hemming those curtains (in a loving way ;-) I'm working on it. I aim to have them all above the heaters before the weekend's over!
She must have made these before I was born. I don't remember her doing embroidery except to teach me. Her crocheting at that time was sweaters, afghans, hats and scarfs for the family. This one has some spots that I will have to look up on how to properly treat them.
It's been awhile between City Guides here at Andrea Reh but I finally have another to share with you - this time courtesy of the lovely Ada of Classiq, with her guide to the beautiful city of Bucharest, Romania.
Kibbles, too, has been extra cuddly, which is appreciated. She likes to curl up on my chest and stretch her paws out over where Morgan's legs are. She does not, however, like it when she rests her hind end in that same area and gets a few kicks in the butt from Morg! HA!!!
Also, stop lending legitimacy to Senate filibusters by treating a 60-vote hurdle as routine. The framers certainly didn’t intend it to be. Report individual senators’ abusive use of holds and identify every time the minority party uses a filibuster to kill a bill or nomination with majority support.The last point is especially critical. The vast majority of the electorate doesn't understand how the system in the Senate works and a 60 vote majority has become an accepted norm because the media doesn't tell them what a vast break of precedent this tactic is every single time the GOP blocks an up or down vote. Instead they report it as an ordinary victory or defeat.
Trust again. In Jesus name amen.
The Tommy Sheridan saga has proceeded now for many years. From the heights of the election of the Scottish Socialist Party MSP’s, led by Tommy Sheridan, to Holyrood, to the depths of him being led away to serve his prison sentence for perjury.
Doesn’t it look picturesque? Just like in ‘the olden days’, when winters still were winters and they could have an Elfstedentocht. We won’t mention the Elfstedentocht again. It is a sensitive subject… *sigh*
Similar policies already exist for gender equality and ethnic violence.
“Five.”
Frame: Michael's white 12x12 frame
The page also lacks links to reports from the New York City Economic Development Corporation and the Pratt Institute Center for Community and Environmental Development, both of which challenge Zimbalist's estimates.
“Thank you, Lord, for giving me this website and the inspiration to write what you want me to write!”
I used dies from Magnolia (tag), and a die and film strip from Tim Holtz.
I'm starting to get a little worried. I'm not worried about the weather. Yes, it will be incredibly hot, but we have air conditioning and will adjust our outdoor activities to the evenings. And we've got those pools. They may steam during the daytime, but I'm sure they are lovely at night.
i suddenly realize that i don't do the little thing i used to do to make him feel special. i used to leave him little notes, pick him up little gifts so he would know that i was thinking of him even when we weren't together, etc. a couple months ago i made an I love you because... frame. i hung it in the bathroom and we used it a lot. i love the little notes that he leaves me and i love it when he takes the time to leave a thought for me.
Whew! Who knew that there are so many castles to visit and so many different places to stay in the Loire Valley? I certainly didn't until I started looking for a destination for Stephane's and my romantic weekend getaway at the end of April. Perusing website after website of castles with interesting histories, charming rooms and blazing fires, my eyes glazed over with châteaux fatigue. For those of you who are blissfully unfamiliar with this condition, it occurs when you've seen too many photos of turrets, moats and deer. For some reason there are an astonishing number of deer on castle websites! Deer amongst the flowers, fawns hiding in the forest and deer rambling about the fields. If we hadn't had deer traipsing through our yard and destroying our plants in Ohio, I might be more enthusiastic about the possibility of spotting one. But I digress...
couple pats of butter
Then there's another little sewing wall hanging
It doesn’t help that I did a combination of the Crazy Sexy Diet and Dr. Fuhrman’s cleanse for 3 months – no processed food, no gluten, no sugar, no caffeine – and I didn’t feel one ounce better.
This is a sweet little album of early 70's British rock, R & B based with some slight proggy touches. This reissue used a terrible cover (I don't know what a slingshot has to do with anything), and had only some brief production notes. No booklet, no liner notes, no photos. Disappointing because this band is still around and I'm sure the members would have loved for the label to have done a better job. I mean I had to search the net to get the player's names! Well anyway the music speaks for itself - very nice material, well produced, with great keyboards throughout and a singer whose voice perfectly suits the music. Not the greatest album ever but certainly not deserving of being so obscure all these years.
Jim Stockford - Vocals, Bass
So it is ironic that the one type of conservative thinking which has always provoked the most furious Leftist criticism and opposition -- promotion of military strength and preparedness (generally in the name of precaution or prevention) -- is in fact precisely the thinking that is most likely to be associated with social intervention of the kind that Leftists would normally favour. What we see in that, of course, is a type of sibling rivalry. From the French revolution onwards, Leftism has always been fiercely and bloodily aggressive and tyrannical both in internal and external policy while also making large attempts at social reform. Internal interventionism and international interventionism tend to go together and Leftists want mastery of both those spheres of action for themselves.
Whatever makes people happy they should just do it, 'cos time is a mere scratch and life is nothing"
Saute the onion until pieces are translucent. Add the bacon and fry to your liking. Add the brown sugar and cook until it becomes syrupy. Add in pork and beans. Delish.
This year's distinguished faculty of professional performers, directors, composers, and master teachers includes pianists Margo Garrett, Graham Johnson, and Martin Katz; composers William Bolcom, Jake Heggie, Libby Larsen, and John Musto; and singers Amy Burton, Gwen Coleman Detwiler, Melanie Emelio, D’Anna Fortunato, Audrey Luna, Joan Morris, Lisa Saffer, William Sharp, and Frances Young.
Friends identify the person who is interviewing Mahesh babu (Tollywood Actor) any guesses.....scroll down to see the video
Yes, Townsville PD does fingerprint cards. However, there are no 'finger nail prints'. So sorry...
Aluminum is a very popular metal right now because it is a fantastic alternative to sterling silver. Not only is it more economical but it won't tarnish. It is also safe to wear for anyone who can safely wear sterling.
Kay stands by her husband even when her grandmother hold Peter responsible for all the tragedies.
The Ginger Man ~ by J. P. Donleavy (Ireland)
Aroma: A citric tang was the first impression, and then a sweeter note introduced an herbal base. The second impression was slightly more herbal.
Today is Good Friday. What better time to let it all go?
The Microsoft Malware Protection Center blogged a couple of days ago on An interesting case of Mac OSX malware, which turned out to be exploiting MS09-027, a remote code execution vulnerability in the Mac version of Microsoft Office for which a patch has been available since the Jurassic (well, about three years ago). There’s a message there about how careful Mac users are about patching.
Holy mission you see
While growing up, my mom used to host Christmas parties for family and friends and she would whip up a lot of food, enough to fit a whole long yard and still manage to find time to bake her delicious chocolate cake with chocolate butter cream. She may not remember it now though, but I remembered it loud and clear like it was just yesterday. We would have roast turkey or sometimes chicken, grilled lamb chops, salad, appetizers and the list could just go on and on. One could only imagine how we managed to fit almost 30 plus people in our home. It was a long tiring day affair but a joyous one I must say.
What a fantastic 48 hours this has been. I went and visited my friend Natalie and we sat most of the day yesterday at her dining room table. Talking, eating great food, taking walks, and best of all, drawing!
Then, they wrapped a huge chain around the bottom of the 48" trunk,
Manoras switched off the machine and mopped his forehead with a white handkerchief. The sudden change had rather upset the nerves of the two young men.
Lee Whitby was found guilty of using racially aggravated abusive words during the protest in the city centre on Saturday, October 9.
So it’s pretty amazing how when you get older the fear of doing things you use to do when you were younger creep up on you. Ronald and I just bought ourselves some new bikes recently and in my head, I was thinking “Oh… this is going to be a piece of cake.” In a way, I was wrong. That old saying, once you ride a bike you never forget is true. It’s the fear of taking a turn that got me to hit the brakes and panic a little.
These mountains make our hearts sink
–overflow servers. If your “home” server is full, it lets you either queue or go to an “overflow” server and play as normal.
I have heard many stories that people will happily tell you (especially if you yourself are living in a vehicle) about Travellers and how they stole this or that. But almost always it is a second or third-hand tale. Most people cannot actually tell you a first-hand experience of Gypsy theft. Now, of course I'm not saying that Travellers don't steal things - it would be a blinkered statement that could not be corroborated anyway, but this applies no differently to house-dwellers: there are house dwellers who steal things and commit all manner of terrible crimes, but it doesn't do to assume that the structure you live in has anything to do with whether or not you commit crimes. I'm just interested in the way that stories which bolster the "us-and-them" mindset get passed on and on, and added to a sort of collective storage bank of Reasons To Hate Gypsies, from which anyone can borrow.
You may have gathered that I am no huge fan of the largely spiritless corporate brewing giants who appear to be in the market for money rather than for the pursuit of beer and beery excellence. Don’t get me wrong – I understand why they do what they do and that there has to be big brewers so we can better appreciate the little guys – I just pay them that much attention.
Ready — Fight!
Shown here is 'Jawbreaker' - one of my all time favorite polishes. I think this polish is an enormous accomplishment because it has appealed to the public on a mainstream level and perfectly encapsulates what a fun, but not over the top, polish should be like.
With emotions restraining,
"Don't force it," my friend Kelly said. "Just walk and breathe in some salt air."
With every passing second she gets more and more comfortable
One day, he went out to buy pizza, then he met a girl, her name is Ella who lives on the street. She looks cute but so thin, cold and hungry. So he invite her to come his house.
Few questioned who and what was behind the meteoric rise of a virtual unknown junior senator from Illinois. In 1995, State Senator Alice Palmer introduced her chosen successor, Barack Obama, to select members of her district at the home of two previously referenced figures: William Ayers and Bernardine Dohrn.
“I can barely remember what happened,” Lucy continued. The young red headed mother in the corner raised her eyes for the first time to look at Lucy. Stale tear streaks were evident beneath her pale eyes. “I wonder why my friends didn’t come with me.”
But all is not green and crawling in our little plot: we have delights both seasonal and unseasonal. On the latter front the Head Chef is still harvesting tomatoes to go with the salad leaves from the polytunnel. And we still have a few marigold flowers left to garnish a salad if the fancy takes you.
I found myself sitting watching control of my emotions flow through my fingers as I tried in vain to gather them up. I began to wonder what the trigger was. I began to try to understand and reason my way out of the room of ugly emotions that I found myself trapped in. I wondered why during the first week of kids arriving at school when Joe had been taken by ambulance and spent the next two weeks in the hospital I was able to juggle the hospital and school in a way that I felt was pretty emotionally balanced. I remember taking the dogs for a walk late one night after spending the day at school, and the evening at the hospital. As I was walking with them, I was aware that I was exhausted. I was worried about Joe. And I clearly remember wondering how I was holding it together. I wondered where the tears were. I wondered why when at school, those that knew what was going on would give me a hug and tell me their prayers were with us, and I didn't fall apart and cry on their shoulders. "How am I doing this?" I remember clearly asking myself.
These days, when I'm at the grocery store filling up my cart, I actually am proud of my food choices. I no longer cringe at myself as a case of soda rolls across the conveyor belt knowing it wasn't good for me but feeling helpless and powerless not drink it. As time goes on, I want to get further away from a conventional grocery store and learn to buy most of my foods from local farmers and ranchers, but I'm still working through the baby steps. I'm starting to think for myself and not just grab the closest food-like item to shove in my mouth. I'm taking the time to learn traditional methods of food preparation and learning to really appreciate foods for their own unique flavors, not a chemical approximation of what a consumer "should" like, coated in sugar.
The US needs access to the Pakistani border into Afghanistan, so Pakistan is playing its advantage for all it’s worth.
Do you have any friends with whom your friendship goes way back, and even if you haven’t talked in a while, when you do it’s seems like you pick up right where you left off? Those kinds of
Wow, thank you all for another fabulous Make It Monday week! We just love seeing your creations and getting inspiration from all the different styles and projects! There are so many varied styles and interesting techniques to see... and last week was no exception.
There are so many information scraping resources are available guild wars 2 gold on the Internet. With one of these resources, without tension, you can obtain large amounts of information. In the last ten years the Internet revolution has made the planet being an information center. You should use the info internets. Also you are curious about downloading info from websites, info and paperwork you have to copy the skull. It seems to operate just a little tougher for everyone. With these resources scrape, you can save money and time as well as reduces the guide function.
Anyway, 5 new adventurers are taken on a field trip across a freshly randomly generated realm of Sanctuary, the wonderful wide world beyond those stone walls surrounding Tristram. Big demons have been busy summoning little demons everywhere and both need to slain. And slain again repeatedly, if you have the misfortune of logging off once or twice before reaching a checkpoint.
Choosing shoes for your children can play a critical role in their musculoskeletal development, including their posture.
I didn’t want to leave our animals - that was our livelihood sitting out in that field - but it was starting to become dangerous for us. Branches and debris were flying everywhere. We barely slept that night, waking with every howl of the wind. It broke my heart to think of the animals being so scared. We didn’t know it yet, but we were
“In pioneer families … it’s you against the elements and you just have to have a certain toughness and work ethic to be able to prosper. I think that has been handed down to us,” said Mitt’s distant cousin Brandon Romney, 33, a chilli pepper farmer in Colonia Juarez.
