From this sample ofChristian newspapers which reported the 1966 meeting, I want to turn to a sample of more recent books and note how these authors regarded the significance and nature of the Doctor’s message on that occasion.
8. In one, I play as yordles (dafuq folks) and in the other, I get to play as 8 foot tall warmonsters with a penchant for TEARING YOUR HEART OUT WITH A SPOON. GG yordles.
Best moments this week: Seeing and feeling her move in by belly from the outside, I love it!! and Mike getting to feel her more and more. Mike tried to listen for her heart beat through my belly, he thinks he may have heard it at first, but then wasn't sure. I've been meaning to get one of the stethoscope things. Seeing Mike more and more excited about Little Bit. He's gonna be such a great and fun daddy!
I had lamb riblets from our CSA - and I asked myself, what the heck do I do with a lamb riblet? It doesn't even seem like a real cut of meat, it sounds like a mini rib from a mini hobbit-type lamb. But they exist. Riblets are cut from the breast and look like ribs but are layered with both fat and meat. Because of this layering, you cannot cook these quickly - braising is pretty much the only option. I did mine with a morroccan spice alongside some acorn squash rings with a apple curry filling. In retrospect, this was probably too much spice on one plate, but Elaine didn't mind so that's all that matters - you can do as you like.
I walked away from school in the middle of Parent Teacher Conferences and didn't return for 7 days. My wonderful friends stepped in and planned for and took care of my class while my husband was in and out of the hospital for the next couple of weeks. I owe them more than I can ever repay.
We can now state Nietzsche’s ethic. I think what follows is a fair analysis of it: Victors in war, and their descendants, are usually biologically superior to the vanquished. It is therefore desirable that they should hold all the power, and should manage affairs exclusively in their own interests.
Hi y'all!
♥ This is the Purse Size Terry Bag from Shop Glitzy Glam which is Elle and Blair Fowler's website. I love that you can get your initial on your bag, it makes it so cute and much more personal. You should check out their website because they have some really cute items there, Here is the link :)
(6)Fill a pastry bag with the dough to make a cream puff ring.
But hey, this is the Beverly and Church Avenue isn't exactly Madison. So you just walk away and up the ramp that leads to the main theater. And there it is again, no matter how many times you've been to the Beverly the chandelier that’s bigger than a house is just beautiful as ever, hanging from the ceiling. It must have over a thousand lights, and hundreds and hundreds of crystals. It simply gleams like a star in the darkness, even though it's covered with dust.
Would you take a freakin’ look at this?
Thou wouldst conduct me there where thou hast said,
The following are 21 unanswered questions that they don’t want you to look into….
This is the only way we can change this african weather
I cannot imagine the emotions that you felt
Today, it’s hard to imagine Green Hills without its most loved icon, and if you’re willing to brave the mall traffic, you can see the sign for yourself. The restored neon still hangs proudly above the Hillsboro Pike storefront. And if the sign alone doesn’t justify the venture, a few dozen treats from Fox’s bakery shelves are sure to make the jaunt seem worthwhile. No matter how frustrating that mall traffic can be.
“Now I recognize you. You’re the guy that always loses,” said the officer as he folded his ticket book and smiled.
Being mostly legal, I thought I should finally try my hand at driving this weekend. I drove to Church this morning. This was my first time ever driving in a vehicle with right side steering and driving on the left side of the road. Did I mention the Terios is also a manual transmission? I only almost got run over by one bus (luckily, not a red bus), turned on the windshield wipers instead of the turn signal four or five times, burst into tears once, and made us five minutes late for Church. I’m going to go ahead and call that a success, mmmmmkay?
I’d like to write some more. With this done, maybe in January or February I can tackle the next story and see about bringing it to fruition. I need to finish the NaNoWriMo to see if this method yields results. Writing things sequentially means that the story is building up, and already touching on a few places that I wasn’t ready for. NOT that I’m saying that the story is building up well, or… *mutter* What I mean is, it’s nice to get it out and analyzed outside of my head instead of putting it aside and having it changing when I’m not looking at it. Once it’s written, I can tinker with it until I have to say “No more.”
Is your pace steady?
Banksy’s work was born out of the Bristol underground scene which involved collaborations between artists and musicians. According to author and graphic designer Tristan Manco and the book Home Sweet Home, Banksy “was born in 1974 and raised in Bristol, England. The son of a photocopier technician, he trained as a butcher but became involved in graffiti during the great Bristol aerosol boom of the late 1980s.” Observers have noted that his style is similar to Blek le Rat, who began to work with stencils in 1981 in Paris and members of the anarcho-punk band Crass, which maintained a graffiti stencil campaign on the London Tube System in the late 1970s and early 1980s and is active today.
How those men abandoned anything they knew, families, friends, jobs, environment, customs, what it was socially and politically correct and followed the “ideology” of a dead man – Jesus Christ?
After 3-4 minutes
So, this concludes my PantheaCon 2012 coverage–and, this also concludes the longest blog entry I’ve yet made, at over 10,500 words. Wow–not bad (for having taken about seven hours, with a few breaks!) This will probably be the basis for a short book I’ll be putting out later this year in advance of the Esoteric Book Conference, so stay tuned for more on that in the future!
Ribbons: from stash
The ratio of Chinese Financials, COPX, to copper, COPX, CHIX:COPX, has risen to a value of 0.715; from here it is likely to go lower, suggesting a continuing failure of credit in China. Yes, the seigniorage of copper will once again fail. Tyler Durden relates Chinese Copper Inventories Revealed To Be Double Estimated. The FT reveals for the first time that China’s estimated copper inventories is almost double the lower end of the consensus estimate. And millions of domestic businesses operate using Letters of Credit backed by copper.
The elections. I am not elated about Romney, but again, I would vote for my housecat before I voted for Obama.
group.calendar.google.com/public/basic.ics
Since I’m not sure I believe in God, I’m not sure where I was going with this when I began. So I’ll stop as abruptly as I started. The inner world of my memory is not an absolutely private space. That’s where I was headed. All of those decisions I’ve made by default (even not eating beef and losing 55 pounds) are not private. They involve a host of other people. Does that mean God? Stay tuned. More will be revealed.
I wrote this poem for a school literary anthology. I hope you enjoy it.
YES Brick or wall surface cleaning, including power-washing
This brings me to the second issue, which dominated most of the panel discussion:
I know I've got a few quirks of my own, but you are one wound-up bitch these days. Maybe you should take some yoga classes. At least try to stop being so goddamn noisy. Can't we go to just one Olympic event without you screaming "U-S-A!" all the time?
4. Leave a Comment
My ‘take money out of politics’ point is worth a lengthy tome in its own right. With luck, it will come as a side-effect of the phase after Crash 2. With bad luck, we will lurch back into Leftist state-controlled fluffiness. Berlin and Brussels are, between them, ensuring that the chances of that second option will become much greater. This – more than any anti-German bigotry – is the reason why The Slog has, in recent weeks, become far more single-minded in saying that the Merkelian Juggernaut must be stopped by any and all means. With every tree crushed under its caterpillar tread, it is making things infinitely worse than they need be.
As luck would have it, as we left church that day the priest held the clipboard up to my husband’s face, and after being so humbly welcomed by the whole parish, he signed us up. We both agreed we would go to the first meeting and see what it was all about.
They sat on the patio for over an hour and discussed John Wayne, Nelson Eddy, Jeanette McDonald, Seattle, an Alaskan Cruise, sports, lots of mutual friends and many more things. He told Mom he really enjoyed himself.
Farther Away: Essays was released on April 24, 2012 by Farrar, Straus and Giroux. It was also released on audiobook by Macmillan Audio, narrated by Jonathan Franzen. You can listen to a clip here:
We are clearly warned not to mess with the supernatural. For us, there is only danger:
The disciples were fishing. It was after Jesus had been crucified. Peter had gone through his most agonizing moment in which he had denied Jesus three times. He had lost a friend. No doubt he probably wondered whether the last three years were a dream. What now?
They popped up again a few years later with Up! (One Little Indian, 1992) which I can’t claim to have heard, but by this time had added Haggis to their membership, who had previously played bass as a session musician on the Understanding album. Following this, SDW would undergo a complete change in direction on the utterly brilliant Sugar Kisses (Hyperium, 1993). A much more laid back approach than SDW had displayed previously, beautifully dreamlike and whimsical that remains a firm personal favourite to this day. They made their final full length album with Under the Stars (Hyperium, 1995). Robert seems to have more recently done some work with German Darkwave outfit Deine Lakaien on their April Skies album (Capitol, 2005).
Kafka
End result.
There’s a lot of geography between us and Hood’s farm, but I wonder if there’s a way we can work together to help more survivors.
No, I am not ginger. I am GREY. My hairdresser once described the back of my head as looking like a badger's arse. Which was nice. I'm not grey all over, not yet, and with help from my hairdresser I have been keeping it at bay. I chose to go blonde - so that the regrowth isn't so noticeable. Recently I've realised that blonde doesn't really suit me and so I have now chosen to embrace my natural red undertones with some subtle copper low lights. I feel better for it. I no longer look like a corpse.
You carry out workshops - can you tell us more about those?
probiotic lactobacilli) and for energy production by the liver
With Chelsea Field dominating the proceedings with her immense beauty and Brenda Bakke uttering dialogue like a some kind of leggy acting machine who, for all intents and purposes, could be a ravenous hosebeast hellbent on world destruction, you'd think there wouldn't be much room for anyone else to move as a fry cook, I mean, as a Death Spa notable. If you think that, your brain must not work good.
Other odds and ends -- I don't have a social media plan, that is whenever a new enterprise starts up and I think it's interesting I join (e.g., twitter, tumbler, g+, Instagram, etc.). The other day I was thinking about it, and I find it all overwhelming! I'm not sure where to post, when/how often to post, what to post to each etc. I'm going to have to figure out a way to use these better, and hopefully not feel so scattered with them all. If any of you have any helpful advice about how you manage all these accounts, I'd love to hear it!
My schedule's not perfect. I know I'd get more done if I did things like ignore Twitter and Facebook and just generally managed my time better. I have an okay balance right now though, and I feel like I'm still making forward progress. I might be inching rather than running, but still. Forward.
We are overdue pasting someone so I reckon against Fulham we’ll score four or five and win easily. Home to Blackburn we’ll win and then Man Utd will beat us at Molineux the week after. Norwich away is a point but we could get robbed, Bolton at home is a must win and I think we will. Stoke away is tough but a point wouldn’t surprise me (but don’t be surprised if we lose), Arsenal at home we’ll lose unless they go a man down like at the Emirates then it’s anyone’s guess. Sunderland away we need to get something, Man City at home is a zero pointer and then Swansea away, Everton at home and Wigan away are all winnable. In total I reckon we can pick up about 18-20 points and add that to what we have now (22pts) and we’d finish with around 40-42 points. Yes I know everyone will say that my predictions are hopeful, they are. But I reckon 35-36 points will keep us up so we are allowed a few little stumbles along the way too.
The Saturday Evening Post, founded by Benjamin Franklin in 1828, is a impressive source of the history of our American life. Even the CD cover artwork, by the popular artist Norman Rockwell, which was used as the cover for the December 21, 1935 edition of the Saturday Evening Post magazine has been incorporated into this wonderful snapshot of the American Christmas experience.
This is a water colour over almost three sections. I used the pebble motif from those I saw on the beach at Clovelly last weekend. Their smooth shapes and bold stripes are too beautiful not to use.
Just had to share this blog post with you all today. I know I needed to hear it! Yesterday was a hard homeschooling day...a day when I doubted if what I was doing was the RIGHT THING for our family...
When is it ok to look back and say, “I really didn’t make the best choice” and move forward for a healthier life? It’s no longer about blame and I don’t expect him to make anything up to me. I have forgiven everything, but my healing needs to take place elsewhere.
Yellow and Red
Tonight, he forks full some delicious and cheesey potatoes into his mouth and then proceeds to put a nasty I-just-ate-a-mouth-full-of-shit look on his face. He looks at me, looks at The Hubs and chokes the potatoes down.
Ovation inflation.
After about 6 weeks of working 60 hours a week and with a new semester that started a few weeks ago, I've been a bit stressed out. My lovely boyfriend decided Labor Day weekend was a great time to whisk me away for a couple of days and basically do whatever it took to keep me away from my computer and cell phone. It worked wonders and I feel relaxed and ready to face the world! We drove to Tucson, which is just a short drive from Phoenix, and spent the weekend in a resort. Something happened to my camera so I only got a few pictures before it broke. (Excuse to buy a better camera!). However, I wanted to share a couple of the pictures I took. The first is Friday's night's sunset right as we arrived at the resort. We were driving up toward the lobby and I looked to the west and screamed "STOP THE CAR!" After he recovered from his heart attack, and actually did stop the car, I immediately jumped out of the car with my camera in hand and took the pictures.
I can't believe it, but the paint job on our would-be nursery is done.
Yet, in spite of this, they persist, every moment as we have already witnessed here, in assuming the existence of moral absolutes by criticizing things they believe are morally wrong.
Far from us drive the foe we dread,
Equally important is the whole issue of Education Officers. Apparently, when an Education Officer is from a particular area, say Muranga, he/she will be forced to make staffing decisions such as promotion and transfers of headmasters and principals on the instructions of area MP or Minister or whoever otherwise he/she will loose their job. This, I am informed, leads to a situation where schools of Districts/County’s that an Education Officer is not a native of, end up performing better than when the Education Officer is from the region. This is because the Education Officer has to play local politics and dispense favours based on politicians and their own agenda’s. Perhaps a policy of barring Education Officers from coming from the same District/County be deliberated and passed?
hearts as one
My Granny died the other week.
I was reminded of a brilliant quote earlier today after a good ol' rant about the state of the word with a fabulous friend..
Or, at least, you wouldn’t be able to were it not for the fact that the music video was increasingly in ascendence. In the US MTV would launch in eight months, but of course, the idea of MTV is only possible when its underlying concept is familiar. In the UK the concept existed within Top of the Pops, a program that requires explanation and description in a couple of ways. First of all, its nature. That’s simple enough. It showed quasi-live performances - a combination of live performance and backing tracks - of popular music.
However, while I think that people should be discouraged from taking a child to a religious service, I do not think that this should be enforced by law. If there is ever a referendum I would vote against a law that criminalised taking a child to church, as I think that other parents’ rights to live their own lives and raise their own children without interference outweighs my beliefs about the right of a child to an open-minded upbringing.
And I think I will.
For me that track happens to be “Music Sounds Better With You” – Stardust.
1. Run a marathon. I’m the one who reads a copy of Runner’s World magazine at the doctor’s office. I’m not a runner; although, I’d like to be. I almost started training back during the summer. Instead of buying a good pair of running shoes, I invested in a month to work in a pottery studio – no regrets there. I have always admired those ”13.1″ stickers on the backs of peoples cars. Anyone can be dishonest and stick one on their car, I want to earn mine.
OMG, people love a pregnant woman. I love the attention. I love people asking me about it, when I'm due, if it's a boy or a girl, if we have names, if they can feel it, holding doors, letting me skip ahead in line, making me rest. I love them rubbing my belly and talking to her like she can hear and the pure excitement that everyone seems to exude when around an expectant mother. I know that will all go away once the baby is born and instead of worshipping me and my baby-making vessel they'll just be wishing that the crying baby would shut the hell up. People are all Republicans when it comes to babies...they care about it when it's baking, but once it's outside you're on your own.
In the steamy jungle.
Nobody had an extra beer for Dusty
The District Exhibit Displays are an iconic element of the Sydney Royal Easter Show . They are indeed spectacular constructions of vegetables, fruit and other produce elements. They are a cooperative work by primary producers that proudly reflect the diversity and excellence of their regional produce. Each display consists of over 10,000 pieces of fresh produce from five agricultural districts throughout New South Wales and South East Queensland. Wendy and Craig have been the big ideas team and designers of the Central District Exhibit for 23 years
2010.08.08 Iraq Fallujah 4 14 Four civilians lose their lives in two car bombings.
Don't wanna fight, it would be in vain
It is not fitting for a lady to wear crumpled clothes, and I'm a little ashamed about it. But oh my, this is the last day of February! Seriously? How many posts did I write in February?
Accidents Direct are developing a co-operative where leading regional law firms, specialist personal injury practices, high street firms and sole practitioner solicitors can become a member of the Accidents Direct ‘co-operative’ and invest in the national marketing provided by Accidents Direct which will include television and other media. By buying a share in the co-operative members will be able to benefit from the national reach of the annual media campaigns and benefit by taking their share of the clients coming through Accidents Direct on a pro rata basis.
Loathsome Creek, from which the area gets its name, flows the entire length of the vicinity and is spiritually captivating. It runs directly out of the mountain tops, down through the middle of this vivacious landscape and eventually into the brilliance known as the Hillbillyite River. The beauty of the crisp, clear, refreshing water is enticing to the eyes. The folks that live here know the spiritually healing powers of the water can cure what ails the soul. However, Loathsome Creek can sometimes be misleading. Contrary to the fragrance of the trees and the wildflowers in the woods, the creek can be at the opposite end of the odor spectrum. The water seems inviting, and it appears to be the perfect place to take a dip. Nevertheless, during a dry spell, the stench which emits from the creek is nothing anyone would consider tempting. It’s nothing anyone would choose to experience.
Used this week: 0 yards
Kamsa hamnidda! (Thank you)
When they returned to Denmark’s home at 5137 N. Scenic Highway, Lot 15, Whaley went into the kitchen, grabbed two knives and, with a knife in each hand, began stabbing his grandmother as she took a bath, investigators said.
Since this block required small scraps, I saved the larger ones for a different project. So I thought!
There was a man who owed a rich man a million dollars; far more than he could ever pay back from his wages for a lifetime. He pleaded with the rich lender, who then kindly forgave him the whole amount. The man who had been relieved of much debt went out and tracked down someone who owed him a thousand dollars. He grabbed the small debtor by the scruff of the neck and demanded full and immediate payment of the debt. The rich man heard about this and took back his kindness, throwing the man who owed a million dollars into the debtor’s prison. “I released you from so much suffering and you could not release another from his suffering.”
I am not what I desire to be at this point, what I am, is my compromise.
1319 W. Lake, Chicago, IL 60607
tattooed flesh had been cut up and was green and bloated but she recognized the
the screen is something that bothered me. This on forward, I know that Windows 8 will be a tablet/phone
6. Do you have any piercings/tattoos? I only have my ears pierced. As a kid I was deathly afraid of piercings. I would always yell at my mom whenever she asked me if I wanted to get my ears pierced. I finally gave in, but the woman who pierced them had a lazy eye and ended up piercing at a downward angle. So when I finally got to put in the earrings myself, I had to poke another hole in my ear. As for tattoos, I have always wanted one, but I haven't found the right inspiration yet.
While defending your wife's honour.
So, why am I knocking holes into the title of our conference and risking offence to our hosts from O’Reilly and the Frankfurt Book Fair? Because I think that we have to adjust our focus a little and stop thinking that we will find magical techniques and technologies that are going to facilitate change and then we can all settle back down into nicely profitable business routines. We tend to think of change as pivoting around moments of crisis – not an ongoing process.
you try to scratch out an honest living, but no matter how hard you work, you still wind
I suspect there will be a few false starts, a few dead ends.
At least I know that my daughter and other Towson students are doing their best to start that awakening.
Pierce Howe has made a name for himself as one of London's most reliable thief-takers, leaving behind his family's sordid past to create a life of his own. But when Viscountess Annand, known in society as The Ice Goddess, demands that he track down her wayward maid, all his carefully-constructed defenses begin crumbling. As the Ice Goddess shows that she does indeed have a melting point, the thief-taker must decide if he can risk it all and tell her the truth about his past.
Finding the doll stroller in my bag, Maeve eagerly reaches for it. Adjusting her small baby doll inside, she pushes it out the room, down the hall. Stopping at the nurses station, a few feet again, we turn and walk back. We continue the pace for twenty minutes until the timer beeps.
Paper cup
"I think it’s not that simple to pin down a particular time,” Wenger said. “If this is caused by a drug, it could be the effects of a drug that we’ve been using for as long as thirty years now, maybe even longer. Besides, the FDA alone approves dozens of drugs every month6-7. Even narrowing it down to drugs used worldwide, that’s still hundreds, not including generics8."
You got it: Activist generals under Obama are now rewriting international law making formerly nonactionable crimes retroactive crimes. This isn't just stacking or marking the deck: It's tearing the old deck in half and reprinting one containing nothing but jokers. The Obama administration twisting international rules of war to try and convict child soldiers who are largely forced into such a life bespeaks of a desperation to win any convictions for war crimes.
- we've taken care of lots of projects around the house but still have many more to go
My head swam with his closeness and nearly drowned in the events of the previous twenty-four hours.
In order to conquer my overwhelming fear of two highways in one day, I’ve devised a plan in which I rise absurdly early and leave with two hours to spare where less than one would do.
- Cross-grain leather lining
What we're going to do is have a party on FB with games and prizes, so forth. Here is the even page link SASSY BOOK LOVERS 1YR FB/BLOGOVERSARY
As per the Board’s by-laws, there will be a maximum of 25 delegations at the June 14, 2011 meeting, which starts at 7 p.m. at the J.W. Singleton Education Centre, located at 2050 Guelph Line in Burlington.
Tomorrow to Syracuse.
The FA Cup quarterfinal match between Tottenham Hostpur and Fulham had to be abandoned at half time after Fabrice Muamba collapses on the pitch after an apparent heart attack. Medical staff attempted to resuscitate the Fulham player through CPR and the use of a defibrillator. After that failed, he was rushed to an intensive care unit of a nearby hospital.
I have a container full of names ... I will be glad to pick out the name for you and send you the name if you prefer. I am so excited by my saint(s) ... I already picked mine. Well, I should say that they picked me ... I have Saints Marcus and Marcellianus ... they are twin brothers who were sent to prison before their death. St. Sebastian visited them continually in prison and helped keep their faith alive. They are buried near St. Felix and are specifically honored in Spain.
And I definitely found cupcake nirvana with these. They're a super light vanilla cake that combines expertly with my perfect chocolate frosting recipe.
There's not necessarily an incredible answer to this. After all, lots of companies do the same thing. But as good as a description as you can manage - as thorough as possible - helps people see exactly what you do.
I find writing this review extremely difficult: all those activists died for this? To be betrayed by a Black South African plutocracy and kleptocracy? Is this what Steve Biko (1946-77) died for? http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Steve_Biko Is this what 700 schoolchildren were machine gunned to death for in the 1976 Soweto riots as captured in the end of ‘Cry Freedom’ clip below. Shame on the ANC!
It’s one thing to be critiqued; another thing entirely to be ignored. And that’s why I’m thankful for reviews.
4. Take your paper towel out of the vinegar, and place your next one in. Just repeat these steps for your desired amount of paper towels.
“Yeah so I screamed at the guy, I said, ‘you grabbed my boob! what are you, some kind of fucking pervert?’ So they took me behind the lines and broke my wrists.”
Yes it all became too much, all too much.
“Technology can often surprise us and not do the things we expect it to do,” he says. “It’s worth keeping in mind that this is a story about the fallibility of science and engineering.”
LUCY HOLSTEDT teaches at Berklee College of Music. She is a composer, songwriter, choral arranger, playwright , actor, piano player, and vocalist. Her poetry has appeared in Ibbetson Street, The Wilderness House Literary Review, and the Lyrical Somerville column of The Somerville News.
E: What is next from Gaoler’s Daughter?
Thank you so much for hopping with me!!! I hope I have given you an idea for a quick and easy project to do with the kids in your life.
Well, I’ve been experimenting with my little BlackBerry phone’s video function, and discovered that not only can I have fun making videos but they can be posted on the major sites like Vimeo or YouTube. So since I have a little knowledge about editing gained from my experience with gigs and auditions, I thought I’d pass this on for beginners to recording – be they voice artists, podcasters, small businesspeople, etc.
But, there’s more to him than that. After all, Clark’s acting career of over sixty movies extended through the history of the studio system. He began in silent movies and by the time he left, MGM was on the ropes and stars like him were leaving the studios to work independently. The story of Clark Gable is the story of the golden era of movie-making, of classic Hollywood, and yet it ends with one of the great movies made outside of the studio system, The Misfits.
*Images: Hero Arts Very Merry Christmas
So this is all about ‘defence’, apparently. Only defensive ‘attacks’ or defensive defences are allowed in the Koran and in Islam generally. But what is meant here by ‘defence’ or ‘defences’?
FINAL VERDICT: “Lockout has a creative idea behind it, but it’s sometimes a victim of its own limitations, be they filmmaking mandate or a barely visible budget. Still, the movie is plenty fun for fans of cheeky action, particularly with the strong lead performances of Guy Pearce and Maggie Grace, the former of which delivers enough one-liners to put John McClane to shame. If you’re among those who understand that an action movie doesn’t have to be taken seriously to be good, you should find Lockout amusing enough to enjoy.”
If YOU don't "GOT" any of this type of pant hanger....
Confused? Here are some examples of this cause and effect:
ALL MEN ARE CREATED EQUAL!
and took them all away.
Speaking of Belgians and their fantastic yeast, I was lucky enough to try WildDevil, HopDevil fermented with 100% brettanomyces. Young, about a month old, but awesome. The hop profile is delicious when lined up with the bright and dry wild yeast notes. This year's is definitely going to be a winner when released. I also got to try some other wacky wild beer that, while I'm not sure what it was, blew me away. It was still fermenting and tasted like cheese!! I don't think it was Helios.. Whatever. Love it.
Preliminary EPA mileage estimates are 24 mpg city/33 mpg highway/27 mpg combined (9.8, 7.1, 8.7 L/100km) for the X1 sDrive28i while the AWD X1 xDrive28i has preliminary EPA estimates of 22 mpg city/30 mpg highway/25 mpg combined (10.7, 7.8, 9.4 L/100 km).
Currently, we are selling our launch collection, The Rama Collection. The inspiration behind our launch line is leaves. I believe that nature is the one thing that all human beings find to be universally beautiful and I wanted to design a collection that captured that beauty in a modern way. Every pattern in the leaf collection represents different views of a leaf. For example, the Linear design is clearly based off the basic shape of a leaf. The Leaf design is a closer view of a leaf, highlighting the veins within a leaf. The Jewels design is an even more magnified view of a leaf, highlighting the actual cells that make up the leaf’s texture.
Original Air Date: Apr 2, 2012
That’s right, chalice of freaking life is in this deck! Yea, I’m not kidding, it’s in it and it may actually work. I think you can build this deck to work harder just for the Chalice of Life win, but this way, it can come out of nowhere and just slap your opponent in the face. And it slaps hard…
7. The Sleepwalker by Robert Muchamore
So the police were called. And they closed off the area where his bags were and got his description from us after we told him the odd things he’d been saying to us, and then they started boarding the plane. The wife was saying something about how she wasn’t going to get on the plane. Too freaky for her! But she got on, and so did we, and after a long, long loading period, we saw the guy that had abandoned his bags as he boarded the flight too. So they’d found him. And I have no idea what happened, but they deemed him safe to fly.
Most of the time Batting is sold on the roll. You will find that they vary in their widths.. The cotton Batting I use is 240cm wide. If your quilt wont fit into that size... you may need to order a piece bigger.
They asked them,
Palmitamine – See Palmitic Acid.
Next up:
This time Rovio fully catapulted its focus on the concept rather on birds and characters. Whats most amazing thing is the concept of gravity with the speed. They catapult the birds from different planets and the gravity says Oh O you just aimed it wrong. All you should look to differentiate is the 9.8meter/second into 9.8 touchandhold/second. :p
I so adore this dress.
Gum drops on toothpick
1/3 c. fresh lemon juice
Mystery, one of the most accomplished PUAs, says near the beginning of the third step that “What I’m really after is for people to be envious of me, for women to want me and men to want to be me.” Style (Strauss’ alter ego) jokingly responds, “You never got much love as a child, did you?” There seems to be some truth in his comment and the exchange highlights what the game is really about. It isn’t just about sex and it certainly isn’t about real intimacy and love. It’s about trying to make ourselves feel valuable or worthy. We are trying to prove it to ourselves and showcasing it. But I don’t think reaching his goal would bring him a lasting or meaningful sense of value or worth.
at least just yet.
Words that I wrote for you float like pipe dreams, adding fuel to the slow fire consuming me from within. It is funny how presence makes itself felt more poignant through absence. Stray memories come to haunt , it is amazing how darkness brings things to life, gives them a form, a voice.
I remember my graduation, sorta kinda, okay what I really remember is that feeling, which I imagine may be a different feeling for everyone else.
Tonight Father, prove yourself again, save soul, heal the sick, set the captives free, everyone of us here today, give us at least one major breakthrough.
Abrazos
But this time my mother fell and broke her right leg. She went to hospital in great pain, had an operation,and went to a second ward for recuperation.
Just like George W. Bush’s mom said on Good Morning America about the number of soldiers coming home in body bags, “Why should we hear about body bags and deaths,” Barbara Bush said on ABC’s “Good Morning America” on March 18, 2003. ”Oh, I mean, it’s not relevant. So why should I waste my beautiful mind on something like that? It’s not relevant, so why should I waste my beautiful mind on something like that?”
Nonetheless, I also bought myself, Lori, and Mike Sketchers Tone Up sneakers--I love them! I should buy Sketchers stock. You know what stock I wouldn't buy, though? Facebook. You know about their IPO, right? Don't think I've giving stock advice now, I'm just saying I think Facebook is a little past peak.
Today, however, I did manage to spend a goodly amount of time crafting and the first thing I made was a snippet make for Pixie's Crafty Snippet Challenge # 18 - it wouldn't do to miss a chance to skip into Di's playground :)
Information about Military OneSource is located at http://www.militaryonesource.com or by dialing the toll-free number 1-800-342-9647 for those residing in the continental United States. Overseas personnel should refer to the Military OneSource website for dialing instructions for their specific location.
First, the flowered, full-skirt dress:
*waves bye bye all the time
I sit and look through all my photos for a good 20 minutes debating on what ones to keep and what ones to delete from my phone forever. As I scan my photos I can’t help to feel attached to all these photos in a different way. I have photos from the day Igby was born, when Michael and I first got together, Igby’s first birthday party, etc. Then as I start to think more and more about it I realize I have to let these photos go or I won’t have room for all the things that will happen. I have so many years of moments that I’ll whip my phone out and take that picture that I’ll love just as much as the ones I have to let go of (at least on my phone) for the memories that we’ll make.
As the locavore food movement and celebrity chef Jamie Oliver’s food revolution campaign continue to take hold we are seeing a continual increase in schools who are serving more fresh fruits and vegtables, more local produce and less processed foods. Call it a backlash against the pink slime burger or common sense finally prevailing as more American’s and their children are becoming obese. For what ever reason, more and more parents are finally calling on their schools to serve better food that is preferably local based or even produced from a school garden.
Note: Jen's great article continues the guest post series I have been running this year on the subject of marriage. I posted consistently until my daughter's illness in April, and since then it has been a bit spasmodic. But, I still have some good articles I want to share that author's submitted, and this is one of them.
There was very much a sense that the UK was being modernised at long last, and the establishment of the National Assembly was very much a part of that trend, it went with the flow of current events. That made it much easier to gain coverage in the media, and was genuinely a subject of popular public discussion.
Tortuga: Everything! Food. Clothes. Our house. Toys. Books. Homeschooling.
“We’re about evenly matched, how about playing for five bucks a hole?”
So for now I’m getting myself through race #6 this weekend. After that I’m focusing on healing my knee (stupid little shit) and getting my health back on line (Oh how I hate the doctors) while I have this little break between races.
6 large servings
- Last month I saw a link to the Secret Recipe Club on several blogs I follow. The club is hosted by Amanda, who had this brilliant idea of assigning each one of the participants a blog, from which you are free to choose any recipe to make. For May I was assigned Savoring the Thyme blog, which has a lot of wonderful recipes and beautiful photos. It was difficult to choose, but this month I decided to make salads every day to compensate for all the last month's whipping cream, and I love edamame and corn, so this salad was just perfect. Thanks to Amanda for the wonderful event, and to Jennifer from Savoring the Thyme for the inspiration!
* = with REDLIGHT as support
Jack – The Emperor of New London
think i might just give it a go now though (before i stick the card together of course)
In the end, however, it didn't matter. The young girls and their families stood up in celebration and absolutely roared (I've never heard as loud an applause) as Radcliffe bowed appreciatively to his fans.
Needless to say that was probably the fastest we ever drank in our lives. We stumbled out of Pat’s Pub into the afternoon sun and found our way back over the snake bridge into our territory. We were late for dinner that night, allowing for many basketball/softball games to help us sober up. I really don’t remember going back to Pat’s again, it closed down no long after that summer and by that time age didn’t matter. I think all the fun was in the chase, anyway. Now if we could only get served at Ulmers- no bridge to deal with.
“They should have had a preexisting rapid response plan,” he told HuffPost. “They should have had vessels of opportunity — shrimp vessels, any vessel that can deploy a water-column sampling device — pre-contracted, on a list, to be called up in an event that this happened. And they blew it. And it’s been going on for a month now, and all that information has been lost.”
Though the reader knows more about Wolf’s actions than Alva, you still aren’t sure exactly what he’ll do. My main complaint about the novel is that it is longer than it needs to be. I felt like I read a good chunk of the book before Wolf even got out of prison and then the unraveling of the plot takes another 350+ pages. In all, the book is 528 pages long! In my opinion, that is really long for a mystery/thriller book, and The Woodcutter doesn’t need to be that hefty. There are one or two big shockers in this book, but it mostly unfolds along a relatively predictable path. Overall, The Woodcutter is a good story and a fun read, but not the best thriller I’ve read this year.
(A Francis Chan illustration)
2. Look
Advice.
The end of things created;
Charlotte: Oh, older woman then was she?
● “For Your Consideration” with Blythe featurette
When I only have a first impression to make something happen, UGPS would say: "In ten seconds, hold in your stomach, stand like a 'ho, and suck on your middle finger." (Heh, like I would ever be so gauche. Again.)
April watched the sheets dancing in the warm Spring breezes and smiled as she realised what pleasure such a mundane task as washing became on a day like this. In a moment she would step outside, most likely barefoot so she could feel the fresh grass under her feet and gather in the laundry that smelt like the breezes which had dried it. In a moment she would think about making love with her husband under those fragrant sheets. In a moment her whole life would be turning upside down.
This darling Victorian era unmarked trade card shows a yellow chick hatching from an egg in a pretty egg cup. Above is the original scan with some cleanup and repair.
Set in and around the campus of a fictional midwestern university, Kasischke’s eighth novel centers on a tragic car accident that has taken the life of beautiful, straight-A student Nicole. A year later, her sorority sisters are still up in arms and lay the blame for Nicole’s death on her boyfriend, Craig, who, they claim, is an irresponsible rich kid. But Craig’s roommate, Philip, who grew up with Nicole, has begun to think that she is not really dead and approaches his sociology professor, who is teaching a class on death, for help. Meanwhile, a witness to the accident has given up trying to straighten out the many erroneous newspaper accounts stating that Nicole was found covered in blood, for the girl she saw was not bleeding and not dead. Kasischke excels at depicting the psychology of the young and the traumatized even as she delivers a scathing indictment of the siege mentality of college administrators. In this literary page-turner, reminiscent of Donna Tartt’s Secret History (1992), the talented author inlays her academic novel with a touch of the supernatural and a deep sense of foreboding.
These new billboards could eventually lead to ultra-targeted advertising. Displays will also be able to tell a customer’s age and race and target advertisements based on that information. One day, the displays will be able to track customers’ spending habits, but for now, the technology is being tested in stores, banks, and even bars.
so a wonderful fall break but we have a busy week ahead..lots of therapies, field trip with miss rayley beth to the pumpkin patch and a hayride which will be our first chance to wear our new costumes! the girls are so excited...we have a butterfly, a witch and a skunk. can you guess which one miss maggie will be? ;)
The Delirious Museum is, in art and architecture, all that attempts to broach the classical facades of institutions of art and antiquity and inject something of lived life back into the museological space. Some of these sallies are nakedly political, like the Situationist assault on the spectacle; others are merely concerned with the artistic; once or twice we cross the dreary river of ‘institutional critique’, the gallery’s attempt to reify theory; and three chapters on museum architecture serve only to convince that the yolk of a museum remains infinitely more interesting than the shell. Impossible to realise, the Delirious Museum (like Malraux’s ‘Museum without walls’) is something that can only exist in a book; but it’s a guidebook that also offers us an idea of what we should be demanding from museums.
Miller has taken his cue from a real event and the people that were a part of it, a gathering of the friends and family of Joseph Conrad on the August bank holiday weekend, 1924 at his home in Canterbury (anyone who might choose Conrad for their specialist subject may have alarm bells ringing at that date and you'd be right). Before the novel begins we come across the dramatis personae, usually the reserve of the playwright, a cast list that extends to a staggering 39 characters. Many of these will just be walk-ons and one is the family dog so you needn't worry about a book leaden with enough characters to sink a Russian epic, there are just a few that we can concern ourselves with here. At the top of the list is Lillian Hallowes, a 'typewriter', who has been Conrad's secretary for many years. She is not part of the family unit but is invited by Conrad's son John who is celebrating his birthday that weekend. The official invitation has come from Conrad's invalid wife, Jessie, who has just been released from a nursing home. These three will be most directly affected by the event that alters the course of the weekend - Conrad's death (bonus point for you if you were already there).
Theme: Giveaway (UK only)
Rajma is usually enjoyed with plain rice or even with rotis (Indian Bread)
Thanks to Smokers Against Discrimination for posting this on Facebook-
In its focus on these rituals, on regional ingredients and family stories, the book shares some of the goals, if not the tone, of The Homesick Texan. More surprisingly, the two books share concerns for the use of whole unprocessed foods, and for the perpetuation of ethnic cooking heritage (in the Sandvidge’s case, this heritage is German, including grandparents who made their own sauerkraut in their garage). Convenience foods certainly appear – not least breakfast cereal, which the sisters seem to have consumed in truly monumental quantities – but their role is not as prominent as one might expect.
Underlying some of the consciousness discussion here recently is the fundamental question “Where Is Reality?” — or, in its more provocative version, “Is Reality Real?”
And the Telegraph’s Nick Collins stayed in touch with a piece pointing out that ‘Until now, any public figure who believed they may have been subject to illegal tapping could request a summary of references to them in the mass of evidence siezed from private investigator Glenn Mulcaire in August 2006. But now the Metropolitan Police have announced they will no longer distribute the evidence unless people can convince them there are “reasonable grounds” for believing their voicemails were accessed without authorisation.’
100. Theft of Swords: Avempartha by Michael J. Sullivan - The 2nd half of the first omnibus in The Riyria Revelations series. I enjoyed one of the two major stories lines quite a bit, but the Princesses story didn't pull me in she comes off as more of a secondary character with little will of her own despite her strong showing in the first novel The Crown Conspiracy. Even with those problems I enjoyed everything else. See full review here.
I love books that manage to combine all my favorite things...mystery, the supernatural, suspense, history, and romance. Although this book is really long, it moves quickly and keeps you guessing.
Ask most young people what they enjoy doing that’s “free, fun and funky,” and you probably don’t expect to hear “chess.” But a local initiative describes the strategic board game in just that way, and it has children flocking to Lamberts Point Recreation Center every Wednesday to play nice – make that NICE, Norfolk Initiative for Chess Excellence, formerly Hip-Hop Chess.
quickly colonize open areas. But, when viewed from a restoration perspective this trait is interpreted as hardy and fast growing. This tree thrives in areas with disturbances, such as a river floodplain, making alders a valuable addition to restoration sites where we are trying to stabilize the land and encourage the beginning of a natural forest succession process.
The next logical step for me was to look at the canvas ground and change it. I found the idea in New Canvaswork: Creative techniques in needlepoint, by Jill Carter. I found some specialty papers at my local art supply store and online. I then started pulling threads and thinking about specific design ideas. I finally selected a paper with grey, hair-like threads and a black and grey colorway. The design challenge was to find threads and shapes that looked complete but were open to show the paper.
“Bless the Lord, O my soul. . . . Who forgiveth all thine iniquities; who healeth all thy diseases” (Psalm 103:1, 3).
This charitable event had a huge impact on the company that assembled and painted them, as well as the children who received them. It was a Win-Win experience!
create, rear and lead this trio of heart-grabbing,
The Apple Store:
A campaign to create a new category of driving while intoxicated is being promoted at the Capitol as one way to curb growing problems in Texas’ system of punishing drunken drivers. Austin Police Chief Art Acevedo, among the supporters of the change, said the idea behind a new offense of “driving while ability impaired” — DWAI — would cover drivers whose blood-alcohol content is between 0.05 and 0.07.Of course, this is half the old limit (0.10). It seems that lowering it didn't solve the problem, so he wants to lower it again. Heck, why not save yourself another round of this game, and lower it to 0.00? The punch line, of course, is that nobody knows if the law would even work at all:
I think my teacher is one of the best I ever had. She is really understanding and always remembering us students about that we are studying ’cause it’s fun and ’cause we want to. There is no “must” just “wanting”.
I am not going to dwell on the fact that this should have been a race report. Part of me is a little sad but the other part is a bit relieved that I didn't complete the 13.1 journey. Since I have been medically forbidden from running this race, I did the next best thing....I volunteered. At the end of the day I was just as tired as if I did run. So here is my recap of volunteering.
3) The piece was given a bit more sanding.
The fourth stonecutter was the busiest of all. While he worked he talked loudly and confidently to nobody in particular about his stone and the cathedral it would some day be a part of. But the stone he was working on was very small and so jagged that it seemed suited only to be a minor detail piece or architectural bauble. When asked why he was chipping so energetically at such a small block he looked up with a smug grin and said:
And the Wilson story-line.
Amelia: While Amelia is sporting baggy sweaters to conceal her pregnancy from others, she’s also not doing that well coming to terms with her impending motherhood. Addison’s offer of a nursery and baby books is too much for the mother-to-be, who’s even cowering at the thought of an ultrasound. But Addison being, well, Addison, invites her to watch a newborn delivery (Addison’s 7th of the day). Seeing the miracle of birth (while pregnant) is enough to sway Amelia who admits she’s “in” and ready to schedule her ultrasound.
Even if you don’t buy stuff, you’ll change your life endlessly, based on what others are doing. You’ll give up your couch, you’ll stop buying Ikea furniture, then give up your cell phone, then give up your computer, then start doing yoga, then become a Zen monk, then create a tech startup. Those things are amazing, sure … but when does it ever end?
All of us are taught from the beginning that it is what is inside that counts. We are taught to be suspicious about our world of appearances. This has deep roots in monotheistic faiths and other general doctrines that have circulated for millennia. It is fairly clear that two things will follow from such advice. One consequence is that our surface lives can become increasingly unattractive and ugly since we have deemed such things as appearance as unimportant.
Newcastle United moved four points clear of Chelsea in the pursuit of a Champions League berth with this victory but the outcome was overshadowed. The visitors’ midfielder Cheik Tioté suffered a head injury when the raised arm of Mikel John Obi caught him on t he head. An oxygen mask had to be applied before he was taken off on stretcher in the 68th minute. The seriousness of the incident was reflected in the 10 minutes of added time although Tioté later reappeared to sit on Newcastle’s bench.
We also switched her into a toddler bed when we moved. So, she had 3 nights in it and then we went to the States for 3 weeks. I was a bit afraid because before we left I was lying with her to fall asleep. She was afraid and we were trying something new in a new place so I was feeling guilty. However, I've corrected that situation. Let me correct myself, at nighttime Liv will go to sleep in her bed no problem. During the day she gets out and plays...which turns in to me hoping she'll eventually fall asleep and having to bring her in our room and lie in our bed with her. I'm not quite sure what to do with the nap thing, so suggestions would be appreciated.
Row 38- ch1, turn, sc in 2, sc dec, sc in 5, sc dec, (sc in 7, sc dec) 4 times, sc in 3, sc dec, sc in 3, (48)
But Fulford does not go into this; he is vague and writes in circles like a trauma victim will speak in circles. We must pray and hope for Benny Fulford’s complete mental and physical recovery from his ordeal at the hands of the Cabalist Luciferian bankster criminals of the New World Illuminati Rothschild/Rockefeller Order.
This topic will be no problem for me, right? Errrrr, okay. I am a very organized person. There is a place for everything in my home and everything is in its place. I cannot stand mess or chaos. Except if you look in the one file where all of my business records are haphazardly lumped together…Things have been piling up since I opened my shop in December and if I don’t do something, they will only get worse. And next year’s taxes are going to be a nightmare. Soooo, I am really interested in hearing what my fellow team-mates have to say about this and am looking forward to getting some great ideas from them to help me along.
I quickly devour the fish.
Clarisse is the only cross-over character, yes? Was there a particular reason you chose her to be the character to appear once again in Nightspell?
Given the consensus among disparate groups on the gap between an ideal distribution of wealth and the actual level of wealth inequality, why are more Americans, especially those with low income, not advocating for greater redistribution of wealth?
You can’t imagine how bad I felt. I went over and apologized repeatedly to the poor kid and his mother. I really think I traumatized the poor little guy! I don’t guess he was used to a musical instrument with that kind of volume or piercing tonal quality. I almost started crying myself seeing that poor little guy bawling his eyes out. I really didn’t mean to scare him like that!
Check phone for text messages. (none.)
Hi Lovely Visitors,
And then it was over. Our brief rendezvous with WWII was done. Although we had to leave meeting Dell was something I didn’t expect. Walking off of Moffett Field I knew that we had just left a place that has history streaming through it. This forgotten air strip continues waiting for people to walk the same paved air field that these three WWII planes and veterans marched. It was a sunny Sunday morning I could never forget.
This blog is not a replacement for going to, or continuing to go to a therapist or a doctor, nor is it meant, in any way, to offer medical advice.
Chinese Trad - Please give up my flip pat 擊聲
www.reallaplaine.com
"Boredom is a vital problem for the moralist, since at least half the sins of mankind are caused by the fear of it."
I watched the gold-crowned kinglet for a while, it seems to have taken up residence along the main creek through here, and as always, it was too quick, and in brush too thick for any kind of photo.
These gold bangles and cuffs I found amongst loads of other pretty hideous jewelry. Great for little girls I'm sure, but beyond that, yuck. I decided to give a little dig, and this is what I came up with. I don't wear a lot of gold jewelry. Don't get me wrong, I lurve the look of gold jewelry, especially in the spring/summer accented with pops of colour, or even just plain white. I just haven't made the transition yet. I haven't committed myself to it to splurge and spend a pretty penny on enough gold accessories to make it worth my while. Spending $4 to test out the golden look to see if it's somewhere I want to go? Done. I love that the set of bangles included a black and white twine bangle as well. Really helps break it up. The cuff is fantastic as well. I'm already thinking of a DIY I can do with it. Ribbon? Gimp? Rope? Not sure yet, but Pinterest will lead the way.
Ink: Memento paris dusk, danube blue, summer sky, rich cocoa (Tsukineko), Distress Ink antique linen (Ranger)
The barmaid has some difficulty pouring it and, after several unsuccessful attempts to stop it bubbling up and overflowing, I ask if there is anything I can do to help. She looks me straight in the eyes and offers to “suck the head off for me.” Then, seeing the look on my face, realises what she has said and we both blush furiously.
Do you have on clean underwear?
To offer two relevant examples, since psychopaths are very often addicted to sex and power, especially when the two are combined. If the psychopath is fooling a new victim with his mask of sanity, pretending to be a caring, loving, loyal and committed family man while lying to her and sleeping around, would you want to lead this kind of double life? Would you want to be with a man who leads such a double life, lied to and cheated on by the person you love and trust? You’ve been in her shoes before and you hated that position enough to get out of the relationship. You never want to be in that situation again. You have enough self-respect that you never want to be with a partner who is so shallow, callous and duplicitous ever again. There’s nothing enviable or desirable about BEING like that or BEING WITH someone like that. As you make your bed so you must lie in it.
Our hearts are broken and life really sucks right now. We are trying to handle it as best we can. We did have friends and neighbors stop in over the weekend and bring us food and beer. They understand and know not to say stupid things or keep telling us they are sorry. We're all sorry and we already know.
This week I've been busy with my other job at the library. As many Aussies may know it is the National Year of Reading (what a great thing to promote our passion for reading all year!!) and on Saturday we are having a Big Read Day at the Mornington Library which is lining up to be a fabulous day. My friend Deb (who has had some of her quilts star on my blog in the past) works in a school library. To celebrate the National Year of Reading in her school library, she has made a gorgeous quilt using the NYR logo.
And so, I give you the classic "What's In My Bag" post! I've been able to downsize from a clunky messenger since I'm not hauling twelve books on any given day. Here's a glimpse at a newly streamlined life:
The high powered firecrackers, which sell for $10.00 a box, ended up as detonators for a crude bomb that Shahzad tried to set off in Times Square last weekend.
Curt was a real enthusiast about this field, so after doing mechanics for a few years he went to work at a body shop to learn the whole spectrum of automotive. After a few months at this new shop his body tools were stolen, and rather than replacing them he went back to mechanics as a transmission mechanic. But Curt was always curious about trying something completely different. He then made a leap from the nitty gritty work of a mechanic to training to become a baker. He pursued work as a baker for a year and a half and even ventured into cake decorating, which he holds a certificate in. Definitely what I’d call a change of pace!
Something else about Lori Gottlieb’s book, “Marry Him, The Case for Settling for Mr. Good Enough” also troubles me, though. It’s more than the fact that she interviews her friends as sources. I think it might be this idea that what happens to white women in the dating world is somehow a universal experience and therefore, marketable, but when it happens to women of color, it’s worthy of a magazine piece or two, or a minor mention during slow news seasons, but not book-length works.
It is the continuing of restraint after the crime has been dealt with, into a condition of restraint for medication that this legal opinion questions. I’d be interested in other legal views, if available.
So it worked on all levels, educational and entertainment. All of your favorite characters are in this show (Big Bird, Grover, Elmo, Abby, Cookie Monster, Oscar, Telly, Zoe, Bert and Ernie, Rosita, Prairie Dawn, Grundgetta, Honker, and The Count), and they make a big entrance and interact with the audience. The sound quality was very good, and the costumes, sets, and special effects were lots of fun.
Katrina and the ensuing collapse of schools, home life and other support structures likely played a role, says Lance Hill, executive director of the New Orleans-based Southern Institute for Education and Research, who has tracked crime trends. Children displaced by the floods returned with their families to a wrecked city, bounced from school to school and lacked mental health professionals to help them through the trauma, he says.
E@L's preferred option of sleeping in the third bedroom (that of his sole sibling) has become so entrenched that this was no longer a problem, and E@L leaves the room for his cousins when they come for Boxing Day - perhaps once they resented this usurping.
discussed Symbolism & Allegory
This morning at 5am, the temperature in Tucson was 31.5F. The temperature back home in Rochester, NY was 48.6F. There is something seriously wrong here. I brought all my potted plants inside and covered the ones in the planter with a sheet.
Then there was this mirror and it is large...sort of hard to tell here. I had to do everything so fast in those 4 days that I couldn't take the time to get a nice background. But it's a beautiful vintage mirror in perfect shape for $20.
In this post I'll show you their Depuffing Cucumber & Cranberry Eye Gel - which I love!
Day 6 : Christchurch.
What is your role?
10 minutes on recumbent bike (fluctuated between level 1 and 2).
Reviews & Notes / 186
That trembles not to kisses of the bee:
Have you played the Riverside Golf Resort in Fairmont, BC? If not, you need to and enjoy golf in the BC Rockies. If so, please add your comments of this long par 5.
Yeah, I know, it's a serious mental disorder...but when 15% of boys are on medication, with numbers increasing every year, it's beginning to feel a lot like a witch hunt.
1 batch pie dough for a double crust
What do you guys think of Bryce Harper? I think he’s very good for a 19-year-old.
Along with Georgia, Nebraska, Indiana, Idaho, Kansas, Oklahoma and Alabama North Carolina currently prohibit abortion after 20 weeks. Also, Arizona has similar legislation in its senate currently. The rights of a women to make her own decision about her body is being reduced (by exactly 4 weeks.) This issue will make its way to Florida, probably sooner than later. Inch by inch members of the government are attempting to take away a women’s right to choose.
Who are they? Since they're famous they need no introduction but a little explanation goes a long way and the IPKat is happy to explain what they are doing here:
- olive oil cooking spray
HOW MIGHT THIS EVENT HAPPEN – AND WHEN?
I slowly backed out of the room, crushed by the insensibility of their behavior.
This works well and the children love seeing their monsters drawn by someone else. We’d love to have a go at drawing your monsters. Why don’t you send your descriptions to us? We’ll let you see how we get on!
Harry Potter was a huge part of my teenage life too. Robert Pattinson would've been included in this list (as Cedric Diggory) but I couldn't bring myself up to look through all his awkward pictures to find a good one.
As for the writing, it. was. awesome. I wasn't a huge fan of the first person pov, but Kendare can write well regardless. I loved her writing voice. And I loved Cas as a character. I maybe didn't connect with him as much as I would have liked to (I think it had a little to do with his monster ego), but I appreciated how tough he was. And how determined he was to figure out what happened to his dad and to follow in his footsteps. This was certainly an original story and a great twist on the typical ghost story.
Known for her larger than life personality and her time on MTV’s #1 series “The Jersey Shore,” Nicole “Snooki” Polizzi joins HSN to launch her signature perfume called “Snooki” by Nicole Polizzi” and debut her new line that includes slippers, handbags, sunglasses and even a version of her beloved stuffed “Crocodilly,” just in time for the holidays.
Everyone goes on twice.
Born in Copenhagen, Denmark, Berthelsen immigrated to the United States with his family as a child. He first expressed his artistic inclinations through music, a passion that played out over the course of his career. Berthelsen was a highly trained baritone who toured the country with the Grand Opera Company, ran the voice department at the Indianapolis Conservatory of Music, and opened his own teaching studio in New York City in 1920.
JBC recommends five names for Chief Justice post;
Lt. Gregg Arthur Atlas, 45, Howells, N.Y.
"This woman will utterly screw up your life
The Gobies gained access into the Great Lakes and its tributaries in 1990. They came from the Black and Caspian Sea areas of Eastern Europe. They got to the Great Lakes via big ships and vessels. Gobies look as portrayed, “Round Gobies can reach up to 10 inches in length as adults, but usually they are less than 7 inches long in the Great Lakes. Females and immature male round Gobies are a mottled gray and brown color. Spawning males turn almost solid black. Round Gobies have a soft body and a large, rounded head with eyes that protrude near the top” (USGS).
The brain drain is becoming exponential.
Don't get me wrong--I love men. LOVE! They are fucking awesome. But it's not lost on me that they're ultimately running the show. And guess what? Men aren't so keen on seeing other men half naked. (Unless they're gay, but it's safe to say they're not the ones I'm referring to as being in control.) So that's one reason why (female) sex sells.
You end up just wanting to go cry in your bed
I intend to write. No matter how well received they are, or how hated they are. I intend to expose myself to random people on the Internet. Tell them my inner most secrets, and my inner most fears. I must begin to write at least 1 thousand words per day. Read a book per day or two depending on the size of the book. Anna Karenina has taken me 4 full days of reading. When I say days, I mean until the sun sets.
- Fenugreek seeds(methi) - 1/2 tsp
How to get somewhere – basically a trip planner. They do have that on the website, it’s actually on the home page twice. But it is something you really have to look for, it should be front and centre. And to repeat one of the points from an earlier post – the TTC should have this as a widget that can be used on any Toronto-based company’s website. Thus allowing businesses to quickly inform the public how one can get there via public transit. And it also shows support for the Transit Commission. A subset to this would be going to maps and schedules. Right now these are split – when there really should be a connection. Since a trip planner will be using both maps and schedules.
Who was Arthur Ellis, you ask? Arthur Ellis was the pseudonym of our official hangman, before Canada abolished the death penalty in 1976.
The other three in our party all ordered the Traditional Spanish Flan with vanilla ice cream and fruit ($12 on regular menu) - which was also incredible.
That was in the fall of 2008. Took until the following spring before the ‘a-ha’ moment happened. (I wrote about it on my first post, I was so excited.) I was at least a year into the process before it all started making real sense.
pagan rites of raving. "I was trying to get a sense of
--that time I slid through the house on Hudson's plasma car, as he laughed and pushed me along.
We all grew up in the days when Ward Cleaver wore a suit around the house. Although we did not realize it at the time neither the Cleaver family nor their house really represented the way the majority of North Americans lived at the time. We’ve grown up during decades when material success was very, very important and drilled into our heads every night for an average of seven hours.
The code is: STMMMS8222 (it's recommended that you copy and paste this link when you buy to ensure that you have the code right!).
lilac bushes, saying they spread and
Zoo director Anthony Bush gave his take on the biblical story and described amusing animal tales, topics which he goes into in more detail in his new autobiography From Cows to Tigers: Building Noah’s Ark.
The aperitif consists of four variations of succulent Sicilian olive, two different types of the fruity, spicy olive oil, tapenade, and sun-dried tomatoes all of which can be savoured with any wine you wish to bring along with you (it's BYO and the excellent vintners Le Verre Vole is just around the corner). Then comes the vegetable platter, with 5 bite-size morsels of each delectable hors-oeuvre served on a rustic little wooden board placed in the middle of the table for guests to pounce on. On our visit we had mushrooms stuffed with wild oregano and capers, oranges with anchovy, and carrot with mint and a Sicilian ricotta that was the consistency of Parmesan. You can also opt for an additional fish course (for a supplementary - and paltry - €15 for the whole table), which includes tuna bresaola, anchovies and tuna "salami"- fiendishly salty and devilishly good. Then comes the pasta course - perfectly al dente pasta with fresh seasonal ingredients (we had penne with mint and tuna). Diners can then opt for a cheese plate or skip straight to the sweet course, featuring cantuccini-like biscuits and lashings of honey.
Kids can be so lucky — Wouldn’t it be great if we could convert all our ‘NO’s into a ‘YES’?
When I was underweight, I harbored no illusions that what I was doing was healthy, but now that I’m overweight, I’ve been trying to convince myself that the same sort of calorie restriction is suddenly healthy because I’m overweight now. On some level, I know that’s bullshit, but on another level, I want to buy into the lie that being thin will fix all my problems.
1/2 cup juniper berries (we didn’t find these in Jakarta so we skipped them)
In my memory, I'm always sitting at the table in the dining room, looking out on the ivy-covered wall that separates the house from a busy road. The table is covered in a red and white checked cloth that doesn't quite match the raspberry-painted walls. The ironing board stands in one corner because there's nowhere else to keep it, and just behind where I sit is the bookcase with its shelves of books arranged by the colour of their spines.
paid: $6.26
ABC’s e-Data products are unique in the media industry and provide members access to a range of circulation, readership and market data for more than 900 periodicals and 1,000 daily and weekly newspapers.
Everyone has a gripe about workplace behavior – the one thing (or multiple things) that drives them crazy and they find unacceptable behavior to deal with. My well-reasoned advice would be to cut those co-workers that drive you crazy some slack. Who’s perfect anyway? And have you never done anything to drive someone a little nuts? You probably have, but just don’t realize it because your colleague decided to take the high road and keep their mouth shut.
The maples in the foreground are losing the last of their leaves in the winds and rain. Right before I took this photo, big drifting sheets of fog moved between us and the mountainside...which made me wish I could send you a video (if I knew how).
This recipe has a meaty twist, with the addition of chorizo. Because they are more easily accessible and more reliable, I used cabanos, and it worked really well. The dish comes out with a lot of sauce, so if you happen to have some rice nearby, it wouldn’t hurt…
1) Heat oil in wok and fry the blended ingredients.
So what Guamote is really known for is its weekly market. Otavola is known for the same reason but Guamote has a whole different thing going on. The entire town shuts down to traffic and stalls are everywhere. Livestock, fruits, vegetables, grains, housewares, natural remedies, secondhand clothes–everything is for sale.
How was your weekend? xoxo
Listing price: $84 million
Mesdan glances up to find Thaneen staring back at him. The freckled, pale white skin is recognizable all throughout the village– and the short, bright red hair is easily the most conspicuous. Thanee is one of– well, had been one of– Danni’s best friends. Mesdan, however, having just completed his rite, turns his head, hot shame creeps from somewhere down near his chest all the way up to his cheeks. He feels nearly naked– and really, he is.
These are pictures of my friend's son when we had gone Berry Picking Last year...I know..I am always catching up... :)) I just love his expression of concentration while he is picking the berry. And these vertical photos were just perfect for the sketch. Valerie also did a tutorial for us to do those circular accents that you see on the page. Super simple, super impacting..lol...I also used up quite a bit of paper from the stash and I love that.
When she was cleared of that, we found out that Hurricane Irene was headed straight for us and that they were going to deploy Jason for a few weeks (they send the submarines out of the way so they won't get damaged). So not only did I have to start preparing to evacuate my house with a newborn and a toddler in tow, but my husband had LESS THAN A DAY to prepare to deploy....(and of course I was a complete emotional wreck).
In our head, that’s exactly what Look, Stranger!’s Thom Thumb was shouting repeatedly as he cut up and re-tooled Kites latest single, “This Jumped Up Boy In Livery”. His fist no doubt pumping the air repeatedly in euphoria as the track slowly ceased to be the intoxicatingly introspective synth concoction of the original and instead took on a kind of dark house vibe, peppered with light jazz piano, trance and even what sounds like a smidgen of UK garage (remember that?).
Nope, I've had several readers send me their books to be signed. :) If you sent me, say, a rubber chicken, that would be crazy.
1192 **D-VIII/12/1994. “On Richard Epstein’s Constitution.” (Incorporated in Item C-1995(4), above, pp. 41-42, n. 58, and in Item C-1995(6), above, pp. 461-62, n. 17.)
and a revolt began leading to the Texas Revolution against Mexico
For example, one of Poe’s more famous works, The Fall of the House of Usher, is about 20 pages long. I swear that at least 15 of those pages are just about describing the house.
Coriander powder ... 1 tsp
You want to flatten the rights of others because your history has pain in it? That makes you no better than those who would slit your throat because of who you are, were or want to be. Life stinks but your hypocrisy is like mustard gas to the very freedom you claim to stand for. So if you are pro blanket ban or pro no transmen using the word I suggest you pull your head out your ass and give it a wipe.
‘The Gap’ is a notorious Sydney beauty spot made perfect for people who wanted to commit suicide.
On the flip side- I worry how I will feel if she DOES NOT have DS. Will I treat her differently than her brothers? Will people just assume I am thankful to have one "normal" child? Will that piss me off that people look at her and think she is the perfect one? Will my dreams for her be bigger than the dreams I have for Casey and Connor? Will one of my 3 babies feel less loved than their siblings?
Presenter : Name a bird with a long neck?
“I don’t know Ro.” My voice quivered unexpectedly. Hardening myself, shaking away whatever fear it was that was holding me I looked at her. “Mum said…”
1 exacting
Directed By: Vince Marcello
Expansion Joints are provided to allow movement in a structure caused by thermal or other factors such as wind loading.
11. Sukkafish
Each day, I will do something for myself. Most days, that will take the shape of a blog post, which I love and helps cut through the crazy. Some days will include reading the Bible for longer than usual, soaking in a bath, relaxing with a glass of wine, reading a magazine, taking an extra long morning walk, or sitting outside with my feet planted on the ground. In fact, I’ve already started one thing- a daily change- that I’ll tell you about later this week.
X-Men meets Tinker Bell is pretty hilarious but I don't have a sense of the story here. Simplify.
In Madrid, bocadillo de calamares are a local specialty. Fresh calamari is lightly dusted with flour and deep-fried until a pale golden hue. It's piled into a bread roll with garlic aioli, and proves to be dangerously satisfying.
49 fieldhurst
"Well, we'll have to do something about that!" Penny declares, "It's the fundamental right of all holograms to be individually named. I've campaigned for hologram activism for a long time. For the moment, I'll call you Joe until you decide on your name by yourself."
It occurred to me that hitting for this little guy was pretty much limited to this time period and he looked forward to it. How in the world could you take that away from him? I couldn’t. And darnit, the next year, we had that boy on the Rec team and he had a key basehit to win a ballgame in walkoff fashion to keep the run alive. He got a first place trophy for it. We would not have done it without him. He fell behind 0-2 quickly, but battled back full and fouled off a few before getting the game-winner. It was great.
Self says he found Riddley Walker very intense and emotional; was this Russ’s experience too? “Yes, I did live that book as I wrote it... the point where Riddley and I both wept when I was writing the book was after Goodparley and Granser have blown themselves up, and the Black Leader of the Bernt Arse Pack, who ‘looks like death on four legs’, shoves his nose into Riddley’s hand and wants to be petted, and Riddley says ‘That’s when I cried for the dead’ and that’s when I cried too.”
As Daniel and Anna’s lives were revisited so will be the MacGregor family in the early past. Nora Roberts brings the early members of the clan to the pages in Rebellion.
The excuse for this prohibition: To “encourage” shoppers to use reusable shopping bags to “save” the planet. But this demonization of the plastic bag is based on flawed science.
This is my first attempt at Haiku. I offer the first one as two variations and I ask for critical commentary on both.
Lunar eclipses are visible wherever the Moon is above the horizon and this one will be visible from virtually all of Europe and Asia, the western half of Australia and the extreme eastern part of North America.
Nothing else troubles me apart from not being able to pull your knickers down and give you a good fuck. Instead, could you write me a dirty letter, by return of post? I mean really filthy, full of all the dirtiest words and deeds you can think of? I require this most urgently.
1 insensate
I thought facilitators would be more shepherdly. I thought they would call attention to how we deal with each other in class or after class, to let us know what we do well and what needs improvement. They give themselves 15 minutes at the end of the semester to accomplish that and they are always frustratingly vague. I feel like all I ever hear at the end of the semester is “we love what you do! do more of the same and then you’ll be exceptional! your quality is always great but your quantity is lacking!”
Henry Miller wrote in Quiet Days in Clichy, “Looking towards the Sacré Coeur from any point along the rue Laffitte on a day like this, an hour like this, would be sufficient to put me in ecstasy“. The majority of people in Paris taking a stroll from Boulevard Haussmann down Rue Laffitte would be like Miller, and stare gormlessly up towards Notre Dame de Lorette and the kitsch christmas cake at the top of the hill. To do this though would be to miss an exceptional office development at number 21. To be fair to Miller, this building was not even there when he went on his drunken walks, but there’s no such excuse today.
Anyhow, all you have to understand is that the wonderfully coloured marbles are found in plastic and make you more slim. And these bed sheets are made of plastic! Can you believe it? You must buy them, at least for the tiny marbles.
Cream organza and blue 4mm satin ribbon, butterfly, charm and gems - MeiFlower
So yes, today shall be Day One. Off I go liftingpullingflopping till I eventually rollllll :)
If you’re finally off of Earth-That-Was
Third thing. I need to stop being stupid about certain things. I have some people in my life that are not good for my well being. I need to just toughen up and get rid of them and move on. (Easier said than done, I know. I really suck at being mean for my own good). I also need to figure out how to get rid of my freaking neighbor. SUCH A WHACK JOB. He really is a BIG part of the annoyance in my life. He is so freaking creepy.
Mix the teriyaki sauce, five-spice and curry powders. Add half to the pork, turning to coat, and leave to marinade for 15 minutes.
Example C. Every semester that I teach a new class, I establish a microculture in my classroom. I learned the hard way that if rules are not explicitly set at the very beginning of class, the entire semester could be a disaster. My first solo teaching experience: I was given two weeks notice that I was teaching an Introductory Psychology course to 250 students. Needless to say, I was not prepared nor did I expect college freshmen to behave so immaturely. Since I am of small stature, female, and appeared young, it contributed to the problem. It is commonly known that these are the three factors that are most correlated to classroom management issues. Students would stroll in late, they would talk on their cell phones during class, and they would protest assignments and exams. I did recognize the problem early on, consulted with my teaching mentors, Dr. Ludy Benjamin and Dr. Stephen Balfour, and got my class whipped into shape by mid-semester. Other graduate students who came to my class described my students as polite, quiet, well-behaved, and almost like a military troop. A colleague also taught the same course, but she did not instill any rules. The misbehaviors in her class grew over the semester. Asking the department head to sit in on her class only exacerbated the problem. One student yelled obscenities at her during lecture, and neither the department head nor the lecturer addressed the issue. In the mind of the students, if the department head thought it was okay to be obnoxious and rude, then it certainly was acceptable classroom behavior. In conclusion, I now spend the entire class period the first day of class in every single class establishing the cultural norms of my microculture, and then we spend a day watching The Last Lecture by Randy Pausch. If you haven't watched the lecture (available on googlevideos or youtube), stop reading this article and watch it now. Randy Pausch's Last Lecture is one of the most motivating and useful lectures that is a must watch for both educators and students alike. Randy Pausch's lecture is a guide to how to live your life, how to nurture your relationships, and how to achieve your dreams. The purpose of watching the video is to establish expectations and classroom culture. Randy Pausch is not only a great lecturer, he's also models classroom behavior the way I would like.
It has been a few good days in Almaty and all the paper work is done so Asher can travel home with us. Yesterday we went to medical clinic so they could validate his health for the U.S. Embassy. He was a very good boy for the doctor and nurses; he didn’t even cry when they drew blood. Today we went to the U.S. Embassy to get his immigration documents and an entrance visa to the U.S. Once through immigrations in the U.S. he will officially be an American. So we are all set to travel home and Asher can not wait to see his sisters and brother. Actually we are all looking forward to be back home as one big happy family.
During my tenure as chair of the Contracts Committee, my overall goal was to strengthen the power of small businesses to do business and contract with the City. In that regard, I consider one of the most important bills to ever come before the Contracts Committee during my time at the New York City Council to be Local Law 129, (signed by Mayor Bloomberg in 2005). This law established the City’s goal to buy more goods and services from certified minority and women-owned business enterprises (MWBEs). This represented more opportunities for certified MWBEs to bid on public contracts, increase their capacity, and effectively contribute to the City's economy.
These are patterns listed for sale through myself for the pattern or through sandi for the yarn or a kit of yarn and pattern. You can find her on etsy at Twiggi knits
“The field for research and evaluation by historians, working in their specific area, thus remains open, also for the future. In this specific case it is comprehensible that there should be a request to have open access to all possibilities of research on the documents. … Yet for the complete opening of the archives – as has been said on a number of occasions in the past – it is necessary to organise and catalogue an enormous mass of documentation, something which still requires a number of years’ work.
I used feta, mozzarella, Parmesan cheese, and mixed with Kimchi fried rice, and baked in the oven.
Abby and I planted flowers, cucumbers and tomato plants. They all sprouted. 1/2 the flowers have now died, about 1/2 the tomato plants are gone...but the cucumbers are doing well. Until I dropped a shoe on the pallet and snapped 1/2 of them, anyway. I need to transfer them to real pots so they can thrive - but it's cold still outside and I'm procrastinating. My apologies Abby - your green thumb is being thwarted by my laziness.
Those are just a few of the questions I hear from my colleagues on a regular basis. Apart from a general techno-sensibility, I have a bit of a secret weapon when it comes to learning tips and fixing small problems. Much like the Wizard of Oz, who appeared to solve problems and grant wishes with pure magic, I seem to magically know the answers to quirky problems. Alas, I am not a genius. I am not a mystical being with ancient powers. Want to know my secret machine behind the curtain?
I have to admit that the first time I saw the footage, I was intrigued and entertained the idea that perhaps some evil geniuses master minded the fall of the towers from the inside using explosives. The History Channel had scientists that explained that the air pressure and heat inside the buildings caused the wind to push to the side before exiting out the windows. So what were are seeinng is air being pushed through the glass.
Mary Shelley
2. Put inspectors back into schools
what if I'm missing out
And Obama’s collusion with the banking system goes further than that. In 2010, Obama began actively pursuing negotiations with five of the largest banking organizations in the country, stating that he would drop all investigations into their mortgage-related crimes (which caused the 2008 financial crisis) in exchange for a one-time payoff of roughly 20 billion dollars to the American people.
- Some Brittle oils & Butters may become grainy in lip balms unless they are tempered - allowed to remain at a sustained temperature for a period of time (just like tempering chocolate). Heat and maintain a temperature of approximately 100 degrees for Cocoa and Mango Butter, 170-185 degrees for Shea Butter, for a minimum of 15 -30 minutes before cooling and adding to your recipe.
Haircuts- For many, many years I have cut everyone's hair in my family. When my older girls started making money babysitting they used some of their money for professional hair cuts. There was also a time when life was completely overwhelming me (having a baby at 44 just might do that to you....or maybe not!) and I took the boys in for hair cuts as well. Jeff generally goes to a barber now who has a ministry of fostering children, so Jeff feels like he is contributing to that ministry. Devin pretty much does all four boys hair now and does Kaelan's as well. You should spend a few bucks to invest in quality hair cutting scissors and trimmer. Devin and I both get our hair professionally done. Devin pays for her own and goes every other month or so, while I go 2-3 times a year.
16. Hey baby, how about some kissing lessons? I’m a professional amateur! ^+
McGriff was a terrific player who by the standards of history was a strong Hall of Fame candidate. Trouble is: history has changed.
Well, we were actually created with the foresight of doing good deeds. God actually tailored each person uniquely with specific talents and interests and personalities because he planned specific things for us to do. (Ephesians 2:10) But our good works should only ever be an expression of our love for Christ and our thankfulness that we are ALREADY saved, never ever a means of earning our salvation.
One of them was forever jumping straight up in the air. I think they should call him Pogo. I had to take all the photos from outside their enclosure because when I was in there, they were all over me. Their fur is so incredibly soft, and I love how they don't have the long skinny noses yet.
Published: 2011/11/28 07:27:09 AM
The villagers rounded up all their savings and bought all the monkeys. They never saw the man nor his assistant again and once again there were monkeys everywhere.
Was filled by sights and sounds,
Right now, until December 31st, 2010 when you donate to World Bicycle Relief your proceeds are matched. Meaning if you donate a $134 for one bicycle two bicycles are given. To donate a bicycle or money to World Bicycle Relief click here.
Constantly during his two terms, President George W. Bush was accused of ignoring our returning Veterans, not providing them with the adequate care they needed through the Veterans Administration, even accused of only giving “grossly substandard and unsanitary medical care” to our Wounded Warriors at Walter Reed Hospital in 2007.
Things are certainly coming along. I’m gaining ground in all of the areas I set out to improve 47 days ago when the year began. Here’s an update …
I think the Free From Food Awards are a wonderful, important thing, but next year I would like to see a few more nut frees, sesame frees, soya frees and egg frees alongside the no gluten and no dairy winners. That’s not just a challenge to the awards, it’s a rallying cry to the industry. Please?
It literally boggles my mind. These kids are getting all this financial aid and all of this opportunity to make it, and they’re wasting their time partying and watching TV. The professor’s even comment on the level of student apathy.
Maybe I'm scared. Just maybe.
Living with outhouses.
~Spread LOVE~
Bedlam erupted for the next few minutes as I tried to clean the wounds, Luke alternately howled at the pain, insisted he did NOT want stitches and speculated on how to fix the bike, Terry tried to inspect the damage and proclaimed that his chin would probably only require one or two stitches (in a tone that said he wasn't sure it was worth the bother if Luke didn't want them anyway) and Matt trying to shake enough sleep from his eyes to figure out why his brother was covered in blood.
"We all have our own life to pursue, our own kind of dream to be weaving. And we all have some power to make wishes come true, as long as we keep believing." ~ Louisa May Alcott
The only thing is, if I do get it, I’ll need to attend Fall 2012 as a full time student. This is another challenge for me. I’ve been on a two semester education leave due to my pregnancy and I had planned on starting Fall 2012 as a part time student. Well, I’m not going to over think things and just let God guide me.
The cog and cross were hand shaped and cut by me out of PMC (precious Metal Clay) and is now .999 sterling silver. I then fired the piece and added all the bangs and dents...because when God works in us he doesn't take away our past, he uses it for His glory!
So how do we navigate the process?
Add enough flour until the dough can be easily handled but sticky. (I find it's best to err on the sticky side. The dough will get less sticky as it rises. If you are using a stand mixer, it will not form a ball and clean the side of the bowl.)
The case is full of strange objects, an assortment of letters and papers
Just make sure you understand the etiquette beforehand. Sir L and I had a big night out in the Golden Gai and then were off to our first Ryokan in Shuzenji (a two hour train ride from Tokyo) the next morning. I had done a bit of reading about what to do in the Ryokan but still was a bit flustered when we arrived. Lancelot had no idea and when I told him that he had to wear the toe socks, yukata (a cloth-like kimono) and wooden sandals he laughed in my face. Then of course you have the wooden sandals for the communals parts of the ryokan and then the slippers for the loo and then the slippers to wear right before you put your street shoes back on. It's all quite confusing.
Do the little things count in the handmade industry? I think they do. Personally I think it's one of the attractions of buying from a small handmade business. I think it is what sets our industry apart from the impersonal nature of large corporations.
Sometimes the kids do it better than I do.
You know – Financial Reports – the documents and records pulled together by the motor company to track and review how much money the business is making (or not) with the purpose to update the lenders and shareholders. These reports are not very friendly or helpful explanations. More often they require an accounting degree because of the use of financial derivatives, contracts and instruments.
Tweet – Twat – Tit
"Mama, are those real tears on your face?"
"Yes, Sir!"
to gravity's invention;
If you disappear from the Internet, you disappear in general?
From Ashenvale to Orgrimmar, we weren’t constrained by anything as small or insignificant as a map, we fought, we played and then we, winners and losers danced on.
O Most High."
Debra Lynn Simon d/o Renn & Lora Marie Hebert
I read this, http://mismegs.wordpress.com/2012/04/29/why-i-run/, earlier today and it reminded me not to focus on running time all the time. Since this was race day, running times rule but I going to try to focus on the quality of the run not just the times. This is going to be difficult given my competitive nature. I have a business trip to Poland in a little over a week. Assuming we don’t work too many hours and/or have too many drinks with dinner, I hope to get at least 1 run with some pictures to show off. I will be in Częstochowa, Poland in southwestern part of the country. This will be my first trip to Poland, certainly not my first business trip, but still looking forward to the new place and meeting all the people in our office that I talked on the phone with for the last 4+ years.
Brief overview: The zombie apocalypse (a favorite of zombie fans everywhere--nearly a sine qua non of the zombie chic) has occurred turning the vast majority of the United States into small zones of the living sandwiched between large tracts of the Rot and Ruin of the title. Benny is the brother of one of the great zombie bounty hunters Tom, who he regards, for a variety of reasons as a coward. Benny is much more taken by his heroes Motor City Hammer and Pink-Eye Charlie. Benny needs to get a job by the end of the summer to continue on full rations and after trying out a number of possibilities finally approaches his brother for a position as apprentice. After the first experience in this apprenticeship Benny finds his world turned upside down. A little later it is turned upside down again when someone attacks his best friends.
5And there was given unto him a mouth speaking great things and blasphemies; and power was given unto him to continue forty and two months.
This story is a long way from ended, and I will update this post as necessary.
At the heart of Rio Conchos lies revenge – there’s essentially no nobility on show, nor very much in the way of finer feelings of any kind. The main character is Lassiter (Richard Boone), a former confederate Major who’s almost totally consumed with a killing rage sparked by the torture and murder of his wife and child by the Apache. This man hunts down and disposes of his enemy with a ruthless precision. The opening shots are of Lassiter calmly massacring an Apache burial party, before heading back to the ruins of his former home to get drunk amid the personal and physical devastation. He would appear content to spend the remainder of his existence extracting his pound of flesh every time the opportunity arose. But that’s not to be, as he finds himself coerced into participating in an army plan to recover a shipment of stolen rifles thought to be over the border in Mexico and soon to be sold to an eager Apache warlord, Bloodshirt (Rodolfo Acosta). Lassiter’s motivation, apart from a desire to get out of the army guardhouse, is the chance to even his personal score with Bloodshirt and he has no particular sympathy for the two cavalrymen, Captain Haven (Stuart Whitman) and Sergeant Franklyn (Jim Brown), that he’s guiding. Haven’s on a mission of vengeance too, being the man in charge of the original arms shipment that’s gone missing. His quest may be dressed up in the guise of duty, but there’s no hiding the fact that he too is seeking some form of recompense for the slight to his reputation. The party is completed by a Mexican rogue, Rodriguez (Tony Franciosa), whose involvement is quite simple: he’s out to avoid the hangman’s rope and hopefully line his pockets in the process. In the more traditional scenario, this ill-assorted group bound together by a common objective would include at least one member driven by some higher moral sense. Not in this case though; all (with the possible exception of the cipher-like Franklyn) are pandering to their own base instincts. Everything builds towards a surreal climax on the banks of the titular river, where a demented Colonel (Edmond O’Brien) twisted by the bitterness of defeat in the Civil War plots merciless retribution for his conquerors.
Meg pelted down the hill and jumped into the boat, tossing me the binoculars even though her hasty entrance had almost knocked me into the water. “You’re the smallest, so you have to watch out while Em and I dig.” She bossed me.
Entries accepted until May 10th, 2012 at 11:59pm Toronto time.
Ruth Walden, who teaches media law at UNC-Chapel Hill’s journalism school, is wrapping up the spring semester, and with it, a 31-year career in academia, most of them in North Carolina. At a going-away luncheon this week, Ruth estimated that she has taught 120 courses, or about 4,800 students, while at UNC.
If you know anything about us, you should know this. We are HUGE Wes Anderson fans. I believe the first one I ever watched was The Royal Tenebaums and I have been in love with his films ever since. This one is a more recent installment compared to the rest that we own. The whole concept of this movie is very strange and weird in true Anderson fashion. Most of his films revolve around weird and unusual family situations that are completely outside of the normal family unit. In this one, their father dies and their mother has joined a convent. The three borthers (Jason Schwartzman, Owen Wilson and Adrien Brody) go on a journey to bond and to try to find their mother that left to become a nun and didn’t attend their father’s funeral. The movie is filled with strangeness that cannot be explained and is completely worth watching.
Someone clearly had other ideas and a sunny dry spell long enough for an early visit to the site meant we could climb Newtimber with relative ease, taking heavy, burdensome items with us to discretely squirrel away amongst the scrub ready for later on. We parked up close by and began the ascent. Pheasant squawked up ahead from somewhere amongst the bright yellow Rape fields. The going was OK. In fact the earth below was a little slippery just like Kent Clay and littered with shards of flint and fragments of white limestone, hinting that the South Downs had similar origins to my beloved North Downs. I felt right at home.
We rushed home this evening from the San Juan County Fair so we can harvest vegetables tomorrow for market. I've been having a great time there. Joel and I entered a bunch of flowers and vegetables and weavings.
We have the Italian cookbook; it came packaged in a pizza box with a pizza cutter. The other book my mom bought was the Chinese cookbook. I came in a take box with a spoon - so cute! In addition to the 2 books we have, there's a Mexican cookbook too!
My next task was going to be giving up beef, but after my success with soda, I felt empowered. I wanted to tackle one of my bigger demons. So starting today: DAILY EXERCISE!
And, well…here’s where the falling down happened, yes? This is five skeins altogether of Primo Fingering–one of Well Preserved and four of Jazz Age–from The Plucky Knitter, which I’m eventually going to use to make a Rosabell cardigan. It was the Well Preserved that did it. I could not help but fall for that incredibly iridescent colorway. I really love this.
Thank you Sandy for this wonderful opportunity to cased you.
Advice from other writers is always interesting, but everybody works in their own way, so it may just not apply. For instance, Elmore Leonard has a rule that you should never start a story with the weather, but personally I like a story with a lot of weather in it; some of my favourite books begin with weather!
Place powder on your finger from out of the lid.
Nerf Gun War!
There are two membership levels available:
So, gathering all our waterproofs, we jump into the motor and set off for Cleeve Hill. Whether it’s sunny, wet, windy, icy, snowing or whatever, if ever I feel down, I can guarantee this place will always lift my spirits.
six miles away; Vanetta, Gauley Bridge,
Here's the basket before (perfect size I believe for baby laundry :) )
And all those casks. I chatted politely for as long as I could stand it, then excused myself to get a beer. I had -- that I can recall -- Portsmouth Whipper Snapper, Wachusett Black Shack Porter, Brains SA, Breconshire Cribyn, Meantime Yakima Red, Bray's Old Church Pale, and Gritty's Blue Porter...I think that was it. Half-pints, over three hours, and most under 4.5%. All very nice, though the Whipper Snapper and the Blue Porter stick out. I got a few in, filled up with the Yakima Red, and hung out in the foyer as I was introduced. Chris Lohring was there, and I asked him if he was available for tagging when I got into the cage match with the Alströms: he said he'd be on the turnbuckle waiting -- then grinned and noted that it was the first time he'd said the word "turnbuckle" in years.
“So,” Mrs Sulis returned her attention to me, “You’ve found MiMi?”
One of my current projects involves looking at language use in the context of describing a school’s goals related to intercultural education. This started with a small case study I was inventing for a workshop, but blossomed into a fledgling research project. “Respect” is a word that comes up frequently as a value to cultivate in the students in both the US and French cases I selected, and it becomes particularly relevant in dealing with differences: cultural, social, economic, intellectual, or physical. Some type of respect can be commanded through fear, and we also say that someone “earns” respect. If we want to improve the way we deal with differences, we are talking more about giving respect, about respecting as an action. It’s absolutely necessary and sometimes surprisingly difficult.
Traditionally Red Bull have switched their launch exhausts to their Melbourne spec in the last days of testing. It’s been mentioned by the team that there is a new exhaust system coming. This is no doubt partly the reason for the team delaying the last test and having a near private test (shared with Ferrari) on the last day.
Scanned from Portuguese magazine Século Ilustrado, No.485, June 28 1947.
This is where X: The Man with X-Ray Eyes comes in, because not only is this one of Corman's best-known horror flicks but also something that is considered one of Ray Milland's best performances - The Lost Weekend? Feh - his only special in that film was drinking. Here? X-ray vision, baby!
Are you a fan of zombies and video games, but recent games featuring zombies are not your type, because they all seem the same? Here's the solution!
Cakes and or stitching,
The Ministry of Oil will be trying to squeeze even more revenue out of future development contracts by closing one of the "loopholes" found in earlier contracts.
Minister is eager to achieve so why the talk of not following due
Name Your Link">Jason Reitman had some large shoes to fill when he began his film directing career. Jason’s father, Ivan made some fairly beloved movies during the peak of his career such as Kindergarten Cop and the Ghostbuster films. For all who have seen Jason’s films it may be safe to say he has surpassed his father in the art of movie making. His films, while funny and heartwarming touch on topics of relevance and seriousness that most people recognize or identify with.
The MP for Blyth Valley in Northumberland said: ‘I don’t think the Queen would want it. She is probably embarrassed.
Smoking is not the issue.
The book reveals the secrets of the restaurant empire Bastianich started with chef-partner Batali — which also includes Lupa, Esca, Otto, Del Posto and the juggernaut that is Eataly. It’s a behind-the-scenes look at how it runs, who their friends are, who their enemies are — and what cheap bastards they are.
Then I saw “a new heaven and a new earth,” for the first heaven and the first earth had passed away… And I heard a loud voice from the throne saying, “Look! God’s dwelling place is now among the people, and he will dwell with them. They will be his people, and God himself will be with them and be their God. ‘He will wipe ever tear from thier eyes. There will be no more death’ or mourning or crying or pain, for the old order of things has passed away.” -Revelation 21:1-4
“Plan your work and work your plan.” -Vince Lombardi, Green Bay Packers Head Coach 1959-1967
To be sure, the Bush administration actively sought out legal justifications, and often engaged in outright legal chicanery, in an effort to provide legal shelter of torture and rampant human rights violations. While this may have been due to the diffusion of the justice norm, that provides little succor to the victims of human rights abuses. American unwillingness to participate in the International Criminal Court not only undermines that justice norm it arguably subverts it altogether. This also lends credence to those who argue that the International Criminal Court is simply a tool for powerful states to prosecute human rights violators in the periphery. Indeed, most of the ICC indictments have been aimed at African violators. The case of Syria’s bloodthirsty dictator, President Bashar Assad, also demonstrates the ineffectuality of the court. While the diffusion of the justice norm has likely engendered a general sense that Assad should be held individually criminally responsible, the absence of an indictment demonstrates that major powers, like Russia and China, are simply not on board with the Court when it contradicts their interests. As Ignatieff notes, “creating an international court was supposed to rescue the possibility of universal justice from revenge frenzies, political compromises, and local partialities of national justice. International justice turns out to be as much the prisoner of international politics as national justice is of national politics.” Ultimately, Sikkink demonstrates that there has been a clear emergence and diffusion of the justice norm, but there is still a long way to go before this norm is unassailable and categorical. While, I agree with Sikkink that individual criminal accountability has been an increasingly accepted norm in international politics, I am less sanguine about the power of this norm in the face of American noncompliance. American compliance would certainly play an important role in the true universality of the court. Until then, Latin America serves as the most successful and desired model for individual criminal accountability for human rights violators.
We would do best to begin a process of self-knowledge and determine what we really want out of life. We need to clarify our values, needs and preferred life style. Having done so, we will then attract a partner with whom we can share whatever is important to us.
His tenderness confronts my frustration during our short journey to another world. Tender confrontation. They - my offspring - they are me. My Redeemer beckons me to so much beyond myself and my little life, but I hug my routine and vow I lack the energy to step on another path. How did predictability become my comfort? How very sad.
I didn't really know her.
Most consumers are deceived into thinking that what they are feeding their beloved pet is good, wholesome, nutritious food. The images on your pets bagged pet food or the images that flash across your television screen show big succulent pieces of chicken with an array of colorful vegetables.
However, after seven years of incoherency, tangents and lack of continuity, there is little evidence to suggest that this will ever happen.
The charges of leaking secrets each carry a potential prison term of 10 years, while the false statements charge carries a possible five-year prison sentence.
I started at the Bridge Pool. I've caught several 6-9" trout here over the last year, and felt confident I'd repeat that success. On my third cast, I caught the young smallmouth in the picture above. No hatch. No trout. I worked for another hour and a half, not seeing another angler (I've never seen another angler here), and covering about a thousand feet of river. For the first time since I started fishing here, I didn't even see a trout. I had one pool, the Sycamore Pool, left on this section. I had come into this outing both confident and relaxed. This was not going to plan. One thing was especially weird - I was getting divebombed by tree swallows. I've never seen them here before. They swooped, pulled up to avoid the trees on the opposite bank, and then looped in again. What in the hell were they doing here at all?
If you've read adoption blogs or know people who have adopted or have been adopted, you know that adoption is a whole lot of emotions. I'm thankful that Ruthie (and Eli) have a family, and that we get to be that family. But I hate that their lives have had to have so much trauma already. I never want to see my children afraid or scared - but sadly that's part of the process in becoming a new family.
“Oh just call me Fergie, everyone else does. I really wish my daughters could have seen you today. They’re away with their dad for the summer hols so they’ll have to wait until next year.”
07. Trouble Your Money (Shaken & Stirred 1985 Outtake Robert Plant)
the home of the Strange High House in the Mist and The Festival. Now, at long last, we move up the coast to visit decayed Innsmouth, a town that squats along the shore like a bloated toad seething with evil.
During a recent TV interview, speaking about this year’s Gay Pride Parade, I used an analogy that is inflammatory.
Lewis Schaffer? Really? Karen O.Novak
A good chunk of Dad 2.0 dedicated itself to the question of how to make the media, Hollywood and the business world recognize that 21st century fathers are capable and equal partners in parenting. The majority of the peers in paternity I know, for example, are every bit as able, sometimes even better, at all those things commercials, parenting magazines and most of our own parents would swear only moms can handle when it comes to child care.
I like men with character; if they also happen to look good, the universe gets a lolly. Gargoyles and carbuncles have interesting features and histories, to some people, and ordinary men blend into backgrounds to create the foundations of that thing we call society. I always wanted a man who could do the backstroke and butterfly right through the sludge…the trouble with men like that is that they are fragile. All the men who captured my attention got broken and I had to leave, or die.
we planned this trip back in february. 10 days out we looked at the weather. 80's and 70's during the day, 50's and 60's at night. the week leading up to it elicited pool days in the backyard. 3 days out, the forecast still looked promising, with high's still projected to be in the 70's, though there was a slight chance, 30%, of rain.
I’ll probably forget you, but it will take a long time. Jeans just aren’t the same. Thanks for the comfort.
He was a total champ BTW. I was about to type that he "took it like a man" but that just seems all shades of wrong. You know, because most men I know clench just at the thought of an enema.
the national and international news to the lower tiers of the media, and thus for the general public. Centralization within the top tier was substantially increased by the post-World War II rise of television and the national networking of this important medium. Pre-television news markets were local, even if heavily dependent on the higher tiers and a narrow set of sources for national and international news; the networks provide national and international news from three national sources, and television is now the principal source of news for the public. The maturing of cable, however, has resulted in a fragmentation of television audiences and a slow erosion of the market share and power of the networks.
Designed by Karin Lidbeck for Ct Homes and Gardens, photo by Michael Partenio
Lightweight – only 8g
For You are the Father’s Son
On the first disc is an interview with producer James B. Harris who talks about working with Stanley Kubrick and, of course, The Killing. Harris recounts how he met the director and the genesis of this film. He gives a nicely detailed account of several aspects of the production and his contributions.
Household/kitchen... Vera... toiletries... home decor...
The more I think about who we are as human beings, who are made in the image of God, the more I doubt this can really be part of our core identity. If anything, it is overlaid. But then, how could it be inescapable?
to keeping him safe must remain
OK so it's not a NEW song, but nevertheless, I have adopted it as my own.
The Nautilus passes through a waterfall into the dark ride portion of the sub attraction. It's so cool that there is a big "show building" that is completely covered in landscaping so that you don't even know it's there unless you really look for it.
Skylights with integrated photovoltaic cells produce a soft filtered light while also helping to power the house. Environmentally sensitive building materials such as sustainably harvested lumber and insulation made from denim manufacturing waste were specified throughout the home. Finally, the large meadows adjacent to the house have been replanted with native grasses and wildflowers which are drought-tolerant and also provide fire resistance.
Sometimes his smiles are so big that it just turns into a huge, gaping mouth. It's like he can't contain his smile and his face is about to split open from joy :)
About me – uh . . . I cannot spell – I am mother of three, wife to one and an only child – (booo for me)!! I am a self-proclaimed geek. I HATE to clean and I like to make messes – and start lots of projects that sometimes I never find the time to finish, but you probably want to know about why I am relevant to giving you advice in the photography realm. Because it makes me sound fancy, I will start with - I have a degree in photography. Yes – there is an actual degree in an accredited college for photography – but after reading the twelve weeks to better photos lessons I kinda feel like I got ripped off! The lessons are really awesome. I wish I would have known about them back in my “Elementary Photography” Days! So... I started taking pictures in 4-H and I am going to leave it at that, because I would rather talk more about the subject than me – because I am not that cool and light is – or it can be hot – but anyway . . .
Not something I want my little girl to go Trick or Treating in.
hoping it would start this
1 knocked
Aristotle, Rhet 1.5.16 A friend is one who exerts himself to do for the sake of another what he thinks is advantageous to him. A man to whom many persons are so disposed, has many friends; if they are virtuous, he has worthy friends.
But with way too little sleep,
—-Do you feel disconnected from people more than before because of technology?
If an injury to one is an injury to all, then injury to one has to be opposed by all.
From the dust jacket: Pat Nolan, an American man, is summoned to Paris to claim the body of his estranged daughter Megan, who has committed suicide. The body, however, is not Megan’s and it becomes instantly clear to Pat that Megan staged this, that she is in serious trouble, and that she is calling to him for help.
George Mason University has this 'Speech Accent Archive' where, on this page, they have soundfiles of many different English speakers from various corners of the English-speaking world. Each speaker is recorded reading the same paragraph, and you can listen to the recording and compare the way speakers pronounce the words, according to their geographic origins. The paragraphs are also transcribed, for each speaker's recording, into the International Phonetic Alphabet, representing how each word is spoken.
With the ever increasing knowleged gained in the field of genetics there are so many new experiments being conducted where we asks ourselves if we are playing God? From a purely scientific point of view it can be argued that we are not. We are after knowledge and should it be taboo when we experiment to learn more or do more good for society?
3) Exercise! I really do like working out…once I get into it. It’s getting into it that seems to be my current road block. I will do really well for about a week and a half and then fall flat on my face. I know that I feel so much better in so many ways when I exercise. I benefit both mentally and physically. So what in the world is my problem??
“Do you miss your daddy? Is that why you’re so sad?” Bob looked up from the paper in his hand, pushing the large paper into his lap a little so he could see over it.
Thomas Hardy, Tess of the D’Urbervilles – I’ve read other Hardy, but not this one
‘We are in the shadow of this transcendental object at the End of Time; we are all gathered here at the endgame of processes — we are about to become unrecognizable.’
Narrow shelves held jars full of seeds, herbs, beads, rocks and pottery. There was a rug on the kitchen floor, two old iron burners for a stove, a sink with only cold running water, chairs of mixed breeds, the floors and walls tipping crazily in every direction, just like the town, buckling up and stretching and collapsing without a straight line to be seen anywhere.
My group left just a bit later at 7:20 and drove to Marzoni's in Duncansville. Bill was brewing a batch of Avalanche IPA today and we arrived in time to see the transfer of the mash liquor to the brew kettle. Bill graciously and patiently answered several questions from the students, gave them a tour of the facilities, and then took us to the bar for a sampling of the Marzoni's lineup. Today's specials were the Scotch Ale and a great Maibock. After the sampling, several students took turns raking grain out of the mash tun.
In a bottle,
A lot can be learned about a culture when wandering a local market where few tourists tread. The food, dress and even how a culture celebrates can be revealed. Xochimilco, located in the far south of Mexico City and famous for its canals, has a sprawling market.
Well good news ladies .. RENT THE RUNWAY .. let's you get all the new looks for a fraction, and i mean a fraction of the cost ! ! (try $75 for a $1500 dress) .. they send you the dress of your dreams in 2 different sizes and you can rent up to 4 dresses (so 8 b/c they send you 2 of each size) at a time ..
I wanted to make a king cake for Mardi Gras, and after looking at a number of recipes, I discovered that it doesn't really matter what you put in the cake but the dough is always the same - active yeast required. The last (and only) time I made a king cake the traditional way, it ended up about as dense as a bagel. I have no luck when it comes to baking with yeast, but everyone loved that king cake. It was hard to chew, but tasted great!
1034 N MILWAUKEE
22. Dreamer - The Arena Drive
thirty years since true love called me home;
Thats it from me for today peeps thanks for taking the time to drop by and say hello, have a fantastic week & happy crafting everyone :-)
It's 1984, I'm thirteen years young and waiting impatiently in the front seat of my dad's car while he queues in Pizza Hut to collect the Saturday night take away. I turn on the radio and my ears are blown away by the arching synth sounds of New Order's Blue Monday. I have always been drawn to synth based pop. I can remember feeling mesmerised by Kraftwerk's The Model aged ten and a fan of groups like Tears For Fears, Scritti Politti and Propaganda as a middling teenager.
… I firmly believe that the two teams chosen for such a playoff (or occasioanlly (sic) more than two, if my Flex Playoff proposal ever takes hold…which of course it won’t) should be chosen based on who has had the best season on the whole. Not “who would beat whom according to the imaginary game pollsters just played in their heads.” The more legitimacy Power Polling has early in the season, the more likely that legitimacy is going to seep into late-season polls and the more likely pollsters’ imaginations are going to play a part in determining who plays in the national championship game.
It was nice and supper 'funny' as always~~~ I already miss them soooo much ♥♥
“Courage is resistance to fear, mastery of fear - not absence of fear.”
Pichet's cake is always perfectly moist, and the frosting is generously and gorgeously spread on without overpowering the cake. I will say I prefer the cupcakes at room temp, so give yours some warm-up time after emerging from the refrigerated display case. And eat a chocolate chip cookie while you wait.
Sam Twiston-Davies
She will no doubt give her full support for his statements that he is willing to bring in additional anti-union laws to prevent trade unions fighting his savage cuts policy, and that a general strike will be illegal.
The downsides of the game, ending aside, is the lack of interaction with characters on the Normandy ship itself. I missed the times when you can go up to a character and a whole bunch of dialogue options would be available for Shepard to ask the other squad members. Instead, you get the occasional dialogue choices but most of the time you are just clicking on a character to hear a random set of responses coming out of the character’s mouth with maybe Shepard responding automatically to the banter. The new rolling in and out of cover in the game play portion is annoying and clumsy. There were times I rolled my Shepard out of cover when I really wanted her to duck behind objects or pop out to shoot the enemy. The other thing I didn’t like was how EMS relied on playing the apps or online multiplayer. You can do every single side mission, scan every single planet for war assets and resources to contribute to your EMS rating in single player, but you will still come up short in getting the Easter Egg cut scene at the end of the destroy option of the game. I know I didn’t get it and I did a 100% perfect playthrough for this game. The fact that the developers said you won’t need to play online multiplayer to get the “best ending” is really a flat out lie. Like most players have said, to force online multiplayer on people who don’t want to play multiplayer for an RPG game is a bad business move. Of course, the extra scene really isn’t much of anything. I YouTubed it and even then the extra scene is disappointing even though the scene is meant to give the player hope?
I could live in Jerusalem.
The low-energy dwarf star will live on for billions of years, much longer than our sun, he said. And that just increases the likelihood of life developing on the planet, the discoverers said.
Aspie score in this section: 8 of 16
that he was in communication via phone and SMS with
I remember the feeling of sheer terror as I walked down the stairs to the basement in our house on Broadway. It just got worse as I got closer and closer to the looming mound of laundry that my sister and I were told to fold. There on that large table, which could sit about 15 people, was a mountain of laundry belonging to at least seven or eight people. I don’t know what we did wrong but the task seemed like a form of punishment. It was a task that if completed, could take nearly three hours. Mind you, we were slow, we hated it that much.
Much better, but the top was driving me nuts! I suppose credenzas like this were used as an all-around party area; the lid opens to reveal six cup holders and the turntable, so I assume people also used the top of it as a bar. The top was completely ruined with black water stains that I couldn't remove with the sander, so I sanded out what I could and stained it anyway, just to see. But it looked terrible so I turned to Google for help, and everything told me to brush on a few coats of bleach until it was light enough, and then re-stain.
I bought it in the Lewes Flea Market, which isn't usually a terribly rewarding venue books-wise, mostly housing shonky book club editions in amongst its random selection of furniture and knick-knacks. Cuts stood out by dint of its distinctive jacket; the cover painting – and therefore the dustjacket, as the painting virtually is the jacket, and vice versa – is by Tom Phillips, a very well known artist and Royal Academician, so it's necessarily a different kind of jacket to the previous two books. On top of that, it dates from an era before Quark XPress and InDesign and Photoshop and online image libraries and indeed computers being used in the design process at all, really. Which seems strange, I know, but once upon a time that's how things were: when I was on my art foundation course at Ravensboune in 1988, the design students were still focused on quaint things like pens, paper and rulers. Computers just didn't figure in the equation.
A book for the serious reader aged 7+.
Hi,
(In case you don’t know Jackson, he’s the playboy charmer hero of TEMPTED BY BLOOD. The events here occur before the book opens…just so you’re clear he’s not a total ass.)
He achieves nothing.
"So soon?" I stall and stare wide-eyed at him. How does he transition the way he does? I never knew anyone could do it so smoothly and quickly.
I say the song went this way: O prolong
But you've seen one, haven't you? Really? You just asked that? Dude, I'm writing that one down...
I love the natural high I get when my body releases endorphins
Thank you Kerry for giving me your time
Other than checking on food and water, that’s it for the daily care. At night, we don’t even have to herd them into the hen house anymore – when the sun goes down, they automatically go inside.
Cowering. Hiding somewhere. On the run. Under the radar. Low key for a lil while.
It’s funny, my kids love Winnie the Pooh only through the stuffed animals I’ve given them but they haven’t actually seen a classic video yet. However, they are still looking forward to seeing it in the theaters! How about you?
This post will be a comparison of Tallahassee to Portland. I’ll post some pictures too. Don’t worry, I will talk about my Moellership nonprofit soon! I start work next week and am meeting my coworkers tomorrow. I really hope I get to work on the CLASS (Creative Leadership Achieves Student Success) Project and that I get to research teacher preparation programs.
My reason for this post is a question I have. If a sock gets lost or a pair of shorts are misplaced, is it my fault? One day, hubby asked if I had seen his black shorts. In my mind, I said, "I don't wear your shorts, so no, I haven't seen them." Hubby heard me say, "No, I haven't." A couple of days later, he asked, "Did you find my shorts?" Before I realized it, I snapped and said, "I haven't been looking for them!" Was I supposed to look for his shorts? I'm sure a good wife would have - I guess I'm not if looking for shorts is a prerequisite for being a "good" wife. The lost pair of shorts are not underwear shorts, but a nice pair of black casual wear shorts. Anyway....I asked him if he looked in the closet and the chair where I sometimes throw laundry until I feel like hanging it up. He said he looked eeeeverywhere! My curiosity got the best of me, so I got up from my computer with a big sigh and went on a hunt for the shorts. Low and behold, the first place I looked, there they were - neatly placed on the back of the chair with a bunch of other clothes waiting to be put in their proper place. I held them up and asked if they were the shorts he was looking for. He examined them and held them out to see the size (no one in the house wears his size) and said, "Wow, they must have just gotten there, because I looked there." Really? Whatever!
This has been a bittersweet birthday. One that started 18 years ago with a girl younger than her, choosing a life for her and her baby. Now I have to learn how to let go and let her choose, but find the balance of always being there and loving her. It becomes a blur of your dreams for her and what her dreams are and the tightrope walk of standing your ground on respect but yet letting her fall if she has to. How do you let someone fall that you have always caught???
AEI Services To Sell Its Interest In Operating Companies 12
Some things you should know before you begin your ‘last-minute celebration’:
*Aesthetic appreciation/ Pleasures of the mind
To roast bone marrows, Pig Flyin' suggests you clean the bones as much as you can and then soak them in cold water in the fridge for a night to leech out any blood. Bake in a 180C-200C for about 25 minutes or until the marrow starts to pull away from the bone.
This site is in Loving Memory of MY Grandmother: Lentina. May she Rest In Peace. This site is here to help Seniors and their Families and Friends. Housing, Meals, Assistance, Awareness, and we are open to suggestions. Feel free to leave us a comment or question and we will research it for you if we do not have the answer. Thank you ALL for visiting. I believe in early to bed, early to rise, Always put your Best Foot Forward, You get what you pay for, if your NOT satisfied, return it, And if you don't have tiem ot do something right the first time, why should you think you'll have time to go back and do it again!
It ends within minutes
If people want to prove whether or not the Mayan calendar really is inexorably tied to the fate of the planet, why not check to see if the world began existing on August 11, 3114 BC? I mean it must have, right? That's when the Mayan calendar starts.
Am I joking?
Can I go over a month without not feeling sick?
The blonde-haired man pinched the bridge of his nose tiredly. “Is this theory going anywhere, Bert?”
Not only did we have the news of Roger Joining us on the day, but we also had the news of a much younger Conservative activist making the sensible decision to join UKIP in the attractive shape of Alexandra Swann, who until last October was Deputy Chairman (Political) for Conservative Future. Both made excellent speeches and both were warmly welcomed by the UKIP members.
The first questioner asks “Was it the case when you were writing Riddley Walker that you were in analysis and you would take along chapters to read aloud?”
Construction: Limited mobility. Let me show you some close ups.
This book was recommended to me by my friend (Angela of Reading Angel) and since I trust trust trust her opinions about books, I became so excited to read it. Fortunately (have I told I am so lucky lucky?) I won the book in one of her giveaway. Told you I'm lucky! =)
*And, he may or may not have tried alligator as an appetizer. He may or may not have been kissed by me later that night (I’ll
For a few moments as the green cloud spawned from P's flatulence floated around and fell down upon me I soon realized that what I was smelling was the end result of my hairdresser's Mexican food binge. I mean, really, should a hairdresser really be eating Mexican food? No wonder there wasn't anyone here today.
12:30AM: My friend’s phone kept going straight to voicemail. I rang the doorbell repeatedly. Nothing. So, I sat on the apartment steps and tried to pretend like I wasn’t actually sitting outside in the freezing rain.
1. One grocery trip per week with the purchase only of dairy, produce (mostly fruit and lettuce), and as little bread as possible.
I woke up this morning to a good 3 to 4 inches. Off to work with no problem until I found myself behind three buses all on the same route, all with the same route number. Result? Well congestion, and lots of it. It took ages before the vast queue of traffic could, bit by bit, overtake it. What got me was that two of them were from the same bus company – competing with each other to pick up the non-existent passengers.
Also, I promise I'll be buying a new scanner soon and I'll try to scan more when I'm visiting my mom's house where my old scanner is. Any suggestions for a cheap scanner would be welcome, don't want to spend too much on one.
The strawberry mixture is great on pancakes too!
Did I like it? Yes
See this. I didn't put an egg in the center, but put some walnuts and almonds candied with honey in the center.
There are ways, there are solid, well-thought out ways, as to how we can cut the military budget without affecting any rational notion of security. But the right wing just won't listen to them - and neither will a lot of supposed moderates and liberals.
Once plant gets tall and spiky, and first tiny green flowers appear it is time to harvest. Garden gloves and a large basket is all that is needed. Stems break easily, but can also be pulled with roots as plant only becomes more invigorated by this disturbance! Dried in the drafty shade, the leaves are brittle within a few days - ready for the final step of the process.
By my reading that’s about 75 driving miles. Depending on the time of day, if he put the pedal to the metal on 360 (as is customary in that part of the state) he could have gotten to Mahareen Drive in a little over an hour.
But if you have enough time to rest the dough, you will get tastier naans by mixing maida (plain flour) with a bit of sugar and salt, a teaspoon of ghee or butter, a little cream, a little yoghurt and a bit of yeast. If you do not want to use yeast, you can again just make a dough with soda water. Rest this dough in a warmish place, so it can rise. If using yeast, let it rise for at least 8 hours.
(They must be from Arkansas…)
Every tear you shed that no one saw
Very far from the Brothers Wright,
immortal - The Bottom Lounge, Chicago, IL USA ( 22.02.2011) 2 DVD
I Could Write A Book, Betty Carter and Ray Bryant
Not everyone with BPD was neglected by their parents, but if you were, it’s abuse. Below is an excerpt on Child Abuse, from MedicineNet.com :
I informed the car magazine that I write for as a freelancer about my name and gender change. They were very nice and had no problem with a new byline. The last two articles I wrote were published under my old name, next months will be the first as April. If you are in Canada check out your news stand for World of Wheels, I am sure you can guess which are my stories.
Use a GPS-System-Based-Tracking-Gadget to Make Driving a Thrilling Activity
I was feeling overall confident about how it has played out thus far until the death of this little girl rocked my world. Obviously kids can have completely separate lives from what their parents ever see. Her parents say there were no signs. I saw several status messages that referred to her committing suicide and that no one would care. Even worse, out of her over 100 friends on there, not one commented back that they did care or suggest she talk to someone or tell her parents! Why wasn't anyone paying attention?!?!?
Title: Devil’s Food Cake Murder
How was your Easter weekend?
Some improvements may be a bigger battery for longer usage time, and more Angry Birds playtime. It also leads to a bigger and better camera sensor with at least a five megapixel CMOS sensor. Also the retina display which is bigger, better, and larger than the iPad 2 display. Rumor is the iPad 3 may be slightly bigger to compensate for the higher resolution screen. More news as it comes in you will know, be sure to rss or follow on twitter for latest news.
Underwater plumes of oil and the dispersant Corexit are worse beneath the surface. It hasn’t gone anywhere, just settled on the gulf floor, and the toxins penetrated the food chain. The true number of dead marine mammals may never be accounted for. To BP it’s merely burying the evidence. Many believe the same fate awaits them as those who suffered in the wake of the Exxon Valdez spill, because the Government is unwilling to do what’s needed to prevent this from happening again.
Homemade delicious looking fudge that includes two of my favorite foods, chocolate and peanut butter. Now I'm a baker and I recently got a kitchenaid mixer but there are a few foods I'm afraid to try making for fear of messing them up and fudge is one of them, so I don't get it often. Theres no real substitute for homemade fudge either. Can't buy it in the store and chocolate fudge truffles are not REAL fudge. I miss it, it's been a really long time... probably over a year and a half since I have had real fudge. Now I really want some... darn it.
This is one of my favorite poems by English poet, Lord Byron:
Men just think differently, I think it has to do with that Y chromosome. In my personal situation, my husband is not a multi-tasker...all attention is focused on what is right in front of him at that time. He also suffers from selective hearing!
Don't quit your day job, though--because you won't make much without working 16 nonstop hours a day (though a determined writer could easily make $300 to $500 a week writing for DS working about 6-8 hours a day, five days a week.) Still, if you can write on the side, or if you're lucky enough to have a working spouse who can afford to support you as you start your career, content mills present one option to help you get moving in the right direction.
watch the demons flee.
PC aren't immune either, they're in panic mode trying to figure out how to stop the bleeding. Overall the leadership in the PC is the strongest, but we're also talking about a government that's used to winning and everyon nkows, where you settle, there you die.
Lovely isn't it?
Then we checked the names and positions on our maps.
What. The. Fuck. OK. I've lived here a long time. You don't allow me a calendar but I know it has been ages. So why do you have such a large head and such a small brain that you can 'own' me and not understand? Every fucking morning, EVERY fucking morning, once you are on my radar, I let you know that I'm here and that I have needs. You keep me in a mother fucking cage, bitch! How can I meet my needs without you?! I need hay. I need that shit like you need those bottles of wine I see you drink. So give it to me.
What most foreign observers have also failed to spot is just how much PASOK support has fallen: there has been some recovery during April, but their last poll rating was still poor at 17.8%. Just under two-thirds of all Greeks don’t intend to vote for either ‘main’ Party….and looking at PASOK alone, we can see that four out of five won’t vote for Venizelos. That’s more than enough for ND’s Samaras to form a solid Coalition government.
"Have a seat, take a load of your feet!"
I am happy to have had the opportunity to ask Shannon a few questions and honored that she graciously took the time to answer them.
I’m a worthless check, a total wreck, a flop,
i used just over half of my Colour Wheel Charm swap charms to make this quilt. i’m not sure what i’m going to do with the leftover charms yet.
Congratulate myself on healthy choice and resolve to consume only sushi and water from now on.
So yesterday Matt let me sleep in an extra 30 minutes or so! The girls ran and jumped on my bed yelling "Happy Birthday Mommy" to wake me up. It was delightful.
I throw the gag back on and meander to the window. I’ve never been so high above town before. The lights of the five-star hotels and the shopping centers sparkle in sickles on the crescent bay, the blazing facades of the dinner-show boats coasting on the light. Tell you what, if this was my place I’d have a new girl in here every night. And none of these rubes still smelling like buffalo shit, either. Real class broads used to the finer things, who wouldn’t go gaping out the windows. I’d get me a stereo and a TV and a Burmese maid who’d scuttle around on her knees. I wouldn’t live like a barbarian like fatty here. But maybe that’s how farangs are. Who knows, what with all those twacked-out stories about their uncivilized ways you hear. Vacuum Man has quit with the blubbering. The building goes dead silent again. By the time Jae calls, it’s creeping me right the hell out.
Mayor Bing recently told Michigan radio talk show host Paul W. Smith that he is willing to consider a new idea from Newt Gingrich. Gingrich spoke at the 2010 Mackinac Policy Conference in late May where he suggested making Detroit a “tax-free” city for ten years. It would certainly be unprecedented for a mayor of Detroit to adopt such a radical supply-side economic approach. Even expressing interest in such a prominent conservative such as Gingrich is very un-Detroitian.
We’re about “srs bsns” here, people. We’re talking about aid work and advocacy and influencing Congress. We’re not talking about C-list actors that I happen to find attractive. We’re not talking about how blue their eyes are or how their li—focus, Lauren, focus.
RODRIGUEZ: Is she sick?
The immediate splash of fruit and flowers in the mouth soon gave way to a very strong rye flavor, which really made this beer interesting. If the fruity-floral top notes were a bit of "mouth candy", the rye made it more mature and full. Not much of a finish on this one, though.
If you are totally caught up with all assignments and you have passed all required Brainbench certifications, you may work on a project of your own. First year two-hour block graphic design students need to pass (2.75 or above) Brainbench Computer Fundamentals, Computer Literacy, and Adobe Photoshop. First year all afternoon graphic design students need to pass Brainbench Computer Fundamentals, Computer Literacy, Adobe Photoshop, Adobe Illustrator, and Adobe InDesign. First year web students need to pass Brainbench Computer Fundamentals, Computer Literacy, HTML or CSS, and Web Design Concepts.
SH: I guess someone who wants cigarettes is out of luck because there’s no day of the week that starts with “c.”
OK, corny segue, but...people should feel weird to pass your book by! It's a gripping read with a touching friendship between Hastin and Nandita the elephant, who are both trapped by their circumstances. You'll root for Hastin from page one and you will be astounded (yet not really surprised) by his courage during the final can't-put-the-book-down scenes.
I’m appreciative of both the protestors and the show’s writers for this: together, they raised a really interesting question about what stories need to be told and who has the right to do the telling. I remember a former coworker (not here) ranting about Jonathan Franzen’s novel The Twenty-Seventh City and his lead character being Indian. She took great offense at his decision to “talk about something he knows nothing about.” At the Romantic Times convention this year in Columbus, I met a group of really wonderful women who wrote gay male erotica, and I won’t lie: that totally confused me. And I think everyone here has read at least one first person narrative where the author writes from the perspective of someone of a different gender and the whole thing feels inauthentic.
The website reports that Cedars-Sinai hospital offers a variety of VIP suites, with the best featuring three bedrooms and two bathrooms.
I am canning the motif of the movies I review being connected to one another in some capacity. That was harder to deal with than I thought. Aside from some sequels probably being reviewed back to back, the movies selected from here on out will be chosen on a whim.
I love the versatility of it and the creamy texture (which lends itself well as a substitute sour cream/mayo). You can use it in savoury and sweet dishes. Make a sauce/dressing, avocado chocolate pudding, avocado chocolate smoothie, add it to salads, add it to wraps, sandwiches, seaweed rice rolls (maki), and my favourite guacamole. And if you can’t be bothered with any of that, I also like eating it straight straight out of the shell. My boyfriend loves to just slice it in half, remove the pit and pour a bit of olive oil and sea salt (Yes, double good fats). It makes for a quick breakfast or snack. It might sound strange at first (it did to me), but try it. Yum!
it might not be inspired, but i fucking loved cambodia and thailand. problem is, when it came to the former i didn't spend enough time there and when it came to the latter i just went to the same place every time cos it's so freaking perfect.
Books finished since last update: 0
It is estimated that more than two hundred thousand soldier clones in various stages of development were eliminated.
of us dirty-kneed and
Come check out our video at http://www.give1save1.com/! Then SHARE with everyone you know! If you would like to help us with our adoption funds, you can donate your $1 by click "Donate your $1 right here".
Trim/Ribbon: May Arts
Shortly after the January earthquake, Project HOPE sent a team of experts from Mass General Hospital to evaluate how to best contribute to rebuilding health capacity in Haiti. They advised us to focus on rehabilitation needs for survivors near the quake’s epicenter. Since then, HOPE has been working to build a comprehensive Rehabilitation Center at the Adventist Hospital (HAH), together with partners Christian Blind Mission and Prosthetika.
A couple of developments in beer worth noting and deriding. It appears the People’s Front of Judea has inspired the creation of the Judean Peoples Front & the Popular Peoples Front. Namely CAMRA are not the only beer club to dismiss and deride anymore. Now there is CAMRGB & Craft Beer UK to have a pop at on the blogosphere. Now when having a pop at the “beards and sandals brigade” I shall have to define which popular people’s front these odd balls are associated with rather than just assume. Zak Avery has beaten me to blogging about this exciting development. But I thought a little cynicism and scorn of my own wouldn’t go amiss.
But that is just a small part! Before each game you must have roll call. The kids are supposed to be at the field two hours before the game starts. You are two and half hours late already. Roll check consists of clean shoes, gloves, hat, extra safety pins, band aids, stomach medicine, blankets, batons and flags, and last but not least the music. And the one thing they usually forget, especially if it is a home game, is their instrument. Now you have to go all the way across town to get it.
These are located just off of the beginning of the 3 mile drive, over by a pond that has a statue of a pelican in it. These steps used to be wood and dirt till this year.
We welcome back our wonderful monthly sponsor...
I think we might all be able to agree that generosity is a good thing. It is good to give to others. I read that we are all born with a natural empathy for other human beings. We don't like to see other people hurting. Babies, in clinical tests, were noted as showing great stress if their mothers were sad and crying. We are born being able to recognize when others are hurting and with concern for their needs.
The Congressional Budget Office reported in January that taxes would increase by $4.6 trillion over ten years, if Congress allows the rates to rise as scheduled at the end of this year.
Whatever it is I would recommend that every girl – young or not so young – should read this book.
Dr. Paul’s platform is a very cohesive one – the positions all fit together: sound money, free markets, limited government, peace, prosperity, non-interventionism, etc. It seems that one could not claim to agree with certain positions, while supporting others that will directly or indirectly undermine those first positions.
The clock is ticking down.... almost time for VC Rocks 2012. The ladies on Facebook are in the starting gates, ready to race into all the activities of the VC Season.
The plot: A year after the Gods won an epic battle against the Titans, there is a new evil threat shadowing their lands. This evveil is in the form of a mad and crazy for power King Hyperion (Mickey Rourke) who declares war on all of humanity in his quest to find the legendary and powerful Epirus Bow which will give him the power to unleash the Titans that have been bastilled deep inside the walls of Mount Tartaros. In comes Theseus (Henry Cavill) – a peasant who has been secretly chosen by Zeus (God of the Sky) to save his people from the wrath and destruction of King Hyperion. Zeus believes that Theseus is the only hope for defeating King Hyperion.
What's your prayer or hope for the week ahead?
As part of my journey working on this project, I had the pleasure of corresponding a little with Michael Gray, and just found out that he conducts these amazing weekends at his home in France where you can vacation, eat good, drink lots of wine, and engage in intelligent conversation with an amazing Dylan expert: Michael Gray. For anyone interested in that sort of thing… check this out:
Getting rid of and changing negative thought patterns isn't easy in the beginning, I KNOW. How? Because I have been there.
I dry embossed a piece of cream cardstock with my cuttlebug and a sizzix folder, then highlighted the embosing with a direct to paper techinque, using orange ink. Then I adhered the ribbons and rick-rack. There was a reall fun, happy accident with this big, chunky rick-rack. It doesn't CREASE so well, so it pops itself off of the card front in a really charming way. I could've glued it down flat, but I really like this effect.
He was a gentleman and let me finish first knowing how much it meant to me, though because I'd crossed the start mat a second or two before he did, we finished with exactly the same times!
STYLE QUOTE: “Style is an expression of individualism mixed with charisma. Fashion is something that comes after style.” -John Fairchild
Herb of your choice, for flavoring (I used Rosemary)
It's one of my favourite flavour seasons of the year now . . . Aspagarus season! The shops are slowly beginning to stock fresh British Asparagus, which I believe is the most delicious tasting asparagus in the world!!
The third paragraph (13:6-9), then, brings up a natural question one might ask at this point: is it so bad if people get caught up in the beauty of creation, since it’s such a beautiful reflection of God’s beauty? If God is so great, doesn’t He want us enjoying His creation? Doesn’t our respect for creation somehow translate automatically into respecting God? The answer is a sharp no. If someone is wise enough to appreciate the beauty of creation, he/she is wise enough to ask the next questions – “who made this?” and “how do I know him?”
Cary Grant
8:30 ish- I do a load or two of laundry (it is hard to keep a family of 5 up-to-date with clean laundry), try to catch up on the hub’s and kid’s day, and clean up the kitchen mess from dinner. Look at the rest of the messy house and sigh. That mess will have to wait for another day.
So for anyone looking for some handyman work at their home, dont hire this fraudulent fool.
On the 15th day of October, 1846, while with the Camp of Israel building up Winter Quarters, on the west side of the Missouri River (then Indian country,) I passed through one of the most painful and serious misfortunes of my life. I took my ax and went two and a half miles upon the bluff to cut some shingle timber to cover my cabin. I was accompanied by two men. While felling the third tree, I stepped back of it some eight feet, where I thought I was entirely out of danger. There was, however, a crook in the tree, which, when the tree fell, struck a knoll and caused the tree to bound endwise back of the stump. As it bounded backwards, the butt end of the tree hit me in the breast, and knocked me back and above the ground several feet, against a standing oak. The falling tree followed me in its bounds and severely crushed me against the standing tree. I fell to the ground, alighting upon my feet. My left thigh and hip were badly bruised, also my left arm; my breastbone and three ribs on my left side were broken. I was bruised about my lungs, vitals and left side in a serious manner. After the accident I sat upon a log while Mr. John Garrison went a quarter of a mile and got my horse. Notwithstanding I was so badly hurt, I had to mount my horse and ride two and a half miles over an exceedingly rough road. On account of severe pain I had to dismount twice on my way home. My breast and vitals were so badly injured that at each step of the horse pain went through me like an arrow. I continued on horseback until I arrived at Turkey Creek, on the north side of Winter Quarters. I was then exhausted, and was taken off the horse and carried in a chair to my wagon. I was met in the street by Presidents Brigham Young, Heber C. Kimball, Willard Richards, and others, who assisted in carrying me to the wagon. Before placing me upon my bed they laid hands upon me, and in the name of the Lord rebuked the pain and distress, and said that I should live, and not die. I was then laid upon my bed in the wagon, as my cabin was not yet done. As. the apostles prophesied upon my head, so it came to pass ; I did not die. I employed no physician, but was administered to by the elders of Israel, and nursed by my wife. I lay upon my bed, unable to move until my breast-bone began to knit together on the ninth day. In about twenty days I began to walk, and in thirty days from the time I was hurt, I returned to my laborious employment.”
If you considerably diminish your native cheese's desirability, you increase your chances of not being despised when you cover your nose and begin coughing as the rancid milk product enters the room, followed by a wafting trail of green smoke.
They turned out SO pretty!
2. I liked to sing in the choir.
5. Doo Dah
Thomas Edison was a great inventor, a prolific inventor, and an inventor that didn’t mind swooping in like a vulture to grab ideas to quickly patent whether or not they were necessarily his own. Edison holds a world record 1,093 patents, but a load of them were crap, and some of the best were stolen. There are so many patents Edison holds for things he claimed to invent that the bandwidth requirements needed to discuss each in depth are staggering. This is the easy way out – Edison did not invent the light bulb. End of story – sorta.
Thank you, Yeshua
Work the next two days were incredibly hard. I have a difficult job as it is, challenging to navigate the work itself but you throw people’s personalities on top of it and I’m done. Sometimes I just reach my limit and it was that week. A perfect storm of stress, emotions, and physical exertion. I hit that wall so fast, and so hard I never saw it coming. I seemed the same on the surface but underneath, it was blank. I didn’t go back to the gym until Saturday, 4 days later, and only spent about 30 minutes there doing some cardio.
On the hand, whenever faced with that age old question: Which came first? (Chicken or the egg? The Gods or mankind?) I’ve always tended to answer “Yes.” Why? Because when both are inextricably linked, a specific causality doesn’t matter to anyone except those who prefer the exact letter of the law to the spirit of it. As I see it, we would not exist were it not for the gods, however, the gods would not exist were it not for our belief and myths. Sort of a theological perpetual motion machine without any real beginning or end. It, we, they, simply are.
- 300 ml warm water
I have stood by my colleagues in the New York City Council— some of whom represent districts overburdened with waste-handling facilities— to support SWMP and its important goals. In the coming years, City Council oversight will be integral as the administration and the department move forward with the construction of these facilities.”
Mrs. Carey gasped. He said the words so savagely that it gave her quite a start. She had nothing to say. She sat down in her husband’s chair; and as she thought of her desire to love the friendless, crippled boy and her eager wish that he should love her–she was a barren woman and, even though it was clearly God’s will that she should be childless, she could scarcely bear to look at little children sometimes, her heart ached so–the tears rose to her eyes and one by one, slowly, rolled down her cheeks. Philip watched her in amazement. She took out her handkerchief, and now she cried without restraint. Suddenly Philip realised that she was crying because of what he had said, and he was sorry. He went up to her silently and kissed her. It was the first kiss he had ever given her
Today marks the one year anniversary of the earthquake and tsunami that hit northeastern Japan.
I still enjoy riding but I also enjoy driving. So with the big mare out to get in shape, I can refocus on him again and get him going. The one cart needs a few small adjustments and he will be put to, before we know it. When she comes home, he should be far enough along that he will just need miles. It's nice reaching that point with a horse. That's when you get to settle into the saddle (or seat) and just ride (drive) just to ride. I'm looking forward to that. That's when it is fun again and not so much considered work.
But as I laid back and let the massage therapist care for my aching spirit, an image came into my head of a giant V. Only it wasn’t a V, it was the shape the highway takes when lined by trees, with a horizon at the center.
Fromagerie Le Détour: The distinctive Grey Owl—with its dark ash rind—is sweet, tangy and creamy, a terrific example of the high standard of goat-milk-cheese production in Quebec.
Dr. Dante rolled his eyes and said nothing.
It appears that yesterday’s request for the rain to go away has worked. *Everybody cheers!* The sun has shone pretty much non-stop today with only the odd shower to break up the brightness. Saying that I didn’t really notice it rain, I just saw that it had.
After that is all nice and mixed in, add about 1 1/2- 2 cups flour.
The good news is that some relieving guidance has popped up in the midst of all this ‘thou shalt not’, ‘it’s too late’ and ‘now look what you’ve done’. The absolutely astonishing thing is its source – ‘provenance’ as the antiques freaks like to put it. You aren’t going to believe this but it’s to the good old Church of England that we turn in the shape of a vicar from Hove (go on then …). This blessed man has revealed that not only is it a ‘good thing’ but it’s almost a moral duty, perhaps even a religious obligation, to spend Easter Sunday in bed, eating chocolate and having sex – and, by implication, doing anything else that feels as though it should be in the ‘naughty but nice’ statistical bracket. Well – who would have thought you’d read it here – praise be for the C of E! Photograph by Hemera/Thinkstock
Back then he made some recordings for the Dorset-based DIY label Cuddly Records. The recording quality was pretty primitive to start with - it would have made what today's hipsters consider "lo-fi" look very hi-tech - and they were cassette only releases so the quality of my copies has deteriorated even further in the nearly thirty years since. But here are three of the slightly more audible highlights of his body of work.
I was once told: “John, your CV has no focus.”
Heat a tablespoon of the oil in a large, non-stick skillet over medium-high heat. Add half of the tofu and cook, turning frequently, so it browns on all sides. This should take about 4-5 minutes. Place cooked tofu on a paper-towel-lined plate. Repeat with the rest of the tofu and vegetable oil.
As Tris and Four try to find allies and safe houses to stay in, they visit all of the different factions. It was really interesting to get an insight into how each of the factions functions, what their headquarters are like, how they live and respond to ‘a state of war’. What I love about the Divergent series is its twist on society and the way people identify themselves through their factions, each of which is very distinct. Each with their strengths, but each with very different goals and believes in morals. And what makes Tris so interesting is that she isn't just one faction; she is many.
here is my grandparents taken just before their 50th Anniversary back in 1999. Just kidding, I can't find the picture already online and am too lazy to hut it down and scan it tonight. Maybe this weekend, or at least before our anniversary I'll get it scanned.
Liber Quintus:
"Passion for me has been discovering what I love and sharing this passion with my clients."
premium template with Professional Design for your Online Store. is specially
... I don't actually know what way it looks best... You tell me!!
- the plain purple card was embossed using a Crafts Too 'flying butterflies' embossing folder
30g liquid glucose
-calcium (which is needed for healthy bones).
Hot to follow was Dr Mwumvanera Theoneste, an anesthesiologist from Kigali University Teaching Hospital (CHUK) in Rwanda.
(Before anything, check all your equipment, especially your candy thermometer, and make the Candied Bacon and the Classic Coating. Then you can get started.)
But rather than a hard task face,
This wasn't the place for yoga mamas who pack on a pharmacy of vitamins, supplements or allergy medications every time they lift off from home central. Dusts mixed with sweat, rancid perfume with jalapeno sauce took over from avocado cucumber facial cream and aroma therapy scented candles. High heels, make up or anything delicate would have looked as out of place as a lipstick wearing pig flying over the white house or capital hills. Not that there would be anything wrong with that as we learned from election campaigns and candidate debates.
“Well, eeaar, you know, hmm, you know, I guess I kind of think, you know, it wouldn’t be right, eeaar, it would be inappropriate to prejudice what I know to be a subject for ongoing litigation…eear, I think it would be unwise for me to comment about this madder, I should really wait for our Policy Management Steering Obfuscation Commiddee to report on that in doo course. But whaddI can say is that I would think such behaviour to be quite wrong and unacceptable.”
that i still my mind, slow my heart, and listen—just listen.
Dr. Marvin
Adult Romance: Flirting With Women
But many self-publishers stop before that last step, and this makes sense in the majority of cases. Maybe the book was personal poetry or a family heirloom and you do not need sales margins. Instead the book can be an end in itself. There is a special feeling that arises from seeing thoughts and creations in print form. Now everyone has the ability to attain this same feeling of accomplishment.
First Reading: Acts 11:1-18
What Are Your Earphone Options?
What helps me is to remember that the muggle in question and his/her actions or attitudes and so forth are simply ignorance, meaning lack of wisdom, knowledge or information. I say this without being above or feeling superior in any way. What evens the playing field in working with that type of klesha is to embrace the knowing that what motivates all sentient beings is that they are seeking happiness and trying to avoid their own suffering.
*each panel is divided by solid squares, colors of the rainbow red, orange, yellow, green, blue, indigo, violet, pink, gray, black white, and brown ...from top to bottom.*
Manchester University literature lecturer Jerome de Groot opened, making it clear that he was approaching the matter as an academic and was interested in (if my notes have it right) 'conceptualising what the Booker Prize has achieved.' He referred to Richard Todd's 1996 study of the Booker, Consuming Fictions, which argues that the Booker and prize culture in general have created and sustained a market for literary fiction that it might otherwise not have received, that it has enfranchised audiences by taking judgement away from critics and academics and created a modern Booker canon. Though De Groot questioned this last point: how many people in the audience knew who won the first Booker in 1969? No one besides me put up their hand, and I only know because I've been thinking about these things and looking into them. (It was P H Newby for Something to Answer For - and no, I've not read it.) On the whole, though, De Groot was in agreement with Todd that prizes 'create a space for new negotiations of cultural worth'. He thought in addition that they give us an insight into publishing as an industry, allowing us to see the ways that cultural capital is peddled and the way books are sold to us. Above all, it allows us to reflect on what we have allowed publishing to become.
06 Get’em Out By Friday (Top Gear, 25 September 1972)
Just sneaking in one more post for 2011;) I've been meaning to share some party drink recipes I've come across lately and today's Herald had some more so I thought I'd share them in case you are wanting to make some party drinks for tomorrow night. Some have rather fancy ingredients but I guess a good liquor store should stock them ?! I prefer recipes where you make it all in a jug/pitcher so there are some of these and some where you make them in each guests individual glass.
On Friday night, before we retired to bed, I asked him if he had any “guest” fitness passes for his gym. I think the request caught him a bit off-guard but he recovered quickly by saying that he had in fact just received two passes in the mail earlier in the week. After a brief discussion, we decided to all head to the gym as our first activity of the next morning. I went to bed, kind of excited that for the first time in 20+ years of visiting with my friend… this would be the first time that he and I would have went and worked out together (or at least in the same building).
Because today, Wednesday April 4, I shall be launching my collab beer with Ilkley Brewery, which is also a saison called Siberia, which has been made with Yorkshire forced rhubarb, vanilla, grains of paradise and orange peel - yep, another mental one from me!
The animation is actually decent enough and the series is actually surprisingly light on the fan service, although there are a few panty shots, a bathing scene and the obligatory beach bikini episode. Unfortunately, the action, especially when the IS are involved, makes use of CG that makes the armored battles look awkward rather than cool.
Some do better than others with various issues. HBO’s True Blood, though not medieval, does a decent job with sexuality, Starz’s Spartacus has a varied track record on sexuality and race (which I’ve addressed at length here), and Starz’s Camelot recently had a decently prominent African-American woman character in Morgan Le Fay’s Court, even if it only had a token African-American warrior in Arthur’s court. Not that simply putting in diverse cast changes things in the real world, nor should a series be judged by how much it superficially resembles a Bennetton ad. But I’m pretty convinced these sorts of shows have a wide if indirect influence on our culture, so I’m hoping for them to push the envelope, and with any luck, in non-superficial ways. A lot to ask, but I think TV has influenced social issues before, and will again.
The people around you will almost always mirror what they see in you, and so...being positive has great consequences. It's amazing what you learn when you have a room full of toddlers in your daycare :)
Okay, so now imagine that you’re homeless. Or you don’t have a winter coat because it doesn’t (usually) get cold where you live, or you just don’t have the money. Actually, I can’t imagine, but I do know we are called to do something about it – not by me, but by John the Baptist in the Bible:
I am grateful that I have time for it and make time for it.
The Bar With No Name by Tom Armstrong
And then at the end of the day they notice the kitchen walls are still yellow, not green like they had planned. :)
Since the photo was uploaded we’ve just had another day of heavy rain and I can only imagine that conditions will remain wet & very muddy until the end of April as more rain is forecast.
Did you know that, along with our courses in CPR, First Aid, lifeguarding, and babysitting, the American Red Cross offers Pet First Aid? In fact, it’s one of the more popular classes in Orange County (I like to think it’s because we’re so pet-friendly). You can even order the companion book complete with DVD for cats or dogs.
At its heart the Dragons of the Cuyahoga is an action/adventure as much as a mystery. Chase scenes, and shoot outs litter the pages, but what really makes this book a story I can read over and over again is the descriptions. Too much description and I get bored, too little and the story lacks substance. It’s phrases like “an Oxford educated Jamaican” describing the accent of the elves. I’m not sure what that would sound like, but I keep trying. Later on, we encounter a professor who is described as resembling Albert Einstein, with Bela Lugosi’s accent. I kept picturing Einstein saying “I never drink…wine.” Swann posses the rare talent of succinctly, yet colourfully taking us to his imaginary landscape.
Sugu Pillay / The Lungs of the Globe / 68-75
The building's quarantined for a week. Fumigated and completely shut down. Fear of infection is the last thing a controversial mining company needs to accelerate their already bad press on environmental sloppiness. Workers take leave, some are laid off until the risk of infection is cleared. While the sun shines outside and the autumn winds clear the air, it's insecticide and anti-bacterial fog within. They'd attracted unwanted attention in the past with their psychometric profiling of staff and reckless abandon of OH&S issues, the last thing they need is the press getting hold of this.
Once the quinoa is cooked, combine the remaining ingredients into the pot and stir to combine. Use less BBQ sauce and yogurt for a dryer texture.
After the judge rejected Denkowski’s findings in the Plata case, Brown enlisted Jack Fletcher and a Florida-based psychologist named Tom Oakland to jointly file a complaint against Denkowski. Oakland co-authored the adaptive-behavior test. Their complaint cited the Richard case, as well as those of Plata and DeWayne Brown.
And adds FunkyFix, “Its hard to believe he’s 6!! Amazing, to think I was struggling with basic keyboard songs like Mary had a little lamb at 6. Amazing, he has so much talent…”
They have nice snacks here. It’s killing me. Good coffee,too. Okay, I’m out of here. I can’t believe H has been parted from his iPad this long. This is the longest he has ever ALLOWED me to use it. Relax, Pinnocchio nose!
although it has a high population density, it has a low crime rate.
De Proef Zoetzuur -- too sour, green apple
I’m grateful for the opportunity to walk in her shoes while my son left a trail of tortilla crumbs on our street.
I'll be working on having fun with my fiction, and focusing some serious attention to my devotional writing.
But not for long, decided to get away from this human creature who is staring at him, clicking away with some black instrument! But that chives is really tempting, couldn't help it, push one down and sniff... got to go... that human creature is after me!
- Remember the name of this road, says Tom.
- Foams and ferments the wine? it serves to purify - while the heart pants, life glows:
I don’t have a polished and refined mentorship program like Zappos (yet). Nor do I set aside the day-to-day to spend hours locked away in intense mentorship discussions with my employees. But I do some mentoring.
what you reckon?
Put her shoes on HERSELF
Rub the skin and under the skin on the breast meat the saffron / salt / ginger mixture. Set aside.
This June, Iceland found out that it was, indubitably, the happiest place on Earth – fuck Disney World, Iceland blows it away, with Australia following somewhere as a distant second.
This is what I've observed my timeline, there was the story of the girl hopping out of a car to slash another girl on Franklin near Lincoln Pl. There was the shooter who fired from a roof top on Franklin near Union in the middle of the day as high schools let out a few weeks ago there were several local robberies I heard about through word of mouth more recently, and then I was mugged and just a few days ago a man shot five times on Franklin and Lincoln.
What is a doppelganger? I’d heard that word before but didn’t know what it meant. It basically means someone who looks like YOU. So, you’re supposed to change your profile pic (on facebook) to someone famous that you’ve been told you look like.
My father sits back, taps his cigarette into an ashtray shaped like an outhouse.
Roll it out and cut into bars. This is VERY sweet. I cut it into 2" / 5cm square pieces and about 1cm thick, which is plenty big enough This now has to sit to dry out. I had to leave mine overnight, turn it and then leave another day.
Given the speed that high street retailers and online fashion houses bring the latest trends to market, it's as if stylish maternity sleepwear is walking off the runway, straight into our bedrooms.
C.) Dialogue and/or action that you think about. (“En Garde, foolish Sir Gigglebee! Your days of boldness are at an end!” Sir Lame hefted his shield and charged.)
I was considering calling this piece “through the looking glass”, but that would have connotations of weirdness which I found inappropriate, since what I wanted to was to indicate that I had experienced the “other side” of the divide for once.
I know she will like this dish because it is meatless.
Next it is all of the places that you shop online – and I shop online a LOT.
Alright, I’ve invested a few minutes, and while I can’t seem to back up my theory of the word humdinger generally needing to use “real” as a qualifier, I did discover that it was first used around the year 1904.
1) stories are all around us, and
Discount boxes is where Bowman goes to die. There probably was more Bowman than anything else in these boxes. This is why no one should buy a Bowman card the year it comes out (unless they're going to resell it). The vast majority of the cards will just end up in a quarter box.
And, I’ve discovered that the best way to find out what your supporting, is to simply ask your friendly shop owner, restauranteur or farmer. That way, you can make the choice as to what and who you want to support. Thank Latte for that.
I love the addition of the warm wood to all of the black and white. I love that all 4 walls are black now (before I had left one white wall for my Mom). I love having the extra room to work on that the table provides, and I love that it faces the doors instead of facing the wall. And I love the new lights on the wall.
And if you found their poetry
Needless to say the very next day the press got wind of this and a contrite Gibson apologised, as he jolly well should. And he appeared to be sincere. But the question that needs answering is: Is Mel Gibson a bigot at heart? Okay, if a guy can get away with homicide then a small thing like bigotry is going to be easy to wriggle out of you’d think. It is once you realise just how conflicted we are all the time:
Whoever ends up more or less in charge of what’s left of the United States of America when the flames die down and the rubble stops bouncing, though, will have to face a predicament far more difficult than the ones encountered by the winners in 1932, or 1860, or for that matter 1776. All three of these past crises happened when the United States was still a rising power, with vast and largely untapped natural resources, and social and economic systems not yet burdened with the aftermath of a failed empire; the winning side could safely assume that once the immediate crisis was resolved, the nation would return to relative prosperity, pay off its debts, and proceed from there.
I toyed around with a bunch of titles for this post:
This article is solely the work of the HSJ. For a full copy of the article please contact the library.
Off late more and more people are switching to sat tv for pc, with no compromise of picture quality it gives the biggest advantage of being a portable solution. I have heard from reliable sources that this or next year they will launch the sat tv software for iPad and iPhones too and it will be free download for its existing subscribers.
And pastors, why are you still teaching old covenant tithing, putting this weight of bondage on the people, keeping them from being led by the Holy Spirit in this important issue: what to do with their money?
Week 14 - Feb 24th - Maria - themed like your bedroom eg wallpaper, duvet cover
The Drain Claw can be used on bath sinks, kitchen sinks and bath tubs. Just don't use the claw after you've used toxic chemicals. Ditch the chemicals and just use the claw.
In fact for Sun readers to support Thatcher demonstrated towering intellects by comparison to those amongst the white working class who still vote Labour, a group which must now stand unchallenged as the most moronic section of our community.
Other: Stickles- stardust and picket fence,
And starting Monday, I’ll be back to running again, which will be a great way to kick off the month of May. And I’m getting ready to print the other emails I’ve gotten since printing my other books. I haven’t been able to face them yet though I’ve tried several times. I have the hard copies together where I need them, it’s just a question of weeding out the stuff I don’t need from the binder and getting rid of it where my parents won’t snoop.
As for the ground sirloin and ground chicken breast mixture, I’ve been doing that a lot lately as I’m becoming more and more health conscious. You can’t even taste the difference after it’s cooked, but I feel better because I know the chicken breast is very lean. Not to mention, it’s a great way to stretch your dollar, and who couldn’t use a little of that nowadays! Where I live, fresh chicken breasts go on sale at least once every month, for $2.99 (or less) per pound. Lean hamburger hardly ever goes on sale for that cheap… So, to save money and still be healthy, I combine the two, making a lean meat mixture that doesn’t taste “off.”
Any more ideas as to why why Hustvedt isn't taken seriously as a great American novelist?
Step 5: So...my final step was to add Kim Klassen's Revolution texture one more time...this time in Linear Light mode, at 11% opacity. This punched it up a little lighter, and I'm happy:
But what of their respective past marriages – might the Imago system have saved those, too?
centers, in places where there is no doctor. But even where there are doctors, people can and should take the lead in their own health care. So this book is for everyone who cares. It has been written in the belief that:
We felt blessed to be together, to have that day and to have the memories that we treasured together.
But I would be lying if I said I didn't have those days where I was a little sad...Or days where I didn't compare...Or wish a little more for him.
“There has been tremendous growth in the Atlanta area and we’re excited that Zoës is a part of the boom,” George Baldwin, regional operator of Zoës Kitchen in Atlanta, said in a statement. “We are thrilled to be a part of the community here and to continue our growth in this new shopping area.”
Pictures/Source:
You reader, put this matter to a test: You are sitting now in your office--six clerks are within call. Summon any one and make this request: "Please look in the encyclopedia and make a brief memorandum for me concerning the life of Correggio."
Return to Peyton Place (Jose Ferrer, 1961)
Poor SpongeBob. He has no clue that the very President he has been entertaining for all these years, is actually trying to pass a bill that will destroy his job. People will not have enough money left after paying for all the new taxes to continue their Nickelodium cable subscriptions. But, good news…the kids in Saudi Arabia will still get their SpongeBob fix. Which…could be a good thing when they forget just where they were suppose to detonate.
What I didn’t expect was to find him getting to the heart of the Doctor and his relationship to his companions and audience. In season five, Moffat takes the Doctor back into a childhood context, the place where I met him, and brings him forward into our adulthood. The companion this year, Amy Pond, acts as a surrogate for all of us who grew up with Doctor Who. Companions have always been a point of view character, a way for us to get our questions about the Doctor’s world answered and feel like we’re not the only ones looking into a strange new universe, but Amy meets the Doctor in her childhood. When he vanishes, she has to remember him anew, matching her fantasies to her reality.
Thank you for stopping by today!
Also with words, quotes and other things.
Technology moved on and my interest for games grew with them. I have some very fond memories of playing through The Curse of Monkey Island when I could barely speak English. The urge to progress further in the game pushed me to teach myself any words I didn’t understand. In many ways I own my current vocabulary to video games. Video games have also offered me some of the most emotional moments of my life. Silent Hill 2 is still the most horrifying experience of my life.
Lighting - Metropolis
I’ve spent confessing
I called Ann,
A dry crackle emerged from the trail to my right, and I immediately followed the sound. This far into the forest it was darker, the only light filtered through evergreens and fog. I looked back. The vapor had closed in behind me, obscuring the pathway like a curtain of white. Shivering
“Now our Lord Jesus Christ himself, and God, even our Father which hath loved us, and hath given us everlasting CONSOLATION and good hope through grace, COMFORT YOUR HEARTS and stablish you in every good word and work.”
Trondheim is probably the most efficient public library in Norway, with a very high level of service production compared to its limited staff. The statistical table contains just two indicators, the traditional loans per capita and the rather surprising loans per FTE. The second indicator was removed from the KOSTRA set in 2006, since the library community argued against a productivity measure that defined lending as the only output of interest. The other variables were presented as absolute frequencies, even though the population figures are listed in the table itself.
1 1/2 cups brussel sprouts
-steel cut oats (gluten free)
It was hard to leave. Los Altos is nice, the trails are beautiful, and it was reassuring being close to Shar, walking over oxygen tubes, setting up computers, making salads for dinner, doing dishes, moving the treadmill with the Run Dirty sticker on it. I didn't feel like I helped all that much, but it was good just being there, being around her and her strength. I don't know of anyone who has accomplished more with less (well, maybe William Hung), and she is a constant reminder of how to live a full life.
We block off the Kinder hallway for 2 hours for our Carnival. (We are lucky enough to all be on the same hallway.) Each teacher has 3 math related games for students to play. Each child gets a 100s chart. (I put a string on mine for students to wear around their neck.) Each game is worth 5 spaces on the 100s chart (kind of like tickets.) When students visit the booths they have to color in 5 squares on the 100s chart. We have crayons/markers at each booth/station for them to color in their hundreds chart. We have parent volunteers that run the booths so that teachers can circulate in the hallway to help with behavior and to keep booths moving.
c) In this labor most of all guard your heart from evil thoughts and feelings—pride, vainglory, anger, judging of others, hatred, envy, scorn, despondency, attachment to things and people, scattered thoughts, anxiety, all sensual pleasures and everything that separates the mind and heart from God.
This number is more than twice the national rate of all U.S. businesses.
pinch of cayenne if desired
Well, I’ll quote the brilliant Ian Ayris who described my novella GUNS OF BRIXTON as ‘Charlie Williams meets Pulp Fiction.’ Suits me, sir!
Those of you that know me will know that I grew up in the traditional world, having lessons at traditional, BHS riding schools, and when I came back to horses after a long break, I decided to learn natural horsemanship. And in the past few years I am also studying Classical riding and horsemanship.
I am not even close to understanding why the Lord allowed me to meet and have these conversations with Megan. God is much bigger than needing me to be the only person who could help Megan meet Jesus. However, what I do know is that in the midst of my utter brokenness and weakness, Megan met my Jesus and started calling Him her Redeemer. He never ceases to amaze me. All of your prayers for me over the past year are my source of strength. Because of you I was able to share a small part of my story and now Megan's story becomes intertwined with our Grand story. Please pray for our sister and her little Emily as they continue in their own story with a brand new hope, peace, understanding and love.
The writer is an architect specialising in fountains at Copper and Steel.
Georgia's other legacy was her love for her family. A couple of years ago she adopted two of her husband's neices after their mother died. Georgia was very proud of the youngest one Crystal, who lived with them. She was also always talking about her daughter and grandchildren and how much she loved to babysit them. They had also lived with her and her husband Norman for a while.
Day 1: Southeast Louisiana is huggin’ country
Schneider Aventinus - I'll say it right off the bat; I would and could drink this beer every day. I've decided that German wheat styles like Dunkelweizens/Weizenbocks/etc. are ones I need to start paying more attention to. While I don't typically seek them out, every time I've had one in recent memory, I've really enjoyed it. The clove and banana notes in the Aventinus are perfect, along with a ton of other fantastic flavors (Is that caramel? What spice is that?) that keep you guessing and enjoying this beer's complexity until you realize your glass is empty and you are craving more. It's amazingly drinkable at over 8% ABV too, so file this one as dangerous.
Yummy . . . I'm not sure I can resist the temptation of having an avocado in the house because I LOVE me some fresh avocado slices. But that rich little oval of yumminess has other beauty benefits.
Let’s not forget the E-Ink display that maximizes the battery life and is very easy to read in nearly any light (indiglow backlight).. Construction of the phone is good, call quality is better than I expected too. I give this phone 2 thumbs up and my dad loves it. So if you’ve got a child,parent, or just don’t feel like having all the bells & whistles then this phone is a smash hit!
To use lard or shortening to coat the eggs, first melt the grease and cool it till it begins to solidify again. Dip each egg in the melted grease individually and set them on a paper towel to dry. When the shortening or lard is dry on the eggs, rub the eggs with a clean towel, removing excess solid grease. Rub gently and buff each egg. Now repeat the process, before the shortening solidifies. Work fast, allowing the shortening to get almost solid before re-heating it. When dry put them in a box of ash and keep them covered until use.Eggs should always be packed with the small end down, because the yolk will not settle toward the small end so readily as toward the large end or the side. It is important to have clean eggs but do not wash them as it removes the protective covering.I've since done my own research; see below for documentation.
“It is a reasonable hope,” Lewis writes, “that of those who heard you in Oxford many will understand that when poets of old made some virtue their theme they were not teaching but adoring, and that what we take for didactic is often the enchanted.” Lewis is known as a moralist, but I think we can infer from this comment that his teaching is often a function of his adoration – so that the moral elements if his writing are not so easily distinguished from the enchantment of storytelling and story-loving. It is the merger of the moral and the imaginative – this vision of virtue itself as adorable, even ravishing – that makes Lewis so distinctive.(xxiv)
When mom brought you home
Technical Drawing. Dull teacher. And even that fucking desk was too big and not flat! It was on a fucking incline! I didn't want to be on an incline, I wanted to be parallel with the ground. And the pencil was too hard. 2H! I was making indents into the paper. I am just not interested in how things are designed, whether by God or by man. God designed this little green apple. Let God draw the fucking thing. Nuts, bolts, screws, not interested. Give me a pencil and paper and I want to draw silly things. Paper's there to have fun with.
Now, was that before or after the IDF came out of the sky by helicopter and shot up the activists, who were still in international waters? From the news reports I've seen, here was no time for the IDF to ascertain whether or not there were weapons on board - so spare us the "practice nonviolence" rhetoric.
And, of course, this blog, the fact that you’re reading this right now, is part of the journey. I started God, I Love Paris as a way to stay connected to friends and family back home. It was a way to share my daily life and then became a way I filtered feelings and processed information. Incredibly, it lead to new friendships, both with wonderful people here in the city and all of you from Buenos Aires to Milwaukee, Sydney to Rambouillet. With all the chocolate boxes and Ladurée candles and fancy shoes I bring home with me, it is this blog that I am most grateful to have, for both the memories and connections.
If you laminate them, you can have the students check off the categories as they complete them with Sharpie. It wipes off easily with rubbing alcohol.
Ophelia rolled over… well, not in bed, exactly. It was crumply and uncomfortable and smelled like her kitchen did between cleaners sometimes, not to mention that there was a slight breeze blowing, just the wrong side of chilly, and the sun was beating down in ugly fashion. Perhaps I have become a vampire, she mused. That would certainly explain a few things, the aversion to sunshine, the inability to hold down anything that wasn’t liquid from a glass, and being ostracised from polite society everywhere it seems. I really must find a mirror somewhere and check for sure. Not just now though.
Most terrorism experts are not talking about mega-plots but rather self-motivated individuals adopting al-Qaeda’s cause carrying out smaller-scale attacks. This is a strong indicator that the organization is less capable – in great part because of the extensive scrutiny on its activities by intelligence agencies worldwide. While every unnecessary death is a tragedy – lone wolf attacks such as the atrocity in Toulouse, France are not a threat to national security like a mass attack such as 9/11 or 3/11 in Spain.
Thousands of activists have already swarmed some of the other U.S. cities targeted by the movement, preparing to blockade major roads and bridges and occupy businesses and banks.
The particular words used this time were as follows: “eyes focused on the glass in a glazed blank stare that would burn steel.” Now the whole post is brilliant, and I recommend you click the above link to read it in it’s totality, but these were the exact words that released the locks. These were the words that had my eyes burning with silent tears, mere minutes after reading them. These were the words that ripped me from my desk and plunked me effortlessly back on to the hard, cracked green vinyl of the school bus seat. These were the words that slammed my head once again against that smudged glass window, my eyes peering outwards. Always outwards, and always alone.
By choosing shoes that match your hair color you will visually bring the eye up and down--thereby lengthening your body. This is a fabulous trick all women should embrace--especially petites!
The student must also be able to clearly articulate those things if asked in an interview and they must come through clearly in any essays on the college application.)
What else...
7 What is the exact nature of work to be undertaken for the University
Rolling Stones Goodbye Ruby Tuesday UK
8) Cry it Out: Yes or No? No, I do not let him cry it out. I can’t listen to him crying and not do something. I love to cuddle with him. Maybe when he’s older and can communicate in other ways we can reevaluate this.
This movie is more like a journey than a story. It’s a journey through the mind and memory that is made perfectly. Charlie Kaufman really outdid himself with this one, and Michel Gondry did an excellent job funneling Kaufman’s ideas onto the screen. I am not familiar with Gondry but this movie alone makes me interested in anything else he has ever made. He had a great cast to work with on this film as well. I have always been a fan of Jim Carrey’s efforts to take more serious roles and I think this is his best one. He does an excellent job in this movie and he deserves more recognition for the role. Opposite Carrey was Kate Winslet, who is such a wonderful actress. She is beautiful even with those awful colors died in her hair and she brings her talents to the screen in top form. She is probably one of the most natural actresses I have ever watched and she has the ability to really bring a character to life in unique ways. Kirsten Dunst is on hand in this movie as well with a great scene where she is braless in a tank top. I have always admired Dunst, although I think her greatest performance was her first one, when she was a little girl in Interview with a Vampire. Dunst doesn’t do enough movies of late and that is a shame, I have liked many of her films. Elijah Wood was trying to distance himself from the role of Frodo Baggins around this time to avoid being typecast but I think he made a mistake choosing this one. He plays such a creepy guy that I think it hurt his image. He then went on to play an even creepier guy in Sin City. I think Tom Wilkinson brought a lot to the film with his role as the doctor who specializes in erasing unwanted memories. Mark Ruffalo did a decent job but nothing distinguishing and I haven’t figured out quite what people see in him as an actor.
Stat-wise, it has a LOT of HP, and serves me well as my defensive HP tank. It has good Sp Attack, but is pretty slow (based on a slug and all). It’s one of the few Pokemon to learn Hidden Power (for some reason). Mine has Hidden Power Fire, through experimentation. I wish it had Ice, but Fire isn’t bad I suppose. One of its abilities is Storm Drain, which is made a lot better in Gen V, because it now grants immunity to Water type moves, as well as raise Sp Attack if hit by a Water move.
Vegetable oil, 1 table spoon
It's an early daguerreotype, more than a hundred and fifty years old. That's a positive process, I usually explain, the plate exposed directly so that each is unique... If you tilt it towards the light, the image gleams and shimmers, so exact, so bright and so dark, that the moment of its taking seems to live inside the glass. The sun touches the pillars and chimneys of Kersey Hall and flickers among the dark, late-summer trees. Its light lies on the lawn, strokes the curve of the steps, slips through the half-open door to where a figure in a long dress stands. It was then - that moment - that the shutter opened, and snatched a scatter of the light and dark, throwing it on to this piece of glass, fixing the sun and shadow of those few seconds for ever. And the sun moved on and took the day with it, while the plate held those shadows and kept them, and carried them to other places and other times before it was found again. One of those times was mine.
We got a new puppy two weeks ago. It's been infinitely harder than I had imagined. The problem isn't the waking up in the middle of the night to let him out. And it isn't the picking up after him. The problem is... how to keep him entertained!
Hopworks Urban Brewery Portland Hopworks Organic IPA Organic American IPA Buzz beer: Everybody wants to try Christian Ettinger’s latest, even before his new pub is open. (But it) may be too balanced for the extreme hopheads and too hoppy for the rest.
Please, no one tell me if my logic is flawed.
Simmons
Std. Ranges : 100-0-100, 150-0-150, 200-0-200, 250-0-250 mmH2O
Featured romance authors:
North East Open Studios (NEOS) is Scotland’s Largest Open Studios event! An award winning, not for profit collective of artists, makers and galleries in the North East of Scotland who open their doors to the public yearly. This year the exhibits and shows will take place at a variety of locations around the North East, including Easter Anguston Farm from 15th – 23rd September. The Farm’s exhibition takes place indoor and outdoor, opening at 10am until 4pm.
He saw two tours of combat duty in Vietnam. He's of late been a military analyst for the Fox News Channel and a lecturer on counter-terrorism. From 1982 to 1986 he commanded the 351st Civil Affairs Command that included all Special Forces, psychological warfare and civil military units in the Western United States and Hawaii." (Read the entire article at World Net Daily HERE.)
And now I am ready to go see Harry Potter 7!
Ladies, please send your 1250 word Word document to author kristen dot lamb at g mail dot com. My web site is under construction so it has been a real mess catching up with all the contest entries. This e-mail should work fine.
The Post’s story Thursday claimed that married Cerniglia had been playing hide the cannoli with his young pastry chef.
A film is nothing more than a collection of film-elements composed so as to create a whole. Film-elements unify to form film-situations, and these are modified by film-events which link up to form film-plots. But these plots need not be linear, they can be looped and twisted via strands of time, moving forwards or backwards or something more or in-between, creating spatio-temporal short circuits in a wide variety of ways, blasting events open as they are criss-crossed multiple times by plot lines and become multiple. And as characters, objects, and settings multiply and mirror each other, short-circuits are produced, in which the very continuity of any object, character, or setting can be seen as a repetition laden with difference in a film which is fundamentally crystalline, providing multiple pathways in time, of which linearity is only one option amongst many.
I love the lace theme this week, but I am not ready .....
Dazed And Confused
"I learned a lot by asking them about their jobs, like their work in the sugar cane fields and other various farming jobs," she says. "I was impressed that education was very important in the country, it was a very positive experience."
To my mind at the time the answer was quite obviously yes. I was there, in that very place for that very reason. I was being punished, once again, for loving that which others do not comprehend. It took me a long, long time to understand that this was not so, but once again I digress and you cannot help me if I digress too much
the fridge humming
I'll keep the blog up, at least for a while. And who knows, maybe one of these days I'll show up unexpectedly on My French Corner.
The National Portrait Gallery confirmed its 16th Century date, but were unable to identify the subject. The Latin inscription reads ‘Aged 21, 1585,’ three years earlier than the Grafton portrait. The poet, Christopher Marlowe, attended Corpus Christi, and was 21 in 1585, the year he completed his BA and began his MA. Students with money often had a portrait made of themselves at this time.
I haven't blogged in days. No, I didn't drop off the face of the earth and all is well with carriekinsella.
“I’m on holidays,” she says. “I need a break. Why do you want to do that all the time?”
I nod me head and stare into the weak sun. "I do Mrs Marr....I do. But don't you go forgetting me! If you ever need any help with anything, you know where I am, so just ask, OK?"
How can you make sure your book is a contender for the 2012 Golden Kite Awards?
C has a plan to fool the animals
the gouges and scratches on the top are pretty deep, so i'll see how that goes....
What do you get when you combine a glowing hot tub, 3 friends, 1 nephew and illegal Russian energy drinks? Well you end up in 1986, of course! What else? Hot Tub Time Machine is the newest sleeper hit comedy following in the steps of The Hangover and Superbad. Being a HUGE fan of all things from the 80s myself (especially the music) I was eager about watching this movie, where I could see the decade I adore so much in action. But I was slightly disappointed with how the writers handled the trip back in time. The movie did though have a few good belly laughs and gross-out scenes which like The Hangover and Superbad, make it a great “guy movie”.
Three hours later we arrived at our hotel in Paris, parked the car and made our way to the Eiffel Tower, by subway. Unfortunately, the receptionist of our hotel gave us wrong instructions as to where to get off and we ended up across the river “La Seine” away from the Eiffel Tower. I yelled : noooooooooooooooooo! Five minutes to our meeting and we still have a river to cross. Typical!
A Visit from the Goon Squad is labeled a novel, but could also be called a collection of short stories, a multiple memoir, or a cultural history … Since I’m not finish reading yet, I have no review to offer, I just had to share my excitement with someone – !
In 2007 Denmark, Finland and New Zealand shared the top spot.
9) Bake for about 12 minutes, they will be soft, but hold up to a metal spatula when done.
Video dead ahead.
A business must conserve existing ecosystems and aid in the ecological restoration of critical areas. They can achieve this by taking steps that protect waterways, wetlands and soil from erosion and contamination, prohibit logging and other deforestation, maintain vegetation barriers, and prevent negative impacts on natural areas.
my level of awareness
I'm going to sign off here, because I'm sure that I could spoil everything if I carry on.
Weekend at the Staple Media Expo in Austin was great. Got to spend a lot of time talking with artists, writers and the art enthusiasts that came to see the sights. You’d be surprised at how many ideas for writing, creating and performing that I got from speaking to people who came by to see what this project was all about. You may spend one minute talking, or you may spend ten minutes talking – you would never know by looking at someone how they perceive what you are doing.
While all those people slaved in the kitchen, some of us whistled out the door to go horseback riding. I am in love with horses. (Not like that you dirty sod.) I had only one previous experience horseback riding when I was a teen, and it wasn't nearly so spiritual and fulfilling.
Yes, this was posted on www.abigailchristens.com a couple of days ago. However, my site is being glitchy (and not the delicious dub step kind) and all the content jumped dimensions. Until it drops back into this realm, I’m back on here for a bit.
Some to tell us we are going too fast….. too slow…. signs to tell us we need to be cautious ahead…..to tell us we are on the right (or wrong) path….. or signs to even tell us about Jesus… that He is real…. That we need Him in our lives…
Waves caress coral
“My husband died six weeks ago.”
“Nobody’s saying that you need more training, Bunny,” said Annie’s mother. “Not any more than any of your teammates. What I asked Mr. Jacobs — Dan — Coach Dan, is whether we can get you more training, like from one of those fencing schools near the university.”
We argue and you slam the phone on my face
Better hope that fabric keeps you cool in hell cause that's where you're going for wearing fabric from two types of material.
new postulations understood
God became human. The human, our representative for all time. That is so amazing to contemplate. This was the beginning of “God with us”. He wants to be identified with us. This is so central to our faith! Jesus became man and still a man today, as much as he is the exact image of God, fully God and fully man. He also carries us into the very heart of God. God is on our side! As we look at the nativity and remember the humble way He was born lets remember this was the 1st part in His identification with us, without which it is harder to grasp the fullness of the gospel. This to me is the celebration of Christmas. God with us, in Jesus.
Shabba Ranks - Trailor Load A Girls
36. My prayers are always answered, in support of my dreams!
The temperature on Saturday was a toasty 99.
Base: forces of relations of production
“Hey, over here.” Mitch, his partner, is waiving from a table near the dartboards.
US manufacturing and job creation data were weaker than expected. US wheat production is expected to be significantly higher while hog production is also well above normal. OPEC production is much higher as production in Iran is lower. S&P has increased Greece’s credit rating. The euro zone unemployment rate moved above 10% and manufacturing contracted in April. Quebec increased the minimum wage.
The date is a disaster, and Stanhope departs Hazel’s life with the promise that she will one day ‘need his help,’ which is very much a code-phrase for prostitution. Hazel is broke, but not that broke, yet. Her wanderings soon take her to a bakery run by David Rogers (Kenneth Harlan), a man so decent that he, too, is nearly broke. (A compulsively charitable person should never do business in a ghetto). Hazel and David are brought together by a particularly clever version of the ‘meet cute,’ and Hazel is hired as David’s assistant, providing labour and, she suggests, a level head.
when the veil of illusion has been lifted from his eyes,
Fast forward a few years and my kids are pretty much grown. While we continue to adapt our home and routine as needed to meet their needs, everything is pretty settled these days, and we take even the surprises in stride because adapting is habitual by this point.
29. Scooby Doo
But what about when the asymmetry of status, voice, and power between subjects and researcher is reversed? Elites clearly don’t need humble research-lepers to empower them. What are the ethics of interviewing someone who can shield themselves from exposure or criticism, and quite possibly have you deported on a whim? Where is the line between self-censorship and deception? Some argue even obtaining informed consent from such interviewees ‘seems an impossible ideal…an implicit double standard’.
Bradley A. Blakeman served as deputy assistant to President George W. Bush from 2001-04. He is currently a professor of Politics and Public Policy at Georgetown University.
The king of the goths Rick Owens was true to form for winter. Owens showed slouchy yet structured pieces with touches of leather and fur. Interestingly the collection had touches of Owen's S/S 2010 RTW Women's line--especially in the long triangular pieces of cloth hanging languidly from the front of outfits. The standout pieces came in the middle and the end. The fur pieces were well layered and luxurious while still remaining distinctly Rick Owens. The truly spectacular pieces came at the end of the show in the form of beautifully crafted cloud-like scarves hung long around the necks demanding complete attention.
Stir to blend and bring the mixture back to a gentle simmer on low heat.
Smells like prunes
They think us a disgrace
Mile 11 - 9:45
(Nectar of Devotion 14)
Title: RANSOME’S QUEST
I speak on behalf of my organization and the organizations that create an environment where members never feel uncomfortable. I can say that hazing has never and will never happen in my fraternity for as long as I am around. I would never go through such tasks to become part of a brotherhood where drinking vomit and drinking until I die is the tradition. How does that make me bond or how does that create a life-long relationship with anyone?
In the pre-digital era, it was standard for reversion clauses to leave the decision to take a book out of print entirely to the publisher's discretion. Here's an example, from my 1997 Avon contract:
I just want to make sure that I choose someone good for me. I don't want to just go to a meeting and randomly ask someone to work the steps with me.
I actually took time to brainstorm and think about what I wanted to do for Mike. I wanted the cake to be a surprise so he didn't know anything about it. I sketched up my idea and took it to our baker and she was overjoyed at the idea of making his cake. I had brought two different ideas one that might be less difficult to do, and one that I thought would be the most fun. She chose the most fun option and the cake was born! I gave her the topper to scan and print on fondant - yes I said I hated the stuff but it's the only way we were going to get the illusion of a stack of records!
Chambray: JCPenny
She let out a discreet little "EEk!", I turned around, and she closed the door, apologizing profusely.
Nothing can excuse this terrible crime, nor should it. This sort of behaviour is not an acceptable response to any sort of 'tension' or perceived slight, if that is indeed what the piece is implying. It does not even come close to partly explaining it.
And so, I will be sharing these new adventures with you, including these delicious, crispy, potato and carrot latkes.
This covers Macdona Emergency AC Repair, Emergency Air Conditioning Service, 24 Hour Emergency AC Repairand Emergency Air Conditioning Service. We also go into Air Conditioning, AC, Repairservices. The result of our Service, 24 Hour 24 Hr options, you get excellent service.
That was before the events of November 29, 2010 at the Nou Camp in Barcelona.
Don’t count, you’ll be sorry.
I have certainly run alot with my kids. Pushing them in the jogging stroller, then the double jogger, now they are bored with it. And I have gotten a few of my friends excited to run. And we have run races together, but not really together, because now my friends outrun me.
Yet every portrait, every statue you see of the man, he’s got a big grin on his face. Well, maybe not a grin as such, but as close to it as they came in those days of carnage-inspired stoicism. His eyes speak volumes about his vision of a nation reunited. His jaw is set in determination to do what must be done. His beard and eyebrows — true, they could stand a trim, but this was in the days before introduction of the Braun Series 7 shaver, with its 10,000 micro-vibrations for a quantum leap in thoroughness.
MH: With Pyr celebrating its 5th anniversary this year it seems you are growing the imprint in many new and different directions. One of those seems to be Steampunk. Are you at all worried about doing too many Steampunk related books? I'm still a huge fan of the subgenre, but with Akers' The Horns of Ruin, Resnick's The Buntline Special, Clay and Susan Griffith's Vampire Empire, and Mark Hodder's Burton & Swinburne in The Strange Affair of Spring Heeled Jack it does seem like a lot. Plus George Mann's Ghosts of Manhattan just came out and Tchaikovsky's Shadows of the Apt has elements of Steampunk as well. Do you feel Steampunk is that in and will be for years to come? Or do all these books just rock too much not to publish?
I have dabbled in selling clothes online before and had turned my tiny house into a small warehouse filled with clothes and accessories and was enjoying it, but it wasn’t giving me the excitement that I wanted and needed. So one day I came up with the brilliant idea (I think I am a pretty smart person) to have a party and invite all my friends to show them all the items that I had for sale.
I snapped this one quite early this morning.
Cherries are packed with Vitamin C and fiber, but they're especially useful as a night-time snack since they've been rumored to help regulate your sleep cycle. They're sweet, tart, firm and juicy, and 3 cups (let's be honest, boredom snacking never really gives way to portion control) contain only about 230 calories. Win-win, if you ask me.
“We will challenge the decision in the high court. We will definitely appeal in the higher court,” Mr Laxman’s counsel Ajay Digpaul told reporters after the pronouncement of the sentence.
It has been a really long time since my last mash-up, but I have one for you today!!
Where Your love poured out
Trumane Johnson was another good bit of business by new head coach Jeff Fisher as the Rams recovered from a shaky start, where they had hoped to draft Justin Blackmon before the Jaguars traded up to get him.
On Thursday and Friday I attended the Math Counts Conference in Chicago!
In the period 1955 -1984 the amount of black school students increased 31-fold from 35,000 to 1,096,000. 65% of black South African children were at school compared to Egypt 64%, Nigeria 57%, Ghana 52%, Tanzania 50% and Ethiopia 29%.
The most powerful commonly available chambering is the .50bmg; a round originally designed in 1917 for heavy machineguns, and still used for that today.
From Cruddas’ point of view, he was faced with people who were considering donating, and wanted to know what, if any, advantages a donation might bring.
Picture of the week
So this has given me the energy to get off my rear and kick things into motion. I am even now writing up my recap and impressions of the episode, and will acquire the appropriate screencaps to go along with the review. Look for it sometime tonight or tomorrow. More than likely tomorrow. LATE tomorrow.
Prepare the ingredients for the marinade you have chosen to make. Mix all of the ingredients well.
So what does folk-punk sound like at SXSW this year?
My side of the family decided to have a cookout after church Sunday. My mom has always asked that we eat in on Mother's Day to avoid the massive crowds. The laid back grilling was just the ticket for a cloudy and misty afternoon.
We say we are doing it for the kids but I expect we will still be doing this when they leave home.
Wigan always find a way of staying up, against all the odds. It just would not surprise me one bit if Roberto Martinez’s side won this game.
The evening ended with Isabelle riding her new Radio Flyer scooter back and forth through the kitchen. Well, anywhere she went actually. I think if we’d let her sleep with it she’d have been happy.
Then I first "met" my husband (via facebook) and saw that he was into Star Trek. When a friend asked me what I thought of him (this was before I even met him) I said (literally) "he's into Star Trek, nuff said". Needless to say I am now married to him.
This is a tiny switchmode voltage regulator with two uses – the first being regulation of higher voltage up to 28V carried via an Ethernet cable to a Freetronics Ethernet shield or EtherTen to power the board itself. The PCB is designed to drop into the shield or EtherTen as such:
“But God is the Infinite Universal Ocean of Consciousness! And He Who has found the Divinity (in this incarnation or earlier) is also great in size! And He or She is free to move anywhere in the multidimensional space — regardless of the location of their bodies!
My first pic is my kitchen junk drawer. This is how it has looked for several months. I'm not joshin' ya, I didn't touch a thing except open the drawer to snap this shot. I could probably do a bit of tweaking, get rid of a few pencils, pens, etc; but The Man reaches into this drawer at least once every single day & has been returning items to their designated places. Let's just be clear here, I'm not messing with this little bit of perfection, okay?
Guinness Extra Stout—A classic. This beer is black and very assertive with roasted grain, coffee, and molasses on the palate. It's rich, tangy, well balanced. Great. Like all ales, this should not be drunk too cold. This is the foreign export extra stout version, not the more watery draft version. I like the draft version with its nitrogen pour and creamy head, but it's just a totally different animal. To my tastes, this wins hands down.
There's a roller coaster of events and so the events are truly interesting. I loved being in that suspense of what would happen next and how the story would end. Ashton has given us an alluring and brilliant read. Now, I so eager to read the book that follows!
Brewed: 11-17-2007
Let's hope the weather stays nice and we get to have lots of lovely breakfasts and lunches like these.
I liked the story simply because it sounded like a story that my mom or dad would have made up when I was young. Their bed time stories were often about animals of some form taking on human qualities.
Smelling the aroma from the cups we were holding during one of those breaks, she uttered, “Don’t quit Rcubes. Your situation is like my dad’s. They (supervisors) did that to him too when he got hurt at work and wanted him to resign. Except my dad didn’t want the hassle and did not fight back.”
Well, for me the genre is about reality. I recently searched that title on myself and the results came up in the millions. I’m very sure that I have been read by millions and so it was time for me to put my own book together for people. Because, I love being a writer. Just yesterday I wrote a little piece of flash fiction for ERWA on the writer’s list and it will be published in the July edition. I love words that convey feelings about things. All the stories I write are geared toward a male and female audience for the most part.
In 1942, the group had an argument with Dorsey and left, but in 1943 it became one of the first groups signed to Johnny Mercer‘s new label, Capitol Records. Capitol’s music director was the same Paul Weston who had been instrumental in introducing Stafford to Dorsey. Weston and Stafford married in 1952. They went on to have two children, Tim and Amy.
As a YA author, I've found the lack of diversity in publishing profoundly sad. I've been particularly disturbed by what I find in the YA sections. Bookshelves filled with cover after cover of pretty white girls.
Blue Asylum‘s many characters stand out and benefit from being called crazy. Lydia Helms Truman has impeccable manners but is fond of swallowing anything from rings to letters to checkers. Keep your jewelry away from her. There is also the elderly widow who believes her late husband is still next to her. She talks to him, kisses him, and even dances with him. Hepinstall creates a man whose feet feel so heavy they are sometimes frozen in place.
Rules aside, he just looks badass, so I had to get one. Only thing that bugged me was the head, it didn't sit well with me, so I switched it with a chaos defiler mask with the horns moved around to become tusks.
Just a table, then I'm done:
The Old Energy is Alive, But Not Happy
~ Divide egg white foam into 2 portions and add into the egg yolks batter separately.
However, real royal titles can be a little strange also and some are downright funny.
For years I’ve been considered an outsider, an odd bod. An outsider because my accent was different to everybody elses. An odd bod because I listen to certain types of music or laugh at really bad jokes. Simple jokes are the best. If you can laugh at them, you don’t have to work too hard at enjoying life.
It comes after a report last week found high-flying women were paid nearly 10 per cent less than a man doing exactly the same job. On average, a female executive gets a total pay package of £93,434, while a man with the same job title receives £103,230.
One of Chetta's dear friends Zero has moved in with us while he gets on his feet and is starting the second week of his New York Adventure Story. You can't move here and not get one. It's like VD in college, but interesting.
“Because the Jews at Rome caused continuous disturbances at the instigation of Chrestus, he expelled them from the city.”
ElizaPresley.orgHello jesse, We at ElizaPresley.org would like to wish you a happy birthday t…
Tourists might even opt for the tried and true Italy. They just won’t book a cruise.
Chepéco and he still calls us every day with a problem. Seems like he’s
Its not as though, the returns these Institutions achieve are even very good, even without the deductions they make to line their own pockets. Panorama reported that nearly all of the Fund Managers charged with investing these vast sums – and who are themselves often paid in millions not thousands of pounds – fail to meet their own benchmarks! Workers would often have been better off just putting their money into a simple Tracker Fund that matched the returns of the various Stock and Bond markets!
The Drinking Myth
Stevie doesn't think I'll make it as a cleaner because my marketing skills are impossibly bad. But I'm not sure much more than a card in the newsagent's window is required. Of course, that might be because my marketing skills are impossibly bad.
But things started changing with the advent of free anti virus software. Given free anti virus software may not be as good as their commercial counterparts but they nevertheless, are pretty good for most computer users. Most free anti virus software come with even advanced detection technologies. What's more, these free anti virus software keep their virus signature database updated regularly like any other commercial anti virus software!
The poor and the ill
About halfway across he felt something with is foot. It was a small heap about the size of a kitchen sink, and he walked around it as he tapped. On one side he felt something extend from the heap, several extensions. The heap was soft but firm. It slightly squished down, but not much before it was solid again. He didn’t want to touch it, but he realized he would have to. It was furry and had legs too. He felt a rope-like part and guessed it was a tail, which meant two things: at the other end was a head, and it was dead. He thought about diseases on decomposing animals and decided against feeling for the head with his hands. He could tell enough by tapping with his feet that it was a small dog or fox or raccoon, something about that size. He was curious about why it didn’t smell.
(Related posts: ”Ruffled Feathers for Canadians”, “Bad, Chicken Little, Bad!”)
Once the mold is completely dehydrated, the hemihydrate has converted to anhydrite: CaSO4 + 0 H2O. (Obviously, each form of gypsum does not convert instantaneously upon hitting a temperature benchmark. It is a continuous conversion, and each phase retains some quantity of the last phase, which slowly converts. So, the dihydrate has some small portion of unreacted hemihydrate, and the anhydrite, some portion of hemihydrate, etc).
There are so many newbie's out there like me and it makes you feel so good and fuzzy inside when someone acknowledges what you do. My hat is off to you Michele.
Cheese board.
I’m someone who believes “Knowledge is power and that power produces an understanding that education is the single most important ingredient necessary to neutralize those forces that breed poverty and despair.”
Because many expected he would change the teaching,
I mentioned on Friday that I'd made progress on a cross stitch but had failed to post pics! Well, today I rectify that oversight.
All this activity has helped to lift my depressive mood. However, an hour or so ago I opened my emails to find one from the sister of a dear friend in England (I'll call her P). P was the first real friend I made when I moved to Turkey almost 14 years ago. About 5 years later she returned to England to live but we have kept in touch. The year before last she came back to Turkey for the first time since she had left. It was for a short holiday in the August. I met up with her in Bodrum and we had lunch and such an enjoyable time together.
“yo lemme try on ur glasses”
I miss my solitude
After lunch, we made a quick stop at Cappellion's Crazy Cakes, a cupcake and cookie bakery owned and operated by a brother-sister team, Frank and Dotty Cappellino. They feature about 20 different cupcake flavors and at least a dozen different cookies. No preservatives or additives are used, so their baked goods are best eaten as freshly as possible. Everything looked very appealing in the case and I chose to try their Snowball cupcake, a chocolate cake with buttercream & coconut. It was topped with lots of grated coconut and the cake itself was fairly moist and flavorful. As cupcakes go, it certainly was better than many of the cupcakes chains. I also tried the Apple Harvest cookie, aka the Portable Apple Pie, and it was delicious. The cookie was soft, with plenty of apple, nuts and cinnamon. It did remind me of a tasty apple pie. I wanted to try their Snickerdoodles but they were out of them that day. If you have a hankering for something sweet, then stop by here.
Eventually, the rain subsided, and we all drifted back into fitful sleep, with dreams of evacuation, and dread of midnight toilet trips in the (now flooded) campground, wafting through our minds. (The children slept happily through everything, of course.)
For now here it is: Vanderbilt Acapeligo!
I'm waxing so nostalgic about last night's dinner that I don't want to eat anything today. I feel that the cereal and turkey sandwiches making up my normal eating routine would be totally disappointing after last night.
Conditions the length task it can most closely fits your circumstances, the’re a great many aspects this is certainly referred to as.
I combined the marshmallows with a jar of hot chocolate mix. The felt wool mitten is to hold a note saying, "Baby, its cold outside!"
On my American plains I feel the struggling afflictions
Again we have some unscientific conjecture given a patina of science, by associating it with an academic body and some bloke with an unspecified doctorate trying desperately to prove that a "greenhouse" gas is the cause of global warming.
Directed by George Miller
Sunday, October 18th, is Daffodil Day in Kensington.
When we first signed Little S up for Montessori in 2010 I wasn’t 100% sure about our decision. I want to be a hands on mom, and I felt a little weird sending her off to school before she was even 1 1/2 years old. My main reason for sending her was to socialize her with other kids and help her to overcome some of her shyness. But it quickly became evident that she was learning a lot from her teachers and classmates. I believe kids learn fastest by watching other kids.
Jerome: It is to be observed moreover, that when the Lord came into the desert, great crowds followed Him; for before He went into the wilderness of the Gentiles, He was worshipped by only one people. They leave their cities, that is, their former conversation, and various dogmas. That Jesus went out, shews that the multitudes had the will to go, but not the strength to attain, therefore the Saviour departs out of His place and goes to meet them.
One thing though - I'd made brain cake (as described in Know Your Brain) but it was all eaten before I'd had time to explain what it was. It's delicious is what. And brainy. Buy the book if you want to know more.
The visceral nature of combat, though, may be the best part. Watching zombies ragdall as I Cleaved through them, hacking my way through barrels and watching the rings scatter across the floor, stomping the ground and seeing baddies stagger backwards...this is the visceral, full-bodied feel of a game that's never going to be tiresome.
April:The Administration’s FY02 budget declares that the size of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac is “a potential problem,” because “financial trouble of a large GSE could cause strong repercussions in financial markets, affecting Federally insured entities and economic activity.”
Marley nodded. “It’s the right thing to do.”
Place tin foil around the outside of a 9-inch springform pan.
But of course, the ships also came the other way. It is estimated over one million people died in the Famine, with another one to two million emigrating, and Boston was one of the places where the tired and poor arrived in their droves.
I've sensed you also are staring
And I'm just going to come right out and say it: if I could make Brenna's skin better, I would. Not for me or for Evan, but for her. If I could make any changes for either of my babies that would make their lives in this world a little easier, I would. I know that she will be an incredibly strong person because of her condition, not in spite of it, and I love her more than she will ever know and wouldn't change a single thing about her for my sake... but if I could take away any physical pain and emotional hurt for my baby, as her mother, I would in a heartbeat.
but knowing
To know that You do care, and will always be there...
Then I was on NH 73, unlit still, but broader and smoother than the bypass. It was smooth riding and when I got hungry I decided to stop at the first suitable place I saw. This was the cemented base of a large peepal tree next to a hand-pump, outside a temple that had a light. The handpump didn’t work but I had enough water for now. For an early morning snack I had paid Subway a visit the previous evening, and now I had the best cold packed roasted chicken sub ever. I did feel a momentary pang of guilt for the desecration of the temple, but then as I said - momentary.
The NCH report on homeless victims paints a chilling picture of the state of discriminatory violence against one of America’s most vulnerable and often despised populations. According to the report there have been nearly 1,100 documented attacks on the homeless over the past decade, including nearly 300 reported homicides. This past year there were 43 killings, giving 2009 the distinction as being the deadliest at any point in time over the last decade. These numbers reflect only a fraction of the total attacks, due to underreporting by victims and witnesses.
So walk circumspectly through life,..attain wisdom, discipline, do what is right and fair and just.
See, if I were Baptist, I couldn't do this.
And He says ...
Geeze, one thing? What’s sad is that lately my BFF and I are on opposite sides of the country. She’s all the way up in Massachusetts and I’m down here in Florida. So while that limits most of our activity to phone tag we never miss out on the big stuff in each other’s lives. Like picking out her wedding dress…Wouldn’t have missed it for the world…
Nutrition information per serving (note: based on flour tortillas): 1 tostada with toppings
belief in the existence an imaginary Bolshevik-Masonic complot until his
* University of Twente - Enschede (Netherlands)
Woweeeeeeeeeeee Get crafting then, you can't win if you are not in it!!!!!
Like Barnard, Naki suddenly found himself besieged by journalists, accompanied by glory and fame that likewise came out of the blue. In recognition of this contribution and for his role leading up to the first heart transplant, the University of Cape Town conferred an honorary degree on Naki, the first time in its history it had ever done so for someone without an academic background. Thabo Mbeki awarded him the most important national order.
Where are Jim, Tim, and Franklin now?
So that’s what I did on Saturday! Any good home improvement plans for your weekend?
Be sure to comment on the daily inspirations featured on the facebook page- One random comment will also win this darling stamp set from Simon Says Stamp!
An NRC spokeswoman said the vents will be reviewed as the agency studies the lessons from the Fukushima disaster.
Round 14: Ch 4. Skip first ch 1 space, dc in next dc, ch 1, skip next ch 1 space. Repeat from * around. Join as above.
16. Les Jeunes Etoiles - Beyer No. 91
The biggest problem is that there just isn't enough SLOB in this Slob Comedy. There should be MORE slobbiness in this. MORE stupid boneheads backing into stupid situations and making it out of them by being just as stupid as the situation. MORE raunchiness. MORE dumb jokes. MORE Bluto Butarsky-ness.
I thought we had a good session last time, but this time it was even better!
Hobo Heater:
Sharing the concerns of some other Bajan blogs, BFP long ago dropped our sidebar link to Barbados Underground Blog – the de facto active blog of the governing Democratic Labour Party – for a number of reasons including BU’s willingness to publish articles and comments that communicate support for the most foul racist positions. Some recent immigration discussions at Barbados Underground target West Indians of Indian heritage, whites and asians as being “unacceptable” races for immigration to Barbados. The BU blog publications even go so far as complaining about the high fertility rates of Indians and calling murdered Canadian tourist Terry Schwarzfeld “white trash”.
I had to put down my little Boston Terrier yesterday. Those of you that have lost a pet know the pain. Its the price we pay for choosing to share our lives with a pet.
We've done five of the girls so far and we have three to go!
A friend of mine recently gave a short but powerful teaching out of these 2 verses. (I find more and more that every verse, every word in the Holy Scriptures is so full that we can never even begin to penetrate the richness of it…Just awesome!) The main point of the teaching was that we, as Christians, are made to be “lion-chasers”, running down and defeating every enemy. The Moabite heroes represent all immorality and moral decay. The lion is the devil himself: “Your enemy the devil prowls around like a roaring lion looking for someone to devour,” 1 Peter 5:8. The Egyptian represents all bondage and slavery. The whole teaching was very good. I was taught and reminded that prayer is one of our most powerful weapons.
I read this blog post by Christine Caine. And two things struck me deep within my soul as I read it today, because it resembles the comment I made about not being normal and being like everyone else. What I heard was a bit different as I read it. But, it made so much sense to me. Read her blog post here to understand what she is saying in the comments below. In her post, she was referring to herself and what others thought when at the age of 29 she was still not married. If you read her short post it will make much more sense.
Bryson Jones
Listen to your heros heros. Look up some of the interviews from your favorites to find out who their favorites are and were. It can be an exciting journey of discovery and education as well as potentially bringing a new sound to your writing, playing and performing.
Lodg'd with me useless . . .
—January 26, 2006
Here's how it went down:
Last week a few of us attended the Special Olympics North America Marketing and Communications Meeting in Orlando, Florida. There are lots of exciting things happening in the world of Special Olympics and many new things to share over the next couple of months. One thing that really touched us was the story of Special Olympics Illinois athlete, Susie Doyens. When Susie was younger she barely spoke, her parents remarked how the doctors told them to put Susie in a home. They said no and her mom remembers thinking that Susie, “was going to be the best person with down syndrome there is”. Susie is now an accomplished Special Olympics athlete and a global ambassador whose life was transformed when she joined Special Olympics.
I was elected as a London Wide Member to serve the constituencies of Londoners who feel that the establishment political parties do not represent them or their interests.
I’ve fallen in love with the unstructured relaxed way of life here in Portugal. That is, when I stopped being so Norwegian expecting things to happen a certain way. Because if you expect rules to be followed and people to be on time, maybe Norway is the right place. I’ve embraced the untidiness and the way time just flows in all directions, not following any specific rules. It all got even better when I started meditating. I asked my portuguese man the other day if he’d noticed any change since I started meditating, expecting him to say wonderful things since I’ve had fewer headaches, less pain and more sleep. Yes, you’re less cranky, he said without thinking… I just burst out in laughter, which I wouldn’t have done before. I realized I’ve finally embraced myself and my new home.
True to their tongue-in-cheek moniker, Purity Ring make music that plays around with the contrast between innocence and sensuality. On “Belispeak,” Corin Roddick twiddles the knobs to make Megan James’ voice oscillate between sounding artificially, little-girl sweet and pubescent-boy awkward as she coyly confesses, “Grandma, I’ve been unruly.” “Obedear,” the latest track from their debut full-length Shrines, finds them further refining those precious-yet-haunting vibes. “Oh, but dear, the sky is low,” James breathes, while bright synth pings hover around her like so many stars. With each track they release, Purity Ring show that they’re something more than an homage to their influences.
As each dish comes out we form our own little orchestra of cooing, oohing and aahing guests and even the children seem bemused by our reactions. Although they are not sharing our menu the childrens plates come out looking like pieces of art and a simple polpetta meat ball is transformed into a distinctly more elegant looking dish.
So this time Robert had the luck, ánd his camera, to picture a rare snake called crvenkrpica.
Plans have changed, decisions have been made, more folks have got involved and we’re now going to have a whole week of actions and protests in Bristol to celebrate May Day, leading up to a large march and action on Saturday the 5th.
The show will be up till Thursday so come to the college and have a look, if you get a chance. If you can’t make it, please enjoy a small selection of exceptional pieces. Click to enlarge ^^
I pray God will urge you to spread this website’s address to your friends, spread the Word, proclaim and defend the Word of Almighty God!
What you should avoid: accents on the lower part of the face, this will only further reinforce the image of a broad jaw.
Despite being labeled as a "sheer" eyeshadow, Midnight Brown is anything but sheer. It is a lovely medium brown with shimmer that translates beautifully on my eyes. As previously mentioned, the eyeshadow is incredibly smooth and the formula is simply divine.
Modern day slavery with no room for bravery
Overall this was a fantastic day out encompassing a great new pub or 2 and a fantastic range of beers at the Tap House beer festival. Lets see whether he rest of the Easter weekend can live up to the Goodness of Friday.
info :
06. Scope – The Future (5:37)
This is a great movie, it is the 2nd best Taboada horror movie. It's beautifully filmed, has a great cast, has an amazing setting and of course it is creepy as fuck. If you liked Hasta El Viento Tiene Miedo then check out El Libro De Piedra. 9/10. Btw, a remake was released last year and it looks terrible! Check out the trailer HERE
Following an especially big night on primetime television, Jennifer Lopez was surrounded by staffers as she departed “American Idol” studios in Los Angeles on Thursday afternoon (May 10).
Any advice on how to deal with a know it all brand new driver... (my oldest just got his permit)...
"With You There to Help Me" by Jethro Tull
Tuesday Night at a PCW house show
Fishnet nail stickers! I love em! They have lots of patterns and colors at drugstores & Target, and they last over a week without chipping. ﻿I also tried the lace print and have my eye on the animal prints.
all day we were together, but until we sat
Impromptu presentations, happenings, conversations, etc.—organized by guests of the Guesthouse (specific content and locations to be confirmed closer to the events).
NOW HOW COULD A QUEBEC PREMIER BE SO STUPID TO MISREAD THE QUEBEC STUDENTS ATTITUDES TOWARDS UNIVERSITY EDUCATIONAL COSTS? WHAT HE DID NOT CARE TO ABOUT THEM ALL THESE YEARS TOO? OUT OF TOUCH WITH QUEBECERS ON SO MANY OTHERS ISSUES NOW AS WELL?
So again, I ask myself, why do I feel embarrassed to say I believe in the notion of two falling head over heels in love. I'm lucky to have experienced that wonderful feeling several times in my life, so why not write it? Finding romance or if you just enjoy the chase lowers our stress levels, it's good for our heart skin and mind. and with all that is happening around us at this time in our lives, we're lucky to have it, right? As a society we spend countless hours in search of that special someone to grow old with or if you would rather, Mr. right now.
Now I'd love to hear from you, what's in your makeup bag? What products do you adore that I need to know about? Share them with me!
You'll definitely want a flame but not a preheated grill; if you have a temperature gauge I grill asparagus between 150 - 200 F. If you preheat the grill to a higher temp you might bake the asparagus and all I'm trying to do is sear the outside with a tasty crust and slightly soften the interior. How long the asparagus grills outside often depends on weather conditions so stay close and monitor, but this goes quickly.
Typical incomer, I guess, a slave to my own nosiness getting involved in every possible aspect of the local community, but I’m beginning to wonder whether I’ve been inadvertently been sucked into some random episode of The Archers (where it all gets a bit silly and Lynda Snell tries and fails to direct a pantomime), and will wake up one morning in the not-too distant future to find myself answering to the name of Bunty and riding around the village in a pith helmet on a Pashley bicycle. Stranger things have happened.
The categories were (in brackets is the number of boys’ names and girls’ names in each category):
So there you have it.. Gluten is definitely an issue for our family. The symptoms were all there and now the testing has confirmed it. We have been gluten free for about 9 months now and I have never felt so great! I am no longer popping Advil and Tylenol to keep my constant headaches and muscle pains at bay. I don't even buy the stuff anymore! My kids are doing wonderful!!! Tourette's Syndrome is GONE. OCD is GONE. Behavior issues GONE. And about a hundred other things have improved. Amazing!
4. What does Jesus mean by the statement, “To everyone who has, more
I fell in love with well-told history when I read a history of medicine in my early teens, introducing me to a roster of heroes, from Hippocrates, Galen and Harvey to Jenner and Semmelweiss.
‘Come on!’ said Petro, ‘Show some adventurous spirit!’
Valiant efforts by some left the city wanting for rebirth. It was nothing but a joke for comedians and an easy target for anyone that wanted to point to failure; it was sad, pitiful, and hopeless.
DALLAS
In the end, I developed a technique which I call 'poopee'. Essentially, you poo just like you'd pee - from a distance, aiming into the bowl, firing an arc of feculence through the air to its target. Given the fact that I was, more or less, pissing out of my arse, this was quite simple.
Savitz DA, Harlow SD. Selection of reproductive health end points for environmental risk assessment. Environ Health Perspect 1991; 90: 159-164.
