Happy Saturday!
It`s really quite warm at the moment and so there has been quite a lot of this...
With several points on my artistic license already, I decided to give the CBS Monk back his pork pie hat. Lenin was never much cop on the piano.
4 I Remember Albert 13:56
We rush over to the internet cafe across the street:
Meanwhile, I'm back at my desk, cracking on. One laptop for writing, one for the internet. This is the way it works best for me, writing on the old one using Windows Vista. I get so furious with the Windows 7 on the new one as I can never find the edit icons I want! I've tried and failed to write on it - my temper won't hold long enough for any attempt at romantic lyricism. So the faithful old keyboard it is, some handwritten pages and a good old-fashioned thesaurus and I'm away.
(Fill in the blanks with the name of a specific unreached people group)
Every little bird in the tall oak tree
Today Nicki Elson is making us drag our sad, closeted 80's crushes out into the light. If I had any dignity left (which I don't, thanks to having children) this would jettison the remaining shreds. As it is, I have a confession to make:
I stood still for a few seconds, and heard the noise again....coming from the grocery cupboard!
The alleged offence took place on November 11 as rival demonstrations took place at Kensington Gore. During the day, members of the English Defence League (EDL) exchanged angry outbursts with representatives of Muslims Against Crusades (MAC).
Suzanne and I have taken lots of pictures, given lots of hugs, seen lots of DREAMS, and see where God would like us to pitch in ... He shows himself so clearly and the need is SO GREAT that it is easy to see what direction to go ... The question is WILL YOU GO WITH US ??? WILL YOU GO SOMEWHERE to help ...
Did any of the verses jump out today to you? Do you have any specific requests or concerns you’d like to share with the group? Please leave a comment and check in with the group. If you have any questions or concerns, feel free to email me (using the button on the side).
So yummy!
Feel the itch.
Street League Skateboarding™ is the first sports entertainment property that gives professional street skateboarding its very own league for individual competition. Street League features the exclusive participation of the world’s best professionals, the most prize money in skateboarding history with a $1.2 MM purse, and real skate plaza course design inside world-class arenas. Driven by the need to enhance the experience of live professional street skateboarding, Street League utilizes real-time scoring and a proprietary format that makes every trick count. Street League is created and hosted by twenty-year professional skateboarder and entrepreneur, Rob Dyrdek. More information is available at streetleague.com.
Breaking news Lord James of Blackheath has spoken in the House of Lords holding evidence of three transactions of 5 Trillion each and a transaction of 750,000 metric tonnes of gold and has called for an investigation.
I hope I’ve improved as a writer from book to book and as always I’ve discovered that my characters are always oh so much smarter than me.
She trembled when she felt his body behind hers. She closed her eyes, revelling in the sensation of him placing a kiss onto the curve at her neck near her shoulders. That was her sensitive spot. He knew it. She smiled and leaned back against him, letting him feel all of her.
Pump
Nearly nine in ten (88 percent) Brits have downloaded an app for their mobile phone, while just over half (53 percent) of UK web users say they store their data online, which is less that the global average of 65 percent.
No doubt sometimes it may lead to painful and avoidable moments but more than the speaker , one believe it is the listener who throws these paradigms at speakers.
Did you see that we at Hero Arts are doing a giveaway? FIVE NEW stamp sets with be given out each day (Monday to Wednesday). Just leave a comment on each stop in the hop and we’ll pick a random winner from ALL of them! The more comments you leave, the more chances you have to WIN! Winners will be announced on Saturday, July 16.
My schedule is so off! CC started night shift (10 pm - 6 am) this week. This is only his 4th night, but my goodness it already seems crazy! Back in the fall, CC worked the night shift for a while, but I guess I already forgot what it's like!
We say we want others to trust in Jesus but add religious ceremonies and activities. It’s ridiculous!
around the table –
Be a dear” :)
4. Baby Dont Get Hooked on Me
San Fransisco 49ers: C
Style: American Amber / Red Ale
18) Landing Page Conversion Rate - This metric is extremely important and determines your effectiveness at converting visitors into leads. Track the percentage of people who land on your page and then fill out the form. If it’s low, you have an opportunity to do some A/B testing to increase conversions.
(50 cents per legitimate comment goes to Caroline's Kids Pet Rescue for February in honor of cat appreciation month!)
Local rivals Derby provide Forest fans with an example of what cost cutting looks like in the Championship and also demonstrate that it can be done. Having appointed Nigel Clough, Derby managed to reduce their wage bill by letting their experienced, highly paid players leave as their contracts expired. Importantly Clough also managed to keep them in the Championship whilst they reduced the wage bill and he is now able to begin building a new side on a cheaper, younger model.
KE: So, the opposites, instead of becoming strengthened, become weakened. And perhaps this is how they begin to dissolve.
Banner turns into the Hulk and destroys the lab, causing everything to get shut down by the government and Banner to be arrested the next morning. Betty’s father the military general (Sam Elliott) comes in and arrests Banner despite Betty’s pleas otherwise – he’s ONLY a danger to all mankind as long as he’s free, after all! Why do some parents have to be so inconsiderate?
… then to the plane she fled.
Which collection speaks to you?
I cannot say enough about the people who co-hosted the challengs this year. I appreciate all the hard work they did, with a special shout-out to Jenny of the Pearson Report, who visited several times and left encouraging words.
I made couscous as a side dish for a Moroccan-style dinner thanks to a few magazines which seemed to conspire this food genre was the fashionable way to eat – at least for that specific month. I’ll admit I was quite pleased with the final product even though I spent all of Lil’ Man’s nap time in the kitchen.
If you don’t this is another of your big losing part.
My Minds Eye - Madison Avenue 6x6 paper pad.
Percy Friend
All because of the broiled fish!
for some odd reason.
cold judgmental religious glares,
One of our fun activities during the week was to color Easter Eggs ... we used our crayon technique on warm boiled eggs. This year we decided to draw pictures on the eggs and then dye them - they turned out really well.
born: 3/20/1774
This post has had me look back upon my childhood and reviewing the other
I = Incomplete, 60% – If there is an “I” on your assignment, you have until next class to complete it.
In the days our family worked on the farm, dieting was unheard of. Grandma always cooked dishes high in calories so that everyone had the energy they needed to throw 100 lb. hay bales, plant 1/2 acres of potatoes and hoe them, garden, do the wash (with a wringer washer) and hang it on the line to dry, take in the garden and can, etc., etc. Do you recall when Wash Day was? How about Baking Day? Grandma made several loaves of bread on baking day and she put this dough recipe on the night before, so the whole house could wake up to freshly baking cinnamon-sugar "Scuff's". There were never any leftovers. Trust me, this is no diet food :-)
Serve on tostada shells with sprinkled queso fresco. Serves 4 (2 tostadas each).
You’ve been involved with Antifa stuff like Music Against Racism and Ladyfest it obviously extends further than just the music. What is your take on the country/politics/the world today? Occupy, The Coalition, The EDL…
It bess not be no game of yours, but I’ll be there yeah?
What about activism? What level of political activism is appropriate in the Christian life?
LW, most college relationships fail. Most long-distance relationships fail. As such, virtually all long-distance college relationships fail. Defriend him on Facebook and shut off his Twitter feed and delete your Skype account and change your WUPHF password and do all the other stuff that kids nowadays do to move on.
Our "pretend" Auntie definitely liked the card I made for her 90th birthday. She had a huge pile of cards waiting to be opened today (though she was contemplating opening them at midnight .. .. bless!!!). But she opened ours whilst we were there and it was placed on the mantelpiece.
Red seemed to me to be just what Book Club needed. Frank and forthright, she’d be outspoken and provocative. What is more, a woman who spent her life in the boardroom or spending quality time with her children might enjoy the relaxed mixture of friendly support and free-flowing conversation that Book Club offered. I asked her along to a meeting. I sensed a little wary scepticism on all sides. And then I left the country.
What if I would serve it cold
That’s exactly what a fat, balding, glasses-wearing guy wants to hear. It’s nefarious. I think I should add that to my dating profiles. You: Must not be too picky about the guys you go out with.
-May 4, 1996
Lead Dot, Edward Ka-Spel neglects his chicken tikka to expound upon the whys and wherefores of his band. His phrase for the Legendary Pink DOts's sound-and-vision is the "terminal kaleidoscope".
2/3 cup milk or water
Happy Friday and happy weekend!
Nikolai Medtner's music is well served on disc by now, and his violin sonatas have all been recorded elsewhere as well (several times, in fact). I have not heard any of the alternative performances, but if it is a matter of couplings it should perhaps be pointed out that the Naxos releases, for example, includes his shorter works for violin and piano as well. Nonetheless, the first and third sonatas receive committed and well-played performances here by Mateja Marinkovic and Linn Hendry. The approach captures the right combination of the epic and the introverted, and if there are a few points where the tone is a little rough or the balance a little off, that does not in any way seriously detract from these overall admirable versions.
* Any final words of wisdom and advice to aspiring writers?
"Dear Mr. Burstow,
28 AMERICANS spend £5.6bn on pornography every year - the same amount their government spends on foreign aid.
its my lack of opportunities
This toy closet just wasn't working for me... so it was time for a change. For one, the books needed to be moved to the back of the room, because my two year old loves to unload them on the floor, which is the walkway into the closet. My second reason for the "delightful order makeover" was the white bins that house all the toys never stayed organized & most of the time the drawers were left open and looked like the photos below. Reason #3 the room just wasn't cute enough for me. I like things to match and look nice.
During all this Ryan was highly irritated because he was being reigned in by Grams, who was so kind as to spend a good chunk of the evening sitting in a bowling chair holding the back of his shirt while he tried to toddle off. Luckily the bowling action helped occupy him somewhat. But we took him over to the arcade some so he could have some fun. It turns out, his first interest was skee ball as well, and he checked it out quite thoroughly….
The present anti-piracy ad shown at cinemas isn't much better.
The Gift
So, i left there, then went home, picked up Andrew and Tex and took Tex to the vet. He had been acting sad and gloomy and cry-y and SUPER lazy, and limpy. So we decided to take him to figure out what was wrong. Andrews diagnosis was that he injured something on his left hind leg because of the way he was favoring it. We get to our vet....who is wonderful by the way, and he examines our little man. Basically he said....well we need to take xrays, he thought that Tex had popped his hip out of socket cause his hip was swollen. So....an hour later, we enter into the xray room, and.....the worst xrays ever lay in front of us. Dr. Oden (the vet) says, well little Tex has SEVERE HIP DYSPLASIA. :( This is something that dogs dont typically show signs on till mid to late years, after a life full of using and working the hips. But Tex was born with this horrible trait. If you dont know what it is.......think of it like this, make a fist with you right hand and then cup it with your left hand. This is like your hip bone in its socket and you can move pretty freely in the socket. Well, that is normal. Tex has no socket....and no fist. Hes got a tiny inward crescent where his hip bone is resting flat on it. bone on bone. this equals puppy in pain! so...what do we do..? He is now on anti inflamitories to reduce swelling therefore reducing pain, and also joint lubricants. And we have to keep him super active to keep his muscles strong. Andrew and I decided that as long as we can manage his pain....we wont put him down, he doesnt deserve to be in pain forever. So thats where we stand with that....Both andrew and I were pretty sad when we left the vet, and just kinda wanted to get home and.......zone out.
Check for seasoning, add if required and take it off the flame.
# 119 Darling Ho
The recipe is adapted from my chocolate cake recipe and the vanilla cake recipe from crumb boss (also on the blog). I didn't like the instructions for the chocolate recipe I used before so I just made it as if it were the vanilla recipe, except I added in the coffee and cocoa after the eggs and sugar, before the dry mixture.
*Icon for Hire released to EPs before ‘Scripted’, but this is their first full length album.
I've stated on numerous occasions that I don't believe in inspiration. Inspiration is just a good idea. And I'm perfectly capable of having ideas on my own. Which I do. But the best ideas always seem to come out of the blue and have little or nothing to do with what's been on my mind. It does make one think that one isn't completely in control of the process. And the fact is that we—i.e. the conscious we—aren't at least not nearly as much as we’d like to think we are.
He had been managing a health programme for Baluchistan for almost a year when he was abducted, the ICRC statement said.
From: TH
There's even a Facebook fan group called the Old Fountainians which seems to consist mainly of expats struggling to find bottles of their favourite tipple. But no-one seems to have posted since 2009 which either means Tesco has shipped it to the Falklands or they've moved on to something else.
Darkness came as a outer exotic-membrane of light peeled to reveal her quantum car
I love the life we have made and continue to make..
I have always drawn on my mail envelopes from sketches, cartoons. clouds, used stamps, pieces of paper or abstract designs.
And here I thought we got rid of anti-Semitic attitudes after WWII. Someday, I'm going to have to explore this topic, but not in this post.
Garth Webb is a Burlington resident and World War II veteran of the D-Day Normandy campaign. Mr Webb spearheaded the establishment of a non-profit organization, called the Juno Beach Association, and began raising the $10 million necessary to build an interpretation centre as a lasting memorial to sacrifices and contributions of Canadian soldiers. Mr Webb spent years relentlessly raising money for the centre, ultimately securing money from the Government of France, the Government of Canada, provincial governments, schools, businesses and from Wal-Mart Canada. The Juno Beach Centre and Museum opened on June 6, 2003 at Courseulles-sur-Mer, France with more than one thousand Canadian Veterans in attendance. Since it’s opening, more than 660 school groups and hundreds of teachers and educators have visited the Juno Beach Centre.
ONLY TO DISCOVER THAT EVERY SINGLE ONE OF THESE WERE ALSO LOOSE AND RATTLING IN THEIR CASES AS WELL.
So go and tell your partners that you NEED more cookbooks to LIVE, and get ordering!
2 cup red chilies (3/4 badagi: 1/4 guntur)
FIRST IMPRESSIONS COUNT
Rick Ross - 36
Hi all!! The new/old mantel is finally in place behind our bed. It took some work, more than expected of course. I cleaned it with warm water and tsp. Then I used this wax called Fiddes and Sons. You put it on with a cloth let dry then buff. It sure made a difference, it brought out the color of the paint and made it a bit shiney!!
Add remaining egg mixture into batter, in slow, steady stream, about 30 seconds. Stop mixer and scrape sides and bottom of the bowl. Beat until well combined, 15 seconds longer
Crime blights British cities. Along with burglary and car crime, gang culture is now established in these cities with rival gangs engaged in permanent war in addition to brutal street battles between Asian, Black and Eastern European gangs to establish who controls the flow of drugs to British people - children and teenagers as well as adults - and such gang wars are an ongoing occurrence. Knife crime in the capital city of London claims teenager after teenager with no sign that the underlying cause will ever be acknowledged never mind addressed.
You have until the end of the month to enter the challenge, I look forward to seeing your beautiful creations.
I'm leaving these different files just in case...
Entering but for a minute I see a sight beyond all the pictures and
Yes, some days all I see is this boy.
And because I'm currently listening to it whilst I cook tea here is my personal life anthem for your delectation and delight :D
"Then what brings you out here?" The skipper took off his felt cap and raked fingers through his hair. "Most people come to see the Yongala. I dove down myself a few years back - very interesting spot."
Krishna is transcendental to the human world. How then does he fit inside it?
With which to whet my whistle.
SOUL SURFER by Bethany Hamilton
But I am savoring all the goodness
you only have to breathe for it
Met with two girl friends this week one for lunch the other for coffee. Each is at different stages of their transition just behind me….wow suddenly I am the experienced one, what the heck happened.
This blog is the first of a series on what it’s like to be diagnosed with Rheumatoid Arthritis.
As I closed the door and tell Ray what just happened we realise two things: they went to the house they had delivered to earlier and picked up the food they left on their doorstep and brought it with the new order. A small gesture of good will to make up for the inconvenience. And the other thing being that they brought all the delivery boys down to see exactly where we lived so they never got lost again.
Now is time to show it!”
…During the party, at which the sport coat-clad group led a sing-along of the Star Spangled Banner, some guests began taunting them, hurling epithets like “faggot” and “homo.” One guest, whom Dawydiak identified as the son of a prominent pediatrician and a Sacred Heart alum, apparently led the jeering.- - - - - - - - - -
TRUTH IS--
So mostly I'm just focusing on teaching my kids to cuss properly, which is working out GREAT. Just last night my son properly used the word "shit" in a sentence when he said to his sister. "Don't pour out all those toys, cuz I don't wanna have to clean that shit up." Such a proud day. Mother of the year award nominee here.
I can understand how difficult it is for the UK Government to stand aside and watch Wales (Scotland, Northern Ireland) doing things in ways which they find anathematic. But we expect them to do precisely that, and to respect our right to adopt a different policy. Why should we not expect exactly the same of
The draw will be done in the age old manner of bits of paper in a bowl with the winner picked by the boyfriend. Entries can be left until midnight on Christmas Day and the winner will be drawn on Boxing Day. A bit of a late Christmas present for someone :-)
So I get to grow my own bad guy. Slowly. Over the course of this first book, and a little through the second. I’m not quite sure exactly where I’ll begin to make it known who the bad guy is…and I wouldn’t want to give that away just yet, anyway.
In the case a company called Parallel Networks had sued HSN, along with dozens of co-defendants, alleging that the defendants’ websites infringed a patent directed to client-server communication technology, whatever that means.
I’m assuming that in order to make the work for the DPB policy effective, National has some comprehensive policies about the provision of childcare and out-of-school care too. I’m also assuming that they will be paying for them, because there’s little or no point in forcing sole parents to get part time jobs, but then turning around and taking the income off them through high childcare fees.
I have other Olatunji samples/albums posted here. All of the Olatunji LPs I've listened to, to the best of my recollection are very good, but this one is an especially good and groovy blend of African and Western forms. The record reminds me a of a good Yma Sumac LP in that, there is a uniqueness and cohesion from track to track and a sense of drama to the sound that keeps you glued to your speakers.
It is high time that all of us stood up to Big Ag and said enough is enough! Why should we have to spend top dollar to buy organic, when the truth is that all food should be produced in an organic and sustainable manner?
Other than that, I'm mostly just waiting on a Connecting Threads order with a bunch of batting and thread. I have 2 large-ish quilts (Chrysalis and Sparkle) and 1 small-ish quilt (Modern Quarters Baby Quilt) in the queue for quilting and am itching to get started. Today I prepared the backing for the Chrysalis quilt, see lower left photo in collage below. I had the orange/cream print, but also had a few blocks leftover from the quilt top so decided to incorporate them into the back. It's nothing too special, but I'm glad to use up the leftovers.
9And when those beasts give glory and honour and thanks to him that sat on the throne, who liveth for ever and ever,
Gumption: initiative; aggressiveness; resourcefulness
O that she might withdraw unnoticed, silent from life escape and
I watch these 2012 NHL Stanley Cup Playoffs and I can’t help but wonder how Jaromir Jagr does it. I am nearing the ripe age of 38, unfit to walk a flight of stairs let alone play a hockey game. I am of course embarrassed by this and we will leave my fitness out of this post. HAHA.
Myke Hutchings agrees. King Street is the most logical path from his Gage Park home to Jackson Square (where he works as a case manager for the Workplace Safety and Insurance Board), but he detours to Cumberland Street, then follows the Stinson Street bike lane, before cutting back up to King.
Then it was onto Even Greenland, whose only single (and possibly only release of any sort) made it's way onto the WO bandwagon in 2008. More recently I obtained a less static-laden copy of this 45, and naturally a redo was in order. A thorough unknown from Alabama who recorded with Tim Lee of the Windbreakers in 1985, Even Greenland's paisley-inflected indie guitar pop, was coupled with a vocalist who sounded much like the gent from the Moody Blues. An unlikely but winsome combination.
(I really hope they aren't scared for life... this was traumatizing for most of them...)
The rotadex is a relatively new purchase so needs populating. I found this in the bookshop 'The Works' and was £2.99... I have more address books - all for different sets of people - so I thought I'd would amalgamate and put them all in one place - plus it takes me back to when I was a telephonist/receptionist - I had a MASSIVE one which was jampackedfull!!! That was back in the day when I worked in the textile machine industry - I packed the job when I was 25 and just having had K, my 2nd son.
I wasn't looking for trouble,
A few little sentences in the "Artist's Tips" section would have solved most of the problems that our group stumbled upon in this challenge!
Rose took the pictures and clutched them to her heart. Then she looked at them longingly and kissed them over and over again. She cried for another 15 minutes, before she could get out how grateful she was that her daughter gave them to her.
Copenhagen is truly wonderful, but at the time this year I will be touring some other low countries. Beer festivals will not be missed, however. A well-reputed student festival in Vilvoorde, a new beer fest in St Olen in Belgian Limburg (that I may have to forego, though), and a Meibockfestival in Amsterdam's Helicopterstraat (at De Prael brewery) makes sure that the Low Countries remain a highlight even in the high season of European beer festivals.
Ok, that's probably not true, but I wanted to make a dramatic entrance.
The federal government is too large, too bloated, and too bureaucratic, but that doesn’t mean that it has no role. It’s the sledgehammer in the tool arsenal. You pull it out sparingly, but when you do pull it out don’t be afraid to whack away, and understand that there’s a lot of residual damage and the edges aren’t nice and neat. That’s because it’s a sledgehammer, not a chisel. And I do believe that now is the time to use the sledgehammer, because the time it will take to recover and the damage that will happen if we don’t re-open the faucet is greater than the damage we’ll wreak by banging open the wall to unstop the leak & get the water flowing again.
You may pray for a vital issue and you think God does not hear. He hears, especially if He knows you through His Son Jesus Christ. But He is viewing that thing through eternal eyes with His church and His eternal purpose in mind. So that prayer may not be appropriate even though you may think so. The timing may be off so it is put on hold for a while. But then, again, it may be answered on the spot for He was just waiting for you to pray. He works in mysterious ways.
I feel for my hometown, but not as much as I did when I lived there.
Allen, standing behind Emma, with zombie bunnies underneath, thinking typical guy thoughts –
Last week, my 6 year old and I played “library”. We had money, a barcode scanner (DVD remote), are reference book (phone book), our library card, and books (public library which we frequent several times a week). We had a blast! Later I thought about all that she had accidentally learned,
I give it thanks for my first exposure to “Screamadelica” by Primal Scream in 1992, which I borrowed from a schoolfriend named Fred, and which at the time I absolutely hated. But it sowed the seeds.
that even the stars will die.
Jenro stood from the bed, and walked towards the window to catch some signal.
*Rolling my eyes. All the time. At everything everyone says.
Renew your spirit and unwind along North Carolina’s Outer Banks, a collection of wind-swept barrier islands stretching 200 miles along our northern coast. Whether you’re a thrill seeker, history buff, beach bum or foodie, this top vacation destination offers memorable experiences for all.
Pink Holes - Breakfast With The Holes (Eldo Farms 1985)
I've discovered that you can "pin" anything to your "Bulletin boards" that has a photo. I "pin" my books under subject headings like "World War II" or "Amish." I also started spending five-ten minutes each day finding old blog posts and "pinning" them. For example, recently I pinned a blog post from July 2010 on "How to Be a Better Lover" to my Marriage board. In the first few hours I pinned it over 250 people went and viewed that old blog post. It's continued to get a few hundred views each week. If people like your pins they repin them on their boards. And then people look at their boards and repin them too. Sweet!
If I walk the dogs on my own this is what ends up happening...I'm gently pulled in opposite directions. Either that or I get tangled up! Luckily, my boyfriend is with me more often then not on our walks!
Paul Simon Graceland US
I don't want to be an alarmist or encourage paranoia, but the first few nights I didn't sleep: I watched HER sleep. To make sure she was just sleeping and not, you know, um, not. (I don't even want to type it out, knock on wood). This monitor sounds an alarm if she stops breathing and SAVES my sanity at night. And unlike the somewhat similar in use Angel Care Monitor, this one can be used anywhere, as it clips onto their diaper.
At 46m (138 feet), the drill struck some soft stone and below that a think layer of oak. Then it struck some loose metal and a parchment on which the letters V and I were clearly seen.
The weather has turned a little wet and cool. But it is cosy in here. Over my desk I can see the ducks preening themselves in the rain on the lawn. The seedlings that were on the deck are safely hanging out on the dining room table. The others are squished back into the glass house. Standing room only in there. And no room for humans.
Well done!! Please contact Kath who will sort you out with all the details.
5. Now we are going to join our rows together. We are going to join our first row to the second row and press. Then we will join the next row (our 3rd row) to the two we have already joined and so on. So with right sides together and starting with your first square you want to pin down the seam ensuring the seams are aligned in each corner. So where you have joined 2 squares together will match where you have joined 2 squares together on the other row. This means your corners will match on the finished quilt.
When the deputy confronted DeMarco, she removed the pills from her dentures and swallowed them.
Professor Will O’Hara - Professor Clare Butler
Ritually showered and oiled myself, and dressed nicely, though the day called for less jewelry than I usually wear.
What an appearance of godliness Joseph Smith had! And yet this passage would suggest that his heart was desperately wicked, desperately in need of a Savior, for he was in love with himself – not in love with the Creator of the universe and the lover of his soul. My first thought when I read those words was that it sounds strikingly similar to the words Satan once said,
The wheelchair race went off right on time per my watch (6:25) and soon after we heard the starting gun. We were off. Or not. We stood.
As if that wasn’t enough, I also had ear mites, a yeast infection in my ears and there was “evidence of a previous aural hematoma right ear.” If we’ve met you may have noticed that my ear is sorta bent. I think it gives me a man-of-the-world appearance, you know, the kind of guy who has seen trouble but hasn’t run from it. Yup, that’s me.
“There you go, then. Nothing to worry about.” Ellen picked up her purse and headed for the door. “You want anything while I’m out?”
This was the final message these brave men sent the world, for it was directly afterward that their wireless signals sputtered and then stopped altogether.
If Mr. Cuomo has not already begun an investigation of Atlantic Yards the dynamic could be very interesting when the new whistleblower-related requirement for public authorities take effect in March and are ultimately investigated (or not) by Mr. Cuomo and then by the Attorney General who is the successor to Mr. Cuomo. As we will proceed to describe, the candidates themselves provided further impressions of actions the Attorney General could be taking in responding to questions at the candidates forums.
An All American National Sport
So in the end, I win.
So, to sum it up, I'm feeling good, and life is moving along at such a pace, I can hardly keep up. But, at least I can try.
Partial discography:
hoping I might see her there shopping. Never happened but it was fun looking.
On Monday and Tuesday this week, a horde of extremely smart people (and I) will gather to discuss solar power. More specifically: “The Southwest’s future as a solar superpower.”
Places to stay:
Sunday was the perfect day to break out your trench coats, cardigan sweaters, and hunter boots. The key to dressing during these random cold spells in the spring is to dress in layers and I did just that.
“Some of us were told, ‘You’re unfit to bring your own kind into this world. You’re uneducated, you’re on welfare. Your children are going to be on welfare too.’
Björn, we can't wait to see the Mary Bard Jensen, Clyde R. Jensen, Cleve Bard and Mary Alice Bard interviews filmed by your father. Did Mary Bard Jensen share any info about the story of Sandra, which Betty MacDonald mentioned in her book Anybody can do anything?
I particularly like the idea of using dandelion cleanser to make the house sparkle. Now, where's my cauldron...
Born and raised in the North East, once a thriving hub of heavy industry, it is perhaps unsurprising that Helen has developed an interest in machinery. With an extensive family history in farming, she was brought up amidst a variety of machines and has taken an active interest in matters of preservation. Though this interest is widespread, her work focuses on her home life and particularly the steam engines she grew up with. Helen believes that in order to demonstrate the importance of preservation to an audience, she must explain the emotional attachment people develop with machines, particularly those considered obsolete. In Age Shall Not Weary Them the use of screen printed glass represents an attempt to encapsulate imagery permanently, thus preserving it. By featuring drawings of her family photographs, she hopes to encourage an appreciation for the past and an understanding of the significance it can bear to a person.
Or else?
1. My mom was always trying to get me to re-use the brown bags (always the environmentalist) which re-introduce the need to be responsible
You know, in film classes at Rutgers, I certainly heard a lot about mise en scène—the arrangement of actors, sets, props and lighting in a given frame. But even after watching Jacques Tati's Playtime on DVD on more than one occasion, or even after watching the nearly complete oeuvre of Wes Anderson—films by filmmakers who make you pay close attention to their shots simply by filling them up with a sometimes insane amount of complex detail—I honestly don't think I've viscerally sensed the importance of mise en scène in a directorial vision until this theatrical screening of Bigger Than Life. Not only was I fully involved in—and yes, even at times horrified by—the travails of Ed Avery (James Mason) and his cortisone-inspired psychosis, but I also—for maybe the first time in a very long time, if not ever—found my eye frequently wandering all over Ray's widescreen frames, taking in all the details. (Maybe Rebel Without a Cause didn't have the same effect because I saw it on the far smaller dimensions of television?)
Nor does it mourn for that which is wrought by God’s justice, but it laments over that which is committed by man’s iniquity, where he that does wrong is more to be deplored than he who suffers it, because the unjust man’s wrongdoing plunges him into punishment, but the just man’s endurance leads him on to glory.
**Poster’s note: Read this whole article so you can understand that allowing Catholic clerical administrator types to ‘police’ themselves is a big joke. All of these people who knew what was going on and still allowed it need to be prosecuted and jailed.
We were good friends (although nothing else) all through university, and whilst we’ve kept in touch on and off, I’ve only seen him once in the last 10 years or so. As with so many good friends, despite the long absence, as soon as we saw each other, it really was as though we were simply getting together again after a week or so apart – a little news to catch up on (albeit in this case a marriage, and several house and job moves between us), but otherwise just slipping back into the familiar patterns of conversation, especially a genuine interest in each other’s views and ideas about anything and everything.
Yet alive.
being myself completely at work
Imagine being given a whole music store for your birthday, and not some dinky music section like you see in Target, but a music store as big as a Macy’s, with hundreds of thousands of albums. What songs do you play first? That’s what it’s like to subscribe to a music streaming service. You’ve got millions of songs, so how to you live with so many? First, you have to pick which subscription music company you want to join.
This lady owns the littlest amusement park that I’ve ever seen, in Rome.
And now I have to find that rhythm that will help me be at my best to preach three times every Sunday morning. I'm working on a new life rhythm. Here's what I mean...how much prayer do I need to preach well now? How much rest do I need on Saturday nights now? How will family and friends fit in with this? How much free time to make up for increased work time? It may seem like I'm over thinking it, but if I don't find a new rhythm, something will suffer. Whether it's begin too tired because of not enough rest, being harsh due to not enough prayer, or being stressed because I have no margin...spiritually speaking I must take control of my life rhythm. Maybe you should too.
One query per person.
As always, I’m really grateful for my friends and readers here. Thank you, darling thangs. Sweet Mother is always humbled by her community and never fear, if you refuse to go anywhere other than wordpress, regular programming will resume tomorrow.
Not to mention...our local brewers can definitely hold their own. I have no doubt of it. Our guys -- from Victory, to Flying Fish, to Dogfish Head (yeah, they're local enough), to Yards and Philly Brewing, to Iron Hill and McKenzie, to Nodding Head, and even our man Dick Yuengling -- can handle this. They're good. Real good.
I remember seeing KONY 2012 everywhere a few weeks ago. My favorite YouTubers’ videos were spammed with the comments, but they have since ceased. Why? I’m not one hundred percent sure, but I think it’s because the attention span of the internet as a whole is about two weeks.
“The evil of the city seems to unaffect those who have wealth and the cruelty of the world is seldom felt by those who have never fought for a meal. I, for one, will never see the world without its ruthlessness ever again. My eyes are not wide to its splendors.” Jeromy Bleamy. London, March 11, 1803.
I am shocked, thrilled and a little excited (okay A LOT excited) to have received an honor I only have dreamed about...
And for our last night..are you ready for this??? It was Carlanda Brown Williamson's birthday and we had a surprise birthday party for her at the Madrona. (yes she was 29) Livvie had asked Misty if she would come to the party and she said YES!! Wait..it gets better!! Livvie had also arranged for us to purchase one of Misty's paintings for Carlanda's birthday. Misty was so generous!! Wait..it gets better!! So it's the last night of Artfest, we're having a surprise party...want the guest line up??? Misty Mawn, Katie Kendrick, Judy Wise, Stephanie Lee, Kecia Deveney, Danielle Daniel, Juliette Crane, John Hammond, Keli McKinley Hansen, Pam Kirshenbaum, Carrie TuTu Clayton
Then I receive a SMS from my step-son: “DEPEND ON IT – GOD KEEPS HIS WORD. DOUBT IS A DEMONIC DETOUR. WHEN YOU GET TO WHERE GOD WANTS YOU TO BE, HIS PROVISION WILL ALREADY BE IN PLACE, NO TURNING BACK“.
Vanilla Malt Buttercream
Above is a new stamp I bought from Debbie Moore, I think I could of coloured her face a bit better but there you go. Used Mather Stewart punch down the side forgot who the corner punch is but love this punch and of coarse a die cut for the sentiment.
It reminded me of Paco's in Mar Vista except they had cool stuff like Birria Jalisco Style and lots and lots of seafood. I predictably ordered a crispy chicken taco/enchilada combo. It was $8 or so.
"The Lord will smite you with consumption and with fever and with inflammation and with fiery heat and with the sword and with blight and with mildew, and they will pursue you until you perish.
4) Go for a walk to test weather resistance of new outfit.
I just watched footage from the 12/10/03 press conference announcing the Atlantic Yards project. (Go to this list and find the December 10 "Economic Development Announcement.")
*Borrow a bike
Now, if you're also into FIREARMS, this might be the place for you...because you might have to USE them to dissuade some prowler trying to break in and steal your stuff in the early morning hours.
Our lying media would have have us believe otherwise. In the aftermath of of the Bikubi and Banu trial “experts” - mainly black- appeared on our TV screen to claim that such events occur in all racial and ethnic groups, including, as one claimed earlier this week, “the host community”. Not one journalist was honest or honourable enough to tell him he was a lying little creep.
have been blogging for about the same amount of time, too. So, it’s been fun to see our blogs grow together. Brittany is one of the nicest girls…really she is. Her goal is to motivate and empower women to learn to use tools and do DIY home projects. She has some amazing tutorials – even video tutorials – on how to use basic power tools.
1 plainly
Was $172.23 to get a new battery, installation, and another issue checked. We got it back the following weekend when the EXACT SAME THING happened with Clint’sBonneville IN THE EXACT SAME SITUATION. Stay tuned for the next blog post for that. This also explains why this post was 1 week late. We couldn’t even compile the list of our booty until several days later.
The new version, brought to us by the folks behind the nearby Ace Hotel, retains the great pool area and, from what I can tell, the reasonable price, but adds a whole lotta personality. It's also pet-friendly, which I always like, even if traveling with our dogs is out of the question.
I’m a little frightened. I’m getting that feeling again, the one I’ve been managing to keep at arm’s length for a while now. I feel like I’m falling back into it again. It’s becoming more frequent because now I don’t have 9 hours a day to ignore it all and get worn out to the point where it doesn’t matter.
The Top 3 this week, in no particular order are:
You want photo ops
Cooper had already testified last week that she had been prepared to pronounce Jackson dead at 12:57 pm, when paramedics had been at his Holmby Hills mansion for nearly 30 minutes but seen no signs of life.
As a result, their debut album 'See This Through...' is a defiant, often thrilling, monstrosity.
Look at the numbers. Most craft brew drinkers are drinking Sam Adams Boston Lager, Sierra Nevada Pale Ale, New Belgium Fat Tire Amber, Harpoon IPA (and Blue Moon Belgian White, if we're going to be honest and look at this in terms of "craft" styles). That's where the sales are that are getting us even close to 4%. I think things are going to shift even more towards those brands, because they'll have the steadiest prices and the most consistent product. Experimentation tends to go down when prices go up. Flagships will do well.
Today I offer thanksgiving for…
I have an old vinyl record which I believe is Coleman Hawkins’ last studio album. As such, for me it has a value well beyond gold or diamonds or critic’s comments. I expect that if this is Mike’s final studio work his many fans and admirers will feel the same about Uptown.
My card is pretty much a one-layer card. Well, it's one layer mounted on a card base. I've veered away slightly from my usual A2 card, and cut this one at 4 1/4" x 6" because I needed just a little extra room for all the stamps I was using. Everything is stamped directly onto the white card except for the main sentiment and the paper-pieced central image which are mounted with foam tape.
Its my kitchen tea and hen night coming up very soon and I am really looking forward to it! EEK! The wedding is all I can think of at the moment so it will be nice to spend some time with my best girls relaxing, laughing and having fun. I'm so excited!
We quickly called our Relator and found out some more details. They didn’t like the location of the house. Seriously? They couldn’t figure that out BEFORE signing a contract? I was so angry. I was just done. We went to the city to drown our sorrows in drinks and sushi. Luckily stumbling on a great sushi restaurant cheered us up a bit, but we were still in a funk.
You can tell a lot about a person when they feel relief after walking into a Bohemia doctor’s office.
Later that night, Jin Oh puts the jewelry box down in front of Hae Ra and asks her to marry him. She looks as if she’s about to cry. She opens up the box to find a beautiful engagement ring in there.
In conversation with a psychologist friend once, he said, “We are all biased. All of us. Even judges. It’s part of being human.”
Disclosure: Received from publisher, thank you!!
Beat the melted butter and sugar together with a wire whisk or hand mixer for abt 15 seconds. (Don’t bother getting out your electric kit for this; it’s all pretty quick and easy…)
And like that football coach turned commentator,
HOW: Donate relief goods at the drop-off points.
Meg Gardiner was born in Oklahoma and raised in Santa Barbara, California. She graduated from Stanford University and Stanford law school. She practiced law in Los Angeles and taught writing at the University of California, Santa Barbara. Her novel CHINA LAKE won the 2009 Edgar Award from the Mystery Writers of America for Best Paperback Original. THE DIRTY SECRETS CLUB won the Romantic Times Reviewers' Choice Award for Best Procedural Novel of 2008. Meg lives with her husband, Paul Shreve, and their three children near London. LIAR'S LULLABY is her eighth novel.
Herein lies the rub. In America, nicknames confer intimacy and familiarity. And in this way, they are wildly democraticizing. If Prince Charles is “Chuckie,” then suddenly, you don’t really see him as the future King of England. He’s more like your next door neighbor or the guy at Home Depot. He’s “Chuckie from the block.” And this, to Americans, is not an insult. Yes, it’s a debunking of the aristocracy. But we Yankees believe that this is a good thing – a necessary correction of an antiquated, unjust order, in fact—and that being “down home” and “keeping it real” are so much better. We’re a country, after all, that maintains that anyone can grow up to be president – and in which everyone insists they “just want to be treated like everyone else.”
It is much the same in classrooms today. The main difference is that in my youth you gave Valentines to those you wished and now you are required to give each child a card whether or not you like them. It is insurance to make certain no child is left out of the caring and love intended for the day. A nice improvement.
The first patrol car arrived right away, followed by two more one man cars. We began giving information to Patrolman Artie D.'Ambrosia. Detective Michael Carney, a friend, rolled up, alone in his car, then others arrived. As I showed them where the shooter had stood, we spotted four .22 caliber shell casing on the ground, and I knew that what I thought had been a revolver in the the shooter's hand was instead a semi-automatic pistol which ejects its spent casings. I was kicking myself for telling the dispatcher that I thought I had seen a revolver.
The time slot for the delivery came and went and nothing showed up. I gave them half an hour leeway before picking up the phone to express my concern. My concern pretty soon turned to mild irritation as I was passed from option to yet more options on their automated switchboard. Finally I got to speak to a human, who was quite obviously using a headset and shuffling paper whilst talking to me. Despite the crackling on the line and her obvious disinterest I persevered.
72 hours of anatomy lab
“Don’t worry, Sunny, you’re going to be alright…” Of course I was! There was nothing wrong with me! But why was this nurse telling me that? Tell the doctors, tell them! I don’t need an operation!
Whenever I pick up my son from preschool, I generally take him directly to the bathroom. He has developed an aversion to going to the potty by himself at school..don't ask me why, it's a long and complicated story. After multiple instances of having an accident before we get home, OR waiting until I'm strapping him into his car seat and telling me he has to go potty, I've solved this by just going directly into the bathroom with him. It's completely enabling, I know. He has me trained instead of the other way around...anyway, let's not go there so I can avoid some Mom-guilt.
* Roast the chiles on the grill. A second rack up off of the main grilling surface works best.
What does it all mean?
It is the same thing with the U.S. economy. We once had the most incredible economic machine that the world has ever seen. It is constantly being gutted and the financial crisis of 2008 hit us really hard, but we are still doing okay. After this next financial crisis we will be in even worse shape. But we will still be breathing. More "waves" will come after this next financial crisis. If we continue on the road that we are on, our economy will progressively get worse and worse.
Those numbers are augmented by the numbers of Catholics in other English speaking countries worldwide (e.g. Australia, the United Kingdom, Canada, etc). Prayers that people recite every week seep into the depths of their psyche. They affect how they think, how they act, and how they vote; therefore, this new translation will affect you personally and our society as well.
or comment here, or on the blog on the site. What would you LOVE to see a digi of?
B is the bad back,
I had on a loose-fitting, light colored tank top and comfortable running shorts. I also wore a hat, sunglasses and waterproof sunscreen to protect myself from the sun. Where I failed miserably is that I wore a BLACK hat (it was all I had), so needless to say, after about 5 miles, I tossed the hat to the side of the course because my head was roasting (which may have contributed to the heat exhaustion issue).
I have never had so little time in my life.
plowed and plowed,
On the subject of alcohol, we have both decided to cut out drinking during the week. Sharing a bottle of wine in the evening had become a habit. It felt like a reward for the challenges we had faced during the day. But, aside from the health risks, when I worked out how much we were spending I realised that it would pay for a holiday.
Richmond Mayor Sally Hutton proclaimed Wednesday, Feb. 15 a “Day of Caring” at the Richmond Community Blood Center (CBC) branch in memory of Tressel Meinardi, the seven-month-old Richmond boy who died from a tragic operating room error, yet whose “life story touched thousands” and today benefited others through the gift of life.
16th Feb 2012 Thursday SpitalfieldsMarket, London, UK
32. Despise You - Blindside Assault
Anyway, one of the VSN challenges was to do the bandana technique, which I had never done before. While I was making my faux bandana print for the challenge, I was thinking that the white gel pen is kind of the crafting version of the spork. It just makes everything better - helps you get a little more out of everything stampy.
Rachel Gomme & John Levack Drever
This scene felt wondrous to me, and it came not from a fear that Fairbanks could fail, but instead, from the anticipation of seeing how he would accomplish this impossible feat. For it is a feat, just as a circus strongman performs a feat when he lifts an enormous amount of weight. First he shows us the weight, then we marvel at the challenge of it. But we hardly paid to see him fail. We’d actually be shocked if he did.
I was released from hospital a day early on Christmas Eve (21 days after I was first admitted!!) but I was under doctor's orders to get the baby's weight checked the next day on Christmas Day because she was still losing weight and I was breast feeding and supplementing with formula. We had her checked daily for the next while and she kept losing weight. Finally, I got too worried to keep breast feeding and I decided to switch to directly feeding formula only. For the next day or so, she still only drank the amount of formula she was drinking when I was trying to breast feed, which tells me she wasn't getting much of anything when I was trying to breast feed. I finally managed to increase her formula intake and her weight started to creep up. She had gotten down to below 7 lbs!! She still isn't the greatest eater in the world, and not everyone can make her eat at all. But we are working it out together and she is at least gaining weight now. She is up to 9.6 lbs!! I am so proud of her. She sleeps almost all the time, sometimes even taking her bottle in her sleep. She has a full head of dark curly hair and we still can't make out what color her eyes are. I am leaning towards hazel or steel gray. I wish there was a eye color specialist who could look at them and give us a definitive answer as hers seem to change depending on the light. She hates getting baths but loves cuddling. She is slightly over a month and lifts her head, smiles at you and even giggles in her sleep (which is the cutest thing you have ever seen!).
As with many steampunk creations there is that blurred line between magical fantasy and science where the reader must sit back and simply enjoy the ride and this book delivers a twisting, turning ride of secrets and lies; hideous monsters that aren't always what they seem; and some really gruesome deeds and deaths - not gory but nonetheless disturbing.
Of course, I just ended up with the exact same back piece that I would if I'd followed the pattern directly and why wasn't this obvious to me earlier? The problem isn't the width at the shoulder. It's the fullness that remains where my back narrows below (that's the back piece on the dress form below, not on me, btw).
Anyone tackling any organizing or building projects this weekend?
“Sound Bible exposition is an imperative must in the Church of the Living God. Without it no church can be a New Testament church in any strict meaning of that term. But exposition may be carried on in such way as to leave the hearers devoid of any true spiritual nourishment whatever. For it is not mere words that nourish the soul, but God Himself, and unless and until the hearers find God in personal experience they are not the better for having heard the truth. The Bible is not an end in itself, but a means to bring men to an intimate and satisfying knowledge of God, that they may enter into Him, that they may delight in His presence, may taste and know the inner sweetness ofr the very God Himself in the core and center of their hearts…
6 write
And I have nothing.
But there does seem to be one common theme to most everything I write -- love.
I really can’t tell you how frustrated I am at the situation. It’s almost as if they don’t want the work. I thought this was a recession?
I’d imply that America’s cities and factories could run on wind power and wishes. I’d teach children how to ignore the hypocrisy of condemning logging, mining and farming — while having roofs over their heads, heat in their homes and food on their tables. I would never teach children that the free market is the only force in human history to uplift the poor, establish the middle class and create lasting prosperity.
She added that an officer stayed at the polling station for around half an hour until tensions had eased between candidates.
God comes not too soon or too late.
I'm way behind on reading this because... I'm not sure why. Library troubles and other excuses. But still, a third into it and it's weird not to read from Kristina's perspective like the first two books, but even more heart-breaking that it's her children instead.
Lots of changes are happening around here and one of them is the location of my office. For too long my office has been located in a room in the northern end of our home. The room receives little natural light and I'll just be honest, it can be depressing to work there. Natural light makes me one happy girl so I have decided to takes my business to the sunroom. The other day, my husband and I made a road trip to Ikea to check out the desks.
Patrick DeWitt's Booker shortlisted "The Sisters Brothers" is a first person picaresque as two killer brothers, Eli and Charlie Sisters (hence the somewhat awkward title), begin their latest job for their employer, the shadowy "Commodore." As they are killers their job is a simple one, to go to San Francisco to kill a man called Herman Kermit Warm. Along the way, in the tradition of the picaresque, they encounter odd characters, find themselves in various scrapes and incidents. A heady mix of "Candide" and "As I Lay Dying" would give you a good idea of what the trip is like. Our narrator, Eli, is no Pangloss though, rather he sees this as the worst of possible worlds, where good things are unlikely to happen, money comes and goes, and the killing goes on, as inevitable as any other job. That he and his brother are good at it - the cold-blooded Charlie being adept at whipping up the temper of the milder Eli to make them a formidable killing team. Only now and then, when they mention who they are, do we realise that the Sisters Brothers are notorious across the land. It is this contrast between their bloody profession and Eli's underplayed narrating, which makes the novel such a comic gem. He may be a reluctant killer, but he doesn't doubt his calling. Instead, as they head to their destination, with the Commodore promoting his brother to lead man, and his new horse, Tub, a sorry specimen, Eli begins to come to a new consciousness about his life. Along the way he removes himself from his brother's drinking and whoring to speak to a woman or two, takes advice on dental hygiene from a dentist he meets along the way and begins to think of a better life.
I think brains also needs to be included in this. We may see different factors within each of the three points, but without all three, a true partner cannot exist.
What a gorgeous drink this really is.
I have made this pancake recipe three times, in the last month. I feel it is my duty to share this recipe with all of you. You will thank me. I spotted this recipe on "Coleen's Recipe's" in early June. Coleen named them "Best Pancakes", and that's a tall claim! Truthfully, I don't eat traditional pancakes very often, but my husband loves them. I'm more of a "Swedish Pancake" lover, but I have to say that Coleen was being very accurate. The first time I made this recipe, I added olallieberries to the batter. These pancakes are also delicious just plain. Coleen's claim turned out be very accurate.
Release my fear
It's no secret we are in the midst of a major heatwave here in Dallas. Temperatures today topped just over 110 degrees Fahrenheit, with indexes in the high teens. To top things off, we've had one small rain event in the past two months. My home is conditioned at a frigid 82 degrees and I say frigid because it feels like a meat locker when I come in from the outside.
My son was just diagnosed with Autism so my husband and I are learning all we can to help our little man. We are continuing early intervention with speech and are on a waiting list of occupational therapy. We appreciate the little things that others take for granted. Such as a real hair cut without a melt down, it went really well.
“You did.”
1 Tbsp fish sauce
Papers: Stampin' Up Garden Green and Wassau White cardstocks
military academies in Eastern Europe.
Of course, Turkey’s strategy is not smart vis-à-vis the White House or the Department of State, because they’ve broken the rules of democratic engagement. The current escalation creates unnecessary tensions; is based on unmediated, unilateral interests instead of searching for viable compromise; and has no longer-term perspective. And it goes beyond the question of whether or not Turkey’s government has a legitimate point in its criticism of Israel. The present oratory also undermines Turkey’s economic and security interests. This type of posture provides space for destabilizing actors in the region, ultimately endangering the country’s newly established political recognition in regions other than Europe.
“Make a joyful noise to the LORD, all the earth!
An animal totem is a spiritual guide who gets our attention by being something we are drawn to throughout our lifetime. Is there an animal with whom you've always felt a deep kinship? Do you run into images of this animal over and over again? Do you collect images of an animal? Conversely, is there an animal of whom you are terrified? Or have you been bitten by an animal? Sometimes the totem seeks a sharp means of connecting.
Simple. Snow gear.
- Maggie Beer spiced pear paste. Trumps quince past any day!
He died to redeem us from sin and Law,
April 21st.. I think it was about 21:30 when we drove off from ’s Hertogenbosch. The weather was terrible and while we were driving (unfortunately I was the designated driver) with a group of friends, I noticed how badly I need glasses in the car.. I couldn’t see a thing, which made the hour and a halve trip to Hasselt a bit more exciting for all of us. We arrived at the spot and parked our cars. While the rest went to the entrance, Thomas and I walked to the crew entrance.
How would you like to introduce auhm?
There are quite a few brand names which are preferred within the mobile phone marketplace that have attracted the particular men and women through the globe. Nokia, Blackberry mobile phones, Samsung, LG and so on. are usually several of this brand name names that happen to be well-known inside the market. Each of the corporations possess released your mobile phones which has a number of functions. The actual LG mobiles and also BlackBerry mobile phones could be compared within this regard. Both equally of those manufacturers tend to be launching the the handsets using loads of refined functions. Your types these companies possess quite a few equivalent along with distinct attributes. Consumers can certainly decide on any on the products seeing that every his or her selection.
We’re limited in choices, dear
When done, drain on paper towels and, while still hot, coat throughly with the jerk seasoning you made. Serve while still hot.
It’s Not Just Numbers
Any suggestions for other tasting notes? If you follow the format correctly, it should read ‘one bad tasting thing’ and ‘one other bad tasting thing.’
A few years back I had an amazing realisation while I was attending an Anothony Robbins event. Tony explained that relationships serve to magnify an experience. I couldn’t agree more.
sounds by bashing together unlikely objects.
And, finally here are this week's adorable sample cards to help inspire you from the 7 Kids College Fund Design Team. If you like what you see, click on the card to be taken to the store to purchase the stamp used!
James Audiffred, 38, New York, N.Y.
Some info: Huddersfield Examiner
Peripheral equipment will be connected to your laptop through USB ports. You will make your life much less complicated by ensuring that your laptop has adequate ports. Connecting equipment such as printers, scanners, and digital cameras will be much simpler if you have the ports readily available. If you are not sure, thoroughly read the specs for any laptop that you are considering purchasing.
Steph also sent me her signature bag of goodies and treats which included ribbon, buttons, charms, and wool- all gorgeous- and two little plastic bags of 'ingredients' for making felties as my new feltie book (Felties by Nelly Pailloux, here on Amazon) arrived last week. Hurrah! Steph also sent me one of her goddess figures which my Mum had ordered- I chose a goddess from Steph's contributions to the travelling craft box swop (see my post here) and Mum thought they were great so we commissioned Steph to make another! (Check out Steph's folksy shop here for more of her lovely creations!)
Accessories - Stick Pins, Spellbinders Embossing Folder, SU Wild Wasabi Ribbon, Pearls, Grass Die from My Favorite Things
I’ll be adding them to my shop over the next couple of days, but if anyone would like one before that, just send me an email and I’ll put it to one side for you. They cost £11.99, and are completely washable and tumble-dry beautifully. My children have been using their ones for the last 2 years and all I do is throw them into the wash at the end of the week – no more smelly lunchboxes! As the outsides are made using good quality cotton, they last really well too, the ones we use still look as good as new, even after 2 years of weekly washing.
1 cite
Leads ancient lords and reverend bishops on
One of the biggest helps around our house is my meal plan. Seriously. I love to cook, when I’m in the mood. And I’m not always in the mood. With full days it’s easy for me to forget to think about dinner, so I don’t and then at 4 I wonder what we’re going to eat. Meal planning has saved me so much brain space!
I don't have any tattoo. Wala rin akong body piercing. Except for my multi-vitamins, i am not taking any medication and yun nga, never pa akong nag donate ng blood.
Despite thinking about, and wanting to, write down goals last week it obviously didn't happen. We had a very busy week and I did get a lot accomplished.
Two other words for credit, besides a loan, are trust and faith. These have broken down, as one of the world’s most dangerous bubbles, the copper bubble is beginning to burst. Don Martin on April 27, 2011, wrote on the Copper Bubble. The world production of copper is about 5.7 million metric tons a year, so that is a huge amount of phony demand. If this demand had never occurred then the price would be a lot lower and a lot of economic indicators would be less bullish.I have seen this pattern before in America, where people overbuilt the housing market, making GDP bigger because of building an unneeded asset that was falsely labeled as an investment but which was really a losing speculation. The same happened in Ireland. These commodity bubbles are labeled as proof of inflation and proof that a full employment economy is about to occur, when in fact they are simply bubbles.
“Naturally many would want to perform Haj with him including me.
PAC-MAN, the world famous arcade classic, returns in this faithful rendition for Google Android devices!
Peer Helping Interviews begin April 30th. Students being interviewed are responsible for arriving at their interview on time. Students cannot be in Peer Helping without successfully completing the interview.
It's been a loooong time since I've posted here! Not that I haven't been creating...I just haven't posted (shame on me...lol). The card that I have below is one that I made for a friend who is going through a really rough time right now. Actually, she has been going through A LOT of rough times with her health, family, and marriage...but through it all she has managed to hang in there and not give up. She is such a blessing to my life, and I do my best to encourage her and help her hold her head high no matter what.
Here he is at work:
Answer these questions with one word and then hand the award over to others.
I didn’t go back to therapy. I’m only now getting over that little ordeal. But, as is His way with me, I’ve come to terms with the whole fiasco of metaphorically having three breasts by approaching the problem from God’s point of view. Maybe God wanted me to have three breasts…In fact, maybe in some strange way, God had given me the gift of wisdom, just not in the way I was expecting or to the degree I had once thought. Is it not still a gift from God, even if it is delivered to you in an unexpected way? And He is quite able to put you right back into your place when you try to take credit for the gift He gave you, or have pride in your talent as if you’d achieved it all by yourself. Jesus certainly got my attention on that little crappy characteristic of mine…And He did it because my pride would have infected every bit of what He was trying to do with the talents He had entrusted to this particular servant.
Extracts from reviews:
1) It's OK to ask for help. You are not any less amazing because you can't do it all. In fact, you are even more amazing because you realize to stay sane, you need some sidekicks!
“Not going to school?”
Amelia Plume is a decently wealthy young lady looking to get married. She dreams of adventures and passion: she spends her time reading raunchy romance novels (insert laugh here, LOL) and wants to get awaaaaay from England.
Let's start with this simple premise:
78. Richie Havens - Wild Night (3:29)
GILBERTS COVE, DIGBY CO., NOVA SCOTIA, CANADA
Her own eyes continue to flicker closed as she finds herself basking in the gentle ministrations of these strange creatures. One of the soldiers takes hold of her left arm firmly, and before she can object, forces the ball back into the socket. Searing pain shoots through her body for an eternity, but eventually she returns, feeling hands stroking her shoulder and hair, the soldier solicitous and fawning. She reaches up and strokes its cheek, and it preens under her touch, affectionately nuzzling at her hand.
It is really important to keep the sponge in the separate compartment as if you leave it sitting on the powder it will seal the powder due to oil contamination.
It seems as though that side of me has been fading away. Just today, my husband went on ahead to his parent's house with the baby, while I stayed home and pumped. He had been out and about today, visiting, and I was home with the baby until they left. Normally, I would have been angry at being left behind, but today, I felt that anger melting away. I pumped knowing that this milk is best for my son. I took my shower and put on some clean clothes and headed over to dinner.
More weird. You were doing bodywork with your hands all in my hips and legs and neck and glutes. Meanwhile we were both talking about being molested and sex. GEEZ! Sometimes your hotness makes me feel hate towards you. I have let hot men manipulate me sometimes and make me feel awful and rejected other times.
Lesson 1: The most important thing I can do to keep improving as a teacher is to keep placing myself in the position of learning new things. The discomfort, confusion, coping - I have to keep coming back to it and back to it. The goal is perceiving myself, even when facing thirty teenagers, as an "accomplished novice" instead of an "answer-filled expert." How do teachers move from expert to novice? That is hard to do and even hard to think about - a desirable pathway but a difficult one to find. But the "accomplished novice" attitude is one I respect in the best teachers I know. If I don't keep placing myself in the learner role, I forget, forget, forget. "Answer-filled expert" is the pattern of habits I fall into when I forget.
We can learn a lot from nature, in fact I think God must chuckle sometimes when the creatures in nature seem like they have it together more than us humans. Jesus shared about this in the above scripture…birds, he says, have nothing to do with planting or gathering food, but yet they trust that God, their creator WILL feed them. That is why they can sing when it’s still dark outside. Unlike us sometimes we have to have the most optimal conditions in order to praise and thank God; these creatures in their little “bird brains” know that if God thought enough of them to create them, then they had better be about what He created them for! AND be obedient about doing it whether it’s dark outside or a sunshiny day!
Chickpea 1/4 cup
Please note that the link to King Features Syndicates page for the Mark Trail comic strip no longer works. Instead, use this link instead.
So anyway, if the editors are agreeable that the historically Singaporean focus early on in E@L's blog, particularly in its early incarnation, Expat-at-large, back when all things Singaporean irritated him, qualify him, they might, just might, let him onto the list, and ye who search for blogs from this region might find E@L and send his stats way up there... to somewhere just below Xiaxue...
I did think ahead on this one, so they were ready to go, I just needed to wait for RSVPs to come in so that I would send them to those guests that were attending. My goal is to send them all out one month in advance of the wedding, and then any stragglers thereafter, to guests & any vendors that should know where they needed to go.
“One, a Ponzi scheme collects money from new investors and uses it to pay previous investors—minus a fee. But Social Security collects money from new investors, uses some of it to pay previous investors, and spends the surplus on programs for politically favored groups—minus the cost of supporting a massive bureaucracy. Over the years, trillions of dollars have been spent on these groups and bureaucrats.
THE BRIKS: Foolish Baby
I saw it last week here in the desert when spring-like weather lifted everyone's spirits. People took to the outdoors, baring knees and smiles.
The Liberty of Sonship
Fresh Sardines Baked & Topped With Caramelized
Sasha now has a ‘yes’ bias to his calling that gives purpose to every encounter. He is trying to live life as a ‘yes man’ in response to the issues that grip his heart.
1 rib celery
I’m surrounded by black mould if I open my door.
Stylish and muscular, you want to visit
NATIONAL DETECTIVE CASES in 1941
Here, at last, is a simple process for getting the most from all the feedback the world offers us."
Fangs.
This is just the kind of thing about self that annoys self.
Butternut Squash-yum yum yum
Rock of Ages,
He contributed two stories to the Cthulhu Mythos: “The Fire Vampires” (1933) and “The Tree-Men of M’Bwa” (1933). Wandrei and August Derleth later co-founded the publishing house Arkham House to keep Lovecraft’s legacy alive, an action for which Wandrei is perhaps better remembered than for his own fiction. Much of the editorial work on Lovecraft’s Selected Letters series as published by Arkham House in five volumes, was performed by Wandrei.
Middle middle: tinselly pandas, inside Emporium
Hopefully you all rose to the challenge last week and you've been putting away shopping carts every time you've gone shopping. This week's challenge involves putting something IN the shopping cart ~ Pajamas!
Climbing. Sliding. Walking on woodchips. SMILING.
We decided to spray and hit it at the same time well, haha that didn't turn out as we planned, let me put it to you this way, a black hornet was on my hand and I didn't realize and then it stung me and that time, I realized that it had stung me...
-EcoFriendliness
Let’s clarify through some questions about this context. I agree it is about change, but as the context is demonstrating, the change occurs via resurrection as I am sure you would agree. However, let’s ask the following.
And yet, you came to see Me
I can honestly say that this book has become my favorite. So much so that I am debating going to buy a physical copy of it as well (right now, all I have is the iBooks copy) and reading that version, too. I started reading at about 11 AM this morning, had 3 hours of class and 3 hours of homework, skipped dinner and the gym, and finished it. I have never been so enthralled by a novel before in my life. Ever. This book is absolutely fantastic.
A crashing subtlety, the hurt waned.
You see we are not really called to be God’s executor’s of justice. God has put all authority in place to accomplish that. Romans 13 tells us that “…there is no authority except from God, and the authorities that exist are appointed by God.” He goes on to say that those He has put in authority are “…God's minister to you for good. But if you do evil, be afraid; for he does not bear the sword in vain; for he is God's minister, an avenger to execute wrath on him who practices evil.” 1 Peter 2:13-14 (NKJV) continues to explain, “Therefore submit yourselves to every ordinance of man for the Lord's sake, whether to the king as supreme, or to governors, as to those who are sent by him for the punishment of evildoers and for the praise of those who do good.” God has put a process in place to ensure that this young woman will be dealt with and justice shall be served.
-Teach a flower class in Tuscany
I say, Christ is interceding for we see this in Romans 8:34.
Then she and MK went and looked through old photos after telling us they like it here more than with their birth parents because they were "evil".
Today I'm feeling much better thankfully! We went to church this morning, and now the hubster has some of the neighbors over for football. His uncle works for KFC corporate, so we got free chicken and sides (hooray), I made a pepper jelly appetizer (recipe coming Thursday), bought some Chocolate Chunk Macadamia Cookies (they're really good), and called it a party - it's just for men..they don't care! My plan today was to finally get out all of the Fall decor, but seeing as I'm in bed now while typing this, doesn't look like it's going to happen either. Hey, everyone deserves a relaxing weekend lounging around right? Hope yours was good too!
In my younger days, my per-responsibilities days, I went to work sometimes and sometimes I didn't...Fridays or Mondays were if-y. I paid my bills mostly, sometimes I didn't. I never ate on a regular basis, never. And I very rarely loved myself, almost never.
House blessing & organization: I’m sure you’ve heard that to get things done you’ve got to raise some dust. Well, in order to kick up some dust around here, I first needed to raise some motivation, encouragement, and support. So, slowly I have done that. Finding some online cleaning buddies I could work with a few times a day makes cleaning more fun and less isolating. And racing to empty the dishwasher or rescue a room adds an element of urgency that gets the task done in 1/2 the time. Now I’d like to have some regular morning, afternoon, and evening routines in place by the end of this 100 days. So that is where my focus will turn for the next several weeks. Perhaps 12 days or so per routine to really get them down and fine tune their efficiency.
A key issue will be how any Treasury funding is handled. The original New Town Model was of course all Treasury funding up front but the treasury gets all the benefits. There will be big infrastructure costs up front, and the lack of equity to do this severely hampered Letchworth for example which for years had to cope with mud roads and just one shop. Of course we currently have zero bound interest rates so it is a good time to invest. However credit is in short supply, and the Treasury is hesitant to expand public debt. An appropriate approach then might be for the Treasury to guarantee loans, as they are doing for example now for mortgages. This might be essential as lenders might insist on ‘in possession’ clauses on defaults which would be disastrous for any Garden City model. This again would be a good reason for legally separating freehold ownership into a trust.
I walk over to the window and explore. Yes, the window is open. And yes, the smell is coming from outside, but I cannot locate its origin.
-they fight into the crowd, typical spots here
(1) The use
If I keep working,
Paper - 140 Pound Watercolor Paper
The (rather unexpected) result of all of this is his advertising base has had it and are now walking (running ?) away. Rush, now in a panic, seeing his multi-million dollar gravy train pulling out without him has tried to fix the damage by releasing the following statement:
in the eye. I’m a pepper spray cop pimp!
The Koeberg Alert Alliance is planning a series of events in March to raise awareness and increase support for our vision of a nuclear power free South Africa
My name is Susan and I'm thrilled to be a part of Stacie's review team! I was born and raised in Ontario and decided, after getting a degree in English Literature and History, to become a librarian in a small rural community. I've been married for ten years and, in my spare time, I enjoy working out, reading, fundraising for local community groups and spending time with my family!
The CNN poll in October that found that almost as many people said they liked George W. Bush as President Obama seemed like it was either a case of some drunk counting the numbers, or a headline grabbing ploy by CNN on a slow news day. The poll seemed to add even more insult to absurdity when it found that a statistically insignificant 2 percent said that Bush was a worse president than Obama. A year earlier Obama had more than a 20 percent edge over Bush in the number that ranked him a far better president than Bush. But now Gallup has weighed in with its poll on Bush’s alleged renewed popularity. It went even than the earlier poll and found that Bush has edged past Obama by one percentage point as the better ranked president. Gallup just crunches the numbers and doesn’t really go to deep into why the supposed stunning turnaround in Bush’s popularity other than to chalk it up to the passage of time, short memories, a little historical revisionism, and of course, Bush’s well orchestrated and scripted book tour filled with adulatory, and puff ball interviews.
This bill, introduced by Representative Eliot Engel (D-NY) in November of 2010 is being amended and has not yet been reintroduced in the 2011 session of Congress. This legislation is designed to promote optimal maternity outcomes by making evidence-based maternity care a national priority.
Proceedings began - as they traditionally do - on the Monday night (the 13th) when the collective forces of the French fire fighting
Comments: Sip this one from a snifter, like they tell you to do.
istavanski... a colonder is the person responsible for inserting the colon on marquees. it can also be used to designate the person responsible for performing a colonoscopy.
Until the next economic crisis, that is. Who, I always wonder, will these people from the fly-by-night colleges be managing with their spanking-new phantom management degrees?
The Question is a relatively heavy one: “Who are we?” Good grief. If the Mole Sisters knew the answer to that question, they would be tiny little fictional Nobel Laureates. Luckily for parents (who may not want to answer philosophical questions posed by small people) the author/illustrator provides concrete and easy answers. The Mole Sisters play in the water and decide they are not fish. They make shadow puppets in the sand and decide that they are not birds. They explore a gi-normous snail shell and decide that they are not snails. They are…the mole sisters, of course! “And that,” ends the book, “was enough thinking for one day.”
We took our plastic purchase outside to examine it. There was no gold leaf or added embellishment for our 20c. Disappointed, we decided to ask our fellow commuters what they thought of the Spoon Levy.
Why I did cast the world away;
Highest percentage. Rochford, Trinity, 32.2%. John Hayter.
The delegates, aged between 12 and 18 years of age, will explore issues that are pertinent to themselves and their peers under the theme, and have broken the conference into three parallel areas: Business, Music and Media.
Others however would valorise the self-same features. ‘The intolerable scandal in the time before Freudian sexuality was sanctified was that it was so ‘intellectual,’ wrote Lacan approvingly, who claimed to ‘recognize bad psychoanalysts…by the word they use to deprecate all technical or theoretical research…’intellectualization.” Lacan himself – with his ‘grafting of an ambitious philosophy of ‘the human’ on to an argument purporting to be a contribution to the study of specific mental disorders’- was of course exposed to exactly the same charge: ‘My own conception of the dynamics of the unconscious has been called an intellectualization – on the grounds that I based the function of the signifier in the forefront.’
"Sorry, Sissy, not today."
Well he’d have his revenge. Rolly Thompson was a dead man walking. Assuming he took the usual route home from the pub.
Looking solely at SOV limits the field of measurement to a handpicked set of competitors, and misses the larger context — and larger opportunity to use social media.
Ah life! Filled with many ups and downs, highs and lows, rights and wrongs.
But officials with the institute say that the allegations are false and that the whistle-blower was fired for poor performance. The ex-employee has sued the county for wrongful termination. At one point, county officials said, the whistle-blower offered to retract his complaint and settle the case for $250,000.
to sing
Mind you, ebay is pretty good at solving the search for many a dreamed of thing. Of the several bits of gorgeous fabric I've had from Jane, there's one that is my absolute favourite. I love it so much, so I've stopped using it. That way it'll never be all used up. Then last weekend I stumbled across a large sheet and pillowcase of the adored fabric on ebay. I bid big bucks to bash everyone else out of the way as I wanted it bad.
St. Peter chains them together and says,
Strange images flashed up. At one point I ‘saw’ her extract some horrible insect. It was so clear and visceral I nearly started off the couch. And oh,when she touched my heart area, there were deep stabs of pain - not from her hands, but oh so deep inside. I was undone. Tears rose and then quietly dispersed.
After seeing the commercials run on the Super Bowl, I called up one of their managing directors I was friends with and congratulated him--then asked him how much it cost. "$10 million smackeroos, plus residuals," he replied.
I’m also going to go for a nice walk (weather permitting, obviously) and actually concieve a novel! Spring is slowly turning into Summer, and this would be a great time to leave my writer’s block ever so far behind!
I see God’s face
I feel like such an 80's child in this dress. It totally reminds me of something I'd put on one of my Barbies for a date night with Ken back in the day, all I need is my pink convertible. I actually wore it for my friends bridal shower which was way more fun then hangin' with Barbie.
Hat brim - combo of ornament and large oval
When the kids had dances I would email my ex reminding him and suggesting that he be there to see them off. When they had banquets I made it known that I expected him to show up. Swim meets, concerts, awards ceremonies. That is what dads do.
That night I told my boyfriend about it. He listened sympathetically, then took me in his arms and suggested ways it could have been worse. "At least you didn't say, 'I hate black people.' At least you didn't say, 'The Holocaust was a hoax.'"
Environmental neuroscience is an evolving field within environmental psychology which focuses on how our surroundings affect the way our brains work. David Strayer, Ph.D, Paul Atchley and Ruth Ann Atchley are the scientists coordinating this research. The research study involved a pre-nature experience and fourth day in nature experience word association test utilizing adult Outward Bound participants. Results indicated a 50% increase in creative thought! The authors also suggest that the optimum amount of time in nature to achieve the most restoration is approximately three days. After three days, no additional restorative benefits will be obtained.
CV: The text is like signing your name on a letter or document. It's one's own writing, and it guarantees that one stands behind what is written. I struggle with the writing every time-- it is hard to do, very permanent, and must be done on every single piece throughout my history. It is the best I can do, but often looks imperfect. It also probably keeps me outside of some curatorial worlds, it's perhaps too weird, too personal, too off-beat in a cool Chelsea world of photo --filled with the slick conceptual object-photos of Roe Ethridge, Oliver Boberg, Sarah Charlesworth, Gursky, etc.
35. Smurfs-”lala la la la la, la la la la la”
That’s the kind of move I like.
I absolutely love pasta. It takes me back to high school when we had pasta parties before our soccer games. A different player’s family would host all of us soccer girls at their house with pounds upon pounds of pasta. Then it was usually marinara and alfredo and sometimes the special lasagna but last night for dinner I could my parents and I something different – Spicy Peanut Butter Noodles, giving the noodles a different flare. Not to mention I love peanut butter so why not pair with another favorite. This dish was simple to make – I came in the door at 6:15 and by 6:50 we all were eating – including majority of the dishes being washed too (: The boiling of the water is what took the longest – otherwise it comes together pretty quickly!
By Molly Weston
This is the time when everybody wants to prop up his or her candidate for the post of the President of India. Although this is not the most powerful post in the Indian polity, every political party wants to install their man at the helm so that when the time comes, he can return the favour.
In addition to writing, composing and recording school musical productions, he has introduced many children to the excitement of outdoor education and, in particular, skiing.
My camera was getting a bit wet
Mercifully, I have a plan.
The only thing we plan on storing while away, is our grown-up furniture ( ie. nothing that lived thru our college years and has been refurbished--Sal's currently using a re-painted dresser that my ol man has had since college), and Nick's tools and machinery. We never set up a real nursery, so the pack and play will stay at a family member's home, so that Sal has a place to sleep when we visit. Our apartment in Wuxi is furnished--including flatscreen TV's and cooking pots. With the exception of a baby crib and changing table, we really won't need to buy any furnishings.
What are appropriate hours for a pastor? What time do you go in to work in the morning? What kind of hours do you keep during the week? If a pastor goes in later, like 10-11am, and works late into the evening is that accepted?
Add 6-8 cups of broth or water, depending how much soup you want to make. I usually use 8 cups and make a big stockpot of the soup. Add the tomatoes, green beans, the cabbage and the spices. (I keep this very simple with just salt, pepper and parsley but you can add whatever spices you love). Mix well. Bring the soup to a boil. Then cover the pot most of the way and let it cook on low heat for about 30-40 minutes.
Maybe you guys can read it and let me know what you think?
This Nov. 2011 article from The Independent notes how ancient Spartan warrior training methods are used with today’s super soldiers — including homosexual “abuse.” As I stated before, the Spartan theory was that if warriors were lovers, they would fight harder to protect each other in the battlefield. This is why transvestite officers such as David Corso are ideal handlers — they handle men like O’Finioan and James Rink in more ways than, uh, one. (Although Lt. Cmmdr. Aaron McCollum, after breaking from the Cabal to join the Uncompromised White Hats, also broke free from the sexual enslavement Corso had over him, and the S/M sex dungeon underground where a pre-fab trailer home is at 2110 Appaloosa Lane in Pahrump,Nevada, knonw as “the Wolf Queen’s Lair.”)
And that’s why God says, “Trust in the Lord with all your heart and lean not on your own understanding.”
Romeo and Chelsie
There was something out there, where she pointed. He didn't see it directly, and it wasn't the dreaded still patch that marked out a Negation, but the patterns were all wrong for the First Realm. There was a sense of motion, but it seemed to follow his gaze, so that each time he moved, he saw the same vague shape.
Since moving to Brisbane HB has been getting up and leaving for work very early - often before I am even out of bed. (He goes in early to avoid the peak-hour traffic and get some extra practise done.)
“You know what? … Obviously, I’m not following here. What exactly are you asking me?”
A neon cross high up on the wall presided impassively over the
I guess I had never considered it off limits prior to it becoming a trend. It is actually easy to avoid looking like a builder in double denim if you put some thought into it. But then the fashionable got all excited about it this Spring and suddenly my double denim outfits were le dernier cri.
After all the dainty canapés, we decamped to the Egmont bash in a nightclub, where I met Tamara MacFarlane, the Indie Bookseller of Tales on Moon Lane and now an author in her own right (Amazing Esme books). She was chatting to Ramez Mikdashi about Magic Town, the new website from Mindshapes Ltd., which offers a "virtual world" for child readers. I got a bit distracted by prosecco but am assured Magic Town is going to be big.
Here are my own suggestions for myself.
Titanic was a magnitude of luxury; no words put together could have justified her beauty. She fitted like a queen and roared like a king, she was perfect in the making and her beauty was electrifying – she was flawlessly stunning. Every part of her was an explorers dream; she was a lifetime worth of an experience. It was said that some of the sofas on the Titanic was made from horsehair, the expensive China has never been used, and the glittering chandelier was made out of exclusive crystals. Titanic was awfully glorious and more lavish than any 5 star hotel of the era.
ceremony: Saint Peter and Paul Church, San Francisco, CA
Welcome to the April Carnival of Natural Parenting: Compassionate Advocacy
First, the prize: how many of you have heard of The Infinite Baseball Card Set? Well, if you have not I strongly suggest you check out the blog here. Fortunately for us card collectors Gary, the illustrator and researcher of the cards, decided to get twenty cards from the infinite set printed and made them available to us under the title of Series 1. I ended up with an extra pack of series one, which are all beautifully illustrated, and that will be the prize.
College: Kentucky
When my dad died 10 years ago I was a college student working in Yellowstone for the summer. I got the news from my mom as I stood at a pay phone. A man, on vacation with his family, walked by and noticed me crying, a minute later he returned alone with a handful of tissues and wordlessly handed them to me. In the following hours and days many of my friends and aquiantances reached out to me in big and small ways that were very appreciated and meaningful. But that stranger’s compassion, in that tiny gesture remains in my mind a decade later. This taxi driver’s compassion for a old woman reminded me of those little gestures that really define who a person is. And it made me want to go visit my elderly upstairs neighbor.
If I had a wish for everyone this year, it is this: Live your life and achieve your goal stress free. This is your achievement and the show won’t start without you, so you can take your time. Hell, show up fashionably late if you want. There is no lesson or growth in the destination, so find joy in whatever it is you want to do and learn from the journey.
As I considered those two events, I began to realise how wrong I was in what I wrote at the beginning of this article. Britain is still out there, our people still exist, there are merely hidden from us by the gaudy pallet screen which the media places before us, and, of course, before them.
Richard Buckner - Devotion & Doubt - 1997
But I couldn’t remember what to say. Or maybe in my wildest dreams I never said anything and what he did next had always been a blur. It was always wonderful; I knew it afterward. Though I couldn’t actually remember any details.
There was a time when the ultimate proof of existence is our seeing something with our own two eyes. Now “It seems that if a town—or anyone or anything—can’t be found with Google, it might as well not exist.”
Many a tale had been told by the Indians in Mexico (New Spain) about seven cities to the north where precious jewels might be found in abundance and gold in such quantities that ordinary tools were made from it. King Charles V of Spain ( pictured right) also heard of the reported wealth waiting to be discovered.
Didn't say another word. I tried to sit with him but he hid behind his game. Next day a brisk goodbye.
Twelve years ago today, kuchen became the official dessert of South Dakota. What’s your favorite flavor?
cut off circulation, even make your feet cold. You should try lightweight socks, as they will keep your feet warm without bulk. If you need an extra layer, try silk ski socks as they are very warm and also extra lightweight.
In Kannada, Suvarna, the general entertainment channel owned by Rajeev Chandrasekhar, was supposed to air this program from May 6.
Do you ever wake up in the wee hours of the night in a cold sweat asking yourself "When I talk, do I make any sense?"
You love me and are trustworthy.
This cereal was described as “puffed and toasted rice with brown cane sugar” with “oceans of en-er-gy”. Maybe this is where my sister got the idea of eating brown sugar. The commercial said, “with brown cane sugar”. My mom used brown sugar when she made her delicious refrigerator cookies. So, I’m thinking that when there wasn’t any Puffa Puffa rice cereal in the house, Cheryl got out the brown sugar. Same thing, really.
With the cloud-like thought bubble, I can incorporate other aspects of the art to interact with it to portray outside interferences. I have a monster trying to rip its way through into my mind and that’s just an example. I’m starting to add my musical influences and I have plans to add video game influences as well, but I’m not quite prepared for that yet since I need to update some details overall to fit the clouds in.
Cunning plan, I agree. But insofar reasonably sensible (Like anything so far made sense. – Ed.) as things go. Here is where it gets really scary though. I was working on a computer in college, a computer that had basically been on for several months with nothing significant happening to it whatsoever (Linux ftw!), but the moment I unloaded my computer (to check email etc. while the other computer was computing) and my phone (for no real reason) in front of it, and left it unmanned for about five minutes, it had hung. Massively, completely un-recoverably hung. And I blame my cellphone’s evil intentions. It saw an eventuality that it had not planned for, and it improvised. And it improvised really well.
Congratulations, Tatkis!
The main image panel sits on a Blushing Bride Top Note. The Stripes Embossing Folder was used on the upper half of the image panel. Adhesive Pearls finish it off :o)
And really, who wants a glimpse of the back of my head messing up their view of the Beer Chicks anyway?
Bill McCarthy — Professor of Sociology
The man in a blue shirt, his wife and children
6:45 put on my nurse hat and take care of a few new momies and babies tonight... need to make some coffee...
Marcus: Cold. Because it is all swirling and swirling like this. (Shows me the swirling sky with his hands.)
It shows that from the Victorian prison population increased from about 3,153 prisoners in July 2000, to 4,537 in July 2010. Much of that can be explained by the increase in Victoria’s population, but not all; the incarceration rate (prisoners per 100,000 head of population) increased from 85.4 to 105.5.
TRANSIT | After ten years of planning, Metro’s Silver Line expansion to Dulles is in danger of falling apart thanks to political squabbling from various jurisdictions. The head of a local group of business leaders that supports the expansion says (WaPo, 4/29):
As you can see, I’ve kind of got my hands full this summer, but I’m hoping it’ll make for a few delicious meals along the way.
“The handwriting was kind of on
The winner of a Wags 'n Whiskers digital image is:
4. It is ALL about the stocking! I don't care if I don't have a single package under that tree--the stocking better be bulging at the seams! Nothing expensive even--just full. Santa makes sure the kid's stockings are exploding too.
While I would like to think that I could keep my cool, the attorney has an edge in this duel. Not only might he have deep knowledge of a narrow medical issue, but he is a professional interrogator. This is not a casual conversation. Questions in depositions are asked for specific reasons. While I won’t use the term ‘set up’, questions are asked early in the depo to get the witness on the record. Then, an hour later, or at trial, the attorney may try to ask how those answers can be reconciled with contradictory information you later provided. If you are not accustomed to navigating across a treacherous legal minefield, then it is clear who has the advantage here.
Well, right now it's about 20 degrees outside in Tyler, Texas. I drove up here today from Austin, where the temperature dropped from 68 degrees at 10pm to 40 degrees at 10 am. The crews here were working in far northeast Texas, near Paris, where they had to deal with sleet and freezing rain and weather in the high 20s. The trucks still have some ice on them. Tomorrow promises to be just about as cold, and I can only hope it stays dry.
Unlikely.
Two days ago, I wrote about my decision to become a liberal. The benefits of espousing liberalism certainly are attractive, and I can now go into a Starbucks without feeling socially guilty or like I'm spending too much money on a cup of coffee.
If you care to view the progress, just click on the Pink Parade project on the label area below. Thanks!
1 x (1542)Carlsberg (can) = 6.20
and things going easy
Here is what I got in my old copy of Carlson. This is a clipping from the New York times dated March 13th, 1936. It explains that John won the Altman prize from the National Academy of Design. The article says that the prize was for an American born artist and included an award of 750 dollars. Carlson was born in Sweden. I will bet there were some artists who didn't win complaining about that!
If we live our lives in fear of what others are going to think and whether we will be judged by others, we are giving our enemy an opening to cut our legs out from under us. The only one we need to fear is the One and Only. If we are living our lives in a way that pleases Him and in a way that invites Him to lead every action then we are doing what we are called to do. That doesn’t leave any room for the rules of man.
Fortified dairy(soy and rice milk) and cereals are great substitutes for vegans to get B12 and calcium.
Anyway, I looked at the can of Hormel Chili, and knew I had Kraft Macaroni and Cheese, and made the once-rejected suggestion again. His response this time was, “Mmmmm, that sounds good!” He loved it! Since then he has said several times that we should have Chili Mac more often. It’s easy, so maybe we will.
I awoke with a start, blinking at the late afternoon glare that reflected off of the glistening green-gold walls of what could only be the Emerald City, but that didn't prevent me from asking the obvious: "Where are we?"
“Don’t slam the fridge door, Harold!”
Over the past few years I’ve read many articles about the Gnu Atheism in major media venues. I’ve seen a wide range of quality, and it seems that some, though with the best of intentions, are unsure about the best points to hit and how to hit them most effectively. It’s for them that I’ve written this guide.*
Through the doorway of consciousness and energy
whenever i was crying,
For those who are interested in the 3-month Tutorial, there is still time to order and I will give you the August Kit Tutorial for FREE.
Words by Wilbur D·Nesbit
Haruka: Fanservice.
1 1/2 eggs, beaten
And a huge thank you to all of the wonderful designers from this year's San Francisco Decorator Showcase for working so hard and giving so much time and creativity to inspire us all. And a big thanks to all of the hardworking members involved in putting on a great Showcase year after year. Bravo! I look forward to next year!
Now here is a small listing of some of my favorites:
I can't do the little things I hold so dear
What is so great about Seeds of Death? Well, for one thing, it contains some of the most inventive camerawork of the black and white era, such as showing the moonbase crew from the Martians point of view and the projection of numerals onto Gia Kelly's face. It also has one of the best musical scores in the history of the show. It is an highly cinematic score. At times it feels like it belongs in a Charlie Chaplin or Laurel and Hardy film.
Those who dislike the slogan say the word “man” is not inclusive. They prefer “Every Person a Wildcat.”
Here's a sneak peek of how things have progressed.....
Allow the glass to cool to room temperature. Remove the glass from the kiln and wash off any kiln wash on the glass.
Flowers - Wild Orchid Crafts & I am Roses
This place is going to keep me busy.
Guinness didn't.
I coloured digi stamps using promarkers for the football and 2 trophies, I also covered the trophies in glossy accents so they shine and tied little ribbons around their handles. The sentiment was cut from silver card using the Cuttlebug Typewriter die set.
On the first week of this linky party, Elizabeth wrote:
Lady I’ve known for about an hour: Oh no, what is that on your arm?
Shine edited by Jetse de Vries
I know that I will be OK.
Speaking of that though, if you notice a little bit of bubbliness to this swatch, it isn’t the polish’s fault this time, I just overdid it on the Mavala Barrier Base + Sally Hansen Nail Quencher layers beneath it since my nails had gotten dry.
My choice is the meatball sandwich, a precarious construction with four rustic meatballs nestled beneath a blanket of shaved reggiano. The meatballs are just like nonna would have made them, browned on the outside but juicy in the middle, and swathed in a thick chunky tomato sauce.
I got home, shut the garage door, and hoped that a plane wouldn’t land on the garage roof before I got the groceries in the house. Good Lord.
They were reading books & talking a lot to each other.
“Better quality jobs.
Even if you’re so tired and busy that 500 words of mediocrity a week is all you can manage, DO IT, for the love of God, just do it. Make time; make the habit. The habit and the discipline is what will make everything happen. That’s why I am here, in a cotton-headed fog, whimpering to myself about how if only I could have some more coffee and a week a alone in a mountain cabin, writing would be easy, and maybe I’d knock off 40,000 beautiful words all at once. As a matter of fact, I wouldn’t and I couldn’t, because I haven’t earned that kind of skill yet. First comes the writing in untoward circumstances, writing anything at all, so long as it gets words on a page, and is intended to be well-sounding and coherent, to have thematic consistency, to do all those things that writing is supposed to do.
Thanks for waiting. In case you missed the preview, find it here so you know what to expect. If you’re not sure what Decades is about, kindly check the preview out.
You got nuns condoning murder, artificial contraception
The Rigging Box supplied FIRST® FHPZ 70 High Performance Roundslings, each measured 40 feet in length, rated at 70,000 lbs vertical, but each weighing only 42 pounds. The Inspectable Roundsling®, slings with a transparent Clear Cover®, was developed to make it possible for riggers to inspect the load bearing core yarns, advancement in lifting safety. And Wolf Trap area residents gathered before sunrise to watch the lift and celebrate a safer passage.
"His name's Ken"
Bake for 50 to 55 minutes, or until a think knife inserted deep into the center of the cake comes out clean. Transfer the pan to a rack to cool for 5 minutes before unmolding and cooling the cake to room temperature. If possible, once the cake is completely cool, wrap well in plastic and let it stand overnight at room temperature to ripen the flavors.
That's an argument for this project, but it doesn’t necessarily reflect the city’s reality. Hasn’t the city begun rezoning neighborhoods to preserve their scale and to encourage affordable housing? What would be the effect of a rezoning along these blocks in Prospect Heights? And what if the city bid for the railyard and made improvements to hasten development, as it proposes with the Hudson Yards?
THE WINNER: BROOKE TESSMACHER!!!!!!!!!!
OK so this is written almost a week after drinking, but I'm still going write about it, got a problem with that... didn't think so...
Szymanowski’s Third Symphony is, I think, a masterpiece, quite on a level with Zemlinsky’s Lyric Symphony and indeed the Polish composer’s own King Roger. It has much in common with the latter work, not least its sumptuous scoring and harmony, and of course its homoeroticism. Here, in this Song of the Night, Szymanowski responds to the verse of the thirteenth-century Persian mystic, Jalāl’ad-Dīn Rumi, and how he responds! If the opening bars are richly perfumed, and they certainly were in performance, then we soon hear something akin to an orchestral magic carpet. (Please forgive the orientalism, but it is more or less unavoidable in so orientalist a work.) If not quite possessing the sumptuousness of Boulez’s recent recording with the Vienna Philharmonic – surely now a first choice, though Rattle’s CBSO reading remains very fine indeed – then Jurowski’s LPO account still managed for the most part to emerge victorious over the Royal Festival Hall acoustic. The organ-founded climaxes, not always ideally prepared, packed quite a punch, but it was the Debussyan and Tristan-esque magic that truly ravished, for which conductor, orchestra, and choir were equally responsible. More than once, a progression recalled the Zemlinsky psalm too, but that seems most likely to have been coincidence and shared influence rather than direct connection. Ecstasy, when it came, proved quite overwhelming. Londoners will soon have a second opportunity to hear the symphony, when Boulez will conduct a performance with the LSO: doubtless not to be missed, but nor was this.
Any questions about the fish? Any trouble with obtaining good wood chips? Don’t know what hickory is but only know it from that nursery rhyme? Want to know something that’s totally off topic? Well, please write to me and let me know your thoughts/comments.
And here’s a shot of the back of her head. The bald spot is where the huge lump was that she got from falling off the counter back about a week before Thanksgiving. Wonder if the hair will ever grow there again??
This easy, breezy recipe turns out a pie that's rich, glossy, and full of the bright, spring-like flavor of lime. And the best part? A few minutes active time in the kitchen produces a dessert worthy of a whole Southern afternoon's worth of cooking.
that seemed as transitory as your youth
I cannot but help guffaw (can I say "guffaw" before the watershed?) in a very loud fashion at the ludicrous prissiness of Nanny's chums in the Advertising Standards Authority (ASA), who have got their knickers in a right old twist over a Northamptonshire sofa firm's slogan.
Although I don't have any good pictures of the "before", there were numerous problems with it...
He buys her clothes, food, shelter
Across the Atlantic, Theo becomes suspicious when Rachel misses their weekly internet chat. He discovers a report online saying she's killed herself and travels to Scotland to find her, certain that she's been kidnapped. A clue leads him to Elijah's mysterious clinic, where ths sinister Aphrodite Experiment is underway. But why does Elijah need to track Rachel down so badly? And what is the ultimate ransom that he demands for her?
Is this what people on the left think of individuals? That we need to depend on government for success?
We were so busy that we didn't all get down to the beach until after lunchtime on Christmas Day. You can imagine the looks we drew with 7 kids building sandcastles! I'm sure they were wondering if they were
Escapes, merging with sky and mirrors—
It was my first full-length manuscript, yes. I had a go at the first few chapters of The Lady in the Tower before I started Between Two Seas, but I was making a terrible hash of it. Between Two Seas was a fairly straightforward narrative set in a time and place I care passionately about, so it was a good first novel for me. When I tackled the Lady again a year later, it became a completely different story.
A police spokesman said: ‘He complied with the woman’s wishes another few times so he could finally leave the apartment.
Genevieve had started teaching at P.S. 133, on Butler Street in Park Slope, that fall of 1984. She had fretted about it all of the previous summer, and now that she was in the classroom it proved even more difficult than she had anticipated. She confided to Barack one day that she had mentioned the idea of leaving to a colleague, who told her that if she stayed she would end up with a nice pension. “That was the only time he raised his voice and got really, really upset with me,” she recalled. “He went berserk about the trade-offs he saw his grandparents make for some supposed safety net at the ex­pense of something He meant at the expense of their souls.”
Clean and pat dry the chicken drumsticks( remove the skin) and make two or three gashes. Mix the ingredients listed under marinade and spread all over the chicken and into gashes. Keep aside for at least half an hour.
There was originally NO linen closet of any kind
I mean this way of thinking is great for movies, I come into them with low expectations that can only go higher, and get my moneys worth that way. But when this is put in terms of relationships, it's almost like 'what's the point in investing into this? It's only going to come to an end'. Or all together, one tends to bypass opportunities because the negative just outweighs your willingness to do anything... OR is that negativity just laziness? Or is it insecurity and fear of hurt masked as laziness? Maybe I should read the book...
Interestingly, both can also be product of an apocalypse, nuclear in the case of the Daleks; and that powerful image of the '60s Dalek comes back - the petrified forest - and what is that if not ranks of the dead? A potentially empty future.
3 england
Tom Hiddleton, as Locki, has grown tremendously when you compare him to his character in Thor. He has the maximum screen time and seems more confident while facing each of The Avengers.
Materials and Toos Used:
It all starts when I get home from the grocery store. I do not put everything in the pantry (that would just cost me time later trying to search for ingredients).
R1- ch2, 2sc in 2nd ch from hook (2)
The Cubs used 38 players in 1974, including a bunch of guys I never knew (Herb Hutson? Ron Dunn?). Topps featured 26 of those players, including Billy Williams as an airbrushed Athletic, and Horacio Pina as an airbrushed Angel.
05 - Boogie No More 06:08
As much as we walk up and down the stairs, the paint on the spindles was constantly chipping from wear and tear. So I decided to strip the paint and give it a ceruse wood finish.
We had Shepherd’s Pie for dinner on Sunday (and Monday) evening. Sorry Ben, yep, we had one of your faves while you were out of town. My Dad, Christy and the kids loved it!
Fans of dead performers like myself (and most of us) can’t help but feel a little off-put by the idea of using, and ultimately exploiting, a long-dead performer’s likeness and recorded material for profits. That hasn’t deterred the technology from building buzz, as Elvis is already rumored to be next and famed female R&B group TLC might be resurrecting Lisa “Left Eye” Lopes for their next tour.
To a customer: service;
Cores were engaged, so I don’t even badly about missing the move.
According to Conder, the new Jim Beam Heritage Center is part of a significant tourism project that will allow the distillery to host more than 200,000 guests a year – more than double the previous number of guests it has been able to accommodate – and be a key stop on the Kentucky Bourbon Trail.
The dog came over and had a drink out of the shoebox. But he quickly lost interest when somehow, all the water escaped onto the floor. Then he went right back into the bathroom. I was trying to figure out how I could get the water back in the shoebox right as my mom walked in.
That as many as 250,000 to 300,000 Malaysians would take the trouble to come out into the streets despite the police threats and court order is a real warning for the BN. The writing is on the wall cannot be ignored any more. Najib is flailing and he will have to go.
After the caning, Dominika is handcuffed to be taken back to her cell by Kelly but she protests that she still won't tolerate be treated as a sex slave as she leaves. The Sergeant of the Guard hears this and, after mulling it over for awhile (no dummy this one) he realizes that he's been had. When Kelly returns, we find out that she has checkered history and her boss has decided that action must be taken. He removes her top, binds her arms above her head and whips her bare back with a leather belt. Kelly is very attractive and I think the scene with her being whipped topless with her arms bound above her head is the best of the movie; there are some screen shots on the P4F website if you want to decide for yourself but they don't really do the scene justice. After the whipping, Kelly is bound over the table and her skirt is raised for a long caning. It's a good scene but it just can't compare with what came before.
Want to help?
This was a short month, and I'm blaming my Kindle.
Sadly, this is going on and being condone in the churches. Women think it is okay to have that gay male son or friend and go shopping and talk girly talk. Though the men despise it, the men are okay with two women loving each other in a sexual way because it’s a turn on for them. They are curious if they can be part of the twist. It’s very displeasing to God people. I know, this is not a topic you want to share or discuss. What does God say about it? If you not going to be a true christian, and you going to turn the other cheek when things get uncomfortable for you, then my advice is -TAKE OFF THE CHRISTIAN SIGN IF YOU NOT GOING TO DO GOD’S WORK!
New Ray has other planes on its catalogue as well, but I am not sure which ones. One thing I do know though is that their biplanes are 1:35, so be careful there.
I was not upset by the review - the less so as a few days before I had received an email through my website from a teacher in the US who said, " Sadly, there are many parents in my school community that do not believe their students should be learning about people in the LGBT community....It's people like you who make families with "two moms" the norm, that keep me going." I think my correspondent meant "normal" rather than "the norm" but I really appreciated the email.
in passive
A few enlightened donors saw the potential of leveraging Fonkoze’s human and physical infrastructure and relationships with tens of thousands of small business owners (mostly women). Initially it was proposed that the entrepreneurs pre-earthquake loans be forgiven and new ones dispersed, in an effort to quickly jumpstart the rural economy. Fonkoze’s management had a slightly different idea – one that the American Red Cross, Whole Planet Foundation, Fonkoze USA and others agreed to support.
And you just lay back
Oil - 1 - 1 1/2 tbsp
I enjoyed playing the original Paperboy a lot in the arcade, and I still find it entertaining today. It’s certainly far more fun than an actual paper route.
Neither Americans nor the Afghan people asked for this war. Yet, for a decade, we’ve stood together to drive al Qaeda from its camps, to battle an insurgency, and to give the people of Afghanistan the possibility to live in peace and in dignity. The wages of war have been great for both our nations. But today, with the signing of the Strategic Partnership Agreement, we look forward to a future of peace.
The Wetherspoon chain of pubs in the UK has always striven to be a little bit different. Their ability to takeover existing buildings such as old cinemas, theatres and the like and to transform them into civilised places to drink has taken them a long way. Their commitment to good beers and ales, sourced from all around the world, has introduced the palates of a new generation of drinkers to the delights of ‘real ale’ at a fair price. Meanwhile, their early morning opening times, and service of a full English breakfast for as little as £2.10 (just around $4, for the benefit of any trans-continental readers of this column) is a rare bargain in a world of ever-increasing costs.
Allentown Art Festival – 11:00 a.m. – 6:00 p.m.
We Do It All…
So I told you yesterday that Jeni from Found Vintage Rentals was here for 24 hours, shopping for vintage and brocante items for her business. Today I get to show you what she found in one afternoon and one morning. Quite a few pictures here, but that's because there is so much to show!
Ahhh, Newfoundland. The place where they're never stuck for a few colourful words.
Coconut milk, from 1 coconut
Cranberry Spice Cake from Bon Appetite
This little hole started it all. IT. ALL. A year-ish ago I got a wild hair, as I tend to do frequently. (Sorry babe.) I wondered what might be hiding above the dropped ceiling in our kitchen. It started innocently enough...I took down the drop in the entryway....to expose a BEADBOARD ceiling. It was a joyous occassion. That project went SO great that I decided......
You can access the Last Chance List from my left hand Sidebar. The list will automatically be updated by Stampin' UP! as the stock runs out for each item.
Sprout is an interesting novel, not only because it deals with complex issues and leaps from humour to heartbreak in a matter of sentences but because it isn’t a novel that wants to be liked. Sprout is who he is and if you don’t like his voice then he’s wholly unapologetic, you’ll just have to deal with it. That just made me like him all the more, although it wasn’t until I’d read a few chapters that I really warmed to him.
I was amused. I still am. This tryst with death was unexpected. Unexplained. Liberating and calming instead of scary and suffocating. I watched the soft gray sky from the mesh doors. Stillness of soul helps one to have those rare flings with reality.
Indoor we had tilly lamps and candles upstairs and at bedtime the “Genny” was switched off at 10 p.m. I also had to hand pump water up to tank from the well outside the kitchen door, which took a while. The first time I didn’t pump fast enough to get it into the tank. I was soon put right on that job! Then it was getting the cows in for milking at 6 p.m. Wash and clean up the dairy and milking parlour, then it was tea-time about 7 p.m. Evening was spent listening to the radio and cleaning eggs. By the time I’d been there three months and had a hard set of callouses across the palms of my hands and endured a very steep learning curve.”
San Antonio, Texas 78205
Except Kabul, the other six bases would be in Afghanistan’s border regions neighbouring Central Asian Republics, Iran and Pakistan.
Only four of us were passengers: Col. Archibald Gracie, Washington, DC; A.H. Barkworth, East Riding, Yorkshire, England; W.J. Mellers, Chelsea, London, England; and myself.
As a young mother with four children under the age of eight, I set a goal to write (and complete) a dozen short stories for submission to a contest. Composing a worthy body of work over several months required focus and discipline. Fortunately, my husband supported this endeavor (notwithstanding a repetitive dinner menu of grilled cheese sandwiches or similar fare). Without his help, I’d never have reached my goal.
That strap, or rather that fallen strap caused a scandal that ruined Madame Gautreau's reputation and sent Sargent fleeing from Paris in disgust. Sargent secured safe passage for the portrait, fearing that it would be destroyed were it to remain in France.
Focus though must now turn to Chelsea, who will no doubt be bouyed by their win last night and indeed their recent form. One man at the centre of attention is Robin van Persie, mainly for the wrong reasons this week although it has been refreshing to see a number of journalists recognising his performances by pledging their support for him in the FWA Player of the Season Award. I am not entirely sure that will be enough for him to win that.
Be afraid of our ruling elite. The weasels in the legislature, the do-gooder one-worldists in the executive, the imperial imposers of their own justice in the judiciary, and the eunuch sophisticates who interpret it all for the rest of us plebs.
There, I promise you that this will cover everything for at least the next week (if not month)
Look, when you are on this show, you are NOT allowed to talk about what happened. Remember Brad and Emily on After the Final Shitshow? You live apart, watch the show and then if you survive (which no one does) you can date. Ben and Courtney clearly are in the “we can’t talk about it phase” and are probably not even together. No idea why if either of them are dating other people this is considered cheating. For one, Ben kissed almost every contestant this year, but that isn’t cheating? No, it’s the Hunger Games bitch.
-anything else you want to add!
Well, I think that’s enough soapboxing and analyzing for one post.
The deal comes on the heels of new revelations that the banks continue to engage in all of the risky and potentially illegal practices which brought about the 2008 collapse. According to Reuters:
I started the day with LEAVE ME LIKE YOU FOUND ME, which would make an interesting pseudo-sequel to THE LONELIEST PLANET, at least in as much as they're both about couples walking in the wilderness. But while THE LONELIEST PLANET featured a recently engaged couple with a love that gets tested, LEAVE ME LIKE YOU FOUND ME features a couple that has broken up before and is (for some reason) trying to get back together. What it illustrates better than anything is why they broke up--they had gotten to the point where they knew how to push all of each other's buttons, but didn't have the willpower to refrain from doing so. Well, they still don't, but they're still attracted to each other. So they go on a camping trip in Sequoia National Park, where they alternately fuck and fight in the woods--sometimes within minutes of each. It's very well made, the two leads (Megan Boone and David Nordstrom) do a fine job, and it's a believable portrait of a possible resurrection of a relationship that maybe should stay dead. But pretty quickly into it I kind of stopped caring about them and whether these two kind of annoying and selfish people would find happiness together. At one point, they get lost in the woods as night falls. I confess I was hoping they would stay lost and the movie would end with them dying in the woods, dehydrated and not talking to each other. I'm not sure if that's because I disliked them, just didn't care about them, or just desperately hoped for some drama. Spoiler alert: No such luck.
All previous government shutdowns lasted only short periods of time, in 1990 that changed under Reagan’s successor and former Vice President, and then President George H.W. Bush when the government experienced its longest shutdown. In October 1990 the government was shut down a total of three days, because of Democratic Congress and the Republican President could not agree on a budget for 1991. As signs of economic problems were visible on the horizon, the battle was centered on the Gramm-Rudman-Hollings Act to balance the budget. Democrats wanted to increase taxes on the nation’s richest to reduce the ballooning deficit, but in the 1988 campaign Bush had promise he would not increase any taxes across the board. Bush threatened to veto any budget that Congress presented to him that included a tax increase.
Anyways, here is the actual V2. Three new anime to be added are Cat Shit One, Stitch 3 and what appears to be “Monster Hunter with Cats”. Oh, Japan. Also new are the Air dates, re-arranged order, and the OVAs and Continuations.
Running Total - 447 (428 past, 19 future)
So, please join me at my new site where you will find my new blog:
I think that one reason I have such a great relationship with my Mom is that she sees my faults. I can tell her things about myself that would make others judge me harshly and forever embarrass me because of the judgement I see in their eyes and actions toward me. But not my Mom, she sees my faults and will tell me what they are. That is one of the hardest things to do--be honest with someone enough to see their faults and then be able to tell them what you see and still have respect and love for that person.
He was mad when Frankenstein would misplace his car keys.
CR: I feel tenderness and also love for Don Ottavio. What makes Anna suffer is her awareness to betray someone she loves. How can you detest a man who says “Dalla sua pace la mia dipende” (my peace depends on hers)?
Another colleague had been raving about Windhoek Lager, even trying to find places in Germany that sold it. So it had to be good! A pale gold, it's got a fairly grainy aroma with a lump of bread thrown in for good measure. Sweet, bready and with a creamy mouthfeel, it has a gentle, almost noble hop character with a light spiciness. Finishing with slight fruity notes, reminiscent of raspberries and blackberries, it suggests good things to come, but it it ends thin and left me wanting. And after all that, Mr. Skunk might have brushed off this bottle too.
This is the proverbial straw that broke the camel’s back yet some Christians are asking shouldn’t we pray instead of going out into the streets?
And found it occupied.
In recent years Invest in ME has been contacted more and more by patients or their carers asking for advice as the NICE guidelines recommendation of using CBT and GET has been forced upon them and patients have been bullied into activities beyond their limits.
and somehow
And be sure to check out Our Creative Corner to find out what the hobbies and interests of the DT's men are. Lots of fun and cool projects there again this week. Have a terrific weekend and thanks so much for stopping by!
In short, we liked the squeeZ. The kids liked the taste (and we've got some picky girls to contend with) and I liked the easy clean-up. Miss F liked the lack of preservatives, gluten, nuts, dairy, processed sugar, ninjas, and barbiturates. Really y'all, stop giving your children barbiturates.
Happy friday everyone !
4 incorporated
We had a huge tragedy in our zoo Friday night...I noticed that Snowbell, our parakeet, we laying on the bottom of the cage, in the corner. I thought she might be dead, and I was right. Her body was still warm, but the life was gone from her. The birds had been doing some strange things (for them) in the days before that...huddling in the corner on the floor of the cage, sleeping like that instead of their usual hanging in the corner of the cage sleeping pose. I hadn't thought anything of it at the time (except for "oh, how cute, they're cuddling!") but now I'm thinking that maybe she was sick and didn't have the strength to sleep hanging.
Whether it be the Democratic Party or the Republican Party, it could not matter less. When the presidential candidates realize that there are a million of us, united in our cause, and united in our vote, it will only be a matter of time before they offer their support to us. Mr. Truc Ho has a very clear vision, and he communicates it very well. If you want to hear more about this campaign, watch Truc Ho’s SBTN program, for he has much to teach us.
At first glance this quote may seem to say nothing about love. But compassion by its nature is an outpouring of love, therefore, a misunderstanding of love can turn the outpouring of compassion into oppression.
Heck ya! Runners are sexy.
3 winds
The name of Jesus is a refuge
And another thing: how about you and your know-it-all schoolchildren lay off the goddamn arm thing for a bit? T.R. warned me about this, how anytime a class field trip walks by he has to listen to a humiliating cacophony of “wow, why do his arms look more useless than Kanye’s etiquette coach?” I get it, okay? You don’t hear me going on about humans’ oversized heads and fucked up thumbs, do you? Who the hell needs thumbs anyway? Maybe benchpress isn’t exactly my thing, but while I’m not prepped for the cover of Saurischian Fitness -- I’m perfectly happy with National Geographic, thank you very much! -- I’ll arm wrestle you any day of the week. But, um, you’ll have to sit pretty close. I’ll have you know that these are damn good, serviceable limbs, almost perfectly adapted for pinning something not too large in a slightly awkward death grip as you bite its head off. So from now on, please refrain from using terms like “puny arms,” and if you absolutely have to pass comment, T.R. and I would much prefer if you could stick to “appendage-challenged.”
We started getting nervous, calling out his name. What had happened?
I don’t know how we have managed it but my kids have managed to keep a great relationship with their older cousins. They always look forward to the summers at the lake where they can spend time together. My hats go off to my nieces who go out of their way to make time for my kids and make them feel special. Anyone who complains about the next generation and says they are self-centered and/or inconsiderate haven’t met these kids yet!
Alliance - “The Eagle is once again flying high” - Romero “Jacare” Cavalcanti. The Alliance logo is one of the most instantly recognizable on the competition circuit. The triangle and the animal totem are also traditional elements of Jiu Jitsu design but the bold, minimalist way that Alliance has incorporated them ensures a timeless design. The triangle is commonly used by the Gracie family to represent both the triangle choke and the idea of balance. I’m not sure what the eagle represents in the Alliance logo. Cavalcanti’s nickname refers to a common Brazilian crocodilian and his partner’s nickname is “the General,” so I guess we can be thankful that one of the most iconic logos in Jiu Jitsu wasn’t replaced by an alligator in a military uniform.
Naked women.
All of these books have one central theme - family love. It permeates everything they do, even when members of the family have moments where they get mad or don't get along. That model is timeless and reading these and many more Berenstain Bears books to my kids was a very happy part of my parenting journey.
All good points. Some other smart people at Resolve responded in defense of Roth. There’s a wide gap in interpretations, though, in that Resolve doesn’t read Roth as calling for U.S. Special Forces. Instead, Resolve reads Roth as calling for a more nuanced response to the LRA a la their report and recommendations from April.
I fired off some frames anyway. I’m glad I did.
On Wednesday morning I whacked the girls into the double pram and went for a stupendously long walk with some of my mummy-mates from Jack's class. 'Twas a breezy, sunshiny morning, perfect for a walk along the beach road and made even better by the coffee break halfway along. Unfortunately, on the drive home I developed a splitting headache, which turned into a migraine, which became a virus that appears to be circulating the school. I spent the afternoon lying on the couch with my eyes closed, while my wonderful little girls played quietly around me. Every so often, Maisie would come over and pat my cheek and murmur sweet little babyisms into my eye, or Phoebe would tuck me in and fetch me another teddy. She even went and got a pillow, gently instructed me to lift my head, and plumped it underneath me to make me comfortable.
Roll mixture into meatballs, I use a 1 ounce cookie scoop so mine are uniform. It is about 2 tablespoons of the mixture. I like to cook the meatballs on a broiler pan. They will brown evenly and the fat will drain away. Line the bottom of the pan with foil to make cleanup easier. You could also use a cooling rack set into a cookie sheet.
My philosophy now is to live life to the full, to maximise every opportunity, carpe diem. In fact I am so pumped up right now just writing about it that I want to storm something with my shirt off.
Rain, snow, earthquakes. Death is sometimes represented as an uprising of the elements. Nature's way of imposing order, albeit chaotically. Some of us hate to think that we could die on a nice sunny day with a smile on our faces, while out in the countryside with our beloved ones, just as we're living life to the full. Death is the last mile in the loneliness of the long distance runner. All those tiny, teeny, wee, itsy-bitsy steps we take when we're toddlers is a preparation for the marathon of life. Some of us can't bear to consider that there'll be a moment when our bodies will cross the Finish line. Some of us can bear it even less when we imagine that Finish line hovering, unexpectedly, into the field of vision of someone we care for.
Yes its got a few cliched touches, and its predictable, but its a thoroughly entertaining ride and the kind of film that’d be perfect for a night in with a can or two and a pizza.
I said hi to him and asked in cantonese, "so, no need to open your stall?" His reply was, "Today I am not opening my stall, today I want to BERSIH!"
Publisher: Little Brown Books for Young Readers
We may soon face a choice: corn for meat or corn for fuel.
Still, despite my nervousness, there was a part of me that was definitely excited about doing something out of my comfort zone – getting out there and being a part of it instead of hanging back and just watching other people. Michael even bought me a glove and a bat, and we practiced out in the front yard and at the school yard – and discovered that I actually can catch, throw, and bat fairly decently.
We talked about showing last night, and both agreed we don't think we'll be ready for the early May show. We need this stuff to be easier and more polished before taking it on the road, so I think I might look for a late May show instead. Things are really coming along though, and my motivation hasn't lessened at all, so we'll be out soon!
There are a few pitfalls to any 'sale' shopping so these days, having learnt the hard way, before I pay I say....
but for every good thing there has been a negative - let's call them reality checks. Dirt and dust everywhere I look. I'm not an obsessively clean person and I can't be with 4 little ones. BUT when you leave a house all beautifully clean for the new owners it is so sad to come here and find dirt everywhere. One wipe of each kitchen shelf resulted in black cloth. Half a bottle of spray cleaner later and 2 dirty cloths and I was over it. The cupboards also have that lovely old musty kitchen cupboard smell - any hints on how to remove/reduce that smell please share and I'll test them out. Yes I miss my kitchen.
Would you agree to this? If so, please pass it along to other like minded liberal and conservative patriots and if you do not agree, just hit delete.
Many people do not understand how much selling a home can affect their personal lives. Be prepared for constant phone calls, flaky potential buyers, and plenty of time spend showing the property you have listed. To avoid extensive interruptions to your private life, you may want to enlist the help of a professional agent.
Hot sexy man interlude: went skinny dippin'—and did not get caught. Unlike last time, when I was rudely advised of some sort of policy matters. Who gets all businessy at one in the morning? I say, a little adventure is good for the soul. (Sorry, no photo.)
He remembered the first time he had seen her. How he was first struck by her hair. It was down and free, catching stray rays of sunset, now it was clipped up, forming a crown at the back of her head and falling to her neck in thick brownish fountain with little wisps escaping at the fringes and temples.
OK, I really need to think happy thoughts right now and forget about that last story. What a bummer. So let’s bring in Zippy the chimp, a comedic favorite and smoking sensation of the 1950s. He is cute, but whose idea was it to jam his feet into those little people shoes. That can’t feel very good.
Scarlett Johanssen is a joy with her Black Widow character and is not only a feminist heroine, with her own action fights, but I bet she will fuel a few male fantasies, dressed like that. All the costumes deserve Oscars.
As you can see, the room is already painted this lovely color called Silver Sage by Restoration Hardware. The room just needed a few accessories, a new chair, curtains, art, end tables, and lamps. The mantel needed to be styled as well.
During the examination I started to feel sick. I've never witnessed the phenomenon known as "projectile vomiting" and I doubted such a thing existed. My doubts were banished. Several times.
I am collaborating with Greek F1 site, GoCar.gr. We are starting a series of features, that aim to explain F1 tech from the basics through to the detail of every system on the car; Aero, Mechanical, Safety and Driver Equipment.
Finally, I am kind of interested in putting together a Cubs unity set. I already have the right most card, and am looking for a center and left most card. Or if anyone has another center Met to trade, I'd be interested in that as well since Reyes is now gone. If anyone has some to trade, let me know.
Check out their web pages and look at these intro videos.
-brush Sadie
Genre: Teen Fiction, Dystopian, Paranormal Fiction
It suggested there was no compelling reason to override the zoning along the Dean Street side of the building to allow a larger building envelope on that segment of the structure.
British nationalists, which is somethiing I now accept that I am, are routinely accused of hating different cultures and wishing to destroy them, nothing could be further from the truth, we are the ones who passionately want to see different cultures preserved, however, our crime is that we also want to preserve our own unique and beautiful culture.
I’m thrilled to be back in KCMO working on a new body of work and haunting my favorite spaces for nurturing art (Grand Arts, Dolphin, Review, Nerman, Charlotte Street, and many more). During my daily commute, I pass this painted image on the front door of a provisional church while listening to John McLaughlin’s Peace Piece. I am enamored by this architectural non sequitur. Does anyone else notice it? What was the urgency that caused it to pop up? Is it religious or political? Was it always there? It is part the fabric of everyday. A book that left a lasting impact this year was not theoretical but personal, somber, and multi-layered. If you are into Americana, philosophical introspection, and taking off on road trips in the face of disintegrating
www.collectorsquest.com
Those of you who follow this blog know that last month I raved over Rylander. And now, I'm laughing loudly over London.
I give special consideration to those whose efforts to spread the word about me and my books go beyond sensational. So, show your Octoberbest and leave your luv links in your post!
I have had my share of missteps – both private and very public; however, if I allowed them to take over my sense of being, I do myself and my community a huge disservice. Remaining optimistic about my future, the future of my family and friends and that of my community has gotten me through the rough times. Knowing that I can contribute in positive ways and impart some wisdom along the way has gotten me to this point.
Peter Conrad writing for the Guardian in April of this year wrote —
“It was horrible because I couldn’t do anything to help him,” he said.
Personal Favorites: Fazon, Dancing Wizard, Orange Peel, Sneaky Smith, Monkeys On The Moon
Can you feel the love tonight
I've been missing blogging more than I thought I would. I feel deprived that I can't check out everyone's blog like I used to but will make it a mission on the weekend to try to catch up so please forgive me if you haven't seen any comments from me lately. Does any one have any suggestions for how to balance blogging and school? lol
"The Jackdaw Girl"
I was set with choices and then I got distracted by Memoria Press. I bought the K level for G and then decided I liked it enough to get the 2nd grade plans for E. I'm not using them entirely as we are committed to Phonics Road and Singapore Math and I will add history and NOEO Biology 1 and skip their suggested science topics. We will use Rod and Staff Math 2 as it is more traditional and my husband thinks that having a conceptual math program along with a traditional skills/mastery based program is a good combo to give the kids a strong math foundation. I like the copy work, cursive, Latin, recitation, Bible, music, poetry and literature selections a lot and that takes an enormous amount of planning off my plate as they will be scheduled and ready to go!
Well I wish he would then rather keep his trap shut about those who did.
So, I cam back on the afternoon, enrolled and found out more about the course content and structure.
Cain was not a mythical character, as we are so often told -- he was a real live figure, just like all the other ancient biblical figures. Cain was the first high priest of Bel (aka Baal), hence we get Cainbel or Cannibal (Afrikaans: Kannibaal) – that’s right folks, eaters of human flesh! Cain was in all probabilty the historical King Sargon of Babylon, as suggested by a well documented book called “Sargon The Magnificent”, written in 1927 by Mrs Sydney Bristowe.
"And the black flies are out in full force."
Knee to knee with the devil,
But the thought of having to deal with I-35 makes me think I'm having a nightmare about, well, having to deal with I-35.
We can't wait to read your answers! The candy draw will close on July 31st 2010, and a winner will be announced here on this blog soon after!
Mission Statement for TeresaVratil.com: to promote my writing and writing projects, including novels, e-book, blogs, Facebook and Twitter accounts. I will present myself as a professional writer and will build my brand in such a way as to develop reading and speaking engagements.
The ‘slump’ occurs right after removing it from the oven, and, as well as being quite dramatic to watch, thankfully takes the cake far away from sponge territory. Lucas suggests cream as an accompaniment – I love creme fraiche here, with its clotted appearance and tang, and though sometimes its sourness can be bullying, this cake can take it.
Pray for me and ask God to correct me in any way I have misrepresented Him and His Word.
This natural custom of the blacks, the proffie in his infinite wisdom wants to call oppression and enslavement. What rubbish. The sign of a truly deficient leftist intellect.
You have all overwhelmed me, (in a good way!!!), with your response to the giveaway of class participation in "Hanging Gardens". You have said such amazing things to me, I am not very schmaltzy, but you brought tears to my eyes.
pinot noir red-
Admiral Gregory G. Johnson, USN (Ret.)
Since there were requests for more about Isadora, I thought I would continue the tale in this flash fiction submission for Romantic Friday Writers. I hope you enjoy.
Man: Next, come here!
Reality hit me somewhere between that night and the days ahead. I went back to my old patterns. I went back to putting me before Him. I went back to being too "busy" to talk to Him incessantly. I went back to life as I knew it before (only waaaay more tired and weak).
Oh, the picture? No, of course that's not Kiki. How many hands do you think I have, anyway? But maybe I will try the sink next time.
I did the collage and drawing the day before, but decided to try to paint the entire thing in the time I had after setting up--quite a challenge. And then, the organizers moved the auction time up half an hour to get as many bidders as possible, which made it a super-challenge! During the painting time, folks came up to talk and ask questions about the process, etc. The kids were the cutest, one of whom kept an eye on me and said several times during the evening, "You're doing a good job." I don't think I'd have made it without the encouragement!
The picturesque sunrises.
Ruth runs amazing writing weekends and retreats in her home village of Polperro in Cornwall - and the first prize for this competition is a place on one of her holidays. She has a real eye for pace, comic timing and great characterisation.
doesn’t know where to go
Being now old, to sink among the dust,
And then I checked my own birthdate. I don't know why - after all, I knew it was a Friday, didn't I. And I nearly choked on my cup of tea. There it was, in black and white (well, in figures on the screen) - a WEDNESDAY. What??? Has someone been fiddling with the calendar? I was so shocked, I had to exit the page, go back into it and look again. But there's no getting away from it: my lovely mum either got muddled up with the day, or just told me it was a Friday to keep me happy! Fair enough, if I'd gone through life believing I was Full of Woe, I might have turned out differently! (I hope my lovely middle daughter doesn't believe in all this stuff!).
I made the Gingerbread boy with my tat lassies...tho only two were brave enough to try him..after I had explained all the pitfalls...and hopefully jumped over them!
Overall, I really loved Build A Man. I just did not want this novel to end. It was such a humourous, unique book that I became so personally involved in that at times I forgot the characters weren't real. I am so excited to have found out that Talli is currently writing a sequel to Build A Man, which will explore Serenity and Jeremey's relationship. The sequel, Construct A Couple is set for release next year (just hurry up and write it Talli, I don't think I can wait that long!).
Some of the reforms he brought into play include a standardization for government works and a innovative city development zoning plan.
Creative Craft Challenges2 Blog Challenge:
Aside from the weird “grading system” it was an overall generally fun experience…for a gym (this is what I get for starting to climb outside…in a place that can see a good solid six-to-seven-month comfortable outdoor climbing season a year)…until about ten minutes after leaving, when my chalk allergies kicked in. Early on we figured out that I was allergic to the drying agents added to most climbing chalk…by the tiny oozing micro-pustules inflaming my fingers after every climb using chalk with additives. Switched to additive-free chalk…no problems. Still, since I have a number of respiratory allergies as well as skin sensitivity, I should be more careful around gyms…my skin is a bit itchy but I haven’t stopped sneezing since I left Miramont’s parking lot, and I am starting to wonder how much Sudafed and Benadryl I can safely take to knock my reactions down a few notches. So if you’re starting out climbing and you have any kind of allergies or skin sensitivities, get additive-free chalk (I love my White Dirt!) and keep your skin covered around the gym…and be careful on high-traffic days at the gyms, when chalk dust in the air is particularly concentrated. If I’d only been thinking this while I was watching the guides around the gym scrubbing the chalk off of the walls as I sat in front of them, concocting problems…
I had a tiller, but it was a cheap built tiller
Want to pick up the latest album from Motown legend and onetime SXSW keynote speaker Smokey Robinson? Then cruise on out to your nearest Cracker Barrel this Monday.
Acts 22:29
I was a young girl,
Succulent Wild Woman, SARK
Pass and are gone they fade—I dwell not on soldiers’ perils or
With all the recent news about Levi Johnston, I got to thinking about his Vanity Fair article “Me and Mrs. Palin” which was published in October, 2009. It seemed to ring true at the time. It’s a long article and I wanted to compare what he said then to what we know now.
Have I stayed up until 2am writing pieces about gardening, or left the office at midnight after a busy day? Yup.
Many authors who don't know better have read the phrase "the tang of cordite in the air", and then reused it; almost all of them incorrectly and improperly.
It was getting dark and we went back to the apartment.
2) ND California - 42% appealed (38% affirmed, 62% modified/reversed)
He told his followers: "I will get not guilty." And asked if they would continue protesting, he said: "Of course we will."
However, even if i was not an Iranian, i would really prefer spring to the cold freezing winter. Or maybe that’s just me; i love sandals more than boots!
It's nice to have something to celebrate in early February when all the other holidays are over, and the doldrums come slipping in like a gray fog to hang around until April when the first buds appear, and the birds start to chirp. That seems like miles away, doesn't it? But - this is easy if you live in NYC or San Fran (right, EB?) - it's great to get a group of friends together and find a place to have a happy and delicious Chinese meal to celebrate the Lunar New Year.
So, that's this week's roll call done. I hope you remembered to change your clocks in the UK? It'll be lighter this evening, whoop, whoop!
right around the corner inside.
the city standing
Mexican wrestling masks are pretty cool, but this episode seemed a little too plodding at times. It disappoints me mostly because the title is so good.
Writers: Lawrence Kasdan and Meg Kasdan
As the Heritage Foundation notes, since Obama took office, over 50 major weapons programs of more than $300 billion have been cut or delayed.
During the demo, I noticed a few things about Darksiders II:
PRETORIA - Two Mamelodi police officers and three civilians, believed to be part of the blue light syndicate, were arrested in Silver Lakes on Monday, the Hawks said.
His view on what drove human beings and what goodness and badness was all about.
Sent: Wednesday, March 21, 2012 10:00 PM
By Martin Bright, March 1, 2012
We left the Riverside Park Motel and Campground around 10 AM, in plenty of time to make the 220-mile drive to Streetsboro, Ohio where we would spend the night and have dinner with some old friends.
Today I’ll be doing some chores, perhaps go for a drive or do some shopping. It looks like the weather won’t be too good but not too bad too.
Usually known simply as mochi, this treat is more accurately named Daifukumochi (Daifuku for short). Daifukumochis are made with mochi, a sticky rice cake, shaped like a ball which is stuffed with a sweet paste or or small fruits inside. The most common sweet stuffing is red
1. Documents from the era (7th and 8th centuries) written by independent (i.e. non-Muslim) outside observers;
Today I've a heart shaped basket I actually made a few weeks ago for the Tomic challenge - but run over time getting posted (again!) anyhow just wanted to say where the inspiration had come from! I've used a Get in Shape heart shaped template to get the front & back pieces. I then made 3 card-stock 'brackets' on either side & a middle section to join together...
4 and 5: current CD issue of Substance
7) “Don’t be a fashion bitch”
-Preparing for bomeownership
Android OS. Will lead the installed base forecast, driven by its ability to straddle both the high and the low price points in the market.
That said, most crime novels contain elements that are, to say the least, improbable. Ultimately, a key subjective question for judgment is whether an author succeeds in overcoming the inherent unlikelihood of the material and exciting the reader. Well, I was excited, and I did want to know what was going to happen to poor old Christine and her enigmatic husband Ben. You need to suspend your disbelief when reading, but I was happy to do so.
I'm sure that, despite the nice weather, I'll have down days where I'm still not completely crazy about my stay at home gig but I know that, with the sunshine, serotonin, and my sweet, sweet girl, I'll feel SO MUCH BETTER than I did this winter! Hooray for Spring!!
The mild tremors earlier this week were only a reminder of the necessity of the Red Cross’ endeavors in preparing for disaster relief and readiness efforts in the Bay Area . We were glad to have a part in the successful event. Thank you to DPEM for having us!
Times Square / 149 West 46th Street
One other interesting comment I heard more than once had to do with parents saying they did not give their kids ADHD medication during summer and other breaks. These parents said their child did not need them when they were not attending school.
Smile to the mirror and stroke upward to highlight them. The colour of the blusher use would depends on the look you would wish to have. A sweet pink tone will have a youthful fresh look. A peach orange tone will be for ladies who wish to get a more mature and sophisticated look which suits the executive image.
If you attended either of these meetings, did you learn helpful information to put to use in your own food storage plan? What questions would you have asked if you didn't attend the meetings but wanted to?
I think they should be left alone. The ruler should be a unifiying figure. Through the Constitution all races are protected. The rulers are not rulers for Malays only, they rule everyone.
Of today’s actions
It does you good to get it 'off your chest'.
spark plugs, but her untidy scrawl was legible enough that she’d
58, rue des Lombards
*Non-Corporate Customer Service Numbers Provided By Commenter Ethan
If you have any difficulties with your link, please make sure to include the number of the link when you e-mail me. It is really difficult for me to find your link otherwise. And, if you see any broken links, please let me know that as well.
put in juicer and should get at least 16+ fluid ounces - if not add more greens to juicer
So far one of my favorite things about being here has been seeing the patriotic spirit of the citizens as they have prepared for this day. The city is covered in red, white and blue. Stores have put up balloons and banners, and mannequins are dressed in red, white and blue. I am so glad we didn't miss this.
Crouching, near-naked himself except for the daggers, he took to his feet. Nothing could threaten the verve that prickled his skin, full as it was, with exaltation.
Of the multitude of things in this big, old world that puzzle me, number one on the list is the TV show, Donald Trump’s Celebrity Apprentice. My wife and I watch The Amazing Race and right after the Race comes on Celebrity Apprentice. My wife watches: Me, not so much. However, I have watched enough in passing to know that the celebrities are ridiculed by each other and eventually by Donald Trump in his “Board Room.” This ridicule gets quite personal and venomous and leads to verbal confrontations that would be more suitable between two drunks at 2 A.M. in a seedy, blighted-area bar. Although not my thing, I can see why people like to watch this show. We elevate celebrities to the highest level, so, when they fall, we enjoy their long tumble. But I can’t for the life of me figure out why any celebrity would be a part of this very public evisceration.
SOROS: No, not at all. Not at all, I rather enjoyed it.
It made me think that one of the things I value about theatre is the sense that the audience's presence, even in the most straight-up-and-down proscenium play, makes an active difference to the show. After all, theatre is, among other things, an exchange. It's not something that's done to you.
dripping
For Natalie‘s birthday one year, we — she, her parents, Hannah, Joanna and I — loaded up the car and went camping for a weekend. We were in high school. Her birthday is at the end of June. Needless to say, the Pacific Northwest weather got the best of us and it was raining nonstop. We managed to pitch the tent but everything was wet everywhere.
Supposedly back in "ye olde days", those who worked with animals on farms were also encouraged by country doctors to do a regular de-worming regimen (and of course, I can't find the links where I first read this). There are plenty of herbal parasite cleanse methods available to humans over-the-counter. It's been three years of owning animals, so I'm thinking it wouldn't hurt if I were to do one as well. And thankfully, I don't need to worry about throwing out my own eggs.
My port is good...there is a nice little healed up bump there. Next Tuesday I have a clinic appointment and I'll get it flushed for the first time.My nurse friend Gail is going to go along to learn how to do it, it has to be flushed once a month so I don't get clots. I might even try to learn to do it myself, but that doesn't sound too fun right now.
As an historian and biographer steeped in American culture (works on William Carlos Williams, Man Ray, Thomas Edison, and Henry Ford) my current teaching behavior and beliefs grow out of decades of writing books that identify and elucidate redemptive qualities in our native imagination, most recently The American Revelation: Ten Ideals That Shaped Our Country from the Puritans to the Cold War.
After freshening up, Pierre then played the role as a bartender, flashing a variety of weird drinks. The tastes of each were alien to me. I sat myself on top of the high stool like 'Buddha' and that shocked the hell out of him. His reaction scared the hell out of me too.
I used a small cookie dough scoop and loaded one scoop into each cupcake liner.
Racked: 06-29-2008
As Sue Lawley repeatedly tries to present him as some quintessential left-wing firebrand - an incorrigible "fighter" who was wildly popular with radical students in the 1960s and '70s, and who has refused to mellow with age - Thompson becomes noticeably uncomfortable, stammering and muttering and eventually insisting that he believes that "politics and scholarship" should not mix, and that teachers should not "abuse" their positions by seeking to influence their students' opinions.
When the Lord said that no person could be saved in ignorance, I think he meant women as well as he did men, and I think the women of the Church are under the obligation of studying the scriptures just as well as for the men. President Joseph Fielding Smith (Take Heed to Yourselves, p. 259.)
But in recent years the Platinum Rap set have been referencing the Eye of Ra and other Magical imagery, invoking it on everything from clothes to video imagery. Many in Religious circles and so-called Conspiracy community, have drawn attention to the heavily Esoteric and Freemasonic themes in modern Rap culture, and begun asking questions. Although some of the arguments are based on what appears to be mob mentality and blind religious fervor, accusing artists of this and that, some people who are knowledgeable in Occult matters, seem to be putting forward very interesting info and arguments based on facts.
Empty Dishwasher - If we ran it early in the evening then I will empty it before bed but that doesn't happen too often.
My Boyfriend Scales Walls is my favorite polish from this collection. I honestly don't know why I like is to much. I guess it is because the white polish applied like a dream. There was no balding patchy issues and it was opaque in two coats. It will be my go to white.
CALLER: Hi, Dr. Laura.
Thank you so much for stopping by today. I hope all your preparing and planning for Christmas is going well, and that you're ready to sit back, relax, and enjoy the holidays. I'm getting there, too! Have a blessed day and happy stamping!
Mr. Bradley may have a problem. If the Democrats all stick together, they theoretically have enough votes to sever his nomination and block it from coming to the Senate floor because of the 2/3 rule. And it wouldn't surprise me if some Senate Republicans agreed that Mr. Bradley's agenda-driven approach and bellicose comportment, on full display at the Nominations Committee, was a poor fit for a panel full of scientists charged with objectively evaluating forensic questions. (Last session, one of Governor Perry's appointees to the Board of Pardons and Paroles, Shanda Perkins, was scuttled on a bipartisan 27-4 vote, with some senators who'd voted for her in committee voting against her on the floor.)
I fished around in there, got the flashlight out and looked in there, and could not for the life of me find them. What's a girl to do?
Um, what? Ok. Whatever dude! I smiled at him, and pulled out my phone to check the internet for fun stuff.
for no recognition, ever.
Protests continued throughout 2011, accompanied by relentless pressure from the regime to disrupt any opposition; a violent crackdown that saw one youth shot dead and several people seriously injured during TPMN protests, including a young rap musician; smear campaigns, arrests and persecution of activists; and the emergence of several copy-cat movements.
Julia DeWolfe...Lori Tirgrath
she is also one of the sweetest bloggers i've come across.
In 1831 he addressed a crowd of 50,000 on the Town Moor concerning parliamentary reform, and later urged non-payment of taxes until the Bill became law.
It was raining half of the night. I was sharing the tent with Balder this time. The tent was generously landed to us by Yuhua. It was a fancy 4-season climbing single wall tent, similar to this one. I can’t say I was really ecstatic about this tent (sorry, Yuhua). It did serve its purpose, however, didn’t leak or rip. But for the price it didn’t even come with a rainfly, which in that conditions would be quite useful. Good thing I brought some garbage bags. So it was raining. By morning it was drizzling and foggy. However, that didn’t stop mosquitoes to do what mosquitoes do. They weren’t too bad, but still annoying. I’ve picked up some blueberries for breakfast. There weren’t nearly as dense as we saw in Wrangell, but there were some, everywhere. Perhaps it was a bit early in the season.
When Obama does try to act like a wheeler-dealer the results are even worse than when he surrenders before sitting down to the table. He owed Janet Napolitano a favor when she campaigned for him against Hillary so he made her Homeland Security secretary. This was wrong for two very big reasons. One, she stinks at the job. When they caught the underwear bomber already on the plane with the explosives she said it shows the system “is working.” Under her wise stewardship we continue frisking elderly white women at airports.
It’s not heavy handed; most unsuspecting audiences dance completely unaware of the politically charged lyrical content. Mixing in tracks with more lighthearted themes like Las Vegas and NYC, Holy Hail’s always-upbeat dance-rock covers both the promises of America, as well as its sprawling dark side.
1. * The Collegeville Church History Time-Line With Fold-out Time-LIne by Joseph F. Kelly, Liturgical Press, 2005, 24 pages
Frog hops with weight 16 reps
After spending almost two hours drifting in and around Riobamba’s center looking for a cheap hotel, I finally came across the Hotel Glamour. It was the sixth place I’d checked out and the first that was equipped with wifi in the rooms.
For the hop additions, an “inventory clean up” approach was undertaken; a little of this, a little of that. The bitterness levels were kept on the lower side to allow the tea and whirlpool additions to come through.
thawing frozen hands and face.
So my recommendation to you is- Do yourself a favour go and buy it (and its 2 sequels), lock yourself in your room for a few days and let it take you over. It engrossed me to no end and if it doesn't do the same to you then there is something seriously wrong with you!
For BookBaby a manuscript can be uploaded in pdf, which is good as you do not have to worry about making sure all the formatting codes in the manuscript are correct.
Hello again! I had a lovely long Christmas, although that happy time was followed by a horrible sneezy cold. The first weeks felt a bit of a struggle as an editor had asked me to revise a story for a Spring anthology. The school visit requests started arriving, so I had to re-arrange my School Visit folder very quickly. Some interesting visits to come!
He said "Uh... Yeah... Umm... I would like to buy a CD."
This is a vast improvement, in terms of story and dialogues, over this writer-director combo ‘s previous Once upon a time in Mumbai. Milan Lutharia and Rajat Arora are here fully advocating for the commercial format of melodrama and dialoguebaazi, and they seem to be relishing it even more this time because this movie talks a lot about ‘bums on the seats’ being the only thing that matters in this hypocritical morally-policed world. I don’t concur to it completely but I’m happy that Milan and Rajat stand by their characters and deliver a hard-core and unabashedly entertaining ‘single screen’ movie.
Follow the stream of messages. That ye may know would meet Russia’s special envoy Mikhail Margilov. Have not seen him in the past, and therefore continued with a number of my colleagues who know him asking their recommendation. I was told that the meeting is its glory.
I'm trying out some new stuff and techniques I've been thinking about.
Traces of both are preserved in the text of the Indulgentiam of Pope’s Urbi et Orbi blessing which runs “May the Almighty and merciful God grant you pardon, absolution and remission of all your sins, space for a true and fruitful repentance, an ever penitent heart and emendation of life, the grace and consolation of the Holy Spirit, and final perseverance in good works
Perylene Maroon
Everyone in the party except for Ahmet, Andrej and Frith will need to roll a d20 at the outset. At the moment, the fact that you're not fighting is keeping those dwarves who already feel terror from simply running off (though the book says the "sight of the dragon" is enough, I'm willing to stretch that to the dragon appearing confrontation - which this dragon isn't, right now).
That’s about it for Schrödinger’s cat and the implications this thought experiment has had on current quantum theory. Originally designed to show how ridiculous it all is, it is now one of the most common descriptions of quantum mechanics around today. It is also the only reason why we remember Erwin Schrödinger, and is his lasting legacy.
9am after great breakfast were back on site and worked another full hard shift in great spirits having beaten Russ at the bar room challenge.
I do a little job or two each day. Sometimes I can only manage to clean one shelf of the fridge. Other days I romp through the house or go for a walk with no problem. There is no rhyme or reason for this...... no way I can tell in advance how I am going to be. I tend not to make any really important arrangements because I might not be able to keep them.
These are small Valentine cookies beautifully handcrafted with the best natural ingredients available. Baked in small batches with care going into every detail from pure cane sugar to tasteful packaging.
How did you get hold of those documents? Those are state documents. These questions are state business.
Once the meat is done, go ahead and grab your tortillas and warm them on the griddle. Grab about a tablespoon of the meat and cabbage (or base it on your preference) and place it on the tortilla and roll it. You can use a toothpick and insert it in the middle of the taco to make sure the tortilla doesn’t fall apart when you place it on the frying pan. Fry each taco for about 2-3 minutes or until golden brown.
Rice vinegar- 1 tbsp
I would like to focus all my energy on a friend being ill instead of all this stupidity my mind keeps picking up to throw at me.
He gave the drum an experimental tap and nodded in satisfaction at the sound. Perfect. He found the beat and started to weave a new pattern, holding the drumstick in his right hand and using the palm of his left.
How is the forgiveness of our sins connected to forgiving others?
You can also check out my predictions for who the five Best New Artist nominees will be. Nicki Minaj and the Band Perry are locks, while Bon Iver and Il Volo are likely picks as well.
Jagger Baird knows nothing about the Tribe when he’s hired as head of security for an archaeological dig on Mt. Sinai. The former Army Ranger is still reeling from an accident that claimed the life of his best friend, his arm, and his faith in God.
"I don't think there was anything ugly about it at all, except that I walked eight." - responding to teammate Raplh Kiner who said it was the ugliest no-hitter he had ever seen
Until then, C.A.R.E. has worked with businesses and individuals to address overpopulation in their areas. Some businesses and individuals agree to feed strays while C.A.R.E. handles the TNR process. They hope to trap, neuter and release 400 cats this year.
Fuckle: Scary nine-year-old, premature serial killer, obsessed with knives.
So, without further ado, let me discuss our experience with Clerks.
A: NO! Not at all! Well maybe for a little while. Here's the thing:
I like and respect her, for her style and for her comfort with who she is.
Replacements for potato can be sweet potato, jerusalem artichoke, even kohlrabi root, once peeled, taste good in potato-esque dishes. I find eggplant and zucchini almost perfectly replaceable by weight, minus the differences in flavour. Both taste excellent. Both can be pretty much in the same exact dishes, from noodle-less lasagne, to fried and even to baked. If grating, zucchini has slightly more water so do account for that (or simply squeeze it out).
so im taking these shots of this rad SUP dude in the surf,
This adorable husband-wife team was still kicking around within the living memory of the Pepsi generation, enjoying a healthy second career performing in night clubs and on the Ed Sullivan Show throughout the 1950s. When Benny passed away in 1959, Blossom cheerfully plugged on halfway through her seventh decade in show business.
“The mace spray, if it’s working, would repel them immediately,” my friend said. “But the can may not be working any more. It’s quite old. Does CS gas deteriorate over time?”
I cannot wait until the actual Square Foot Garden is started! I am going on vacation on Tuesday so I'm gonna have to wait until I get back but I do hope the box is here by then. I'm so excited about this whole thing that it is ridiculous. I hope to have be able to start harvesting some things by mid February or so. Hopefully the vegetable garden (if you can call it a garden) plus the CSA veggie box will be enough so we don't have to buy produce again until the season ends.
Today I start to clean out the piles and piles of stamps I have collected over the years! I was a StampinUp! demonstrator for several years and I thought I had to have them all! Well! Most never even got put together! The ones that were mounted rarely, if ever, got used! Its like everything else, I like the "getting", not so much the "using".
Potato, 1 pc large, cut into cubes, deep fried or steam until soft
This old pattern is so adorable. Roses and love letters!
Thank you for letting me have a place to unload.
Ava wonders if her mother is happy. She married "the Chief" when she was nineteen and "started her career as an alligator wrestler that same year." She also gave birth that year to Kiwi. Ava remembers Kiwi telling her that their mother had married too young. When Ava repeated that to her mother, she says "Your father and I were sweethearts, you tell me what's too 'too' about that! Without Sam I'd still be on the mainland."
- Dark chocolate glaze
Huong Viet’s storefront on Passaic Avenue in Nutley. I had some trepidation with the restaurant opening so close to another local Vietnamese favorite, Binh Duong in nearby Bloomfield, which opened shortly after Little Saigon’s original Nutley location burned down in 2003.
Second, this in no way hindered me from enjoying this book.
Also tomorrow is the first installment of my new Guest Blogger series and this one is amazing. A dear friend, a fellow Canadian and a GRUNGE QUEEN!!!!
today, i will go back home with some heaviness. i will go out for a walk to just leave all this out... to forget what seems to drain to my energy every day as it passes.
The witness did confirm the agent he directly handled, ‘Stakeknife’, described by a former General Officer Commanding as the “best” Army agent ever recruited here, did provide information after the attack – presumably about those involved – but he could not recall the details.
*Alana is going on her first non-family sleepover tomorrow night. She keeps saying, "I know you are going to miss when I am gone."
Dr Mahathir is a Tun (equivalent to a Sir) and I am not. He is the ex-Prime Minister of Malaysia and I am not. He is also a fellow Blogger, although ‘the enemy’, and I give respect to fellow Bloggers — even to people like Rocky and all those other Umno Bloggers whom I personally know but who have now declared me ‘the sworn enemy’.
I say, Time to send Barack home to Chi-town for a resssssst!
There are many ways to reduce ATM transaction fees. Some suggest withdrawing the maximum (typically US $300) to minimize ATM visits and transaction fees. Others ask cashiers to charge their debit card for more than the total due in order to receive “cashback.”
I am not perfect. At one point, I got extremely upset at myself for having to get prayed for “over and over” for the same spirit of fear and anxiety season after season.
2. Peter Woodward (1981) – I first became aware of Woodward during his brief stint on the sci-fi series, “CRUSADE”. He was also slightly memorable as Willoughby, although I did not find his take on the character as particularly roguish. His last scene may have been a bit hammy, but otherwise, I found him tolerable.
Give thanks.
Alongside its creator's confidence and curiosity, Post reflects the creative turmoil circa 1994-95 of London, where Bjork had relocated from Iceland. Jungle was exploding out of the underground, and strange hybrids such as trip hop and post-rock were bubbling.
Imagine my surprise when Barro instead spent most of the entire article talking about Rich Lowry’s piece in NR. (I love how Barro defines credibility; fire someone who disagrees with you. Newsflash: conservatives will never be credible on race in the eyes of liberals. Barro will never get it. He’ll be great on Stewart’s show in 3 years. Call him David Frum light.) Almost as if he had this piece written about Lowry’s piece, then just re-titled it when Derb’s piece fizzled up from the left wing swamps of noted race freethinkers like Adam Serwer and Alex Pareene.
I enjoyed reading Good In Bed but I found it an interesting read rather than compelling. I was able to put it down easily but always looked forward to reading a bit more the next night. Perfect for me when I am tired and just want to read a little to help me relax before going to sleep. There isn't tons of sex as the title and front cover might suggest, but that would have spoiled the book for me anyway. Instead of finding it wildly funny I found it an amusing, thoughtful read. It was well written enough for me to be able to visualize Cannie's world and understand her feelings and turmoil while she comes to terms with everything that is happening around her.
Solo Quintessential - 4.4% - Copper-coloured beer.
Its not that I have to go school now a days but getting amyu ready to go to school is one major blue....its too cold to have a bath with cold water so he needs warm water in September..(ring a bell with someone who has a bath with hot water in the middle of summers?) and then the million dollar question "what will you have for tiffin tomorrow??????"
Stunned.
Cibachrome . . .
Our local paper yesterday had a story about the Catholic priest from a small town north of here who has a pyrotechnics licence and stages fireworks displays in some of the small towns and villages hereabouts, with the profits going to the church. He calls his business "Holy Smoke"....isn't that a hoot?
Just as physics show, for every action there’s an equal and opposite reaction. The time has come to declare that at least for the western world human rights are generally accepted and moving in the right direction however a new movement is required a movement of human responsibility.
Truth over Falsehood,
What is your plan for using it to maintain contact with your network? How much time will it take each week?
What is going on? Past studies by the IMF concluded that the global deficit in the 1980s and 1990s was largely due to the underreporting of foreign-investment income by rich countries and the under-recording of freight receipts... Another possible explanation posits that the surge in the global discrepancy broadly coincides with both the explosion in vertically integrated businesses, where firms locate different stages of production in different countries... Transfer pricing used by multinationals to shift profits around the globe may distort trade figures...
- Danielle C. & Thomas G.
Their conclusion:
dusting off
I should add, though, that one of my coworkers had dirty towels in her room when she arrived. She asked for a new room and promptly got one.
Later on I was like a dog with a bone. I had to let it drop though for the sake of my marriage. Under cross examination the hubster cracked and said the dad, upon hearing my son say he lost, exclaimed "What, oh my god, I'm so sorry". I then asked my son did you play to draw - yes was his answer. My husband is now cross. He says you weren't there he came out and said he played to win and tried some new moves.
I wear the tyre proudly as I am doused in gasoline. I am afraid, but I shall not show fear. Instead, I try to focus on fond memories and happy times to help me cope with what is about to happen and where I am about to be dispatched to. I say a prayer… flick! A match is struck and flung in my direction… (damn) this bloody slow-motion, it seems like forever before the lit match stick lands on my and I erupt in a ball of flames and smoke.
I'm not going to write too much about the details and logistics of the traverse...I'll leave that in the capable hands of Jess, Toby, Ben, Paul and Carlyn. They did the traverse, crossing Joshua Tree via the California Riding and Hiking Trail. They let me be a tourist on their journey through the park complete with my fanny pack and shoulder sling (I couldn't carry a pack, so I looked to my Western European ancestors for a method of transporting gear easily and stylishly).
Stuart Garner, CEO said, “Being there for the first high-speed test was interesting and we were all a bit nervous because we needed to know the bike was stable. Our rider Ian Mackman did some high-speed runs, hard braking and lots of track laps – he was really happy.”
Lesson learned: Clean the caps too!!!!
I used the Fancy Tags Two & Standard Circle dies from Spellbinders
Ciao for now!
My rating of the movie is a 4 out of 5. You can check it out at your local video store or on Netflix Instant. If you try it, I’m very sure you’ll enjoy it as well.
My friend Started a Blog that is about a big public art piece she did. She doesn't know anybody on blogger, and isn't likely to become a frequent blogger, but if you have a moment, would you pop over there and answer one simple question? By participating, you expand the project, keeping it alive and in flux. The address is: http://www.onemillionthoughtsofjoy.blogspot.com/
Even if a player is missing some appropriate-level gear after skipping a few zones, it hardly matters: combat is much more forgiving in Cataclysm. A player wearing imperfect gear and using subpar skills/talents will still not struggle to kill outdoor mobs, and even this is a huge understatement. Better to say, a player wearing a complete mishmash of gear and using clueless skills/talents can pull a large group of outdoor mobs, haplessly slaughter them, and come away completely unscathed.
Which brings me to another letter just received in the Goldblog inbox:
The winners of the Graphic 45 prize pack are Manhatan Mandie who left a comment on Tara Orr's blog this week, and Patti Goodding Swartz who left a comment on the Graphic 45 Facebook page. Congratulations ladies! Please email us at info@g45papers.com with your shipping information so we can send you your prizes!
Mclarens ARB
To our descent. ‘Twas a challenging experience, holding onto iron window bars and narrow ledges, then dropping and catching the next set of bars or ledges. Despite several pistol shots passing us from a new wave of guards upon the roof above, we descended low enough to finally drop to the ground. To the horses I’d tied ready for our hasty escape. Mounted, and with musket shots whizzing passed, galloped into the night leaving Newgate behind.
A: Per Chi (Without You)
in my vision. in my mind.
4 fl oz cider vinegar
We got caught off guard and so we all got split up, and I ended up finding some of my family members & former classmates & I followed them to a new location slightly outside of the city.
But these markings on the bottom made it more interesting to me for my sister's best friend during high school in this town was a Johnson, who attended the Assembly of God Church which is what our church building was before we purchased it, and those two girls graduated in 1973!
I remember so many things, so many good memories are swirling around in my heart today. One that stands out is how, following my mastectomy, my mom and grandma came to take care of me and help John with the house and the girls. After mom left, grandma stayed longer and watched over me, brought me my meals, told me to take naps, sat with me and talked, prayed with me, and folded laundry while I sat on the couch. It was a precious time and it was the way she loved people the best.
Character flaws can be slotted into three categories.
That’s not what happened.
The latest doc specializes in holistic health, trying acupuncture, herbs, supplements, etc. to resolve and get the root of the issues. Most of her clients fall into the anxious/stressed category so she does a whole interview with you about your life. We went through my history, and she was describing that the intersection of marriage, law school, big firm, infertility, family health issues, and adoption are largely the stressors that have affected me. No big shock there, but as she was listing everything off, I started to think it was sounding pretty absurd. My life has been a little nutso over the past 5 years or so. As we were discussing a plan of action, the doctor mentioned the stress I would experience when the adoption was final and we brought “the baby” home. At that moment, I reached a decision point- tell her the truth or nod and smile. I chose to nod and smile. I couldn’t do it. I couldn’t tell her that not only are we not adopting a baby, but we are adopting THREE full-grown children. I was sure she would push me out the door and say there was nothing she could do to help me because she doesn’t treat mental illness.
Monitor your pet for hyperactivity, elevated heart rate, vomiting/diarrhea, tremors, twitches and seizures although preventive treatment long before any of these symptoms is the best approach.
Heaven Hair & Beauty, 21 Ravensdale Park, Kimmage, D12; 01-492 8633
03 Dec – Mitchells Plain Network Opposing Abuse, Mitchells Plain
8. Texting loud. Have you ever heard the constant beep, beep, beep of someone typing a text message on their cell phone? People, keypad sounds on your cell phone can be turned off! Have your daughter, granddaughter, or some other young person show you how. We have enough to contend with from all this clipping, blowing, humming, and loud talking. Give us a break.
I made a crafty thing.
Endnotes
from the hairline to the bottom of the chin is one-tenth of the height of a man
****Warning Warning****
One of the things that I love about my cyber school is that it offers so many wonderful life-changing opportunities. Each year, my school takes students to Guatemala, Panama, China, Quebec, and on a "behind-the-scenes" Disney workshop in Orlando.
Van Steenberg Monk’s Ale
I grabbed some frozen strawberries so I could ice your bruising knees but frozen things they all unfreeze and now I taste like. All those frozen strawberries I used to chill your bruising knees, hot July ain’t good to me, I’m pink and black and blue for you.
Absinthe
So once again, we may be in a situation where economic variables co-vary with one another (we would expect growth in real disposable income to go up as unemployment comes down), but we can make some interesting observations about the time-frame within which the economy matters.
‘Clear skies and temperatures in the high-70s help to remind me why I ride my bike to work everyday. The crisp morning air helps to wake me up in the morning, the slight incline of some of the roads gives me just enough trouble to call my morning commute exercise, and the opportunity to breeze by cars sitting in long lines of traffic at stop-signs and red lights reminds me that I am getting to work in arguably the quickest way possible. My semester in DC has provided me with the opportunity and challenge of finding ways to live a more simple and earth-conscious life.
I hope I don't end up like him
Here's something I haven't done for awhile - a muted, more subtle nail polish color. Lately I've been sporting bright, sometimes nearly neon colors, but this is a pleasant change. Don't get me wrong... I still love my bright and cheery polishes and won't be getting rid of them any time soon! But this pretty Essie color might be one of my new favorites.
I’ve cried about it. Thought about it for hours at a time. I’ve wept till I couldn’t any longer. This is not the first time this has happened to me. I’m sure not for you either (the reader.) I usually call them out, “Hey, what’s wrong? Is it me?” I make it my burden. I sit in anxiety and I wait for their reply. I see that it is me and then the relationship dwindles in my hands and i’m left to sweep up my own bits. But you know what, this is not going to be my burden this time. I’m going to stubbornly sit here and wait it out. I’m going to live my life.
Since I borrowed my doggie lamp from the familyroom, and put it in the guest room, I needed to replace it. My Goodwill always has a huge selection of lamps. Some of them really, really, ugly, but usually there are a few to choose from that are pretty good.
As I have said before, this fukktard does not represent my area of Ohio (Thank heavens), and the man is a bloomingfuckingidiot!
Sent: Tuesday, March 20, 2012 4:07 PM
As you can see, ONE is working to find many, diverse, creative ways to fight the multi-faceted problem of extreme poverty and it is for that reason that I enthusiastically write about their campaign in this space.
Say Hello, Lily by Deborah Lakritz with illustrations by Martha Aviles
She was responding to PKR secretary-general Saifuddin Nasution’s statement in the daily Sinar Harian that Abdul Aziz was a member of Umno’s Sri Ampang branch and Wan Ahmad a member of the Kubang Bunggor branch in Pasir Mas.
Heat a stockpot or large oven over medium heat, add olive oil and when hot add the sliced garlic and 2 of the bay leaves. Cook until garlic in brown on both sides stirring all while. Remove garlic and bay leaves from the pot with a slotted spoon. Add the trinity (onion, celery, bell pepper) and sauté over medium-low heat until onion edges start to brown, about 6 to 8 minutes, stirring frequently to caramelize. Add the tomatoes cooking another 2 minutes.
Back to bed in the silence of the night I decided to use my time wisely
The reverse of first logo, black arrows on a light background, means that the product is recyclable. Virtually all paper is recyclable (unless you apply a treatment to it), so this would be the most used logo of the three.
wonder if or how obvious it was that I was possibly the only straight
these super cute May Day baskets.
THE COLD COLD GROUND would make great telly. Gerard Brennan’s THE POINT would be a beaut film.
Samantha Armistead is an 8th grader and a member of ASC. She often serves as an acolyte is is very involved in youth group.
I get up in the morning, and one of two things happens. If I didn't wear my contacts, I reach over to my nightstand and place on my head the last pair of glasses that I was wearing the night before. It's usually a surprise. Like kaleidoscope trick-or-treating. But, if I've slept in my contacts, one of my eyeballs is glued together by the eyelids, and I have to grope my way down the hall to straighten that mess out. I take them out, at that point. If I'm leaving the house, I put on my most stylish of the 4 pairs I have (yes, 4) because naturally, I want to look smashing..and if I'm not reading anything, we're good. While I'm out I must look over the top of my stylish Diva Glamor glasses, because alas, as pretty as they are, I can't see anything written with them on. When I wear these, my eyeballs fight with each other, and it's never pretty, but always exhausting. I do look smashing, though!
In October the Independent Complaints Directorate (ICD) started a probe into Jaca's conduct, and he was suspended by the the Tshwane municipality.
She's a little embarrassed that he's privy to their bickering, "No, we're no longer together." The doors open to a plethora of press and a shitstorm brewing in the foyer.
But it's more than just the name. I try to be funny, and often talk about race, and wonderful white ladies, and I have a "philosophy of beauty" tag (not as deep as his). And for that reason, along with the integrity and pride he wore so brazenly on the sleeves of his leather jackets, I do draw a lot of inspiration from his career. His moment felt imminent. I could have seen him finding an older functionally-dysfunctional Louis CK type of lane. Absolute worst time for him to go.
Rarely set my clock.
02-Media Blitz
In her letter to readers in the March, 2012, issue of the magazine, Martha Stewart Living editor-in-chief Pilar Guzman makes an intriguing comment about looking back to former issues of the magazine in order to move forward. She writes: "...we will feature images on this page that inspire us from the magazine's archives. Sometimes it's important to look back in order to move forward." As a longtime subscriber, I felt like playing along! I'll be raiding the archives each month to showcase my favourite issue.
people(no empathy)
Another week, another audiobook collecting dust. I just finished David Shenk’s The Genius in All of Us. Great book with lots of data and case studies. Also very uplifting for folks to know that genius is not something you’re born with, it’s something you work for and towards.
Without his atomic clock The Cardinal was nothing. He raged and screamed and made everyone turn everything upside down but it couldn´t be found. When R came to talk to him, he was resigned.
Tuesday - Wednesday were the hardest, most frightening days of my entire life. I'm sitting by her bedside now and don't have the energy to go into the emotional detail. I prefer, at this time, to leave it in the past.
First I guess I should explain that I was here because of band. I played in a concert as well as marched in a parade in Disneyland! (The parade was kind of unpleasant because of the heat but I’m going to brag about it anyways because that’s pretty much all it’s worth.) Got a free T-Shirt and visited the secret backlot Disney. People were smoking and stuff back there. It was a bit depressing, but I thought it was super cool. haha. Finally, we got to participate in a really cool sound recording workshop where our band played the music to accompany some Disney movies.
My husband, Marc, who has made it a personal challenge to take photos of each of the Presidential candidates, goes to as many of these events as he can. Often he brings a few of the kids (who enjoy hearing the different platforms and then discussing them afterward – such are the children who grow up in New Hampshire.) Anyway, last week Marc and Addy went to see Ron Paul. Ron (like Bill Clinton whom the kids have met so many times, they *once* called him Bill – um, no.) is almost a grandfather to the kids, we all look forward to his coming around every four years and saying hi.
This afternoon my doctor called with the official ultrasound results.
Finally I have managed to get my TUSAL update posted. Better late than never as they say!
@ Rock Bar Dillon, Reykjavik
I love these sweet little 4 bract blooms. The tree is planted near my bird feeding stations because the fruit is especially tasty to the birds. It is even edible to humans but I'll just let the birds enjoy it.
The following night I started warming up with the first guy on, Dave Sutherland; I got into my stride with Quirkus and carried that through with The Geese (now a 5 piece band – they were only a 3 piece outfit when I photographed them for their CD cover last year), again, producing photos I was dead chuffed with. However, by the time King Creosote came on stage, my CFS tapped me on the shoulder to remind me it was there and my energy deserted me. I took a few photos, but my heart was no longer in it and I had to leave before the end to ensure I could make the 15-mile drive home in safety.
The Garage has been finished for about a month, but I have been so busy I haven’t had time to post about it. Oops!
2 slices of whole wheat bread
These were people who met daily to study the Scriptures. They must have almost been an easy “slam-dunk” for the Apostle Paul in terms of making converts, since his practice was to always used the Bible to witness in the synagogues.
empty. What qualified as it.
Below are a few pictures of Blair. She wanted me to take her picture since she looked so cute. Chris and Blair are going on a date in February to the church Daddy/Daughter Valentine's Banquet. She is so excited! The first two pictures are of her dressed up in her date night outfit. The last picture is of her dressed up for school from last week. She looked so darn cute in her outfit and cowboy boots that I had to share. Hope you all have a great week!
Even in a known case of Saints linebacker Jonathan Vilma offering $10K to knock Brett Favre out of the 2009 NFC Championship, Favre didn’t seem upset at all.
I really like cooking when I'm in the mood or I find a cool recipe. Then again I'm a Taurus and I like a fine meal. I'd like to eat out at some fine establishments, but my bank account would be much more drained. I'm the type of person who will wait in line to eat a good meal and I'm not talking about the Cheesecake Factory either. San Francisco has too many restaurants that you're bound to find something to awesome to eat.
It was not until about July 21 or 22 that some consensus was reached about the true nature of Becky’s new disease process, and even then a very precise diagnosis was not possible. However, the news was not good. The general opinion was that this definitely was some sort of neuromuscular disease. Because it had been progressing very rapidly, the most likely expectation for the future was that it might continue to progress very rapidly. The prognosis was poor, although again it was stressed that nobody could really predict the course the disease would take because it was an extremely rare situation.
For those of you who haven’t heard of Stella & Dot, their boutique-style jewelry and accessories line is available exclusively through in-home Trunk Shows by Independent Stylists and online.
My husband was really supportive in the closing stages – he’s not from El Paso, but says that when we visit, he appreciates the city more, now that he knows a little more about its history.
“I came of age in the 1960s and 1970s. I was a slow learner as a gay man and I used books to show me the way. You might say that I read my way out of the closet.”
But the light-workers, love-holders, all over the planet, are very, very reticent to simply say, “I believe in our star brothers and sisters.” “Yes, I saw a UFO the other day.” “Yes, I have a friend who is a hybrid.” “Yes, I have a son who is a star-seed.” Is it not magnificent? Is it not exciting? Help is on the way. Because, yes, your star brothers and sisters come in love to assist with the Ascension, with the shift.
Take a practice dry-camping trip. You will be pleasantly surprised at how easy it can be.
Our school is undergoing a process of “prioritization,” or a hired assessment of which programs to cut and restructure so the private college can be more profitable. Cultural Studies is a relatively small department that could be phased out as a result of these decisions. It is an incredibly successful and internationally renowned program.
And you constantly fill our inner poverty
At this point, season lightly with kosher salt and fresh ground black pepper. In a small bowl, combine fresh lemon juice with olive oil. This should be a 1 to 3 ratio of lemon juice to olive oil. Then add a little salt and pepper, and using a fork or small whisk, mix the dressing into an emulsion, whereby the lemon juice and olive oil are not separated but fully incorporated.
The 14-inch-wide (35-centimeter) metallic sphere hit the ground about 480 miles (750 kilometers) north of Windhoek, the African country's capital. It left a crater 13 inches (33 cm) deep and 12.5 feet (3.8 meters) across, the Agence-France Presse (AFP) reported Thursday.
Going Postal
Falling on their knees they bow before the humble Prince of Peace
Come to me when the day is through.
He reckoned they were his best option in this street. The old folks might be regular in their habits, but they were also much more restricted; he’d spotted the four o’clock curfew that always had them home in time for tea, he knew there was far less chance of them being out all day. Truth be told, there was probably far less of interest left inside their houses too.
I sit on the porch with a cigarette and blow smoke in rings around my earlobes.
So, if you would like to win, all you have to do is leave a comment and tell me what type of decorations you have in your house for Christmas. Remember, you must be a follower of my blog and new followers are welcome. The giveway will be drawn on Sunday, November 21st. As an added special, you can buy any pattern on my ecrater site and receive one free, just let me know what your free choice is, in the comment box. And I will also be working on something special for everyone, as well.
It has been such an overwhelming year for me so far, and I can't quite believe that it is already approaching the end of April. (I also can't believe that our upstairs neighbours appear to be indulging in an early-morning ten-pin bowling session above our sofa, but that's another story.)
Dog-loving Attorney Katherine Borras believes the reason the bond is so high is because an animal was involved.
What Johnson is mostly remembered for is being the first president to be impeached (he was of course the only president to hold that dishonor, but that's a story for a twentieth century president). There are numerous sites to commemorate this dubious event (two of which are linked below), but basically, Johnson ran afoul of the Radical Republicans in Congress and found himself on trial for his political life. What I will always remember about the Johnson impeachment will be the name Edmund G. Ross. In high school (or it might have even been junior high) we were shown a black and white film that dealt with the Senator from Kansas. Ross was one of the chapters in the book by John F. Kennedy, Profiles in Courage. It was by Ross' single vote to acquit that Johnson kept his job as President. Ross however, lost his job two years later.
Maybe I just know enough, to keep that pain away
Snooki has almost 3 MILLION followers, Pauly & Vinny have like 1.5 MILLION each.
They say what doesn’t kill you only makes you stronger, but what of the one that doesn’t make you stronger but instead kills you.
Halloween Parade
How else can we explain our so-called love of Freedom in the face of the steady and continuous relinquishing of responsibility to our political elites?
I hope that everyone is having a wonderful holiday season so far! Happy Quilting!
And what would everyone think of Shay Brandenberger wearing this valuable piece of Moose Creek heritage? A white wedding gown, no less. If she didn’t have the approval of her closest friends and neighbors, what did she have? Not much, to her thinking.
Frozen cycles of the Glutamine in the perigee of the moon
This week JustRite Papercraft is having a blog hop for their April Release! The stamps are to die for! I love them all and the entire design team has some mind-blowing projects for you to drool over all week!!
something or someone. Freedom is not the ability to do whatever one pleases without regard to anyone else. Rather, true freedom comes from being situated in a web of relationships, finding one’s place there, and giving oneself away.
Indeed, it is not enough for children to be able to count, recognize numbers and calculate. Children need to be able to use problem solving skills alongside maths knowledge to help them to succeed in a variety of ‘real life’ situations.
It is one thing to bask in the glory of exaggerated global idolatry. It is quite another to change a nation and create a peaceful, just union of some 43- to 62 million people (no one knows the real size of SA's population) where all, Whites, Blacks, Asians and Coloureds, enjoy freedom, prosperity and equal opportunity. Well might we today ask: Has he measured up to the legend? Has he repaid the vast faith invested in him?
The mood for this essay was provided by Donovan and “Ferris Wheel.”
Polar bears are uniquely adapted for life in cold environments and do poorly in temperate and tropical climates. In the wild, they inhabit extremely large home ranges, occupying one of the largest living spaces of any terrestrial animal species. They spend significant time hunting and tracking prey, walking, socializing and playing.
If there is a Shyamalan film that "Shutter Island" recalls, it is "The Village", the film where the Big Twist was completely unnecessary to supporting what the film's message was (which was actually a theme worth exploring however botched it was), but also, makes you backtrack and wonder how all the elaborate wool-pulling made any sense on a logical level. "The Village" could have pulled off the same theme if the characters had actually lived in the past, as opposed to the revelation they were in a secluded village in the present. The theme of using fear to keep people in line would not have suffered any less for it.
It turned out, Foster learned later, those rumors of German troops hiding in the Bavarian Alps were untrue. Goering stood trial at Nuremberg, and the next year he was found guilty of war crimes.
PS–Can you show me that verse in Scripture where we are told how to do it ‘God’s way’?
Alicia and Peter
Glory And Splendour – Alex Miles
The reason I sang 아름다운 사실 (Beautiful Fact) of Boohwal for the round was that I've loved it ever since I watched the movie A Moment To Remember (내 머리 속의 지우개) and it has the song on the OST. Another reason was that the guitarist of Boohwal - Kim Tae Won - was there as a judge so I thought I would take an advantage of doing it, plus he is the one person I truly respect since I could feel him having so much personal charm unlike other stars on TV. For the next round the show will be choosing the song as a mission, so I am not sure what song I am going to sing then.
Another meal we used Easter ham in was...
Before Paris he even had a personal trainer at our gym. So this past Saturday was about time we finally joined a gym. I'm not sure what took so long but I can make a few excuses.
but something is seriously wrong with our dog.
Grace had an assignment at school to write me a letter. It's laminated in a big card. She drew a horse, a saddle, and a riding helmet on the front:
Moggies of Malvern is a strange old place. Over the last 5 years of getting my lunch here, I've seen people with at least 16 items try to use the self service checkout, people with less than 16 items try to use the self service checkout but without a basic understanding of barcodes, menu navigation and weight measurement, an ordinary looking man using a trolley for a paltry two loaves of bread and other stunning examples of Jesus Weptery that really are too depressing to recount.
First up is the Hoochee-Mama clone (left). The original Browntone Electronics Hoochee-Mama was revered for its smooth overdrive and tonal qualities. My clone pedal was manufactured by a little known but expert builder from Herfordshire, and as such, it was considerably less expensive than an original. Following receipt of the pedal, it was shipped off to the Mesh for its power-up modification. This mottled brown stomp box now helps me articulate my thoughts more accurately and more speedily to the Mesh Spinner, resulting in double speed… that’s twice as many musical attacks than I was previously capable of every second.
He is an alcoholic. That says it all.The court should force him into a rehab program to get him clean and sober. If he was sober he could earn money doing odd jobs in Holly Wood and Las Vegas. Putting him in jail won’t help anything.
As all cakes of this kind, it only gets better the next day or two, so go grab some lemons and make this cake!
As far as the District Council is concerned obviously we are waiting to find out if there is any change in the balance of power or at least the semblance of some opposition! We are waiting to see who will be sitting on the Planning Committee. We will then try again to persuade them of their obligations to involve the local community in consultation and discussions in matters that affect residents lives. We will challenge this false assertion that Planning Committee members are not allowed to talk to residents and listen to their arguements. This is made quite clear under the National Planning Framework Policy which states:
If you can't do the math, because I sure can't and only know the child was turning fifteen for an entire year because of his endless reminders as this is the year he can get his drivers permit... that would be 1997.
Perhaps, it is time for Nolan to come to terms with the notion that he is not really meant to be a director of the big-budget action extravaganzas. As much as I like his Batman films, they meant more to me because of the characters and the moral dilemmas they raised rather than the action sequences. While I am not necessarily complaining about Nolan's directorial chops as an action filmmaker, what I feel he is lacking most is in the conception department. The very idea of "Inception" requires action sequences that needed a dose of the absurd rather than the functional chase and shootout stuff that dominates the movie. While the filmmaking style of "The Matrix" has been recycled to death, the Wachowski Brothers knew how to construct their set pieces employing the flexibility of reality in their world. Or think of the sequence in Alex Proyas' "Dark City" where Murdoch is chased by the Strangers while the city shape-shifts around them.
I am pleased to announce that Cyclamen with Yellow Wrap is showing for the first time in a juried show. This painting presents a new technique for me. I used soft bodied acrylic paint in a way that makes it appear like water color on canvas. Come take a look and if you should find a work you wish to buy your purchase will support both the artist and the local park system.
The Lord says there is someone here tonight, he said all the weapons of all your enemies are already render useless.
3. A screaming comes across the sky. —Thomas Pynchon, Gravity's Rainbow (1973)
He played in the postseason four different years for the Phillies. I remember him being a nemesis for the Dodgers in the NLCS in 1978. He also wore out the Astros in the 1980 NLCS.
Roly Poly.
Many, if not most, of our cultural problems –– divorce, abortion, juvenile crime, and fatherlessness –– can be traced back to the failure of men.
Next stop for the exhibit, Treehouse in Pittsfield in June, Cummington Community House in July, the Westampton Library in September and the Quarry Cafe at River Valley Market in Northampton in November. - We're currently booking shows for 2013. Each exhibit is a unique showcase of images that correspond with the season and venue. Contact us to inquire about hosting this fundraising exhibit for Hilltown Families in your town/venue.
2. Amygdala hijack: This concept was created by Dan Goleman and explains why counting to 10 or some other brief pause is essential before responding when one feels triggered. You can learn more at http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Amygdala_hijack
The Giving God gives to His church
As always, our lovely Bacon Bits have made some cards to help inspire you:
Its sense of humour.
“You, what is your name?” Lord Fuckington demanded.
As I write this, Boscoe is in the kitchen, sprawled across his orthopedic dog bed, which is topped with a fleece mat and surrounded by five pillows. The pillows make it sound luxurious, but they serve a purpose; they are tucked between the bed and the wall and keep him from slipping off the side and into the crack. If he does slip, he is stuck until one of us rescues him.
PEOPLE: Directed and co-written by Neal Brennan, who co-wrote Half Baked and co-created The Dave Chapelle Show. Starring Mikey Day, Dominique Swain (Wendy from Happy Campers–my GOD can she scream like an insane maniac), Brittany Daniel (snobby hottie Sophia from That 80′s Show, it makes sense to put her in an 80s-spoof movie), Nicki Clyne (Battlestar Galactica, and in 1 episode each of Smallville, Dark Angel, and The L Word) as the poor girl, Chris Kattan (Saturday Night Live), Joey Kern (Cabin Fever) as The Douchebag Guy.
Hyphenated words are carriers of leptons and quarks
democracy, etc, is now being created before our very eyes--though
Preheat the oven to 375
So, here’s to the heroes and heroines true!
“When I was an undergraduate, every once in a while I’d hear that somebody took out a loan for school. That was shocking,” Wagner said, “It was possible because tuition was lower. I think maybe a class in 1980 was 100 bucks. If you had a good enough connection, you could get a job in the summer and easily make enough money to go to school without having to work. It is probably impossible to find a summer job where you net $5,000 a month. You either have to work while you go to school, borrow money or maybe your parents can help.”
When I went into Chanel in Las Vegas, I similarly went straight to the flap bags. I wanted to assess sizes and evaluate the two types of leather (I already knew the names of the sizes AND the leather types before I walked in). Over the course of the visit, I tried on the different sizes AND learned that there were three types of leather, not two, to take into consideration (I hadn't thought about patent leather). To my disappointment, I realized I didn't really like how any of the sizes looked on me, despite loving the look of the bag. Jumbo was best, so I've kept that information in mind. When pressed by the sales assistant for contact information and cc number (to be allowed future out-of-town purchases), I mentioned that family brought me in regularly (true enough) and I would call her.
The other day I dropped Lexi off at the vet for her shots. Chelsea was going to pick her up around lunch time. So I called Chelsea around noon and asked, "Have you gone to get Lexi yet?"
Chocolate chips
fruit from the bough and grain from the stalk.
1. You will need to Thank the person that nominated you first (me) and link the blog to that person before you start. Melissa, thanks! You are worth EVERY CENT I pay you for awarding me! No kidding!
This cute image of two sweet and loving furry bears, balancing a large heart between them, can be used for many occasions. As Spring is known as nature's mating season, this image also symbolizes springtime. It's named Nose-Kiss and is available as a rubberstamp by Penny Black.
I'm expecting to watch the typewriter sink beneath the murky water. Expecting to salute all captain like, as this wordy vessel sinks to the bottom of it's new West London resting place.
how much heat is radiated from Io
This is the first time Ive joined in this challenge.. And I sure it wont be my last..
There's a worrisome uptick in the incidence of certain head and neck cancers among middle-aged and even younger Americans, and some experts link the trend to a rise in the popularity of oral sex over the past few decades.
And you are saying just what you're thinking of
This research is some of our first clear insight into the emotional effects of REM sleep, which is a deep state of slumber in which we spend about a fifth of our time asleep. Indeed, any additional insight into why we sleep is good news – as much as we can identify all the bad things that happen to you if you don’t sleep enough, it’s surprisingly difficult to come up with a clear reason what purposes sleep serves.
As a woman, I couldn’t image the pain Ingrid experienced in the hands of the police. Why did the police target her breast? This is pure sexual violence perpetrated by the state which is supposed to protect its citizens. If the police can behave like this in broad day light and before the cameras, what happens in isolated places? Isn’t worse that this?
There are only so many bed baths a day that a good looking guy can take...
Some might argue that there are better villains but, my five year old self and my thirty eight year old self for that matter have only one thing to say to those doubters.
Dr. Baban Phaley writes that the jailer Barrie, told Savarkar that he would languish in jail till 1960, and Savarkar told him that the British would be long gone from India by then!
Instead I smiled my best winning smile and waved them out of the door before hurrying over to bash my head repeatedly against the daily changing blackboard menu..
I also want to mention how the character she plays is one letter away from being this lady...
The Waves are competing in the 10-under, 12-under and 14-under age divisions. They are joined by another local team, the Buckeye Blasters, which is competing in the 18-under division.
Now, as it happens, that makes much more sense to me. In fact, it makes more sense – full stop. Why? Think about it: if Daniel and co are that much better off for a) having abstained from the royal cordon bleu; b) only eating a vegetarian diet and water – WHY would they then embrace another way of doing things when the ‘test results’ gave conclusive ‘proof’ of the superiority of the ‘test diet?’
The self-described "Grab and Go style Café" offers a hot foods counter with daily specials and burgers, sandwiches, quesadillas and burritos as well as a small selection of soups. A cold case offers salads and sandwiches. Coffee bar serves Starbucks and pastries.
-Green Bean Casserole, a la T ( no decent mushroom soup here, so I'm planning the following instead. I will do a light roux, add in mushrooms, finely diced onions, a bit of soy sauce and nooch and plenty of salt and pepper. I will toss the frozen green beans in this and top with bastardized french fried onions- Danish onions that they use for topping hot dogs. Will it work?!I will let you know!)
They will speak about a number of burning issues, including economy, unemployment, the public debt, immigration, education and foreign policy.
30ml fresh milk
This is how you start. Get some string from a hardware store.Here is your empty egg and string.
In this months Glymm box there is a card giving you info on your products, and a coupon card for a free lip shine with any purchase through the Glymm store (25.00 value).
Although the term "conservatism" first acquired a political use in the 19th century, that does not of course mean that thinking now generally called conservative arose for the first time in that era. Political labels come and go and ideas that are at one time associated with one political party can at a later time come to be associated with another party. It is my basic thesis in this article, however, that there has long been an important polarity in politics that has survived the comings and goings of political parties and I aim to trace that polarity through history at some length. As a matter of historical interest, however, I set out below a potted history of the term "conservatism", which I owe to Martin Hutchinson, author of Great Conservatives:
debut novelists Erin Morgenstern and a glimpse at medieval life through the eyes of Peter Ackroyd as he embarks on a fascinating series of biographies looking at The History of England.
"13. In my view this is a case in which the claimants have given every impression of playing games in this action. I do not need to make a finding as to whether are not they actually were playing games but they have certainly given that very strong impression. The claimants have also given the very strong impression that they do not know what their case is and they have been reluctant to be pinned down, and have demonstrated a tendency from time to time to change their case.14. There is nothing inherently wrong with changing a case; it happens all the time in these courts. When it happens in the manner in which it happened in this case and with decreasing rather than increasing clarity as to what the case is, then that is a practice which must be stopped. It has been said more than once, particularly in the context of patent litigation, that it must be conducted efficiently, properly and with a proper regard to costs. All litigation must be conducted with a proper regard to the need to disclose what a case is so that the other party can understand it and meet it.15. In this respect the claimant has, in my view, fallen lamentably short of the standards required of patent litigants in this court. I am quite satisfied that the claimant has brought this application on itself and has brought itself close to having its claim struck out and, therefore, as a matter of principle the claimant ought to pay the costs of this application.16. I also have no doubt that the claimants should pay the costs of this application on an indemnity basis. The wilful, as it seems to me, refusal to disclose its case until asked point blank by a judge of this Division what the case was and their reliance on totally misconceived technicalities arising out of the patent, and a reliance on an assertion that the defendant really ought to ask the right questions, are, in my view, rather remarkable in the context of the litigation that I have seen. It is simply not the way in which litigation ought to be conducted and is plainly, in my view, within the category of conduct which falls to be penalized by an award of indemnity costs. I therefore order that the claimant pay the costs of this application on an indemnity basis".Claimants always face the challenge of having to provide sufficient information to comply with the Civil Procedure Rules while striving as far as possible to “keep one’s powder dry” as to certain aspects of a claim. A claimant is not required to disclose full details of its entire case before trial, but it is clear in this case that the judge believed the claimant had overstepped the mark, penalising it by ordering indemnity costs. The moral of the story, says Kempner, is that a claimant, facing a request for clarification and/or further information from the defendant, must ensure it has provided proper details of its claim before it can safely decline to provide the requested clarification and/or further information.
An apology can be done by tweet…and would be the right thing to do. Life is too short to piss off a lot of people needlessly. Go and piss off the people who really deserve it, Mr Aldridge. I’ll happily support you on that expedition.
The mood in town is tense and very angry. After my first trip to the hospital I go to the market square. Kenrick Radix, a member of the People's Revolutionary Government (PRG), is in the square, drumming up support for Maurice. A demo begins with placards saying, 'We want Maurice'.
