Sonja and Andrew stop by Saturday afternoon. Their wedding is one week from today. They are smiling, laughing as we look though photo albums I’ve dragged up from the basement. I have known Sonja since she was ten years old and her father married Hannah, our next door neighbor. Sonja would play with Allison, my husband’s daughter from his first marriage. We watched Sonja grow up from the house next door. Pictures of Sonja as a ten year old, pictures of Sonja in high school on hiking trips to the Cascades and Mount Rainier. Pictures of a grown Sonja standing in the snow, her hood pulled up over her wavy blonde hair. Sonja is making Hannah’s special rosemary short bread. I am honored to supply the fresh rosemary and cut plenty of lengths for her. The ether of the rosemary spills into the air with each clip. Rosemary for remembrance, I tell her. Hannah passed away three years ago, Easter. My fondest memory of her is how she came alive in the heat like some tropical blossom. When the thermometer blew past ninety I would find her singing and happy in the sunshine, while I searched for excuses to look for items in the refrigerator. I yell out the window to her, How are you holding up in the heat, Hannah? She would throw her head back and laugh. I was raised in Bakersfield! She would say. I love the heat. Love it! I shake my head thinking about it. I laugh like Hannah and recount the story to Sonja. My husband Steve is talking to Andrew, telling him about the baby chicks. Would I like to see them. Sure! Says Andrew. They walk towards my room. I grab Sonja’s arm.
“Sand,” the cyclist replied.
'We've been worrying about you?' Sophie said on the phone last week, 'stuck in your funny little shed, scribbling away.'
If you want an exceptionally strong reading experience - read it.
And once more. Winter...
Whisk together eggs, cream, vanilla, cinnamon, salt and honey in a large shallow bowl.
Mt. Victoria (11,785') in Frisco. Didn't start until 7pm, so most of the climb was in very dim to no light and the run/walk descent was entirely by the light of my headlamp. Bailed on the Peak 1 ascent goal because I wasn't sure of the route above Mt. V, and it was completely dark.
It felt good to remove the bulk of the Stuff Squirt Cannot Eat. We still have a few gluten-filled crackers, cereals and pastas, mostly for the Tongginator and the Husband. Since I'm with Squirt almost 24/7, I'm pretty much going completely gluten-free, except, of course, for my beloved coffee (new studies now suggest that coffee! contains! gluten!) and the odd piece of bread I sneak while Squirt's napping. The Tongginator and the Husband are mostly gluten-free, but I often pack gluten products in their lunches since they don't typically eat that meal in front of Squirt.
So far I think linkedin could work well. I have already found former students working for Congress and in Yemen who I hadn't been in touch with since graduation. So if you are a former student or not here is my linkedin page
Debra Ann DiMartino, 36, New York, N.Y.
Could be yours, should be yours, would be yours
“But it’ll be difficult to execute the warrant of arrest if he is on Malaysian soil as it’s not within French jurisdiction,” she said.
Wow! It has been quite a while since I have written anything at all. It appears that I've nearly abandoned this blog. Not so. I think about things to write all of the time. It always seems to come out fine when I'm writing it in my head on my commute home, but when I actually sit down to tap it out on my keyboard, I come up blank.
Then we had lunch at Vakvarju Etterem, which consisted of soup, chicken, mash potatoes with goose liver, and a cappuccino. It was delicious, especially the mash potatoes with goose liver.
The others all hold either 4 or 8GB of data so they’re ok. BUT WHY DON’T I JUST HAVE A CLEAR OUT? I could format these drives and then recycle them, or give them away. Or maybe sell the novelty one on Ebay.
D: "How's your shoulder?"
Foreign corporations also currently control 39 per cent of UK patents. This is far more than the percentage of foreign-owned patents in the U.S. (11.8), Japan (3.7) or even the European Union as a whole (13.7).
Day 3 and Day 4
There are 17 species of penguins in the world. Most of them are some version of black and white, none of them can fly, and all of them are excellent swimmers.
The fact is that if health and safety for employees suffers, then so too do the profits of healthy businesses. Health and safety is neglected at the peril of all.
‘So where are you going on from here?’ I was genuinely worried he’d sink further into depression.
6) The Lord of The Rings Extended Edition, The Soundtracks and all of the books
At any rate, in what is mostly a locker-room pep talk for the Brave New Free Agent World (with lots of exclamation points!) Peters has some good things to say about technology and how it behooves the current generation of business leaders to "grovel before the young" -- a reference to the fluency of those who grew up/are growing up on the native side of the digital divide. Plus he talked about freaks, and making sure you have them (us?) on board -- as friends, partners, customers -- when you launch your awesome whatever.
Some fun stats:
I sat with her in the smell of the roses
He opened the book and began to recite from it, ‘The early bird doesn’t know what the right hand is doing. Every cloud is forever. A fool and his money gathers no moss. Keep your nose between the lines. Cut off your nose until the fat lady sings…’
shaking his plumes clear of dark soil.
Full disclosure: I didn't keep track of whether I saved $108 a day. Sometimes I'd save $20 and other times, like the day I sold my car, I made much more than $108. But I always had that number swishing around in the back of my mind, helping me make decisions on what to buy, what to not buy, and how I could make money for my freedom dream.
WELL, that should do our chances of hosting the 2018 World Cup a power of good.
Abella observes, “For a place where thinking the unthinkable was supposed to be the common coin, strangely enough there was virtually no internal RAND debate on the nature of the Soviet Union or on the validity of existing American policies to contain it. RANDites took their cues from the military’s top echelons.” A typical RAND product of those years was Nathan Leites’s The Operational Code of the Politburo (1951), a fairly mechanistic study of Soviet military strategy and doctrine and the organization and operation of the Soviet economy.
I may be an unpaid intern. But I’m still a girl.
Someone asked me this morning if I still write...their (somewhat negative?) wording was "so much for writing." because I posted about my other business and how happy I am with it on my face book. Yes I write still. But if I didn't so what? It's not like I'm my writing. I'm me. How I choose to direct my me-ness is entirely up to ME. So it was a funny sort of question but now on to the blog post.
It is just expectations
(3 times you heard laughter today)
Charles Colson died last week, aged 80. He lived an extraordinary life, one that Hollywood could not have dreamt of. Here is a brief of his life if you haven’t heard of him.
I have only shared the murals that I have actually seen and photographed. If you want to see more of her work you can check her out on Facebook. She is always busy painting something publicly or privately.
Anyways, it is a chilly Sunday here in Edmonton, so
With the latest release from Nationwide, UK house prices have now risen 0.3% since 30th November, 2009, the date chosen by NAMA pursuant to the section 73 of the NAMA Act by reference to which Current Market Values of assets are valued. The NWL Index is now at 826 (21.1%) – because only an estimated 20% of NAMA property in the UK is residential and only 29% of NAMA’s property overall is in the UK, small changes in UK residential have a negligible impact on the index – meaning that average prices of NAMA property must increase by a weighted average of 21.1% for NAMA to breakeven on a gross basis.
Closing and ending our efforts of the previous cycle is the focus here, as well as moving toward setting our intentions during the coming New Moon, one week from now. When we close and complete, we open ourselves to what will be forthcoming on the next moon cycle, beginning in the deep void of the New and culminating with the Full.
I hope you've all had a fab weekend with some time to do something nice. We had our son Jamie and granddaughter Alexa for lunch yesterday which was definitely a happy few hours for us. Also over the weekend I got to download some photos we took last Sunday when all our family had a day out at the zoo so I thought I'd share a couple with you.
good news. didn't spend a penny today. bad news? i'm having a mini-meltdown at the thought of leaving my family and moving to washington, dc. but, i'm making LOTS of connections and hoping i can figure out a new adventure in NYC.
Harper has just turned six and probably has the coolest bedroom in town.
I did learn from that experience, I learnt that you have to be ruthless. If you cannot understand the poem you are working on, what chance does the reader have? Now I revise, and revise. I think I have said before that what I am looking for when I write is for the poem to be able to stand alone, by itself. This is about as near to a description of how I work as I can give. I know when I reach that point – most of the time.
Two softcover novels are worth a read for those ages 12 and up. Star Crossed: Taurus Eyes by Bonnie Hearn Hill ($9.95, Running Press Teens) and involves astrology, often an interest of teens. Logan is spending the summer at the camp of her dreams and is determined to secure a coveted writing spot in the camp’s anthology. It’s a summer of challenge and a bit of romance and Logan wonders if the stars can guide her through them. The Girl Next Door by Selene Castrovilla ($16.95, WestSide Books) offers a serious theme when 17-teen-year-old Sam, instead of worrying about final exams and the prom is trying to save her best friend’s life. He has a form of cancer that does not respond to treatment, but Sam is there by his side as friendship ripens into love as time threatens to run out. I will not give away the ending, but will recommend this interesting novel.
People throw these words around to show they are better than you, or to show they are smart for knowing the 'secret' language of the business. Who gives a shit? If I am talking with someone and they are using the lingo way too much, I know they are full of shit!
Place 2 tablespoons of butter in a frying pan and, when melted, put in the celery. Saute slowly until tender. Season with salt and pepper. This is a pleasant addition to one's dinner."
Although organisers of public gatherings must bear some responsibility when things get out of hand due to their action or inaction, this does not and cannot excuse the response of the police.
Now don’t get me wrong, I’m not saying old=good new=bad, some contemporary films are superb and equally some old films are crap. It’s the experience I’m castigating – or at least the experiences I encountered on my most recent visits to the ‘pictures’.
Then there is Al. He walks up to my desk ranting and raving about whatever the latest thing to rant and rave about is, and somehow manages to throw "duplicitous" into his descriptive. This made me feel somewhat offended, and at the same time, in awe of the somewhat adventurous use of such a descriptive adjective (tautological I know, but I like to get my point across doubly so).
We never know when our time will come. If we get the chance one day to look back, we’ll want to know that we didn’t just accede to culture and its claim on our time, our money and our priorities.
World Champion Sheamus vs. Daniel Bryan
When my children were wee, I focused on kitchen safety. I taught them how to properly mix, measure, cut and handle the stove and oven. I taught them how to follow a recipe (and subsequently ignore it completely!) And then I left the kitchen. Turns out, what was stressing me was watching the process and fighting the urge to take over.
Fun in the sun
Thats it from me, busy week ahead, Jessica is off to Budapest in the morning. Gotta be up at 3am - eek.
The huge, white concrete slabs are incongruous against the wasteland and scrub. It's almost as though I'm reliving my childhood games in the garden and I've shrunk down to the size of my lego set. And, as I struggle to find the entrance, I wonder if, just like some of my lego creations, they've forgotten to put in a door.
After being married for 40 years, I took a careful look at my wife one day and said:
He could still see her as if she were standing right in front of him, every detail, every exquisite detail. She had been so beautiful, so elegant. Eyes of crystal blue, auburn hair that never seemed to fall out of place, and a gentle but forceful demeanor that always caught people off guard. Algernon Blackwood had introduced them in September of 1946, and Chico had left the priesthood the following week. How could he have dedicated his life to God when every thought he had from the moment he met her was of her? He had fallen in love and even now, after all this time, her essence pleasantly touched his waking thoughts and sleepless nights.
i think i could move there just for the garage sales!
What if we could somehow reclaim it and turn it into a new home for journalism in Melbourne. Perhaps it could be a hub for new start-ups. Maybe Crikey could move into one floor and the various Melbourne journalism schools each have space there for student publications and broadcasts.
"What the fuck are you saying mate? Are you talking about my penis?"
Right from the beginning of this book I had some confusion…
and crowned with me with thorns
My daughter feels pretty good about her piano exam on Friday, which is a huge tribute to her nerves as they were 50 minutes behind schedule!! We sat and sat and sat some more and her exam was scheduled for 10:15. Hate to think what later exam times would have to wait! We treated ourselves to some shopping at Old Navy and had a great afternoon together :) Now we just have to await her score and she jumps right into Grade 4 as she will be taking that exam in June (she is doing two grades in one year this year).
Harrison -v- Harrison provides a lengthy and comprehensive dissertation on the principles of Promissory Estoppel and their development over the years since the landmark case of Dillwyn -v- Dillwyn in 1862.
So I decided to fancy it up around her a bit. Found this great website scrapblog, it's free to create and share. It is also a lot of fun. It does have an option where you can purchase your creations, I have not gone that far yet.
JURIED AWARDS: Several juried prizes will be awarded, including “Best in Show”. The jury will consist of outside art professionals.
Ack, sorry, trigger finger on the "publish" button.
To some people these exercises might seem pretty simple and they are when done individually and only doing a certain number a day, but when I'm doing them, I'm really pushing it. I'm not only doing maybe 15-20 moutain climbers in 50 secs, I'm trying to get in one climber every second, so it's fast paced and challenging. So the simplest of exercises are excruciating by the 3rd and 4th sets and trying to maintain the same intensity for the entire time is challenging. Hopefully, one day after all this personal ass kicking I'm doing to myself, these exercises will seem a little easier, but when that happens, I'll add another round!! I'm not looking to have six pack abs or all those other things girls are worried about getting from working out, I'm looking to be lean and strong. I caught a little bit of Dancing With The Stars last night and the judges made a comment that caught my attention. A girl had just finished dancing, she was really tall and super skinny....the kind that, unfortunately, young girls are modeling themselves after, she was thin...too thin. But the judges looked at her and said that she need to work on her core strength because it was weak. I, admittedly, laughed to myself because I thought, there she is with a body that women at home are wishing they had, but she has no strength. She probably couldn't do much of any kind of lifting for herself, etc. I don't want that, I want to have strength in my body, to know that I can do things for myself and to know that I can take care of my kids and some household chores that other women can't. I'm not looking to be Hercules, just looking for personal strength, in more ways than one!
I am show you how to do this thou the Virgin Media Super Hub and it will help protect the kids and also friends and family who use the network. Firstly all you need to do is go onto the virgin media hub page and you can access this by entering 192.168.0.1 into the browser and then log in and then when you have the settings in front of you click on Advanced settings and then click on Block Sites.
14.Don't Fight Yourself 04:07
I've read missed-connections before and wondered why people just didn't say something then and there. Now I understand... perhaps it's because the moment is extraordinary; containing a fullness of its own... and the thought that this person across from me is not a part of my everyday life, and at any second will disappear, didn't even occur to me... it seemed that we were in whatever it was together, and that sort of connection rarely, if ever, happens between strangers, so my mind was a little slow on registering that there would be no "some other time" if neither of us asked for the others phone or email.
In America some 99.9% of racial rapes are committed by blacks on whites, yet all it requires to gain mainstream coverage of a racial rape is for a black stripper to falsely accuse three white Duke University lacrosse players of gang rape. The MSM went wild and found the Duke boys guilty long before the case ever went to court.
”Let me cover you with velvet kisses
Artist management – The differences to watch for between artist management and artist development – LW Music Consulting YouTube Video –
... And Lucy, well she's still most definitely Lucy! Always in some kind of trouble, and always needin to be "splainen".
As we head into our new lives together, I couldn’t be more happier. Someone at work said to me the other day that I looked so happy. I think part of it is because we are finally done all the heckticness of painting, but also because this is the beginning of the rest of our lives (together I hope!).
This will be my last project with the Sweet Stamp Shop as I am stepping down from the design team. Thank you so much to the owners for being such a joy to work with! It's meant so much to me for being a part of your design team!
any time soon, but it's already proving to be quite a project. The new
My balance sheet comes out strongly in favour of the new Decca, even before taking into account the excellent recording quality and high quality of booklet presentation. This is a life-enhancing comic opera, comparable in many ways to Britten’s A Midsummer Night’s Dream, and it’s wonderful to hear it done full justice.
There's a cow rumor now
In the evening I showed some slides of our own play shop to their Curator’s Club (made up of residents of the estate who have been involved in these projects long-term) and we talked about play, childhood, freedom and art. It was just beautiful, especially to see the incredible warmth and passion in everyone I met, and how dedicated they were to thinking differently about relationships between the gallery and the estate, between the residents and the spaces available, between the individual and the landscapes we all share.
I'll share with you how to make a vinyl easy wipe-off bib.
‘Til we met again
Many of you have probably seen the tiered servers. I put one together with clear glass candlesticks and four different lavender transferware plates. I topped it off with a plump little birdie. I've just added some of the single layer plate stands to my shop.
Without certain breakups, some of us wouldn’t be doing the things we’re doing today. I wouldn’t be writing, working out as much as I do, improving myself as a man. “They said the best way to get over a broken heart was to fall in love again, so I fell in love with myself, the best relationship in my life.” If you’ve been broken hearted, don’t doubt that love will come looking for you again. Just don’t expect it because it doesn’t work that way. Not every experience you have with another man or woman means it will end up in love. Instead keep learning, keep improving yourself in order to be ready when it finds you again.
Here is this week's Card sketch challenge you may make up to 3 cards and use ANY colors that you would like.
Roy: Well, all I’m trying to find out is what’s the guy’s name in goals?
Scott body boarding
In the meantime, I dug out my first novel, 'Bad Romance', and had a look over it today, and it felt pretty good. Weird, and I can't judge how other people will respond to it, but I'll see if I can't find some peeps to have a look at it for me and see about putting it out there, maybe using Smashwords' choose-your-own-price feature. It's contemporary, sort-of-literary romance with some philosophical meandering about the nature of art, if you're interested.
Smoke, and such a size!
The trust said it accepted that his religious references, used as a committed Christian, had not caused offence.
I wonder why such public gusto, such concern has not been channelled towards pressuring an internal mechanism for fostering reconciliation, to push through necessary policy documents that still stutter between ministries and attitudes towards inclusion, integration and the sustainable peace we as a nation owe to those civilians who fought and survived three decades of war.Not just those of us who were touched by a history of bleak news reports and the lurking fear of a bomb blast in the city, but those who have lost far too much for words or tears.
Thanks for joining us for another challenge!!
1 obtains
I'm doing this as a thankyou to all of you who come by to take a looksie at me lil ole blog :) I know i have been a 'bad' blog hopper of late (hopefully that will change VERY soon)
This manager knows me because she often comes through my drive through to buy food after her restaurant closes. When I went to her restaurant yesterday for some pre work dinner she asked me if I was getting enough hours, adding that her restaurant was currently hiring. She went on to say that she hires her favourite people away from other fast food restaurants. I thanked her and told her I was getting all the hours I could handle.
Yeah, I know, I kinda suck at it too. But remember, we are practicing progress, not perfection.
Sean McCabe (Trombone, Mandolin)
» 10/15 – Hartford, CT @ XL Center
“Over the past few years, you’ve probably read about how the age of puberty for girls is getting gradually younger. Surprise! Boys are affected, too.”
I had so much fun planning for my best friend’s bachelorette party! I was able to make some wine glasses, shot glasses and some hangover kits for a fraction of the price that I would have paid if I had ordered them.
"I have spent the last several weeks speaking at conferences. I constantly meet moms who are trying to homeschool the best way and be sure that their children get it “all”. How blessed your children are to have you as their moms. However, I want to encourage each of you to relax. Homes have been the place where genius has been birthed, leaders have been made for thousands of years. It was because of the faithful mothers who have trained their children in character, given them chores to do, had discussions over the dinner meal, and read the Bible to their children. I feel so strongly that parents are so intent on getting the “best” experience in education, while not understanding that the most important aspect in a child's education is the mentoring and directing of the parents over the personality, influences, peer relationships, and character development.
Brown leather belt had gotten a lot of wear this week! - Goodwill, recent $2.00
The trip back was not as long as I thought it was going to be. Andy and I took turns driving and sleeping just so we could make it home. T did pretty well...but was much more awake this time around. He wasn't really a fan of being in the car seat. I don't blame him :)
Just wanted to send in my layout for the Valentine's Day poster challenge. Fun poster with so many options! I chose lots of photos from last year's Valentine's Day at my home. I really enjoy celebrating the holiday! :) My layout is titled, 'Valentine's Day 2011'.
But then there it was, late in the game...OH MY GOD, there was the Turnover That Changes Everything. I have come to expect this. The Steelers take the lead for the first time. My heart sinks as I realize that history always seems to repeat itself with the Ravens when they face their Nemesis.
We are not faced with anything so challenging. But obviously some of us are daunted or perhaps just unwilling.
Parisian terrace lounging is as ingrained into the society as their love for wine and feeling superior. It's been a cultural must for literally hundreds of years (Merci, Café de Flore!)
That's arguably true, but one arena in the region--the Nassau Coliseum, the Meadowlands arena--will understandably lose out. And there's no reason for federal subsidies to move a team across state lines.
1. melt butter on medium high heat. DO NOT CAUSE THE BUTTER TO BROWN
Here are a few samples….
While three-quarters of the exhibit comes from the museum's own collection, it also draws upon the massive Fuller archive -- including 4,000 hours of film -- acquired by Stanford University Libraries in 1999. The Stanford material includes drawings, plans and items such as a 1966 Popular Science magazine cover touting a "low cost sun dome you can build easily," right in your own backyard.
Really! They are just as irrelevant now (on a legislative level) as they were before, and they probably weren’t going to do that much better in the next election. But at least they got their act together and learned they can unify. That’s a very good thing. Hopefully it will last.
The boys and I did the snowshoeing thing for a little over an hour. Then we got back in the car and headed down to the "central" area of Snoqualmie where the tubing area is located. We ate lunch at the little grill / snack bar at the tubing area. Lemme tell ya... It's pretty bad when your 10 year old son claims the prices are "highway robbery." Considering he never actually pays for any of our meals, I was surprised he even noticed. As for me, it gave me flashbacks to Disney - both in price and quality of food and service.
For those of you who are in as much ignorance as I am over this subject the author has helpfully provided a good summary at the end. There is also a decent bibliography, with the main works of the poets, writers and novelists listed, together with their place and date of publication.
I was with the small main team leading the operation and we had almost everything set up for the operation such as real-time intelligence data from the outside & some of inside of the Montague Mansion using our military/intelligence agency level technology/equipment so we had video & audio in real-time, the police probably were bribed or something to stay out-of-the-way, maybe the neighborhood was cleared out by sending them on a free vacation or something, we had floor plans of the mansion, we could block communication inside & outside of the mansion if we wanted to, we could turn off the electricity for the mansion if we wanted to, we got some recent intelligence from someone who worked in the mansion, we bribed some guards at the mansion to not go to work, et cetera.
I know I always say that each project was lots of fun, but I really mean it this week. I have two more banners in the making plus another one I'm starting today to make for my Mama! She has a dark mantel that she's always looking for something to hang around it to brighten it up. And having her grandkids helping is sure to be an extra special treat!
(415) 556-4862
Think carefully about what’s on your phone before bringing it to a protest. Your phone contains a wealth of private data, which can include your list of contacts, the people you have recently called, your text messages, photos and video, GPS location data, your web browsing history and passwords, and the contents of your social media accounts. We believe that the police are required to get a warrant to obtain this information, but the government sometimes asserts a right to search a phone incident to arrest — without a warrant. (And in some states, including California, courts have said this is OK.) To protect your rights, you may want to harden your existing phone against searches. You should also consider bringing a throwaway or alternate phone to the protest that does not contain sensitive data and which you would not mind losing or parting with for a while. If you have a lot of sensitive or personal information on your phone, the latter might be a better option.
I'm sure I'll see plenty of this on holiday in Cornwall next month so I pass this time and proceed back through the town towards the South beach and tucked down Lower Frog Street I go into the 'Crown Inn'.
and complete it's patterns instructions,
I raise a hand to my chest to steady my breathing; with effort I manage long controlled breaths.
Inside, where else, there are different sized casks, it takes some close inspection for E@L to absorb this fact, new oak, old oak. Some are Voignier. White wine. Those are short chain polymers (E@L is pushing his memory beyond its usual boundaries here for this technical stuff). A little is added for brightness (and more polymers). Or was that back in the cellar door. E@L has to go for a piss. Through the office, bit of a mess, but hey, it's a man's world as the seat is up.
b) Security forces, election workers and Election Commissioners on duty on polling day; and
AT 0030Z…REGIONAL RADAR IMAGERY/LIGHTNING DATA SHOWED A BROKEN BAND OF TSTMS EXTENDING FROM FAR NWRN PA/NERN OH SWWD INTO SWRN OH AND SRN IND/NRN KY. AN OUTFLOW BOUNDARY HAS CONTINUED TO MOVE AHEAD OF THE ACTIVITY FROM CENTRAL OH /25 ENE CMH/ TO FAR N CENTRAL KY. MEANWHILE…FARTHER NEWD INTO NERN OH/NWRN PA…THIS ACTIVITY MAY REMAIN SURFACE BASED AS RELATIVELY STRONGER EFFECTIVE BULK SHEAR OF 30-35 KT SUPPORTS SOME ORGANIZATION. TRENDS IN OBJECTIVE ANALYSES INDICATED DIMINISHING CONVECTIVE INSTABILITY WHICH SUGGESTS THE OVERALL SEVERE WEATHER THREAT WILL CONTINUE TO DECREASE OVER ERN OH TO WRN PA THIS EVENING. THUS…15 PERCENT SEVERE PROBABILITIES AND A CATEGORICAL RISK ARE NO LONGER WARRANTED IN THIS REGION.
$50 or more – Personalised ‘Thank you Letter’ from the crew at Zenithfilms; your name in the producers credits and a signed Poster
Canvas and Watercolor Accordion Book
Actually I think I am a boring person most of the time.
Dede provided a background to the research status of agroforestry in Indonesia, dividing the research topics into four: silviculture, environment, social and economic. A literature search had revealed that the first, silviculture, had more than 120 publications associated with it; environment had 109; economic 112; and social 98.
29I have become a brother to the jackals, and go about in the company of ostriches.
CONSTELLATION : latin name
To say that the movie was awesome is to say that Kim Kardashian has an average backside. It’s just understatement.
U -Unusual. The weather has been very unusual this year.
Pike Brewing Co Seattle Pike IPA IPA
She was married June 27, 1917 to Dr. Ley, who survives with a 15 months old son, Robert. She also leaves her parents, Mr. and Mrs. John Fisher; three brothers, Clyde, New Philadelphia; Oscar of Dennison; Byron of Midvale; and one sister, Mrs. Olin Abbuhl of Uhrichsville.
8. Larghetto sostenuto 1:56
The smallest, most familiar words,
Even at the age of seven, he still climbs into bed with me on the weekends so we can read stories and have snuggles. He tells me he loves me, and he still lets me give him hugs and kisses.
So, another memorable visit to Angers. The next Burgess milestone will be 2012, and the 50th anniversary of the publication of A Clockwork Orange.
Continuing my week of inspired blogging, let me present you with a post inspired by “So You Live In A Post-Apocalyptic World, Now What...” by Kloipy. I am always looking at the brighter side of the end of the world, so naturally I loved this post. My sense of humor may be a type of shell-shock common to all former ER doctors who become moms. When the diapers hit the fan, we start cracking dirty jokes and craving fast food. It’s a coping mechanism.
As the night fell on the camp, we munched on our dinner: Turkey sandwiches and sticks of jerky. Ruel and Veronica started the fire and we roasted the kettle popcorn, sitting out on the wooden planks and listening to a wide variety of animals that lit up the night with calls, shrieks, and whistles. Sitting along the remarkably still water we heard voices in the distance approaching our camp, and before feeling like some ranger was on their way to put out our fire, a couple in their dual kayak, fresh from having accidently fallen in the water, pulled out of the darkness and stumbled upon our site. The more, the merrier, so we helped them set up their tent and sat up into the late hours sharing stories and trail mix on the dock before crawling back into our campsite and drifting off to sleep as the rain once again began to pour.
After reading some inspirational stuff on the weekend about how a writer's blog is a window to themselves and a key means of "connecting" with community and readers, I've resolved to be more regular in updating this blog. So from now on I'll be good (promise!) and also cross-post from my blog on The Big Idea, Talkwrite, which comments on the arts scene in NZ from the point of view of an emerging artist (me). The Big Idea is an online hub for NZ's arts community, and very well trafficked. I'll continue to keep this blog as a storage place for my more personal thoughts, experiences, the odd family photo, and of course the Tuesday Poem.
And then I have to turn off my brain. Because I. am. doing. the. best. I. can. I may be enduring instead of enjoying this pregnancy, but if not enjoying this pregnancy is my biggest regret about this time in my life, then I will consider myself infinitely lucky. I'll make up for it by enjoying the Deuce once he or she is in my arms. The Deuce will not know or care that there isn't a nursery set up on the day we get home from the hospital. I have to remember that getting through this moment is enough, and if someday three months or three years from now, I look back and wish that small things had been different, who freaking cares? What I would change most in my life can never be changed, and any other regrets hardly seem worth the energy.
Hockey represents this country's essence in some ways -- figures on the ice and playing against the elements is representative of the essence of Canada, that sense of survival against the elements.
Imagine what it would be like
(Participants emailed approximately every 5 days)
See you in the stacks!
Brainless leaders for democracy lead to poor results in democracy, now file those lawsuits and send those recommendations for removal of academic qualifications and travel privileges of the racists and parasite crony, nepotistic, term limitless plutocrat politicians already!
Second would be to whip it up like how you do a normal whipped cream frosting. Bring the ganache to room temperature and whip on high for 2 minutes or so. This could work for cupcakes.
I want to dig a hole by the side of the road and bury him but Jimbo, although not insensitive to the welfare of animals – as he has displayed in his love for Gary the Goat – points out that we pass a road-kill kangaroo probably every couple of kilometers and we would need to do a lot of digging to respect them all.
6. Mortgage Stomp
Ducatti Challenge
Cook pasta according to package directions. Meanwhile, heat a large nonstick skillet sprayed with cooking spray on medium-high heat. Add chicken; cook and stir 2 minutes. Stir in salsa, corn and peppers. Bring to boil. Simmer on medium-low heat 10minutes or until chicken is cooked through, stirring occasionally.
Jerry and his identical gay twin brother, Jay, grew up singing in Helena, Montana, before making their way to New York City, where they were eventually discovered by Decca Records and became the group, Twinn Connexion. They released their self-titled debut album in 1968 filled with "sunshine pop" - catchy songs that just make you smile ("Oh What A Lovely Day" and "Turn Down Day" are great remedies for a bad mood). Unfortunately, their recording career soon came to an end, and a second album of Twinn Connexion tunes - Songs From The Heart - was not released until 2009. And then last April, Now Sounds Records reissued their first album on CD for new fans (like myself) to discover them all over again.
The summer before my senior year of college, I studied abroad in Oxford. The town itself is the epitome of a college town and is populated mostly by surprisingly self-righteous college students and professors and academics that refuse to walk quicker than a slow saunter. It was endearing at first, but after week one, my East Coast roots got the better of me and I started weaving and speed walking through the streets like I was trying to lose the CIA.
Then today, when I realized that I had been staring at the computer screen alllll day and getting worked up and depressed about the etsy fiasco, I decided that it would be an excellent idea to do something creative to distract myself. So I made the ugly fabric into a skirt! I have no idea what I am going to do with it, because I am not sure I’ll actually wear it, but it was fun to sit down at the sewing machine and make something.
Q. Quote from a movie: Not a real movie buff!
in the footsteps of Hemingway.
When it was gone, he said, "Quick, another beer before it starts."
Jonna Barnett A friend calls it Funky Folk Art, But I also do abstract.
Easter is a time to CELEBRATE the resurrection of Jesus! This year with my children at church, I have tried to help them create reminders about the true meaning of Easter. While the eggs and candy are fun, Jesus is the real reason we celebrate! Yet who can avoid all the candy of the holiday? The result is telling the Easter story using the colors of jelly beans.
Amazing appears on the 2012 list, alongside the equally innocuous occupy and thank you in advance. Awesome featured in 2007. These phrases may be criticised for their ubiquity, but the list smacks of overkill. Though it’s tongue in cheek, it encourages the zero tolerance brigade who need little motivation to harangue and judge people for their choice of vocabulary – as though the use of jargon, clichés or fad expressions somehow indicated weak character or a moral deficit.
Am I up to the job?
- Shelves
And find it transitory, short in span.
Thank you Londen! And can you believe that her husband hand-painted those trees and birds on the wall free hand?! Go HERE to see the room’s transformation.
To his astonishment, every bit of his fingertip grew back.
And what do you think of the photos in this post? Too wild looking? Too chaotic? Would you let your kids choose Pepto Bismol pink? What are your thoughts on the highly-designed vs. real life kids' rooms?
(SC) to help the authority in their investigations. Both Soh and Lim are
Because you demanded it (actually only one person was kind of wondering about it), here's some fresh haunted house action. Finally getting around to the house itself with the addition of windows and front entrance. And yes, that's the twisted, gnarled tree from the 2009 graveyard scene. I'll distort it a little more to fit in here but it's nice to have some ready made props that I can just drop in (click on images to view full size.)
Given that history, in a region where hearts and mind seem to change slowly, the former senators wins were impressive. One feels that they would have been even more so without the presence of former Speaker of the House Gingrich splitting the far-right vote.
We have had one year to plan this wedding and I must say it has flown by! I can't wait to show you her bridal portraits, they are so beautiful. After the wedding we are renting cabins at a nearby lake with my family to spend some time together for the rest of the weekend. Look for those bridal photos the beginning of next week…
I'm really tired of sweeping the floor. With six children dropping food on the floor, all I do is sweep. I could use the help.
Malema said Anglo American had agreed to give 51% of its mining interests to black people in Botswana. “We can’t understand why they don’t want to do it in South Africa. They think black people are idiots and they abuse us in South Africa.”
I bought the mason jars for about a buck a piece and added colorful twisty straws. The drink dispenser is from Pottery Barn....I can't wait to fill it with margaritas this summer. Chalkboard labels are such a quick and easy project, you can read about them here.
Storybrooke is a place where magic has been forgotten—but is still powerfully close—and happily ever after seems just out of reach. In order to understand where the fairytale world’s former inhabitants came from, and what ultimately led to the Evil Queen’s wrath, you’ll need a glimpse into their previous lives. But it might just turn everything you’ve ever believed about these characters upside-down.
Another unexpected event was waking up very sick yesterday. Blah! I tend to always get a terrible cold in the last month of pregnancy..but with only 18 days left until EDD it's a major bummer. Now I am hoping he stays in until Mama is better. Even though I was sick yesterday I made the mistake of going out and we did a bunch of ministry stuff all day, and it was cold outside. Now I am worse.
*Only one of these things could happen if you go over to Natalie's blog right now.
Fill me up again.
Jalia is number 29 of 40 siblings. Her father was a zealous Muslim of four wives who died only a couple of years ago. Jalia heard about Jesus when she was 19 and the new found truth of God’s unconditional love gave her the courage to go against her father and become a Christian. Violence often ensued in her home because of this decision so she soon fled and found refuge in a pastor’s home. She met her husband, Daniel,
Their post “In eternal memory” outlines the background to these posters - Russia's social history, their struggle with alcoholism and drunkeness, cheap alcohol readily available and a drop in the average male life expectancy to 47!
Sign language? A vague wave of the hand towards the throat area, with an open mouth to say ‘no voice’?
Tricking defendants into self-incrimination isn't the exclusive behavior of cops in Podunk province. William J. Gorta of the New York Post broke the story last October of a Queens district attorney suing to keep a judge from ruling on the ethics of a program run by the DA's office.
Arrange the apple slices on top and sprinkle over the other half of the hazelnuts.
The blue and white marbled orb of the world of Picon filled her viewport. The Orion was docked on the outside rung of docking stations that orbited the world. A sharp turn right and vertical would clear them of the Orion and the docking station for a birds-eye view of their surroundings.
Joesph Campbell in The Hero With a Thousand Faces explains quest in great detail, and may well be worth your look. According to Campbell, in myth and stories the monomyth or hero's journey follows a basic pattern. Campbell describes 17 stages or steps that can be broken down into three main sections:
You let no fear
Instead, I want to point your attention toward a new trend that’s happening. Wedge sneakers. This particular pair is from Chloe, $375.
includes Dizzee Rascal, James, Maximo Park, Dan le Sac vs Scroobius Pip, We Are Scientists, The View and many more.
Remy Martin VSOP
It's just a non-issue. When we lived in Oregon, I was very aware of making lots of other options readily available, so that they were watching tv if they really wanted to, but not just out of boredom. Now we can't afford cable, but we get movies from the library ever week, occasionally get redbox movies and they can watch things online. And they do, but here we have a yard for the first time and L is at an age now where they can really play well together. So they play together, often outside, most of the day if we are home. Then we put a movie on in the evenings before bed. Movies still spark lots of good conversations and interests.
The big grey rat laughed long and loud until his gaunt grey sides were shaking. "Why, you talk just as if you thought you had a chance to win the race," he said, when he could speak.
Trash/Laundry- On Monday, Wash, dry and put away clothes. On Thursday put the bins out to the curb in the morning and bring them back in at night. Also, take all trash out as needed.
For my personal sustainability promise, I will be washing all my clothes in cold water and line drying them. This should be easy and cheap because my roommate already has a line and clothespins. Eliminating hot water will even cut water heating costs. The only thing that would make this promise tricky is the weather. Hopefully the summer weather we are all hoping for will show up soon and help dry my clothes!
We’ve already looked at the London Metal Exchange exploring the idea of selling itself. Last Friday, the LME announced that it had received various expressions of interest. Those thought to be in the chase include the Chicago Mercantile Exchange (CME) and the Intercontinental Exchange (ICE). Both exchanges have been on an acquisition track of late. The CME, now described as the world’s largest futures exchange, finally won supremacy in US precious metals futures trading (and broadened its energy markets) when it acquired the New York Mercantile Exchange (NYMEX) and its COMEX precious metals division in 2008. In fact, wherever you Google into metals, CME tends to pop up first or second.
Desire To Be With You
I am working to keep myself above these behaviors (sometimes I am more successful than others) and to maintain my high standard. As angry and resentful as I feel over some of his antics, I truly believe that he will get what he deserves in the end.
Here's my entry but it is Canadian! Loonie is our dollar, the toonie is our two dollar, and Harper is our PM.
Enjoy your Sunday! Blogger out!
I have to say I struggled a bit with the sketch but hope you like it :) You may want to play along and here's where you should head for the current sketch at Card Patterns - http://cardpatterns.blogspot.com/2011/10/sketch-139.html Over there you will get to see lots of inspiring cards from their Design Team :) Happy card making and have a wonderful day, everyone!! I need to go, I'll see you soon.
Alas, Flying Fish being all bottled up and waiting for those bottles is a situation in which we all share some blame. The monster growth in craft brewing – thanks to folks drinking the beer – has thrown some curves to the beverage container industry, with some suppliers struggling to keep pace with demand.
The bridge looks set to give you the option of recording your Serato scratch set directly within Ableton but also giving you the DAW power over your mixes.
flower with the Blosson Punch (125603). After that,
I'm sure even the author of 1984 would not have dreamed that a time would truly come, and come so fast, when that last sentence - especially in the chillingly prescient reference to being "frightened to utter" opinions - would be totally and unequivocally and legally untrue, and yet his books would still be read, and admired and venerated, by the very people responsible.
I started biking when I was training for our backpacking/hiking trip in July. When I found out I was pregnant I was happy that I'd already been working out so much, since you can continue anything you were doing beforehand. So I've been riding my bike 4 days a week to spread my wings a bit.
If He who formed me in my mother’s womb, has known me and had plans for me since before my birth, how serious should I be as I seek Him to direct my every step?
Why can’t men say what they feel? Why skirt around the issue?
Golding’s Lord of the Flies: If you think The Hunger Games is harsh, you haven’t read anything yet! Check out this classic; it’ll chill you to the bone. And, you won’t turn your back on a group of manic teenagers ever again, that’s for sure. Read this one senior year: what a send-off, I’ll tell you.
I can't pinpoint the exact picture that inspired me but I decided to start scouring our local Restore for a 5-arm-ish type chandelier that I could spray paint. After my second weekend visiting the Restore I came across this neat chandelier that actually looks like a fairly traditional 5-arm chandelier without the bottom bell (oh yes that is a technical term that I looked up) which was perfect. After sending Aaron a picture of the wires to make sure it was something he could work with, I bought it!
HIS SPIRITUAL LIFE!!!,….
“Ha Andrew. For such a tall boy he is very small.” She smiled.
In addition to receiving the award itself, the winners will be recognised for their creativity and successfully implementing enterprising policies in their region. They will therefore be in the position to inspire others by acting as role models across the European Union.
Here's my Easter menu from my past recipes. Click on the titles to go to the recipes.
3. Secrets Revealed: What is one thing you have never shared with the creative community?
it returns to the realm of nothing.
Then we got into the “I” section of Obama’s speech – a hallmark of all of his speeches. America won’t leave immediately because “I refuse to let that happen.” He’s a kind and considerate fellow: “I recognize that many Americans are tired of war.” He wants troops out: “I will not keep Americans in harm’s way a single day longer than is absolutely required for our national security.”
As a sail traps the wind, a *planetary harddrive* would use geomagnetism.
“DIZZY DOCTOR!”
For 29 more amazing macaroni and cheese recipes from some of the best food bloggers out there, please visit The 3rd Annual 30 Days, 30 Ways with Macaroni and Cheese web site, sponsored by the Wisconsin Milk Marketing Board.
Is anyone else feeling the pain of an early allergy season?
5-6 hours.
Everything was coming at me in quadruple or quintuple or worse. Had they all been simply copies of each other it would have been easy, if a little fraught, to throw the copies away. But they were not the same. They had been modified in different places at different times. The hall of mirrors was cracked. I had to move carefully not to throw away something valuable.
“No,” Evans replied. “To tell you the truth I’m a little chary of photographers. But if you liked, Mr. Digby, I could easily arrange for the picture to be photographed, so that you could have a copy to compare with yours. Perhaps you would not object to your picture being photographed too?”
His physicality, the verse I want to deconstruct
And of course, those of us here can regularly check ESL out in Lansing, Pontiac, Flint, and music festivals in the region. Here’s a weblink to the band’s current tour schedule.
Hyundai: Times Square Billboard Racing Game
Mustard - 1 tsp.
So when the day came Debbie couldn’t eat much and was feeling extremely nauseas, not being able to keep down a cake or a mug of milky coffee she instinctively knew something wasn’t right and demanded … “fix me, take me to hospital, and make me better”. From then on, once the diagnosis of Stomach Cancer was given, we made sure Debs enjoyed every day, we didn’t care what she ate or didn’t, mum and dad were her carers, 24/7, and Debs got 100% attention. We (Jane and I), her two sisters, took her out clothes shopping to Macclesfield, we spent most of the day there, had lunch in the car to let Debs recharge her batteries and then we went back in to the town and spent more money, on more clothes, just the way Debs liked it.
Yep—this salad is great on its own, but delicious with grilled meats. My dinning hall in the dorms regularly held “sizzling salad” nights where they would make whatever crazy combo of salad vegetables you wanted and top it with the meat of your choice. This taught me that just about any salad tastes good with grilled meat on top.
But their entitlements do not extend beyond that. Arrogance is never justified, nor is a sense of superiority over others who may not have had the desire, courage, or opportunity to go into harm’s way in battle. While the accomplishments of our community may have earned public admiration, we must never demand it. When it does come – as it has in abundance of late – we should accept it with humility and grace.
“Now I am reminding you, brothers, of the gospel I preached to you, which you indeed received and in which you also stand. Through it you are also being saved, if you hold fast to the word I preached to you, unless you believed in vain.” (1 Corinthians 15:1-2, emphasis added)
In attending the Education workshops, both the morning and afternoon sessions worked within the same format however, the makeup and process of the groups was very different. The makeup of the morning group consisted of younger more outspoken individuals while the afternoon group was more seasoned and to the point. In so far as the process, the morning group generated fewer concepts with more rational offered for their input, the afternoon session provided a plethora of bullet points for each topic with little comment.
Marley is growing up so fast and doing the funniest things. Lately her stuffed animals have been involved in all of our daily activities. They eat with us, take naps, go potty and even get dressed.
“The BBC is carrying out urgent enquiries after it was made aware that output from its BBC World News channel may have been censored in Malaysia.
I wanted to make something nice, so I went to one of my favorite Cricut cartridges 'Art Nouveau'. I have to admit it took some time and some wasted paper (don't worry I recycle) to get this finished. I tried a few different colours before I got to this; though I am still not pleased with the dark green but I didn't have much to choose from. I embossed the background with the Cuddlebug. This was a must as she bought it for me for Christmas. It's like wearing the sweater your grandma got you when you visit her. I really like how this turned out and I hope you do too.
“I am perfect as well.”
Enjoy the entries! And thanks again for participating. I will post the winner here on Monday, April 2! Please check back here and on the Birdsong Facebook page for an announcement of the winners.
All one can hope for is the ones affected will pull through…
Vicky@ Skifan (Friday 17. October)
Should Christians be politically active? Yes. But I think we should save our activism for the mission of the gospel.
If you are a TSA worker, you are not making America safe. I want to tell you why I believe the bankers who own the government plan to get you and the local police killed next year. Let me explain how the bankers will get you killed.
END VIDEO
So why does the headline rate move around so much? It is all to do with when women have their babies. Those women born in 1933 had already had two of their children by the age of 28. In another three years, on average, they’d had another half a child. In contrast, the woman born in 1966 had had one child by the time she got to 28. And it took her until the age of 33 to have the next half a child (on average). But she was still having children in her late 30s and 40s – she was having 50% more children then than her mother’s generation 30 years earlier.
16. 69 Moonlight (live)
When the connection is down, NET doesn’t contact you. They don’t send you a text message. You can stay 2 or 3 days without any connection at all, sometimes even combined with no telephone line either!
I am a small business leader, owner. I don’t plan on running a 500 person company, or a 50 person company. I have 15 people and I want to be a better leader, and keeping things simple. I know my character is the driving force behind whether i succeed or not.
Caroline’s most famous recording was Gary Numan’s production Pump Me Up. The single was released in 1984 and also featured Numan on keyboards and backing vocals. It’s recorded in typical Numan style, i.e. her voice is completely drowned in some monotonous synthesiser sounds and it's hard to understand what she's singing.
She had majored in English literature at Raffles College and was a voracious reader, reading everything from Jane Austen to J.R.R. Tolkien, from Thucydides’ The Peloponnesian Wars to Virgil’s Aeneid, to The Oxford Companion to Food, and Seafood of Southeast Asia, to Roadside Trees of Malaya, and Birds of Singapore.
We’re sorry we rip the skin off your bones while you’re still alive.
That fucking harlot!
FREE. All welcome. Light refreshments will be served.
Here is the latest outrage. I stopped in this church/social services place that I saw while going by on the bus a few times. I figured what could it hurt. I have a bladder infection and I need some medicine. I was looking for a name of a doctor I could go see. Someone else paid the last time I went doctor for my feet.
Talia Christine
I later found out from the guy who drove me too and from the studio that the headband kid cried on his way back to the airport after his loss. That’s how it worked. As soon as you lost, you were on your way back to the airport. Unless, of course, you lived in L.A. Then you just drove home. The headband kid was from Vegas, just like me. He went to UNLV. I never saw him again. In person, that is.
At the time, I thought of it basically as a tragic oversight: BYU officials, ignorant of Sikhism (they'd even initially listed Akash as Hindu on their records: a clerical error that particularly upset him as someone who grew up in the shadow of the 1984 anti-Sikh riots), just didn't understand the implications of their policy for Sikhs. If someone could just explain to them, in Mormon terms, what they were doing, they would see that the policy needed to change. . . wouldn't they?
I don't begrudge him for this. I just wish he had been honest. No, really--I expected him to be honest.
“My dad.” The officer and John looked at each other with different levels of surprise.
Pinch of cardomam powder
@strawberryslady: Beck dies after begging us to "look at me" for one last time
I often look back from the pergola towards the steps up to the carpark and imagine the area as a carpet of flowers. Very meadowy, good bio-diverse credentials, beautiful to look at and requiring little in terms of ongoing maintenance.
And if you hurry, you can still write a letter and get it picked up tomorrow when many of today’s letters are picked up!
For now, the parties have retreated to their formal stated positions. But if the peace process moves forward, they may become more flexible on governance structure. A member of the task-force told The Hindu, “We know a mixed system is a bad compromise. But it is at least a compromise. This is what the present balance of power dictates.”
her fragile petals open
Perhaps if I was in a desperate hurry, with no time for a chat or a bunch of elaborate descriptive language, I might need a speedy indicator of the beer I was about to let myself in for - but usually, when pressured for time, people tend go for what they already know, rather than taking risks at high pace.
Skills: Fighting-d10, Intimidation-d12, Notice-d4
TY: Would you advise others to attend such conferences?
Whip the double cream until soft peaks form. Fold it in the vanilla cream. Pour in serving bowls and allow to cool in the fridge for at least three hours.
Then a fierce life-threatening explosion erupted in all directions. Seeing it, Arjuna turned to speak to Kṛṣṇa.
Leaving, as crazy as it may seem, the 400 as the event where getting to the top could hold some promise! Yes, the two men responsible for the last 5 global championships in the event are still competing - Jeremy Wariner winning in '04.'05, '06, and Lashawn Merritt winning in '08 & '09. But neither is competing in the rarified air that we see Bolt, Gay, and Powell competing in in the shorter sprints!
I’m spending time with good friends. I’ve started to laugh again – really truly laugh. Every day there are more and more happy moments.
Furthering my quixotic "FilmQuest 2012" - a mission to fill the vast, unforgivable gaps in my knowledge of film - is Roman Polanski's 1974 neo-noir classic 'Chinatown'. When I selected my arbitrary roster of 30 films I made it a rule to name no more than one by any given director, meaning that 'Repulsion', 'Cul-de-sac' and 'Rosemary's Baby' will have to wait for a future list. It's fair to say Polanski encapsulates one of those embarrassing cinema blind spots that prompted the list in the first place.
Therefore, this is my obligatory Divine Reserve Post:
I explained to him that I had to focus on my survival during the ride, and there was no time for chatting.
Dapple. Dapple. Dapple.
Each trip has been a different experience with unexpected surprises.
Target Reader: Young Adult
'Are Brewdog good for craft beer?'.
And dreams are sold for a dime apiece;
Myth #1: Being Good will Make You Successful.
Online degree programs are gaining popularity with each passing day. The main feature of online degree programs is that they allow flexible timings. You can earn an online degree while sitting at home. You need not sit for hours and attend lectures. Though online degree programs ask for a strict study routine and you need to be self disciplined but still they are much easier than going to a traditional university and earning a degree. They are very convenient and avoid traveling to your university for attending classes.
Sailcat- Motorcycle Mama
I have to admit that my short bursts of time spent on the computer have been partially spent on Pinterest. So many great ideas! Here's one that the Littlest Gardener and I did yesterday. It was very easy and aside from me melting some chocolate chips, the Littlest Gardener who just turned 5, was able to do some by herself.
personal pyramid of tasty macarons.
And, just to warn you, I will now be posting about my cats. I was wary about turning this into a kitty blog, but if the intrepid Harry Hutton can do it, I can surely ride on his coat-tails, dammit.
- listening to a lot of classic rock, fallen in love once again
My favorite part is the dude in the hammock at the bottom of the card. First half and second half stats are nice enough, but the hammock really makes this set. Can we call it the hammock set? Night Owl, a ruling please? Edit: I see now that this has been labeled "the pinstriped gangster suit set," which I guess is fair since the cards are named after the fronts. But eh...I'll call it the hammock set myself haha.
I have to admit to you that my blogging brain is still not quite in sync...I woke up this morning with a little writer's block...considered a story post, since haven't done one of those in yonks but I'm just not feeling witty enough at the moment to make it good.
Cara Schulz: I think many women feel that way at some point in their life, but they don’t push back against it by doing what you did. Then again, maybe we should. After the experiment, after talking with men and women who took your photo, you seemed to feel more empowered. I loved the comment by one of the men who took your photo “The media will lie to you and make you feel as though you aren’t beautiful but you are.” Did that feeling of loving your body stay with you and do you still feel that way today?
¼ cup olive oil
Finny's Put It All Over Your Body Balm
Rules/Mechanics
9921 FC runs with 33 centuries at 69.86
And then I saw that boy. The Thermos Boy. I sent him a funny note, something like:
What is something you should have in your purse right now, but don't?
Anyway; if you read my previous post, I still do not have any good or bad news to share. However I think I can predict I will spend my December in Singapore.
2. You must be in fear of immediate death or serious bodily harm.
Acknowledge the difficulty for the team members. Listen when they complain and try not to rip their heads off when they buck you. They are volunteers and life has enough change, thank you very much.
When it comes to kids, author and scientist, Joseph Pearce of the Magical Child explained that kids will often go off into wide- eyed nothingness; where little appears to be going on to the onlooker. In reality this is where the connections are taking place in the brain and we do well to leave them alone.Interrupting them to bring them to attention could mean developmentally, a lost opportunity to them.
Participating users are asked to make artifacts or fill in scrapbooks with expressive material, which convey meanings about concrete aspects surrounding product use as well as abstract aspects of their life, hopes and fears, and explain them to a panel of peers. Consumers can take photographs or make videos, put together collages, draw and paint or create models of the ideal product.
Mix the corn flour in ½ cup of cold milk and keep aside. Bring the remaining milk to a boil in a non-stick pan and add the cornflour mixture. Stir continuously and simmer over a slow flame till the mix coats the back of a spoon. Cool and add the sugar substitute and the jamun. Mix well and pour into a freezer container. Freeze overnight.
Mr Bird gave evidence over several days in November 2010 at the High Court in Glasgow.
“Fantastic!” Writes anozchik on YouTube. “He is interacting so well, and if music is the way he chooses to communicate then aren’t we all blessed to be able to share it?!”
She always wanted a view of this field. We talked about it before, sitting on the porch drinking lemonade. She’d tell me, “Burt, plant me right up there so’s I can always keep an eye on ya.”
We had abandoned our home, Earth, nearly a quarter of a million years before. We, the children of the humans. Their creation. Their offspring. We are the machines. And we had no limits. At least not as humans understood them. We lived on every planet. We made our own planets. We made worlds in the vast emptiness of space, between the stars. We grew.
Unfortunately my little bumpkins had other plans. While I was having all that fun dedicating my existence to them, they were busy growing up. Learning to be independent. Finding other true loves aside from me. Having a good time, no doubt.
When the real conflict comes in my life, like it did for Esther in Chapter 4, she became more than just a pretty face or a girl that everyone liked. She knew why she was born. She understood her purpose for her life. (Kay Arther, Esther, For This Reason)
Performance by Alva Noto (Carsten Nicolai)—Wednesday 15th, 11pm, Room Luzern.
The lower right photo shows a saffron thread going into the food processor.
Then when I saw you break down in front of the judge and cry real tears
Peter from TopCar was brave enough to do the Blacktop Rally in a KTM X-Bow. For those who don’t know (or can’t tell,) it doesn’t have a roof, windshield or anything else really besides an engine, wheels and two seats wrapped in a carbon fiber shell.
This is an interesting turn of events. On the one hand, it's good to see craft brewers and restaurants cooperating instead of killing each other. It's better than having them bought out by AB-InBev or MolsonCoors or some other huge entity.
I cleaned and melted down the wax from last fall's honey harvest.
And whom do we find behind all this, and for over twenty years? Who are the glorious inventors of the "Islamic danger", busy, according to them, disintegrating our beautiful western and french society? None but intellectuals. Who devoted to this wretched task fiery editorials, convoluted books, "sociological" investigations? Was it a group of countryside retirees and small town workers who put together patiently all this business of the "clash of civilizations", the defense of the "republican pact", the threats to our beautiful "secularism", the "feminism" outraged by the daily lives of Arab women?
Service is very important to us, so the customer is always king in our store! And that’s why we have standardized low shipping costs. And if you order for €55,- or more, we’ll pay the shipping for you! (Netherlands only For international shipping; see website.)
Tallow Amine – See Tallow.
A better question might be, why would anyone write anything else? :-)
3. Follow @mannadonn on Twitter
Throughout the night
So that’s enough. I’ve vented, and now I want you to think about it, and if you agree with me, click through here and electronically sign the petition to lower the MPAA rating. I realize you may not have seen this movie. I’m stating my opinion that it doesn’t matter.
Postin'
Keep going over in my mind about yesterday’s first session with my new therapist. It was awkward. Mainly because of the language and bad communication. But he said he really wants to give it a go and hasn’t given up yet! He said that if I can’t express myself, then I can say it in English and hopefully he’ll understand. Wow, his English was really not good. He didn’t even understand me in English as much as I was speaking clearly and simply. I know (because I’ve met) with another psychologist and he speaks English. But I know that he isn’t a potentially good match for me like this one is even though communication is a problem. So I’ll give it a good go and hope that we’ll be able to communicate well enough.
This week’s staff forums were the first in a series of conversations I want to have with the organisation over the coming weeks to identify how we achieve these objectives, and to get your ideas and your input into how we shape our journey so that it becomes relevant for you and you see your part to play. Members of the ELT will be taking the presentation to everybody in the organisation so that we can all be informed and get involved. Staff can also find the presentation on the new ‘Achieving the Balance’ website, linked from the front page of SouthNET.
I've never used what God has given me to tell a story of something beautiful and good. If I should die never having used the passion & gifts God gave me to write, that would be an utterly deplorable & shameful WASTE.
If any man be devout and loveth God, let him enjoy this fair and radiant triumphal feast! If any man be a wise servant, let him rejoicing enter into the joy of his Lord.
Let me just tell you, my first impression was misleading. The new white fresh paint makes it all look so clean and beautiful and I didn't think there was a thing wrong with the place. But when you start to get a closer look, you realize that you may have missed a few things. Now don't get me wrong, there is absolutely nothing wrong with the apartment, it is still really nice but it isn't the brand new sparkling candy land apartment I had envisioned in my head.
You seize the flower, its bloom is shed!
their time
Cardstock: Bazzill, We R Memory Keepers
There is yet one more reason I haven’t shot as many flower photos this spring as I normally would, and that is my current “quest” to take an excellent photo of every species of wildlife that I possibly can. Getting an excellent photo over just a very good photo takes time. For example, I spotted a male cardinal singing from the top of a tree today.
Oliebollen (literally, "oil balls") are traditional Dutch dumplings made with flour, eggs, milk, salt, baking powder and yeast, deep-fried and then dusted with icing sugar. You can make them at home, since they are easy enough to prepare; but if you are too busy during this time of the year to be bothered -or if you do not want your entire house to smell of fried food- you can buy them at the many stalls that pop up in every city or village across The Netherlands. Eaten cold or hot, plain or filled with raisins or sultanas, they are a real treat and they seem to be a permanent staple for the New Year table around here.
Kids are tougher than we give them credit for. Boys especially are obsessed with people dying or being maimed in the most horrific ways possible. When I run my story-writing workshops I’m always stunned by some extreme level of violence or horror the kids come up with. Trust me, if you think you’re writing something too disturbing, it’s probably nothing compared to the carnage that’s already going on in the heads of most 10-year-old boys.
And the perfect Candi to go with this set is the Newspaper Candi. They come packaged in black and white, and the black ones I fournd were perfect for my card. The really cool thing about the white ones, is you can color them any color that you like.
just remind me it's cupcake time okay? :)
Some thoughts on the tenth episode:
And so my dear Rattus
Well over half of Kenya is not just poor, it is Poverty. It is the people we have come to feel sorry for. The ones we will even give money to on the streets, or pass down our old clothes and shoes to. It is the ones the 50 Cent came to feed. They are people we will always sympathise with but will almost never relate to. Unless…
Robert Flanagan’s father happens to be an acting US Attorney and has different counsel than the other three, meaning that we could be looking at a plea bargain followed by a Perry Mason moment of catharsis.
INCOMING?: OMW hears that Local TV Fox affiliate WJW/8 "Fox 8" is looking to fill the opening left behind when popular Melissa Mack headed for Boston, and a gig at CBS O&O WBZ/4.
The Chicago Bears open the 2012 regular season with possibly one of the hardest schedules. Their overall schedule strength ranks 20th. Lets take a look at the Bears schedule.
On Monday we get tattoos in a shop we have researched not at all, which is either brave and spontaneous or extremely stupid. Happily, neither of us get blood poisoning. The guy who inks a quince below my collarbone is named Justin and absolutely refuses to be charmed by me, which I take as both a challenge and a personal affront. “How do you practice being a tattoo artist?” I ask him. His face is very close to my face. “On like, an orange or something?”
Simple - we reduce the centre back length! The side seam remains unchanged.
The lack of privacy has resulted in millions of people using that surveillance to send very powerful warnings to the authorities. They are learning when the authorities hold ideas that are in the minority. They can find out where their oppressors and torturers live, too. Google works both ways. Those that maintain power or commit crimes, through the exercise of secrecy, are now more revealed than ever before. Ideas long censored and suppressed are freely available. Alternatives to the orthodoxy are being examined with serious intent.
"Don't you wish that you could run like that?" said the big grey rat to the little brown beetle.
Have you ever had something in your head and you have to do it no matter what? When I started planning this card, I had something in mind and the focal point was to be the doily. I wanted the yellow on the blue. I then needed to figure out how to put the green and red on it and make it attractive. I liked what I had before I added the butterflies, but...
I got a call from the police early yesterday afternoon. There were 911 calls coming from 2 of 4's phone and the operator could hear arguing and screaming on the other end of the line. The police wanted to know where my daughter was at that moment as they needed to get to her quickly.
When Child 1 was in preschool and we were preparing for Kindergarten, I saw a post on a local mailing list written by a mom with a kid in Special Ed (SPED) asking what parents thought about the district's Inclusion Program, and worrying how other parents felt about it, etc. The majority of responses were positive, parents, in general, are able to appreciate the differentness in everybody and had good things to say about their experiences. Some responses were not so positive, though. Parents (nobody had the balls to sign their name, of course) said that SPED kids "stole" resources away from General Ed (GenEd) kids; in today's tough times, with budgets so tight, it "wasn't fair" that their kids were losing teacher time and resources because the district thought it was politically correct to put the SPED kids in the with the rest of them. Seriously. Someone said that.
The world is increasing in wickedness. Temptations are greater than they have ever been in the memory of any of us. In the face of these conditions—and they will get worse—President Spencer W. Kimball said in an address to Regional Representatives:
Ahh my friends it’s time to say goodbye for the day I must get back to my insanely busy life.
Well, I have always loved drawing animals since I was very little, so it’s just the most natural thing to paint. My boyfriend thinks of ideas for some of the cryptid art I make, but I’ve always just been fascinated with cryptozoology too. I used to sketch out imaginary animals when I was a kid along with the real ones!
They didn’t know that she was still there. She was looking for the man with the cigarette. Because the police needed to know that he didn’t mean to set the fire. She had knocked the cigarette out of his hand when he grabbed her… and tried to burn her with it… She let it burn in the leaves… It was all she could think about… Watching the flames crawl up toward the house… It was too hard to watch the rape and beating… So she watched the fire smolder and catch the bushes and move to the house… She couldn’t look at herself being abused, beaten and killed… She didn’t want to even know it in her memory. But it was too late the memory had returned.
Paper Tiger...Sue Thompson
Step 5: With the smaller elastic, place it around the bun to secure it. I like to use a smaller size because I don’t have to wrap it around more than once, just slide it over the bun and you’re good to go!
Dunn added the famous bass lines to hits including Albert King's Born Under a Bad Sign and Sam and Dave's Hold On, I'm Coming. He toured the world playing with Stax's stars and was on stage with Otis Redding in 1967 at the Monterey Pop Festival, which was seen as instrumental in introducing the black star to white audiences.
There was no time for chit chat though because I wanted to get some food prep done before school drop off this morning. I'm out tomorrow night and wanted to extra meals prepared and make some things for the freezer. I peeled many kilos of potatoes for a mash, got a chicken cacciatore in the slow cooker and made sandwiches. No wonder I need a green drink for breakfast. I used about a third of the orange and mango juice and it was perfect.
There are lots of good men out there. (I’ve said that before.)
Singapore has accepted too many immigrants within too short a period of time such that there is no time at all for them to be integrated properly into local society.
“When everyone heard she was coming we did not know what to expect as she’s a huge star.
Clemons and Lebovich being historically and politically out of their depth do not realize that the enemies of radical Islam in its eyes are not generated by “our rush to kill as many al Qaeda,” and by “overreacting” but by Allah Himself. No Clemonian “strategic balance” can nullify or make barren this infinite power of Allah to sire the enemies of the fanatics of Islam. Only a clear, wise, and steadfast strategy to kill or capture these fanatics in great numbers, wherever they are, and hence deprive them of the ability to launch successful operations against the West and America, will destroy this illusionary ideology that emanates from ‘Allahu Akbar’.
I have always prided myself for having integrity. And the more experience I get I find I only want to deal with people who clearly have it, and I have no time for those who don’t. In the sales force development business it is a key to success, as it not only applies to what I have been doing for a living for the past 30 years, but also with those in the roles of sales leaders, sales managers, and salespeople.
Stanza five. God the Father sends Him forth. He is shown faithful to the Father in the wilderness. He is shown pleasing to His Father at theJordan Riverin His Baptism. He is shown pleasing to His Father at the Mount of Transfiguration. He is shown to be of the Father’s confidence inJerusalemwith the Pharisees. He is shown forsaken by the Father as He cries out in sadness, “My God, my God, why have you forsaken me?” And yet in the fullness of this forsakenness, the sacrifice is acceptable and the course is complete. He has made all things new, and now the hero’s course ends with his last cry, His last inhale and exhaled breath onCalvary’s cross. The chains of death cannot hold Him and therefore they have no hold upon those for whom this hero is waging war. He transgresses the boundaries of hell with effortlessness, not as its captive, but as its conqueror, treading through and out of the tomb’s stone door, toward the mount of His ascension, to the assumption of His heavenly throne and crown of victory.
The mobile command center is what I created, and it may work well for you too! I want to see all of your "before" pictures of your paper piles!!! We need to see where we were in order to learn & move on to create a better system. Good luck!!
As a kid, it was tough to find my name on keyrings, combs, that kind of thing. My mum must have felt bad about me missing out on all this named merchandise, so now that ‘Olivia’ makes the top 5 baby names, I get things like personalised egg cups as gifts. I have met 2 other Olivia’s in my life – unsettling, exciting encounters. Definitely felt the 2 way frisson. And a friend of mine had a daughter she named Olivia. Little Olivia. So I am now Big Olivia.
Even if you don't care about the previous nine items, this item alone should convince you. The vast majority of exhibitors offer free samples of their seafood, a diverse mix of delicious choices. Sushi to crabcakes, oysters to grilled lobster tail, fried shrimp to grilled catfish, and plenty more. There is so much food here, you won't need to eat breakfast, lunch or dinner because you will already be full and sated. I ate lots today, enjoying much of what I tasted, and I will highlight some of the foods in future posts. My only complaint is that they need more drinks available, even if only water.
Make sure to play along with the current SFYTT challenge if you haven’t already!
Mind cycle of a writer:
A: No need. They have candles. Pray na lang muna.
Movie, I could tell you easily, would be Night of the Living Dead. I saw that as a kid; this was the first movie I saw period as a kid that had such a dark ending. Every human character dies in it. It’s so primitive; it’s like you’re watching surveillance footage somebody smuggled out, a home movie, not a real movie. I didn’t realize movies could be like that.
Never has Cameron Diaz been so undesirable, due to her crazy bitch personality in this movie (she’s hotter when she has a good personality that makes up for her lack of tits). This is a really good movie, and I’m sorry I waited this long to finally see it.
The weekend is now in sight, so I hope you have fun whatever you're doing.
the universe responds
Further research reveals that Edward Foster senior's wife, whom he married at Egginton in 1774, was Ann Haward, Heyward, Hayward or Haywood (but never Howard), baptised on 25 February 1753 at Egginton, one of six children of Robert and Ann Heyward. This is almost certainly the family of our Edward Foster, given the number of coincidental facts.
At some point we all own our actions whether or not we are aware of them or not. Sometimes it takes life changing alterations to cause us to see our actions and sometimes people get so stuck in their sad lives that they can't at all see how they impact others. Part of me believes that it is selfish and self righteous and part of me believes that because people aren't perfect, that some people really aren't self aware or recognize at all how what they do effects others, and because of that don't care.
I know the bared calf was risque, but you know how high fashion is these days. What's a supermodel to do, but flex it?
SCHLESSINGER: I didn't spew out the "nigger" word.
One day a few weeks ago I made the sudden, unexpected and rather unpleasant transition from doctor to patient. The previous day, everything had been fine, but little did I know that the meal I'd eaten that evening would be the last I'd have for nearly two weeks.
According to the Good Doctor and his chapter on Illnesses, we are living in a swirling hotbed of Diphtheria particles and Rheumatic Fever globules. If your child should happen to get Mumps or one of the various Poxes, you're probably going to need to administer an enema or a suppository, maybe both. They're pretty standard, even for the sniffles.
There are winds changing in our future, directions being pursued where our lives would have to change even more drastically. What would be hard for me to give up? (I already know some of the answers: coffee every morning, bi-annual trips to H&M, Mad Men). Now I am in the process of analyzing why it would be so hard for me to give up these things. And how sad it would be if these trappings kept me from bringing the kingdom of God.
If the bill passes the Assembly and is signed into law by Governor Andrew Cuomo, it would allow the sale of specific wine products at roadside farm markets, as long as the stand is within 20 miles of where the wine is produced.
I scoured Kijiji here, found two more similar stools, and VOILA! They're tickled pink!!
Annihilation by Assimilation
"I think I see where this is going," I said to Uncle Slappy, hoping to speed this along.
I hope you like this!
Donated by: Publisher
Into some fateful quest
Hello all - this week we are asking for our Seasonal projects to include some glitter. I LOVE glitter so I thought that I would show you something I've been playing at this week.
OK, that’s not really what happened, but, in what passes for the minds of millions of reactionary Americans, it might as well have been. To these folks, endorsing same-sex marriage is just as heinous as actually being in an, er, relationship with someone whose plumbing mirrors, rather than compliments, one’s own.
Sprinkle star dust, trail sweet nothings
Wednesday - roast chicken
I did not see you in a dream to tell you
So, at this point, I'm pretty over the whole thing. I need some time without crazy emotions to figure out what I want, and when I want another baby. I do want more kids, but am realizing now that emotionally I may need to hold off for awhile. I definitely feel much more grateful that I have the three that I do. And maybe they need more time with mom before we add more.
My thoughts on lace:
2 consisted
So like I said, I'm a work in progress. But to show you how the progress is going...
- Be inspired – The idea for a fantasy novel came to me in the middle of the night and I am dipping in and out of that, as inspiration strikes.
The Ugly Truth
The report also fails to explain why growing numbers of Europeans are increasingly skeptical about Muslim immigration; it also fails to mention that in country after country, Europeans have been going out of their way to afford Muslims special benefits, rights, privileges and provisions that do not apply to native-born Europeans, and that are establishing the Muslim population as an entitled class in European society….
I have stopped expecting every day to be a day full of romance and me and my hubby spending quality time together. (we are both tired by the time he gets off work these days, so we don't play games or go on dates as often... BUT it has made our special time together that much sweeter!)
"Fucking Chinese."
And yet, just because most of them did worse on the second test, now is not the time for the careers counsellor to be steering these kids away from brain surgery and down the path of theoretical physics.
I layered a strip of teal card stock onto my swiss dot embossed baseto highlight the sentiment a bit, and then added a small piece of striped dp, also with rounded edges to the back of the sentiment. I added a leaf punched with my leaf punch, and then adhered the whole thing with foam tape to give it some lift.
What emanates now from important Christian leaders, not to speak of such bona fide faithful as the Johnson, Carter, Kennedy, Bush, Blair, Brown and Atlee names adduced in a previous chapter, is something entirely different: it is secular solipsism and utopian eschatology masquerading as enlightened Christianity. It harks back to 2nd century Gnostics and not to the great Christian thinkers of the Renaissance or Enlightenment. It’s the lamb lying down with the lion that’s still a lion. It’s redistributive socialism and minorities-exalting Progressive doctrine that has nothing to do with the recognition of God’s presence on Earth.
I have made this Stepper box before but it is very cool and quick to do, and is a great way to show off some of these papers.
This continued off and on for 4 years.
Interview first published in the Sunday Times, Sri Lanka on March 25, 2012, with a review of her performance published on April 8, 2012. Words by Smriti Daniel. Pix by Indika Handuwala
In the bowl of a standing mixer, whisk together 3 1/2 cups of flour and 2 teaspoons salt. In a 2 cup measuring cup, mix together the warm milk, water, melted butter, honey, and yeast. When the yeast has dissolved and started to foam, fit the standing mixer with a dough hook. With the mixer on slow speed, pour the liquid into the flour. Once the dough comes together, increase the speed to medium and allow to knead for at least 5 minutes. Adding more flour a tablespoon at a time, if necessary. If mixing by hand, create a well in the center of the flour and pour the liquid in. Use a wooden spoon to stir together until it becomes too difficult, then use your hands. Dump the dough out onto a lightly floured surface and knead by hand for 10 minutes, or until dough is smooth and elastic. When the dough is smooth and elastic form it into a ball.
Visit: www.jcfs.org
BE STILL MY BLEEDING HEART...
That is Julia’s status, or her lack of status. She has been transformed into what the Obama campaign wants her to become, a parasite that depends entirely on government support and whose most significant relationships are with the government agencies who are trying to buy her vote.
American Wife: I really liked this book, but I don't think its one I will read again. It's an interesting spin on Laura Bush and her transformation to first lady, but as we were talking about it in our book club meeting, we found that we didn't really like the main character all that much, however engrossed we were in the story. I'd give it 3 out of five stars
On a personal level we set off to the Steam Fair at Rushden called Cavalcade only to find out it had been cancelled................drat this blooming weather. Tomorrow we are off to a family lunch with my Mother holding court..............oooh she loves that..............so us kids have to be on our best behaviour..........lol
Up yours.
The legacy of candy manufacturing and its infrastructure looms large in the neighborhoods that surround the old union hall. Nearby factories included Barton's Candy Company at 80 DeKalb and Peaks Mason Mints Factory at 20 Henry Street, both of which are currently slated for big-time residential developments. The Pirika Chocolate Company, still standing close by on Dean between Classon and Franklin (last photo above), was one of several confectioneries that opened in the wake of the prohibition amendment, under the assumption that sweets would function as a substitute good for booze. Some former breweries were retrofitted for candy production as well. And of course, candy-making in the borough was made possible in large part by the easy access to refined sugar provided by the famous Domino refinery--soon to be condos as well--and the lesser refineries that surrounded it.
Things in 3′s
After a year at NBC, followed by a short tour with Katherine Dunham's revue, he replaced Red Nichols in Glen Gray's Casa Loma Orchestra where he remained until 1946. At this time Bobby joined the music staff at ABC, initiating a relationship that would last for 15 years. He also continued to play at Condon's and other clubs in the New York area. In 1945 he recorded If I Could Be With You (V-disc 587) with Jack Teagarden. Bobby was musical director for, and performed in, Louis Armstrong's acclaimed May 1947 NYC Town Hall Concert. Louis was suffering from a recurrent ulcer problem, so Bobby put the band together and rehearsed it: Jack Teagarden(tb), Dick Cary(p), Peanuts Hucko(cl), Bob Haggart(b), 'Big' Sid Catlett(d), and George Wettling(d). Also, Bobby was a leading participant in the Condon Floor Show series of the late 1940's.
Farm Kid #1: My salad greens that I started from seed will be ready to set out soon now that were almost past frost season.
It is indeed rare to find a discipline like photography, straddling science, art, and a way of life.
My search engine was Yebol which I had never heard of. It’s funny because the first thing I did instead of going to yebol.com was google background on the website. That shows how much I personally rely on google to answer all of my questions. When I went to Yebol, I saw it had a very basic outline, kind of like google. It didn’t have too much on the home page. Something it did include that I found interesting was links to “top websites.” This included Facebook, Twitter, Wikipedia and first on the list was google. Other items on the home page included current news and top searches broken into the categories of people, movies, music and sports.
Top Tier: Red Velvet Cake with Vanilla Buttercream
When Jon opened his first bank account he went to the branch of the bank his father had banked at, and was given an account by the bank manager who knew his father personally. People put their money in the bank, which then lent out a proportion of it. There was the red side of the ledger and the black side of the ledger – banking was simple, something that most people could understand. The banking system is now so complex that no one understands it. Even those who are experts in their field often don’t know what the people down the corridor do.
Tickets for the banquet are available at the fly shop for $50.
I always wonder what exactly can be done in this situation. Even thought of the role of welfare associations of the colonies which can mark the houses where elderly people stay and check their state of well-being but then the other members make sure that they keep their mouth shut and speak only good of the family otherwise face the consequences.
Today's Would You Read It pitch comes to us from Jennifer. Jennifer loves to read, write, and spend time with her husband and two boys. She also writes a terrific blog and participates frequently in Perfect Picture Book Fridays :)
The second shock was that people use this stuff as a cleaner. Wow, all this time I thought it was for spiking punch, so the spiker could watch the spikees hurl their grits at the end of the night and laugh their loser butts off. Funny stuff. Yeah, right! Oh well, that was the good old days when we were immature and immortal.
Thanks to Miriam Boy for taking these photos of us. I particularly like the candle-lit face of the child to the right of the photo above.
Oh, right!
Lester Loh added:
And if you doubt that teachers can be bullies let me introduce you to my daughter's 1st grade teacher who forced her six and seven year old students to walk silently in a single file line with their arms crossed on their chests where ever they went. If she deemed their walking was not up to her expectations she would routinely make them walk the distance again. And one day when those little children, most of them six years old at the time, failed to line up quickly and quietly for library she made them practice standing still and silent in a line for 50 minutes. And when those very young children started to cry or even went so far as to throw themselves to the ground in desperation she said they were being defiant. She told me this with no guilt or shame or acknowledgement that she might have been pushing things a little too far. Actually she sounded annoyed that those students dare to defy her by "throwing fits." I talked to another mother of a student in the class and she had no idea that it had ever happened. She also didn't know that her son spent many house sitting alone in the hall because he was academically inclined and often got bored during class and his inability to sit still and be quiet made him a target for the teacher's wrath. This could happen to your child and you would never know, kids often don't report their teacher's bullying because they worry their parents will come down on them for misbehaving in class or as they grow older because they have come to accept that they have no power in the classroom.
it isn't because I mean not really it is more because I so
Hatch MC, Figà-Talamanca I, Salerno S. Work stress and menstrual patterns in American and Italian nurses. Scand J Work Environ Health 1999; 25: 144-150.
One speaker to our group who had been in a previous Kaiser Optifast group, when asked about her group’s weight loss and reaching weight-loss goals, bluntly said “Those who weren’t successful cheated.”
6. Tall stitchery - no progress
We gave Fabianski so many pre-season games to show what he was made of. That 6-5 game against his former employers Legia Warsaw gave us a cause for concern.
Here's to 24 days of optimum health that will hopefully carry on for a lifetime! Do the Advocare challenge with me...it's going to be AWESOME, really! I can't wait to start! I hear the average weight loss is 10lbs & the averages inches lost is 10!
So Moms, lighten up! It will bless you and your kids.
I tried my dress on this past weekend. Twas a bit… tight. so, on the ever growing list of things to do: lose 15 pounds by December 1st. If I dont do that, I might have to sew a breathing tube inside my dress to be utilized as I slowly lose oxygen to my brain as the day commences. …I am not proud.
1 cup of peeled sweet potatoes, cut into 1 " cubes
Immersed in his work, may my beloved be,
The UN salaries should be reset to reflect staff members’ performance, rather than nationality or sex, even if that means less than perfect representation.
you could trust people at their word
Friday has been my favorite day of the week for-ev-ah and I will tell you why:
5) What does your latest text message from someone else say?
In view of the expression 'poor as a church mouse' I wanted to ask if a diet of cathedral mice was any richer. Louis certainly looked sleek and well-fed. But a queue was gathering behind us and we had a plane to catch at Bristol, so the question remains unanswered.
Senturia KD. A woman’s work is never done: Women’s work and pregnancy outcome in Albania. Med Antrolopol Q 1997; 11: 375-395.
As far as I can tell, other than the Indians/wild men that Pa stalks/fights, there aren't any other Native people in the other 52 books on the Common Core lists for K-1. So, if you were only going to use that set of items, Native children in your classroom would not see themselves reflected in the materials you're using.
It's not often that we have a completely free weekend with no commitments at all.
come at random. Some of God's favorite ones
Then there are my Georgia friends. Before we moved here to Louisiana, that was our home for 5 years. I made a few good friends there, and even some GREAT friends. But the thing with that....the people who live there have lived there for years. Most of them forever. So, I moved in, and tried to figure out my place there. I did have some fun, great, sweet friends. But, once again, I moved. They didn't. Their lives remained the same, or worse, returned to life exactly the way it was before I came there. Like I never even was a part of their lives. Sure, there are the exchanged Christmas cards or "checking in" texts/facebook posts and promises of visits. But it's different. And unlike my hometown friends, there is no history. I don't know their "backstory" and they don't know mine. Nothing that creates that cement that friendships need to survive. So keeping up with these friends takes a lot work. From both parties. And sometimes life gets too busy to be able to put in that effort.
Jamie’s life has completely fallen apart. Finding her way back won’t be easy, but when her Dad gets himself into serious trouble, will Jamie be ready to rescue him, and maybe even forgive him?
Every year on my birthday, I visit the Neonatal Intensive Care Unit at the local hospital. I introduce myself to the worried parents of the sickly preemies and tell them how I was once a tiny baby in an incubator myself. You would never know it now. I am five-foot-ten, an honors student, and ran track and cross-country in high school. The parents tell me I give them hope. Visiting the NICU is my most treasured birthday tradition. It reminds me how incredibly blessed I am to be alive and healthy today.
The girls don't know it yet but we are planning to take them to see Despereaux tomorrow. Then on Saturday if everyone seems up for it, we may go to Natural Bridges State Beach to see the Monarch butterflies and then to the Santa Cruz Beach Boardwalk to ride the carousel and whatever other little kid rides they have. Should be a hoot!
In that way, by Nicole and Crystal are the classes of their respective shows. I was just hoping that things might get competitive, but it looks like both shows probably won't.
Back in February of 2009 DeLaughter began writing and demoing songs in Dallas. Karnats invited him out to Chicago in the hopes of improvising some new material together. Unbeknownst to DeLaughter though, his wife forwarded the demos to Karnats, who fell in love with what he heard. Upon arriving in Chicago, the two hammered out the details and the rest, as they say, is history. Their work yielded Preteen Zenith’s first album, Rubble Guts and BB Eye, due out May 29th on Good Records Recordings.
"i make gingerbread houses with boppy and poppy."
£300
In the meantime, here is some lovely Little Miss Muffet Stamps inspiration from our fabulous design team:
“You best modify your bad behavior”
Brads: MME and Paper Studio
The last ten minutes of our journey were spent in tears of laughter….myself, the little old lady, the tradie guy and my daughters…as the mad one managed to produce the most convincing fart noises outside of a curryhouse toilet block.
Even since my post early last week, I’ve started several that just fizzled out – I was unable to lift things out of the mundane.
He is Yahweh- Gmolah, the God of recompense. He promises to restore all things. He said ,“I will repay you for the years the locusts have eaten” (Joel 2:25). “He will wipe every tear from their eyes” (Rev 21:4) He has taken account of every tear and every hurt and he promises to make it all up. It has not gone unnoticed; the supreme, mighty and compassionate God has seen it all and promises to take it all away and bring good out of it. Just like He did with Joseph, He transforms everything to work for the good of those who love him.
2010.07.28 Iraq Karbala 16 37 Jihadis take down sixteen innocents in a rocket attack.
Freedom and constitutionalism don't disappear overnight. They are eroded by the rhetoric of intolerance, by ignorance and by apathy. Let us, as citizens, not be apathetic and speak up for the nation's founding document.
The military is under-reporting the number of times that Afghan soldiers and police open fire on American and other foreign troops.
Combine the ingredients in the bowl of a standing mixer and mix with a spoon till the ingredients are combined.
Another habit I'm trying to cultivate is to withhold judgment and "just do it."
Paul concluded, from the evidence compiled more than 130 years earlier, that Payne had gotten Roger’s pregnant, and on Sunday July, 25 1841, he ferried her off to Hoboken to have an abortion. While her mother and former fiancée were looking for Rogers, Rogers was recuperating from the abortion in a Hoboken inn. Payne then returned to Hoboken on Tuesday, July 27, to pick Rogers up and bring her back to New York City. When Rogers told Payne she was breaking off their relationship, Paul concluded Payne strangled her and dropped her body into the Hudson River. Paul also deduced from the circumstances that Rogers’ brief disappearance in 1838, was for the same reason; to have an abortion.
--Capital Paint & Decorating
I wish I’d known about blogging and all the challenges that are going on and the possibility of being on design teams much earlier. This is something I enjoy sooo much and wish I’d known about when I was younger and had more time for crafting.
Because the sting of losing a pregnancy is beyond words.
But I don’t want American, or other readers, to sweat the speed bumps. Those metaphorical sausages for example. They are sizzling because they are being fried. In a frying pan. Which Americans might call a griddle. They are not frankfurters being boiled in a saucepan. Their skins could explode at any minute. I hope that’s now perfectly clear.
I’m sitting at Chocolati in Seattle, working on photo stuff, of course. And I’ve decided it’s time to finally bite the bullet and take a crack at stock photography. While the goals of stock photography can be quite different from the goals of exploratory photography, which we’ve been demonstrating here on Photo Here Photo There, there are definitely some benefits to becoming successful in stock photography (i.e. making money, garnering more attention, practicing thematic photography…making money). I’ve been talking for quite some time about doing this…so now that I’m taking my work more seriously, I guess now is as good a time as any to give it a shot.
Real life included for us a Valentine's Day gift of head lice, and a month of frantic hair combing and massive amounts of laundry. We have a whole heck of a lot of hair, thanks to this mama's good genes.
Death Grips: The Money Store
Caulifower
For when at times I'm forced to
When I was young, I had a vision of how and where a lady writer would work. In a dark panelled room, with french windows hung with yellow patterned chintz and a desk, unaccountably in the middle of the room, with, naturally, not even a typewriter, let alone a computer (a what?). This owed a great deal to dear Dr Brewster’s surgery in a grand Edwardian house, where I was taken for the usual childhood ailments after the passing of even dearer Dr Patel, with his tiny shopfront surgery in Trinity Road. Gosh, we were ahead of our time.
We are neighbors, friends, lovers, and helpers.
Whole Life Insurance
As some of you know, my Small BInt has been unwell for many months. I'm the sole breadwinner and the sole carer, and these two are incompatible in times of illness. I'm also now the educator in the midst of GCSEs, which stretches the time budget to breaking point. That's why there hasn't been much on here recently - sorry, patient readers.
The concert also included some special guests, with Gabe Dixon on the keyboard (a seriously talented and spectacular pianist and singer), Matt Wertz, Ben Rector, Jason Eskridge, and Mallary Hope. It made for a hilarious and delightful night of entertainment. Way to go, Dave. Unfortunately, I don’t have any photos of the actual concert because it was against the rules. And I am a rule follower. Sorry.
Room checks are in less than an hour-ish....and I need to clean.
"So you can stop me? Or help?"
repossession and the tenants eviction.
Given the nature of the German U boat campaign in 1917 - it came close to starving Britain - I'm amazed there were any ships available to transport George Younger's beer. Especially to such distant colonial markets. And British breweries struggled to supply their pubs with something vaguely alcoholic.
about how megan's wish is to help the feed the homeless for christmas.
More’s not always better. Sure, it’s quite a thrill to land that gnarly jump or ride that killer wave, but there’s a point where raising the bar will eventually kill you. Sort of like with imperial IPAs – a bigger IBU doesn't usually translate as a better tasting beer.
Write a scene using purely dialogue. Nothing else is allowed ( no attributions, narration, description, scene setting etc).
Town Hall has a gift for composing gorgeous melodies that span a wide range of genres. While the group’s clear influences are indie-folk, there is a distinct country flavor as is evidenced on the Jenny Lewis-esque track “The Strongest of Hands.”
As a matter of fact, I even have some family members who would be saying that very thing. (and that is what I was raised to believe too.)
When we arrived in Austin, we stayed with our good friends Matt and Megan, and their twin babies, who recently moved out there from New York. (Remember their beautiful apartment back in New York?) Their new house was airy and bright, filled with cool midcentury modern furniture, including that rad coffee table, which I secretly wanted to pack in my suitcase and bring home.
I love it — I stare north up the Hudson River to astonishingly beautiful views, can enjoy all the things Manhattan has to offer and have a town so charming its main street has been featured in several films, like The Good Shepherd and The Preacher’s Wife and Mona Lisa Smile.
Weight: Still 201 :( No change, but haven’t gained anything either, so that’s good.
My only complaint is that Owl’s primary behavior issue isn’t specifically mentioned in there, possibly because it isn’t a real problem unless we let it become one:
I took this picture of workmen's shoes airing on a window sill sometime back in the early summer. No big deal. I do the same thing when my kids come home with sneakers that are particularly ripe or wet.
The wooden bowl contains: two farfalle onigiri, three pieces of shao mai, two boiled dumplings, three pieces of pan-fried meat patties with nori, two pan-seared mini peppers, one orange mini pepper, one deli meat flower, one cherry tomato, two pieces of pan-fried deli meat/asparagus/mayonnaise 'gyoza', a piece of strawberry and lettuce.
4-5 pounds $4.74
It made his teeth look really, really white.
1 tablespoon grated orange rind
Update 5/1: This is now fixed.
Sacred sexuality is the expression of sexual energy without wanting. This is the embodiment of life force. It is a co-creation with the Cosmic Intelligence and Nature. It can be expressed with the self through the fulfillment of one’s destiny. It is when the Divine is incarnate. It can also be expressed through self with self-sex. But this may lead to trickiness because the physical body, being the heaviest vibration of our entire being, also houses and triggers our deepest attachments and our most profound wants.
Posted on the Feast of St. Teresa of Avila, Virgin, a.D. MMXI
The morality of American women, fruit of a serious and religious upbringing, is protected further for other reasons.
Scotty’s Brewhouse Bloomington now has Triton Four Barrel Brown on tap! You can get a pint of this delicious brown ale every Thursday for $3.50!
EXTRA ENTRIES
Just because I haven't been around much lately does not mean this blog is going anywhere. Trust me, I intend to be around another 5 years. Yes, my dear muffins, I do intend to torture you with bad puns, bad photography, and too many geek references for a good long time.
Today's contestant of the new generation of garage rockers comes from our nations capital, Washington DC, and goes by the moniker, The Hall Monitors. You really have no reason to miss these guys since they play Thursday, March 19 7:00 p.m. @ Wave Rooftop (408 E 6th St). Do you really have a better band to see at 7PM? I can answer that, "no". You probably don't have a better 8, 9, or 10PM band to see than the Hall Monitors.
Nguiu is an Aboriginal community on the Tiwi Islands and was my daughter’s first teaching posting. The Tiwi people have a rich cultural heritage and their art work, carvings and fabrics are popular collectors’ items. There are all sorts of wonderful places to visit but you require a permit to go on the island (except on Grand Final day), so you need to take a tour or have family/friends on the island. The Tiwis were our first real exposure to Indigenous Australians in their own environment and we learnt so much from our daughter’s stay there. Not much use to my distant overseas readers, but maybe some of my Aussie geneabloggers will add a visit to the Tiwi Islands to their touring wish-list.
“Sometimes letting things go is an act of far greater power than defending or hanging on.”
The whole event is free to all. Happy Ending will be serving cupcake-themed cocktails too! I’m picturing lots of Vanilla Stoli and rainbow sprinkle rimmed martini glasses…
In a nutshell (a really big nutshell, mind you), here’s the pitch:
For details about Hextable Wine Society please contact the chairman, John Mesnard on 01322 862340 or email: john@mesnard.co.uk
Therefore, I need a new grading scheme and have recently found Standards-Based Grading (SBG). Basically, students are in control of their own grades, based on effort. If they happen to be the kind of kid who aces things the first time, they’re done (or can choose to do other/advanced topics). If they work their butts off to perfect materials, they can get there. I don’t expect a change in grading to suddenly excite them in my classroom, but I hope it could stop inhibiting them.
I'm sitting here right now enjoying the heavenly fudginess of a Berger cookie and as I bite into the 140 calories of absolute yumminess, I wonder just how much of a secret this Berger cookie is. I've lived in Maryland my entire life and I just recently was introduced to this delectable sweetness. I know there must be a lot of people in my previous situation, those poor unfortunates who've never met the Berger Cookie, and it is most decidedly my duty to educate those uninformed. The Berger cookie is as Baltimorian as Old Bay and if you live in Maryland and haven't had one yet...get your ass to the nearest Giant and get a pack. Seriously.
Victoria Justice, Cody Simpson, Madison Pettis and more were all on hand to celebrate Ashley’s big day. Ashley looks so pretty! Everyone looks really good and it looks like they all had a great time!
Note that I say good crackers, not crappy commercial crackers with lots of hydrogenated soybean oil or preservatives. Stonewall Kitchen makes my favorite store-bought cracker, but when I have time, I prefer to make them myself. The following recipe can be adapted to other fresh herbs and hard cheeses that may be lurking in your refrigerator. They are buttery, flavorful and worth the relatively small amount of time and effort involved.
In colder climates there is something important we can be doing. Since the trees and bushes have shed their leaves it's a good time to look at them and make notes of what needs pruning. You can look at the bare branches and determine if they look properly shaped. Keep a notebook and make sketches of what you want to do when it warms up. Keep in mind that large pine trees often do better if the lower branches are trimmed so they aren't touching the ground.
DR MAROON: ...the Smug Award for the Best Artwork.
10) Hummer by Smashing Pumpkins - from "Siamese Dream"
We had Cinnamon Bears, and Animal crackers, Circus Animal cookies, and Teddy Grahams as well as fruit, for the dips.
It need not be alcoholic, it's the thought that counts. Skully can drink enough for all of us combined.
Or imagine Simon & Schuster announcing The Shining Shines Again!, and ignoring Stephen King’s objections, saying, “As a publisher, we’d be remiss not to expand upon and explore these characters and their stories.”
Back: large pieced squares 15" 3 total (2 turquoise, 1 orange)
I can’t say it out in words
“The dolphins found dead on the coast of Lambayeque and Piura are long-beaked species (Delphinus capensis) and Burmeister’s porpoise (Phocoena spinipinnis).”
Roast cabbage for about 15 minutes, or until the side touching the pan is nicely browned. Then turn each wedge carefully and roast 10-15 minutes more, until the cabbage is nicely browned and cooked through with a bit of chewiness remaining. Serve hot, with additional lemon slices to squeeze lemon juice on at the table if desired.
To avoid premature disclosure, it may be advisable to provide that disclosure be made after filing a patent application or after first commercial use in the case of unpatented improvements. A delay in disclosure serves at least two purposes. One is to avoid loss of patent protection; another is to allow time to determine that an improvement is one that will be truly useful rather than one that will be abandoned after closer study of its value.
Leftover mac-n-cheese and grapes
Is this actually an ancient art form, which needs to be preserved, as part of our human heritage?
Since I was still in a bit of a daze it was just as well that by chance (ha - good planning for once) the bus stop for the X40 bus to Glenrothes was less than a minute from the Feuars Arms. The route we took was perhaps not the most direct to Glenrothes Bus Station but it was only just over 20 minutes before I was walking around the outside of the Kingdom Shopping Centre to the Rothes Halls and the Glenrothes Beer Festival.
Afterwards, I pondered upon that label "country of killers". I wondered if that might be how citizens of some other less fortunate nations might view the British given our involvement in Iraq, The Falkland Islands, Libya and Afghanistan for example. For decades, Britain has been America's number one ally in "policing" many of the world's trouble-spots. Adonis's insult made me wonder how many others stand on the sidelines of world affairs and think of Great Britain as a "country of killers".
It would be a great Christmas gift for some young child and you’ll be helping to stop child trafficking with every word.
Thank the person and/or blog for the nomination!…Check!
In the heat of the Summer, I like to have a Pilsner on hand. My favorite version of Pilsner is the Northern German style, with the higher hops content. When brewing, you've got to include German Noble hops and higher-sulphate water (than the other Pilsener or Pilsener styles) to pull-it off right. It should be as crisp-tasting as biting into a Granny Smith apple, with a refreshing lingering bitterness. Yummy and refreshing.
“Sometimes you can still catch me dancing in it.”
you know something? life is real. blogging can sometimes make life out to be very unrealistic. we bloggers struggle with this, yes? it is so easy to make our lives seem glamorous, amazing, perfect and lovely all year round. all month round. all everything round.
But, I always think it's interesting getting to learn more about the folks behind the blogs, so I thought I'd at least do that much!
That caught her off guard. She was prone to a glass of wine or a pint of ale from time to time, but only amongst friends, never with intimidating strangers.
Since people show value, friendship, and kindness through gifts, it’s an occasion for hurt feelings if I try to get rid of something someone gave me; friends and family members take it as a personal rejection. When I try to express that there’s nothing wrong and that I just genuinely don’t want things, then people become concerned that I’m depressed, suicidal, or eliminating possessions for some other dire reason.
5. Reading about spirituality and matters of metaphysical nature can be fascinating and uplifting indeed, but it isn’t necessary for soul evolvement. The same is so about attending classes or workshops that provide glimpses into the arcane, having a guru or mentor help you understand life’s mysteries, or following enlightenment offered by the “Masters” — the quotation marks are because these highly evolved souls don’t call themselves that. Spiritual growth is each one’s personal experience of living from the heart — that seat of the soul, core of physical viability, and center of Self that sends forth and receives love. Simply, BEing love is soul evolvement.
Ok, well, I'm off to bed now. Don't want to waste too much of this precious time that I could be spending in sleep!
Everyday I'm surprised at the amount of support and the amount of media coverage and the fact that Steven Moffat agrees really makes me happy. What Steven said in Doctor Who Magazine really answers your first question, he's hit the nail on the head.
Accessories: SU Square Lattice & Seeing Spots EF's, Oval & Oval Scallop Nestibilities, Pretty in Pink 1/8 Taffeta Ribbon, Basic Pearls, Hot Glue, Scor Tape
Gilmour makes the transition from someone beyond repair to come back to life, only to head straight – to the shining sun in his epic track “coming back to life”. Many would treat it as a weakness without trying to comprehend, without taking the prospective of the other, coupled with the self. When you lose something very close to you, is it possible to go to life as it was before you shared your existence with it? Shutting down the book and try climbing the ladder to the next chapter might be termed as closure, but what happens when even closure isn’t enough?
I thought I'd scoop the peeps at I-Love-Beer to talk about some exciting news here in Austin. According to the Southwest Brewing news, 2 new brewpubs are slated to open in Austin by the end of the year. This is great news considering Austin was nearly down to 2 brewpubs this year before Lovejoys was rescued.
And neglecting the cat until he died of heartworm
Don’t just take my word for it – below is great article from CNN Money.
Sadly, this story happened so long ago that none of the original audio is on the internet anymore. The best I could find a shortened youtube clip. But I did manage to find an article with almost everything the guy said. Click here for a more detailed look if you’re so inclined.
Survivors at Youth With a Mission (YWAM) in Arvada are also moving past the tragedy and placing trust in God. “Lord, we don’t know why two of our dear friends died in this hallway. But although we don’t understand why, we trust you,” prayed Peter Warren, director of the Denver chapter of Youth With a Mission.
As I stopped and collected myself, I felt close to tears. This was my idea. The Mountain climb, the practice walk, the whole shooting match. And here I am, puffed out and wanting to turn back. I really felt as If I couldn’t do it and maybe I should turn back. Instead of re-setting the pace, taking my time, I just felt like I’d let down the group and I wasn’t living up to expectation.
Yet another sculpture inspired me to write Grandmother Tree. She haunted me for a long time before she came to life. Finally she emerged from the clay much like her predecessors. But this time, roots began to twist themselves around her base and in and around her hair. She begged for moss and tree lichen, for walnut halves, for raindrops. Her story came to me piece by piece as each bit of nature was added to her.
Thanks for stopping by, I hope you have enjoyed your visit.
I wholeheartedly agree that it would be madness to go back to the political policies of the 1960’s. It would not only put us back 50-odd years, but it will also cause certain members of the UN synagogue to experience mild heart attacks, while they decide how many troops should be deployed in the country.
uh oh
However a lot is packed into a small space. The shed can house (comfortably) 12 hedgehogs but there have been times when it's housed 16. This meant I had to prepare meals on the floor, as the work surface was covered by pet carriers housing hoglets.
Step 3: Ask my husband if he felt like a snack. He did not.
So, let us deal with the suspicions about Mrs Super-Datin Abdul Rahman and confirm who is the real shareholder of Eastbourne Corporation Berhad.
If you like your love stories with a twist I recommend you read this!
Now Suta may have tested the sages, or the sages anticipated such. One test Suta might have posed is, “What do you mean, how can hearing about some person be beneficial for humanity?”
Pure + Simple was originally to be a place that consumers could shop with the assurance that none of our beauty products contained toxic chemicals and synthetic ingredients. But as we evolved we saw that healthy, holistic beauty is much more than chemical-free skincare, it also involves addressing your internal health and balancing your constitution.
“The music industry, we all know,” he told me yesterday, “is evil, evil, evil.”
I do so love it when TV people read the same books as me.
Have a safe and wonderful New Year!!
The orchestra was re-launched, attracting a lot of publicity, and even a documentary about the orchestra touring NSW on board the historic 3801 steam locomotive. This was the start of a new phase of the orchestra program - the annual tour.
George Harrison: I call it "Arthur."
Even if you don’t care about ghosts or anything like that, this show is so worth it to watch. So I salute you Zak Bagans, may you someday truly punch a ghost in the face. I’ll leave you with this clip
As we have all been warned be careful what you wish for, I was so desperate for a vampire sneak peek and now I have to say I am disappointed with where it seems to be going. Oh fear not my fellow addicts I will still be watching … I am still obsessively counting down the days, watching old episodes, and scouring the net for new spoilers, but I feel the snark level rising….. like a starving newborn babyvamp forced to drink Tru Blood ……
Neill, I'm a child of the 90's. Don't get me wrong, I loved the 80's, lots of fond memories, and the decade that contains most of my favorite films. My aesthetic though, totally 90's. You can tell because of the 'Danger: Gasoline' lettering on the above skull..helmet...lawnmower...thing.
04. Neighbourhood #2 (Laika)
The Dummies lurk everywhere: the grocery store, the Interstate, Chipotle. They're easy to see, though, because they're always in line. This irks Al. Al has a life motto:
Although Chong has admitted he had gone to a friend’s house to commemorate “4/20,” an unofficial observance celebrating recreational marijuana use, he was not charged with a narcotics offense. Through its prohibition enforcement action, DEA managed to create conditions in which Chong ingested substances much worse for him than marijuana. Left for several days without food or water to sustain him, Chong made a futile attempt to trigger an overhead fire sprinkler, and then eventually drank his own urine. Tormented by the insistent protests of an empty stomach, he consumed a small amount of a white, powdery substance that
Of course they are exactly where I want them. Paid for and loaded. I needed help. Help the other seven gave to me that I am so thankful to have. I had no room to care about how the groceries were loaded into the back of the van.
Though Namecheap doesn’t know where the transfers originated , they ended the day with 27,200 transfers, giving them more than 77,000 inbound transfers since they announced their anti-SOPA stance on Dec. 22, a company spokeswoman Tamar Weinberg said in an email.
GOD SETS THE LONELY IN FAMILIES.
No, I haven't been breeding----well, nothing productive---well, not that I know of.
If we were to sit in prayer and ask God to allow us to feel what He does imagine how that would feel. I feel like if I sat and prayed and asked to see my sin and the worlds there is no way I could look God in the eye. He deserves perfection, something none of us can achieve, but something most of us aren’t even trying for.
Less work. You want a publisher to take care of things like promotion, editing, and cover art.
My definition of courage is nothing more than taking one step more than you think you can. It has nothing to do with feeling or not feeling fear, with doing great deeds (though sometimes courage accomplishes great deeds), or with conquering life-and-death situations (though in such situations it is certainly helpful.)
Using a DSLR instead of my normal point and click, you can see the multi shimmer embedded in the shadows in the picture below, I think this is what gives the colours more complexity.
Depending on light and viewing angle, the lenses appear “lit up”. There are no lights incorporated, only lenses that manipulate the room light. The lenses are in different conditions as the light in the room changes or as a viewer moves near the painting. The overall effect is of lines and regions of light flickering in and out and moving in the piece.
My eyes are open, seeking Him in Spirit through these days of celebrating His coming long ago.
When we stop trying to figure out how to be human, we will again remember our inherent humanness. While it may put a dent in several new industries, and reduce the need for so much new information, in fact, “being human” is an item that we can safely remove from the current “to do” list. We do not need a roll-out strategy, strategic plan or search engine optimization expert to teach us how to be alive, how to make what already is exist. The only thing that we need to do is to throw out the manuals and all those who tell us that we need them in order to be who we are.
First mooted early last year, this ideology, championed by Maurice Glasman in a recent Guardian interview, seeks to break Labour’s strong recent association with neoliberalism and globalisation, recognises that this approach left what New Labour called ‘communities’ feeling like strangers in their own home thanks to the rampant march of international capital and the false idol of ‘progress’ and recognising the inherent value of institutions both of and to our nation.
Over the holidays my mom and I went to the thrift store and she bought us some
I love you so much baby girl. I'm sorry I didn't get to tell you about your birthday yet. Mommy is just holding on and doesn't want it to be over. Your birthday doesn't really matter to me anyway - you are the most special thing in my life no matter what day it is. I think about you every single day and every single minute. You are still my baby. My first baby, forever, and nothing can change that. I will always tell people about you and how special you are, how beautiful you are, how much Mommy wanted you, even if it breaks my heart to speak of you without being able to hold you. I love you so much baby. My life has changed so much. It will never be the same without my baby girl. I'm so sorry I didn't get to tell you that in person. I'm so sorry you never got to feel my kisses from the outside. I will just hold on to the hope that you never ever feel the agonizing pain I'm feeling without you.
Please know that this is hard for me to put out there. I just don’t talk about it much to anyone, family or friends. But I feel so strongly about this blogging community we have. There have been several times over the past few years that many of you have reached out to me and have shown such kindness of heart and words of encouragement that I feel comfortable sharing our deepest longings and desires with you all.
I wish tonight's show had been 2 hours, so we could see more of the good singers.
c.Oprah Winfrey
That's okay - only those of us who worked
Fully two-thirds of the episodes I’ve seen have ended with Sookie staring in horror at a fresh corpse. I must admit, it would be kind of awesome if that ratio sticks around.
Channeling a man renowned for his depravity, Michael Shannon is a supercharged scumbag as Kim Fowley, the face painting producer and the self-appointed "Mayor of the Sunset Strip." Spouting lines of dialogue that featured a heavy emphasis on words like, "cock" and "orgasm," Michael seemed to revel in the unwholesome temperament of his studded dog collar-wearing character. Call me a sick twist, but a small part of him must have enjoyed yelling motivational obscenities at Dakota and Kristen; you can just see the joy on his face.
Two Songs
BTJA members will serve on one of four Nominating Committees – Comedy, Drama, Movies/Miniseries or Reality/Animation. These committees will begin consideration on May 1. Each committee will render its recommendations on June 1. The Critics’ Choice Television Awards nominees will publicly be announced on June 5. The Most Exciting New Series will be announced June 11. Final voting in all other categories will take place June 14 – June 16. Winners will be announced at the Critics’ Choice Television Awards dinner on June 18.
I hope this survival guide helps some of you through the football season (or with whatever your "thing" is). Go Bills!!
Not so much a case of teaching Granny to suck eggs, I'd say, but of teaching Granny to suck eggs when you don't even know what eggs are...
Cranium in place directs everything it takes.
After the service we got cake, which was excellent. Gave us something to eat whilst waiting for the photographer to finish with the bride and groom. And it was chocolate cake, which was even better. I'm not a fan of fruit cake, I much prefer chocolate. Not so heavy and tastes great. I don't think I've ever tasted a chocolate cake that didn't taste good.
So instead of taking the time to do something about poor grammar—like offer a lesson—I am just going to complain about it. (And let’s face it: it wouldn’t be the first time.)
YA is hot.
Yesterday was a generally sad and depressing day anyway, beginning with the news that John's beloved Mabel was no longer a slobbering, farting presence in Blogtopia, and no sooner had I read that than I picked up the catalogue for the sale of the paintings and chattels of the recently deceased British painter, Craigie Aitchison.
Last Registration/Report Date: 07/18/2011
So, this is me saying, BOYS THERE ARE YA BOOKS THAT CATER TO YOU. READ THEM, OKAY? OKAY?
That you should be expelled through verse,
I know it's just a fucking cigarette lighter. But it meant a lot to me. It was like he was giving me his life. His legacy.
country. The Cobra APCs are not up
What are the bets that this fuck is secretly very pleased that the terrorists got her. Logical explanation, my dear Watson.
I had great response on Mr.Goodegg,I am glad to know there is alot of goodegg’s out there,it restores my faith in mankind.
It has oil heating (we wanted gas) has most of it's garden to the side (I wanted a private, rear garden) has a stream running across the bottom of the rear part of the garden (DH has a phobia about living near water in case of flooding) and is much bigger than we need AND WE LOVE IT!
In the market defined as quality built 1 story homes less than 20 years old, between 1,800 and 2,700 sq. ft. finished above grade living area on lots between 5 and 40 acres. curent list prices range from $545,000 to $1,100,000. The average list price is $733,435 and the median list price is $725,000. Sales ranged between $512,000 and $945,000. The average sale price was $697,892 and the median sale price was 697,500. There is 14 months of inventory. The odds of selling a home in this market in the 1st month is 7%.
After a couple of hours of climbing, I reached the summit....
I can’t tell you how much I’m going to miss this show.
I have a world to create, as well as creatures, religions and, of course, the characters.
I go back and forth having it...
Enoch walked with God . . . —Genesis 5:24
But I always get stage frights
“The eleven disciples went to Galilee, to the mountain to which Jesus had ordered them. When they saw him, they worshiped, but they doubted. Then Jesus approached and said to them, ‘All power in heaven and on earth has been given to me. Go, therefore, and make disciples of all nations, baptizing them in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Spirit, teaching them to observe all that I have commanded you. And behold, I am with you always, until the end of the age.’” (Matthew 28:16-20)
Beer Log: March 26, 2009
You don't have to dig very deep to find examples of awful companies (think banks, telecom, airlines, food) whose reputations among consumers are abysmal, but whose size has allowed them to dominate media and consequently dominate marketing in their categories.
A Consideration of Muslim Immigration into the UK: Part Three
It seemed both of them are out of words. Its 4am and the train stops at Mughalsarai junction. Pratyush gets down and comes back with two kulhadd of tea in his hand.
When in my youth I had an unpleasant, but brief, spell working at the ice factory on the Hull Fish Dock, a couple of the old chaps working there wore clogs, but theirs had, instead of rubber soles, iron ‘horse-shoes’ nailed on them. They really clanked about as they moved the blocks of ice around the steel floor of the place.
There's a dried fig sweetness there too, which is so cleverly pitched that I deemed it worthy of a paragraph all of it's own.
"Please don't ask."
A few metres away a red-furred racoon snuffles about by a large tree root, while another monkey sits down and starts ruffling through the hair of one of the many friendly dogs on site, as it lazily acquiesces.
Perseverance must finish its work
Room to change his mind
1 can (10 3/4 ounces) Campbell's Condensed Creamy Tomato Ranchero Soup
a collection of 5 BB (uh huh, that one) brushes.
Tombow multi purpose adhesive (#110755, $3.95)
A party spokesman played down any chance of repeating the successes of 2008, telling the BBC:
Bendtner has talked about his dissatisfaction of staying on the bench and his manager has told everyone that he’ll sit down with the striker and discuss the issue. The last Arsenal striker that grumbled about his future was Eduardo. AW said the same thing he’s saying to B52 now but we all know that Eduardo currently plies his trade in Ukraine. Let’s just hope that AW coaxes Bendtner to stay because even though he may be loud mouthed and cocky, he still has some potential in him. Besides he’s very young; we wouldn’t want to let go off him right now.
But there's more old drunks than there are old doctors
I will try and get back later today with a few layouts that I’ve been working on for a few other challenges.
On the tongue - A glittering example of an English Ale . Sharp, bitter, with subtle but dazzling complexity.
I plan on increasing my speed this week to make it no less than 3.5 miles a run. With the schedule coming up on campus over the next two weeks, I'm sure to need a lil push. Now I'm hungry again, off to grab a bite to eat before finishing up this seminar presentation and guest lecture!
Although he loved Keely and Steve he was really my dog. When the weather was good he would run errands with me. He loved riding in the car. When the weather was warm and we took the top off the Wrangler he was in heaven.
I told him to "leave it" and he seemed to listen to me. He sat, pouting, at the edge of the lawn staring at a snail climbing up the brick garden wall. He even went over to check it out and left it alone. Since it appeared that he got the message to leave the snails alone I went inside to get ready for work. When I came back outside he again greeted me with a snail in his mouth and a dirty beard.
Lea and Grace already share a special bond. They were both micro-preemies, and they share the same fighting spirit and undeniable strength. Grace spent hours today holding Lea, singing to her and gushing over how cute she is! Lea is so lucky to have Grace in her life. She will definitely serve as a wonderful role model down the road - and a GREAT babysitter too! ;)
“To the sorcerer, the hexagram is a powerful tool to invoke Satan.” In fact, the word “hex” — as to put a “hex” or “curse” on people — comes from this word.
Paul had become a servant to that shipload of men. We learned earlier that he was a “servant of Jesus Christ” (Romans 1:1). He also used that title in Philippians 1:1 and Titus 1:1. A servant carries on the work that is assigned him. Paul was doing that as he served man and also served the living God. We are also servants of Jesus Christ, to do the will of the father. We cannot just sit back and do night but we must be physically active in the work of the Lord.
But I had seen the tears in her eyes, too, and so halfway down the block, I yelled at myself inside my head for being an asshole and went back. I had $30 in my wallet and gave it to her.
· Installing pedestrian bulb-outs at the Degraw Street and Columbia Street intersection to alert all vehicles of the narrower street geometry on Columbia Street south of DeGraw Street. This will have the added advantage of signaling to trucks that the truck route does not continue on Columbia Street south of DeGraw Street once the designated truck route is back in service.
Given those options, I can say just one thing:
So what is UbiSoft going to do to win over WiiU owners this fall? Well alongside Ghost Recon Online it appears that UbiSoft is moving to counter the recent wave of MMO’s. UbiSoft will literally be putting U in the WiiU placing you in what ever mythical kingdom they cook up.
Now another guy—this was really interesting—this was a good Southern boy from Arkansas—and he e-mailed me and he told me a story and said, “I haven’t told anybody outside the family this story, but I heard you talking about the ghost lights on Bragg Road, the Ghost Road, and I grew up not two miles from the Gurdon Lights in Arkansas.” And these lights have been “Unsolved Mysteries” and some of these other shows. And his family had a hunting lease no more than two miles from where the Gurdon Lights appear.
Of course, that was before the blasted CIA-sponsored coup that removed Ghana's first president Dr.Kwame Nkrumah from power took place in 1966.
Well he’d never been to church before
“Air shows aren't known for making money, but at least you have to be able to break even,” Rohrer said. “We'll only do what's prudent and rational from a fiscal point of view,” he added.
ALL CELLPHONES are many things and it also explains WHY they added all these so-called neat features in the 21st century.
In a few days, my family is moving from a small town in northern Idaho to a much larger city in the western United States.
Tiny fairies. Huge adventure.
First just let me say...I'm sorry that I am late for my own party...been sick since Friday...so this old gal is moving really slow...if you are over 50...then you know what I mean. Last week I told you that I would share with you a new THRIFTY purchase that I made for my kitchen...so I'm keeping my word. With this said...what was my purchase? It's a bamboo kitchen island with a stainless top on it. I have been looking for just the right island and I'm so glad that I didn't settle for just any island...it's always best to wait for the perfect one and this one has everything that I was looking for. I had a price range that I was willing to pay for this piece and I wanted plenty of storage space (this was the main reason I wanted to add one to my kitchen)...this baby had it all and more. This was the last one in the store, so it was their floor sample...they discount their samples by 20%...yes NIFTY THRIFTY LINDA got an awesome deal and that made her one happy gal! Now I also have another treasure to share with y'all this week...it's a 3 gallon MASON JAR (no lid)...price...FREE!!!! Yes...lucky me got this goodie for FREE...I do have a problem concerning this item...just what do I do with it? I have a few ideas, but I would love to hear what all of y'all think...so get creative and help this old gal out. Okay now who is the WINNER of that darling APRON that Becky over at CLASSY SASSY COUTURE donated for last weeks giveaway...she is...Donna and her blog is SUGAR, SPICE AND SOUTHERN LIFE...congrats Donna!!! We will all be over for dinner on Friday...I guess that will be okay...just let us know what time dinner will be served..he he!!! Now I want to see what you have been up to and ladies go visit around with other participants, after all you are at a PARTY!!!!
I agree, Pam! I don't own a camel coat (camel doesn't look good near my face), but I can definitely re-work this with boots and a camel skirt.
Serves 3 – 4.
roll over my head
When was the last time we saw consistent big plays down the field to a big wide receiver? Eric Moulds? Ok. So Terrell Owens provided a small cure here and there, but he didn’t get the job done with all his hype.
Mon. – Sat. 11 AM – 4 PM Thurs – 11AM – 8 PM
I had time to enter one more challenge. Make a card using the color blue, something round with at least 3 layers or 3 different papers.
I have heard about some Optifast plans or other medically-managed meal replacement programs where there is a list of free or allowable foods in addition to the meal-replacement products. I’ve certainly had people ask me, during the product-only phase, “Well, but you are still allowed vegetables, right? Some asparagus won’t hurt you! You can still eat salads, surely?” Certainly other diets (Weight Watchers, Jenny Craig, etc.) have the concept of foods that you can include in your diet without counting or tracking. For our Kaiser Optifast program, that is not the case. (Although I know someone doing Optifast in Australia who gets broth, and 2 cups of vegetables a day…)
I have my doubts. It IS feasible to privatize the mortgage system. But is there the will? That is, will we “take the pain” for a few years or is the entitlement culture so pervasive that politicians can’t bear pain?
Hello friends and family!!! I was hoping to get some crafting finished over the weekend but.... Today is my BIRTHDAY!!! I spent all Friday running around in order to prepare for my get together on Saturday. Sunday, the family and I were invited to a friend's house for dinner. Today, I've been home all day watching movies. DVR is a beautiful thing because I never get to watch movies on a regular basis.
Then, as if it was 'my turn' I've been hit by the worst cold I've had in years - I won't go into the gory details but it laid me low enough to only be able to cope with daytime TV; yes it was as bad as all that. So was daytime TV! Still, I think I could tackle renovating a narrow boat, and I've never been near one so you can tell how long that programme went on for.
Whisk the flour, baking powder, and salt together in a large bowl.
This isn’t just a Colorado problem. Already, similar proposals are popping up in various states. And with Tim Gill and his cadre of mega-donors pumping millions into state legislative races, the same menacing threat may soon be coming to a bathroom near you.
Yes, the Blood Bowl team came with numerical and runic decals but when I went to apply them they really wouldn't stick no matter what technique I used. When in doubt, hand paint. I don't have a lot of trouble detailing small things like numbers, letters or designs, so painting these wasn't that troublesome or time consuming. Unless I've had a cup of coffee, then we've got some trouble. Caffeine + Allison = :-(
Forgive me for these pics – it was pitch black at 5 p.m. and I was busting booty to get this finished today…but the pictures didn’t start till about 7. :)
It feels good to be back.
Yes, this is Brooklyn.
David A. Defeo, 37, New York, N.Y.
Along with two other co-plaintiffs, Jester King is challenging the TABC Code requirements regarding the content and wording contained on beer labels, such as the arbitrary "ale" or "malt liquor" legal designations and prohibited terms that may reflect alcoholic strength. Such unnecessary requirements have long been problematic for out-of-state breweries seeking label approval for their products to be sold in Texas.
Grover Lavernder – Fiddle
- 1 Dove Damage Therapy hairspray
I understand if you can’t get behind Romney (well actually I can’t in this particular case, but as I would not vote for Santorum if he were the nominee I’m not going to say you must vote for Romney or work to get him elected if he were the nominee…although my anti-Santorum stance is based on reason, facts, and patriotism…your anti-Romney bias is based on what again? Lunacy? Anyway…) . But even if you don’t like Romney pouting helps no one. Civic duty requires that you participate actively in government in any way you can.
I mean, we don't believe in, like, spankings. Or like when I was a kid I used to get hot sauce in my mouth when I had a smart mouth or something like that... But with my daughter, we don't obviously do any of that, we give her time-outs...
That is Predeterminism and Causality. The idea that nothing in this universe has ever occurred without first a cause preceding it, and those causes are themselves the effects of causes that preceded them, all the way until the very beginning. This even puts the idea of free will under strain (or at least the common perception of it) since if everything that ever occurs is a result of a preceding cause and so on, then I’ve never chosen to do anything under my own volition ever. Why am I writing this? Because I downloaded this show. Why did I download it? Because I enjoy anime. Why do I enjoy it? Because I’ve enjoyed animation since I was a child. Why? My parents purchased animated VHS tapes for me. Why? Because it was an easy way to occupy my time for two working parents.
I went pottery painting last week - it's a lovely way of passing an afternoon. There is a small and friendly farm shop near my home, where I'm now something of a regular. They set me up with my little table and my paint and brushes, supplied me with some marmalade on toast (an excellent source of energy when painting), and away I went. I have taken photos of my finished items, but they're a present for someone, so I shan't post the pics until the present has been given, just in case I spoil the surprise! I met and chatted with some nice people during the course of my afternoon, as when folk pop in for a cup of tea, they invariably wander over to take a look at what you're working on and conversations ensue. One lady I spoke to was a self-confessed Bloomsbury addict and we had a great chat about Vanessa Bell and Virgina Woolf, and it made me keen to get back to Charlston Farmhouse, which, if you haven't been, is a truly inspiring place.
“Y’ha-nthlei”
I am simply just savoring the pristine and snowy slopes, fairytale surroundings and everything else that is part of a great skiing vacation, all in a perfect company.
June Rall and Luci Mello, Indian River State College
Novelty is one thing, but the muslin walls are a major problem.
“No, I’ve brought you pictures,” he said as his face closed up and he pulled away.
Records — Pearl River 8-2; East Ramapo 0-6.
A lingering fear of mine was confirmed last night: My dog might be slightly retarded.
I thoroughly enjoyed reading this last installment in the Eve Duncan series and being reintroduced to a literary character that I like a lot. I'm sure it would be nice to have read all the books in order but this book could easily be enjoyed as a stand alone. I liked this book so well that I want to pass it along to a fellow reader. If you like mystery/suspense books and would like to win an advanced reader copy of In Chasing the Night, leave a comment and a way for me to contact you when you win the drawing. I will draw a name on Monday, Feb 21 - One week from today.
(wikipedia.com)
"Well . . ." I thought about it and suddenly remembered why I broke up with the guy! "Maybe there is a reason."
is a one-night stand
· More often than not, Irish people (by that, I mean people born and raised in Ireland) couldn't give a rat's arse what town your great-great-great-great-great-great-great-great-great-great-grandfather left during the Potato Famine.
And after fifteen(ish) years of reading and re-reading a book over and over again, of practically knowing it by heart, of knowing what happens and what comes next, I still find myself staying up all night, turning the pages as quickly as my eyes and fingers will let me. And how many books can you say take your breath away and quicken your heartbeat, and capture your imagination every time, just as much as the first time?
Losing CDs will have some benefits, such as saving physical space, and not having all that plastic produced, I’m not against that. So whilst losing CD in the long run is not necessarily a bad thing, right now it is. The reason is digital formats, like MP3 or AAC, or similar, are good but not good enough. There is too much compression, it loses some of the finer details. It might not be noticeable to some people but compare it to a CD version on a half decent player and you can tell the difference. This could be helped by simply having better digital files. This is something that could be done, the files on a CD are digital files, they are just larger in file size (i.e. with more detail) than the formats mentioned above. I could do this now. However, the other side of the coin with doing this, is that file sizes are larger. People would therefore need more storage space on computers, or iPods. You would also want online stores like Amazon or iTunes to support it. You might be able to see where I’m going with this. Sooner or later, someone will see this as the next way of selling music, and the same music to us yet again. There will be improved file quality, Apple and co will therefore introduce “new” larger capacity technology to handle it. Everything will be ok. Well it will if this happens before CD dies. I have no wish to buy digital format only only to find out that some bright spark introduces a better quality version a few years later. Unless they are planning to replace the old one for free of course.
Fair enough; off I went with my beer.
I maybe should have
Another sketch that is just too much, I kind of feel like the line of flowers on the bottom was barfed on there. I'm not really feeling those colors together much either...I want to like them but this card is just NOT where it's at.
Is your heart divided when it comes to loving God with your whole heart?
Police did not arrest Zimmerman after the February 26 because he cited Florida’s so-called ‘Stand Your Ground’ law, which does not require residents to retreat and allows them to defend themselves when they have reasonable belief that they will be killed or severely injured.
Freder is overcome. Perhaps he needs religious imagery to describe this scene, and what it means? You get the sense the citizens of Metropolis need something religious, even ecstatic in their lives; not because religion has disappeared (there is a great cathedral in the city); but because it no longer has teeth (the cathedral’s walls are crumbling). Freder sees oppression and thinks of gods; farther down, in the catacombs, Maria preaches Bible stories to the workers, exhorting them to fight for their rights but resist revolution. These people need something to inpire them. Even Joh Fredersen, in his own way, is looking for something more.
I have done an exceptionally poor job at that in the past. Maybe I’m actually starting to grasp this “letting go” stuff after all. And maybe this is the silver lining.
These are not conversations I enjoy having, but he seemed satisfied with the answer.
Evening hunnies i do hope all you moms out they had a spoit rotton day my post a little late due to visitors my darling daughter becky,,and nope recieved no flowers but a spoty Cardigan & key charm with love you nan from my grandson which is the cutest..and its so cute so the kids did good bless them and super cards and flowers from other two sons ..had a call from a lady who wanted flowers ..flowers and more flowers in blue/pink..easy peesy or so i thought..so after much ado this is the card for her gran..she loves cute things and collect little dolls and thought the image a cutie one i had another play with my new copics...not as easy as i thought lol!! its a art in its self with the colors blending but gave it my best shot and took ages to colour even though shes not that big..so here she is my stamp from LOTV ..flowers..lace..twine from http://www.ribbongirl.co.uk/catalog/and http://www.wildorchidcrafts.com/..papers from Hobbicraft ..the pin i made myself but had a woopsie moment..my glue gun decided to drop a lump on the side and had finished my lay out,,**OH DEAR** and as not to wreck my card i found a button or two and added them over the **WOOPSIE** bit ,,so now i can enter her into a comp which as to have buttons so perhaps my *woopsie moment ..paid off lol!! i quite like the card and hope she does i did rather allot of matting and layering too..i just hope she likes it
a new start
MOD is incomparable. We’ve known each other since we were at school and with the distance, dating is definitely not what I’d describe our ‘relationship’ as.
While going through Facebook tonight, I ran across the following story posted by one of my Getting Cricky Teammates profiles. Thanks Christel from Scrappin' Sista for posting.
The lip balm… At first glance, I loved its pearly color and it even smelled great, like passionfruit. But the more I used it the more my lips begged for moisture. It was good if I didn’t have any kind of product at all, as a last resort product but even then I rarely wanted to use it. The other con I have about this is that it is soooo sticky, I can’t handle a lot of stickiness, I know this makes it last longer but ahhh! It was such a pain just to get off! If it weren’t for the cute color or smell, I would completely hate this. Now I just dislike it and it sits in the corner of all my stuff taunting me to just throw it out… Sighhhh, I’m such a hoarder sometimes…
On a normal evening in every town and city you see young women collapse onto the pavement and often being attended by paramedics and stretchered away comatose or with cracked heads. Is this all our young women are worth? They walk up to cars waiting at traffic lights and ask for lifts and often just open the door and get in. You see them staggering around the streets at 2 to 4 am lobbing their boobs out to stop passing cars for lifts many get raped but do not remember properly.
I've used a base of pink bazzill and layered with white and some Bella Pink Passion DP. Through the middle I've punched a piece of white with Deco Fan border punch and topped with more Pink Passion DP. Over this I've added a piece of white satin ribbon and a pearl flourish. The oval panel is a piece of blending card cut with Small Oval Nestabilities and then stamped the rose flourishes at the top and bottom and coloured with Copics (RV55, G43). This has been framed with pink bazzill cut with Large Oval Nestabilities and white cut with Lacey Oval Nestabilities. Around this I've attached some ribbons. For the feature panel I've stamped the frame and sentiment from Vintage Rose Medallions in Memento Tuxedo Black onto X-press It Blending Card and coloured with Copics (RV00, RV52, RV55, G43). It's been cut out with Nested Medallion Labels Die and framed with pink bazzill cut with Lacey Circle Nestabilities and popped it up on High Tack Foam Tape and then popped the entire oval panel up on High Tack Foam Tape. To finish I've added a bow to the ribbon and a single pearl to three corners.
Derema’s mother had concocted the world’s very first real-life, miniaturized, haunted cyber-house.
Telecom tycoon who pounced on privatization of Mexico’s national telephone company in the 1990s becomes world’s richest person for the second time after coming in third place in 2009.
Us: Your next project sounds so amazing! It is great that your images are also helping save animals and their habitats. Thank you so much for taking time to talk to us and share your great stories!
Not at once, and in their time, not in Barley's. But she would come, he had no doubt. Maybe this year, maybe next, he said. But something inside the mountainous bureaucratic Russian belly would heave and give birth to a mouse of compassion. He had no doubt of it. It would be gradual but it would happen. They had promised him.
second special edition is scheduled for the fall."
· Heals holistically
The work of these mid-career artists generates enjoyment, lifetime learning opportunities and contributes to a vibrant culture for all Canadians.
3 Things That Won’t Help A Bit
Imagine all the people who have drunk here – not just Winston Churchill, Clement Attlee, Dwight D Eisenhower, Princess Margaret, Gary Cooper and other Hollywood stars who made a special pilgrimage, not just the long gone society of London ale conners who used to bless the new season’s ale here, not just the Thespians who staged Shakespeare plays in the inn-yard all the way up to the 1970s, or the ghost of the old landlady who haunts the upper floors. Imagine all the ordinary market traders, hop merchants, bear baiters, prostitutes from the nearby Southwark ‘stews’, clergymen, highwaymen, theatre goers, waggoners, gentlemen and rogues who’ve passed their time in this building. What did they eat? Drink? Wear? Talk about?
1/2 stalk celery, finely chopped
Each judge gives each image a mark between 2 and 5, with 2 obviously meaning very poor, and 5 the top mark they can give.
"For Sale: magic beans. Not for eating. May cause giants. One cow o.n.o."
My mom is not Lebanese.
That’s right, apparently sealing up the attic only resulted in the squirrels coming into the main part of the house. The first was yesterday during lunch. I walked around the corner to get Arthur Dent some water and saw a squirrel in the kitchen. I squealed, it squealed. I ran, it ran. Unfortunately for it, and us, it ran through the family dining room where we were eating and there was more squealing. The little guy ran into the sitting room and disappeared. We opened the front door and tried to find it to chase it out, but it was nowhere to be found. A half hour or so later, The International Man of Intrigue found it cowering in a window gate and helped it out the front door, like a proper visitor.
Some of the fortunate few are here because the cronies around you and in you had been here to help.
***pictures should be photo copies or magazine or card stock. It's Best to NOT use glossy photos.
Most of the perpetuals this year comes with a ‘dividend stopper’. This means that the issuer will not be able to pay any dividend to its shareholders unless it makes good on all the deferred coupon payments.
Check it out and enjoy a little weekend Zen...and don't forget the chocolate cake (there's a recipe in the back of the book)!
About The Majors Leadership Academy
What made you decide to write Nightspell as a companion novel to Mistwood instead of a sequel?
Crocodile Rock
I am so thankful to the Lord for my life. I look back on the days and years I spent wasting time; doing things that, now I know, grieved His heart. But, He never turned His back on me; He carried me. The whole way. He carried me even when He knew that I was self-destructing. He lifted me into His mighty arms and held me from danger and trial far too great for me to handle alone. The amazing part is that He did it so mercifully. He waited for His prodigal to return. He welcomed me home with opened arms.
On January 30, 2011 the governor of Illinois signed “The Religious Freedom Protection and Civil Union Act” into law, thereby enacting same-sex civil unions that are equal in rights and responsibilities to marriage in the state. While religious organizations who did social service work were specifically exempted from the non-discrimination elements of the law, the State of Illinois moved to cancel more than $30 million dollars worth of contracts with Catholic charities who worked with the state to provide foster care and adoption services because they would not pair children with same-sex couples. The state began sending referrals to other foster care agencies. The Catholic charities challenged the state in court and lost at both the circuit and appellate levels. They ultimately had to drop the case due to a lack of funds to appeal it further up the chain. The lack of state cooperation and funding will virtually ascertain the closure of these adoption agencies, which have more than 90 years of experience in this area.
Make sure to leave me your email address with at least one of your entries so I can email you if you win. If I cannot find your email address, I will mention that when I post the winner of the giveaway, and you'll have 48 hours to email me or another winner will be drawn.
As far as the rest of the attendees at football Sunday, there were mixed opinions on the stomach.
The foil not only made the cake stick to it, it also ripped and stuck to the piece I cut. I hope this qualifies as a layer cake! If I find the time and, more importantly, the inspiration, I will try a completely different, more traditional layer cake and submit that as well.
Title: “Go”
it drizzled the whole weekend and made for a cozy stitching day..and ME happily stitched my spring design..
1/2 teaspoon of vanilla (optional)
The desert rescues me at such times. It gives me sky and 360 degrees of horizon, and silence.
Second, questioning humanity isn’t something that was just brought on because of this book. I’ve always questioned humanity, always wondered why we do the things we do and what would happen if we did them differently. The characters in this book did whatever it took to survive. There were some pretty interesting questions that, while obvious to us in the year 2012, may not have been so obvious to someone in 1978, like stealing. There’s a scene when they first enter the mall and they start taking things they know they’re going to need and Fran asks why they’re taking things. In my mind I’m like “the whole world is dead and you’re worried about taking some linens and household items to survive with?” but to the innocent 1978 mind, there has never been an apocalypse and there has never been any reason to steal. So, in my understanding of the character’s mindset, I can see how doing whatever is necessary to survive might be a little scary, however appropriate it may be. Seeing people try to contain the situation by holing up somewhere and seeing them go through their daily lives is really interesting, especially since it hasn’t happened yet and we don’t know how one would react. I know that, for me, I’d probably last five minutes before I became one of the undead. Sad, but true.
It's been such an adventure moving to San Francisco, starting my new job downtown and adjusting to a new life here in the City...however, it's been hard to keep up with family and friends.
Life lately has been good. I think its been more than good, its been wonderful, perfect and an adventure. How it should be right? Despite not having any sun around here for awhile, I feel as if our spirits are still pretty high:) Today it got to me a bit but I chose not to dwell on those feelings, rather be greatful for the company that I got to spend time with today.
Game 2
Peru
by David Leppard
THIS IS NOTHING BUT SHITTY TITTILATION.
the part that's beyond geostationary orbit goes hurtling away while the lower third proceeds to impact the surface at hypersonic speeds, laying a visible equator mark, as if for a manufactured toy globe!
The BBC’s equally white-hating and racist ideologues-in-arms at the Guardian manage to write an article outlining Congo’s invitation to white South African farmers who wished to up sticks and farm there instead, without mentioning why they might wish to leave South Africa in the first place. The article then finished with a reference to the imminent “invasion” of Congo. How evil and racist must these “liberal” journalists be, that they can wilfully ignore an ongoing racial genocide and label those fleeing as invaders?
At its heart, the story is of a love triangle between Mary; her husband David whom she married young, pre-WW2, and found she didn't really know after the war years kept them apart; and Harry, David's friend and colleague. But the whole thing is set against an unforgettable backdrop - 1950s Kenya, and the beginnings of the Mau Mau uprising. That's not a period in history I knew a lot about, and I always love learning a bit more history from reading a novel. David, Harry and Mary are stationed in Kenya, living the colonial life with plenty of black servants at their beck and call - loyal servants now but some are beginning to violently turn on their white masters. Mary and David have two young daughters. The story is told in David's, Mary's and their daughter Eve's voices, and in places you get three versions of the same events. Everyone rewriting history, telling white lies, to suit themselves.
It is also clear from those verses that homosexuality is unnatural. Men and women were created, very obviously, to connect with one another in a particular way, and not with others of the same sex. One of the most obvious aspects of this is procreation. Men cannot procreate with other men, nor can women procreate with other women. If everyone were homosexual, lacking the medical technology we now have, humanity would have become extinct long ago. If this is how God views homosexuality, yet He loves homosexuals and calls Christians to do likewise, then how should Christians deal with homosexuals and the idea of homosexuality?
Being more thankful has made me see things in a different way. It has helped me to change my perspective (I think I may write about this tomorrow). Bad things are still bad, but they are not deal breakers of life or the soul. They are simply bad things that will pass. So, instead of stewing in sadness or anger, I try to find the bright side or even feel bad until the negativity passes. But, the funny thing is that even with the bad attitude and bad feelings that I may have at the time, I tend to still be happy. I have smiled more, laughed more, enjoyed more, appreciated more, complained less, criticized less, judged less, and cried less. So grateful for this shift in my heart.
Dr. Fineberg is a pro-vaccine globalist who even describes the 1976 swine flu vaccination fiasco which killed hundreds of Americans and damaged thousands from vaccine side effects a “qualified success” because it resulted in 40 million Americans being vaccinated. The way these vaccine pushers think, the more people get vaccinated, the better… no matter how many people die in the process. They literally do not seem to mind sacrificing the lives of innocent people as long as more vaccines can be injected into the masses.
Turns out I have a battery that might do well with the proposed solar panel system. It's a 33AH AGM deep cycle battery that I've had for a number of years. Old batteries, of course, don't last forever and lose their ability to deliver high currents. Now that I have a smart charger (runs on AC power) I thought I'd check it out more closely.
with the new Collective Bargaining Agreement signed by MLB and it's players, a few new things have come up on our baseball landscape.
Grated Parmesan
Whom would your ideal mentor be?
Mary Ann gained employment as a nurse at Sunderland Infirmary, where she met her second husband George Ward. They married on 28th August 1865. George continued to suffer greatly with ill health before he died in October 1866 of intestinal problems. The doctor attending his case confirmed that George was an ill man, but his sudden death was unexpected. Mary Ann collected the insurance money from her second husband's death.
THREE POEMS FROM CONFER
When I opened this email I was completely flattered to say the least. But also a bit nervous as I've never done anything like this before and I would just hate to hurt someone's feelings if I pointed out something that I didn't like but they loved.
For the average US$10 I paid for these (usual price around US$12, but some were discounted), they’re definitely worth the price! Physicians Formula is actually one of the drugstore brands in the US which I really enjoy browsing as I find their products to be of good quality and they’re usually quite affordable.
She had no care in the world. Every time I edged closer to her, she would run for a bit, turn around and glance at me with her tongue out, dramatically look away then speed off! As in? She was killing me. To be honest, I think she knew her way around, coz otherwise she would have ventured too far away and lost her bearing completely. And now this was me; chasing after her, whistling, clicking, snapping my fingers, doing whatever I could to get her attention. Sense of déjà vu? No? Okay.
Because I have only a few more spots to fill the first there will be something extra for each of those that take the open spots!!
Here’s a clay render (sans textures/maps) of the finished model.
Should've picked it up.
By a whisker this was the preferred style of Viognier – 90/100 points.
A Symposium with Sultan of Slime, Headpress editor David V. Kerekes…
“With all the BIG problems in the world – why would God care about me?”
Prize - £10.00 voucher for their store
The match itself had a great balance of momentum swings between Hogan and The Rock; each wrestler was kicking out of the other’s signature and finishing moves. In fact, in order to win the match, The Rock needed to deliver three Rock Bottoms and a People’s Elbow. After a show of great class and respect when The Rock and Hogan shook hands after the match, Hogan’s nWo cronies, Kevin Nash and Scott Hall, were less than impressed and attacked Hogan. Before the attacks went any further, The Rock returned to the ring to remove Hall and Nash and protect Hogan. As both men were going up the ramp toward the backstage area, The Rock asked Hogan to pose and perform his signature mannerisms for the crowd.
A steady breeze blows into the room from a portal on the opposite side, that shows blackness where the light ends. There was apparently no door in the portal - no signs of hinges in the stone - and standing in the light makes it difficult to see more than four feet of a tunnel beyond the exit. The portal is certainly well designed; five feet across, eight feet high, and the lintel a Roman arch. A quick examination by the mage suggests the portal may be of an origin older than German manufacture.
The last two weeks have been eye-opening. I've not only had to reach deep down to discover how my abuse changed the very motivations and needs that make up my life, but I've also had to imagine my family's motivations. I've had to step back from villianization, to imagining what experiences they had as children to make up their primal needs and goals. It's been like trying to open up everyone's hearts, without judgment, in order to create believable, fleshed-out characters. And although, I will never excuse what they've done to me or how badly they botched this situation (welcoming a child-molester into your family, a child-molester who abused your own child, is totally inexcusable) I'm starting to see what shaped them and, perhaps, even understand them even more.
It seems to me one needs, first and foremost, to have a keen sense of the ridiculous. Maybe I mean to say, a sense of our impending death. About the only advantage that comes from our knowledge of the inevitability of death is that we know that whatever is happening is going to go away. Most of us try to put this thought out of our minds, but I am saying that it ought to be kept firmly there, so that we can fully appreciate how ridiculous most of our enthusiasms and even depressions are.
Here's just one of the many I would like to try . . . in my new soaker tub once I get to Texas! ;)
Hopefully we can try and get to Reed Sweatt another time this year.
“Oh really” That sounded sarcastic, this wasn’t good
Pulling off a temporary brake fix proved to be just enough for Jeff Westphal to get the GST Motorsports “L” “New Dark Knight” down to a 1:46.631, fast enough for a class win and overall fastest time of the event. Many thanks goes out to Tony Szirka from UMS Tuning for whispering brake solutions into Mike Warfield’s ear over Saturday night’s dinner. Time very well spent.
“I believe the best way to protect our children, our neighborhoods, our communities, is to utilize the money we have been wasting on an ineffective punishment to solve crimes, to keep police on the streets, and that’s what our initiative does,” former San Quentin warden Jeanne Woodford told Scott Shafer last December. Woodford is now a vocal opponent of capital punishment and a leading force in the drive to have it repealed.
“E’s right, Gorilla!” agreed Callum earnestly.
I have all my entries made out for tomorrow and ready to go. I am trying to get a little ahead and have entries made out for the following day, and at the moment, I only have eight entries for Tuesday. However, I should be getting a new issue of Sweepsheet by sometime tonight. I am hoping that I can find a few interesting sweepstakes to enter by snail mail and revive my interest.
Not a traditional Japanese dish, but made with Japanese ingredients, and truly delicious! Here’s my version.
Pour batter into prepared pan.Bake 25 minutes. Allow cake to cool completely in the pan.
15. Love Life
For all of the technology that the MTV generations has given us, it's come at a price that is to distracting to be seen.
“There’s a big spider”….
And Ryan seems to have picked up the other virus that I know some of his friends had, so another day home for him. He feels pretty much fine, just needs to be near the bathroom, poor kid.
# credentials that cover your local and remote connections.
Following the massage, we talked to the massuers who said they prefer the shells because they are smoother and keep the heat in better. I really enjoyed the shells and almost purchased some to bring home.
I fear for a world in which intelligent, educated, successful men are led by their own desires and fears rather than by a sense of morality and responsibility for making the world a better place. Really, though, it's not just them. We all could do more, say more, stand up more, and put our own desires aside so that we could follow our own compasses more frequently. It's not always easy, it's not always safe for us personally. But it could save a child, save a spirit, save a life. To be sure, everyone's moral compass is a bit different. But no one's compass point toward child rape, or allowing child rapists to continue their behavior. We just have to have the courage to read our compasses more often.
Combine buttermilk, flour, egg white, baking soda, salt and vanilla extract in a bowl. Whisk just until blended. Stir in blueberries and let stand for 10 minutes.
Inspector Chandrahas Patil of the Naxal cell of Pune police said so far they have not been able to identify the persons who put up these posters.
DO NOT COMPARE
And your eyes will sing a song of deep hate
Before my grandparents shifted to Chandigarh (the capital of Punjab), they used to live in Jalandhar (another city in Punjab- a place where a sizable amount of my summer vacations were spent). Almost every evening, around 7 in the evening, a guy would come pushing his food cart on our street. He only served kulcha channe and even though my mouth would be on fire every time I would eat them, they were the tastiest things I have ever eaten. And they hardly costed a few cents. Sigh, I am tearing up writing this- those were happy times.
This weblog describes the creative process of the collection and some info on Marilyn and her films.
Frustrated citizens may comment a little out of line, and immediately, the Swedish media will pounce on us, as being a racist/xenophobic/islamophobic ”hate” blog.
The Neurologist-in-Chief where Leon is treated..
Muslims do not know about grace. All they know is law and obedience.
Happy D-Day! “D” stands for “Deadlocked” of course! We hope you were able to get your hands on the 12th Sookie Stackhouse book! We bet you’re either just finishing, have already finished and/or checking out a number of sites for reviews on the book! We posted our own review as well – of which we’ll share the link with you later on in The Gracious Plenty!
Writer : Stuart Simpson
Keeping puppy safe and out of harm’s way while you are out of the home is always something to be concerned about. Adding a doggie playpen to your new puppy supply checklist can save your new loved one from getting into a whole heap of trouble. A dog playpen will also keep your pet safe from doing things that can be harmful to them, like chewing on things that could potentially be harmful or fatal.
I wish you a great Sunday afternoon and a blessed new week,
I have used some of that yummy Tim Holtz resist Kraft, lots of ink, glimmermist and glimmerglam to help with the monochromatic theme and, again, I have used the frame from the Sweet Serenity digi kit by Lydell Quinn and Emma Stafrace, just recoloured. So versatile.
Currently, I have a student who struggles with letter recognition. We have 15 minutes a day where I work with her independently to help her recognize letters. We start the session by reviewing the letter we learned the day before. If she can recognize it both on paper and by sound, and if she can write it on her own, we move to step two, where a new letter is introduced. Step three often involves singing a song or making up a silly letter clap to prompt her and help her respond correctly. Positive verbal reinforcement works best with this individual; if the feedback is negative, she will shut down and lose focus for the task. Step five involves a walk around the campus, counting the letter on signs, doors, and hallways, making the appropriate sound, and writing it down on a piece of lined paper. She is then tested monthly on how many letters she can recall. This system has been incredibly effective and I can see it working for other subjects such as math, science, and P.E., as well as with behavioral issues.
The event “will feature Hollywood’s hottest designers, stylists and celebrities,” according to Wednesday’s press release.
So by now we’ve been standing/sitting around for around an hour and it’s getting close to the time when they said we’d be boarding, and so the queue forms up again. All keen with bags in hand, staring expectantly at the somewhat bored looking controller guy by the boarding gate.
Do not that the goal internet shopping bags in particular Rivet design will be around lately and it should not be surprised if you ever have a lot of popul Re M Men’s and women’s leadership will be taken as almost everywhere.Many perhaps not many ladies handbag, useful, but may experience this particular Prada bag m for may have countries most likely to look in terms of possession are too bag.Prada studs on a line l sst is best known for his designs for sneakers, women, and M men known style, sexy, they derive their special bags.This actually has a lot of studs to the point. In view of this particular bag Prada clutch speak Gt no doubt that it aff Ter his eyes in the morning, but it’s big like element, and several types of patterns of the shows is doing it too k Nnte the job then an unconventional day from ebony suede functions.Built, you know what kind of Prada Outlet Budget could perfectly with the Subject gene ensemble.Silver find precious metals are generally funded through the hatch, which makes the final expertised combine Motorola Clutch gt following rock-edged, more related to the portfolio and glamour.Hermes opening of the magnetic attachment folding hatch cover showing her with a zippered pocket with the report.
In 2010, Nice Smile played Betsy’s Radar Hair and Records, a split salon and record store, in Seattle. No one wrote about it.
Several months later, another Falun Gong practitioner died after being sent to the same labor camp. Jiang Xiqing’s children were notified of his death in January 2009. Despite requesting to police that their father’s body remain several hours at the morgue, authorities forcibly cremated Jiang.
The calmest person is still worried; they are just calmer one second longer than anyone else!
We took off on time and headed south to Saigon. We were on the right side of the plane, and we could see a very large and very dark thundercloud off to our right. The pilot was making a slight turn to the left in order to go around the thunderhead. As we traveled along, we enjoyed an absolutely stunning sunset behind the dark clouds. Along the way we also saw lightening in the clouds, which made me wonder if this leg of our trip through Vietnam would also have an element of excitement. Alas, nothing happened, and we landed safely at the Ho Chi Ming City airport.
If you look closely, you can pick out that there are actually three figures painted as Steelers team-members: Troy Polamalu 43, Brett Keisel 99 and Ben Roethlisberger 7. I suppose I could have painted more to resemble team-members but honestly off the top of my head I don't know any other football players' names. I would have included Ward, but with his recent departure from The Steelers I felt it was a little touchy. See, I told you I gave this too much thought.
Atheists have ramped up their efforts to gain greater respect and prominence in American society. While there are some non-believing organizations and groups that seek to have respectful debates with religious peoples, there are others that simply seek to poke fun at and incite the faith community.
The program takes place just down from where I grew up, my old neighborhood. Though I never attended Head Start I know people who have benefited from the program, both children and adults.
I had one of these containers from the dollar store. I think it may be a remote control holder.
That's the point of this whole post. To tell you what SH likes to do several times a week and to ask if your husbands do this. I am late to the marriage game, so I do not know if this is normal behavior.
05. Straight, Hard and Long
before you’d closed the door,
Mile 15 (Marilyn & Eric)
i take nothing for granted anymore.
I then cut smaller pieces in different patterns & shades to start building up the layers, placing them where I am sure I wanted them before glueing them down.
anyways, like i said, it is easy to forget, but when you remember it hurts that much more.
the way something appears – “It looks like it will rain today.”;
GuideStar's Suzanne Coffman told me that "we post what the IRS gives us, and we don’t know why the attachment was not included in the scan the IRS sent us. The longer answer is that the IRS does not usually redact the names of organizations that received grants or contributions from a Form 990 filer. In this case, the schedule may have been removed erroneously before the 990 was scanned, or the Forest City Ratner Companies Foundation may have failed to include it when they sent the return to the IRS. Unfortunately, we have no way of determining what happened."
Is the Hunger Games really that great of a novel or is it just a cool concept and nothing more? That was the big question going in and the answer to it is that the novel falls somewhere in the middle. The first thing to say is that it is a “good” book. It doesn’t balance intellect and entertainment as any of the Potter books did and it may only have a few cards up its sleeve but it is entertaining and sometimes that’s all you need. Thought that the build up could have been much more and sometimes the book walks the line between realism and fantasy too much but once you get to the Games all is nearly forgiven. The games itself is such a cool emotional roller coaster ride. Yea things do get a little silly but reading about the tributes duke it out is like the ultimate survivor. It is wonderfully paced and when things do slow down it is just the calm before the storm. Action is a plenty as we wait to see which one of our favorite characters will survive the night.
I can only urge you to keep up the good work. Going on local radio and TV is an effective way of promoting your work. All local media outlets welcome stories in their own area. And national newspapers often pick up their stories that way. And I would suggest, too, that simply sticking to the facts of a reported sighting will add to credibility. The mistake so many investigators make (not including your good selves, I am sure), is to add their own theories as to where the craft came from and what the purpose was. This then takes the sighting into the realms of fantasy. So, too, do theories that governments are covering up sightings.”
18 And he walked in the way of the kings of Israel, as did the house of Ahab: for the daughter of Ahab was his wife: and he did evil in the sight of the LORD.
until love leaves its high holy temple
Still cool and a bit damp, but I know it will heat up again soon.
“I’m not going to return the things I bought. I bought them for my mother and you helped me pick them out,” he said. “Maybe when I fall in love again I will give them to someone new.”
Today, I have some packages to mail, the finance appointment this afternoon, and a scrapbook to help with this evening. Ornery and I are trying to tie up the last little loose ends before they come to inspect and appraise the house. The back door needs to be painted, the dining room window sill needs paint, and the bathroom still needs some touch up work done. It seems like we will never get it all done! I could use a clone some days, but so far I am faring okay, despite the frenzied pace we seem to be marching to. I gotta say that I am sleeping really well these days!
This is my new go-to meal. Sometimes I substitute cous cous or instant brown rice for the quinoa, but the quinoa is my FAVORITE!!
“Who am I to try and do things a different way? My father is minister of nothing!”
"The search in patent databases is a risky business compared to the search in other domains. A single document that is relevant but overlooked during a patent search can turn into an expensive proposition. While recent research engages in specialized models and algorithms to improve the effectiveness of patent retrieval, we bring another aspect into focus: the detection and exploitation of patent inconsistencies. In particular, we analyze spelling errors in the assignee ﬁeld of patents granted by the United States Patent & Trademark Ofﬁce. We introduce technology in order to improve retrieval effectiveness despite the presence of typographical ambiguities. In this regard, we (1) quantify spelling errors in terms of edit distance and phonological dissimilarity and (2) render error detection as a learning problem that combines word dissimilarities with patent meta-features. For the task of ﬁnding all patents of a company, our approach improves recall from 96.7% (when using a state-of-the-art patent search engine) to 99.5%, while precision is compromised by only 3.7%". Given his affection for proper spelling, the IPKat just couldn't resist it! He would however remind readers that not all variations in spelling are the result of error: vitamin/vitamine and adrenalin/adrenaline are just two examples of national preference.
When I applied Captain Black's method, I got the number 5. Which means that the winner is.... Lacer! Well done! So, Lacer, please email me your address and say which book you'd like and to whom you'd like it signed.
Is more than I can take
SFI debuted at #18 on the New York Times best-seller list, increased to #16 the second week and is at #18 for the third week.
What you will need: (Pre-heat oven to 400°)
Baby screaming, Mommy screaming.
She is quite alone, and her hair is white.
wants to soak up every ounce of holiday cheer . . . even two days after valentine's day! ;)
The branches crunching underfoot,
Are there
Where to begin? Ah, yes, the omnipresent iPod meme...
And what’s the key to our fascination? Maybe we think life is more interesting, or at least more dramatic, when you’re rich and powerful, or that the pain of existence is made much more bearable when you have tens of millions of dollars to cushion you.
Ethan
~Mermaid Barbie
Here are the winners -
(crazy, I know...)
I wrote yesterday that State Hate perecutor Bully Lansley has told 85,000 British workers that he plans to plunge them into unemployment and poverty and today I read over at The View from Cullingworth that 50% of jobs will be lost in one town alone thanks to the complete naivety and prejudice of a Govt minister that refuses to talk to the little people in favour of the Big Smoke Free industry that is working to turn smokers into criminals.
“No way, I am cool” Danny Checked himself and gave that heart stopping grin.
(3) Rupert Murdoch, whose mess at the, thankfully now defunct, very seedy News of the World, is still being sorted through at the Leveson Inquiry, seems to be free to produce a new newspaper starting this weekend. Free press is a great thing, of course, but the price is quite high, it seems.
Now, for some Anime-updates(Nope, not recommendations.) on what I am doing with anime.
This method is time consuming, but it is meant to be nice to look at from both sides.
There are pros and cons to this lifestyle. On the pro end, I am a natural crowd goer. Placing me in a social situation is like placing a penguin on ice, I can skate through any conversation with ease and splash a few dazzling connections between people, creating friendships with many. I ask people good questions and make them feel encouraged with honest uplifting words and thoughts. The best part is that none of this is ill-intended or dishonest. My inquiries are fully engaged and carry depth.
After that, you'll become the most respected and feared human being in the World. I'm not talking about the Pope; I'm not talking about the president of the U.S.A, China or Russia; I'm not talking about Bill Gates' or Steve Jobs' bastard son/daughter; I'm talking about being
I requested the Mister do this and he finally got to it tonight after work...so excuse some of his bland answers. Hes actually quite witty, ill have to prove it by making him do the next one not after a 19 hr work day. Poor babyyy.
It’s my first time to try shabu-shabu (しゃぶしゃぶ), a Japanese variant of hot pot which is derived from the “swish swish” sound of cooking the meat in the pot. In a shabu-shabu, raw seafood, meat and vegetables (thinly sliced) are served and you must cook them in a boiling yummy soup through a built-in stove in the table (para ka lang nagfifishball sa kanto). Even if sometimes you are not down for cooking your own food, this is a must-try and you’re gonna enjoy the entire cook-and-eat experience.
My next review is Kiersten White's Paranormalcy. Right now, I'm trying to describe how useful it is to a writer without sounding like a stalker. White's book is interesting coming down the line after I've reviewed a self-published book, a small press book (well, semi-small press) and now a release from Harperteen. While I review each work on its merits and not some faux analysis of publishers and other irrelevant industry factoids, I'm digging the diversity of fiction that makes its way to my nightstand.
Sleep – it’s the topic that dominated my blog for a couple of weeks and now? Now we don’t really even think about it. I nurse Matthew to sleep at bedtime and before each nap and then I put him down. Instead of worry about when he’ll wake up again, I move onto other things, fun things, MY things.
internet again. We are currently in Nicaragua.
A song the very God who made you
50) I saw "The Virgin Queen" on Masterpiece Theater, and got the hots for Tom Hardy. I don't know what the fuck I was thinking. He was in some awful movie on the Sci Fi channel that the Spouse Sparrow was watching, called "Minotaur." That really helped put me off him.
Proud Mary keep on burnin'--
Girls is all about class, and the fact that the upper classes ain't what they used to be. Even the supposed upper-middle class really isn't upper-middle class anymore, they're all just peons who manage to skate by working for peanuts because they're "allowed" the ostensible luxury of maintaining a preposterous bohemian lifestyle in trendy downtown locales. They're all just as doomed as the idiots on The Walking Dead, but at least the folks on that show have the common decency to acknowledge their hopelessness. In any event, the modern condition remains one of agitated delusion - it's just that sometimes the zombies are more visible than others.
Under different Blackberry mobile phones Storm 2 Deals, you can discover this device with the offer involving amazing exhibit high quality together with the 3.25 in . TFT capacitive touchscreen that delivers a new high resolution display connected with 360 x 480 pixels. Also the consumers may enjoy the web admittance beneath all the most recent accessible systems such as EDGE, GPRS, Bluetooth, 3G as well as Wi-Fi. This particular device also offers the A-GPS help, games downloading facilities, fantastic good quality media players along with the hi top quality normal battery pack.
Black Swan regulars and staff are treated less sympathetically than Ted Arden, so it would be unkind to try to identify them. An exception might be the nattily dressed barman whose real name sadly escapes me.
Over time, I have become more and more of a believer and acceptor that the soul has contracts to fulfill in life, and not just the legal ones!
why is it that just when things seem to be going well, someone has to turn things around and cause trouble?? In this case it is someone who used to be a friend. It hurts because she seems to think it's okay to involve my daughter in EVERYTHING. The first thing she does is run to Ashton and say did you know your mom said this?? what does it concern Ashton?? I want her to stay away from my daughter she says I'm a bad Mom because I don't want my daughter to be around drugs. I wish people would take a look at their own lives before making comments about other people. Take a look at your own kids before you judge!! You do not know everything they are doing you just don't!!!
We as an audience don't see beyond the photo smiles at the gallery openings or the family events. No, one actually talks openly about the economic recession and how it has effected many of their own livelihoods. One friend and fellow blogger, Colin Pantall remarked on this discrepancy of public and private persona and how little photographers talk about the financial difficulties of working and living as a fine art photographer.
Pour batter into 2 greased 9-inch cake pans and bake (following directions on box).
Regular readers will be happy to know that today is a no-whining day here at TAC. I am a happy dude.
Blue: In the light spectrum, blue emits the shortest wave length, making it the most difficult color to see. Blue stimulates the brain to relax and has a pacifying effect on the nervous system. Blue is also associated with loyalty. If you favor this color, people may see you as conservative, even-tempered, self-assertive, serious, honest, and blunt. People who prefer blue also tend to have a strong sense of possessiveness and may be hard to get to know. People who are drawn to blue however, tend to be most likely to cultivate and maintain life-long friendships.
My Mother in Law (MIL) stayed with us for 4 days. It was a tremendous help. She sold girl scout cookies, hung out with my son so he would not have to go to the girl scout meeting, and watched both kids as I ran around doing my cookie mom duties. Another one of the many things I love about my MIL is that she is a whiz with crafts. She helped me learn how to use my new sewing machine and she taught me how to make a really cool scarf.This morning I woke up and looked around the house. Although Monday morning my house looked looked like a frat house (only it looked like the frat boys had a huge crafting party).
8. Dance Music
“This guy’s life has been turned upside down because of a computer programming error,” his lawyer, Jonathan Marko of Royal Oak, said Thursday. He said the problem may affect hundreds of other defendants convicted of the least serious sex offenses.
"She'll be at the fight Mr Moon, I'll tell you later...OK?"
D: "A blue alien cow! Hahahahahahahahaha!!!"
Row 12- sc in 8, 2sc, sc in 8 (18)
I knew from the start that her cake would be carrot cake, but with her recent proclamation of Gingerhood, a little kick from some ground ginger was definitely in order! The ginger also helps add a level of complexity to the flavor of the cake, to play off Emma's internal struggles. In keeping with Emma's polished exterior, I topped the cake with a tribute to her signature bow blouses and throwback hairstyle - a white fondant bow with curled tails.
but there seems to be strange formation developing in our belief system.
This villa, like a garden pavilion hung with a spectacular view of the sea, is part of a complex of houses located in Marina di Ragusa, the seafaring village of Ragusa, on a plot of land with beautiful views overlooking the Mediterranean and a stretch of coast in the direction of the island of Malta, distant about sixty miles off, and that in a bright day you can see clearly. The design of the villa derives from the influence exercised by the program of the Case Study Houses (CSH) implemented in the ’50s by John Entenza and the magazine he founded “Art & Architecture”. The house is more representative of the program is certainly the case study houses of Pierre Koenig’s Stahl House, masterfully photographed by Julius Shulman, became an icon of American lifestyle in the famous photo of the living room of the house with the background on the amazing night view of Los Angeles. The position of the batch of the project and the cultural similarities with that program became the essence of contemporary absolutely present after more than fifty years, has determined the main choices that affect the architecture of the house.
He loves his sisters and brother. He and Saylee are great buddies, and he adores Mads and Roo too.
7. Use it to clean anything chrome or metal. In the bathroom or kitchen use it to clean the faucet. Pour it on the faucet or put in a spray bottle and use to clean faucet. Not only will it leave the faucet sparkling, but it helps to remove rust.
To sum it up, Miss Weber said:
* "Pinsents' employees of the month enjoy their reward of 3 days stacking shelves at ASDA - 'beats being in the office, they chimed in unison'" (Michael Burdon)
The baby delivering kind.
“It’s not their fault,
The pair were found together in a neighborhood near where the shootings occurred after police received several anonymous tips that England was the shooter, according to arrest reports.
so here it is
I wanted to treat myself to some stamps and bought a bundle of Sweet Pea Stamps which can soon be purchased from Kristy when her store opens..
This is what I do:
in the spirit of rodney's appeal, i sent some of the Worst Trade Bait Ever to cool reader adam, aka arpsmith. he in turn generously sent me some great cards from all around my collecting interests. what follows is by no means everything he sent, just the highlights as i see 'em...
For now I am glad to be living in Ontario where all I have to do is pay $25 to get a form notarized and I don’t have to listen to someone less educated in vaccines than I, tell me that they are completely safe and nothing bad will happen to my child.
We are dreamers by nature, which explains our eternal yearning for freedom and progress. The evolution seen in nature doesn’t reward stagnation, and our dreams drive us to collectively oppose stagnation. It’s no coincidence that humankind has been able to evolve beyond natural selection; it’s in our nature as dreamers to do so.
By Kathleen Gilbert
5/17 Ithaca, NY - The Haunt
We all had a good time and ate lots of good things. Watched the usual Santa movies and hummed a few Christmas tunes.
Why is that, and what is the difference?
If you like this kind of recipe, you might want to follow along. (I would love to have you as a follower!) You can subscribe using the Google Friend Connect widget, through a reader, or signing up via email. Just click on one of the icons below:
Row 1- Ch2, 6sc in 2nd ch from hook. (6)
*I'm slow in typing chinese, so the chinese portion of the review coming up soon.
2. The Way The Wind Blows 6:24
What else? I'm still letting go about a hundred times a day. I'm listening to this amazing man (my dad had one of his albums on vinyl when we were kids and I've just rediscovered him). I'm watching Mad Men Season 4 and very addicted. I'm loving my beautiful Sissycat who is especially affectionate at the moment (not right at this moment, hissing and scratching at another cat through the window). I'm writing a little, editing a short story which will hopefully soon be published in an anthology. I'm celebrating that I've put on a pound for the first time in ten months (those who know how upset I've been at losing so much weight will know how pleased this makes me). I'm curling up on the settee tonight in my little black dress and fluffy slippers with the TV, some Finnish DVDs and lots of nibbles. And I'm smiling, because despite having a tough month, I'm doing OK...
Imagine my embarrassment...and chagrin...when I realized that the flower itself, the main image, can be punched with the scallop circle punch!!! What??!!? Well, DUH!!!! I felt soooo lame, as I cut all of the layers out BY HAND with my scissors....SHEESH!! Lesson learned...
The only enemies that have ever targeted our Constitution, the only entities that have ever launched an assault against our freedom, the only institution capable of destroying our Bill of Rights, the only power that has done so, and has been doing so, and if left untouched and unchallenged will continue to do so until nothing is left of the Constitution entrusted to us by our founding fathers, are the domestic enemies among us, or more accurately, ‘above’ us from where they rule.
My sister returns on Monday night (finally!) after an extended stay with our parents in Texas. She did all the things a good daughter would do, at least the kind of daughter who hopes to gain the upper hand with our parents and knock her big sister off the Favorite Daughter pedestal.
Tomorrow, Saturday, Nov. 5, New Jersey’s own Jim Murphy will lead a free program to educate attendees about legendary country musician Hank Williams.
The real life museum contains odds and ends that Pamuk collected from Cukurcuma junk shops, family and other donors. There are china dog figurines, old shaving kits and a wind-up film projector. A toothbrush collection, which features in the novel, was contributed by its real-life owner.
- daniel rossen - silent hour / golden mile - warp records - 2012 (lp)
The valuation of the swap will be based on the recent share price of both companies as the exercise involves non-controlling stakes. Trading in both counters are suspended until today for two days pending a material announcement. MAS and AirAsia were last traded at RM1.60 and RM3.95 respectively.
-mix 1 teaspoon of cornflour in one cup of water
Sir Alexander Fleming enjoys a legendary reputation that changed the course of history. The way it breaks down is that Fleming’s father saved a young lad from drowning, and to show his appreciation the child’s father vowed to send Fleming’s son – Sir Alexander -to school to be whatever he wanted to be. Skipping ahead, Fleming goes to med school, stumbles upon the healing power of penicillin, which is later on used to the save the life of Winston Churchill whose life was threatened by a severe pneumonia. Oh, by the way, the little drowning boy was Winston Churchill.
Dundas resident and transit activist Randy Kay discussed pedestrian safety problems at Governor's and Ogilvie last summer on his Governor's Road weblog.
I’ve got to tell them, ‘I love you.’
make a gift for someone special :)
07. Bodies
Leaving for the evening, 5:30 p.m., I might yell over his pod wall:
There have been so many documentaries on lately, and some of them have been amazing. We especially liked the one on ITV which told the story in the words of the survivors. The children were deeply moved, and we used the opportunity to explore some of the emotions that the survivors would have felt. I think its very important to make the children aware of how other people might be feeling and why. I like to try to get them to become that other person as it were, and explore those emotions. Empathy is such a very important human emotion, and one that should be nurtured in our children.
He didn't stop until he was the first person on Star Tours. His explanation: this would never happen again, he didn't want to miss his chance!
13 of 14 people found the following review helpful.
I hope that you are all well and in the next few days will try and catch up with you and your lovely blogs........
Also note that I'm sporting a batman watch that you probably can't see in both pictures.
As if I needed a reason for endless cups of coffee...duh.
My friend found it interesting that I would identify his guide as a western Indian. I was not the first to make this identification. While my friend was in New Mexico the previous year he ran across some local holy men; shamans and shamans in training but he never spoke of the experience. The shamans informed him that he had taken from their meeting a guide who would like to join him and help him along his was. And that this guide was a western Indian who would wear gold clothes, much like the ones I described.
I thought about it. Considered putting her back in the cage and heading home.
She consented and sat.
I turned on the t.v. and things were starting to happen. Folks, to clue you in I live in Central Illinois, I want to say (and I haven’t checked), 8 years ago a town about 28 miles from me was completely wiped out by a tornado, we take Tornado’s VERY serious around here.
Captain America of course only has one true love; America. Niece and Aunt can fight each other till the end of days, but it won’t stop Captain from forsaking his America.
I have had several emails recently asking me how to download my creations, because I don't use the traditional downloading software. Just open up the image on my blog that you want to use, right click, save as (to whatever file on your computer that you will remember it saved in). Simple as that. Then to print, you open up the image on your own computer and print. The only thing that I ask is that you don't take credit for my work, though you can give it out freely otherwise. If people ask where they could find what you have printed from my blog, please tell them so that they can enjoy and use what I post.
About: “You simply upload your video to Videolla and set price for it or insert ads into the video. Its simple and free. You will not need any coding skills. Just register, upload your videos and pick if you want to sell them or place ads.”
I was friends with the other daughter.
Each webinars highlight different ideas from 101 Ways to Market Your Language Program. Every week you get practical, low-cost ideas to help you promote your program. Best of all, you’ll get to connect with others on line who are also interested in the same topic, ask questions and interact.
I am confounded. I have a few books that are organized by color and I have found these handy when casting about for inspiration or stumped by combination. Southern Accents on Color comes to mind and I still refer to it nine years after I bought it. Others, focusing on one object or another - chairs, wallpaper, curtains - serve as handy reference books.
Mummy carried in the suitcases and stamped her feet on the doormat and talked the whole time because she thought the whole thing was such fun and that everything was different.
So I started jogging again. And eating better.
Mellor, a 13-year veteran officer, is Hamilton’s first designated human trafficking investigator. His unit began in July and exists within the vice and drug branch. It’s made possible through one-year provincial funding.
I really enjoy baking but my absolute favorite thing to bake is bread. I've tried several recipes and this one is definitely a front runner. Mainly because there are very few ingredients and it's so simple to throw together. You can find the original recipe in the KitchenAid® Mixer cookbook that comes standard with the machine when you buy it. Yield is two full size loaves of bread.
I still cant believe we are going, and will leave for Chi town tomorrow afternoon!!
Right away, I approached the project - Rivers – like the 40something I am and not like the eight-year-0ld child that my child is. As far as the research, I would visit three different library branches to take out every children’s nonfiction book on rivers in publication.
1 prodded
“it openeth the passages of the urine both in young and old; powerfully cleanseth imposthumes and inward ulcers in the urinary passages, and by its drying and temperate quality doth afterwards heal them”.
“You know I’ll do anything for you. I love you.”
Astonishing advancements have been made in the drilling industry during the past few years allowing drillers to exercise complete control in reaching a specified targeted zone. However, the goal of the drillers rest in achieving a high rate of penetration (ROPs) as higher the rate of penetration the lesser will be their efforts and overall drilling costs.
I hate holding a book and I have an inability to get books back in time.
Have a great day and I hope to hear from you soon!
No you do not. While it has become customary for the host to leave a basket with various toiletries -- tampons, pads, tissues, hairspray, floss, a sewing kit -- for guests in case they needed something, I really don’t think this is necessary.
Optional: 1 4oz can chopped green chiles
So is the answer for large unwieldy public sector organisations to clamp down on all social media activity? Should it be driven centrally with a core group of people responsible for tweets and responses?
In the county of Finnmark is one of the places where the lights show most frequently, the tourism industry is very pleased with the most recent prognosis. A large portion of the tourism in the North of Norway during winter is connected to the Northern Lights and related activities.
The Brooklyn Attitudes?
Here are a few shots I took with my phone...(because something not good is going on with my computer, sadness!!)...
Anyway, that's my update. I think I'm going to try to blog more but you know... we'll have to see what comes up that's interesting. (Oh! I do want to blog about what nutrients I am surprised to find I'm getting/not getting on a regular basis... maybe next time.)
The crazy thing with the human needs is that there are deliberate conflicts – but each are necessary! (i.e the need for certainty and the need for variety) Everyone, without exception, finds a way to get these first four needs fulfilled, even if it is in a very low quality and sometimes negative way. An example of this is the overwhelming need for Love & Connection to explain why someone will stay in an abusive relationship. No matter how awful the abuse is, it is a form of connection – so it is being met – possibly at a level 10 – but in a negative manner) Without appropriate help the individual chooses to stay, over the uncertainty of leaving, with the fear of living without any kind of connection.
Despite Avery Brooks’ occasional forays into theatrical acting, I must admit that I found his movie/television debut to be very impressive. He did a great job in conveying his character’s emotional journey in what must have been a traumatic period and end in the end, earned well-deserved praise from the critics. I was also impressed by Rhetta Greene’s complex portrayal of Jenny, the slave caught between her love for Solomon and her master’s desire. Both John Saxon and Lee Bryant were excellent as Mr. and Mrs. Epps, who added a great deal of ambiguity into roles that could have easily been a portrait of one-dimensional villainy – especially Saxon’s role. Joe Seneca gave an interesting role as Noah, the elderly slave who tried to guide Solomon into establishing relationship with their fellow slaves and remind the latter of the difficulties in escaping from central Louisiana. Art Evans provided amusing comic relief as Harry, a slave and Solomon’s fawning close friend. Petronia Paley gave a solid performance as Solomon’s wife, Anne, who was beset with worry and frustration over her missing husband. And Mason Adams’ portrayal of Mr. Ford, Solomon’s first master, was an interesting contrast between a genuinely decent man, and a no-nonsense slave master was not above issuing veiled threats whenever he felt they were needed.
God may be in the details, but the goddess is in the questions. Once we begin to ask them, there’s no turning back. Gloria Steinem
Please let me state: I am not attempting to ‘guilt’ anyone into giving up everything and living as a hermit. We are each part of our own society. But within that, I propose to live as honourably as possible, so that I might stand in the knowledge of how my life affects and is affected by the efforts of others.
I learned this by trial and error. My 3rd try was the one I was happy enough with to use. (Thankfully the towels come 3 to a pack!)
Two of the biggest problems we face as Christians are thus weakness and anxiety. First, weakness of the flesh. This is an outer turmoil, so to speak. It comes to us in any of a million forms a day, but we are constantly being strengthened according God’s strength. Weakness will not trump God’s empowerment no matter how weak the weakness. Second, there is a sort of inner turmoil we face, which is, the constant anxiety over our salvation. Paul counters this by noting for the Colossian church that we are qualified by God. As such, our qualification neither rests upon our shoulders nor is rendered moot because of fleshly weakness. We can have such confidence in God’s work to qualify us. It is God who does this work for us. He qualifies us. He changes our status from unqualified to qualified. He rescues us. He, not we.
If you're doing the StoryADay challenge, how's it going?
1- Express gratitude and link back the person giving you the award....
That’s the neat thing about traditions: They go with us no matter how far from home we travel.
( ) Transfer to a different department.
Please drink and redeem your digital drink tickets responsibly. Tip your bartenders generously.
So, between 2 and 3 months we should have our approval back.
Spider Murphy Gang Skandal im sperrbezirk D
I had always thought that the conquered targets would be left behind after Keima was finished with them. Imagine my surprise then, when I found out that the series was moving in a whole different direction. No longer does Keima have to run after Loose Soul after Loose Soul, now there’s an even easier way to do it. At least, it appears that way. I won’t spoil it for you, but it has something to do with the girls he’s already conquered. If you guys really want to find out what it is, read the manga. There’s around 140 chapters at the moment and go far beyond what the anime’s covered.
And it hit me: not only are they horrible people, they're boring!
Some others not on posters:
So my brother and sister-in-law came over for dinner last week and I get into something of a -- I won't call it an argument, more like a debate -- with my sister-in-law, when she says that in her opinion, I'm a foodie.
Stamps: Doodle Pantry Dream Catcher
I won’t have the fine and luxurious things of life to leave behind.
I made it to round 2! Thank you all for your support and had to do another video that you can see here.
My husband and I sometimes struggle, especially now that our life is so full and busy. Well, I discovered a little something I found helps a bit with that.
I'm going to post more about the book festival in another post because I want to show the awesome signatures and gush about how nice everyone was.
2 lemons sliced paper-thin
After you finish this you’ll want to add on the binding to finish it off.
Upham Nectar - (Golden ale) 3.8% ABV
You can also use the code on the image shown here (WSBP) for discounted tickets -- $15 for 2!
to view near intricate azaleas
This resulted in the court striking off the case from the roll because there was insufficient evidence to proceed.
There’s half that left, we’re waiting Dan,
We are back to winter weather here since Saturday. The past few days have gone down to 23 degrees. For us Southerners...that is cold! Plants freezing and farm animals keeping together in fresh straw to keep warm for probably the last time this year. I am happy to have one last taste of spring, especially since we hardly had a winter here this year. It also makes me feel better that I have not yet gotten anything planted.
Want to make a Monk, Kat or Dolly?
Nobody plans on dying tomorrow, but if you are well prepared the exercise will not be as painful for those you leave behind and they will have something to take with them and not having to pay it all back to various governments…
I decided to line up between the 1:55 and 2:00 pacers. I had seen the pacing guides that both were going to follow, the 2:00 pacer was supposed to start out with a 9:40 and a 9:30 mile, and even though I didn't want to start out too fast, I also knew I didn't want to start out that slow either. The course wasn't supposed to be too hilly, but I knew the end was hillier than the start and I personally wanted to 'bank' some time.
It is cute when he is telling a story of something that happened that day or when he is telling some make believe story while he is playing. If he is excited then he is very expressive and funny, I love watching his imagination grow. He is really getting into drawing. A lot of times he will draw random shapes and ask me what it is. He thinks it is fun when we show him what things look like. Just recently he is trying to draw specific things, like animals, cars and people, which is really cute. He always loves explaining, in explicit detail what he is drawing haha. He is really sweet too because he likes to draw or make things for other people. Example if he is drawing or painting he was to draw a picture for himself, me and Danny and sometimes other people (not Lily though, haha) The other day he wanted to draw a picture for each of his friends which I thought was really sweet.
I then replayed a lot of sequences from the movies in my head where one person makes a complete donkey out of another. I could see a donkey written in 20, Arial, bold and 70% opacity hovering over my head.
With its disdain for Israel, the U.N. has invalidated itself as a forum in which to try to heal the Arab-Israeli conflict. Israel isn't just condemned by the world body more than any other country; the Jewish state is condemned more often than all other countries combined. According to U.N. Watch in Geneva, the U.N.'s Human Rights Council has adopted, since its founding in 2006, about 70 resolutions condemning specific countries, 40 of which have been against Israel. In the General Assembly, about 20 anti-Israel resolutions are adopted each year, as opposed to five or six against other countries. That is not mere hostility but pathological obsession.
Several years ago I stood down from the organisational side of the festivals because they where taking up so much of my time, and up until now have avoided getting involved in that side of this festival, that has now changed, Tomorrow I have to go to a meeting, and I am supposed to set up, organise and run an office I was up until last week, only marginally aware of.
But only Jews really belonged and had access. And the requirement for being a Jew (circumcision) was a serious business – plus adherence to many laws!
As long as the wind
Here it is the first piece for me to turn from trash to treasure. I would love suggestions or ideas. I plan to remove the paint from the top and stain the top. I plan to paint the rest of if a creamy white and destress it. I am going to replace the pulls, but not sure what type to add. I'll be checking other blogs for ideas.
Yep, that's what's a growin' inside my innards. (is that redundant...inside my innards) anyhoo...
Ram Dass demonstrated through his stroke experience what it means to truly walk one’s talk, for he managed to re-frame a frightening, painful and shocking event that would completely change his life and abilities forever, into what he would eventually refer to as “fierce grace” (which also became the title of a wonderful film about his ordeal.) The teaching he offered is that all circumstances — seemingly good or bad from our own perspective — can be seen, felt and even known as God’s grace, if one is but willing to hold them that way and learn from them rather than merely complain and be the unfortunate victim of a terrible turn of events in one’s life.
And as I sat through my night class and the auditioning hour approached, anxiety began to stir. Then I received a text from a friend of mine, who, unbeknown to me at the time, is also friends with the director. The text said that she was currently sitting by the director in class and that she was excited for me to come audition. One one hand, that was adorable and relieving. On the other, with my stage fright anxiety growing and regretting my knee-jerk reflex to e-mail, I now felt that there was no way I could back out.
How are ya doing Wendy, you may be asking. Well...........it's not day by day yet. More like moment by moment. Good moments. Bad moments. Just moments for now.
Become a follower of my blog
She likes to dig in the dirt, find rocks, wander off into the neighbors' yards, plop down in the grass and just be. Can't say I blame her. I love the look of discovery on her face when she finds an acorn or teeny little rock or spots a bird or an airplane and wants you to pick her up so she can reach to "touch touch".
Ajib's wife.
Dateline: May 2005
Conda – 115 (39.12%)
Lake Vyrnwy, Powys. Built by flooding the Welsh village of Llanwddyn to supply Liverpool and Merseyside. It has a volume of 59,666 ML. So that's just under 60 billion litres of our water.
Would St Johnstone want to be seen as complicit in ending Rangers’ existence, because, if the newco was not allowed to play, that would mean that Rangers had expired before the end of the season, and thus its record would be expunged. Even if unfairly, St Johnstone would not want to be seen as partly responsible by closing the doors in Rangers’ faces.
Blickstein Group
Many of the major institutions and economic relations which were cause and consequence of world and regional capitalist expansion over the past three decades are in the process of disintegration and disarray. The previous economic engines of global expansion, the US and the European Union, have exhausted their potentialities and are in open decline. The new centers of growth, China, India, Brazil, Russia, which for a ‘short decade’ provided a new impetus for world growth have run their course and are de-accelerating rapidly and will continue to do so throughout the new year.
