When Mat and Nat and underground steam-powered revolutionaries unleash the best attacks they’ve got–lo-tech against the hi-tech invaders is not a per-se doomed endeavor, look at Afghanistan and Vietnam–you just have to exploit the weaknesses you see to the maximum degree possible–it’s time finally to take sides.
Church with my in-laws followed by a gift from our childrens group and a bouquet of flowers from a Scarlet sister.
Okay, so now we should weep and gnash our teeth, because these guys now face final takeover by the Kochs, who effectively owned their brothel already and are now simply ending the pretense of independence? The hypocrisy? Because the dukes' court apologists might now have to drop the play-act... and admit - like Blanche Dubois - that their gentlemen callers actually owned them, all along?
- Dinner of Tilapia, Summer Veggies, Salad, Cheese Grits, Lemon Shrimp & Baguette
Monday - Panera's Stove Top Mac and Cheese, ham steaks and Roasted Asparagus with Pecorino and Lemon: This looks like a quick and easy version of my favorite mac and cheese recipe. I'm going to pan-fry the ham steaks for added color and flavor and to make the mac and cheese more of a side dish. The asparagus SP bought at the store looks fantastic.
The characterizations are fun, especially those of the SP's, the Single-Purpose angels, who were really cute and funny. They are what amount to Kelly's sidekicks in the novel, especially Tubiel. Kelly is developed somewhat more as a character than most of the other characters in the book, with the exception of Af. We learn about her youth and her motivations behind becoming a monster hunter. While Af is the other main character and we do see more of his current motivations, we learn far less about his background and why he's actually kind of pleased to be bound to Amenity Tower. Perhaps Post will focus more on his story in the next book, but I would have liked to have seen more in this one.
"We have to be very very quiet so that we don't wake up the clowns."
Clean up Toys
The cherry on the pile- Chris decided recently that he doesn’t want to do floors anymore, because he has been doing them for the last 4 years. (Also, because, with a dog, there is hair everywhere, and I’d like him to move the furniture to get it all up.) I can’t do floors because of my back; the motion just sends it all out of whack. So if we want a squeaky clean house, Chris has to take that part. And over the years, chores get old!!
The kids loved all of their presents, but the two winning gifts were LaLaLoopsy and the drum set. My son isn’t easy to shop for. He is considered low functioning ASD (Autism Spectrum Disorder). He is also completely nonverbal. He loves music. The drum set put a huge smile on his face. My daughter has been talking about LaLaLoopsy for the past month. When she wrote Santa, and put it on her list, I had to ask my blogging friends on MomDot what a LaLaLoopsy was.
and listening to this - e.s.t's from gagarin's point of view -
I started this blog to force myself to take more pictures and document our lives since I very rarely break out a camera. True to normal fashion, I took about 5 pictures on both Friday and Saturday so I will use my words and tell the story of my weekend with a fun little photos in between. Prepare for a long post.
They warn of delays of up to one hour on key Tube routes. The Central and Jubilee lines will be worst hit as these are will used to take spectators eastwards to the Olympic Park in Stratford.
I feel no shame in admitting it.
Butter Cream for decorating
Aimee doesn't pan, but you can. In cameras, there is a setting that when someone is coming at you, it will continually focus when you have them coming towards you. When you have someone going side to side, you have to wait for them to come back into the frame. She will focus by pressing halfway down, then wait for him to come back into the frame and shoot.
Or "Tidal Wave" by The Sugarcubes
So off I go to Google largest numbers and we are learning about googol, googolplex, Graham's number, large number notation, exponentiation, tetration.
We spent another day…becoming stronger…
Mitt Romney says that bad
Inglourious Basterds
And what was so exciting about it was that his friends didn't know we hooked up with Jonathan the night before. We could tell he was upset that we were flirting with his friends ... but well, boys will be boys. His friends were both also good looking; one was an artist and the other a model. Gino fucked one of them on the kitchen floor while the other wanted me to cum on his face. Shit, ang sarap.
Children with Fetal Alcohol Spectrum Disorders may benefit from medications to address Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD) and other co-morbid conditions. However, children with a Fetal Alcohol Spectrum Disorder present in a more complex way than do children in the general population. A comprehensive understanding of how ADHD should be identified and treated in children affected by prenatal exposure to alcohol is essential for professionals working with these children in order to develop an effective treatment plan including medication in combination with appropriate therapeutic interventions.
Seeing the joy of the LORD
MONEY GIRL (LARRY MARSHALL)
When what you like is away
These are quick generalizations that I have taken out of the chapter to help myself better understand it, but I do know that networks and matrixes can become much more complicated than I have alluded to. Yet those complications are what get me in trouble, especially when mathematics and graphs start to get involved. My hope is that discussion with my classmates will better shed light on the subject.
But Fortune such delight as theirs did never grant me yet.
The public should have the opportunity to shape regulations and to challenge those that are unfair, overly burdensome, and ineffective.
The official website is here:
Writing for teenagers means that your target audience moves on every couple of years and you have to win over a whole new wave as they come into secondary school.
I like these clips from XinMSN best! They show Hyun Joong’s full reactions ^^ Enjoy!
Here comes the part you will not like...I'm not ready to give up my crust recipe. I'm sorry but I love it and I'm not ready for the whole world to make my pies.
Here’s my favourite, surprise, disappointment, least liked and film I’d most like to turn a comic book blurred eye to based on the other half of GeekvsGoth.com’s dynamic duo.
Thanks @CircleOfDisney and credit to @kate_hassey!
Drain the pasta when it's done and add that to the breadcrumbs. Toss until the spaghetti is evenly coated with the breadcrumb mixture.
I always find the first week or two back in Richmond a shock to my system. Here there is so much traffic and noise compared to Brittany. But I am really lucky that the part of London in which I live is really countrified.
get an ouchie you need to make "all gone!". The
I just realized that Chinese New Year is only a week away! Oh my! I am so stress out here! It's a tradition
magick symbolism was missing. It had been cut off the body. The witch had
To practise you could take a famous scene or one of your own scenes and reverse all the gender roles. Scenes including physical description of the body may not work but anything else will usually go.
Geoff
However, the game then has to walk the tightrope of tonal dissonance. Whilst maintaining its black sense of humour and self-awareness, it also has a very dark and serious storyline at its heart. The game opens with a flashback to the murder of Max's wife and child, in a sobering and depressing level. Then we flash forwards to the present day, but Max's mind remains locked in that house and in that time. On one occasion Max is captured and beaten, and he returns to that house in a dark nightmare sequence. Far worse is a drug-induced fever later on, when the walls stretch out to infinity and he has to find his way through an endless dark chasm, following trails of blood and the screams of his wife and child. It's one of the more disturbing things I've seen in a game (still) but it works by showing us that the game's central protagonist is seriously psychologically damaged and obsessed by an event that he urgently requires closure on. Hence the increasingly insane lengths Payne goes to as the game progresses as he seeks an explanation and then revenge. There's also Payne's rejection of the notion that he is a hero and that he is acting from altruistic motives: at one point he destroys evidence that could have helped clear his name, simply because he has no interest in anything outside of his desire for revenge. Thus the game's storyline and characterisation (often tacked-on excuses for violence) are key in propelling the whole thing forwards and involving the player in the action.
I still have a pile of HSTs and flying geese that need to be put together, but that'll happen this week. As well as all my other WIPs which will hopefully get some work done on them.
AVX Vs. #1
1 tablespoon confectioners sugar
Thanks for being such wonderful friends!
Parts of life I wish were easier are: my social skills, taking care of money skills, more respect from people for speaking out.
In the third novel of the Marc Edwards mystery series set in early Canadiana, more particularly 1837 during the famous rebellion of that year. With this Mr. Gutteridge aptly “sets the stage” for this mystery series, providing historical detail to give colour and motive for his well rounded characters.
It was a really great first novel! Nicely developed with some really great characters and creative twists. I really look forward to reading more in the series.
I have been aging my Old Ale for way too long (since Jan 2011) and needed something to take its place. My evolution in beer flavors has taken me to really enjoying barleywines, mostly english varieties. And within that style towards the sweeter and less hop aroma/flavor side. I also like the ones I have had with just a hint of oak character to make you think it has a lot of age on it (plus I really like the flavor of oak).
Black Rainbow was talked about mainly for its setup, as mentioned on nicekicks.com. The feel is pose to be comfortable like in a bathroom…I guess. Aside from tha 3 toilet seats that give u this feel and tha plywood walls to add to a unfinished bathroom feel, tha clothes selection give a feel like tha Commonwealth shop I been to in D.C. Same labels being sold wit jus a shirt or 2, nada interesting and tha shoe selection mostly consisting of Puma…hardly exclusive.
Oh, he’s dead! I WON!
When the incident happened the officers were driving an unmarked vehicle and the driver was not in police uniform.
I found my Schedule book!!!! Called Sam's Club and had left it there. Will not be able to pick up till we head back to the big city this Thursday but I am so glad that I won't have to start all over with a new book! ( anyone have any great ideas as to how to not misplace your book? This is the 2nd time this has happened. Last year I never did find it)
How did I go from a we
Not over yet, Auschwitz switches back to documentary mode. Alongside the interviews and talking heads is inserted news footage and photographs from the real Auschwitz. This is a lot harder to watch than any of Boll's facile dramatizations - which come across as deleted scenes from Seed anyway - and completely destroys any pretension of sensitivity. Far from Schindler's List, this movie has more in common with a Faces Of Death. It's an exploitation movie, and for anyone to pretend otherwise is more offensive than anything else Boll could have done with it. It's a staggeringly desperate cry to be taken seriously.
Phone scams:
On subsequent days,
I spent long hours cleaning everything ! Thank you mirror !!!!!
Justin McCahren
10:00 pick up toys, do the dishes, clean toilets, sinks, showers, vaccuum, windex, dust, and mop the entire first floor with the assistance of my little helper.. what is today? monday... I have to work tonight, better wash my uniform.
You bet there is. What you may be looking for is a refurbished cell phone. You can now get refurbished cell phones online to work with the carrier of your choice. You can even get unlocked GSM phones that aren’t tied to a particular carrier.
E. Stanley Jones makes the point that Christians are people of the long view. By long view, he means that we plan not only how to live today, but tomorrow and for eternity. Our big enemy in long-view planning is fear. Fear immobilizes but it shouldn’t immobilize people who believe in their deepest hearts that Jesus reigns over all the earth.
In North America, every supermarket as soon as you enter got a whole array of fruits and vegetables of all colors and descriptions; some cut, some squeezed and some still on the bunch or vine. In Georgetown, you can’t find fresh food anymore. The PPP disband all the Trading groups and ETB and give to their friends licenses to money launder and cover their drug deals. Also the plenty colors, the riot of colors have all been limited. The only time you see color in GT is when you look at mini-buses after an accident; you see blood. That is not good enough.
(Patricia Hutchence pictured with Peter Fonda) Hutch also used Michael Jackson’s connection to Jane Fonda for her niece, Bridget, to appear in the film as Mary Shelley. I remember MJ telling me about visiting the set of On Golden Pond during filming. Jane expressed concern about not wanting to hurt Bridget’s reputation by her getting involved with these artists.
Seeing his friends coming, this kid elects to get his tormenting over with by doing it himself.
They won't spread too much so you don't have to leave too much space between them.
CONTEST ENDS OCTOBER 20TH, 2010.
In Stoke, where BNP council representation was so strong, that a BNP mayor was on the cards, the ruling Marxists changed their rules to deny this.
(3) To relieve the victims of racial or religious harassment, and especially anti-Semitic harassment, who are in need or who have suffered
Gorgeously crafted with a combination of materials: leather, suede, velvet, painterly backgrounds on fiber, metal charms with stamped phrases and words, these cuff bracelets are a substantial, cool, unique, and creative piece of jewelry. I cannot wait to wear them.
I accompanied her once to stand with her and this weird posse of God Botherers handing out depressing leaflets about the End Of The World and the Anti-Christ. By us at another sadness-stall (as I came to call them) was this other lot who were Pro-Lifers. They had big blow up shots of late term aborted fetuses pasted onto boards and lined up along the edge of their table. An old doll came over and put her foot through one. I laughed and went off to buy a Big Mac and on the way back one of them came up to me holding out one of their aborted fetus boards and I yell: - I'm fuckin eatin' a Big Mac. What you doin? C'mon! Play the game! - And she went, - Pepsi get their flavour from aborted fetus cells! - To which I yelled back, - McDonalds! - putting on like a full-spastic and waving my Big Mac wrapper at her, when she went, - ASSOCIATION!
In the late 19th century the paper came out against political bosses, picking fights with Brooklyn Democratic “Boss” Hugh McLaughlin, and Gravesend “Boss” John McKane. The Eagle unsuccessfully fought the movement to consolidate Brooklyn with New York City, with this warning: “If tied to New York, Brooklyn would be a Tammany suburb, to be kicked, looted and bossed.” (Brooklyn became a borough of greater New York in 1898.)
It also features an unreleased live recording of a live performance of “Holy Mountain” from San Francisco’s I-Beam in 1994.
That match is the Divas Championship match between Nikki/Brie Bella and the returning Layla.
Disney shares are already being helped, having risen more than 20% since the deal was announced, partly on the hope for new character development and better use of Marvel heroes in movies, stores and theme parks.
We stay quiet for awhile as im still busy doing my work.
Either the Muslims in this country can start playing ball and keeping control over their fanatical zealous suicide-bombers-in-waiting, or get the hell out of here. Period.
2 KINGS 6:1-33
Needless to say, the truck with a couple of tons on its back could not reverse out of the field - a neighbour came along with his tiny tractor - the truck did not move - only leaned on another neighbours' wall .
I REALLY liked it, and then I really hated it – and now I really like it again. The Voice UK, I mean.
Nothing changed. I still have't finished ironing all the fabric I brought home after the last trip to Grandma's house and I brought home a little bit more this time. This coming weekend we will be staying home so maybe, just maybe, I will get my numbers updated and my sewing space organized - in between housework and yard work, that is.
At the end of the day, the most important thing to me about blogging is the reading I do. It's the friends with whom I share my words. I don't want to feel pushed around. I don't want to feel purchased. I want to feel liberated because that's always what reading and blogging have done for me -- they've freed me! Freed me to open my mind and think new thoughts. They've freed me to write my experiences and send them out into the world with confidence.
Him (looking scared now): No.
a storytelling of crows,
Mad River falls into the ‘good musicians, below average vocals’ category. Merciful Monks kicks off the LP with slashing guitar work and a great David Robinson guitar solo, and features some frenzied drumming. High All The Time is classic psychedelia (how could it not be with that title) that starts with the piercing guitars before Lawrence Hammonds semi-grating vocals kick in. Wind Chimes is the standout track on the album, as an atmospheric opening leads into some soaring guitar parts with tasteful flute included as well. The War Goes On comes from a creepy, dark place and is a great late night groover (play after 11pm and keep the lights dim.) This LP is another guitar feast that will satisfy any cravings for late sixties acid rock. If you are tired of your old Dead and Quicksilver CDs I suggest you give a listen to Mad River’s first self-titled LP. Their second release, Paradise Bar and Grill, heads off into stoner cowboy rock, and sounds like an early version of The New Riders of The Purple Sage. Pretty boring. I will tell you up front I had no mind-altering substances on hand when I listened to this second release, and will gladly send it to anyone who does; you can update us from the appropriate higher perspective. What hurt Mad River was having an acid rock guitar-dominated first LP, and then a completely different, more acoustic sounding follow up.
Nah, I'm not gonna be one of those fucktards talking about how awful he is... Or how it is all a scam (well maybe just a bit of that). In fact, this entry isn't even going to be focused on him at all, but he is the trigger for this post.
“Hi, N…So good to see you. I’m doing well,” to her delight upon hearing my answer despite the what seemed to be a bleak situation I had been going through. Other ears, to our awareness, were listening. But we had the slightest care. It was good to look back and remember the heartfelt conversations we had about families and about our own struggles.
Pray we will prepare the way for the Lord to enter the hearts of the ______________________.
Size: 67mm x 26mm.
The articles are at the links below. Notice how the comments sections have been switched off by Beeld on both articles in order to prevent an avalanche of counter arguments. This is blatant manipulation of opinion and spreading of one-sided information. This is hiding the truth and lying of the worst order.
and partly because I don't like my hips.
The tanda ended. The cortina played.
That Wednesday when we picked them up at Amsterdam's Schiphol airport (first collage above), we scheduled nothing but a walk around half of our citadel to give them the lay of our land.
The corporation are exceedingly devoted to reducing the possibility regarding their householders’ businesses, hence they start using a referring with firm that evaluates houses and gives no cost information when it comes to protection, hearth and safety.
And what made them yelp?
Tomorrow, I will be 38 weeks pregnant. I can't believe it. For the longest time it felt like my pregnancy was just draaaaaging---like it was going to last forever---but all of a sudden it seems to be flying by at light-speed. I mean, I just got used to the idea of being 37 weeks...full term!...and now all of a sudden another week has gone by! I can hardly keep up! I am a heap of emotions. I am ridiculously excited, eager, and happy....all while being nervous, scared, and panicked at the same time. I would like to give birth to baby right away...as in right this minute, yet on the other hand, I would like a couple more weeks to rest up and enjoy with just Sunil and Aaryan. I guess you could say, I feel like I've gone mad....lol! ;-)
I am so grateful for all our alone time these last few months. I would not have traded it for any amount of money, job, or relationship in the world and I know you know I mean every word of that.
Axum
Readers, I wonder if I can do it. I don't usually suffer from a tendency to procrastinate when it comes to my work, but in other parts of my life? Oh yeah. (You should see the attic. Maybe on another snowy day...no, it would take a snowy week!)
I had told myself I would rise above the likes of Sophia and Armsmaster. I was all too aware of their flaws, and first and foremost among them was arrogance, pride.
They make love next to her dead husband’s grave because She never kept any secrets from him. Her dead husband does not appreciate this and he bursts out of his grave and attacks them, taking a bite out her arm. Gnaghi arrives and kills the returning husband. She is pronounced dead by the local coroner Dr Verseci (Clive Riche) and the police chief Marshall Staniero (Mickey Knox) is happy with his own version of what happened to her. He leaves Francesco to take care of her body. Francesco doesn’t want her to be a zombie so he lays her out in the ossuary and waits for her to return. As soon as She does he shoots her in the head and buries her in a grave. A few nights later She comes back again and Francesco is so stunned he lets her kiss and bite him but Gnaghi puts his spade into her head, killing her for once and for all. Francesco realises that She wasn’t dead the first time and that he killed her in the ossuary. Francesco has a vision of death telling him to stop killing the dead and to start killing the living.
Melt your cube of butter in a deep skillet. Add minced garlic and let cook for several minutes on low-med heat. Add cream cheese and stir until melted. It looks kinda clumpy so don't worry. Add cream and shredded cheese, stirring on low heat until melted. Season with salt and pepper to taste. Serve over cooked pasta... my family likes fettucini...
2010.08.16 Somalia Elasha Biyaha 1 0 A cleric who advocated peace is assassinated by Islamists.
Mom remembers clearly when she met him at central station. He had pictures taken from sex ads — each woman’s face was obstructed.
- Camp Spofford (i had a dream about it last night. the chapel had a hotel over it. and I couldn’t find the snack shop!)
Let’s fast forward to today. According to my Querytracker stats, of the 250 agents I’ve flagged I’ve sent 206 queries and have received 184 negative responses (either rejections or no responses). Six agents have requested pages, five have ultimately rejected and one has had my full manuscript since August.
result of the growing
The failure by all governments to openly and honestly debate immigration and the influence of globalisation has left an errie silence on the politics of the last decade.
we don't watch much tv in the bedroom so it's tiny.
It’s a full moon tomorrow night and we’ll be there — it’s so hard to believe that in three short hours (then multiple hours of buses) you can shift your surroundings so profoundly.
Sent: Friday, December 05, 2008 12:42 PM
Fuck that, we should trust our politicians to do what's best for the country all the time and that is why it's a fallacy that being a member of the EU is anything but undemocractic and disastrous for this country.
Swansea City have upset the odds in their maiden Premier League season as their sumptuous style has kept them clear of relegation and earned them memorable victories over Manchester City and Arsenal, while Cardiff City reached the Carling Cup final and will attempt to make it two Welsh sides in the top-flight by winning the Championship play-offs.
Obama’s campaign implemented the same lack of verification in 2008, but the mainstream media never called them on it. It appears as though that episode has prompted a repeat in 2012.
In my old griefs, and with my childhood’s faith.
Corin"
There’s a lot of sexual weirdness in Laura, and I wonder how much of it hit audiences in 1944. For starters, Andrews’ Detective MacPherson falls in love with Laura (Gene Tierney), whose murder he is investigating. From “beyond the grave” Laura holds court over her apartment via a gorgeous, large painting over the mantle, seducing MacPherson as he tries to uncover her mysterious death. In flashback, Lydecker tells the copper how he crafted Laura’s personality and image for the masses (and for himself). He helps Laura get a job and spends as much time as possible with her, which just seems weird. Through his column, he obsessively destroys any man who gets too close to Laura, yet she appears to have no sexual interest in him and, to be honest, I think the feeling is mutual. In his mind and his loins, Lydecker can’t have her, so nobody else will.
I've avoided writing, knowing I need to write...but so unsure of where to begin and what words to use.
The morning started with chocolate centered crescent rolls (Iz’s request) for breakfast. She’s pretty hip to the b-day concept of getting her way, so next up was movie-time. I dozed off thanks to a Benadryl. When I woke, it was time to start planning our picnic. This involved grilling some zucchini for some sandwiches (more on that later). We bought a picnic basket awhile back and this was our first opportunity to use it.
people’s smiling
Mix together mayonnaise, apple cider vinegar, and rosemary.
I’d start by redefining what you do. I don’t think the goal of the agent is to maximize the size of the advance (which is what it was, as evidenced by what agents talked about and how they got paid). I think the goal going forward is to represent every element of an author’s impact on the world, including their permission asset, the way they build a following, the approach to building a tribe.
I have done all types of diets...really I have. It's reDONKulous as my
To come back to our lovable investigative Journalist Tintin, I have no doubt that a there is a whole bunch of kids waiting to explore the world with Tintin. It would be a shame to compare him to the American comic superheros like Spiderman, Superman, Batman etc… since he does not boast of any super power. Its a very big disadvantage for Tintin. How will Tintin survive in the ever-connected world of today, where the information and knowledge about various countries and their culture is just floating around seamlessly. But I have hope that he will be able to use all these new tools to his advantages. I can imagine Tintin finding his way out of the Mountain caves in Afghanistan using his iPad…
in Korean side dishes.
Instead of the drugs, try taking 2 vitamin E capsules and drink some black tea. Vitamin E reduces inflammation naturally and the black tea reduces muscle soreness.
As I walked through our apartment complex I heard a loud tapping that had me looking around for a rooftop carpenter or two, until I spotted this poor little misguided fellow hammering away on the side of a building. Well, I HOPE he’s misguided, there’d better not be any food for him in there!
Number two…with the standards in place…and a constant review of the employee…there will be no surprises when we have to eventually let this person go…
(Any other year-end roundup topics I should cover?)
Don’t let the challenges you face today in your marital life take your eyes away from the Lighthouse that is your only source of True light in this murky waters of life.
Peer Advisors
If you like the Beatles, I think you’ll be happy with the expected output. I have all their CDs but I think I’ll need to re-purchase everything.
So, recap, a little corner of my head-space is now cosy with the idea to take a photo of my wall every morning, and then wipe it clean. Or, should I wipe it? That could make me anxious to fill it just for the next shot, which isn't really the point.
my imaginary vanilla ice cream.
Anyway no Sunday Reading post today. I have plenty to post about as it turned into a majorly productive weekend despite the tiller going bonkers on me but it isn't over yet.
There was a group of kids waiting, but not really paying a lot of attention, to this race. They saw the first 6 runners go by. Then, they noticed the 7th runner. What I like the most about what those kids did next - their reaction - was that it was spontaneous. Done by themselves. Not an adult nearby to 'lead by example.' Instead, it was the kids who lead by example. Cheering someone on. Recognizing this runner was giving her all. Recognizing that we all need encouragement. Even last place.
I stoop down and peer into the darkness to find a collection of human bones staring back at me, which, Augusto says, are one of the “secondary burials” found on land – remains once buried elsewhere but later moved to Kuelap.
4. Remove from fire and allow it to cool.
Allister: Sebastien was an ex-Walnut Kid and he stepped in when our previous drummer (Ockert) decided to leave.
But guess what? It’s not about me. I’m just the vessel. So, if you find yourself frustrated in walking out the vision God gave you; if you find that you’re being obedient, or think you are, and stuff still isn’t happening or doing they way you want them to, check your “I” meter.
that began wedged into the panties of that girl
Are you ready for tomorrow's Thanksgiving Feast??
Continuing “to confuse capitalism with competition” Brooks argues that
"Your legs from the knee down are tiny"
Didn’t take long.
22. Do you eat when you are sad, nervous, or depressed?
"in block , in commas what do you call them things` "parentheses" "yeah commas "
We are blessed to have each other’s company…
Its charms, its joys…
Recently he organised a so called geocache, a fast growing activity that takes people out into the wild,
Legal experts are suggesting meanwhile that the Malaysian Embassy my have overstepped its diplomatic status in its host country by what may be judged as criminal intimidation against residents of that country seeking to exercise their civil rights.
I love winding down after a busy day by catching up on my
Boots: Brako
I asked him what other issues they’d learned about. He told a story about one girl who had gotten pregnant, dropped out of school, but after two years, was again pursuing her degree. It was a chaotic journey and she was thrown out and had to move in with her boyfriend at one point. But after TYSA helped inspire her with the confidence and determination to finish high school, and helped with school fees, she was managing again. In fact, she’d recruited a dozen girls from her school to join TYSA after that.
“it is incredulous n nonsense to suggest someone who quit in such abrupt and less than glorious manner be even considered as a by-election candidate.. rly joke. how can it be true”
Oh, but you protest and say, “The wisdom of God seems foolish to those who do not know Him.” No, what is foolish is, if you put that same street corner wacko in a sports uniform, under bright lights, muscles, and career high stats—tada— he’s a prophet. He’s an icon, a regular religious super hero.
Even though several of Cole’s early humor comics centered on hillbilly humor (such as Home In The Ozarks) , quality staffer and editor Gill Fox actually created the Slap Happy Pappy strip. Fox’s pages ran in Crack Comics 1-8. Here’s a selection of Gill Fox’s enjoyable pages, which shows off his precise line and clear writing style (it’s no wonder Quality publisher Busy Arnold made Fox editor):
It shouldn’t matter that we all may feel differently about HOW we think our children developed autism or that we may have different ideas about “cures”, “treatments” and “therapy”.
Neville let go.
3.Unroll the cans of crescent roll dough, and use a rolling pin to shape each sheet into 9x13 inch rectangles. Press one sheet into the bottom of a 9x13 inch baking dish. Evenly spread the cream cheese mixture into the baking dish, then cover with the remaining piece of crescent dough, and brush with melted butter. Stir together 1/2 cup of sugar with the cinnamon in a small bowl, and sprinkle evenly over the top of the cheesecake.
Interestingly, the preliminary injunction was finally upheld based on the German Unfair Competition Law (a brief summary can be found here), which again proves to be a powerful and sharp sword in supplementary design protection in Germany with a scope of protection being (at least in this case) even wider than that of the registered designs.
“It Is Well with My Soul,” written by Horatio Gates Spafford, is one of my favorite hymns. It became even more precious to me when I learned the story behind the words. Horatio and his wife experienced deep tragedy and loss over the course of three years. First, in 1870, they lost their four year old son to scarlet fever. One year later, they lost all of their real estate holdings to the great Chicago fire. Finally in 1873, his wife and daughters were aboard the English vessel, The Lochearn, when it was struck by another ship and sank. Horatio’s wife was miracuously saved, but their four daughters were lost. In spite of these tragedies, these were the words he penned:
1 tbsp wine
But in the meantime, while the politicians are doing all of that, YOU are still responsible for the safety and well-being of your family and your loved ones.
Please come here and have lots of performances here T___________T
I've kinda neglected it lately..... along with my running shoes.
Tom: Brady breaks a tackle, throws down field to a gimpy Gronkowski...interception!
The guests arrived at Ashland for some networking and a create-your-own wedding attire station. The group was introduced to the Museum by Curator, Eric Brooks and Director of Tour Operations, Avery Malone. We heard about exciting reenactments and other opportunities at Ashland. Then came the tour. The participants had to be dragged out of the entertaining tours – well not literally. The group tried to retain as much information as they could because they were going to be quizzed on the information for a chance at a $50 gift card to DeSha’s Restaurant and Coffea! I want to thank everyone who came to participate and make this event so special, especially Chelsea Sparks, and our volunteers-Amanda McClain and Jessica Kral. We are looking forward to our next AAH at Tuska House and hope to see everyone there!
The second day, the woman before my own talk had 10 people in her audience. Two moderaters who of course had to be there, two people working on their computers in the back row, one chick typing on her phone, and me just there because I was next. Some of the four remaining were actually listening. Now that is just too sad. That kind of situation makes you want to ask 'should we do this, or just skip it?'.
I recently had an e-mail exchange with regular and highly valued commentator and good friend Dr D, in which I expressed a positive view of Europe. I am certainly less antagonistic to Europe than many of my contemporaries. I am British, I blog from Britain and will vote for the BNP, however, I believe it is equally vital that we seek to preserve and protect the native European race, both in Europe and their descendants in such places as North America, Australia, New Zealand and of course South Africa. To a spectacularly overwhelming degree most things good and worthwhile came from Europe, that is not to say that we are better than anyone else, but we are a great people, and a people who are worth saving.
Sam Towers 1918-2006
Clit, Cunt, Cock…there are too many lovely things to talk about. But I’ve settled on Climax because, at the end of the day, that’s what we’re all aiming for – cumming (another C!), and all the other Cs are just a means to this end.
The EDL must therefore be regarded with suspicion - as its transition into politics is either a result of stupidity at the top of the organisation or a sign of infiltration.
Today One King's Lane's A Day of Art begins and I'm particularly excited to see that works by Caroline Wright are included in the Emerging Artists offering. I've been a fan of this talented young artist's paintings for some time now and it's wonderful to see that her amazing work is being showcased to OKL's nearly 4 million members.
I'm also dying because this design includes a little Chinoiserie.. and I have those Double Happiness jars. They are so going in my kitchen.
Times like this I just want to stay at home the whole day and watch all my dramas and listen to happy or emo songs and drink tea and go Starbucks alone to do my self-reflection or do a simple sketch or write on my Moleskine or eat all junk food and just cry myself to sleep or just simply act like nothing happened.
Do you have plans this weekend? My husband comes home today and we plan to spend time outside in the garden enjoying this pretty spring weather. Gosh I've missed that man! Have a great weekend!
Well…. no.
All right. I know better than to expect my editor or my agent to let me know how wonderful my story is, since it would take them at least 5 minutes to read it (maybe 7 minutes if they sneeze in the middle and don't have a tissue on them). Add another minute to write me an email to say how wonderful it is, 2 minutes if they need to use the thesaurus for additional awe inspired adjectives (sure, I know marvelous and fabulous and the greatest thing ever written, but editors and agents might need a little extra help to come up with them). Fine, 3 minutes, if they need to pick and choose, and there's always a chance that they get so involved in the subtle differences between fabulous and marvelous that they forget who they're sending the email to, and have to look it up.
SO, bright and early tomorrow morning, we are heading off into a snowstorm!! Seriously, we are. The forecast isn't looking great, but my mom is a tough Montreal driver who is very used to driving in lots of snow, and if it gets too bad we can always pull over. Hopefully that won't impact on our plans, which are to drive to Pennsylvania tomorrow, and stay with some lovely people who live near Pittsburgh until Monday morning, at which point we'll drive to the Kalahari waterpark for the Unschoolers Winter Waterpark Gathering! We'll be there until Friday, when we head to just outside Toronto, Ontario, to visit my grandfather, whom I haven't seen in several years! Saturday, we'll complete the final leg of our journey, and return home.
The Atlanta Constitution
I guess I’m troo wid baseball.
I absolutely, totally, and completely loved this book! It was everything I want in a Fantasy novel and more.
Smells like a light Belgian beer. Like I could like it, if not for the weird yeast esters that Belgians put off.
There is a person to take care of her and she is free to live her life as she desires. Ma travels, attends events, goes for movies, exhibitions and does all that her health permits. Even after all this sometimes she looses it and the feeling of dependency and loneliness creeps in, making us feel helpless.
AMC Block 30
Age/Genre: Rhyming Picture Book ages 4-8
The second night she sat and watched the entire thing without even dozing.
Our little boy is so resilient. And I know in general, children are resilient. But would you please join us in prayer as we are scheduled for a small surgery for Jensen, to have tubes put in his ears.
2010.09.04 Pakistan Sindh 2 0 The wife and nephew of a police officer are murdered by suspected radicals.
3) Don’t forget to take your hall ticket.
You should read the book. But I think this is too important not to summarize.
By Ester and Jerry Hicks
We decided to clean up at 3pm and played some cards afterwards. Some of us took a swim until 5pm.
- Doreen Chanter / backing vocals
Now funny as I thought it was for this to happen while we were out, in the middle of the street (I was laughing for 5 minutes afterwards), I needed a new pair of shoes, so that our walk could continue.
The following is from Cornell University:
I also started my smash journal which I am creating to record our Queensland holiday photos.
So is Jack,which you could have probably figured out by now. He even told me the other night with a veil of darkness all around
Second – the label is actually a lot longer-lasting than modern Evangelicalism. At a time when protestants were trying to first find a means of defining themselves in distinction from the Roman church, they often used the term Evangelical as a self-designation. (Protestant actually comes from those princes in Germany who protested against the Emperor’s efforts of cracking down on the then-labeled Evangelicals).
For those of you who follow this here blog, you are well aware of the fact that little Miss Katie from Keep Calm & Carry On and myself vacayed together last week in the BEAUTIFUL Naples, Florida.
Stuff firmly.
I have no fun photos to post, but I do have something fun to share. . .
Patching & upgrades
I've added the process of the painting to my website, last section on the menu.
*The next day, at a different McDonald's in a different town, both Alex and Julia needed to use the facilities. While I was instructing Alex on what to do in the boy's room, Julia entered the girl's restroom. Although just two seconds behind her, I opened the door to the sight of Julia crawling under the door of the bathroom stall to get to the toilet. Luckily, there was no one in the stall but, seriously, hasn't she ever heard of a door knob?? My skin is still crawling thinking about this one...Have you ever seen a McDonald's bathroom floor?? Not good...not good at all!
“I am pleased that the President has traveled to Afghanistan,” Sen. John McCain (R-Ariz.) said in a statement.
The chemical aniline, from which many important dyes are derived, was first synthesized from I. suffruticosa (syn. I. anil, whence the name aniline).
When I first moved to Seattle over 5 years ago, I was desperate to meet other bloggers. I didn’t know one person here so I started emailing the bloggers behind my favorite blogs. New friendships blossomed as well as the Seattle Food Blogger Events, my group that brings local bloggers together to talk about food. Michael Natkin of Herbivoracious was one of my first friends here (he came to the first meeting) as well as one of the first blogs that I started to read daily.
Wheelchair-bound fifteen-year old Leeam Locke is lonely and depressed. But when Leeam sees his long-dead cat watching him from the woods one night, he rolls away from his troubles, and into an incredible adventure. After hitting his head on a rock, Leeam wakes again to discover he can walk and that he is taking his first steps in a strange, alternate world.
I drove the boys to their schools this morning, went to the bank & went to CVS. I've already cleaned most of the house...just some vacuuming to do & I'm done with housework. And i spoke to my mentor/coach this morning too. It is SO important to have someone on your side & I couldn't ask for a better person. She truly is warm, caring & perfect at this. When I am ready to move foward with this as a business I hope I can do half the job she does.
When you create a new character, you have the chance to make him or her however you want. What you want, though, is a well-rounded character, not a cardboard cutout.
“What concerns us is not what is in the treaty, it is what is not in the treaty,” said Michel Sapin, Monsieur Hollande’s policy chief, to the Financial Times this morning.
I had had an agruement with my fiance at the time and my sons godmother had told me to go out with her for a few drinks with her and our male friend.
Is this another case of Domestic Violence? The story is reported saying that Drugs may have played a role in the twos quarrel, however, it’s just speculation as of now. It should be considered a tragedy for a woman to be gunned down like next weeks dinner. Multiple Gunshot wounds killed Jessica and it looks like they are looking for a self defense claim. It is too premature to discuss that, so why are they bringing this up? What is the point of trying to avoid an arrest or formal charging? What’s not being said in this case?
Wishing you a wonderfully magical day!
Today, I was there for hours planting out my mangetout, putting up canes to support them, tying the canes with twine for the peas to climb up, and then netting them to stop the birds from eating them before they get the chance to grow. Then I was sawing scaffold planks to build two more raised beds. Then I was digging over a space where I want to plant some things tomorrow. So, muscles are aching, skin is flush with sun and I am fit for nothing but sleep!
The Plot of Harry Potter and The Chamber of Secrets:
Song title: Goodbye My Lover
“If my job involved more regulatory paperwork instead of backhanding people, I’d be a happier pimp,” says Avonia. “Not to say I’d like all of the backhanding taken out of my line of work, but a marked decrease would be greatly appreciated.”
This modern residence, called the Glass Pavilion, offers nearly 14,000 sq. ft. of living space, including five bedrooms, five and a half baths, and an art gallery large enough to exhibit 32 cars. The house, set on 3.5 acres of oak groves, overlooks the surrounding mountains and woods.
FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 23, Waterloo Records, 5pm-Asylum Street Spankers-Exploring childhood from both kid and adult perspectives, the Spankers sing of the joys and anxieties of growing up-with some fresh, tasty Saint Arnold.
Included are Sea Salt mixtures (I found sea salt at my Dollar Tree), Copycat Montreal Grill Seasoning, Tuscan Spiced Salt, and Jerry's Texas Barbecue Rub Recipe.
Food expert and cookbook writer Helen Corbitt used to be Nutritionist at the Driskill. She tried to convince the world that there was more to Texas food than chili, barbeque, and enchiladas. Today, the Driskill Grill is, in the opinion of this former restaurant critic, one of the finest restaurants in Austin, and is presided over by the city’s most talented chef, David Bull.
HiBeam Bindis
One of the oldest tactics is to provoke the victim in order to blame the victim…. The crowd had ample time to be violent if it wanted to. There was no sense of violence. It was a festive celebratory experience of the people – until the point came at the very end of it. And I do believe the provocation was perhaps planned in order to create images that would play well with … officially oriented media.
And of course, I kept thinking about Eliza, wondering if she would have had the same lack of heart acceleration, wondering if this would have been the indication that something was going terribly wrong for her...
He would have been 50 today. Read one of his books. Or don’t. But don’t forget to look around, brother.
Savage Garden Truly, madly, deeply AUS
Dez, purely stated, is one of those people that radiate kindness, and because of this it makes absolute sense as to her motivation for starting her blog. Love for others is obviously in her DNA, it literally emits from her in every word she shares, and the way she listen with me this day.“I moved to Los Angeles to follow an acting career.”As we talk, I find out that Dez is highly talented and no quitter. She is exquisitely beautiful, articulate and educated – the kind of person that makes it in Hollywood.So why the change of heart, “After awhile I realized that my heart was not into it. I wanted to look beyond myself in helping others.”At that moment of self-realization, she decided to return to academics and has followed a greater path toward helping others.Now, four months from completing her Masters in Clinical Psychology, Dez is on her true course to contributing to the world in helping others.We talk for the bulk of our conversation about society and self-work.“When I started school, I wanted to work with children and trauma. But as I spend time in my internship, working in a community mental health center, I’ve been exposed to many different cases and am learning a lot. I think I’ll stay here for now and hope to work with more families.”Dez is a fighter, “I work at least sixty hours a week, class, my unpaid internship and my money making job (administrative assistant).” That does not include the time she puts into her blog and study time.“Why did you commit to a 365 day project with all you have to do?” I must know, after all, I am a 365-day blogger and it’s rare to commune with another.“First, I was a little bored and was looking for a challenge”I think, “A little bored? Sixty-plus hours a week and a little bored,” Dez is a powerhouse of ability and I’m uplifted by her commitment.She goes on, “But the more I got into it, the better it felt. It is great to be a part of something positive and I’ve grown from the experience.”“Would you encourage others to do a 365 blog?” I question.“Absolutely! All they need to do is find anything they are interested in, to listen to their heart and go for it. They will learn a lot about themselves and I’m sure grow from doing it.”That leads me to a more personal question, “Your almost done with your year, would you do it again!”Her reply, as I thought, “It’s been difficult and challenging and I’ve grown as a person. Creating it has changed my life, and it’s been motivating. I’m already thinking about a next project and am letting it evolve in my mind.”Dez’s answer strikes hard with me, I’m on day 128 and, I too am hooked, we’ll see what happens at the end of mine.In meeting Dez, seeing other 365 blogs (there are a few out there), I too encourage you to explore the thought of starting one. I promise, even though a daunting commitment, you will be enlightened.
Your most embarrassing writing experience?
Are these the little hands
The department is 2 stories down in the basement so there is no daylight coming in or fresh air and whatever they use instead of this, makes me very sleepy.
That is where my heart thrives ~
He used our friends, family, and strangers to topple the Giant! He did it by using His people who were obedient when He called. God performed this miracle (yes, $10,500 in about 3 months time is a miracle) so that our family will never doubt that He called us to this path. He loves our children and us! He went to the cross, so we could be adopted into His family and so it's fitting that today, He finished the work to allow Joseph and Samuel to be adopted into our family.
I know that my unschooling friends don't think of me as neglectful, and that they enjoy my children. So it's not personal. I don't want to make an issue of the way things are worded - but I also don't want these ideas of RU perpetuated. I have in the past broken in to say something to the effect that while some radical unschoolers may be neglectful, really it's just an extension of the idea that children will learn the academics that they need when they need it - RUers also believe that their children will learn other things such as ethics, morals, limits, and their bodily needs without being forced to.
And finally, my favorite photo of J17 from pre-prom last night:
xx Jan
And I know that day will come. But knowing that day is not now, can hurt a little.
All of these peeps packing peanuts right now have me thinking. Thinking so fondly about my first pregnancy. About the fear I felt after birthing Barrett. About the joy I experienced after the arrival of Jonah. Thinking about life before children and then life today. Thinking about the anger I felt when I was enthralled in every moment of bearing Barrett and seasoned moms who'd been there and done that, who'd "earned their stripes" snidely warned that I had know idea what I was in for. And thinking about how Adam and I knew we were "ready".
Can we please simplify things? Us normal folk can’t keep up anymore.
Add any of the following with wet ingredients: 1/4 cup acceptable juice, 1/2-1 cup peanut butter, 1/2 tsp maple flavoring
anyway she is going to stay in japan for 5months and learn Japanese :D she doesnt have friends in japan yet so she said she is happy to see us :D
Incredible. Your ability to obtain financial abundance is no way dependent on what some one else does and is just a way the ego works against you to tell you that you are a victim for some reason, that society is conspiring against you to keep you down.
Cricut Design Studio - Program: 1.0.404220.0
Kerri Healy King for bringing me some beach camp sand!
See right
the same question
19 year-old Serbian assassin, Gavrilo Princip, shot heir to the Austrian throne Archduke Franz Ferdinand and his wife, Sophie, Duchess of Hohenburg, during a parade in Sarajevo yesterday. Princip is in a group of six Bosnian Serb assassins. The purpose of the assassination was to break off Austria-Hungary’s south-Slav provinces so they could be combined into a Greater Serbia or Yugoslovia. Things are thought to be much easier for countries, if they all agree, and the more people that agree under that nation, it is said that that nations is to be stronger than the average. The motives of Princip are consistent with those involved in the movement, which has now become known as “Young Bosnia”. Serbian Military officers stood behind Princip in this attack.
We need a few more folks attending, just to fill it out to a nice comfortable size, without it getting to big and impersonal.
Today, I often start with a simple design idea, an image, threads, or even a stitch. I also create designs to try new techniques.
What is Time Travelers?
Day 125- April 25
THUMB
They spoke not a word when a sign did display
We can see the floor of our bedroom, first in months.
The issue of Breivik’s sanity is likely to become the most pressing question in the upcoming trial. The first medical report concluded that Breivik is criminally insane. The defendant has also instructed his defence team to conduct their defence on the basis that he is sane.
My blind eyes even as I speak behold it re-peopled from graves,
The people who take Bigfoot research seriously must also be very stupid, if "The Legend of Bigfoot" is the sort of material they consider valid. (Although this essay at www.bigfootencounters.com explains exactly what sort of documentarian Marx is. In brief, he's a fraud who makes Michael Moore look like Ken Burns. If "serious Bigfoot scholars" do web searches, they probably know what a piece of trash this film is.)
What's at stake? What is at risk?
It is because of them,
The double strategy used in the novel touches the reader more intimately than, say, a straightforward history book ever could. The deadpan authorial voice of One Hundred Years of Solitude is the perfect counterpoint to the content of its “tall tales,” making them that much more effective.
Once this shot was done all we had missing was an action shot mixed with a beauty shot.
She made me laugh so hard. Even to say it with a tear in my eye, as I gave her a big hug squeeze..."Mommy needs some chocolate too." I helped myself to another...
jñāninas tattva-darśinaḥ
A Vietnamese favorite with Chinese origins, Mì Vịt Tiềm is composed of fresh egg noodles, shiitake mushrooms, watercress, and a braised duck leg quarter. The duck is braised in a mix of spices creating a rich flavorful broth for the noodles. Condiments include hot mustard, and pickled green papaya and carrots.
Thursday 3rd May – BBC4 – 9pm
My first exposure to the idea of rockets and space travel came, like most kids, from television and movies. I got money for movies from my father, because that was the only way he could get me to go to church, which, in turn, got my mother off his back. Before my mom had her own, I had to sneak-watch my father’s television – the content of which he thought was garbage except for the news. As you can imagine, when the space program became news, I was right there beside him. I don’t think that he thought very much for the space program, or for my fascination with it. I think he just thought that serious people paid attention to the news.
So now is the time when the real work begins. Signups for volunteers will be up in a few days, and nominations will open shortly after that.
All of the above five views were taken in the garden at the back of the Palace - a truly restful and magical place!
Q:Can you send me the Vienna Boys' Choir schedule? ( USA )
Mr Coulson: In 2000.
I really should be studying for finals right now, but I just have to share this.
82. Whah hurt eye does mek nose run water. When one member of the family is hurt all others feel it
It was said that a PRC woman attempted to abduct kids even with their parents around. That was so scary. Now I don’t even dare to push my stroller if I’m going out alone. Slinging my baby is much more safer. Even going out with hubby, I also don’t feel ease to push stroller. Like just now, we brought stroller out but didn’t use it, we sling Baby Jo instead.
Next, we added layers of compost. Did you know that New Seasons will donate fruits and veggies to your compost effort if you take your own bins and arrange a time with the store? We picked up several layers of organic veggie waste compliments of New Seasons!
The judges who dealt with Jacob's, The Prison Service, The Probation Service, The Crime and Disorder Partnership, The Prolific and Priority Offender Team, those responsible for writing the farcical sentencing guidelines, the Parole Board and the Government who approved the ridiculous early release programs to reduce our prison population are all responsible for his death. If Jacobs had been given appropriate sentences for his previous offending; if any meaningful rehabilitation existed in our prisons, Jacob's would still be alive. There needs to be a Royal Commission regarding our joke of a justice system.
Kiss is there? In full makeup? WTF. Dudes, you're old.
My eyes lingered on some dark clouds on the horizon to the west, travelling east from the Pacific.
Between the nazarenos and the pasos walk women of every age – perhaps several generations in the same confraternity – dressed like old time widows in traditional mantillas (and the occasional impressively high pair of heels.)
As for his list of groups inside the book industry that have been critical of the decision, they have one thing in common. They all have notable ties to the traditional industry, and therefore stood to benefit from the price fixing scheme. Without it, genuine adaptation is looking even more necessary, and that places every group inextricably tied to the traditional model at risk.
8:00- Kids are down. Sometimes Brody will come out and tell us, "I have to tell you something..." "ok, what?" "Ummmm...." and then he'll make some random observance. "Ok, buddy, back to bed." Madelyn will cry some nights when we first put her down, but it doesn't take her long to fall asleep either. We've been blessed with good sleepers! Heath has conference calls for work on Monday and Tuesday nights. He works for an international technology manufacturer, so he has coworkers and customers in Asia that he has to talk to.
As from the house your mother sees
That is what comes to mind when I reflect on all the accomplishments of Michelle Shining Elk.
Don't miss the perfect blend of Regency-era romance and mystery in The Maid of Fairbourne Hall! Grab a copy and then be sure to enter Julie's Kindle Fire Giveaway and RSVP for her Author Chat party on Facebook! Swoon.
Yet To Come is a gem. I am glad I didn't miss it.
The sky remained overcast as we unloaded but I had a gut feeling the rain would hold off; and it did.
Ephesians 2:21 We are carefully joined together in him, becoming a holy temple for the Lord. Through him you Gentiles are also being made part of this dwelling where God lives by his Spirit.
The Holy Grail referred to in Brian Inkster’s heading is a different kind of conference format which will attract more of the decision-makers and influencers. Should we be delivering more content via various forms of Internet-based media? Well yes, of course, but not as a substitute for events at which suppliers, speakers and delegates assemble in one place and actually meet each other. Those discussions – the peer-to-peer discussions as well those with people who are selling solutions – are a key element which would be lost completely if we moved over entirely to virtual delivery of content.
I forgot to take pictures, but it's no great loss since like many stews, this is not a particularly photo-worthy dish.
It is time to take action! It is time to take the destiny of our world in our own hands! Therefore we will meet in groups large and small, as individuals and couples, at the exact time of full moon this May. Millions of us will gather and visualize the liberation of our planet from the tyranny of the central bankers so that for the first time in our history we will have the chance to create our own destiny as free citizens of the Earth…LINK
The contract did not go out to tender, in contravention of Treasury rules which state that all government contracts worth more than R500 000 should follow a bid process.
Doubt is never a good thing. If I hadn’t doubted myself, I still would have written the same book, only faster. Doubt didn’t force me to make changes, or take the story in new directions. All it did was postpone me from doing what I should have done in the first place; write the story I wanted to write.
And see – inviting me to be “part of the party” (so to speak) is giving me back the control I so desperately crave. But deep down, very, very, very, deep – in a place long hidden away – I want to give up all control. All of it. I don’t want to have to think, speak, feel, question, or identify what is about to happen. I just want it to happen. Full exposure to being lost in someone else, and having them engulf you to the point where you don’t know yourself from them. Full immersion.
Oh yeah, here's the other guy's car....
Last night however (and I should have taken photos) we finally made use of the five to ten pound zucchini that I bought at the Ditmas Park farmer's market last Sunday. It was actually the size of a baby and cost $2.00. I am one of the world's zucchini lovers. Squash too. I'll buy one and chop it up into salads, couscous, pasta. I firmly believe that zucchini makes most dinners better.
Sign up and you will be given a blog to work with. Just post one of their recipes to join in.
“You’re my girl too, Shelby.”, Vince said in the voice he reserves only for her and patted her, lovingly. Shelby responded warmly and spun around so that he could pat her back as well.
Have a blessed day today brothers.
Hands down, the BEST–and I mean THE best–dollar I have ever spent was on a cotton deck mop at my local Dollar Tree. Dollar Tree is a chain of dollar stores with their home office of Greenbrier Int’l right here in my city of Chesapeake. It’s not just any old dollar store! It’s Dollar Tree!
“Catnip?” I asked.
Context is when you check out user reviews before buying something. Context is when you Google a current event and pass up CNN or the New York Times to get a blogger’s perspective. And context is something you can’t reliably count on getting from traditional media, hooked as it is on the 24-hour news cycle and reality shows.
What's not to love about Paris? At 8.30pm there are people milling about everywhere; tourists having their photos taken in front of the glass pyramid at Le Louvre to locals and tourists eating at over-priced cafes. All the patrons waiting for their performance to start outside the Comedie Francaise were dressed in black and white. What was with that? Looked fabulous.
The pleasure of sex arises entirely within one’s own body. This is why the pleasure of it can be generated in solitude. Thus, this aspect is better considered as the sequel to a sexual union, or the end-result of one.
People work their entire lives for a number. In my opinion this is no way to live. This is a way to kill your dream of living a fulfilled life.
bending soul minors,
Any of her prints would look lovely hanging on a wall (in my home!). All images used here sourced from her Etsy shop – go take a look.
He smiled and shook his head. "They're not bloody stupid you know, these brewers!"
At around 3:30 I realized I had been contracting consistently all day.
Anyway, here are six classic cocktails everyone should be able to make without going further than Waitrose for the ingredients.
-kT :)
Twenty million notes to self on pastel-colored Post-its –
‘Ios’ by PEFANI – attractive ring made of oxidized silver 925 by designer Alexia Kyriazopoulou. From her Eclipse Collection. With an open shank, for a comfortable fit.
Fearless Brewing Co Estacada, OR Fearless Scottish Ale Scottish Export
Bob: Oh, well then, I guess I can't help you.
It was so great to share my NY foodie hobbies (a few of which not pictured, like mac & cheese at S'Mac) with the girls. My favorite people + my wonderful city = A seriously great weekend. I can't wait till our next reunion at the end of this month: visiting Anna in D.C!
STAY AWAY from folks who preach violence, STAY AWAY from those who want dismissal of the Constitution and its restraints on government, and STAY AWAY from those who seek the overthrow of the government. These are people attempting to use you for their own ends to gain power: see the Occupy groups in the U.S. for an example of how bad this sort of movement can be.
I respect someone if I consider them intellectually, emotionally, and spiritually capable of hearing my honest opinion. I show respect to someone, by having the courage to inform them to their face of my honest opinion.
Now I’m delighted, as part of her promotional blog tour, to welcome T G Ayer to Absolute Vanilla.
It's not a great photo. The saturation's not right and the zoom has affected the sharpness, but compared to the old VGA images that I was used to, this was a revelation. It's almost good.
Very classy.
Mt. Kilimanjaro: Read 50 books from your TBR pile/s
1 konis
Like most of us, I first encountered Pete Brown through his books about beer, which are at the same time informative and highly amusing. He has always struck me as someone who would be excellent company for a night in the pub. But recently my admiration for him has further increased due the outspoken stance he has adopted in combating the tide of neo-Prohibitionism.
If you are 5, and told that you were going to eat at a Pirate's House, you may be expecting something like these guys:
I can't believe that Christmas really is just around the corner, but finally we have snow. I love it, most I am sure don't. So pretty and white.
Grandmother, I missed you. Soon I’ll visit your grave.
at ease in the moment
Everything stamped in Olive as well as the Honey colored base of the flowers is from the Unscripted (new) stamp set. The Terracotta overstamped flower and Thank You are from Treasures (old), and the notepad lines stamped in Cocoa is from the Typeset Workshop on the Go kit (new but set to discontinue at the end of this month). The paper is old B&T in Terracotta.
Now, take the mint insides and freeze for about 10 minutes or so. While they freeze, temper 300 grams of fine quality chocolate - I like 70% Cocoa. Over a double boiler, heat 200g of the chocolate to 80 degrees, remove from heat, place remaining 100g of chocolate, stir until incorporated and melted, then return the chocolate to the double boiler and heat to 88 degrees (on your chocolate thermometer). This is a science! It can be tricky. Don't feel too bad, just do your best! ( I just misspelled chocolate 3 times in this sentences - OH MY! Thank you spell check!)
Happy Easter to you all! This is a card I made with Crafty Secrets "Spring" set! I also used Papertrey Ink's embossing plate called "Picnic Plaid" for the background and the I used Lauren's MTME Fresh Fabric Collection DP, which is digital and can be used again, and again, and again.I cut it with my pinking shears...lots of colors too! I placed 3 glitter dots at the bottom...and that is that :)
Najib was widely expected to announce the panel into what Sabah BN leaders say is the top election issue there when he visited the state later that same month but the prime minister concluded his visit without addressing the issue.
In my opinion women and mothers are the secret weapon to having a really good society to live in...
When the Q&A began, Michael Decker praised Bilbao and said he cheered for Gehry when he got an honorary degree at Brandeis--"and now I live in Brooklyn."
a spending vehicle offered by a third party sponsor to said individual in exchange for at least a portion of said individual’s right to receive said payment due;
To book your Angel Reading via email, or an appointment by Skype, please click on the link below…
and dark nights of the soul,
Courtney~
Certainly not for my late night entertainment. Some ghost enthusiasts say that a sudden, unexpected death causes a spirit to be confused. Others say a spirit lingers because he or she has unfinished business. The latter explanation resonates with me, maybe just because I can’t abide the thought of a spirit being stuck forever. I need to believe that he or she has the possibility of finding peace. Still, it seems like many ghost stories live on through the generations – a particular ghost in one house, decade after decade. Could so many spirits be stuck for eternity? These eerie places the ghost hunters love to visit, are they all haunted by sad, trapped souls? Or do our imaginations take flight because we are eager to hear a good story?
the smell;
West and his dangerous rhetoric are exactly what this country doesn’t need at this solemn moment in our nation’s history. If only duct tape would be enough to shut him up.
Albeit with the emphasis on odd.
I’ve always looked young, and enjoyed the look of surprise when I’d cop to my age or present an overzealous bartender with my I.D. I never thought numbers would get me down: I’m too evolved for that kind of backwards nonsense! But last year, that number o’ mine hit me like a ton of bricks. It occurred to me that it sounded old. I sounded old.
Neville realises that something must be done and it falls to him to rally the troops but, in much the same way as Alice had difficulty persuading people to do things in Wonderland, Neville encounters a similar intransigent bunch, entrenched in their ways and unwilling to listen to the facts.
maybe they would have stood
I always thought it's a normal thing, happen to many women because I've heard many mention it?
To promote 'Be Seeing You' the Feelgoods returned once more to Canvey's Labworth Cafe. They had already taken a series of iconic shots here a few years earlier with Wilko, so perhaps the return marked the final handing over of the baton.... For this shoot, the lads donned Prisoner style jackets (the title of the album had been lifted from a phrase used in the cult TV show).
When I think of summer fruits as as child, the first thing that comes to mind are big, red, sweet and firm cherries. My brother and I had a ritual of searching for the ones with the stems joined together and saving them since they were the "good luck" ones. Today, Uncle Jason eats cake for breakfast so this chocolate cherry cake is for him.
The Attorney General also announced that the Justice Department’s FY 2010 appropriation includes an additional $6 million for Indian Country prosecution efforts. At least 35 additional Assistant U.S. Attorneys and 12 additional FBI victim specialists will be added in offices with an Indian Country caseload. These new resources will enable the Justice Department to bring the federal justice system closer to Indian Country, including through a Community Prosecution Pilot Project that the Executive Office of U.S. Attorneys is currently developing.
The ambiance in was enhanced with vendors of arts, crafts, and some traditional food cresting the dance floor. The floor highlighted dancing involving tribal members of all ages from around the Pacific Northwest.
He even managed to show the joys and difficulty of married life and all that comes with it in 1988’s She’s Having A Baby. A movie that had more of a personal touch for Hughes as it is very loosely based on his early writing career and marriage.
poly.pistachio -
destructive_home: No. She does counter surf and appears that she tries to get things she wnats
Usually it's Van Damme showing his goods, so I'll say good on her!
I also love love this rose cake, plus it looks super simple and I Am Baker gives a tutorial on how to do it. I'm not a cake decorator but I think I can do this one. Decisions decisions decisions sometimes it's hard especially when your doing it for friends you just want everything perfect. Is anything ever perfect? Nope and really it looks better if it's not.
If Inlinkz is unavailable please leave a link in the comments, thank you
There is a medical explanation for this phenomenon.
As many of you know, sleep has been pretty elusive to me lately. Last night was turning out to be one of those nights. I was up at 1 am…very stressed…once again worried about things I had not control over. Worried about friends that were sick and hurting…worried about money…being lonely. I was just thinking that it was going to be another night of 3 or 4 hours of sleep when something very strange happened…I shut down! I completely turned off my mind and body and gave myself up to sleep!
Five weeks on, his is still being treated in North Manchester General Hospital.
On Saturday 27th April at the wonderful Kelvingrove Museum in Glasgow and on Sunday 28th April at the new Glasgow Riverside transport museum.
After the graduation in KCC. I mean. after we finished taking pictures from the photo booth. xD we already went to McKinley via taxi. when we arrived there. the stage is there. we see the poster in front of the gate saying “to the concert grounds” ???? xD HAHAHA!! ohmygad. we ate first at Mcdonalds on the 2nd floor and we waited until 7pm.
3-4 oz. Gimme Lean breakfast sausage
The worst parts (which there are many) would have to be well the entire plot because they completely messed with the original story by Alexandre Dumas and is far worse than any interpretation I have seen before. The only explanation for this would be that they gave the original story to a child with scissors and glue stick because that’s what it feels like.
But, there is one issue with him.
About the 59th Cannes Lions International Festival of Creativity, 17-23 June 2012, Cannes, France:
The transmitter, he said, had been only glued on so that it would fall off in time. ‘We hoped it would stay on for five or six months, but it appears in this case it’s only stayed on for two weeks.’
16. Eskimoes have hundreds of words for snow but none for hello.
Lifespan: 9+ months
3. If you do choose to wash your clothes in the room and you don’t have access to or want to pay to dry your clothes at a laundry mat with
Invitation for Friday Toast and Roast for out of towners - since we will already be married we can't really call it a rehearsal
Last night, I went to bed a little too late.
Isn't it funny how already the media is saying that this is a suicide, before any autopsy is even begun. And of course the media is already giving us multiple reasons for his "suicide" - his affairs, possibly an illegitimate child, my goodness - of course he HAD to kill himself. So, the man to succeed to the highest UK police chief position was a drunk, crazy man, who has had multiple affairs and is possibly the father of an illegitimate child. The word "possibly" speaks volumes here - lets smear this guy to establish probable "suicide" motives.
Duvel is fermented three times after infusions of sugar and yeast (two strains are used). It's bottle-conditioned and aged for at least 6 weeks in cold storage before heading out into the world (the expiration date of the bottle I tried this weekend was November 2009). Bottle-conditioned beers, because they contain live cultures, age better than "dead" beers. The pocket of air in non-conditioned beers inevitably leads to oxidation, which happens more slowly in bottle-conditioned beers, which are preserved by the yeast. Bottle-conditioned beers continue to slowly ferment as well, which removes sugars and dries a beer out.
According to her Daddy, she was cranky and wouldn't let him put the cardigan on her at game time. When the game went into overtime, he finally got fed up and draped it over a sleeping Nora... and the Bruins scored. It looks like he's got his good luck charm for the rest of the season...
Winter Walks in cold, crisp conditions
In mercy come quickly.)
Here's the beauteous fabric sent to me from South Africa by Robyn of ArtPropelled. I'm hoping to get time to make something from it soon. And I've just finished a sculpture series dating from almost a year back, which I'll show you in a coming post. In the meantime, I'm happy to have done more teabag drawings.
NON-JURING LEAVEN IN THE CHURCH OF ENGLAND AND OXFORD HIGH ANGLICANISM. The relation be tween the Non-Jurors of two centuries ago and the Oxford High-Churchmanship of to-day is a subject of much interest, and also of no little importance. Modern Oxford High-Anglicans sometimes seem to imagine that they fully account for the Tractarian Movement in all its developments, and at the same time entirely justify it, by asserting its direct lineal derivation from the Non-Jurors of 1688. Finding the Popery of James II., with all that it involved, too evil and pernicious to be endured, and therefore welcoming William III. as their deliverer from intolerable tyranny and destructive error, the Non-Jurors nevertheless refused to accept William as king, or as anything more than a sort of Regent for the time being, clothed with the royal executive power and jurisdiction. They took up this attitude on the ground that having subscribed the oaths of allegiance to James, they could not, for conscience sake, violate those oaths by accepting William as their sovereign de jure. The incongruous and untenable position which Non-Jurors thus chose to occupy is luminously shown by Lord Macaulay, where, in his History of England, he has dealt with this period. But if any should seek for a more impartial judgment than that of a Scotch Whig like Macaulay, he may refer to Dean Plumptre’s sympathetic biography of that most charming and Christian of Non-Jurors,Bishop Ken, which furnishes a mild but convincing view of the irreducible difficulties and contradictions in which that excellent and gifted prelate found himself entangled by the verbal quibbles and puzzles involved in this Non-Juring attitude. From the whole history it can hardly be doubted that he would have retreated from his false position on to the ground of sane logic and of common sense, if he had not found it beyond his power to extricate himself from his antecedents. He, therefore, silently accepted the disability he had imposed upon himself and declined controversy on this subject.
Four years ago today I stood on the sidewalk outside of the downtown convention center on a cold rainy day huddled under an umbrella. When the Silver SUV pulled up to the hotel parking lot next door I peered through the rain and paused for a second before dashing over to the car and getting in. Hello's were exchanged and then we decided where to go for dinner. Two weeks prior my friend gave him my number and texted me a pic she took with her cell phone so this was not only our first date but our first time ever meeting each other. Afterward, I was asked how the date went. I shrugged my shoulders. It was fun. I don't know. He made me laugh and he was cute but I was highly independent and skeptical. We'll see. Four years later that man in the silver SUV is my husband and we are settling into married life. We are adapting to each others quirks. Learning of our strengths and weaknesses together and as individuals is an ongoing process. The so called "honeymoon phase" of dating is different then married life. It's the natural progression of a relationship and I embrace it just as I took delight in those early getting to know you dates.
Yeah that didn’t work so well. My step-father had spilled the beans the day before… so she was suspicious, and kept questioning everything I was doing. I refuse to lie, so when she point blank asked me what the fuck was going on… I HAD to tell her. How else could I explain away wanting to buy a pound of lobsta meat at the fish market? Seriously.
I think I have, however, found out what's taking up the space on my laptop. It's patch files from Microsoft. Not sure if it's just Office or Office and Windows, but to find out which ones I can delete, I have to go through each one and check if it's in the registry or not. In other words, a full days work at the best, considering there's 12GB worth of them, and most of them are 4MB in size. Having said this, I've thought I've know what the problem is on several occasions, and it's been a dead end every time, so I won't hold my breath this time either.
young I couldn't wait to be 30 years old and now...I would still like be that age, but know
Mountains are beautiful. They seem to change constantly, yet we know they actually never change. Only their “emotions” seem to change with the ever-changing weather and light. One moment they’re sunny and alive and the next they’re brooding and only halft there.
This book feels exactly how a series-ender should be! From page one it is complete and nonstop action! There were no throw away scenes in this book!
Florida archaeologists agree with him on the time span, but disagree with many other of his group`s claims.
Now I look blond because of the streaks she put in, but my hair isn't completely dead from being bleached all over! Plus I have a rockin new cut. And it looks really cool with my new aviators. (I've always wanted aviators and now I have some!)
"I will," I promised, "when they all go inside."
Mr Sheridan described new evidence that showed Douglas Wight, former Scottish NotW News Desk editor and current national NotW Features Editor had used Mr Whittamore seventy times for enquiries, not the ten times that Mr Bird had previously stated. Mr Bird replied that he had only seen ten records of payment to Mr Whittamore on the system.
As always my workshop includes a thank you gift from me, inside of which are some lovely samples of our new Satin Pleated Ribbon...
But enough! This stuff smells grainy and plastic-like, pours with no discernible head (but with very active and lively beading) and tastes vaguely sour and plastic.
I was fraught with worry in relation to aspects of novel writing that I didn’t really understand, considering this is my first venture into writing – that of libel, defamation or other scary legal words I had stumbled across in relation to writing about real persons or events. Despite my fiction novel being based on true events and real people, it contains no falsities, malice or ill-will towards any of the main characters (well, apart from myself perhaps!). For the most part, it is a thoughtful psychological analysis of how certain events, people and instances can effect the human psyche from childhood through into adulthood and up until self-discovery.
In a car with the stereo on
Honestly I don't have high hopes for this cycle. I'll still be crushed if it doesn't work though. Doing this one last IUI will give me more time to mentally prepare for IVF which I definitely need. It would just be so much easier if this IUI would work.
Amit Bansal answers, Now a days, self assessment has become a norm. I barely hear of organizations who do not follow this system in they appraisal practice. It’s a fair means of assessment and gives a lot of opportunity for any employee to highlight their achievements.
Xi Shi and I walked down the road to where the map showed a pond. There was a lady sitting on a chair fishing. Said she wasn't catching anything. We took some photos and then headed for the nature trail. Site #58 is closest to the pond so I guess that would be my favorite. It looks exactly like the site I'm in so I didn't take a photo.
Furthermore, even in a conducive body (ie water), even with organs specifically directed to that purpose, sharks cannot sense small electric fields from great distances.
Brokerages in New York, London, and Japan, as well as those all over the
Some more information about real estate is that if a homeowner fails or misses to make a payment, lenders can file a public record, a NOD, and then starts the pre-foreclosure process.
Finally the Tempting Turquoise card:
11% of secondhand hard drives contain personal information, study reveals – Britain’s Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO) has discovered that more than one in every ten secondhand hard drives contains recoverable personal information of the original owner. In the case of the hard disks, 11 percent contained personal information. According to the ICO report, 37 percent contained non-personal information, and only 38 percent of devices had been wiped. A further 14 percent of the drives were too damaged to be readable.
In my next post, it’ll be a bit of an inspiration board. A little added background to my work, if you will.
Weaving looms attached to showrooms are rarely functional, at least not the ones I’ve seen. They’re displayed more to sate curiosity of travellers bussed to weaving centres returning from visiting monuments, here the Ellora caves.
THE POP COP: Thanks for taking the time to talk to us.
The house is set in a lovely old olive grove with trees that are who knows how many hundreds of years old. The kids loved it and could run around playing while the mister and I took turns at going through the house.
Nothing crazy was eaten today. No gas or stomach pains either.
I cry dry tears,
Sophomores:
If you’d seen how they worked it
Here is a mock up of my Twinkling Star (with fabric and markers).
thrillseeking.
against all sense and nature,
haaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaai.
She told me that just before she said she had to go shopping with the sometimes wife of her second husband.
Dan Worsley Welsh Conservative Party
Prabhupada: “A patient is thinking, “How shall I dance when I become healthy?” First of all, rascal, become healthy, then talk of all this. The rascals are thinking like that. You are patient; first of all cure your disease, material disease. Then talk of all this. Utopian. “When I will get rich, how I shall treat…. I shall…. Then my wife is disobedient and I shall kick her like this,” (laughter) and as soon as he kicked on the earthen pots, all broken. Then he, “Oh, then my…. All prospects have gone.” You know this story?
I was expecting a lightweight jersey, but seen at close quarters it looked extremely heavy. Of course this is where my vintage fashion knowledge, or lack of it rather, lets me down, so I’ll have to assume this dress was part of a winter collection.
“Sir, you have to let me be here! Do you want Van Raighan to succeed?” It was all Rel could do to keep from begging. Few towns were closer to a Sherim than Federas. Without the Warding, there would be Wildren in the streets, maybe even in the houses.
All week, we’ve been discussing the past and where that fits into our future. Most people would perhaps advice you to just ignore the past and move on. I suggest a different approach. When you board a cruise ship or airplane, you bring on the luggage, filled with all your “stuff” from home. You don’t abandoned the luggage for the journey you are about to take. However, you choose to take only the items compatible for the location you’re enroute to. This is step one.
I’m sure if you listen to Radio 1xtra and listen to Grime, DnB and all that then you love it. For me, I once again do not understand the hype. It’s fairly monotonous and really annoying. Perhaps you’ll disagree though.
While cakes are cooling, spread shredded coconut on rimmed baking sheet; toast in oven until shreds are a mix of golden brown and white, about 15 to 20 minutes, stirring 2 or 3 times. Cool to room temperature.
Lord Shiva told her that no one man can have all the 5 qualities. But as usual Drupadi highly stubborn and egoistic would not relent, Lord Shiva granted her wish. Except she had to be the wife of 5 brothers- each Pandav brother had one of the qualities she desired.
But, I do shower everyday so I don't feel bad.
FACTBOX
Celery stalks (optional), 2 stalks, cut into bite size
Very patient readers will recall that my unfinished doctoral thesis concerned university unrest in Tsarist Russia, and one of the reasons I gave up - apart from finding out that some rotter had already written it - was the realisation that politics at the student stage suffers from precocious senility.
Still, downscaled expectations will be among the most common themes of the decades ahead of us, and those who have the uncommon sense to figure this out in advance and start getting ready for a less efficient future will very likely benefit from the increased resilience that will provide. Over the weeks to come, as I finish up the discussion of salvage and prepare to wrap up the entire series of posts on green wizardry that have been central to this blog’s project for more than a year now, I hope to be able to suggest a few more options for resilience along these same lines.
KUALA LUMPUR, Feb 20 — An Arab visitor allegedly attacked two women at a Kota Kinabalu backpackers’ lodge after flying into a rage over a kiss.
2. How to make a roux**
We - the royal we here as it was in fact not we - just Alan:-) even cleared out the lofts and now have new insulation so the house is toasty and warm.
Michael is yelling from the basement for help with his Wii game. I drag my body of the couch.
Miller was playing a four-ball tournament with his friend, 66-year-old Ted Price last Wednesday at Lake Ashton Golf and Country Club. Price said his ball landed closest to the 15th hole, but Miller had hooked his into the water that borders the green. The golf course uses the pond for irrigation water, Price said, so the water is clear, not muddy. No one saw an alligator, Price said, but in retrospect believes they should have been more cautious because of that.
There is lots of goodies in the pantry and the freezer
Hmmmm
Lesson: librarians need to be part of curriculum redesign teams. Also, need to review those standards and this new “creativity” spin to figure out how we can use this at our own institutions.
Research published in theJournal of Antimicrobial Chemotherapyclaims that not only is garlic more effective than ciprofloxacin and erythromycin, it also takes a fraction of the time to work. The research was based on tests on the common food poisoning bacteria, Campylobacter. Further research in theAfrican Journal of Biotechnologyalso concluded that raw garlic was effective against Staphylococcus aureus, another common food poisoning bacteria.
1/2 tsp ground nutmeg
In the online dating realm, I’ve heard numerous figures thrown about, the latest one being that at least 35% of all men posting profiles on online dating sites are already married. I know friends who know men who are married, won’t leave their wives, but want to be intimate with other people than their wives. Their reasons? ”I’m staying in it for the kids.” (I have my own opinions about the disaster that creates.) They mention a lack of love and or sex as reasons for exploring outside the relationship. No matter what, these people are not available. Run, far and fast in the opposite direction, lest your heart get involved and be shattered into a million shards of emotional torment. In other words, don’t waste your time.
The scraping sound went along the whole row of windows until the lamps were burning as if at a funeral. Outside snow was falling. The trees were standing in rows and were as black as they had been before and they let the snow fall on them and the fringe of forest on the horizon was still there.
Upped exclusively for free trading and enjoyment by Yours Truly, ECMM
But we may have reached the point where markets and market watchers, especially those interested in precious metals, have become too obsessed with the prospects for more quantitative easing, or QE. It is widely believed that QE will produce future inflation on a major scale, which is seen as good for gold in particular because it is traditionally viewed as a hedge against inflation.
Many, many Indian boys are called Gautam, these days. And they think that they are named after Gautama Buddha. But do you know that Price Siddhartha who became the Buddha, was named after his aunt Gautami, who raised him? Gautami is the name of the river Godavari. And did you know that the river Godavari is was named Gautami after Gautama Maharshi? So if your name is Gautham, may be you are named after Gautama Maharshi himself!
"It’s just: Now that I’m getting all of these messages about the “enemies” I’ve made, for pointing out how even idealistic activist left-wing types will dissimulate and back-stab and attempt to promote themselves at your expense and without respect for you, I think it’s time we all get a brief crash course in How Things Work. If you’re a friend of one of these women, will you find a way to be nasty now? Yes, quite possibly you will."
The wishing well: Carson's Disneyland moment. We watched a little video about Disneyland on YouTube before we went, and it talked about this wishing well by the castle. Carson could not stop talking about what he was going to wish for. Well, I think he finally decided to wish for Bentley (his best friend) to bring him a dog when he got home. Yeah, sorry buddy... he's still waiting for that wish to come true!
Wow, what a crazy week it has been. It really took a toll on me and I have realized I have not been getting enough protein. Despite eating protein first and at every meal, I'm getting the amount my nutritionist wants me to get but it is not enough. I'm losing muscle and hair!! Yikes! So, post in the comments what protein shakes you like best! I need ideas!! Thanks!!!
Mix chopped fresh herbs with olive oil and garlic. Add to quinoa. Add lemon juice and season with salt and pepper.
I woke up today feeling no less different than I was yesterday.
Going through this preamble gives the confidence to the reader that he/she is in for a real treat. Mr. Paritosh Uttam has carefully chosen these 28 stories to entertain reader. The best thing about this anthology is one finds all sorts of stories here, especially the comic ones to tickle your funny bones. For example, “Alabama To Wyoming” by the editor himself amuses the reader. He cleverly exploits our craze for all things American and how sometimes we end up making a fool of ourselves in the bargain. “Father Of My Son” by Roshan Radhakrishnan is surely going to make you go crazy with laughter especially if you happen to be a parent of children aged below ten ears. Every time I look at my sons, I cannot help thinking about the hilarious “Father Of My Son”. Mr. Roshan Radhakrishnan has indeed shown a lot of promise as a story-teller in this short-story.
1/2 vanilla pod scraped (or 1 tsp good vanilla extract)
2 dead
12. tuning
The exhibition Personal Tempest explores how our inner state of mind can be affected by natural phenomena, and how at times these effects can develop into a 'personal tempest' - a 'storm' of confused, eerie and uncomfortable feelings. Mirrored in imaginary accounts and personal testimony, the show explores this romantic motif through paintings, drawings, video installations, and photographs. Based on Thomas Bernhard's book ' Amras' and Emily Brontë's novel ' Wuthering Heights', Personal Tempest combines historical and contemporary approaches with poetic storytelling and conceptual presentations.
On judgment day, Jesus will have to say to some, “Depart from me, I never knew you.” That means, not only that he never knew them, but that they never came to him and never knew him. They never gave themselves to him, nor asked him to forgive their sins and to live in them. They had made their bed with the one who comes to “steal, kill and destroy”, the one who “roams the land like a roaring lion, seeking whom he can devour”.
Abilities = Skills
Two of the strongest films gave vivid views of two very different settings. “Farewell, My Queen” is directed and co-written by Benoit Jacquot who has made other notable films centering on female characters like “The School of Flesh” and “A Single Girl”. “Farewell” unfolds in the court of Marie Antoinette as revolutionary fervor spreads and the aristocrats begin to realize they are in danger.
I have 5 of these planters to do and
And then I find that they have gone out of business. Just like that.
Probably take the mail ferry from Palm Beach, it’s a two-hour round trip along the upper reaches of the Hawkesbury River. You jump on the ferry, and it stops at all the little communities. It’s this most spectacular natural harbour north of Sydney, but it’s mostly bushland, with these incredible sorts of views, and you can just sit out and look and it costs virtually nothing. At the other end it stops for about half an hour at this little place where you can have a cup of tea or coffee, and you just jump on the ferry and come back again. It’s just a wonderful way to spend the day.
But still, like air, I'll rise.
2 1/2 cups heavy cream
Marcus Keeley
My intention is to take time every Wednesday to share with you what I have been creating and the pages I have been turning. My hope is that this will open up a space to help build community here at less & more. I would love to hear about the books you have been reading and to see the projects that have been keeping your hands busy!
For this cake, I used Rose Levy Beranbaum's classic White Velvet Cake recipe. As I've mentioned before, it's the perfect "cake base" for flavors and different types of frosting. It's called "white velvet" because that's what it feels like on your tongue! It's perfect!
Well, eventually, I did the work and discovered that being spiritually bankrupt means to realize you can’t buy God’s favor with your righteousness because you have no righteousness to put on the table. It is to have your pockets turned out before God, understanding that you have absolutely nothing that can save you from His judgment. This is a wonderful truth that must be embraced before a person crawls to Jesus to be saved, but it is also an example of the assumptions that the Church makes about the explanations and sometimes obscure words we use in conveying the message of the Bible. So, I urge you to search out the meanings of words and phrases that have always confused you and on the other side, be careful to teach the words and expressions of Christianese in clear and fresh ways so that people actually understand and don’t just pretend to understand.
After the Solna district court decided in favour of the companies, ePhone appealed to the Court of Appeal, which reversed its decision on the basis that the publishers were unable to prove the infringement of their IP rights. The publishers appealed to the Swedish Supreme Court, which decided to stay the proceedings and ask the ECJ:
Of course the government doesn’t do this primarily through outright grants of money; it does this primarily through loans. And of course not quite everyone gets help from the government. But that doesn’t change the basic principle at work: It’s a matter of degree. Things aren’t as bad as they could possibly be; they could be worse if everyone were receiving government help to pay for college, and they could be worse if the government were doing grants instead of loans. (If things were as bad as they could possibly be, the cost of college should theoretically approach infinity.) Of course, doing loans instead of grants has the added disadvantage that it saddles a large (and poor) subset of the population with crushing debt.
Measuring the coefficient of friction of flooring is the most common way to determine the expected safety of the surface. Most manufacturers of floor coverings publish this data and make it available to customers. However, comparing data from different manufacturers isn’t as straightforward as it might seem.
Submit your photo and accompanying essay no longer than 500 words to
In the same outdoor lot, I found this fur stole, and at first I wasn't sure it would work with black accessories, but it did. I guess you'd call this faux fox, but honestly, what I know about fur you could squeeze into a thimble. Maybe it's time to learn. Not bad for $15. The best part about it is that it really glows.
Mary!) and though I don't think she reads my blog I just want her to
Oh, nevermind. First, it’ll sweep your floor of all the dirt. Next? It’ll clean THE WORLD of useless humans! I’m on to you vacuum robot. You little waffle-iron lookin’ mother fucker.
When you take a photo of a person or animal,
BEFORE: (ick)
This review is long overdue. Three years overdue in fact, as I loved the Blue Diamond cafe in Chiang Mai so much, I intended to write about it right after I ate there during my gap year in 2009. Moseying, market crawling, drinking, socialising and other general frollicky travellery things, however, got in the way – but my experience of it was so good that it stuck in my mind. When I think of it now I can almost smell the waft of lemongrass and Thai basil which greets you on your arrival and the taste of its delicious massaman curry – sweetened with whole cinnamon sticks which sink to the bottom of your bowl and when you’re done eating and want more, make a lovely surprise to suck on until you’ve finished every last little morsel. As well as their lovely, traditional Thai curries, I couldn’t get enough of their salads – huge, healthy, full of flavour and complete with lovely ingredients like avocado, smoked tofu and good quality vegetables, which, to no surprise (the Thai love a touch of food sculpturing), were often cut out into pretty shapes.
1 link of browned chicken sausage (I used the sweet Italian flavor)
and our soon coming spring.
Text & Narration – LEE HARRIS (leeharrisenergy.com)
I did not know? Every one of these
“What do you need her for?”
Paper - MME patterned papers
Uh, rock steady
Because of my historical interests, I tend to view the State's dominance in mass communications as being one of those trends that is best exemplified by the fascist states of Italy and Germany in the 20th century. Although governments of course had used various means of persuasion, often religious in nature, to get the common folk on their side, none of this had had the immediacy of the new medium of radio, film, and latter television.
Ngozi, the night masquerade has called.
Just cause. ^.^
Team leader Dr Roland Leigh, of the university’s Earth Observation Science Group, said: “We will be able to map the pollution in 3D to show emissions of nitrogen dioxide and how far they spread.”
-mica
He arrived at 1:10 pm today and we are in love! I will be back later with the birth story. It is a bit of a doozy but we are thankful Will is healthy and here.
at Sweetish Hill some lies I'd told myself
Do you love what you see on Health Demystified? No, I didn’t say like – I said LOVE. Do you want free kickass content that you can use right away to kickstart your journey to health, fitness, and success?
The Waiting Place…for people just waiting.
oddly enough, handwritten, on the back of an invoice for motor oil and
I’m human. And I love seafood. So when fresh seafood starts coming to our local market in the early spring, I go a little crazy. And going a little crazy usually means I blow my budget. Maybe even by a lot. I think this spring we had an entire week of nothing but seafood. At the end of the day, though, it’s like a fun celebration of the end of winter and the beginning of lighter foods on our menu. As long as it’s not a usual occurence, we’re ok. We make up for it over the next few weeks and we calm down our purchases. So stay on budget, but don’t let an occasional celebration ruin your joy.
All I can say is that if it feels relevant to you and you take something positive from it then take it, its yours. If I say anything in it thats just plain wrong, I’m sorry I meant well. And if you’re totally unaffected thats cool.
She can be very persuasive.
Good day everyone!!! I hope you all enjoyed this beautiful Thursday! I have actually been in the house finishing up some cleaning. I got my surgery time for Monday and of course it’s in the morning. I have to be there at 8:30 a.m., so I’m hoping that my weekend will go by slowly, so I can’t have too much fun this weekend cause my weekend will go so fast. It kinda doesn’t feel like Thursday because the week has been going by so slow.
“She was going to fuck us over!” Bitch shouted.
Publisher; Harlequin Books
Will do a proper diary of my Paris visit soon. I am back in London tomorrow afternoon and I am to plan my May Queen shoot.
Is the UK under direct attack from internal and external forces through espionage?
Kenny West (REP) 1.85% 80
Last year, the Eagles finished 18-15 record and finished third in the OVC.
Step 3: Now it’s time to start completing offers! I’ve already got a guide on how to complete them successfully here-don’t worry, the link opens in a new tab! Altogether it will take you an hour, if you follow the offers guide successfully, which isn’t bad considering you get a free month of Runescape membership at the end! In fact some people can do it in only 30 minutes! (IMPORTANT: Make sure to sort the offers in order of most credited-as highlighted in the picture-this will ensure you do the best offers to get points).
A hush above the rest. Fleshy heart gone.
i smile 'cause there are some things i'm sure of and this is one of them.
Here’s why their story is in the paper today. We cannot allow such callousness to continue unremarked, from the irrational, senseless teenagers who attacked two people just trying to go home, from the police officer whose conduct may have been typical but certainly seems cold, from the tweeting nitwits who think beating a man in Norfolk will change the death of Trayvon Martin.
France continues to serve as a haven for looted African resources with the encouragement of French politicians, businessmen and banking officials. They continue to encourage corrupt African leaders to steal from their poor countries and hide their loot in French Banks. France continues to serve as a paradise for corrupt African leaders where they enjoy their loot after leaving office and the French authorities are quick and too willing to entertain them despite the growing call for France to take action against them.
Weak Dollar: US State Policy? Hijacking Revolution? Muslim Brotherhood Wants Power in Egypt! Webster Tarpley: Revolutions or CIA Putsch Campaign in the Middle East? Pastor Lindsey Williams: Middle East Crisis, Oil, Dollar Collapse, Gold & Silver Skyrocketing …. 13 April 2011. Bob Chapman: JP Morgan And HSBC Are Trapped ! JP Morgan And HSBC Sold 45 Ounces of Silver For Every Ounce of Silver They Own!
These are sooo cute, my fave is the neon pink beach bum and J'adore Beverly Hills oversize T. The libertine dress is PERFECT for 4th of july...
I was standing in the kitchen after lunch. Price was upstairs. Quade was running around the house downstairs (around our little circle of hallways). I was holding watts and getting water ready for nap times when i hear a "splat" sound. followed by a little voice saying: "Need a new diaper"
Tin of red kidney beans
I am actually not adverse to this kind of partnership but it does always put me in a quandary about commercial publishers who decide to plough the furrows of self-publishing services, and whether it is because they truly see it as the shape of future publishing or simply see it as an answer to the latest economic global downturn. My own opinion if a publisher acts on the latter reason is that they see self-publishing in a very short-sighted way—in effect—they see it simply as a means to an end, rather than where self-publishing actually is. While self-publishing is not at the core of the publishing industry, it certainly has progressed enough to be considered a part—though small it may be—of the greater publishing industry.
Thoughts of him begin to take her over as she speeds down the motorway, oblivious to the "Police Targeting Speeding" signs. He's under her skin, in her head, on her body. "Its all so fucking hilarious" he'd say, she's thinking "Hold on boys . . It's going to be a bumpy night"
The LORD is a God who knows,
Without the grand gestures by the federal government to pour funds into high-level federal operations, better scrutiny of the sex trade at a mere local level, would reveal many of the victims of "advertising" that Mr Akasaka is campaigning for.
I am a flower quickly fading
Find the Influencers & Seed Clouds
After admiring Maloles shoes from afar I recently took the plunge and ordered the Zoe pumps in taupe. I really wanted the yellow pair which weren't available in my size at the time, but I'm really glad I got the taupe colour as they go with pretty much every kind of outfit and I know I will get a lot of wear out of them. They are really comfortable, a great fit and I love the quirky addition of the ribbon.
Flowering can occur throughout the year. Like other basils, they occur in small terminal spikes. Each flower is pink/lavender in color and only about 1/8 inch across. They are especially attractive to small bees. As the flowers are pollinated, they form a small thin papery seed.
To which, as any good friend would, she replies, "Are we talking about a one time thing or forever?"
- English Proverb
Bellow you can see what other supplies I used for the project.
“I won’t forget your famous line, ‘Married men are lonely, too,’ ” she recalls bitterly.
Hope you all have a fabulous weekend.....have fun creating!!!
Note that on your product page, Amazon will only ever list the entire category line/breadcrumb/ thread/chain/whatever. For instance, while my book may be #2 in Medical Thrillers and #10 in Thrillers, someone coming to your product will never see that it's #10 in Thrillers. They will always see:
Tuesday, 5/8: Slow cooker — red beans and rice, sauteed veggies
I enjoy all things outdoors. Camping and fishing are two of my faves. I also enjoy reading, it allows me a little time in another world "away from it all". I love making matching dresses for me and my daughters. I am trying right now to take my sewing skills to a new level by trying my hand at making some fitted diapers for the Velociraptor. I enjoy listening to music, I have tons that I love and only a select few that I don't. I'm not big on wearing make up though I will for certain events and I own dress clothes and heels but am more comfortable in jeans, a cute top and some tennis shoes. I am pretty easy going and can be very spontanious at times, though being a Mommy has given me alot more responsiblities and spontanaiety and parenting does not fit all the time!
2010.08.11 Pakistan Mohmand 1 3 A woman is killed, and her three sons injured, when militants fire a rocket into their home.
Apparently the city found a solution for the bat huggers because finally renters were asked to leave again and, as of a month ago, the buildings were cordoned off for renovation.
The key to making perfect lemonade is to make a simple syrup which is just water with sugar dissolved in it.
Bathroom Before:
When placed by the side of any alcoholic drink it shows itself infinitely superior and much cheaper. Take of fine oatmeal 1/4lb
Wish harm upon another.
There are six different ores: Coal, Iron, Redstone, Lapis Lazuli, Gold, and of course DIAMOND.
My hands, so nimble with yours waltzing across my own
And now I see I'm all alone
We open in Britten's dream world, seeing Britten's love-hate relationship with Los Angeles, represented by smoggy skies, bumper-to-bumper traffic, and a homeless guy living under a bridge. While jogging, Britten encounters a woman walking a yappy little dog, who lunges at him. The dog's owner chews Britten out for "scaring" the little monster. A homeless man offers to sell Britten a box of junk for ten dollars; when Britten declines, the man asks for a dollar on general principles. Britten then intervenes in an increasingly violent argument by two drivers whose cars have collided, while muttering, "Stupid city." But in the dream, Britten is alone; Hannah is in Portland, Oregon, and when he's on the phone with her she can't say enough nice things about it.
play an instrument, paint or do
Nobody has ever tried harder to make things work. Not just what people think I want - I'm not even sure I want it anymore - but even a simple friendship has just become beyond complicated. Every day I fall asleep knowing that I need more, I want more, from someone, anyone. Every day how I think and feel drains so much from me and I get so little in return.
And so, as those years passed, I came to truly experience what Psalm 23 describes: Christ’s rest, his refreshment, his nourishment, his protection, his goodness, his kindness, his own very personal love. And my cup really did overflow, more than I could have ever imagined.
No matter how well-reasoned one's arguments are, as a tactical matter, a head-to-head confrontation in the media with Yergin will be a draw at best, but more likely a loss since reason is not what moves crowds. I agree that the fact that Yergin must now address peak oil explicitly and at length shows that he is actually on the defensive. Before, say, 2005 he wouldn't have bothered even to mention it. This shows some progress, but not among those who matter most.
I hope this advice serves you well.
That color wood really isn't my style and even though it looks pretty good in this picture, it was pretty beat up in some spots.
So Rebecca and I sat down to eat in the corner by the window and stared at the comings and goings of the restaurant while chowing down on our meal. We saw a girl with a clipboard running around talking to people, a makeup person and the like.
Tori, Christina, Zeke, Shauna, Uriah, Lynn, and Marlene were...presumably under the attack simulation, with the other Dauntless. She doesn't know how the Dauntless reacted after the attack simulation ended.
Yet it may not be enough.
I am certain 99% of people stocking up believe the guns, ammo, mags etc they buy now will be safe but what if they are not. What if they say for instance that certain guns and mags are banned and they have a grace period to turn them in.
The Phoenix rises
We mostly walked for the ride, with a little trot and canter. I had such a good time! Daisy and I needed that off-farm activity :)
I won’t say much about this right now because it is a topic for another post, but an agency is a company that manages idols or talent. Its not just Japan that has talent agencies, but many other asian countries have them as well, like Korea and China. Talent agencies are more known in Asia than in the west though, because the western way of managing talent and raising talent is a bit different than in Asia for the most part.
It may be argued that the course of action I am taking is founded upon fear, fear that Congress will again fail to act on the matter of appropriation, and it may be asserted that the members of the Congress are presumed to be as patriotic as the members of this Court, if not more, and that, therefore, we may rest assured that they will not fail to fulfill their duty. I admit this to be true, and accordingly, I ask what is then the hurry and necessity for nullifying the executive order on appropriation which we are sure will soon be substituted by a valid appropriation act? Why not defer judgment and wait until the special session of Congress so that it may fulfill its duty as it clearly sees it? I can find no reason against this suggestion except, perhaps, a desire to assert judicial supremacy in a case where judicial statemanship is more necessary.
Fresh fruit bars in the middle of winter? You betcha ! You can always find fresh berries in your local grocery store. Opt for organic if you can. This recipe will work with blueberries, blackberries, even strawberries. Just use the same fruit flavored jam along with whatever fruit you choose. I went with raspberries because I had both the jam and some fresh berries on hand.
3. Weigh less than 250lbs
I have a new blog! I am not abandoning this one, well at least not intentionally. But I have a new blog which I am excited about, because it has a challenge in it. Nothing New In 2012.
Whether you’ve always enjoyed having a furry companion or you were ambushed into it by your children, we all know that pets can cause some major headaches in the home. Pets can dig holes in your backyard, chew your shoes, claw your couch, and leave presents for you on the floor.
E. Holiday Ornament from Briarpress. This is just cute and holiday appropriate. It can even be personalized with photos or a greeting. Definitely easier to wrap than an actual press.
“Oh, there’s no need to worry about that,” Gunther assured with a cock-eyed grin. That expression turned quickly as he watched Aryc pull out a large boot knife from its sheath on the man’s leg.
I have to agree with another commenter that it looks like a painting. Definitely, this was the high-light of my week on the web.
I love serendipity – the word and the thing itself. It just makes you feel like something is meant to be.
The tire tracks in the snow reminded me of all the times I pretended to be a train when I was a child. When it snowed, I dressed in my fuzzy one piece snow suit and snow boots, and I would then run around through all of the car tracks making train noises. My train would stop and gather passengers, take a right at the fork in the tracks, and chug on back to my house when I was finally cold through and through. Well, today I did just that. I threw on my winter gear and walked through car tracks, my camera in hand to snap shot my silliness. And when my toes were sufficiently frozen - it didn't take long - I was back inside enjoying the fireplace and feeling perfectly satisfied with my walk down memory lane. Perhaps tonight, hubby and I will make a snowman for date night.
While this album flows well as a complete CD, recorded in 1986 and released in 1987 as the CD era was really getting rolling, The Joshua Tree still has that sense of Sides One and Two, heard not only in the closing notes of the beautifully sad “Running to Stand Still,” but also in the new-day opening of “Red Hill Mining Town.” Granted it’s another day of hard times, but the six songs on Side Two are an under-appreciated stretch of gems. Much has been made about this as U2′s “American” album, with bluesy harmonicas and slide guitars and the “wide open spaces” of the production matching the desert imagery, and a lot of it can be found in the one-two punch of “In God’s Country” and “Trip Through Your Wires.”
NEVER GET COCKY.
The Berlin of today, however, within a short lifetime ... has become home to millions. They are rooted here, as a man can only be rooted in his homeland.
I've put up with stalker-blog readers, critical blog-readers, snoopy-blog readers, LOST blog readers looking for pool-cleaners... all for you... my REAL, favorite readers, yet do you click????? nope.
The next step was to learn about tints, shades and tones.
Constitutional limits on media censorship in Australia
We are talking about thermometers, right? Conversation overheard: I didn't know you needed to clean it before you stuck it in and after you took it out. Umm yes. You need to clean the thermometer before and after testing. What did you think they were talking about?
I love hanging out in their neighborhood, whizzing through their world.
One definition that caught my attention really explains who some of my
As is usual with old churchyards in the city, this one has been landscaped as a garden but some of the tombs have been left in place, including the one below, which I photographed and thought no more about.
You guys. This show! After months and months of hearing people rave about it, I decided to check it out. Thank the good Lord for Netflix, because I watched all seven episodes in one sitting. And I regret nothing! Downton Abbey is not necessarily a unique premise, but there is just something about it that makes it compelling, can’t miss TV. It’s nuanced, it’s complex, it’s sexy, it’s humorous, and it’s completely soapy. We see the different Edwardian class systems, hear about inheritances, and see how the upstairs and downstairs live completely different lives. It’s fascinating. Truly. I can’t say that enough. Mary and Matthew are compelling to watch in a Mr. Darcy and Elizabeth sort of way, and Mr. Bates and Anna’s budding romance is never boring to watch which is definitely a feat when dealing with normal, regular people. The delightful Maggie Smith gets all the best lines (“What is a weekend?” “No Englishman would dream of dying in someone else’s house”) as is her wont, and every time she complains about Americans or electricity makes me want to bow down to her. Whether we’re watching Thomas and O’Brien scheme together, Edith rat out her sister’s indescretions, or maid Gwen trying to get out of service and become a secretary all the while youngest daughter Sybil helps her. Season one ends with the declaration of war, so season two begins in the middle of World War I. Season two premieres on PBS in January, but as someone who just couldn’t wait to watch it, I will tell you — without giving anything away — that while season two takes a brief decline in terms of quality, it never failed to keep me engaged and wanting more. Here’s to public television airing something this good for all of us to see. Thanks, PBS!
grape leaves.
collecting the whole set)! What a great way to get a head start on the Christmas Season (while it's still hot and the kids are just getting back to school so you haven't figured out how to fill all your free time yet. Grin.)!
He sometimes chafed at the rules, but he got the analogy. One time he told me ruefully, "Dad doesn't have a tree. He has a whole forest." True. His turf. His rules.
Book #84 of 2012
HayKay: Love u. Thinking of u.
Now – oh wonder: -the answers came from a place that I did not control at all – and I was surprised watching the process.
Oh, and I forgot to mention that Gundam was pretty huge here as well and it constitutes another half of the anime community other than moe and cosplay, all thanks to the vast amount of toys it has. Most of the fans are in for the gunpla and character design than the actual show itself though.
We have a great fun theme for you this fortnight, and that is paper piecing!!! If you are not sure what paper piecing is or how to do it you can check out Kylie's tutorial on the Whiff of Joy Inspiration's blog here!!
Complex Magazine even put together a gallery of “40 Inspiring YOLO Tattoos” (Which you can see here) We hardly they are “Inspiring” by any means, some even look like scratcher tattoos, but it’s a good representation as to how far this trend is reaching.
Ever the optimist... 2009 will see some of my hopes fulfilled, I'm sure, if not, there's always next year? LOL.
2001, and alongside the backing of Martin Pipe (to whom he was a conditional upon turning professional) he was supported by Nigel Twiston-Davies, to whom his father was formerly assistant. His biggest victories have come aboard Madison Du Berlais in the Hennessy Gold Cup and the Betfred Bowl at Aintree while he has enjoyed Grade One success on the tough staying hurdler Lough Derg and this season won the Grade One Feltham Novices’ Chase on Grands Crus. He also rides for his brother Michael, who took over the family’s training licence from his grandfather in the 2008/09 season. Scudamore lives with his wife Charlotte and two daughters near Cullompton in Devon.
Driving home the other night, both Kim and I saw a beautiful thing. It was a rose out the front of our house under the light. In the darkness it was as if it glowing. I friendly reminder of how beautiful the world can be. It was a reminder to stop and smell the roses once in the while.
She was so so so so SO upset and just kept going on and on and ON about it.
Besides the clothes, I love the architecture. Everything about European architecture is just beautiful. The arched hallways, marble staircases, cement pillars and cobble stone roads create an atmosphere ideal for a blogger with a camera and a hand full of cannolis.
Now, just two problems. How to write it up properly, and how to get it to someone who is in a position to make such changes . . .
Then we will need a lot of new journals, or new publishers for old journals if more editorial boards jump ship. And those journals will need editors.
I do understand that with husbands, wives, children, work, and so on…we get busy, but it’s our obligation to make room for our parents, grandparents, great grandparents, even those elderly neighbors that need us to make sure that the remaining years of their lives are spent with dignity, laughter and comfort. It’s a circle of life….Our parents cared for us when we were born, they probably help raise our children when we were adults, and then comes the time when we must care for them. We will one day be those elders, and we can only hope that we’re not part of the forgotten elders.
Right now, I am the happiest when I am working. I love my job, and it's a wonderful feeling. Being so close to animals, walking side by side with these majestic creatures. They have the power to cause some serious damage, if they wanted to, yet most of them are as gentle as can be. I love opening the door to one of the horse boxes and being met with curious eyes from the little foals. Unsure of whether or not they should hide from you or come closer. If I turn my back on them I often find them nibbling at my jumper.
So, a year later, why did we enter Daegu stadium with only two sprinters able to make finals? Why did we need a come from behind effort to win the 4x4? Why were we “hoping” to maintain contact with Jamaica in the 4x1? You can point to injuries – Gay, Wariner, Spearmon, McQuay. You can point to bad luck – Patton going down in the 4x1. But I’m going to point to the fact that our sprinters have gotten away from what has worked in the past – training TOGETHER with the best available coaches. And when we talk about the rest of the world “catching up” they have done so using the very same methodology that our sprinters have gotten away from!
* Cool on pan 10 minutes and remove into rack to cool.
Teach him Marxism-Leninism and tell him to defend the revolution
Those who have heard of Timothy Treadwell probably saw, or at least heard about, the documentary film Grizzly Man which was put together by filmmaker Werner Herzog in 2005. He was a man whose life had hit bare bottom, but was completely changed and revitalized when he experienced seeing wild grizzly bears in Katmai National Park, Alaska. His love for the bears and for all nature, deserves to be remembered both now, and always.
I'm currently dealing with a case in which the attorneys on the other side are untrustworthy. They literally lie and cheat. It is despicable. They are the type who give rise to "jokes" like the one above.
113 5. “Federal Prosecutions and American Politics: A Note of Caution.” Chicago Tribune, April 22, 1973, sec. 2, p. 3. See Item D-V/2/1973, below.
1 cup (180g) caster sugar
“Light bulbs, refrigerators, toilets, you name it. You can’t go around your house without being told what to buy,” Paul said. “You restrict my purchases. You don’t care about my choices. You don’t care about the consumer.
I look for the silver lining.
Ask for forgiveness
I am so grateful with what I have now. The room is so nice..spacious and the best thing is the view! I can see South China Sea and the Miri River from my window. I love sea..I love the scenary. I can see the Miri city. Not only that, the people are great to me and only God can pay their kindness to me.
DDot reconfirmed the news on Twitter as well.
You’ve been in a number of different film and TV series – which actors/actresses have been your favourites to work with so far and why?
The U.S. government lately seems to be demanding celibacy from Secret Service agents, so why is celibacy still such a “hot button issue” when it comes to Catholic priests, who regularly deal with matters of life and death, and who typically remain “on-duty” 24/7 and 365, wherever they happen to be?
2009.This season Hughes has unleashed another exciting novice hurdler in the shape of Lyreen Legend, an impressive winner of a Grade Two novice hurdle at Thurles in February. He also holds the notable feat of saddling a winner on nine consecutive racing days during the 2006 Christmas period. His son Richard is a leading Flat jockey in Britain.
Again, TRUST YOURSELF.
As previously stated, knowledge is obtained through familiarity. Therefore become familiar with someone. Become familiar with the knowledge gaining process; “…seek ye diligently and teach one another words of wisdom; yea, seek ye out of the best books words of wisdom; seek learning, even by study and also by faith” (D&C 88:118). Knowledge is gained by opening our mouths to inquire, opening our eyes to new experiences, and then closing our mouths so our ears can hear the knowledge being imparted unto us.
3) Keep your phone off. Not on silent, off. The room is dark for a reason and when your phone lights up to let you know ‘you’ve got mail’ we all can see it.
It was a strange reaction
I am the model of how to have a very bad Good Friday. I have been a holy terror. I have been mad, impatient, and grumpy. This is a horrible start to a day without a ton of food. I am doing the opposite of what I should. I think it is time to re-examine the rules. Which ones am I breaking? Which ones are you breaking?. I am sure the answer to this horrible day is hidden in the rules.
yes why? Because bloggers blog… just like writers write. Yes I got up early but was cooking and missed my early morning writing opportunity. But dinner is over and i’ve worked a little on the novel. I’m a little sleepy, but before the pie comes, thought I’d do my report… yeah I didnt get my four pages done. But i got two… I am a writer. I write. Even on Thanksgiving.
Cain killed his brother Abel by slitting his throat, as one would in animal slaughter. The two men were Adam and Eve’s sons; so, murder — as horrible as it is — appears very early in the Bible. It demonstrates that there are wicked minds in the world capable of death and destruction.
Racked with unwarranted guilt and worry, Grace desperately wanted to help her mother. The only way she could really help her mother was to convince her to use the oxygen the doctor said she so drastically needed. There wasn’t anything Grace wouldn’t do to try to make Doris happy. Doris had no mental short-comings, but the lack of oxygen caused her to have her moments. “Grace, did you know that you are only one of four children?” Doris said to Grace. “You didn’t know what caused you to have them babies, did you Mom?” Grace replied in a teasing manner. “No, I sure didn‘t. And I had five babies before I figured it out!” Doris explained. “There are only four of us Mom.” Grace informed her. Doris thought for a second and said “You, Eve, Connie, Shelly and Ike.” Grace rolled her eyes and said, “No Mom, Ike is your baby brother.” Laughing Doris replied, “You’re not stupid, are you Grace?. I was just seeing if you were paying attention.” There were times when the lack of oxygen seemed to cause Doris to behave as someone suffering from Alzheimer’s disease.
We are called the silent ranks but it’s never said why we are silent. I’m here to tell you it’s because we are waiting. We are holding our breath. It’s easy to be silent when you’re afraid to exhale. We wait…on letters, phone calls, emails and homecomings. But there’s more. We wait on training schedules, new commanders, duty rosters and dates for the field. We wait for leave approval and four-day weekends. We wait for dinner or else someone has to eat it cold. We wait for orders, Transportation, dates, and housing. We sometimes have to wait on Christmas, birthday and anniversary celebrations. We wait for phone calls that will always come at the worst possible moments and require you to give up a perfectly wonderful Saturday evening. We wait to see what last-minute changes will happen because we all know there will be some. We wait on life filled with uncertainty. We don’t usually see it that way though. To us, we are loving a soldier and couldn’t imagine life any other way.
Anyways, the next scene is the girls at their apartment. Caroline is holding a financial assessment meeting and says they made a $725 profit after 5 months in business. Caroline says to Max that they should find more money to make on the side, but Max says that things may get worse because life always gets worse. Caroline tries to get Max to be more optimistic, but it’s a no go. A police officer then knocks on their door and asks them about the tenant that lived in the apartment above them. His name was Nirham Chaduri and he was found dead in his apartment 2 weeks after he passed. The random death leads Caroline to think that she should say “Hi” to the other people in their building (and bring a cupcake plate to them of course). Caroline goes to the apartment next door and introduces herself to a man in a dog leash. After that encounter, Max hears music blaring and footsteps from the new tenant above them. Max wants them to stop the noises, so she writes them a threatening note and leaves it under their door. After, they hear the music stop and a bang on their door.
She would like the government to impose a moratorium on the use of sludge on farm fields until more is done about its potential health effects.
On the other hand, Vince really caught my attention with their spring mailer! It was incredibly plain. The Vince brand name was cut out of a simple cardboard piece, with a yellow insert. Stuck to that insert was a simple gift card that said “$50 Vince” on the front. That’s it, no other words. I instantly had a truly emotional response and thought “Wow! Who sent me a gift card present? So exciting!”. Then I flipped it over, and saw that it was actually a promotional coupon for “Please enjoy $50 off your purchase of $250 or more using code VINCE50”. A coupon re-branded as a gift-card! Love it.
7And our cry went up to the Lord, the God of our fathers, and the Lord’s ear was open to the voice of our cry, and his eyes took note of our grief and the crushing weight of our work:
Description (from Amazon): In the deep blue waters of Lake Superior lies a small island of hummingbirds, rabbits, and hardy Norwegian fishing folk. On that island lives a boy named Carl who wants nothing more than to be out on the water in a boat of his own making. So this is a story of sawing, nailing, and sanding. But because Sand Island neighbors are closer than cousins, this is also a story of picking strawberries, moving rocks, and mending fishing nets fine as lace.
- Lash band is clear and flexible making it easier for application
“They say they are cleaning it up, so why are these findings still emerging? The EC team should resign en bloc and let a new team step in to clean up the roll,” she added.
Future Happiness.
What is more important in a library than anything else - than everything else - is the fact that it exists. - Archibald MacLeish
What I forgot to take a photo of was the bathroom wall - luckily tiled - splattered dramatically with the red fabric dye that I also used on the orange one when the bleach didn't show up as much as I wanted. And the syringe full of red liquid on the side of the bath. Thank god no one called round just then.
for getting involved in lesser things.
I had been up for a while writing. The sleep-over downstairs making Jurassic Waffles- don't ask.
1 cup coconut milk
But then, you say, oh, what the heck....and you just do it?
or for everything else, you can use all the time, almost as an auxiliary of each sentence.
Truth: Lifestyle has a direct impact on life insurance premiums. Typically the healthiest individuals see the lowest premiums, but other factors that affect cost include lifestyle choices like smoking, as well as your occupation and hobbies, says Blake.
What in the hell! Here I am all prepared for a lecture and He admits He is at fault. I felt better instantly. It's crazy in a 24/7 how routine comes into play and when the routine is off I as the sub feel completely put off. As I was kneeling at His feet and we were discussing our disagreement I was already in my submissive head space. I am allowed entrance to His bed and lay in His arms and talk some more. I must of gotten a little to loose lipped because He tells me, "So are you trying to give me a lecture?" Eeepp..... I shut my mouth and get to my duty of His nightly oral.
I don’t expect any thinking, rational person to believe in me because I am aware that too many things about me just don’t add up. That’s why faith is key. Faith makes the ridiculous sensible, the impossible plausible, and the most evil deeds beneficial as part of my master plan. So, don’t question, don’t think, don’t analyze, don’t read widely. Just have faith and believe in ME.
Limski kanal
The Epilogue lists 64 steps that will support the three pillars that sustain a free and strong America – a strong economy, a strong military, and a free and strong people.
This particular bias and typical move is interesting: the power of maintaining a moderate liberal vision and an openness to ideas actually leads to a conservatism that undermines itself. I have called liberalism the “current traditionalism” from a phrase we used in composition pedagogy about the beliefs of “standard grammar” that people believe are transhistorical but aren’t actually traditional. Liberalism, even more than conservatism, has had massive influence on European and American society since the 1800s, and the orientation here is interesting: liberalism as a ideology and liberalism as an orientation would have a tendency to shift into conservative modes of thinking to maintain itself, and thus would be hostile more to the left pushing it forward “too fast” and “risking everything” and thus would tend right overtime. This would also go far to explaining how things more.
celebration here in The Cafe.
Week 1 was very productive... packing, organizing, taking things to Goodwill. Week #2 I started to go a little crazy and by week 3 I was ready to lick the Miyuki right off that seed bead. Okay, maybe that's a little exaggerated, but I was going through withdrawls. So when the opportunity arose that I had a little extra time, and some brand new shades of Nicole's Beadbacking that I wanted to play with, I "allowed" myself to sit down and create - in my new studio.
It could be any one, a combination, or all of the above.
- Don’t forget about the little things in life. Stop rushing for a few minutes and take a good look around you.
Heat Embossed the floral image which were stamped randomly....
What do you see when you look around? What will you take them?
A bag of Trader Joe's Peppermint Pretzel Slims
When I was little, I loved to have a free weekend day to call a "beauty day". I would do my nails, condition my hair, and give myself a facial using my mom's creams. This may have come from my Nana, who every Sunday without fail would do a similar thing. She would take a long bath, shave her legs, and paint her fingers and toes. She had a flowered cardboard box of nail polish in the kitchen that she would pull out, and I loved being there when she was doing her nails so that I could do mine too. Those were happy memories for me.
But this year’s journey was somewhat tainted by the very travel methods we all work within in the air transport industry.
My theme was butterflies and flowers....so you will see them throughout the mini
Keweenaw Bay Indian Community and the Bad River Band of Lake Superior Chippewa recently collaborated on a Statement of Information submitted to the UN Special Rapporteur on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples documenting concerns about the activities of multinational mining corporations in Anishinabe territories. The Statement of Information is available here http://www.badriver-nsn.gov/images/stories/docs/activities_anishinaabeg.pdf.
This past weekend, Christy and I attended my 20-year high school reunion.
Hire a kayak for one – or make a date of it with yo beau – and paddle up the river towards Fairfield. Once you get past the ‘Sunday Driver’ row-boaters, you’ll find yourself virtually alone in the bush (which is weird, given you’re about 5 kms out of the city) – just trees and birds and the occasional ‘pro’ kayaker. On hot days you might see (gulp) a snake slithering across the surface of the water. YUCK! I don’t think they can leap into your boat though, so you should be safe (should be). If you go far enough, you’ll find yoself surrounded by sleeping fruitbats, which is eerie and creepy and kinda like something out of a horror flick… And it stinks a bit too. But it’s totally worth it.
1: Oman I can’t believe that!!!
This can be further developed by another quote from Bloom,
It looks like Utah’s Attorney General (posts), Sutherland (posts), and the Salt Lake Chamber (posts) that failed in the GOP convention are now going to have another go at it with Soros’ help. The event seems to be set up as more of an echo chamber than a summit given the one sided lineup of speakers. Plus there is the tell-tale schtick of intentionally failing to differentiate legal and illegal immigrants by lumping them all in a “immigrants” (an effort to cloud the issue).
You belong to uzzzzzzzzzzz. You will be like uzzzzzzzzz. You will be upgraded.
Francis Chan related a story about the spiritual reality of his wife’s grandmother to how a man loves a woman. This lady couldn’t wait to meet with the Lord. Daily she knelt by her bed talking to God. Even the sight of that place would bring her joy to know she could go back at any moment and be with her Savior. When a person is in a relationship with another person, they want to do anything to be with them. Anything. There is this man who died for me, who loves me more than I understand, and yet I’m more concerned about networking with musicians or finding out if Verizon will finally get the iPhone.
Locally I would place myself as center and then say other locations as up from, over in and down in in relation to where I am. I know that must mean I know roughly where I am in location to these other places but for me it's important to differentiate. Not just say "Up in" when the place you're talking about is south of you. I think "Over in" is a good get out phrase if you don't know where the place you're describing is in relation to where you are at the time of the conversation. It's not like we'd ever say "Under in," now is it?
Only Urban Dictionary defines it differently, as “a statement that is true yet misleading.” They give as an example of its use, “Our web site is dedicated to dispel the mistruths propagated in their campaign.” That’s a pretty lousy sentence and it could easily be taken either way.
And see the other DT LO's.
“Fantastic, that’s certainly worth a point, ” he says.
Another busy week in the Working Mum house.
See you all next week!
Hello there bloggy loves! So after months and months of talking about changing my blog name, I finally took the plunge and did it!
Whether they are cognizant of it or not, those who permit and encourage mass immigration into Britain are pursuing a huge, unplanned exercise in nation building. Britain’s own failures in this area – Iraq in the 1920s, Palestine, the partition of India, the unnatural and brutal division of Ireland and the meltdown in Iraq post-2003 – have been so disastrous that one would have thought they would have compelled politicians to reject any such plans for Britain. Where there are racial and cultural differences nation building can only be achieved through violence and any such artificially constructed nation will eventually be destroyed in violence. Nations may be seen as a contract which individuals make with their fellows. Where there are too many “others” there can be no contract, then government, often by the application of harsh legislation, must step in to regulate the disputes and allocate resources which should properly be left to individuals making their own decisions. The persecution of whites in the USA in the name of affirmative action and equal opportunities is an example. Swedes have been traditionally willing to tolerate levels of high taxation in order to support the welfare state because their country has always been racially homogenous. Once racial minorities in Sweden become too big and too troublesome, support for high taxation will break down or Swedes like their fellow Europeans will suffer and complain in silence. Racial and cultural differences matter.
so if I can find someone to bring me toilet paper and toothpaste, I may never have to visit the grocery store again!!
I will live and accomplish all that GOD has set out for me in Christ Jesus! Amen!
In many ways it is quite understandable. The image is counter-cultural to say the least.
We've purchased our home,we have a really good start on being very self sufficient here with all the gardens and fruits trees,berry bushes,and the rabbits.
What's in our Box:
Just me, my words, these
Ba-dum. Ba-dum. BA-dum!
May 5 Tulsa, OK BOK Center
10) My gratitude for this moment now… as I read this post… once before sharing it.. I’d like to share but one more practice… To keep track on content… I created a Office OneNote page… that helps me quickly paste content that I am drawn to… from other bloggers posts… so I can use them in my posts… try it!! Each time I go to the one note space… I feel really good!! To have a chance to share the thoughts and sentences that touched my life… with YOU too!!
Darn.
﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿Challenge
Apply all over the acne blemishes area. Helps to get rid of blemishes and scars.
ashamed
this is Lord Chesterfield, I told
The Discover Downtown Alliance invites residents of the four-state area to attend “Joplin’s Third Thursday Events” the third Thursday of each month beginning in March.
Sometime later I was brought back to my senses by the touch of his fingers pulling at the ties to the blindfold.
--Gracie, team leader
I just want a divorce.
I really had fun making this...I'll try some more as soon as I find some good pics ;)
Though, Mom’s reading the labels to make sure I don’t go too far the other way. I think I’d rather get my blood sugar stabilized and then worry about how much I weigh, like Dr. Dugal suggested.
After about half an hour the metal has completely solidified, and can be immersed in cold water to cool it down. Doing this also damps down the investment, the dust from which contains silicone and other nasties that you don’t want to breathe in. When it comes out of the water, the muffle looks like this.
- I had no idea that Chuck Hayes had his own signature shoe.
Supply List:
Up the steps to the microphone - two at a time.
How long did it take for liberals and their media lackeys to blame Republicans and conservatives for Jared Loughner and the “climate of hate” that resulted in the Tucson, Arizona shootings? Probably about two minutes, but New York Slimes columnist Paul Krugman was the first “mainstream” “journalist” to viciously attack the right two hours after the event (evidence not required).
The article below indicates that an online tracking resource has been set up to find out what burden Dodd-Frank is causing the public. So I went online to find where I can express the burdens that Dodd-Frank has caused me. I consider myself somewhat savvy when it comes to finding information, well I guess not, no such luck, but will keep looking.
Anyway, I haven’t been posting at all and I have a really stupid reason.
May 21 – Turtle Crawl 5K, Jekyll Island, GA 31:46 (again, entirely on the beach)
My date (let’s call him Jake–but let’s not confuse him with Jacob from Twilight. You will understand more, shortly) and I spoke on the phone several times before our Friday night date. He seemed alright. Normal, even. And then Friday night was upon us. I dressed super cute and straightened my hair. Really, I went all out. Finally at 7 p.m., he called me from his cell to let me know he was parked in front of my apartment complex. I hadn’t wanted to give him the exact apartment just in case (thank God for foresight!). I took a deep breath and walked down the long driveway to the street. To the beat up old truck that was smashed in various areas.
(for 7" tube pan)
1.a distressing emotion aroused by impending danger, evil, pain, etc., whether the threat is real or imagined; the feeling or condition of being afraid.
Kruder & Dorfmeister: Original Bedroom Rockers
Any U.N. Security Council action on Zimbabwe may have to wait until South Africa, Zimbabwe’s neighbour and longstanding defender of President Robert Mugabe’s government, relinquishes its council seat at the end of the year.
This doesn’t have to be reserved for times when you are stuck. I enjoy taking my writing outside on occasion, just for a change of scenery. It usually reinvigorates me and the creative juices flow a little faster. Try changing your perspective to see what happens.
The book includes real recipes from real women, a quick guide to planning meals for a month, the best shopping strategies for saving time and money, and tips on the best ways to use a slow cooker, freezer, and pantry.
1452 ***D-II/5/2003. “Why Did you Do It? On Naivite and Realism.” Older Students Seminar, The University of Chicago Law School, Chicago, Illinois. (Incorporated in Item B-15 (Projected), above, pp. 457-67 (2004).)
Did you follow along with any of the Buy Nothing New Month in blogland. I am thinking of joining the BNNM a month late, better late then never. My aim for the month is not to buy anything new when it comes to Christmas presents, there are some things that I will have to buy for the men in my life (that is a whole other story that I may share one day) But I know that I have enough fabric in my stash to make all of the girls in the family a little dress and thinking pj's for the boys. I am also going to go through and use up pantry and freezer and fridge items, that includes all or most of the condiments. It all helps in the packing and unpacking that will occur here in 5 weeks (eeekkkkk!)
And there's no possible way I'm the only one that feels this way.
Today I’m celebrating Chantelles 30 something! Cheers to a wonderful best friend, a spiritual soul and native queen (credits to K Dog for that one).
Here is the world. Beautiful and terrible things will happen. Don’t be afraid.
“It sounds worse than it is,” he hedged.
With a scream, Dora vanished. The entire net of the Sherim shook, and the floor became elastic, stretching and bouncing under Rel so he stumbled. Reflex made him grab at the strand by his shoulder, but his hand went straight through it.
Mara has spent time pondering her mother's soul. She doesn't know what a soul is, and feels no need of one herself, but she understands how important it is to her mother. By the time she reaches the church where her mother is at prayer, she knows she cannot live much longer out of her element, and with her last strength she enters the building. What happens next is terrifying and heartbreaking. But love wins through and brings the story to a perfect end.
Data integration is transforming marketing to a dynamic means of engaging customers at the right time, with the right offer, in the ways they choose to buy.
Carefully lift a corner of the sweet potato to confirm that the cheese has melted and the sweet potato is cooked. Allow extra time if necessary to melt the cheese and finish cooking the sweet potato. When fully cooked, remove the sandwich from the pan and allow to cool for one minute. Slice the grilled sandwich in half and serve warm. Enjoy!
The Clash- The Unreleased Combat Rock Sessions
GARROSH: The fuck, you’re giving him shit for “Mortimer,” but apparently “George” is—
The DMV was no better. The cop/guard there made me step backwards 1 foot. Seriously. Somehow me standing at spot X was okay, but X + 12 inches was not. I had my camera with me so I considered taking his picture but I knew that would escalate into me getting arrested probably. As fun as it would be to sue them for false arrest and/or win a case and embarass them, it would be expensive and stressful. Anyone wanna sponsor me?
MAC Painterly Paint Pot - I use this as an eye shadow base. (I prefer it over Urban Decay's Primer Potion, sorry guys, I know a lot of you love UD's primer!) It's very creamy, easy to apply and prevents my eye shadow from caking and wearing off.
Like Circle Lenses, hair needs a lot of attention, even when you aren't wearing them! Here are some tips I've picked up from being a wig and extension owner:
In the same range there is also a brown one, a tripel one and a winter one. Let's see when we get to those.
This soup was light, filling and flavorful all at the same time. You could add cubes of tofu to the soup to add extra protein. As long as you make sure to use vegan dumplings, this soup is suitable for vegans.
Then you are going to bake this for about 15-20 minutes, you want the cheeses to be melts and to have started to brown. While this is in the oven you can be cutting up your veggies for the top. (I mentioned the ones I used on top of course if you eat other things on your tacos normally you can add those or take off things that I put on mine)
¼ cup chopped parsley
12. Nobody Knows You (When You're Down And Out)
Slovakia debuted at the Eurovision Song Contest in 1994 with Martin Durinda & Tublatanka, and they only achieved 19th place, Slovakia has only taken part in 7 Eurovision Song Contests, Missing the contest from 1999 until 2008. Slovakia is yet to win the Eurovision Song Contest.
I was keen to find out who they were and so photographed this pair of gentlemen riders. In return I received a Paddingtonian hard stare but I at least got the logo: the Hogsback Chapter UK.
I’ve already said I’m no cook, but I’m a trillion times the cook I am the car mechanic. I had to have somebody help me figure out how to get my hood up a few weeks back. At a gas station. Very fortunately, an older gentleman took pity on me.
When I sit down to watch a movie at home, I often need to press the pause button so I can get up and fetch more coffee, another piece of candy or a new glass of wine. The moment I do, I'd notice how the mess of on screen characters suddenly freeze, struggling so hard to rush forward that they leave motion streaks across the silver screen.
Mom said she'd make my favorite corgi-shaped dog biscuits today, too.
The fifth book in Chris Morphew’s brilliant Phoenix Files series, Fallout, is released in NZ this month. To celebrate I want to highlight this great series by posting my review of the first book in the series, Arrival, my review of the latest book, Fallout, and an interview that I did with Chris Morphew last year when he came to NZ for the Storylines Family Day. If you haven’t already discovered this series you should go and grab copies of them now, especially if you’re a fan of Michael Grant’s Gone series.
Fax: +33 2 99 285 001
The next task was to try and fill Guy’s car as two of us going up in his Land Cruiser wasn’t going to be cheap! By morning my postings to the North South Cup Facebook page and to the Avon Yahoo group had yielded results, with the other two spaces filled by Ken Wilkinson and Neil Roberts who we were going to pick up en route. Ken then very kindly offered to take his car which at 50mpg meant that the fuel bill was going to be halved compared to Guy’s wagon. Excellent – things were coming together nicely!
When Rush Limbaugh took note of Santelli, he said, “This is the pulse of revolution, starting today!” The Tea Party movement began the next day.
I am so glad I didn't interfere out of panic. I offered lots of ideas and possibilities, and I learned (eventually) not to judge their "No thanks" answer, either with a sigh or rolled eyes (I didn't even realise I was doing that until they pointed it out, because it was very subtle).
2) To try and respect other people's things, take care of them. (I always borrowed Mom's jewelry, sweaters, etc...and usually lost them, tore them or somehow destroyed them. ;-( )
He'll probably thank her and apologize for the errant response.
Since Krista Smith illustrated out Simply Sassy range, there has been a lot of changes, Krista went on to design her own in digital stamps which have been amazingly successful. But SN still have original art in rubber for those who love to get inky.
There were so many scripts floating about by even top notch writers like Tom Stoppard, penning an Indy script became a rite of passage for screenwriters. At comic book and science fiction convention, you would here at least a half dozen claims someone had read a script by the latest hot writer and just knew that was going to be the script. I am certain hardly any of that was true, but if you spend even a few minutes on Google looking, you can find all sorts of scripts for the fourth Indy. None apparently managed to satisfy the big three until now.
Genus: Opuntia
I had to be able to approach him as a person, so I decided to make him plain Will from Warwickshire trying to establish himself in the cut-throat world of the Elizabethan Theatre as part-time playhouse manager, writer and sometime actor, before he was that famous. Once I got started, I found the research rather re-assuring. There are whole libraries full of opinion and speculation but there are very few verifiable, known facts about his life because he wasn't important enough to leave much of an impression on the historical record - apart from his plays, of course, and there are plenty who would deny that he even wrote those. I was free to make him into my Shakespeare.
Thu 11 June: 10:00 – 16:00
The clumps of yellow primrose stood,
Without a dream in my heart,
(In the interest of knowing what's in our food and reading nutrition labels, also part of Food Science competition, here's an interesting raisins vs. craisins comparison.)
However, “Man Bites Dog” is a very rare headline, and whatever the media may want to believe, in 99.9% of all case it is the innocent white guy who ends up with teeth marks in his backside.
We aren't talking of situations of involuntary servitude or conflict with equal protection under the law, or massacre of citizens. It just doesn't cross those lines. It is not for those who don't work, pay taxes, or vote there to decide.
Here is Be Your Bro by Those Darlins. Give it a listen, I think you’ll like what you hear.
The book will be published during the next couple of months, but you can read the entire story online here: Rubicon Ranch, Book One: Riley’s Story
Follow
Release the healings and see great change
Scale and gut the whitting (the fish monger may already have done this for you) and cut diagonal slits into the fish, not too deep, about 5cms apart.
Sometimes a break from your routine is the very thing you need...
I made another blog today. It's all secret and stuff, though. Sometimes I think that I have so many blogs, in so many places, that I just can't keep track of them all. I haven't been writing on any of them lately, though. There really isn't a huge reason for my absence, except that life has been a suckfest (great word, right?) lately and I didn't feel like sharing that suckfest with anybody. It's better just to ignore it and pretend that life is great instead.
Lilly: Roy, what if I told you that I wasn't really your mother? That we weren't related?
Did I get sidetracked? Maybe a little.
You can have just spots, just stripes or spots AND stripes, its totally up to you!!!!! PLEASE remember to LINK to this SIMON SAYS STAMP CHALLENGE in your blog post somewhere to qualify to win our prize!!!
City Press revealed the existence of the trust in July last year. Before that, Malema claimed he was “poor but creditworthy” and that he lived from “handouts” from people like Limpopo premier Cassel Mathale.
I have been in serious baking mode for the past three nights. Above and below you can see the cookies that I combined with mason jars and a charm square to create simple, cute holiday giveaways :) I really like the alternating contrast of the two types of cookie (for the record, they are ginger-molasses and sugar cookies).I can't say that I am proud of the number of cookies I ate in the process...but I am happy to report that it was less than my husband ate! Next on the list are some delicious whole-wheat brown sugar shortbread cookies. I can't wait!
And I like Dead. I like it a lot. A lot a lot.
Ga Young lies in bed, still asleep in a completely different place than where she had slept last night when Jae Hyuk walks up to her, carrying her bag, a dress and shoes. Smiling at her posture, Jae Hyuk wakes her up. She finally stirs awake a start after seeing him smiling and sits straight up, wiping off her drool. Jae Hyuk can’t stop smiling as he puts the items down with her and tells her to hurry up and prepare to head to work. She wordlessly nods and as he’s leaving, Jae Hyuk finally laughs. Just one word. CUTE!
- a glass milk jug from the same antiques store
For everyone who exalts himself will be humbled… Luke 14:11
There are artists from Sweden, Norway, Denmark, Finland & Iceland.
I can't thank you enough for your kind comments on my last blog. I have to admit, it was a huge relief to write it. Like many things, it was darker and uglier and more harmful while hidden away shamefully in my head and heart. Getting it out made it seem just a little less all encompassing and unmanageable. Receiving support, instead of the judgment I expected and thought I deserved, was a huge boast the last few days. So thank you.
Only moments before the note arrived, his entire life’s ambition had been to devour unpasteurized cheese. Now just like every other time in his life it seemed, someone wanted his attention and that was suddenly the only thing that mattered. If this was some kind of joke Mike would be livid but in reality he knew he would be faking his anger because the truth was he did not want anyone to be there; other than cheese, salumi, and solitude. If the joke would be intended to give him a hard time for the way in which he insisted on anonymity with the hotel it would be a short-lived gaffe because if no one was there it would indeed be better than if someone was. Mike was now predicting, rationalizing, and imagining, which under normal circumstances serves an author well. On this occasion it was fear of seeing someone he did not want to that fueled his latent mania.
Once everything is cut, it's time to start sewing!
I picked up the new Real Living mag today and spotted this beauty so now I have been daydreaming all afternoon about my own little beach house!
After blowing off the dust (well, it's like skirting boards, no-one gets too close to see) I sat for ages poring over these books, written by a rather stern Scottish doctor who was very didactic in his approach to what was meant to be a family guide to "the preservation of health and the domestic treatment of illness".
With that being said, let's take a look at the next 5 sets on The Best Topps Set Countdown.
2. In the Flat Field
Enjoy this timelapse I made during my time sitting around Hogback Ridge, Red Rock Canyon Las Vegas, Nevada. Music: Winter Waltz by toru-spicy.
2) So, my neck/shoulders/arms. Still pretty screwed up after a round of steroids. I went to my chiropractor Dr. A and he ordered an MRI, which was supposed to happen two days ago but alas, it didn't. So I'm going in on Monday. And I'm pretty terrified. I've had an MRI on my knee but my head didn't have to go into the machine for that. It was still a nerve-wracking experience. The machine is just so dang LOUD and you're all alone with only your thoughts and you're not allowed to move, yet the stupid machine keeps starting and stopping randomly at it surprises me every time. I'm really quite scared to have my whole body in that tiny, dark, noisy tube for half an hour. Advice and/or encouragement welcome.
But they were not able to sign any of them and settled for trading away underappreciated Mike Napoli and Juan Rivera for the widely considered untradeable contract of Vernon Wells. Obviously, that did not work out too well for the Angels.
bring the best to you and yours!
All these hobbies were all self-taught, and of course Google and online forums were there to lend a hand. Except from photography and running, I don’t think I really earned any long term benefits from those endeavors. One reason why all these lost their appeal probably because of the lack of a teacher. An actual person who’s a guide. (and probably a constant buddy who shares the same passion)
21. Rissoto and Polenta dishes
MEANWHILE, heat oil in large skillet on medium-high heat. Add chicken; cook and stir 5 to 6 min. or until no longer pink. Add peppers and mushrooms; cook 3 min., stirring occasionally. Stir in tomatoes and dressing; simmer on medium-low heat 5 min. or until chicken is done.
It’s inspired me to do a similar project of my own, relating to the most current film idea I’ve had (see: http://hannahreadfilms.wordpress.com/2012/04/27/im-at-war-with-society-right-now/). I thought I could take a photo each day for a month of how I see society, and use it as research for my film. I can draw images from what I capture with camera and put them in my film somehow, or at least use them as a basis for the characters.
Potato Quesadillas
I rewind to eleven years ago when I stood at a gas station and watched a car drive by as the passengers screamed “Nigger.” I rewind to all of the nights when I could hear people throwing bottles and garbage at my house. I rewind to the morning I scrubbed the word “Nigger” off my front porch.
The Crim Foundation that runs the 10 mile race I'm working towards later this summer also hosts a great Kids Classic each spring. The kids have been so excited about it and couldn't wait for the day to get here! Both Jacob and Sarah were determined to run the 1 mile race and we did a few practice runs this past week. We signed Adam up for the 1/4 mile run and hoped he'd make it without begging to be carried. ha!
home as highly limited-edition souvenirs
Article 31: If the circumstances of the unlawful act are grave, the copyright administrative management entity may confiscate the materials, tools and equipment etc., used mainly in producing the infringing products.
Finnie is now banned from the dining room at meal times, so she is back sulking again and Pop Princess? well she has become fussy once more.
08 The Calendar
Nathan Drake is back in another glob-trotting adventure taking him from such locales as London to Yemen to Syria and so forth. If you are at all familiar with the Uncharted series then you certainly know what you are getting yourself into in terms of the story and characters. The story centers around Sir Francis Drake’s ring and the relationship between Nathan Drake and Victor Sullivan. What was actually a bit surprising was the game’s main villain not being some evil mercenary but rather a composed yet intimidating older woman named Katherine Marlowe. Like its predecessors, Uncharted 3 does an excellent job of blending its story and characters into its cut-scenes and makes everything flow nicely. Naughty Dog are fantastic story tellers and Nathan Drake and his crew are a really memorable cast of colourful characters. I did, however, have a few complaints. A few things aren’t really explained and the third act is a bit rushed, but my biggest complaint is that Uncharted 2 felt like it had bigger stakes at hand, which for a trilogy is a bit strange.
"I have decided that I am going to use Shelli Gardner as my inspiration, founder of Stampin' Up!I love most of the stamp sets that SU produce and I love the fact that they co-ordinate everything... card, ink, buttons, ribbon and brads... this makes producing a project very pleasing to the eye. I also love that the colours are in colour families as they co-ordinate so well together. I have met Shelli a couple of times and she is a lovely person and also a great crafter...
Embellishments: Ribbon - stash; Rhinestones - Recollections
and instead of disgrace
Good luck! – Bonne chance! – Viel Glück! – Buona fortuna! – ¡Suerte!
Look for businesses you like and follow them, too--they may tweet about specials or coupons, and a lot of companies are using Twitter as one more way to provide customer service. Check out the feeds of Overstock.com or Zappo's, for example. Notice how often they're responding to customers. They're watching for people who mention them, offering help to those who complain and saying thanks to those who compliment them.
Casey Anthony’s trial will take place in Orlando, but jurors are being selected at a courthouse about 100 miles away because of intense media coverage. The first panel of potential jurors met with the judge and attorneys Monday morning in Clearwater.
My first verse of poetry-
R27
So money talk is out of the way, let's talk nutrition. Avocados are packed with good stuff! Yes, they do have a fair amount of fat, but much of it is the good monounsaturated stuff. They also have pretty close to a little of everything when it comes to vitamins and minerals. A perfect food?! The monounsaturated fatty acids they contain are supposed to be good for busting belly fat...I will let you know how that works out for me.
At the Massachusetts General Hospital (MGH), Dr. Tanzi serves as the Director of the Genetics and Aging Research Unit, which consists of eight laboratories investigating the genetic causes of Alzheimer’s disease. Dr. Tanzi has been investigating the molecular and genetic basis of neurological disease since 1980, when he participated in the pioneering study that led to location of the Huntington’s disease gene, the first disease gene to be found by genetic linkage analysis. Since 1982, Dr. Tanzi has investigated the genetic causes of Alzheimer’s disease (AD). He co-discovered all three genes that cause early-onset familial AD, including the first familial AD gene, known as the amyloid β-protein (A4) precursor (APP), and the presenilin genes. In 1993, Dr. Tanzi discovered the gene responsible for the neurological disorder known as Wilson’s disease, and over the past 25 years, he has collaborated on studies identifying several other disease genes including those causing amyotrophic lateral sclerosis and autism.
The discussion then turned to the matter of whether or not a sergeant should be interpreting whether an order is unlawful or not. Stein’s view is that he has the right to do so, based on his being an American citizen and he also contended that his oath to uphold the constitution and defend the United States would require him to do so. This, of course, raises the classic issue of whether a person should or should not obey the state when s/he regards the command as immoral or unlawful. This matter is complicated a bit when the person in question is under special conditions that would seem to favor obedience (such as being in the military).
Elizabeth Marshall – who suffers from cerebral palsy – had worked as a speechwriter at 113 Chancery Lane for eleven years before being summoned to a meeting with Stephen Ward, the Law Soc’s grandly-titled Director of Communications, Inclusion and Corporate Responsibility. During the meeting, it transpired her position was to be made redundant on grounds of business need. So that’s the Head of Inclusion getting rid of the sole full-time Law Society employee with a disability. Nice….”
A full-time summer study abroad program in Manila, Philippines Sponsored by the Comparative History of Ideas Program
Before the policy’s cash value is completely exhausted, suggest that with a new term/UL product, the cash value from his “under water” policy may be enough to purchase an equal amount—or even more coverage, with a guaranteed death benefit (dependent on his health classification).
♥I have been thinking a lot of the thing with putting together the blogs. I absolutely wanna do it, I'm just thinking of the best way to do it. Besides I want to start out with a new layout, or well, at least partly new layout. So it will still take some time. Maybe I'll get it done 'til the end of March.
At the Swenson farm, we found the team of twelve Marines exactly as described. The giant of a man leading the team was named Tanner. The other eleven members of the team all seemed quite capable. Being around them made me miss Ariela. Their military bearing, the way they spoke, the way they thought … all of it reminded me of how Ariela acted, spoke and thought.
This is when the week got super exciting because I finally had all of my kiddos home with no real schedule to stick to. Love that! Peach was feeling rather worn out from her very first semester of school, so I promised her a day full of cartoons, movies, baking, and eating cookies--and maybe some other treats. I really don't know who was looking forward to it more--her, or me (SMILE)!
My love is not a cage or box
Why? Because, as they see it, committees are much more inclusive than any other form of governance. They give a voice to all the elected councillors, and potentially bring to the table all their talents. They make it harder to take decisions in secret. They give councillors a means of putting into effect the commitments they make when they stand for election, and they keep council officers on their toes because they can never be quite sure what will happen when they attend a committee – even if most of the major changes that might be made to a report will have been agreed in the group meeting of a majority party beforehand. They also allow backbench councillors to specialise, and provide a means to induct them into how council services are run. They develop leadership – many strong leaders emerged over the years from the committee system.
For many years her sons haunted the lake, hoping to catch sight of their mother. One day she appeared to Rhiwallon, her eldest son, was walking near Dol Howel, at the Mountain Gate (now known as the Physicians' Gate or Llydiad y Meddygon) . She told him that his purpose on earth was to heal the sick and ease their suffering and to this end she gave him a bag of herbs and prescriptions for healing. She foresaw him and his brothers becoming the most skilled physicians in the country for many generations.
The crowd is lowest common denominator.
I’m no expert… hell no…
After boating we headed back to the lodge to gather our plans and figure out what we wanted to do next. AnnaMae just wanted to play in the old stone drinking fountain - check out that tongue! We got a ton of photos of her with the fountain becuase she liked it so much. Too bad she's too small to turn it on AND drink from it at the same time.
For me I worry that the experience is far from over. I’ve never been a “popular”, or “pretty” girl. I’m unattractive being that I’m overweight and short.
Lunch rolled along, and I thought nothing of Diane putting her box on the table.
I had been tweeting people who were involved in LGFW all week to see if they had any spare tickets floating around. No such luck. Finally, I entered a twitter contest with L'oreal Paris Canada, and I WON! Honestly, this has been the winning-est two months of my life. I hardly won anything up until then, but now, I am on quite a streak!
Muzzle - Adam Sandler. Ugh, I hate all of his movies after Big Daddy, and I really hate that movie execs keep trying to sell him as a hot leading man. A valid love interest for Kate Beckinsale? Jennifer Aniston? Salma Hayak? Leslie Mann? Are you freakin kidding me? He is unattractive and decidedly not funny. Muzzle, please.
A sin can only be unforgivable if repentance is impossible. If someone repeatedly closes his heart to God and shuts his ears to his voice, he comes to a point where he can no longer recognize God even when God makes himself known. Such a person ends up perceiving evil as good and good as evil (Isaiah 5:20). To fear such a sin, however, signals that one is not dead to God and is conscious of the need for God’s grace and mercy. There are no limits to the mercy of God, but anyone who refuses to accept God’s mercy by repenting of wrongdoing, rejects the forgiveness of their sins and the salvation offered by the Holy Spirit. God gives grace and help to all who humbly call upon him. Giving up on God and refusing to turn away from sin and disbelief results from pride and the loss of hope in God.
To Ambit's credit, its representative said upfront they'd offer me a guaranteed 7% discount for the first two months, but didn't promise anything after that period. Moreover the company that sells them power, Coral Energy, is a subsidiary of Shell and, in my experience, a pretty smart bunch of guys. I probably would buy electricity from Shell, since it controls some pretty ginormous reserves of gas, one of the main fuels for power generation in New York City.
The AG is at fault for the public perception that there are two sets of laws in this country. Reputed lawyer/blogger Art Harun articulated well his disgust over the decision and called it what it really was: “The blatant double standard. The plain hypocrisy of it all. The stupidity.”
What the ego wants is comfort and control and the comfort of surrounding itself with a bunch of mirrors who only reflect back to it what it wants to see of itself.
(2x) (To VERSE)
But, the more things change …
“Took you long enough,” Ann complained.
All the thoughts I am trying to contain are swimming around my head, crashing into each other. I could compare it to items in a washing machine, all the pants and socks and shirts in no sort of order just all swishing around. Or perhaps it is similar to when you are searching for a radio station and you keep on fiddling with the dial and you hear talking interspersed with music and static. Maybe it is like this for a lot of people, it’s too easy to jump from one thought to another while you are trying to forget about the first thought.
Voice training is vital when you are using your voice as an instrument to influence the decision maker – especially when you are on the phone and without the other non-verbal signals. In this case, noisy environments are indicated as the source of the problem. Well, certainly if you feel under pressure to compete with the noises around you to be heard, then it’s going to put pressure on your voice. I’d say there were other pressures too.
"Oh. We didn't know there was a line." And they turned themselves around and went to the end of the line.
But naturally the psychosocial well being of the contestants doesn't really matter as the amount of money created by these shows more than makes up for it. (Note sarcasm.)
With regard to meanings of racism and other systematic oppression, you might want to review the academic literature rather than relying on the dictionary. The Encyclopedia of Social Work would be a good place to start. Other authors include Gil and Iris Young (The Five Faces of Oppression).
I went to University in Aberdeen, where the natives spoke Doric, a word originally having the associations of “bumpkin”- those uneducated types over there- so one of the first reclaimed words I ever heard. This replaced the “wh” in question-words with f, as in fitty daein, faury gaein, fit like meaning how are you. “Loon” is young man or male adolescent, “quine” is young woman, now I think only in Doric, though Burns, frae Ayr, used the word “quean” for young woman, and this site says it is archaic English. At University, in the Acts of the Parliaments of Scotland and other texts of the time I found “quh” replace the wh, as in quhilk, for which. This is Middle Scots, which was the language until 1600, about when James VI went to London to be King of England. It also replaces “ing” in the present participle with “and”. I found Dunbar, whose Lament for the Makaris sends shivers down my spine:
Now that I’m getting used to writing VSVs it’s not taking me as long to do them. The first few times I did RVOs and VSVs—the difference between the two being whether or not they contain a sound grab—it probably took me around two hours to go through interviews, find the right grabs, write down what they said in the grabs, write a story broadcast style, add in all the clip information to match what I wrote and then add any other details. Now it probably takes me just over an hour to write a VSV (depending on the topic of course; fluffier/happier pieces take a lot less time to figure out).
I go back to where I started with my first novel, written in complete and blissful naiveté . I’ve learned a lot since then, but what I can’t forget is that ultimately I’m a writer and an author because I love to write.
And a pinch of the chin.
The script was published by T.E.B. Clarke and demonstrated his normal rational improvement of absurd ideas. Some scenes through which the citizens are refused passage out of their district into London from the authorities, and depend on materials thrown over the dividing wall by well-wishers, had been very topical since the movie was made throughout the Berlin Blockade Passport To Pimlico 1949 DVD.
“Frosty came to us as a stray three weeks ago and is an affectionate lovely lad; this is terribly sad as the thieves have taken away Frosty’s second chance of finding a new home. We are urging other dog owners and members of the public to keep an eye out for Frosty as we want to see him returned as soon as possible.”
Stamps - Let Us Begin - ODBD
P to the R to the I to the O to the R to the I to the T to the I to the E to the S! Get 'em, people!
Bert shook his head, seemingly unbothered by the declaration of Mrs Smith’s loathing for him. “Nah, the Smiths are in Guam.”
Moon saw Kelly through the crowd of cheering dogs and ran towards her.
Alright, Truebies! It’s almost time to start the 30 Day Countdown until True Blood is back where it belongs on our television screens! Last year, I followed an itinerary of topics during all 30 days. But this year, I will be blogging as a member of the 2012 30 Day Fang-A-Thon!
The poet observes his surroundings and imagines changing, shifting, the universe. I love poems like these because I can picture myself lost in thought, too, listening to the ocean waves and thinking about life, death, and the universe. This poem does and creates a backdrop for us to imagine ourselves in, a view of the green pier and the water sloshing in such a way that it seems to be talking. This is another beautiful poem.
Within an hour of arriving at the private hospital I have had two scans. As soon as they're done I'm in a bed with different pain relief that works. An hour after that I have been diagnosed with a 5mm kidney stone. Nothing is bursting or collapsing or dying.
Wonga (Wonga.com) Wonga Short-term loans from £1 – £1000 Wonga is the most flexible online lender in the UK – you chose the exact amount you want to borrow and the length of time of the loan. The total cost is shown upfront before you apply. There is no nightmare paperwork to tackle, documents to fax or cheesy hold music to endure, because our unique service is online from start to finish. – Get an instant decision day or night – Online application takes only minutes to complete Customers can initially request up to £400 and, providing they keep using the service responsibly, Wonga will gradually increase the customers Wonga trust rating, giving them more borrowing flexibility up to £1000. Need some cash urgently? Don’t worry, Wonga it! You control the amount and the length of your loan as suits you Our team of specialist discount experts here at Wonga Vouchers we are always on the hunt for the latest Wonga Offer Codes, so before you shop at wonga.com, take a look at some of our fantastic money saving web Voucher Codes and Deals. Use Wonga Discount Vouchers Money Off Vouchers, Promotional Coupon Codes wonga.com Discounts, Voucher Codes, Free Delivery Codes and Promo Offers, Promotion Code, Promotional Codes, Gift Voucher, Free Delivery Codes and Online 2 for 1 Printable Vouchers at the Wonga website.
Brian Ellison (Malton, North Yorkshire)
I also learned a new way to braid my hair that actually looks pretty neat. I’m going to call that a winning moment. I hate my hair, but this actually came out pretty cool and it keeps my hair off my face. It doesn’t do anything to keep me cool (which is what I’ll need this summer) but it’s a nice look for work and if I go out. I think it will help lessen some of the crazy hair comments I get at home. So overall, I’m having a good week! AND someone complimented me on my white teeth. Thanks Crest White-strips! I’m on top of the world lately!
My American relation who was with us as we wandered around admiring the local bonfires couldn’t believe her eyes.
Thanks to the magic of the internet, cats are cool. Of course, cat lovers knew this long before our feline friends had the world LOLing with cheezburgerz and invisible sports equipment.
“I’m sorry.” He shook his head. “I guess I was.”
None of you make the task of choosing the Top 5 easy!
All still have time to enter this challenge.
Here's my card, and I have to say, I hated it until I added the die cut flourishes on. It just sat there on my desk annoying me until I thought I'd pop those and the heart on, now I think it's OK! I made it using some Echo Park digi paper which I printed in Sepia. Then I didn't have any ink which matched so I used these dark inks on their second impression and I quite like the distressed look it leaves! A happy little accident! The wide ribbon is actually 2 pieces of the same ribbon side by side and the paler ribbon is a hanging loop from one if my mums tops - she saves them all for me! The glitter card is ages old and from Create & Craft I think.
You're still a-clingin' to the tree of life, but soon you'll be cut off before you get ripe.
"Did I or did I not tell you stop?!?!"
Those three powerful words succinctly describe what Fritz Lang’s Rancho Notorious (1952) is all about. It’s a curiosity – a western that seems to take pride in overturning genre conventions and defying viewer expectations. It’s also a highly stylized melodrama, bordering on parody in fact, a kind of baroque noir picture dressed up in western garb. Over the years I’ve seen the movie come in for some criticism, largely based on the atmosphere of artificiality or cheapness. Still, that’s a big part of what attracts me to it; the anti-realism of the film gives it a theatrical feel, and heightens the sense of watching a morality piece played out on an elaborate stage.
This decades-long inundation of propaganda by the social engineers has proven wildly successful. Coupled with the almost total acceptance of pernicious feminist ideology, which has taken its toll on the male character, and helped along by the writings of authors like Shelby Steele, whose treatises on white shame and guilt have permeated academia, it is not surprising that so many whites spend a good part of their day striving to prove their “purity of heart.”
I was waiting on some information before I finished writing up my GABF posts. I have it in my email box, so let's finish up the last of GABF 2009!
Love the last 2 collages.
2. Saves are always available on the wire, don’t try to buy closers
Also a huge thank you to all our generous sponsors!
Tomorrow: reality check! I need to get moving and find some motivation. I keep hearing the Marine Corps running chant in my head. It goes, "Get motivated; be dedicated!" Maybe if I keep that phrase running in my head over and over tonight, I'll wake up raring to go tomorrow!
* Stefanie Oxmann McGaha as Cirque Freak
The salad had small cubes of mushrooms in what I believe was a mayonnaise dressing, with a delicate hint of onion. I really didn't detect any other clues about other ingredients, and am intrigued that such a simple combination of items could produce such a delectable treat. I did a little research in my raft of cookbooks and at the public library, but couldn't find a recipe for a traditional Russian Mushroom Salad made in this style. There were recipes for pickled mushrooms, mushrooms with potatoes and cucumbers, raw mushrooms tossed with lemony vinaigrette, mushrooms and tomatoes and so on, but nothing quite like what I had purchased.
I have been reading that he is planning to come up with a sequel to the book where Lata will be searching for a “A Suitable Girl” for her grandson. I am looking forward to getting my hands on that as soon as it comes out.
Maybe my dad is making a big deal out of this. What if Uncle Bobby had been killed by a bus … would that mean I couldn’t take the bus? What harm would a little ride to the end of the street be?
Rescuer: "You're going to hell."
#467 Tony Armas - I remember his son more since I'm younger, but this Tony led the 1981 strike season in games played (with 109) and struck out a heckuva lot. He also hit a ton of homers though, including a league leading 43 in 1984. I didn't realize he was that good!
Question: Can you give this poem a title? Please leave your suggestion in the comment?
I have a release coming very soon from Evernight Publishing. This will be published under my pen name, Tyler Robbins. “Beyond Honor” is a M/M erotic romance based on the repeal of the “don’t ask, don’t tell” policy of the US military and takes place in Texas.
How does a girl choose between the one who steals her heart and the one who owns her soul?
5. But what I actually do with them, and the snails, is put them in a bucket and take them on a holiday to the middle of the public oval. Sorry, public oval.
these will topple him
This bright and colourful building certainly stands out against a backdrop of old and new buildings in Singapore. This is called the MICA Building, formerly known as MITA Building or the Old Hill Street Police Station.
A friend of mine recently asked my opinion on why almost everyone in Generation Y (or however you want to refer to twenty-somethings) seems so utterly maudlin and disenchanted. Since I am in my first stages of practicing mindfulness meditation, or more acute awareness of sensations, feelings, and moments, I thought speculating on this topic might be a reasonable first step toward self awareness.
I kept coming back to this wine throughout the tasting and meal and although it was the simplest wine there it went perfectly with all the savoury foods. It was a really good wine giving stylish everyday drinking, a lovely honest wine, or as Leonardo put it, this wine is ‘simple but not banal‘.
I purchased the sewable interface. I have done some searching (now that I am slightly addicted to this idea of cutting fabric and appliqueing it), and have found that heat n bond will work with the silhouette too. I have not tried that yet, but I intend to and I'll give my feedback on that too. So I purchased this about 5-6 months ago and just sat and stared at it. Anytime I got my scrapbook supplies out, I would look over it and daydream, but I was too scared to rip it open and experiment. Do you feel me? :) I do this a lot. However, this week I finally had all of the supplies available to tear into this project and I'm so happy I did!
Bern’s old city downtown is very small, but he drove us around in circles for a half hour wanting to take us to a great bar. He finally stopped a few blocks from where we met him. We all got out of the car and left him when his brother called to talk about a time-sensitive scheme to import a shipment of rugs. It was clear he had no idea about anything but he was very nice. Actually, he was nice in a threatening way almost. You always have to suspect people that willing and excited to be your friend. We wound up on the edge of town where the highway meets the train depot at Dead End. Behind a heavy black metal door like the entrance to an underworld hideout or a gulag prison cell, a pair of eyes peered out through a slit. The man that answered was tall, hairless, pail and skinny, like a snake with spider legs for fingers. He was a total sweetheart and everyone there was friendly. It was decorated with fiberglass stalactites and stalagmites, like a Chuck E. Cheese vampire cave for heroin addicts. This is the “seedy underbelly of Bern” which is made more bizarre given the sunny face of Bern.
--- On Wed, 1/7/09, The Dean wrote:
1 cup + 1 tablespoon sugar
6:49 - Wendy Lement
John 1:14
In the past we have always survived what our country faced, yet because this time we surrendered, for the first time in a thousand years, it is by no means certain that we will survive what has overtaken us in the last ten years.
Disorienting Dilemma: Any decision-making problem (real or hypothetical) that forces you to reassess or think differently about something which you previously have taken for granted.
It was a quick storm, actually, threw first snow, then rain on the area then left, sullenly grumbling about coastal temperatures and tidal pulls, how inland there'd be woods and fields that would be fine dumping grounds, fine...then it blew itself gustily away and we were left with stillness.
Drew's a bit of a loner. She has a pet rat, her dead dad's Book of Lists, an encyclopedic knowledge of cheese from working at her mom's cheese shop, and a crush on Nick, the surf bum who works behind the counter. It's the summer before eighth grade and Drew's days seem like business as usual, until one night after closing time, when she meets a strange boy in the alley named Emmett Crane. Who he is, why he's there, where the cut on his cheek came from, and his bottomless knowledge of rats are all mysteries Drew will untangle as they are drawn closer together, and Drew enters into the first true friendship, and adventure, of her life.What I liked about this story was the way it transported me to summer time as a 13 year old. It made me reminisce about bike rides around the neighborhood, with the sun shining on my face, trips to the local public pool and to the park...the feeling of freedom and innocence all rolled into this one book.
- Monogram canvas with natural leather trim and solid brass hardware
First, let me make this abundantly clear:
Back to Christmas. I cooked up some Tyler Florence chicken marsala and made Jaques Pepin's Pound Cake (see photo below with lazer tag gun in background)
I've been cooped up, tied down, 'bout forgotten
SCRIPTURES ON HEALING
Overall, Wanderlove wasn't another Like Mandarin: it had its own unique cast of characters, incredible setting, and engaging story line, and while it didn't have quite the magic of my first Hubbard experience it is still a completely worthwhile and wonderful reading experience. I eagerly await Hubbard's next novel, and there better be some kind of announcement about it soon; I don't want to wait too long.
L 1.65 x W 0.7 x H 1.06in
Speaking for myself, if I have seen one I have seen half a dozen – nay, more – with hills to match! And those who do not believe me can continue the journey I once commenced, and (after I have wished them a Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year) proceed to Bath…
Mortally wounded he and buried on the retreat, (easily all could I
(Will pick at random)
"I'd watch it if I were you," she said at last. "You know the old saying, be careful what you wish for, you might get it."
They were tight at first and I was a little self-conscious. Then it occurred to me that perhaps they weren’t tight, it might just be that they actually fit. After running around for so long in jeans that are too big, it was amazing to be in a pair that fit, looked good, and weren’t sagging in all the wrong places. It’s pretty neat what a good pair of jeans can do for a girl’s figure. Yes…I actually have a figure…who knew?
No, there is no way I would survive in this era. If a time machine was created today, this would be one time period I would definitely avoid. In fact, I might want to avoid anything before the 1980’s. I’ve heard they were pretty scarce on entertainment too.
I leave today for a girls weekend in Houston with my bestie. Yayyyyy!!!
Here's some information about Simon Says Stamp...
1/3 tsp baking soda
Yeah daddy yeah
--the weekend! Hello! Welcome back! I'm going to use you to be outside, and rollerblade, and take pictures, and hang out with Zach's fam. It'll be awesome, promise. (Ok, I lied about the "being outside" part. I just checked the weather and it's supposed to snow again. Awesome.)
801 players minus 211 who missed the game due to dance recitals = 590
So if you think your up for the challenge, please leave a comment and I will update the list to complete the nine participants. Any person participating, will be required to address the completed ATC's to my address with a self addressed and stamped envelope so I can return them back to you!!!
NYC Lip Liner in some unnamed shade?
Me and my teddy bear..... he's got one eye, and got no hair....
Amount of grant requested $ 4,500.00 +
Arkansas coach Bobby Petrino has put his multi-million dollar home in East Fayetteville up for sale. But don’t panic yet Arkansas fans: The Razorbacks say it’s not a sign the coach is preparing to load up the moving truck and leave town.
"Huh? I didn't know I was wearing a long sleeve shirt!"
It's barely the beginni9ng of August, and Cass has begun the countdown to the beginning of school already, although I think even he's not quite sure if he's dreading or looking forward to it. A bit of both, probably.
Before I came here, and I think most Germans thought the same way, I thought that medical marijuana was kind of like a last resort medicine given to terminally ill cancer patients for whom standard pain killers won’t do the job anymore…or something like that. Buuuuuut no. In California, medical marijuana is used against all kinds of things like back pains, migrane attacks, depression, and so on, and all it takes to get one of those cards in Venice is to walk into one of those stores, pay your $40 and tell the doctor about some symptoms that you have, true or not, it won’t matter because they don’t really seem to care about that anyways :D
"I think sometimes I am so good at putting on a pretty face and acting all put-together, that some people don't realize the extent of everything that breast cancer survivors go through. My outward scars and spoken words are only half the story." -Vanessa Tiemeier, Cincinnati Survivor
Speaking of vacations, I recently took a short trip of my own and realized once again how important it is to save room in your suitcase because every bag seems to gain 15 pounds the further you have to carry it. To me, the key is packing versatile dresses that don’t take up much room, and neutral accessories that can go with anything in your bag.
P.S. And to those who are not with the Cabal and are not assassins, those of you sitting up late in your tiny apartments or mommy and daddy’s basement spending a lot of time and energy to “unmask” me, why do you care? Don’t you have better things to do like, oh, let’s see, prepare yourself for 5D acension and making sure you and yours are protected during the coming Great War of Time? Go meditate, read a book, smell a flower, make love to a lover…surely these are finer activities than stalking me and endlessly making a fool of yourself when you get caught up in the net-maze that leads you further away from who I am…next someone will claim I am Bill Clinton or Timthy Geithner…and you know, maybe I am…
He promises to end the wars, but the wars expand. A constitutional foreign policy will end the wars. And if you want somebody to talk about peace and prosperity, it has to be somebody who understands money and a foreign policy and free markets.
83. My first kiss was at the skate ranch. And I was my daughter's age.....this CAN'T be happening!!
That, and just seeing a film projected big can be an overwhelming feeling in an of itself, especially with the widest of aspect ratios. This I especially felt with The World—though perhaps a part of that was because I was seated in the second row of the theater. (At theaters like Film Forum and MoMA, I have started to make it a habit to sit as close to the screen as possible—especially at Film Forum, where the screens are relatively small compared to the standard multiplex screen.)
He returned to the writing table. The Bean seemed perplexed.
I'm really proud of my first day on the job. And the potential of doing it everyday is insanely exciting.
They Are Commitment To Their Career As A Care Giver
Isaiah 6:8
So stick to the fight when you're hardest hit--
This entire month, the only thing that keeps me somewhat going is the saying:
This type of reflection on who we are is an often ignored practice. To be honest, we don’t do it because we don’t want to acknowledge who we truly are. But the problem of our inherent sin is the separation from God we suffer as a consequence of it.
Ferozepur resident Satish Kumar Marwaha vouches for the fact that Surijit is alive. Surjit and Satish were in the same barrack for several years until Satish was released from a Pakistan jail.
This month you can win a copy of The Joy of Vegan Baking by Colleen Patrick-Goudreau. I've had this one for a while and only used it once or twice. It should definitely go into the hands of someone who would use it more than I do!
When I found my designated room, there was NO LINE! Just 3-4 people sitting in front of desks. I was called to the desk in less than 10 minutes. This, I thought, was where the rubber met the road. This is where I had to supply 900 more copies of my entire life (and all the same damn documents I had given to Los Angeles, in triplicate) so that they could give me my work permit. Of course, I had 899 correct copies but didn't have a copy of document number 900, which I didn't think they needed. I gave them the original. They said, "Don't call us. We'll call you."
I have been trying to put this jewelry box together since SVG Cuts released the Playful Parlour Kit. I was finally able to complete it yesterday. I have had the idea pondering in my head for a while and finally had the chance to cut it all out. So lets take a look at it.
For those of us who have been around a while that is exactly what we are doing. She would kick our hide if we stopped doing what we had been taught just because the season ended. And because we are doing what we were told we are still shocking ourselves at times with the results. Hence the over enthusiastic posting at times!!
At the end of the day – the FACTS speak for themselves.
There isn’t one French esthetic, but there is an esthetic imperative in France — and that’s something I feel every time I walk down a Paris street.
Easy Horseradish Sauce:
If we can raise a minimum amount of £250.00 then we are in for a chance of having that amount doubled. So please help!
Spread the word, regardless of how one parent feels, you should not be able to just take your children away from the opposing parent. It’s not fair. I have tons of friends and family who have had to deal with divorce and split situations. You should not keep children from someone they want to be with and/or around. *I am not speaking for those that may have a situation where the other parent isn’t deserving* But in this case he was and still is a good dad who is missing his children and wants nothing more than to know they are safe and okay! Along with his entire family.
Like most of us do...
As I mentioned during the last KS Monday post, KSS is going to release FOUR new stamp sets on April 23rd!! For this week, we are sharing a little sneak peeks and Maria is having KSS gift certificate give-away contest!! Be sure to leave your comment to Maria’s Sneak Peeks post for a chance to win the Give-Away!!
Next, Percy Faith presents one of his own compositions, written for the movie "Starlift". Long interested in Latin American rhythms, he has here created a sinuous theme that brilliantly conjures up all the excitement and magic of a Caribbean Night.
Grand Case, St. Martin
But every once in awhile, I get a strong hankering for ice cream that’s extremely pervasive and cannot be taken care of by anything other than the smooth, creamy, ice cold stuff. For the past few weeks I’ve made sure we had a small carton of it in our freezer and have big Sub Zero Ice Cream plans next weekend. The other night I thought to myself, “I wish I had some ice cream” and then realized I totally had some in the kitchen, just steps away. That made for an excellent evening.
I’m sorry Rick Santorum but you need to take your perfect nuclear family and find some abandoned missile silo and take up residence there. How dare you challenge and condemn those who choose to live a different life style. Who in the hell are you to make such judgment? Who are you to day what is right and wrong? Didn’t YOUR God reserve that right for himself?
The next bread I made was inspired by the Barefoot Contessa. I have her gorgeous book "Barefoot Contessa Parties!" and refer to if often--if for no other reason than to droooooool. Luckily, the recipe for her lemon cake is also available online. (Lemon cake, we DB'ers decided, becomes a healthy bread if you bake it in a loaf pan...)
DUKE: What about that one?
I took an offering of water into the midst of the hillfort. There is a place there, which has a ring of trees around a central tree which is very unfriendly to humans and very powerful. My betrothed, who’s not sensitive to such things, could sense that there was a boundary. I gave the offering and the hillfort seemed less hostile to me.
at the head of the hill
The nearest hospital facility with those capabilities was Mubende Hospital some 30km away from Kakumiro Health Centre. She was helped into the behind seat of a waiting double cabin hospital belonging to Infectious Diseases Institute.
I started to cry before it was finished and there was deathly silence afterwards. The Mayor and several Councillors were present and nobody dared to applaud. Only one of the artists, a sculptor, had the courage to step up to me and say sympathetically, “You feel everything, don’t you?” The answer to that is unfortunately yes, I do. “And in Spring, too.” He shook his head. The Mayor swooped on me, babbling several times, “It’s not true!” just like a little boy.
Torture chamber. Cesare pays one last visit before leaving and is told by Micheletto that one of the men is ready to talk. He tells Cesare that the powder for the cannon is stored in the cooking wagons, disguised as barrels of food. For his information, the man is granted a somewhat quick death at Micheletto’s hands. He buries a knife in the man’s stomach, and the look on his face is really amazing to me. It’s about equal parts grief and an almost sexual elation. Micheletto’s getting sort of fascinatingly creepy this season.
In a food processor, add tofu, nutritional yeast, turmeric, salt, soy sauce, garlic. Process until smooth.
Overall it was a great week. I knew that if I buckled down and did what I knew worked it would work.
I once ran 140kph along the Skyway.
Common responses that are not helpful are saying:
- Nope, you don’t owe us anything. -they said. – Your check of $188.23 arrived on Tuesday and we promptly deposited it.
In fact I think the answer may lie more with the women themselves than with the myths. One should not generalise, and there certainly are exceptions, but by and large the white women who are most likely to be seen with black men tend to fall into two distinct groups.
1 _namenmeister_
It is the sound of crickets chirping.
Even though the organization project isn't done, and we haven't had to utilize those hats or mittens just yet, knowing that everything is ready to go for winter is enough!
lands where Christ is known and preached and let the day come when
ArtOrder can now be found at theArtOrder.com. Right now it's just the blog, but coming shortly we'll have galleries, forums and a store coming online. I apologize for the awkward and cumbersome transition, but it is the best I can do with the limited resources and time I have. I have to thank Bonnie Nadri for her selfless donation of time and energy to help get all this online. She is a digital goddess!
3) That 'accessibility' is the first thing a poet should think of when looking at his/her poetry: perhaps "is it in some way honest in feeling, does it do something unexpected, does it make the reader think?" are more important questions. Nevertheless, a poet ought to be able to explain to somebody unfamiliar with the style they're working with, approximately what it is they're trying to do.
But there is another side to their nostalgic backward glances, though they have managed to find some half-plausible cover for their designs — which are as ancient as early recorded history and as new as today’s front page. And that nostalgia is concerned with the eradication of the Jews. The Joos. The Zionist Entity. The swine and apes. The sub-human ones. Don’t kid yourself: rabid anti-Semitism is alive and well in the higher reaches of American society. It has always been there, but only lately has it learned to cloak itself as something else.
It's a lesson I endeavor to apply to my life. Despite the content of this post, I still spend time every evening counting my blessings.
Every tear, ache, sob and memory.
Please use this code when ordering thanks so much.
Percutaneous transluminal coronary angioplasty and coronary artery bypass graft surgery are invasive procedures that improve blood flow in the coronary arteries.
You may think the reason I’m saying not to let him sleep with you is the safety of your child. But I think Francisco was in more danger than Enrique. Enrique would drape himself over Francisco’s head, nearly suffocating him, and all attempts to move Enrique would result in Enrique gradually creeping back to the position over Francisco’s airway.
I am experiencing freedom here as I do exeprience it in a very unique place in Jordan “Wadi Al-Mujib“… you will never believe the similarity till you visit both wonders… two pieces from a non-earthy free planet!
Now, in the second example, the second active sentence has the verb 'To Be' followed by an -ing, which a lot of people will tell you is passive. When they do, tell them that they're talking out of the wrong hole. It is NOT passive because the subject (John) is performing an action (robbing) to the object (the bank).
The YA Bloggers Book Battle is a bracket-style judging contest. Our 2010 theme featured the best debut work of 2009 (and a little of 2010). This year for 2011 blog readers have chosen the battle theme as the Best Overlooked Book.
And in both cases - within those two spatial instances, those two pieces of 'architecture' - time will effectively be stopped.
Wikipedia assures me we haven’t seen the last of him. I really hope it’s true.
Oh blog, I've missed you. I've been in fearsome book-writing mode for months; fearsome, because I had plans to have finished a whole draft of a whole book, this book, by now. Of course, it turns out I have more to do. Lots more to do. Every day, new little mushrooms of you-still-have-this-to-do sprout out of yesterday's smooth soil. There are - a fact that shoots a hard sliver of ice through my veins - whole chapters still to write. I am going to bed most nights and wrestling myself to sleep amidst the tangles of what I haven't done. By day, it's a pleasure. I'm loving pottering through my stuff and sticking it together, realising the joys of the contradictions, moving away from the generalisations I'd been planning to draw.
That winter, we had a bit of a break from the hockey season, so I was able to fly back home for about ten days in December for the Christmas and New Year’s holidays. While there, I ended up having sex with BigSlut, who is friends with SoccerChick, but that is its own story for a different day. I told FigureSkater about it a couple of weeks later, and it was all I could do to keep her from dumping me. I was young, and stupid, and quickly learned that if you do make a mistake, its best just to keep it to yourself. I still feel like I never should’ve told FigureSkater about my night with BigSlut, but we are still really good friends and do manage to be brutally honest with each other, so maybe that’s a part of it. I don’t know.
American School & University
SG 23.6 Plato
Posted on Aug 25, 2007, Source: TomDispatch.com
There’s a mantra that people who work in TV tell each other, because you never have enough time to fit in everything you want to. “Leave them wanting more!” they say cheerfully after telling you that you have approximately 90 seconds to explain the evolution of mankind.
We have a great prize this week from our generous sponsor...
Or maybe are they just being kids?
For my girls ( sizes 6 and 8 ) I used fabric that was one yard in length, and approximately 4-5 inches in width.
Resists urge to yell, IT'S SOOOOOOOOOO FLUFFY.
In this war tonight
Social Media
Browsers can give you options in resetting the data that is saved in your Mac or Windows PC. Safari 5, for example, gives you options to clear history, reset top sites, remove webpage preview images, clear downloads window, remove website icons, remove saved names, passwords, and other “autofill” form text, and others.
When Carlos Fuentes returns to America after living in Mexico for a year, he doesn’t want any part of the life his older brother, Alex, has laid out for him at a high school in Colorado . Carlos likes living his life on the edge and wants to carve his own path—just like Alex did. Then he meets Kiara Westford. She doesn’t talk much and is completely intimidated by Carlos’ wild ways. As they get to know one another, Carlos assumes Kiara thinks she’s too good for him, and refuses to admit that she might be getting to him. But he soon realizes that being himself is exactly what Kiara needs right now.
Pictures of Lily
Bake at 375 for 10-12 minutes, until golden around the edges.
Syrin finished his routine and looked at the horizon as he sheathed his rapier. His lips moved as his eyes slowly closed, and his head lowered.
I always have so much fun cookieying things. (Yes that IS a word. You know why it's a word? Because I use it all the time :D) This is my third set of Jewel Kade cookies and since they're always coming out with new pieces, I'm always excited to cookie a new charm. Here are the other JK sets:
Houston TX, 77005
I mean I really looked.
John and I were awakened at 2 a.m. the other night not by the whoop-whoop-whoop of the helicopter overhead or the flashing lights of the emergency vehicles all around the property or even the low drone of the fire engine in our driveway. No, it was a phone call from our neighbor.
It was hardly three feet tall, attired in the gaudiest possible ill-fitting suit; made looking even fantastic by a pair of colourful shoes and hat.
5. Diamante stud ear-rings (Tesco, 2006)
My presentations went great! PHEW!
Worse than that, for many, something in their subconscious tells them it might even be racist to care.
We saw the King as they killed him, and his face was proud and pale;
One; not by conversion of Godhead into flesh: but by taking of the Manhood into God;
With the cooler temperatures, along with the fact that the county "Burn Ban" was removed -- having been in effect part of the Summer, due to our own dry & dangerous conditions -- I was "motivated" to start attacking the mess laying in the side yard.
It was such a relief at this point, that I may have groaned slightly in pleasure when I finally released.
It all comes back to this one thing... I am too picky. If a guy doesn't come close enough to my preferences for intellectual/emotional capacity or isn't exactly physically gifted then there's almost nothing that can be done. This is annoying because I am fully aware that nobody is perfect and I am far from it.
All proceeds from the 2 hour documentary feature film, photographic book and world music album produced by Grammy Award Winner Imogen Heap will be donated to charities supporting the 8 UN developmental Goals including WWF, The Hunger Project, Save The Children and Hamlin Fistula.
Needless to say, the driver of the first car, wearing the brown leather jacket, wasn't pleased to have been hit from behind while sitting at a red light. Please remember to stop, look, listen and think before crossing the street in Paris. Your life may depend upon it!
White shaker style cabinets
I’m not going to list press mentions this time. Just too many…
When we moved to New Orleans, I knew it was a community that had a lot of need. Through the Hornets, I was able to participate in a few volunteer projects, but I knew I wanted to do something on my own. I googled a few different things and that's how I found Animal Rescue New Orleans (ARNO).
I want to stay in touch, in spite of a sticky mouse.
but she's still here folks. And so are we. So instead of the whostartedtheargumentfirst shananigans, let's just get you caught up with what we have been doing, shall we?....
‘Hi Jack’, I said.
Shareology found the most refreshing portion of the morning was that the panel’s willingness to admit their social media errors and share their learning. In a perfect world, well-reasoned strategy would be the foundation of each social media plan; in the real world, fear of action tends to stop most companies from even beginning. The value of experimentation was strongly stressed.
“I don’t believe in the god of the Christians who gave his son in order to save mankind. That’s a myth. But why should it have arisen if it didn’t express some deep-seated intuition in men? I don’t know what I believe, because it’s instinctive, and how can you describe instinct with words? I have an instinct that the power that rules us, human beings, animals and things, is a dark and cruel power and that everything has to be paid for, a power that demands an eye for an eye and a tooth for a tooth, and that though we may writhe and squirm we have to submit, for the power is ourselves.”
Dear A,
Some Lurch on steroids wardened
I did like this book, speaking generally, but since I am giving it 3/5 there must have been few things I didn't like.
