The tiny sparrow's song!
The celebration, of course, continues at the Victory Party this weekend, but not before Georgia's first appointment OT (off treatment!) tomorrow. As we understand it, she will have monthly count checks for one year, then every two months for a year, and then every 3-6 months (depending) for three years. Yep. So while going OT (love that!) is huge, Georgia is beginning a new, even longer journey - survivorship. She'll stay on antibiotics for the next six months and have her port taken out sometime this summer, but we will remain ever vigilant about infections, late effects, and anything else out of the ordinary until we hit that five year post-treatment mark. We're calling it "Georgia's Journey 2.0." We've each put on a fresh set of bracelets (Georgia, LIVESTRONG, and CureSearch), and we're ready for action - who's with us?!
were motifs in its weave.
They got to eat in the van on our way to the library. Where everyone there got to check out new books while I made a menu plan for the week and grocery list.
That's how Scandinavia works: they visit each other's countries for vacation, although you might see the odd German making his way around Akershus Festning. Public transport, eating out are horribly expensive, and a pint of beer costs around $10. I mean a half-litre, which is not quite a British pint. Which is 568ml for the similarly beer-loving.
Fo me I do keep on pondering. And I wonder: how accurate is my own memory of what really went on? Who WAS in the classroom that dinnertime other than Sean and me?
GUYS!
Above and below are a few peeks at my new site :) I hope you love the shop!
OK, Kaden. Sounds like a plan.
I plan to buy these often to use in salads, muffins, fruit smoothies and to just snack on.
“Mallory, you’re going to get four days of scruff and a female approved wardrobe. Hope you’re ready.”
Religion once again became a non-issue in my daily world, but that all changed during my first semester at college. I was taking a philosophy course on contemporary moral issues, and when the topic of homosexuality came up, the quiet (or sometimes not so quiet) bigotry of rural Christianity was waiting there in the back of my brain, ready to argue the point of why homosexuality was wrong. I bolstered my claims with biology, with logic, with everything but the kitchen sink. But when the professor asked me what was wrong with two people loving each other, with two people wanting to be each others’ best friends and helpmates, I had no answer. Like most people who had never actually known or been friends with any gay people, I was all focused on the sex act. Once I was forced to step beyond the bedroom into the world of life, where people love each other, where people care for each other, and where sex is simply a physical expression of that love, I was left without a leg to stand on. On that day, in that class period, I abandoned the God of rural Illinois, I publicly changed my position on homosexuality, apologized if I had offended anyone, and began to self-identify as an atheist. Because my professor was right, hate and intolerance are incompatible with love. And I knew then that Love and justice were more important to me than the God of the Bible, than the God of rural Illinois.
In 2006-2010, Vietnam’s economy was led mainly by investment, which accounted for over 42% of the country’s gross domestic product (GDP) and suffered from increasingly appalling efficiency. The incremental capital output ratios for 2007, 2008, 2009 and 2010 were 5.2%, 6.6%, 8.0% and more than 8.4%, respectively. The main culprits were foot-dragging projects, especially in the fields of power supply and transport infrastructure. Investment was scattered and inefficacious, not least in the case of Vinashin. Another testament to Vietnam’s woeful growth quality during this period was the slow pace of economic restructuring, as well as the economy’s limited competitiveness.
Amtrak’s role
I was thinking next time the Wednesday group runs Legend of the High Seas, I'm playing teddy bears!
They have shifted in that while I got to be known for writing about mothers and daughters before I had kids, now that I have children, I can see the parent-child relationship as being much more complicated than I ever knew it was. It's definitely changed my writing. However, in The Luck of the Irish I wrote much of the mom material that Hannah says before my daughter reached six weeks old. One bit of feedback I keep getting on that character is : oh, you must be writing from experience. And I was a little bit, but I had no idea of the working mom-concerned mom-slightly helicopter parent treadmill I was about to jump on. Most of it came from an active fantasy life.
House of Love Destroy the heart UK
'I'd love to!'
And last (but hopefully not least?) I whipped this up in photoshop from and awesome Sasha Bordeaux rendering I used a few postings ago. It just so happens that art style is very similar to the style used in one of my all time favorite cartoons Young Justice. This sort of cross over would be the next best thing to The Suicide Squad appearing in Young Justice.
Nibbles Darwin xx
he will come
Overall flexibility
What can I say! He speaks well considering that he was probably prepped with the questions that he would be asked, but in all honesty I could have seen similar comedy on the comedy channel. Stand up or in his case sit down comedy is not his forte.
The point I’m getting at is this one… THE FUCK EBAY????? I can’t bid on the
Trying to control the external world is as futile as trying to control the ocean.
While waiting for a few pieces to felt on my rolling machine, and no one in the house bugging me, I took the liberty to give this new-fangled idea of throwing your piece in the dryer a shot.
If you live in a country with essentially one season (as I do), you wear the same things all year round - there are no seasonal changes to force you to switch to a different set of clothes. As a result maybe we lack that feeling of giddy anticipation at seeing a beloved coat or sweater again when the temperatures change. The joy of the new only comes from buying something new. Which is not how I want things.
But the rough winds in Dawn's life have gotten rougher lately, and I've watched my beautiful, bright, courageous, cheerful, generous client and friend pounded to the ground. Over and over.
Whether given in right or created in wrong.
Hey! I've been meaning to post for ages but if you follow me on instagram or twitter you'll know this past week I've been busy traveling around Melbourne.
Shoppers Stop managed to keep head above water in March 2012 quarter with consolidated net profit of close to Rs 1 crore (drastically down from Rs 7.7 crore in same quarter last year) led by its 51% subsidiary, Hypercity, which reported a net loss of Rs 22.4 crore (up 20% year on year), higher fixed costs (interest, depreciation) and subdued operational performance.
Let’s draw out what is unstated here: We need someone to work for below minimum wage. If we paid a living wage to bean-pickers, the cost of beans would rise, and we can’t have that. So we need to sustain the system of exploitative labor practices. Since “Americans” won’t work for next to no pay, we’ll have to use illegal immigrants for (almost) slave labor. Let them in and sign them up! Otherwise those those tomatoes will double in cost!
Hope you enjoyed it. Happy Trails!
We consider each of these points in more detail, explain why they are the typical mistakes made by many poker players in http://www.everestpokergratis.it/, and show you how to correct them.
Here's a plan of the top of the kitchen, we opted for a bowl that's about 30cm across, obviously you'll need to make a hole in the work top to fit the bowl, or you could just have it free standing.
Twats are measured by the number of junior executives on a golfing holiday pushing in ahead of you in the queue at the airport check-in.
I've always thought it a good idea for an older girl in the home to cook every recipe in one of these to gain a wide variety of skills.
1 cup brown sugar (light for a milder flavor or dark, as I prefer, for a stronger hint of molasses)
I needed to know once and for all how I really felt about venison. I don't want to spend my life disliking it out of prejudice. I really needed to try it. The best way to try it would be to prepare it in my own kitchen - if I could only get my hands on some.
It’s live, live time
So fun following along with you two during the SoCal Ragnar... next year I think we should all do it as a family, I am serious! So fun! Great Job!
Carrie Ann: Diet Coke. I know it’s horrible for me. But I’m addicted.
Well, school took over and so did spring break from said school. Sorry for the absence!
I found this recipe on Elana's Pantry...my new favorite site. It's very similar to the blueberry muffins/cake that I made the other day. I also made my own substitutions to cater to my pantry items. It tasted like cake. Not like coconut flour cake. Like, real gluten-filled cake.
Stage fright is a phenomenon that you must learn to control.
Leg kick by Scott and Marx looks to counter again with the big right hand. Neither quite lands. Both fighters circling, and Marx throws two big haymakers. Ettling ducks underneath and goes for the take down. He gets it, and is in Marx half guard.
In outlining all of this, I’m addressing myself as much as anyone else. I’m just picking up these skills, and I’m sure I will be on the wrong end of a good beating every now and again when I get it wrong. This isn’t an exhaustive list of do’s and don’ts either. Right, who wants an argument?
By altering the ratio, this could decrease prostate cancer development and progression.
Start by using your favorite watercolors. When I want to be super fast, I pull out my Prang Semi-Moist Watercolors. I also recommend using a larger flat brush which makes it easy to make big splotches of color.
“So, you have another problem with how I grant your wishes?” He asks, lounging back in the ratty armchair, slender fingers raising a cigarette to his lips. I watch in silence as he takes a drag, exhaling a curling plume of smoke into the air of my apartment.
So a few quick shares and I thought I would enter a few challenges for a change. The card at the top is a nice bit of inky indulgence, a mixture of stamps........all listed below, ink dusting for the background and some seam binding. This card is my entry for the following challenges:
I baked something a bit more conventional a rye bread made with beer instead of water. No I have water, but I used the beer to enhance the flavour of the rye and caraway seeds. This time I used a nice bottle of Sierra Nevada Pale Ale and half a bottle of San Miguel. I gave the Poolish (the very wet yeast starter) 18 hours to ferment then let the dough rise for 10 hours in an oiled bowl, formed it into loaves and let it slowly rise overnight in the unheated kitchen. Both of us love sourdough bread and the combination of long fermentation and the beer give this rye its unique tang. I did use the stoneground rye, white and whole wheat flours from Stoate’s and Sons, Cann Mill near Shaftsbury. Stoneground flour always adds to the flavour and texture for a good bread.
As one of the cars shown at the launch was a R31 rebranded and reworked to look like the E20, initial observations were hard to make. The car that commenced testing was the E20.
Be still and KNOW that I am God. Psalm 46:10
As widely publicised in the media today, the old Casanova, famed almost as much for his extra-marital romantic liaisons when in office as for his political achievements, was caught out by his wife yesterday during a public engagement in Correze.
6.- One great obstacle is the want of self-control on the part of the parents. If you don’t have self-control, then your children won’t either.
What is hidden within flesh and bone? What radiates in spite of them?
Enter numbers of 5K participants as they cross finish line, cheer on participants, keep participants in order as they cross finish line, accept tear off bib number to keep them in order. All training done by Granite State Race Services on race day prior to Race start time (approximately 8:30 am).
This frosting was the perfect consistency for piping. I then just colored the frostings as I went along (the biggest time sucker).
It is not the cord by birth,
He responds in awe, “Isn’t it BEAUTIFUL?”
Died: 2/15/2000
Yes, I believe that our reality begins with our thoughts so, yes, I believe being preoccupied with "pain" instead of "power" will shape a certain experience.
Possible: Tilda Swinton (Lead Actress); Long Shot: Lynne Ramsay and Rory Kinnear (Adapted Screenplay)
KTLA News
NOBODY REMEMBERS OBAMA AT COLUMBIA
I've been surprised by Susi, http://artcsushi.blogspot.com with the Liebster Blog Award. Wow! Yeah ! What is the Liebster Blog Award? Good question. Well, its an award bestowed by fellow bloggers to give light to new blogs. It's a great was to share blogs that might not otherwise be seen or ones you want to share with others How awesome is that? Thanks a bunch Susi. Soooo surprised.
A bit – I play in a rock band with the cringeworthy name There Be Dragons and I have recorded some imperfect covers of songs my kids like, I’m doing a sort of punk ska three piece that’s sort of like a cross between Sublime and The Pogues – for which I intend to recruit horns soon and in a weird coincidence, the guys from the Shaved Pigs are tossing around the idea of getting back together for laughs. Who knows??
I'm not going to do that. I'll just get a phone off someone else until my upgrade. *wink*.
--Bill Heinze
Green Chillies - 2
Meanwhile, our daughter took a course as a nail technician. I hadn't realised quite how popular gel nails, manicures and pedicures are and she is doing really well. I had mine done and am so pleased with them. Now, I wonder why I haven't had them done before, they are so pretty, and strong. They were first done when I was mid screen printing course, and they stood up to all the paint and chemicals that involves, too.
Update: Nice and cold and racked into a keg. The wood chips are coarse enough that they won't transfer. The beer gave more vanilla type aromas when it was room temperature. Cold and flat, the roasted oak flavor is coming through. Not as much of the vanilla notes as I had hoped, but I'll wait until full carbonation until I give a final verdict. Still, the flavor is interesting. I call it a winner. 08-06-2007.
Somewhere that frees Love
2tbsp pumpkin seeds
‘Well, gone where?’
If you are the ‘artsy’ type, you shall enjoy this exhibition and if you’re not, you shall enjoy trying them on and taking pictures(like i did), they are truly works of art. Infact i think that during the next world cup, some of his stunners should be mass produced as fan regalia.
The adoption caseworker said she’d be emailing something, and I asked what to do with their “blue books” (notebooks foster parents have to keep up-to-date with information about the kids). She just shrugged and said, “whatever you want. You’re the parents now.”
Then, Abhisit went on a host of lodging and petitioning to this and that unit of cases against the government, calling the government a dictatorship. And to top it all off, it is “Hyping Up” the “Thakisin Issue” like mentioning the name Thaksin about 372 times, according to some Thai political pundits, in a single day of Parliamentary debate.
I hope you enjoy this
Sets and Costumes: Enough to make you fly to Heathrow and wait to get fogged in--if flying were still like this.
It doesn't contain any concentrates, flavourings, artificial sweeteners or colourings and comes in a screwcap bottle so you can keep it in the fridge for a couple of days without it spoiling. If it lasts that long.
More Fine Print Stuff
“Normally, in anything I do, I’m fairly miserable. I do it, and I get grumpy because there is a huge, vast gulf, this aching disparity, between the platonic ideal of the project that was living in my head, and the small, sad, wizened, shaking, squeaking thing that I actually produce.” – Neil Gaiman
For large orders, for example, of 1,000 harback (sic) copies, or 2,000 paperback copies (of the same title, and is not applicable to books with a Colour interior), the Print on Demand method is not likely to be the most cost efficient, and we are therefore able to quote for printing the books using the Litho printing method."
In 2007, the U.S.D.A. signed an agreement with the FAO to support the development of sustainable agriculture (agricultural biotechnology) in developing countries.
There are also three cards that are unnamed and are unmentioned in the book. Very mysterious!
I went back and got the link to the free chapter and posted it on her wall. “Food for thought,” I said.
Wilson is still too little to go trick or treating or really even understand what Halloween is, so it's still a pretty quiet holiday for us. I can't wait until he is older and can actually understand and be excited for dressing up and getting candy.
What A&F has done is to “speak the language of transformation”. In Practices of Looking by Marita Sturken and Lisa Cartwright, they talk about how advertisers “promise consumers…that their lives will change for the better if they buy a…product” (275) and that is exactly what A&F has been doing, but very discretely. They never tell us how bad our lives are, or advertise that they are better, but instead show us pictures of these hellenistic bodies to remind us that we don’t look like that, and we should, so we should buy their clothes (or lack of) to look like they do. So with my transformed ad, it works the same way; If your unhappy with your normal looking boyfriend, come get a new one that looks like this and is 20% off a ridiculously expensive price.
This card is more of a Congratulations card as you can see! I thought it was perfect for someone who has just received a promotion or is going off to the big city - something like that!
Description Of The Topics Below: Twilight portrait, Twilight portrait, landscape, Beach, high-speed shutter candle
8c. Extra Special/Strong Bitter (English Pale Ale)
or what a brain suggests
2) Provide scripts for core behaviors. By letting people know exactly what is expected of them, they are more likely to be able to achieve and sustain organizational change.
4. Oh, Lonesome Me
I :- What happened dude?
After posting your card to your blog or online gallery please use mr. linky below. You might also want to leave a comment below in case mr. linky gets lost. Should that is the case, a winner will be chosen from the comments.
I had tears in my eyes, I was just so nervous (I am a freak show).
· Not only is the "Irish Car Bomb" (a pint glass half full of Guinness with a shot glass of Bailey’s and Jameson dropped in) an appalling name for a drink, the waste of Guinness and Jameson in some novelty shooter is nothing short of blasphemy. Save the “Boilermakers” for the Milwaukee’s Best and enjoy a quality beverage the way it's meant to be enjoyed.
Original is the kind of writing that makes people love your story. It's what writers all strive to produce. It's definitely not easy but intensely rewarding--for both the reader and the writer--when it happens.
*Merrick Knuckle Bones (plain or basted)
Until recently the only option to transfer files between your computer and your smartphone was the physical USB cable connection, which is relatively simple but not very convenient. As many smartphones are Wi-Fi capable it is very convenient to view, open, copy or move files from your smarthone without any cables and without the need to sit in front of your desktop computer.
looking
2 Thunder vs. 8 Jazz, Thunder win series 4-1.
Friday's Child (Georgette Heyer)
1 tbsp Cream fraiche/ Cream
Tony Campolo says, “Our call is to be God’s agents, to rescue not only the human race but the whole of creation” (“Why Care for Creation,” Tear Times, Summer 1992).
Of course, the Budget - as always - went against what is good for the people, and further enriched the internationalists and those who collaborate in the enslavement of humanity. It would be tempting to label this Budget a Traitors' Budget, but considering the familial ties of the politicians in the London regime to the Zionist Internationale, this would not be quite correct. What we have witnessed is an Occupiers' Usury Budget, put in place by a people who have no place in the UK, or indeed Europe.
9:00-10:00 PM The L.A. Complex
Reflecting on the busy events programme at Dunedin’s stadium, it’s all on! Did the nomination come from Queenstown Lakes, home of the two ‘sirs’. Or the project manager. The mystery continues.
Happy Friday all!! What a beautiful couple days we've had here in Northern Minnesota! I was able to get outside for just a bit and I can't believe how nice all my perennials are coming up. I love this time of the year when things are really taking off and flowers are starting to bloom. How's you weather where you are?
This site documents each movie seen by my husband and myself since we began our obsession with Bollywood films and related media (like Tamil films and English-language films about India) in April 2009. I explain more of our Bollywood journey and personal film tastes on the About page. Subscribe to the blog so that you don’t miss any posts.
Tay Ping Hui was initially considered as a possible PAP candidate in the General Election last year, but he was not fielded in the end and it might have something to do with his ever willingness to speak up for Singaporeans even when it is not politically correct to do so.
I’m from Totowa, NJ. I would like to live near the sea.
This is going to get very interesting, as McDonalds has over 1,400 stores in Russia, and are not going to cut and run and will be forced to disclose on each and every product's container, what is in it, in very specific terms. Customers will finally get to know what poison the executives of McDonalds are feeding them and their children.
SPECIAL ACHEIVEMENT IN DIGITAL PERFORMANCE: Andy Serkis and Weta Digital, Rise of the Planet of the Apes – Can we agree now that Andy Serkis is the Lon Chaney of our age? I suppose the main difference is that Lon did his own make-up while Serkis relies on technical wizards at Weta Digital. Still, with Lord of the Rings, King Kong, The Adventures of Tintin, and Rise of the Planet of the Apes Serkis has proven himself a master of his craft. The Oscars have yet to recognize him for this. Perhaps it’s because the Academy is made up largely of actors and they’re hesitant to embrace any technology that renders them “less essential,” but it’s precisely Serkis’s involvement that renders characters like the chimpanzee Caesar so realistic and moving to begin with. Let’s give the man his due already.
It is so unfortunate that it’s because of a calamity that I was able to set foot on its land.
Don’t worry, don’t you fret
02. Limitless (prod. by Trials)
Sweeting did not reply directly to the other criticisms, but I think they're worth a closer look.
Update: I heard back from the museum of the Old Coast Guard Station and was told that the height from the ground floor to the top of the tower is 48 feet. So Casia's measure was pretty darn close! I consider this a very successful (and fun!) experiment.
Side hidden zipper
Apple's registered design for a handheld computer
‘If you’re going to kill each other, do it outside. I just finished cleaning.’
“Yikes! May I come with you?”
Yesterday, while spending some quality time together in my study room, Miss Chatterbox asked if she could borrow my computer to type a post for Mommy's blog. When I first read it, I was surprised at the topic she chose: friendship. And I must say that I was quite impressed (yep, I was clearly being a proud mama here) with what she had to say.
A little scrapping, not my favorite, but at least I'm getting back to it...
Anticipation: you can’t sleep some nights you are that excited. Though finishing a race and welcoming a new life into the world are galaxies apart, both are a pregnant (pun intended) with hope.
Bob had told me about Lulu several years earlier, and in that conversation he’d suggested it would be a good fit for me someday. Now, we both thought, this might really be the time.
He tilted my head slightly and upon having my neck in full view, he sank his sharp-edged teeth into my neck. His eyes became a shade of darker red. Ravishing, it was.
Big Papa Stout
This made enough to spread heavily on 3 quesedillas. It probably made about 1/2 to 3/4 of a cup. I spread it on a grilled tortilla, with grilled chicken, shredded cheese, and carmelized onions. It was very delish. I will make this again and put it on mexican pizza, or use it as a layer on 7 layer dip.
A while back I tried the Pillsbury quick bread version and it just wasn't the same.
So there we go, doesn't it have such a fun flow? I still want the nut to go and it will never top the theme of my show. But it has it's moments I will say as I kick the bug eyed creep out of my bay. Now are you pleased it has come to pass? I sure am, so he will no longer bother my little rhyming ass.
I WILL TAG WORKING LINKS WITH THE TAG
I have a wonderful family.
Deacon: Fr Jean Claude Selvini
Hong Kong is easily the most dynamic city I have ever visited. Alive, moving, walking, running, and most of all eating and all of this with great vigor.
The Absolute Poker overview exhibits that the software the location makes use of as compared to lots of the others, is far extra superior and has loads of options which are unique. The positioning is effectively designed and the options of the site go well with even the most subtle gamers of the game. One can play real money video games on the website and win more cash which is why there are a large number of people who wish to play on the website. There are numerous good tournaments taking place on the web site and one can find WPT qualifiers and WSOP satellites on the website at day and night.
Hello Carol,
The novel covers major historical events in a turbulent period, including the Communist Worker’s Movement, Trotsky’s assassination, FDR’s terms in Washington, World War II, and the House Unamerican Activities Committee. Although Shepherd’s life is extraordinary by any standards, Kingsolver was able to make it feel absolutely persuasive. While I usually dislike historical novels where ordinary people keep running into famous people, I completely accepted every sentence of this book.
Anyone can enter my candy anywhere in the world, and even if you don't have a blog!
* I have NO understanding of math.
Rudolf Klein-Rogge’s Rotwang gestures wildly, triggering laughs from the audience. He’s classically bonkers. But consider how many ticks and affectations you might collect, living mostly alone for years, consumed with your work and the memory of a woman you loved? A woman you lost to a more powerful man, in whose city you now live and work? And whose sex killed the woman? A man who understands that city less well than you do? You, too, would be bitter. You would be strange.
The last time I wrote, I had just been to the hospital and had tests run for gestational hypertension. The following day after all that happened we got a phone call from the hospital asking us to come back to L&D. We had just got done shopping at Costco so we quickly dropped off all our goods, let the dogs out, and then made our way back to the hospital.
My friends would think I was a nut
May 26:Mod night: Joe Allison band and sixties tunes from a DJ (Brambles, 9pm)
4. this may not make sense, but pears seem to take themselves a bit too seriously. if they were able to eat, they would be gourmets rather than gourmands. in other words, they leave me somewhat cold and once, in high school, i gave them up as my new year's resolution.
I have an ‘Incase of Emergency’ Nacho Kit. I swear I do.
A church billboard proclaiming that “Jesus Heals Cancer” has breached advertising standards by suggesting the church can offer something other churches cannot, the Advertising Standards Authority has ruled.
I usually buy most of these from Whole Foods Market, but I’m sure they’re available in many other places.
In fact, God pre-empted Paul’s need for encouragement. Have you ever sensed an answer to prayer even before you prayed for it? If you are anything like me you will say, “Yes.” God knows the needs of His own. This is the very reason for the indwelling Spirit, that, according to Romans 8:26, “maketh intercession for us with groanings which cannot be uttered.”
The room looks like this:
The Earth will still exist, it will recover, but who knows about the human race.
To close in the summer
We will receive your donation immediately; the amount will be charged to your phone bill.
Under my view, had the invasion of the Philippines by the Japanese forces, which we feared and expected in December, 1941 failed to materialize either because the invasion was repelled or because the Japanese high command at the last moment decided to by-pass the Philippines and divert his forces further south to invade, say Australia, or if the Pacific war had ended as we all or most of us then expected it to end sooner within weeks or months after its commencement and that the emergency resulting therefrom had also ceased soon thereafter, Commonwealth Act No. 671 would have automatically ceased to have force and effect right in the year 1942 without any affirmative act or law of the Legislature. There would be no point or reason for the President to continue exercising emergency powers when there no longer was any emergency. But under the view of the majority, emergency or no emergency even if Congress could meet in special session to enact general legislation, the country must continue to be ruled by the Presidential decree until the next regular session of Congress which may not come till may months later. In my opinion this is not logical. To me the real and only reason and test for the continuance of the exercise of emergency powers is the continued existence of the emergency, not the inability of the Congress to meet in regular session.
and tomorrow i'm going to get up, work really hard at not being sad, work really hard (at doing work), backdate some more blogposts to fill in that November gap (revel in the fact that many of them will be ikemen themed) and run headlong into my future hopes + dreams with arms outstretched and a sparkling smile on my face ... or maybe i'll just get some pancakes or something,
I tried the TIG out on thick material for the first time, I’ve only ever used it on bodywork until now. It seemed to go ok but I really need to be able to sit down when TIG welding, standing on one leg and waving your arms about is fine for a rock flute solo a la Ian Anderson of Jethro Tull but it doesn’t help with welding.
#4. I love my family and I’m not ashame to say that I love spending time with them; actually, is one of the things I like the most.
Last I smelled, both Baldwin and Sarandon were still polluting the ozone layer above Hollywood.
Central Oklahoma used to be awash in a north / south strip of post oaks and blackjack oaks called cross timbers, which are short, thick-trunked, wind-stripped trees that were virtually impassable for wagons. Below is a small remnant in the WMWR.
Christy McGill, Director of Healthy Communities Coalition: “People have been asking why we’re doing this. My answer is that volunteers from all over Nevada are working at this event because every member of our rural Nevada family deserves basic healthcare. We’re doing this because we can, because we should, because our neighbors and our families are valuable to this great state.”
For those who understand the issues, the real reason was because Jackson and then Dannatt were committed to the FRES programme and feared that, if protected vehicles were bought, the money would come from the FRES budget. Thus, to protect the budget for their new toys, they were prepared to let soldiers die.
I moved eventually into a nice side suite by the beach still in Kelowna. It was beautiful there.
Bobster’s House – It’s Bobster’s House! Yeah! If you’re not reading already, then you should be. He’s cool. He’s honest. He takes neat photos. What else can I say? Oh yeah, he writes beautifully and I just enjoy his posts and I’d like you to also.
Catch you all later, Val xxx
A friend of mine recently told me about a friend of hers who used multiple $10.00/1 Crest White Strips coupons to get jumbo packs of diapers (probably Pampers, since they are both manufactured by P&G) for free. Apparently, when the first several numbers of different products’ UPC codes are the same, cash registers may not catch that a coupon is being used for the wrong item. Even if the register does catch the error (you’ll know because it will make an angry beeping sound), an oblivious cashier may manually okay it. Sounds pretty cool…… But it’s also illegal.
Furthermore, while Silla maintained an open-door policy to Korean immigrants from Baekje and Gorguryeo, Chinese, Khitans, Malgals and other races were deliberately kept out. They were allowed to trade with Silla, but could never become its citizens.
If one DOES slip through, there's this handy dandy little trash can under it that can be clicked and VOILA - - - the comment is GONE.
Carrie Ann: ANA is a short novella after Trinity Bound in the Redwood Pack series. It’s a sweet and spicy take on a night away with Mel and Kade. You can read it before you read the others, but not before you read book 1, An Alpha’s Path.
Let me Know your Thoughts Below, Follow this Blog, and be Social with this Post, for the more people we have living successfully in this Now Moment and discussing the value of doing so, the higher we lift all others around us.
It’s wonderful to have an artist so resolute in breaking down boundaries, avoiding categorisation and celebrating differences rather than conforming to mainstream expectations or whatever is ‘hip’ or ‘cool’ in any given week. What the world needs now is a little bit of Janelle Monae.
I can say HOOOOOrse (make it sound like a horse noise) and you will still understand what I want to say – while a software based on sound recognition wont extract meaning.
nicest thing I have ever received in a swap. I just
Experts say the only near-term answer to better protect our nation’s existing spent nuclear fuel is dry cask storage. But there’s one catch: the nuclear industry doesn’t want to incur the expense, which is about $1 million per cask.
I know I do.
Hope everyone survived their Monday!
Tony Ball, leader of Basildon Council, has been nominated for the award of Council Leader of the Year by the Local Government Information Unit “in recognition of his role spearheading the eviction of Travellers from Dale Farm”. The award ceremony takes place on Monday 27 February at Westminster City Council.
She signed A LOT of her books.
Maybe we are eligible to join the many who minister to us on a minute by minute basis from the realms that surround and interpenetrate our third dimensional reality. After all we have been here, done that, so many times and got the spiritual scars to prove it so we could be in a prime position to help others on similar paths of self realisation.
‘No, sir.’
Most nights, we race to bed to see who can get there first mainly because, if I get there first, I can fall asleep with out listening to the snoring. If he gets there first, the bed isn't hot.
Not only will this be my first fancy party, but also my first chance to possibly get some contacts in the entertainment world. I did a little bit of research on this event Kim’s taking me to, and it seems the place will be brimming with artists of many forms, managers, and/or booking companies. Essentially, a party full of people I will want to know. Most importantly, there will be hors d’oeuvres.
Little did I know, a very popular book featured a villain named Draco, and everyone asked if that’s who I was naming myself after. Now that I know who Draco Malfoy is, I’m glad I didn’t know at the time. But what was terrible, was that name fit even worse. And by even worse, I mean it started to be a relief when the other counselors would use my real name.
Self says that on one level he would have expected Riddley’s culture not to be literate, yet Riddley and other characters such as the officials at The Ram can read and write. At the same time, he says that it is one of the wonderful things about the book that it is an “entirely believable world entire” in which literacy can exist – it’s not as if Russ simply reproduced an iron-age culture. Did Russ research history prior to writing? “In the first drafts which were in standard English, Riddley was a kind of anthropologist studying his culture. That got tossed out fairly early on and I did what I had done in Kleinzeit, where instead of reading medical dictionaries I made up my own names for things.” Self says he remembers very well the language of Kleinzeit, and they talk tantalisingly briefly about this pre-Riddley book. (The comparison isn’t quite exact though, as in Kleinzeit Russ uses real words such as stretto and hypotenuse in place of medical terms, whereas in Riddley the words are either entirely fabricated or corrupted versions of our own.)
It's an exciting read with plenty of surprises along the way. But a one-off, I think. I believe David will be returning to gritty adventure with her next book, a third title about Ty, the protagonist of the first two books.
If you visit the Sassy Studio designs blog by clicking here you'll see that some of their own design team have made some cards using the challenge theme here.
Beer of the Day: Sublimely Self-Righteous Ale by Stone Brewery
Our Oklahoma CareerTech has changed their website. I don’t know if your “old” link to Brainbench works but please bookmark https://dpt.okcareertech.org/pfccsecu/bb.student.login.dptw as the site for the Brainbench exams.
How did your interest in music and composing begin?
*Rub the duck leg quarters with ginger, salt, 5 spice and cooking wine. Marinate for at least 2 hours, pat dry with a towel. Combine honey and soy sauce, bush the mixture over the duck leg. Deep fry the legs until golden (doesn't need to be cooked all the way, just aim for color). Reconstitute the mushrooms.
He growled at him and he hissed at him; all his fur bristling hardly, making him look like a porcupine.
The President of the Philippines shall as soon as practicable upon the convening of the Congress of the Philippines report thereto all the rules and regulations promulgated by him under the powers herein granted.
Now a lot of the complementary colors are being used (see the blue face he has right now?) I'm working a lot with Indigo Blue and Tuscan Red to create a nice dark color that I then go over with Black or Dark Umber colors. Also when I work with color pencils I make sure that I really get them ingrained into the tooth of the board. I really don't do the whole light layering technique, but more of a 'really push them in there and get those layers built up' approach. I think that is how I get a painterly effect with them (most people confuse my color pencils for either acrylic or oil paintings).
I started reporting on this at least 10 years ago, in my email list, before I had my blog. It just amazes me what the American public puts up with. All we needed was one study. Now we have how many that link fluoride to lowered IQ and even brain damage?
Then another flash forward and we are again current – Docheski is still threatening Mei. Only the Russians are being threatened by some corrupt New York cops who are about to break in.
Gasparilla is an annual tradition in the city of Tampa. It began in 1904 to "commemorate" the legendary pirate, Jose Gaspar, who terrorized the coastal waters of West Florida during the late 18th century. Gaspar, given to calling himself "Gasparilla," served as a lieutenant in the Royal Spanish Navy for five years until 1783 when, upon seizing command of a Spanish sloop-of-war, he with his fellow mutineers set sail for the Florida straits. And so the young Spanish aristocrat-turned-pirate began an adventurous life as an infamous outlaw of the sea.
14But when this came to the ears of the Apostles, Paul and Barnabas, they went running out among the people, parting their clothing, and crying out,
The only website that exists requires a great deal of attention in order to serve its purpose and be helpful to users. In addition, Afro-IP would have preferred the main IP office to have one.
PUTRAJAYA — MCA president Dr Chua Soi Lek has enlightened the Chinese on MCA’s contributions to and concern for the community in his debate with DAP secretary-general Lim Guan Eng, said Barisan Nasional (BN) secretary-general Tengku Adnan Tengku Mansor.
The girl now lived all alone in the little house. She was industrious. She span, wove, and sewed; and everything she did was touched by the good old woman's blessing. It was as though the flax multiplied itself in her kitchen, and whenever she wove a piece of cloth or a carpet, or sewed a shirt, she always immediately found a buyer who paid so well that she was never in need and always had something to share with others.
I've eaten a pastrami sandwich at Canter's, a pizza at Domianos, shrimp and crawfish etouffe at Harold and Belle's, a gigantor burrito at El Chabelita, chili and a lamb sandwich at Philipe's, and shrimp tacos at this little joint by my mechanic's. I've eaten like a champ all over LA and I'm now ready to go to Sweden for two months and eat... salmon. Lots of salmon.
So on May 21 we didn’t have quakes. We did have a big thunderstorm and after that we have these tiny frogs all over the place, in yards and on roads. I was wondering if all these frogs are perhaps a plague. We had the oil spill from BP that turned the oceans red. Then we had “stink bugs” all over the place since last year. These species seem very close to locusts in the sense that they are in-destroyable with no known predator and they are destroying crops and now we have frogs all over. I might be a little cuckoo to think that but maybe its not that unimaginable. USA is having a lot of natural disasters. Maybe its a sign to stop the aggression.
A call to a Walgreen's in Houston confirmed that I hadn't left my wallet on their counter which meant it was probably sitting in my apartment. "No worries! Everything will work out fine!" he fervently said out loud to no one.
For a certain age bracket of readers, Nuremberg will evoke memories of the post World War II Nazi crimes tribunal, as it did for me. Putting that aside what you’ll find is a Bavarian city rich in culture.
Until the next sniff, sip, quaff, cheese binge and/or mannequin tour,
"This is your final notice that the refrigerators in the break room will be cleared out today. Anything that is left in the fridges between 3:30 and 3:45 is going in the trash. I don't care what it is. In fact, if there is fancy tupperware or a nice, cloth lunch bag, I'm going to put it in my car so you can't dig it out of the trash because I'm a petty, vindictive soul. No emails or post it notes will be honored...without a monetary bribe (checks will be accepted with a government issued ID." So, earlier today, I ran into a relatively new nurse in the break room and she commented that I'd cracked her up with my email. She went on to say that she thought it was funny when I'd sent out the notice stating "you may put your items back in the refrigerators. Thank you for the vegetable platter." Because someone left an unopened package of cut up veggies and dip. I told the nurse that it turned out to be past its sell by date but that I'd planned to take it home to my guinea pig.
This is by far my favorite fly to fish for bluegill when they won’t hit bugs on top. It’s effective, super easy to tie and the hooks are inexpensive so you never worry about loosing a few which lets you fish them with a lot of confidence.
Now Tam! O Tam! had thae been queans (young girls),
﻿﻿﻿﻿Did you know that 1 in 8 pregnancies result in premature birth?
Too add even more turds to the toilet, I noted that yet another former BTC touter now on my condemned list had come to visit as well, but we got along fine, even to the point where I complimented him on the Leo Gorcey impression he did! The strange thing about this is, that I did not take any pain or allergy aids that night and those are the things that usually give me sharp, vivid dreams! Well, all I gotta say is that it wasn't one of those dreams that give me the creeps so much (like the ones where I observe gross mass genocide or various wartime atrocities first hand-like) that I don't wanna go back to sleep for another century or so. With this one make it at least a good month, because once you get down to it Chuck Eddy is Chuck Eddy and there's no way gettin' 'round that disturbing fact!!
Now that summer is approaching, the FDA has issued a Food Facts pamphlet about eating outdoors and handling food safety. In warm weather, there are more opportunities for pathogens to multiply in food. Grilling is a common summertime activity, but there are rules consumers must follow to keep the food they serve safe.
be-because all those Ph.D.'s are in
As the morning progressed, my mood changed from upbeat, excited and hopeful, to worried, dismayed and upset. I KNOW what it feels like to put in months and months of training and then have to back down, accept the injury/weather/course/ or whatever the day might bring. Move outside of my hopes and dreams and rely on my body to just survive. It usually isn't very pretty. It takes your mind and your body to a different place. It is often a cliche but at times like this, very true, EXPERIENCES like this take you to a different place as a runner and as an individual. A very noble place.
No one would choose this. It’s too hard. I’ve asked my daughter, ‘If this condition was known about in 1989 when I was pregnant and there was an option to have a termination, would you have wanted me to?’ She said yes. And I agree. If I had known what it would be like for her, I would have done it. That’s how bad it is.”
# 1 is a great aunt. I don’t know the car…
Travis: Driftwood and Flowers in the Window (The Turn of the Century)
Both the name and the wrenching-sad tone of the sleeping breath that carried it shot through him like an icy bullet. It crashed his reverie right back into the ocean of cold grief and roiling helplessness. It was a struggle for him not to echo with a whimper of his own. Or a sob. Or to wake her knowing she must be dreaming. Strange in a way that should be comforting but wasn’t really, he thought it might be good that at least even in a bad dream their son was with her again. Even if that dream was so bad as to relive the baby’s death all over again. Careful not to wake her, he moved from the bed.
We have been blessed with some spectacular weather here in the Pacific Northwest. It has just been beautiful .........now the planters are calling to me.......and those pesky weeds that just love to grow with all the rain we get!! Time for my gardening gloves!
Balsamic and lime dressing - My Father’s Daughter does not contain many salad recipes – such a shame. With a spring book release, prime salad season is upon us. So instead of following a salad recipe, I decided to make my own green salad and try a dressing from Paltrow’s book. It was satisfactory, but not amazing: heavy on the olive oil (as her other dressings appear to be), hinting at a European flavor. For the North American palette, I would suggest less oil, a little more balsamic and a lot more lime.
Remember: the purpose of the CV is to get you an interview. If a recruiter puts you forward for an interview and the employer agrees to meet you then perhaps your new CV is an improvement on the old one.
Odds
Fortunately, it all worked out fine. Better than fine actually - the dip received a ton of compliments and there were several requests for the recipe! The spicy level was good for me, there was some heat, but not so much my mouth was on fire. Like I said, though, I'm a wimp about spicy foods, so if you love them, I might recommend adding another jalapeno. Shane and I usually host a Super Bowl party every year, and I have already decided I'm adding this to the menu. Now I just need to cross my fingers that we'll be cheering for the Patriots when the time comes!
It’s a simple No Confidence Motion, being brought forward by a minority in the house.
Firstly, let me thank the Rambling Person himself for allowing me the opportunity to sully his corner of the internet. And sully I shall.
3) You can’t scientifically prove that Jesus is God and/or that God even exists.
Another startling trend was that all of the non-BCS unbeatens had wins over two-A opponents. Of the BCS unbeatens, Northwestern, Oklahoma State, LSU had wins against two-A competition. Texas Tech had wins over two FCS teams and they became a poll exclusion as did all the others with inter-division wins with the exception of LSU, who had a quality win against a ranked opponent* and Utah, whose opponent composite was the best of all the non-BCS unbeatens (15-18).
Overall, not horrible. Unfortunately, I am not satisfied. I want more. Luckily for me, I’m not done training! I’ve got Insanity, the Shaun T workout, starting May 13th! I’ve got a great Challenge Group ready to go, and I couldn’t be more excited. I’ve done the workout before, and even though I didnt eat right at all (fast food, and junk daily), I still lost 8Lbs. I can’t wait to see what happens when I follow the meal plan properly.
Thinking back on other distinctly old school game books, I don't think there as are many NPCs listed there. I remember thinking a way back that a dungeon, whatever it was I was reading that day, felt kind of empty, since there was no named personalities in it.
The problem is NOT –I repeat— The problem is NOT the Teachers or Laborers, or the Unions, or the Poor, or Immigrants, or the Working Class with their earned income credit, or spending on Entitlements, it is not the Middle Class or your mom on Social Security or your grandfather on Medicare. Money and most important the Political power in the hands of the few is the injustice. It is not the 99%ers that are in charge but the 1%ers. The middle class continues to shrink, and the number of poor has grown.
Check them out now!
5. JAVA code fixing and testing the fixes.
Currently, if a business is considering where to open it's next plant or center, it must consider that in the U.S. it will pay a high tax rate on the business itself (unless it corrupts Congress with bribes to get tax loopholes) and then employees and stock holders will then pay tax again on their earnings.
So one last touch and then you'll go
So, I think I just have to accept the fact that I'm just a girl with a camera.....
Now, in the time that I’ve been typing this post, there was a commercial by Dyson for all of their products at 20% off for Mother’s Day. I guess that’s the completely other direction to take.
Speaking of which, that is this coming weekend? How can it be Easter already? I guess I am just in denial that it is even spring, because the weather in Seattle still feels like winter, and it is gross. I need sunshine!
17. I had to pay $150 to an attorney last week on top of having to pay bills, put gas in two large gas-sucking vehicles, and feed a family of five, two of whom are teenagers.
Now I'm not saying I'm inspired to be a fetish model (I'm only 17. A little too early to be getting into that I think), but her work ethic and how she lives her dream is so inspirational to me. Amelia works 24/7 on her band, jewelry line, makeup line, fashion line, modeling, blogging, ect. I totally love that! I love the feeling of being busy and having a lot a lot to do, but lately I've been wanting to just stay in bed forever. Not anymore though~ I want to get out and do what I want to do. I really could care less if anybody tries or wants to stop me.
To take a train
I built up layers of color. Using a very light stroke and starting at the outside edge, I pulled color in, leaving some light around the words and clock. The distress inks stay wet a little longer than dye inks which allows for blending on the semi-glossy card stock. NOTE: As you can see from the photos, the image was stamped sharp. I think as I added color and left light in the center, it makes the image almost look 3-D.
6. IF YOU WERE HEADLINERS OF A TOUR,WHO WOULD YOU WANT TO BE
Yes, there will be a big traditional turkey dinner today, and I'll eat my share (or maybe a little bit more), and the wine will flow. I will drink a silent toast of gratitude to the blogger community and the beautiful people I feel I've gotten to know in some small way.
"misssss schhhoooolllzzz"
Bulgarian Carrot
Be sure to check out the creations from the Design Team:
And at times I wish you never.
Scarlett Grace was born, and I'd gotten my way.
Cambridge was a country town in those days and it was not uncommon to have pheasant for lunch; we did not have rabbit because Donald did not like the soapy flavour, but we did occasionally have hare. We didn’t have partridge or other game birds, although I member a brace of ducks brought home, but don’t remembered whether I enjoyed them or what they tasted like. Venison was not common in our parts, and I did not taste it until I was in Heidelberg in 1964.
the Keynote Speaker, Jimmy
On a more technical note, why did the kegs explode? The police said "carbon dioxide in the kegs"... well that doesn't help, all beer ought to have carbon dioxide in it. Kegs are rated to take more than 60 psig in pressure, but a filled keg really ought to not have more than 30 psig pressure, even in hot weather. Unless, of course, the temperature was very very hot. Or the beer was very over carbonated. Seems weird... the only time I've heard of kegs exploding are from drunken idiots throwing them on the fire or somebody hooking up an un-regulated beergas line to the gas-in (which would be like 2000-8000 psi instantly).
How about your friendly neighborhood cops on roller skates? I've seen the police on bikes, on horseback, and even on Segways but this was a first for me. The nice weather clearly had everyone in a good mood as this trio had pulled out a copy of Paris Par Arrondissement to help a lost soul find his destination.
the more common one is Peking Duck rolls, which we usually see at most restaurant... hmm, price for some may be on the high side, so how often does one order this dish whenever we dine at restaurants...
Now for my 7 things about me (brace yourselves):
Next is The Maze Runner trilogy. The first book was genius, and I’m sure the second one will be too (the second book is currently occupying everywhere I go :D). I can’t wait to read the third and final one.
My disappointment with Romney concerned his social positions. I had hoped that he would be tolerant and nonjudgmental toward people who chose to live differently than the Religious Right, but instead he seems intent on converting them. Romney is strongly pro-life, anti-gay marriage, and pro-religion. He thinks that people who believe in legalizing marijuana are hedonists, not real Americans who are living for something greater than themselves.
A nice easy project! Hope you enjoy. Thanks Elizabeth and congrats!
Side 1: Yelp is social media. You can add friends. You can meet people who become your friends. You can send messages to your friends. It must be social.
So Lee is giving himself a well-deserved pat on the back for planning this trip to Paris. Our hotel is awesome, and about a 5- or 10-minute walk from the Arc de Triomphe if you know which direction to go. We've walked ALL OVER Paris for the last couple days and we've seen some amazing things, so lots of wonderful pictures when we get back. But here's just a few from our first two days to make you jealous.
Today was one of those days.
1. So important is a possession of knowledge and being informed, that Paul counted all things but loss for the excellency of the knowledge of Christ” (Phil. 3:18).
In my geriatric practice I interact with people who have aged poorly. Most have lost their most precious gift – their ability to think. But I also see people who have aged past the 100-year mark and are as coherent as you and I. I always ask them about “the secret” to successful aging. Surprisingly, there are many common threads among these people. They have the answer to the question: How can I age successfully and retain my mind?
The law is based on a lie and was invalid before the first signature ever appeared on the petition in approval.
By Aldous Huxley
4. Romaine, red leaf and green leaf lettuce, .77/ea. at Sun Harvest (through 12/15/10)
Someone once said that the little details are what matter, and I agree, all the small details matter and make a huge difference in the end. Without the small things, we would be nothing. The little details are what make up the world, and also every reason it keeps spinning. I am simply talking about those every day things that we pass off and do not think twice about.
White Sakura gel pen
After winning first place at Spelling Bee when younger, I am sometimes drawn to unusual words and like to know what they mean. The word “Evanescence” in the first paragraph of the review happened to be one word I became curious about and Michael Hutchence asked someone to look up it’s meaning.
“Boss… This is Detective Harris” Detective Harris comes in and shakes Jonan’s left hand.
PS: London – as it will be our winter I’d appreciate a week of your most glorious summer sun, you’ve been warned! Get on it
By Holly Henry, WTKR Online Producer
Najib is meeting Malaysians at London's prestigious O2 Arena next Monday.
* * * Somebody said being a mother is boring .... somebody never rode in a
“You lied,” said Ann.
The car has an odor of a substance that I'm quite familiar with, so I put it to him: "How come this car smells like weed?" The driver begins to visibly shake. He agrees with me, but says that it's not his weed and not his car. It turns out the driver is just a valet for a so-called "gentleman's club" up the block. He's sweating bullets because, as it turns out, he's only been out of prison for about a month. That should tell you something about this particular club, right there. But the club's manager sees the stop and verifies that the guy is indeed the valet, and he tells us that the car belongs to one of the dancers, who is about to get off for the night. my partner and I confer briefly and we tell the manager to go get the car's owner while we deal with the valet's driving issues.
It’s late Friday evening and you’re frustrated that you haven’t been able to head home from work yet. Your boss has now set you off with a comment he made about your schedule. You are all fired up and decide to not let him out of the office until he clarifies what he meant. Once you’ve calmed down you take time to listen to what he was trying to communicate earlier. Now you realize that the offensive comment (you thought you heard) was a complete misunderstanding.
On a side note, I'm officially an aunty of 13! Remember this baby shower? Yup, I have 13 nieces and nephews now, and the 13th was just born a few days ago and I am officially in love with her. This cake was actually made right before the baby was born. Can't wait to see her grows up and feed her cakes to maintain those chubby cheeks :)
While the Regulars crushed one Warband to there front. They neglected to fight decisively to their rear
It comes under the jurisdiction of the Vicariate of Rome, who ultimately answer to the Vatican.
I will leave you with a quote from Albert Einstein, “God does not play dice.” Albert Einstein, possibly the greatest mind to reject the theory of quantum mechanics.
Thanks to each and every one of you who took the time to comment on our FSS creations! You all made our first blog hop a TOTAL success! Design Team, you are FABOOOOLOUS!!! Loved your work!!!
As soon as you start researching a historical novel, you discover that the past really is a foreign country, and they really do do things differently there. That's part of the fear and part of the fun: you're the pioneer in this strange land, hacking back the jungle and getting the measure of the natives, before you go back to collect your readers, and lead them through it in their turn.
All three lead size models of the Rapid Pro are essentially stylistically and mechanically the same. The only differences are at the ends of the pencils. Lets start at the top.
Beezus asks me if her sister is big now or if she is still little. She gestures with her arms, open and then brings her hands together in the size of a newborn. And I say that she is neither. She is just ash and bone. She is dead and not growing anymore. I tell her we can look at the ruins of her sister. Lucy is in a jar on the shelf. We could pour her out on an earthenware plate, and see if she is still there, in the white of who she once was.
This court holds that, as a general matter, the materiality required to establish inequitable conduct is but-for materiality. When an applicant fails to disclose prior art to the PTO, that prior art is but-for material if the PTO would not have allowed a claim had it been aware of the undisclosed prior art. Hence, in assessing the materiality of a withheld reference, the court must determine whether the PTO would have allowed the claim if it had been aware of the undisclosed reference. In making this patentability determination, the court should apply the preponderance of the evidence standard and give claims their broadest reasonable construction.
Worst Booth: Verizon Wireless - That DROID RAZR tasted way too oxidized and had a little too much horse blanket for my tastes.
Lots of BeerAdvocate reviewers,
You can read more about Verm-X at their site. Basically, Verm-X is an herb/spice combination that is supposed to have deworming properties. You can get it in liquid form, or feed pellets. One challenge, however: the girls drink and forage in so many places that I can't guarantee they're ingesting enough (or any) of the formula. Tried soaking bread scraps in the liquid Verm-X as an alternative suggested by their site, but the girls wouldn't touch the stuff - it has that potent a scent! After chatting on Twitter with a couple other hen-addled folks, came up with a solution: pre-soak scratch grains in Verm-X. This gives the Verm-X time to "off-gas" some its scent, making it more approachable. The girls are now eating the grains.
+ Idle's ribbing of Arthur "Two-Sheds" Jackson.
626. Giada Solana’s Pasta @ The Flynn House (Hatfield, PA) 9:58 p.m.
We don't actually own either of these two portraits but the descendants of James (in Ohio) were kind enough to mail us copies, which we treasure.
1: (Exceptionally, this deck can have one drops, though no more than 3. Seriously!) Midnight duelist(W), Somberwald vigilante(R), Stonewright(R)
I want to lavishly spoil my wife, kids, mom, best friend and other friends with love, kindness and gifts.
The Pretty Things- what’s Good For The Goose
Nada Surf Popular US
Boil milk and keep it ready
It was only after I had watched Water for Elephants in the cinema (Which I’m ashamed to admit, I only went to see mainly because of a certain Mr.Pattinson) that I learned of the existence of the original novel from which it borrowed it’s tale. All I can say is thank you Hollywood, I owe you one. This is one of the most beautiful novels I have ever read. Although I am generally wary of a tale told in the first person this was one of the most evocatively written, most engrossing and most wonderful books I have had the pleasure to read. After greedily tearing through it’s pages I found myself wishing that I had pursued a career as a vet or at the very least had retained the skills that I had learned in gymnastics in my youth so that I would have a viable circus career to fall back on. Watch this, read this; it’s all great.
Look who’s advising Obama Everyone voted in favor… except the J Streeters J Street crosses a red line for supporters of Israel Sanctions that feed an appetite for arms Hamas breaks up a literature festival 11-May-12: If a lethal weapons cache is found and seized and no one hears about it, did it happen? Ant(isemitic)Twerp Another candidate for Foreign Ministry House Cleaning: Philly consul general to join J Street rally At least they won’t have to worry about airport security Raymond Ibrahim: Jihad Comes to Egypt Tibetan Holdem When The Dictator Met The Israeli Wacky Hamas Terrorist Profile of the Day Palestinian Arabs prefer to buy Blue and White! “Sweden was boring, so I joined the IDF” LATMA’s tribal update featuring Shaul Mofaz and Peace Now’s Yariv Googleheimer Arlene Kushner On Grumblings Against Netanyahu’s New Coalition 11-May-12: Those relentless Hamas rockets don’t stop seeking Israeli victims Deja vu all over again? Video: Hamas Creates Record-Breaking Map (Should Have Tried Hummus) The Middle East Media Sampler 5/11/2012: Obama’s New Favorite Middle East Experts
‘But not for you,’ he said with a smile, ‘there are water molecules there. Trip the light fantastic. Watch me!’ And with that he turned tail and ran towards the rainbow, pulling out his grappling hook. It seemed to Felicity that he was fading, slightly, as he threw the hook onto a cumulus up above, lifted himself up the rope and began to swing in the direction of the now fully-formed, multi-coloured arc. Felicity’s stomach tightened and a whisper of cold wind fluttered over her heart as he got closer. She wanted to cry out, or run towards him, but in honour of his last request she couldn’t bring herself to change her viewpoint. When he reached the rainbow – by now so insubstantial he could barely be seen – he leapt from the rope and yelled, ‘Ya-hoo!’ The sound, however, was softer than the distance would have suggested. Felicity’s hands came to her mouth and she held her breath, watching as – yes? could she believe it? – Petro seemed to rest a little on the sparkling colours. But it was only just in time; he was continuing to fade, now even, if it were possible, beginning to stretch along the arc’s length. His elongating body took on the colours of the rainbow until it finally disappeared from sight; his broad, ecstatic smile was the last to go. Felicity stared at the rainbow, and the freely swaying rope that dangled down from the abandoned grappling hook, and still could not breathe. She fell to her knees, but didn’t break her unblinking eyes away from the rainbow, which somehow seemed empty, desolate.
We enjoy this gorgeously-hued cocktail on Thanksgiving, and again on Christmas. Strain it into a nice bottle, and it makes a wonderful gift as well. Be sure to attach the martini recipe.
Catherine Keener (Your Friends and Neighbors)
Shobu Kapoor – Scared Woman
I did not know if I had gotten that split moment when Maya came out…so happy editing photos.
The early 1960s are considered by many to be the Golden Age of television advertising. One of the most memorable – and probably successful – campaigns was for Avis Car Rental. Statistics revealed that Avis consistently ranked second to industry leader Hertz; the company clearly needed a creative way to communicate its standing as the number two car rental player.
I always feel lucky when someone shares a recipe with me. Sharing a favorite family recipe is opening a window to their table, to their world and an opportunity for me to discover something new.
In event of a people’s revolt, UMNO would again be worse off than before – its image irreparably damaged and the flow of MPs will instead reverse to the Pakatan.
i'm here. i'm here. i just visited my backyard for the first time in what seems like eons. i'm here.
By the way, I've already made my Twitter account (@stella_meimei) public, so feel free to follow me and say hi whenever you can!
People can easily see the clear disconnect between the raw, uncoordinated information coming in live and the managed spin of the MSM. If they thought that they still have hope of reaching the conservative rural folks, think again. Their children living in the cities and have access to Facebook etc will bring the news back home. Yet, the MSM and their political masters continue to treat the rakyat like idiots to led around by the nose like cows.
Anyway, it’s 10:04pm, and I am overdue for bed.
The curtain-less windows let all of the light in, an admirable attempt in the winter, and flood this spectacular space with natural beauty. The light wood floors provide a beautiful, warm quality to contrast the coolness of the dominant whiteness.
A surreal thought did occur to me for a thriller novella, and one that would be interesting for me to write, and these are the scribbles from my notebook which act as a synopsis –
when forced by circumstances
This continues where "Oh, Play That Thing" left off, with Henry Smart rescued by John Ford in the desert. Henry turns adviser for Ford, as he's determined to make an Irish film celebrating the technicolor version of the brawling and romancing old country. Henry, despite his reservations, spends the period around the late Forties, paralleling his own lifespan, fighting against and giving in to Ford. Despite contrived and melodramatic touches--common here as with previous volumes in "The Last Roundup" trilogy--Doyle offers deft insights, via Ford's direction, into how reality transforms into two hours of efficient storytelling on screen.
Floats are commissioned by Mardi Gras krewes. A krewe (pronounced "crew") is the organization that produces a parade and ball for the Carnival season. Historically, only the privileged were allowed to join a krewe. With a desire to serve the general populace, the Krewes of Endymion and Bacchus marked the dawn of a new era by dropping the requirement to be part of the New Orleans social elite. Blaine Kern rose to the occasion when Owen "Pip" Brennan, Jr., Captain of the Bacchus Krewe, told him: "We want the biggest. We want the best."
find your desire
Whatever the preference, the desired contact representative should be named in this section of the agreement. This to precludes uncontrolled communication between the parties. If the agreement is between parties who speaks different languages, they will need to state in the agreement the language to be used for communication.
Just don’t forget to stay safe and do not give your information and your money to any one you don’t feel comfortable!!!! You are the only person making your own final decision and you are fully responsible for any losts, damages, lost payments, lost statments, proves, etc…
From this Fountain
that people laughed at me, it was that they came as an audience at
Malas embody everything that Satya Jewelry is all about – beauty, meaning, and inspiration. Beyond being a beautiful tassel necklace composed of 108 beads, each mala is a powerful tool for prayer and meditation. Each bead represents an opportunity to focus on an inspiring and powerful mantra.
FUCK. Back to this later. The building fire alarm just went off....gotta go evacuate.
Sorry, I'm rambling on and on but I've had all this stress for the last two days and my main way to process is by writing my thoughts down. So I've been going a little nuts feeling so disconnected.
words only,
It’s quite common for the virginal conception and the resurrection to get lumped together. Well, they’re miracles, innit. And they nicely bookend the gospel narrative, to boot.
Rain poured outside while our bus driver perilously navigated the slick streets; meanwhile the two men continued to talk across the aisle with each other, until one, who introduced himself as "James", decided he would just sit beside his new companion, who said his name was "Jack".
One of the things I still struggle with as a baker/blogger is photography. Photoshop is my friend. When my 5 year old camera takes bad photos, or when the light is off, or things look shady, I like to know that I can plug my pictures into Photoshop to make them just right!
So we have some friends who are vegetarians and great cooks. They shared this bouillon with us and it works pretty well. When simmering the dried chiles on the stove, I put a small teaspoon full this base into 2 cups of water. It helps flavor the chile water (which you'll use later on to thin out the sauce). It's a little salty so get to know it before you use it in place of regular chicken broth. If you want to go the veg route, I do suggest this.
During my morning exercise time, it came to mind to read the Proverb of the day. It was the 8th, so I read Proverbs 8. Even the title of the Proverb jumped out at me in confirmation ("Wisdom's Call") - and then as it proceeded to talk about the value of knowledge and pursuing wisdom above riches. And, further - about sharing this wisdom and knowledge with others. Those things were a blessing to me as I knew how compatible they were with what we'd been praying about.
3.American Indians, he is obsessed whit movies about indians and cowboys, that’s because, when he was little he could only go to the cinema to see movies and by that time the movies he liked were the ones of cowboys and indians. Now he has his own TV and still tries to see them 24/7.
Char Gen Guidelines/Setting:
They were an aunt and uncle who were born in the 1920s. They grew up in deep poverty during the great depression. According to legend, their families were often to be found out on the streets of NYC with their meager belongings, having been thrown out of their tenement apartments. Then they would rent other apartments and be out on the street again in 60 days, having, once again, not been able to pay the rent.
My mission was to not spend any money in the store at the Retreat and use all the product new and old that I already had in my stash, for that reason I took heaps of stuff with me. I succeeded (mostly) I was only tempted by $0.50 American Craft pens and bought 8 of those for a total shop spend of $4 plus a few cans of coke etc for $6, so only $10 out of pocket. I was happy with that.
is if you have a contingency plan for when all hell breaks loose.
Marvin Gaye – “Let’s Get it On” (Tamla)
If you don't have an iPhone? You're covered! My Philly Beer Week allows you to scan the whole calendar of events, pick out what you want, and either print a list, print a Google map with all your events, or download it to Outlook or iCal on your mobile device of choice. Again, you can search the list by a variety of parameters to find what you're looking for.
Ted...Edward Albert
seeing the world, experiencing new stuff excites me;
ultimate climax within each movement. In turn, these
Egg White...
Local produce is better for you.
Back on the subject of writing...and reading.
Oh, and did I mention these are delicious? No?? Well, they are!
Absolutely ALL your information, names, private details etc. will be kept ABSOLUTELY private, so please be honest and open. We'll send you the voucher by email in reply to your answers.
Rather than mailing, I’ve been using applications like Kakao and LINE to communicate. For LINE emoticons, the bear and rabbit are cute so I recommend them♪
Vanessa's younger sister, Christina adds, "I am so grateful, every day, that I get to be part of this with two of my favorite people in the world. Stationery makes sense for us — it's all about reaching out in a meaningful way to the people in each of our lives, creating true communication and strengthening relationships no matter if the circumstance is a joyous event or a tough bit of news."
Make you sick and a bit icky
The production on the EP is not the most complimentary to the sound, the power of the drums has been distilled to being just there and no more whilst there is also an overall mugginess which blurs the naturally thick texture of the music, but nothing a better production cannot remedy. The fact is Pareidolia is a great release, a very strong debut, and Demon Lung a definite emerging force.
Now, with a little added gourmet chocolate, I'm sure to be her favorite this year!!
Finally, as Aherne was playing a wordy, difficult part in a dismal failure of a play, Eames became extremely ill. She had an operation, and the night after it took place Aherne slogged through a nightmarish performance in front of a tiny audience. When the curtain finally came down, a car was sent and Brian was driven, through a driving rainstorm, to Clare's bedside. They told him she needed sleep, but the rain had turned into a deafening thunderstorm, and Clare died as he held her hand.
I love this time of year. It's officially fall and the leaves are starting to change, and the markets are brimming with the last of summer's bounty and the best of fall favourites. This past weekend I headed to our local farmer's market to pick up some fresh produce while it lasts. It's a long, cold winter here, friends. Every year I love to take advantage of the fresh local fruits and veggies by preserving and putting up items for the chilly days ahead.
My work space is scattered across a couple of rooms! and a total disaster! I use one main craft table for cutting and assembling and no matter how hard I try, it is always a complex, jumbled mess of paper scraps, tools, embellishments, adhesives, etc. I can clean it up and start out with a good couple of square feet of clear space and by the time I'm a few minutes into creating, there's not even the space of a postage stamp left clear!
I know what I should do, I pray that God would give me the wisdom to see those around me and the heart of Christ to devote my time to helping them.
Ready to see?
And the harp sounded great in there.
the bow and tightens the laces.) I
My lovely sister visited me a couple of weekends ago, and while she was here we decided to make shortcake! She'd made it before, but I'd never even eaten a real shortcake before. I find that most of the time you see it in a restaurant, grocery store or bakery, it's actually angel food cake served with strawberries. Very different!
Was a busy day, but not really doing much if that makes sense. Drive the the airport was long and boring, there was rain in Melbourne, which meant everyone had suddenly forgotten how to drive. Who knows why, its not like it doesn't rain in Melbourne all the freaking time.
For me, the very best part of being a writer is searching for ideas for new stories. Whether by reading folk tales, delving into historical events, or brainstorming with my children, I love that light bulb moment that comes when I know I’ve found the seedling for a new story.
Personal Chef living in Cincinnati A personal chef since 2005 and loving it. I work part time as a personal chef and the other half working as a teacher at Great Oaks teaching adult education and personal enhancement techniques in culinary arts. I am definitely a family dude. Love to spend time with them doing things I love and hate. Speaking of hate roller coaster would fit up there pretty high on the list. My favorite things to do are camping, video games and cooking of course.
tore away the delusion I’d lived as daily life, all that I had
The first question you are going to ask yourself is: what am i buying? What's the difference? Why this one's costs twice that one? Which should i take? Whit this mini-guide we are going to understand the different features that distinguish the various cards.
I'm starting to think Howl-o-ween might be my new favorite holiday. Well I don't know about favorite, but it's just as fun as Christmas and Birthday time! I mean what other day do you get to keep the front door open and wait for kids to come and visit you? I couldn't wait for last night to come.
“Neato!” I exclaimed. I recalled Sensei Frank shouting something about shin pads on Thursday, so I decided to put them on. I greedily tore the bag open, cut my finger on a shoddy staple.
My eyes sidled over to the BeBoodle sitting quietly in the dimly lit corner of Marlene’s kitchen. I swear to you the damned thing was smiling at my discomfort. Marlene’s only child, Junior, was a bruiser and I didn’t like him much; but, Marlene was my friend, and I often kept my mouth shut or my comments non-lethal when it came to the apple of her eye, so instead, I said, “He’s a big boy. He’ll be okay.”
With this I'll close. The kids have been listening to "My Turn on Earth" and having bad days reminds me of this SONG. It's called Opposition, my friend! You have to have the bad days to appreciate the good ones! And it really is SO true! And, for the most part, we really do have way more good than bad. Jack and Tyla are mostly good. We are just starting on our journey with Joe. It's gonna be a long one too. But I know we'll make it like we did with the others. This is our life. It's different than most. But it's ours!!
gatherings across the land, to form a powerful network of new earth consciousness….something very unique is spreading
Our town is having a city wide rummage this weekend
Seeing as this blog hasn’t taken off just yet, it’s mostly mates reading it, anyway, so I can afford to be indulgent. Don’t worry, I’ll stop once this thing’s getting 50,000 clicks an hour and attracting the attention of publishers - some time next week, I imagine.
When the guests arrive, relax and enjoy your party! Make sure someone's around with a camera so you'll have photos of the party. Try to follow your schedule, but don't stress if problems arise. Remember, parties are intended for having fun!
And secondly – although the Once Upon A Time writers work very hard to make those flashbacks illuminating and dramatic – there’s always the possibility that extended flashbacks are just a lazy way of conveying character traits, flaws and strengths that the writer should actually be showing us in the present. What’s stronger: flashing back to show us the hero lost a sibling in childhood, or seeing him here and now, still unable to enter a hospital because he’s so weighed down by bad memories? To my mind, the present always trumps the past. It feels more real, more immediate, the stakes are higher and the outcome of each scene less certain.
will always have a special place inside my heart,
In my last post you’ll recall my lamenting of this year’s Thanksgiving destination, Dallas, as one of the virtual wastelands of good beer. I’m happy to report that things turned out much better than I anticipated.
The line between piracy and toll is a grey one; most histories would say that she passed it. Over time, she gradually expanded her operations up and down the west coast of Ireland, and onto land as well, attacking castles of nearby clans, in order to add to her holdings. Over time, she became very wealthy and powerful, and a focal point for resistance to the gradually increasing attention of the English lords, who were trying to assert their authority.
Hello anyone out there! Hope you are all well. Some of my favourite blogger friends have left this scene as have I...mostly. Long time no blog. I swam and sang all winter. The seasons go round & round. The world has come alive and we are enjoying an unusual 29C sunny day!
Not the clownish dictator, Hugo Chavez, is trying to repeal the laws of economics. How’s that working out for him?
4/10
Of all mornings, our company had a meeting, and I smelled of raid. No one noticed, or pretended not to notice. This could explain why most of the employees used their office phone to hear our president, rather than joining us in the board room.
We learn that the alien behind the planned invasion are called the Nestene Consciousness, and that they have been colonising other planets for 1000 million years. Sadly the brilliant atmosphere is ruined in the dying moments of the last episode by an awfully realised final-boss-like creature. I'd really been enjoying this one right up until the end and I don't think I could have put it better that Katie did, "Shame about the rubbish octopus."
Then, something overcame me. I threw my inhibitions to the wind and joined in the splashy, summery fun. The gals moved over and seemed to rather enjoy using my belly as a dock for their sailboats.
Summary of Position:
We recommend that you use the following guidelines when producing your video. Of course, better ideas always prevail and if you have a better idea or breaking news you want to cover, or an important guest that you can interview, by all means, go all out and impress us.
25And Joshua said to them, Have no fear and do not be troubled; be strong and take heart: for so will the Lord do to all against whom you make war.
Height: 32 inches (37.86%)
The jury heard police seized Ahmed’s laptop computer and found indecent images of girls aged 12 to14.
The atrium at Queens Borough Hall has been put "on hold" until an arborist report on the existing trees can be completed according to the Queens Borough President's office.
Cyclone Anaya’s Mexican Kitchen
Q. I contacted the receivers and they say the property is not for sale.
Judgment: What was the point of the movie, to advocate atheism?
Ink:Memento,Versafine
“Collective government” is a very important phrase to comprehend.
--New York Methodist Hospital
5.Curling Oppression
Let’s close the mind game. I have demonstrated the reason all these bureaucracies need to be closed. The same idea can be applied to department of energy, education, health, TSA, and any of the myriad groups of unelected individuals who have been given permission to tell us how to run our lives under the protection of unaccountability and exemption from their own rules.
After dinner we love to hit up the bowling ally for a couple of games before we call it a night.
The vote was 68-23, with all but one Republican for it.
Needless to say, there is a charge for the course.
Lets go way way back and talk about Easter. All I can say is that I drank and ate enough beer and food to feed half of the Pacific Islands for a week. Its pretty much what our long weekend was based around. We kicked it off Friday night with a few close friends up at our place. For some reason at 6:15PM we decided to have shots. The night was messy. We drank a couple bottles of spirits between three or four of us and for no other reason than we just did. God I felt it the next day though. Domi woke pretty early but I couldn't even get out of bed. I rested my weary head for another few hours and then felt pretty good for some strange reason. We cleaned up the house and then spent the rest of the day on the couch watching NCIS on DVD. Easter Sunday we drove down to see my family at our family farm where my mother had waffles and a lavish breakfast waiting for us. We wolfed them down and then a short while later we had lunch. Lunch consisted of meat. All sorts of marinated chicken and some steaks. We wolfed that down to. After those light meals we then wolfed down cake and chocolate. I felt sick to say the least.
nor in inner feelings of emptiness.
Water for Elephants is a retrospective look at the life of Jacob Jancowski. It follows Jacob’s life from early adulthood, where he ends up working for the Benzini Brothers’ travelling circus as the resident veterinarian, tied in with moments of his present lonely life. Water for Elephants was easily the best book I have read this year & is definitely one that I will read again! (A rare thing for me!) I was swept away – caught up in Jacob’s story & the beautiful imagery that this book presents. My only disappointment was that the book ended, though I guess that had to happen eventually, right?
Actually, there's no "St. James Street" in Brooklyn Heights, let alone Brooklyn, but there is a "St. James Place" in Clinton Hill.
Next, he wanted to play with the Panda Bear Dress-Up set:
Are you like me, shoe boxes full of 6x6, 4x6, 3x4, etc of patterned papers? My goal this year is to use up a lot of the older patterned paper. I chose the Tulip Trio from Squigglefly to have some fun with my extra papers on hand. I did a reverse print for the 2nd image set, used some large paper ric rac (made for me by friend Pammie with MAKE THE CUT), added some black bling and coordinated the greens and oranges for some POW on these 6x6 cards!
I’m really fabulous at starting things and quite the reverse when it comes to finishing something. Fantastic ideas always come to me, and I never see them through. So right now, I want to take a quick look at what made this project different. What made me see it through to the point where it’s actually out in the world and depending on other people to carry it further.
Feel free to leave feedback and suggestions.
My son has a busy social life; I always joke that it is much better than mine which may actually be completely accurate (and not entirely a bad thing for him). But this means that he's often got more interesting things to do then spend time with me, or is not available to talk. This really, really is fine and perfectly normal, I so want him to be getting on with things and enjoying himself, I don't want to stand in the way of that. I still can't help being a little upset by it sometimes. I guess this is a purely selfish reaction on my part but nevertheless it's something else I try not to think about.
I keep a small cutting mat on my sewing machine table, a small design wall at my left hand, and a small ironing surface that I can use by swiveling my chair. So I can work for quite a while without having to get up.
Sleep time :13:00 and 20:30
First of all, this was the slowest movie I have ever seen. Nothing happens. Clooney spends half the movie driving up and down the hill to the village where he is staying, and the other half building a gun. There is little dialogue. It was BORING! Sure, he built a nice weapon, but he's a terrible spy. Terrible. Someone is after him and he seems oblivious as to who is calling the shots and giving info about his whereabouts to the bad guys.
Comfy, laid back garment floor coverings flatter of this carrier.
Given the modern-day Leftist's love of government provision of services, it would seem that Mussolini should be their hero in that respect. He actually did what they advocate and did it around 70 years ago.
1 mandrake
We have these kits from Moroso available for a variety of cars, including the Subaru WRX/STi, Mitsubishi Evo, Mazda Miata, and more. Contact us at z1sales@z1auto.com for details
Yoshi Draft & GoYoshi Draft And Go
Things open for you…
/opt/VRTS/man
In my last post, I gave you the back story of how I wound up taking a Guardian Master Class on novel writing. If you haven't read it yet, you should, or you won't get any of my jokes in this post. (You still might not get the jokes, but it won't be your fault.)
So, in short, Spiegelmann is sending you to other maps to do quests. You just teleport there through the pictures.
So, have you been to IKEA? Dreaming but never been? What’s your favorite purchase? Anyone have the closet units I’m drooling over?
Thus Ebook publishing, with self-publishing, indie, vanity publishing, whatever you want to call it was born. And it is exploding. Because there are now blogs, forums and web sites which actually recommend books to people. Books no one would have ever knew existed before. And these blogs and Facebook groups, and Lord only knows who else, do NOT look at who published they look to see if people actually read and liked the book to give their recommendations.
Kimmy Noonen: SOME KIND OF EVIDENCE
Make sure you store dried goods in an air-tight container. I usually just use old jars.
I will keep you all posted!
“Looks like about twenty,” Tanner began, “but it might just be the first wave.”
Okay, maybe he didn't get that far in his reasoning, but there was definitely panic and "what do you mean you don't think it can be solved???" Because in his world, when there are problems in a marriage you solve them and being irritated with one's spouse is obviously a problem.
I have made two cards because after looking at the pictures I really don't like the first one I made! For my first card I have used Bunny Love which is a freebie from Meljen's.
Last night, at the Radiohead show at the Frank Erwin Center, there was a guy in the "floor" section of the arena who decided that the best idea for experiencing they show was to, you know, lie on the nasty horrible uncomfortable ground while gently playing the "drums" on his substantial belly. He did this for about four of five songs and only changed his position (and eventually got up) after people started staring at him as they walked by and one guy checked on him to make sure he wasn't dead.
THIS HAZARDOUS WEATHER OUTLOOK IS FOR EAST CENTRAL INDIANA…SOUTHEAST INDIANA…NORTHEAST KENTUCKY…NORTHERN KENTUCKY…CENTRAL OHIO…MIAMI VALLEY OF OHIO…SOUTH CENTRAL OHIO AND SOUTHWEST OHIO.
I consider myself very lucky to live with two exceptional athletes who happen to be brothers. They exhibit near-perfect biomechanics and naturally excel at every sport they attempt. In addition to all of this, they both have the metabolism of a 5-year-old (which I secretly hate them for!) and burn off calories like walking furnaces. In the 4 years that I have known them, I have never seen either one over about 8% body fat. The only down-side to these biological wonders is that they don’t put on weight easily and have to consume an enormous amount of calories to maintain their size.
'Hidden' demonstrates natural talent and sensibility, but there's something more at work. While those outside the bubble will try to pinpoint or uncover the band's appeal and what makes them tick, somewhere between the many layers of sounds and rhythm, between the audience and the players, lies a connection that can't really be explained. Jungle By Night know better than to shine too bright a light on it.
Through the force of our will
"For reporting the harassment complaint, press 5
For he is the minister of God to thee for good. But if thou do that which is evil, be afraid; for he beareth not the sword in vain: for he is the minister of God, a revenger to execute wrath upon him that doeth evil.
As much as I loved it and was initially happy to let the primroses spread, I didn't expect them to be a bully. It was like a pretty 8th grader turning into a high school mean girl. They took everything in sight - trying to choke out perennials and even a rose bush.
Everything begins at exactly the right moment, neither earlier nor later. When we are ready for it, for that something new in our life, it is there, ready to begin.
(Thornbury, 2001)
American craft brewing was getting bigger and better, and in one of the inspiring turnabouts in world cultural history, American brewers began inspiring the Old World to rethink and embellish its traditional brewing ideas, resulting in a new generation of incredible imports to hit American shelves.
I held my sweet little W in my arms a little tighter. Thought about how I could get more time. I looked around the room and thought about how I could stay here. Sleep here. Stay with my boys.
4. Smaller eddies spin off the warm anticyclones. These rotate in the opposite direction, and are called cyclones.
I believe the angel told Mary about Elizabeth to build her faith! A barren woman was now prego!
The first thing to wonder about is the charge. Not abduction or rape, but “sexual imposition”. What exactly does that mean? The manager of the safari camp thought it meant having sex with someone in an unusual position, but his intuitions in such matters are not to be trusted. If it refers to the cajoling and posturing that occurs prior to sexual activity, I don’t see why it’s a crime at all. Such behaviour is surely an integral part of courtship for humans, as it is for gorillas. My females and I are constantly at it – I impose myself on them, they impose themselves on me, and whoever seizes the high ground dictates the terms of surrender. Without this preliminary sparring, mating would be a namby-pamby affair lacking vigour or excitement.
Towards the end of last year, I still noticed that the headphones were still getting tangled and we were still having the issue of more children then books. I got this idea then to ask for six individual CD players from DonorsChoose. I was shocked when this project was funded almost immediately! Problem number 3 solved.
Two were quick to don their wings, I noticed that one was a bit slower, turned to me and whispered, I've not been an angel for very long, this is my first Christmas, bbbrrrr...
She’s the coolest woman that I’ve ever seen
I am in desperate need of a new eye color palette that I can wear everyday. My NARS set I have from 2 years ago is just about toast. I tend to purchase seasonal sets because I think they are a better value. I just came across Laura Mercier's new spring palette and I am thinking this is going to be the one for 2012...
Of course, this cake in my opinion in whimsical. The only request my friend had was "Lots of Colour," and beyond that, she said go to town. This design is a very classic design. It is known as a "Flower Box" Cake. It is a "Hat Box" cake with flowers spilling over the sides and the lid slightly a-kilter. I made sugar flowers for three days! Orchids, roses, hydrangeas, cherry blossoms, calla-lilies, and ivy leaves.
Be sure to visit Galen at G-Man, Mr. Know It All, if you have written a Friday Flash 55 story that you would like to share. Have a scrumptious weekend. Be frivilous. Donnetta
“And there were shepherds living out in the fields nearby, keeping watch over their flocks at night. An angel of Lord appeared to them, and the glory of the Lord shone around them, and they were terrified. But the angel said to them, ‘Do not be afraid. I bring you good news of great joy that will be for all the people. Today in the town of David a Savior has been born to you; he is Christ the Lord.’”
Emeric J. Harvey, 56, Montclair, N.J.
How I get there is up to the universe and I trust that it will unfold in the most perfect way.
“Over time, you learn how to head off problems, and, when you can’t, you arrive at solutions with less fumbling and more assurance……….I’ve come to know most of the _______that could arise, and have worked out solutions. For the others, I’ve gained confidence in my ability to handle a wide range of situations, and to improvise when necessary.”
Having said the above – I also think we all fall down in giving others their due for putting their views publicly on their blogs – all the while knowing the backlash those views, can cause them.
Benjamin had a meteoric rise throughout the departments of the National Broadcaster quickly attaining his executive position and remained a close chum of Saif’s until his recent sudden disappearance. Previously questions regarding Benjamin’s gender preferences surfaced with libellous personal accusations on Face-book. This rumour was possibly triggered when he was sighted buying a red dress a hat and matching red shoes from a small exclusive boutique in Knightsbridge but was later confirmed he was paying for and collecting said items for his sister and the insinuation that he bought them for himself was quashed.
I can see her hands being tied behind her back. I can see the people placing her in a pit they dug for her. They forced her to kneel in the pit and buried half her body while she was still alive. They left her shoulders and head uncovered. They wanted to hit her in the most sensitive parts on her head, to cause her maximum pain because this ‘whore’ had brought disgrace to her community, her family and her husband.
Just enough for him to know that I was . . . displeased.
5. Apply mobile best practices. Understand the devices, the environment and the users. Mobile users trade convenience (and loading time) for the depth of information found on larger screens.
but one day i let my little secret out
- by Jester UK
In the next block, an expensive-looking vehicle (good insurance, surely) took up the chase, barreling toward the trunk of my Buick, & I thought, "Go ahead. Make my day."
And it was about 2:30 in the afternoon.
Don't run out and buy any new organizing supplies until you've sorted through things so that you can better see what you need. You can go buy the pretty organizers later, think of it as your reward for all that hard work!
already has fallen into another substantial contraction. Italy’s leader, Mario Monti, said his country also has dropped into recession with contractions in the third and fourth quarter of 2011 and a likely continuation of the trend this year. There is hardly a reason to mention Portugal or Greece.
4) Flyaway, by Lucy Christopher. A sweet middle grade novel with some faint magical realism. A girl finds a wounded swan while her beloved father is in the hospital. I said in my review: "It is precisely what it promises you. Sometimes I want to be shocked, yes, and sometimes I want twists, and sometimes I want to read about a very unexpected body in a closet. But this book promises that it is a certain sort of book on the first page, and then it gives you exactly that. Soft and sweet."
This week the sun has been cropping up all over the UK and we’re getting more and more excited about the lovely plus size trends on the horizon for the Spring/Summer season. Debenhams has launched a stunning range of summer clothes, fitting perfectly with the big trends of bold block colours, feminine florals and pastels. A UK favourite, Evans retailers recently launched their new shape campaign with the help of four amateur plus size models. The university students look stunning for the spring season. Speaking of Evans, the company has also launched sneak peeks of their new range designed by Clements Ribeiro – it is definitely not your typical plus size collection.
These past few days my heart has longed for my wife, my son, my friends, music, God. I haven't felt this in a while. My mind was pale, it forgot how lucky it was to have a beautiful wife, an amazing son, a group of friends, a God who loves me. Then I spent a few days in the sun, I feel as if my mind turned pink. I'm remembering the joy my family brings, the love of those around me, how inspiring music can be, and that God loves me. Call it seasonal depression, laziness, sin, or whatever you would like. I feel joy that the sun is shining on me again.
In Toronto, the Yinka Dene Alliance will take the Save the Fraser Declaration – which bans oil pipelines and tankers in the territories of more than 100 First Nations – directly to Enbridge’s leadership and the centre of financial power in Toronto, at Enbridge’s annual shareholders meeting. These oil pipelines and tankers threaten the very survival of First Nations peoples with devastating oil spills. That is why the Yinka Dene Alliance are taking this Freedom Train across Canada: to stand up for the freedom to live according to their own cultures, the freedom to govern themselves and their lands, and the freedom of all of us from the catastrophic risks of big oil and their inevitable oil spills.
It started with a "castle" birthday brunch with Bryce's family. We were fortunate to have both of Bryce's brothers in town with their wives to celebrate with us. Baby "Tater" (Taylor) joined us, too. She was Trevin's favorite, I think. He loved her.
“You can talk?” spluttered Pricklewood. “Who the ‘ell are you and why the fuck are you dressed in a gorilla costume?”
When I was very young, we would spend Thanksgiving at my grandparent’s home. I can remember the heavy, unreadable stare of my grandpa during the meal. I didn’t realize it then, but the stare was one of amusement because my eating habits fascinated him. None of the food on my plate could touch, much less mix with any other food (making gravy verboten). I ate one thing at a time until it was finished, then I would turn my plate to the next item and eat that until it was gone. I continued in this way until the plate was empty or I came to something I wouldn’t eat. As our family grew, I was a relieved to add a child’s table in another room and be out of his range of vision.
There is still the wind that I remember
8. What was your biggest achievement(s) of the year?
The Occupy movement in New York has relied on demonstrations and marches around the city since Nov. 15, when police ousted hundreds of protesters from their headquarters in Zuccotti Park near Wall Street, where they had camped since Sept. 17.
The only other thing that I have to say about this book was that at one point, we are introduced to a character by the name of Eddie Delgardo. That won’t mean anything to most people at this point, and for someone who is reading “in order” this way it won’t mean anything at all. But for Stephen King fans, particularly fans of The Dark Tower series, you’ll notice that if you leave the “r” out of Delgardo, you get the name of a pretty important character in that series. I highly doubt that King intended any sort of connection there when he “reused” that name. More than likely he just liked that sound of it. He may not have even been consciously aware of the connection.
Here we are, the tiny bunch of loyal fans who eagerly enjoyed every episode... betrayed like this by NBC.
Uttar Pradesh (East).
Yes, it is his First Amendment Right to be there, just as it is my right to take and publish his photo.
Purchase Tickets at: esri campus
Rating: 6/10 Atkins
This was used in Nazi Germany to everyone not blue eyes and white skinned – They were called children (regardless of their age).
I'm still trying to work on a more meaningful post, but I've had major writer's block.
Dr. Moran and I have worked in our schools to create a sense of learning space which transcends classroom walls both physically and technologically, which helps students learn how to conjure their own learning environments anywhere, which develops creativity as well as skill and a knowledge base through human communication tools both ancient and brand new. We call this idea “The Iridescent Classroom,” a learning environment which glows transparently with contagious creativity and contagious excitement for knowledge, a learning environment which embraces this century’s primary learning and growth model, search, connect, communicate. Search for information and expertise, connect with that knowledge wherever it can be found, communicate what you have learned, what you are learning, and how your thinking
Thou makest not a sound.
1/4 cup low-sodium chicken stock
Received this gorgeous card and images from a buddy yesterday to cheer me up as still not feeling great with my cold (reckon its here for the duration!) and you can see a diecut from my newest die just waiting to go on a card and a envelope underneath it made using my mothers day pressie which was a martha stewart score board but thats it.Looking forward to the easter holidays so i can recharge my batteries from work and craft though i did manage to make a card on sunday ( see earlier post)
Anon.
Of course it doesn't matter a fig to anyone else that I'm blocked. Who cares? I don't make any money from it, so my mortgage isn't in doubt (pity the blocked souls who are in that position) and when I do finish there's little chance it will see the light of day to make the people who live in my head just now come to life.
To wrap it all up today, I am hoping that my youngest son will forgive me for pinning him down this afternoon and squeezing drops into his eyes! I am not looking forward to it at all, but I know it is for his benefit. It was the same unease I had about taking my babies to have their immunisations, but they haven’t held that against me!
The analogy is apt because according to theists we are in a similar position with respect to our own belief-forming faculties. They, after all, believe that these faculties were designed by God, a being who surely knows of his own existence and can reliably program us to believe in his existence. And we, therefore, can be justified in believing in his existence
Finally Fred exited from the shade of the forest and stood in a clearing. He soon had the attention of the populace of the Kingdom of the Count of Computing. In a loud voice for all to hear he said:
Image shows two fill-cards to bounce light back onto the set
of the past need to crumble to cleanse
Sea salt & freshly ground pepper to taste
Three years ago the Belgian government wanted already to limit publication on Social Networks, because the Muslim groups had found a means to get people together for their protest marches. Also the Occupy Movement and Indignados caused a problem that way, and therefore the government is looking for ways to restrict such gatherings by be able in the future to cut down certain websites and social networks.
I work for a company of junior kindergartens, and our office is located in one of the schools. On the kids' birthdays the chef makes a big cake. It's usually chocolate, and there's always a thick layer of icing and sprinkles. Sometimes there is cake left over in the kitchen at the end of the day; I usually track down this cake, creeping into the kitchen late in the afternoon. But lately I've been taking it a step further, finding myself checking the chef's calendar for kids' birthdays, and plotting the best time to find an excuse to go to the kitchen.
The National’s Bryce Dessner has revealed that the band wouldn’t have formed without REM.
There’s twenty types from sixteen years,
The creator of The Adventures of Tintin, George Remi (AKA Herge), once stated he felt Steven Spielberg would be the only man capable of transferring his world famous comic book series onto the big screen. In 2011 his theory has been put to the test as Spielberg presents his vision of the Belgian reporter, with the unmistakeable quiff. With an ensemble of British writing talent; Edgar Wright, Steven Moffat and Joe Cornish have all applied their knowledge of the series to oversee the screenplay, whilst actors Jamie Bell, Daniel Craig, Andy Serkis, Simon Pegg and Nick Frost have been given the task of bringing the characters to life.
Right now, you're reading one of the most relevant, controversial, popular, and opinionated blogs about the world of publishing, and it is an epic fail on your part.
These photos were taken during Easter weekend when my husband and I were visiting relatives in Upstate New York. It was a cold, blustery day. I guess it was the blustery part that lured this kitesurfer and kite onto the water.
Yes i eat a lot when i was younger lol fml and thus my fat face.
Cathie whispered to her son, "Yep, MJ does this all the time. That's why we can't go to Applebee's anymore."
This is our biggest fundraiser of the year and all proceeds are used to purchase and repair instruments, buy music sheets, uniforms and help cover transportation for the band. It gives our youth the opportunities to perform and compete in many community events that are positive experiences for our band.
NOTE: I would highly recommend checking each cherry to make sure that it is in fact pitted before putting it in the shot, as my experience of buying jars of pitted morello cherries is that roughly 1/4 of the cherries in the jar actually still have pits in them. So - if you don't want your cocktail party guests choking on cherry pits I recommend checking by inserting a sharp knife or skewer into the cherry first.
If possible, cook in a non-stick pan. You may need to add a little oil.
Part of the Marianne Bridge in Blanchisseuse get tief! Gypsy want scrap iron industry to be scrapped….I disagree, keep it and regulate…ppl resembling Sandy who don’t bunker diesel deserve to have their business and if the government had returned the confiscated scrap iron at the end of the SoE, maybe so much bridge wouldn’t be disappearing! Do SoE really aint like SoE, eh!
Duuuuude!
And to beware of fleeing from the enemy during the (battle), and it is one of the biggest sins and its committers (the defeated ones) are threatened with crushing punishments:
Of course, the biggest difference is that Bush was a Republican President; and Obama is a Democrat.
Serenity in the image of coffins
I pray for our visit today with my mother and father, and with Rachel and Justin. Most of all, I pray for peace. Stephanie has been struggling a bit this week, possible due to her not feeling well earlier in the week. Please let this day be peaceful.
So, there you have it. Lets see a side by side for effect.
me: how can we make this happen?
he himself told you. He’s in good shape. He receives specialized
My other dog farts too, but as he is a gay homosexual dog, he farts in an appropriate manner. He lets off a little squeaky fart, and then he jumps up with surprise, and sniffs his ass, and looks around as if to say, "Was that me? Do pardon me!" and then he lays back down. The smell is quite bad, and I suspect that he also has worms, but I do not think he has been infiltrated by alien eels just yet. He is a small dog, so maybe that is why. The other dog is large, and the hunting geezer in the movie was a big, fat fuck, so they can obviously support alien eel parasites. If my gay homosexual dog does have an alien eel, it would be a gay homosexual alien eel, and who is going to be afraid of those?
The only downfall to going to the dentist is that we travel 45 minutes to get there. That has to tell you how much we like this dentist. There are dental offices on every other street corner in our neighborhood, but I refuse to switch. I will make the drive every six months to have our oral health maintained without complaints. Although, I will admit it does get a little old driving back and forth if any cavities are found and need to be filled.
72. The Foxes-The Foxes (Self-Released)
2007: Sherbet Bunny (retired the next year)
This weekend we cashed in some babysitting hours with some friends in our building and headed off to the Dragon Hill Spa. Although the name is similar to the hotel on base (Dragon Hill Lodge) the spa is not affiliated with the hotel and is off post. It is a traditional Korean spa. Adam and I had heard good things about the spa and really needed a date night or date morning rather.
For some that is difficult and a stool and tray is placed for their pleasure.
“All”? More all-or-nothing categorical thinking. All just doesn’t apply here. It’s sloppy thinking and a sloppy word choice; and it makes what Miro is trying to say fallacious or false.
Blood oozes
A good friend - very, very dear friend - says it's 'cause I'm SO awesome, he was intimidated by me. Ha. I'll go with that.
It was a good day.
Setting sun wrapped up the day
Please note that all this was set up “all and only for your highest and best right now“. This was purposefully done so that if you are not ready for full instantaneous successful manifesting yet, you will get what you need to help you move in that direction and only that. Creator wants the best for you. You took on beliefs over eons. It is possible to release them all at once – but only if you are ready, willing, and able to. Creator knows what is best for you at this time and place. When you trust that, things will change faster than you can imagine. If this doesn’t change for you in the way you expected, find a trusted ThetaHealer® and find the belief(s) that would not release and why. Those can easily be cleared when you figure out how they are serving you and why you do not want to release them. Those are the beliefs it is important to consciously acknowledge.
i'm excited about it and love to share things i'm excited about!!
I love to have a good German or Czech style pilsner on tap at home. Pilsner in general is one of the styles I've brewed most frequently since I started homebrewing. Being able to brew your own is great because it is harder than it should be to find good commercial examples of the style that are well made, fresh, and in good shape. Lagunitas Pils and Victory Prima Pils are two American brewed interpretations of the styles that I enjoy.
Survival implies existing in spite of danger or hardship. Life is the contentment of your present circumstances; flow.
The Lana is the most fashionable business card holder you’ll ever find! You will network in style with this accessory. Don’t carry business cards? No worries! The Lana is perfect for carrying your ID, credit cards or all those reward cards that crowd your wallet.
Four different beers, four different styles.
The above picture is a (very random) image of some reproduction 18th century playing cards that I got for my husband a few Christmases ago......now Miss Baby loves to play with them, and they are ever so glad to finally be put to good playing use! I particularly love the muted brown and sepia tones of the illustrations...as well as the deep crimson touches, here and there...and the bugs and beetles and daintily-clad persons.
With a girl name picked out and two boy names in competition, I had a strong hunch that the baby would be a boy. I would sit on the couch and point to my belly and say to Mike "You think there is an Emmett in here?" and smile. Mike was always unwilling to commit, and would just smile back and say "Maybe!" One day he admitted to me that he was waiting for a sign regarding what boy name to use. I laughed a little bit but thought we'd wait and see what happened.
The Bible is the Word of God; His revelation of Himself to man so that man can understand himself and his role in relation to his Creator. There are many men behind the pulpits of todays churches who quite frankly are false teachers, whether by intention, or ignorance, is not for me to judge, but the results are the same. Whenever and wherever people teach that God is love, and fail to teach that He is holy, just, and hates sin they are NOT teaching the truth as the Bible reveals it.
Didn’t know you didn’t mean it at all.
as one old tree calls it a day, here we are creating new things
My Christmas started on Christmas Eve where I do my normal tradition of going round to Kates mums for dinner. This year was to be different though as normally I would go home alone for Christmas Day, but this year Kates, and her dad and brother, were going to come back with me to spend the day round mine, me being the genial host and everything. Check me out, I’m well adult now.
God Almighty, what is wrong with these people?
The actual pesticide in question is thiamethoxam, a systemic insecticide. This pesticide is not currently in any of the grub controls but in earlier studies in France, imadicloprid was suspected as a cause of colony collapse disorder (CCD).
My students really grasp fractions and decimals, but when it comes to factions and decimals in word problems...forget it! Especially if it is multiple steps! So I spent an entire lesson and small group review how we solve word problems and how to solve fraction word problems.
“DRB-HICOM has always maintained that we cannot afford to appoint just about anybody, especially those not from the auto industry. We’d want the new Proton CEO to really know the product. And who would know cars better than a car?” said Khamil at the Press conference, as the Inspira, serial number 3765-210-0444-IQ57 looked on, its red ‘Knight Rider’-inspired sensor light swooshing calmly on its grille.
Denying rape doesn’t make it go away. Now I know this… I didn’t use to believe it or maybe, it’s just that, I never used to think about it. I mean, I knew there was such a thing as rape but, I never gave much thought to it, not until I saw the body. Specifically, it took Uloma’s death to open my eyes to all I would ever know about rape.
Recently there was some discussion among friends about the news that Minoh Beer's Imperial Stout had been cited as “the world's best stout” at a smallish British-based competition known as the World Beer Awards.
Jesse is here to answer any questions you may have! The door to right of built in china cabinet is where we will be going next- the door to far right goes to kitchen, little breakfast area and laundry hall. These rooms have been roped off as they again need much work before they can come out of hiding! I was hoping to have the breakfast nook finished but......
Maria is an Asian-American, born and raised in a suburb of Atlanta, Georgia. She is 21 years old and was born at the beginning of the Bush Sr. administration. Her tone, while exceedingly self-deprecating, is beautifully passionate as she talks about her dreams and anxieties. At times, her self-effacing manner has the potential to undermine her strong and brilliant voice. Maria was raised Sunni Islam and is devout.
In her most recent post Cynthia mentions a free pdf of the latest edition of the Participatory and Learning and Action journal available here.
The slide began with the building industry. At first it was classic economics: oversupply, unsold units, price cuts and then job cuts. The stock market faltered, then began to fall. Questions were raised about the health of the banks, particularly after the sub-prime crisis hit the US. More jobs went, at first domestic and then, as the crisis gathered pace, some of the large multinationals on which we prided ourselves began to “rationalise”, to downsize their Irish operations and to relocate in lower cost locations. Dell, the fulcrum for much of the economy around Limerick, is to move its manufacturing operation to Poland. The knock-on effects on its local suppliers have already begun. Other companies are expected to follow suit or to scale back.
People talk about the first few miles flying by. I always thought “yea, whatever”. Seriously, they FLY by. You are so preoccupied with crowds that you don’t realize how much distance you’re putting in. Before I knew it I was at the Mile 1 Marker. They were giant flags and it was great to see them throughout the course. I think I was around 10:30 which is actually AWESOME for a first mile for me, with crowds.
"Perfect!" she said, as she placed the platypus on the nest.
Hope you had a wonderful weekend. xo.
Mass Effect 3 has no doubt been talked to death in the video game world, mainly because of its controversial endings to what should have been the most epic conclusion of a well constructed science fiction RPG ever made. There’s a lot of feelings running through my mind long after I have finished my own first playthrough of the game last weekend. A lot has to do with the endings and the rest has to do with my emotional responses to the characters and plot. I’m pretty sure this post will be massive and full of spoilers, but I’ll put the appropriate spoiler tags for those who haven’t played or finished the game yet. Although, it’s been hard not to encounter spoilers for this game since the Internet is practically burning with them since its release back in March.
Wed
The nest should be active for at least the next two months, and we hope you’ll join us as we watch the young birds hatch and grow. The parents have raised young here for at least the last four years. As signs of spring began to show, the pair began adding sticks and green pine boughs to the nest, and the male started bringing prey, such as squirrels and pigeons, to offer the female. The pair now has two eggs, laid last Friday and on Monday, and we’re waiting to see if they lay a third. The birds will incubate for 28-35 days from the date the first egg is laid.
XXXXXXXC
BTW-
We are anticipating the big trip to Pennsylvania early Friday morning. Call me crazy but I love the drive.. well kinda..right up until about when it's about 5/6 hours in and I realize we are now only half way after all this time. But then it gets exciting again after another 100 miles..I count down by 100 miles. It's amazing how fast 100 miles can go when you have a movie for the kids to watch, food in every one's belly and a nice conversation with the husband or my nook in hand. It's actually quite nice sometimes. I love love LOVE the first hour of being on the road. the quiet sneaking around in the completely dark, getting everything ready. Everyone in the neighborhood is asleep but us. Mentions of seeing nana and pap-pap to get the kids moving.. we whisper and sneak around; careful not to make a disturbance. and then on the road we go.. Maybe we'll see a headlight here and there but mostly we are alone and the air feels so thick of darkness, the quiet excitement. I don't know, maybe I'm the only crazy one in the family that feels this way, but I love it. I love driving and watching the sun start to peek through, I love the routines we have down to make the long ride easier. I love that we now have a VAN with a dvd player! I know we'll have screaming and fighting and whining, but right now I want to relish in the pleasures of driving for 10-12 hours with 3 kids, 5 and under. I am wondering how it will be for Noah. He is getting older and much more vocal in what he doesn't like. This shall be interesting! Also we have decided to forward face him. now. I keep battling myself on this issue. I really wanted to wait until he was 2, since it is now recommended and such a simple step to keep him safe. but I do think we need to do it for this trip and I'll see how it goes after that. He will be 2 in Feb so it's not too far away.
product is suitable.
Why do melons have big weddings?
The party was now able to put the screws to Darth Sinaes, who I had planned to have run away but I hesitated so he could gloat and get an attack in. Bad move, because they were all over him. After some fierce melee and force use, Darth Sinaes set off explosions in the hull of the station that immediately started explosive decompression and loss of life support. Even though Andy’s Mandalorian soldier had Mando armor with life support, the party on a whole only got a couple more licks in on the beat-up Sith Lord before they had to make it for the ship (in cinematic fashion barely escaping).
Sellers
And are her adoptive parents really responsible for kidnapping her?
In recent years, cloud computing has become the buzz word when talking about the future of traditional organisational server technologies. The actual term itself is a vague mash of several concepts but has found a solid footing in strategic IT thinking and planning for new application and service deployments. From this footing, market trends are starting to show a growing uptake which likely means that it will become an increasing proportion of service portfolios for organisations world-wide.
So, thinking maybe he was confused, I showed him mine. Then explained that he'd have no trouble drinking on any post or base he might be assigned to. . . AND that if he didn't like the law, he'd have to first REGISTER TO VOTE before his voice really would be heard.
This one.
I'm not sure exactly when journalism went down the tubes, but there are really no news sources available anymore that provide just information and let the viewer sort it out. Ironically, the closest we have is Rachel Maddow, whose reporting does tend to lean left, but who is always inviting those who disagree with her onto her show to sort things out -- and they almost always refuse, because they know that if they're wrong, Maddow will demonstrate that they're wrong using facts instead of appeals to the reptilian brain.
This maxi dress features a polka dotted, black gathered top with a flowered and butterflied skirt. L added red Lasonia shoes and then surprisingly asked me to (and I quote) “put the bows in my hair, so that I look way cute!”
5:35 Arrived home to a sleeping baby in her swing- it was so hard not to wake her up and cover her with kisses.
That’s not to say that I don’t get my share of comments here either:
There’s a bug on the floor! Quick, make space around.
we were sitting atop a fence rail, watching a CALF BRANDING that day.
The deal between the shipyard based in Nanjing, Jiangsu province, and Australian mining magnate Clive Palmer to build Titanic II is music to the ears of China's shipbuilding industry, which is currently bogged in its lowest earnings slump in three years.
Nonetheless, they didn’t. It was a defensive, counter-attacking display where City showed a distinct lack of imagination and failed to muster a single shot on target. This, in part, was down to the loss of their two best midfielders in David Silva (who missed out through injury) and Yaya Toure (who limped off early on), but even they probably would have failed to make a difference as they both have suffered a massive dip in form of late. This left them with the stagnant Gareth Barry and James Milner in midfield who created a little and struggled to keep up with the Arsenal midfield of Arteta, Song and Rosicky. And after spurning some great chances, the Gunners managed to get a deserved win following a great strike from Mikel Arteta and his ‘little feet’.
You’re probably wondering how Jordan became my first kiss after all of this unnecessary drama that I brought upon myself. Well, it all started at the end of Jordan’s senior year. It was May and graduation was right around the corner. I saw him in the hallway at school. Instead of running off into another direction and hiding, like I was accustomed to doing whenever I saw Jordan, I decided to be a grown-up and say hello.
And hugged her in the hall,
5. "These are not the hammer."
Over the weekend I stopped by Anthropologie to return a few things. While I was there I tried on a ton of cute new things since I was sans kiddos (thank you hubs for giving me the night off)! I was pleasantly surprised by how many things I liked this time around compared to my last visit. I'll work on getting those reviews up for you hopefully in the next few days. For now though, here are a few of my new favorites:
But there was a problem…for months on end…I didn’t seem to see where He was. I didn’t understand the silence. The battle ranged and like Job…I challenged Him as if He was my equal. The battle became evermore fierce…and my will to fight slowly began to slip away. GOD, WHERE ARE YOU? My soul cried out to Him. He didn’t answer. He didn’t sent a word in season. It became dry and parchy. The pain was unbearable.
Wow. I’m sure Android is winning by some metric in the tablet…iPad market.
1 c. packed brown sugar
I started writing this is a lark, a piece of amusement for myself and friends. Something to write after a several month long lapse of creative output. I throughly enjoyed writing it and as i showed it around to a few people i realised that people throughly enjoyed reading it (even those that were somewhat disturbed by it). So, I figured, why not throw some effort of promotion behind it? If it sinks unnoticed beneath the surface of the internet so be it, but at least I will of tried.
And what day is that? August 18th boys and girls. Here be the lineup for Rolling Down the Russian River.
As we provide to Israel the means to deliver annihilation.
2 piracy
Yesterday I planted three 2'x4' beds of garlic (about 84 cloves) and one bed the same size of shallots. I mulched them thickly with some straw after planting. I will remove the straw in the spring when it's time for them to grow above ground.
So my thyroid does have a nodule and some weird looking tissue, so I have to go see my ENT. Boooo! Seriously, thank God we don't have any caps or limits on our health insurance because we have had way too many appointments lately. Tom has the sleep study tomorrow night. At least I got to have my doctor write E's prescription for this month while I was there, so that saves me a trip next week. (It's a controlled substance so it can't be called in nor renewed.) (You know, to prevent ADDICTS from getting their hands on it, hardy har har!)
sadly they have stopped doing the Sr. one.
Lil Wayne - 29
Back in 2006, the Sun was tipped off that the killer of headteacher Philip (see comments for the cock-up previously here) Lawrence, Learco Chindamo, was being allowed out for a day unsupervised from his open prison, part of the usual program of preparing prisoners for their eventual release, of which Lawrence's widow had been informed, if not told of the exact nature of his day out. Their article, headed "OUTRAGE", was under the by-line of John Kay, the Sun journalist convicted of killing his wifein a failed murder-suicide pact. Despite describing him as "not having a care in the world" and "swaggering" he was in fact pursued at length by the paper's team, even though they got the shots which would be used as he had first emerged from Ford open prison.
Allister: I cannot remember
*** Link your project up to Mr. Linky, then leave a comment!
Emma Switzer is traveling from Apple Grove, Kansas, to Troyer, Kansas, to help an elderly aunt. But enroute, her family’s wagon is robbed of everything, leaving them stranded and alone in the middle of no where. They manage to walk to a town that has not much more than a saloon, but who can they find to help them?
And I’ll stay with you
Bright Starts, Mom to Bed by 8 and Iowa-Mom is excited to present the Baby Shower Event from May 7th to May 28th. This is a free blogger event and accepting signups now.
But seriously, it's getting bad. SO - what should I do? Stop buying? Perhaps I should. Maybe I should do more outfit posts instead?
The significance of what’s going on in Spain is a case in point. The Spanish Civil War in 1935-6 was a portent of what we could expect from the Nazis after 1939. Once more, 76 years later, the country represents a pivotal stage in the world’s drift into mute acceptance of the will of a tiny group of diseased minds.
Now if this dude wants to create a puffy-breathy thing that gets you instantly sober, I think he’d have a bajillion dollar invention on his hands. As it is, this thing just makes absolutely no sense to me.
Do children tell others if they are cyberbullied?
Well, it's 2011 for another 6 hours or so. I got back from Chicago about 3 hours ago and now, I'm spending a quite New Year's Eve at home. Not the way I would have like to have spent New Year's Eve but after all the travel I've been doing the last week or so, I think I need a quiet night in!
...I love staying focused on all of what is working.
Of course, as an Orthodox Christian, even when looking into the eyes of those who happily helped and backed their oligarchs into bringing rivers of blood to us, I am saddened at the rivers of blood that will soon flow in those ignorant and soulless masses in America.
We’ve traveled through some pretty magical places but there’s always been something a little different about Bowling Green, KY, that I’ve never been able to quite define. Even though it's a smallish town of less than a 100,000 people I suspect it is home to more dog lovers per capita than anywhere else we’ve been.
Runner Up : ATJ - 1001 Beers to try before you Die - Awesome reference book.
1 stick (8 tablespoons/115g) unsalted, room temperature butter
Like Socrates and Jesus, Pascal does not leave us at rest . . .
“This offering represents a truly unique opportunity for a buyer who appreciates the scarcity of this caliber of real estate,” the listing said.
“Where’s your dog?” she exclaimed! “Shouldn’t you be walking your dog now?”
● Contact: 480-321-9745 or 480-686-2125 visionn2action@yahoo.com
It hurts jobs and the economy. Obamacare may be the cause of a slowed private-sector recovery. After it was signed into law, job growth in the private sector stalled. Also, Obamacare contains 17 new taxes on Americans that will total $502 billion between 2010 and 2019. Several of these will hit the middle class.
parallel between Public Image Limited's experimental 1981
She's all "It's hard to look at my face so close up." But, how could one not say "Damn, I look pretty good!?" in these pictures.
For this week's 6th and final Aveeno Beautiful Change Challenge, my task is to find ways to make small changes in my neighborhood.
You can smell the coffee immediately upon pouring the beer and it is almost overpowering, in fact the smell is more powerful than the taste of the beer, which itself is coffee with a subtle dark bitter chocolate kick to it. I don't drink much coffee if I'm honest, because I dislike instant crap and only drink expresso when in a coffee place. This delivers on the coffee front nicely although as I mentioned it is a strongly scented beer.
Instead of properly scrutinising this deal, the emails show that Hunt set up a secret back channel to feed information to News Corp. One of the emails revealed that Hunt thought it was crucial to weaken Avaaz's campaign. We had them running scared! Now, let's use our power to get David Cameron to remove Jeremy Hunt.
Scenic non?
Check it out! It's beautiful.
to pockets earning leafy greens,
No, NPR knew exactly what Williams represented and stood for, and it was not balance, moderation, and certainly not liberalism. Williams, though, served a purpose for NPR. The networks has sweated for years and at times have been scared stiff by the conservative hit pack that’s had the network squarely in its sights keeping a hawk like watch for any hint of a “liberal bias.” Williams was there answer, and in some ways there protective cover. After all, how could a guy who routinely flashes across Fox be accused of spouting liberal biased views on NPR?
Kinks Days UK
The question is whether this is legally allowed under current, non-interactive licensing structures and related agreements. That includes a number of legal settlements related to earlier, time-shifting portables like the Pioneer Inno. In the here-and -now, Sirius is ferociously fighting to establish direct-to-label deals to enable just this level of interactivity.
The concerts are the third Friday of each month May through September. The next concert, June 18, will feature Southern rock band Drivin ’N’ Cryin’ and classic rock band Velvet Truckstop. When you stay at our Lovers’ Loop Retreat, an affordable Asheville bed and breakfast alternative, you’re 10 easy minutes from the festivities. Our guests who have checked this out have loved it.
-When the best leader's work is done the people say,
From working day and night trying to play that bigger life game I was telling my loyal blog readers about, I actually went on holiday (photos to follow) to Rhodos, and am now trying to settle back into life in rainy England.
He gave us a gift, we called it the Law
MacTarnahan's, the forgotten brewery.
“Distributors are having trouble buying lumber in the tight stocks environment and also they can’t get capital from banks so they’re buying futures,” said Brian Leonard, a futures broker and analyst for Leonard Commodities Inc in Chicago.
All we need to do, say the commercials, is STAND UP AND TAKE CONTROL of our lives, at long last. Right?
Top crust with marinara and spread evenly
I also hate it when the dog eats the bird’s bread! IT’S SUPPOSED TO BE ME EATING IT! Although I usually just have a small bite of the tasteless old slices of bread…. But he eats them all up, and then the poor birds don’t get anything… Ha, like I care.
Imagine the slave’s state of mind when he was called in to see the king. Perhaps the word had gone round that the king was having a time of settling accounts. What could the man possibly say in his defence? The inevitable happened of course. The king, knowing that the debt could not be repaid, was prepared to settle for what he could get by selling the man, his family and all that he owned. It would be a mere pittance compared to the debt. Throwing dignity to the winds, the slave begged for mercy, offering to pay off the debt, a task that both he and the king knew was impossible. Instead of laughing at the absurdity of the offer, the king took pity on the man and forgave him the whole debt.
I don't really know how I can express the love and gratitude my heart holds for you today. We don't often interact, in fact, for the last 1 1/2 years you've been residing untouched in the hubs' shed. Sometimes, the hubs and I will look at you and remember why we bought you in the first place. Do you recall? It was when Macie was 10 weeks old, pooped in my brand new car, and walked it all over the back seat. Oh, the memories. You've moved with us from Florida to Virginia and have stayed in that dark shed through record snow storms, nor 'easters and unyielding summer heat. Many cleaners would have given up by now, but not you. You've been waiting around for when I would need you again, and today, Oxy (can I call you that?) was your day.
I'm not neglecting my post... in fact i did write a few post but it's always end up in my draft box... hmmp... blame it on my 'busyness' in the office and 'laziness' at home... arghhh... how do i really define my life at the moment... BORINK and DULL!!!... for the past few months, my life was fully dedicated to my assignments, thesis and works... every inch of free time i have... i rather shop, rest or sleep at home doing nothing... YES all... COMPLETELY DOING NOTHING... oops, i even have no time to coordinate my wedding... oops and did i mention that the date is change to 16th October 2010... YES all.. another less than 6 months to go... and here i am... DOING NOTHING ABOUT IT... arghhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh... relax Judy you can do this... oops... did i mention that the thesis submission (chap1 - chap3) is on the 26th April 2010 and presentation to defense our proposal is on the 28th April 2010... Corporate Strategy semester report needs to submit this coming Friday... DOUBLE TRIPLE DOZENSSSS OUCHHHHHHHHHHHHH... how to relax??? arghhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh... anybody please slap me from lalalala land!!!
During the ceremony, Diarra commended Gutti on his new appointment, saying that his experience and knowledge would be of great benefit to the international effort to restore peace and stability in Somalia.
Bottom line: If you're on a budget, pick up the highlighter ASAP because it will definitely be sold out. Don't let Beige Lame fool you as just another simple brown-beige eyeshadow. It is much prettier in person. My top picks are the highlighter and Beige Lame. Brun Rose Tweed is also coming home with me but if you're on a budget, you can probably find a dupe for it from MAC, NARS, or Tarte. I'm still holding out on the loose powder as well. I think it might be another winner from this collection.
** What are some of your favorite summer date or day trip ideas? **
5 things that I can do to continue my success during the month of May.
Five years ago I got married. And after five years I am still not a Mrs. Tomorrow I get halfway there.
Courage to change the things I can,
Gert here…Note the attention getting devise (newsflash) again copy-catting from Gert’s writing style and the the direct mention to the adoption of my son! How does ANOTHER person, go on the offensive, to a commenter on a thread, with PERSONAL INFORMATION? Obviously JW doesn’t see the illogic of this attack tactic…going personal to a person that they DON’T know, except via HO. The sharing of personal infor by a second ‘attacker’ JW and Pilgrim only show, to that thread of adoptees, that HO and Pilgrim are haters. Then Pilgrim goes on the angry adoptee platform of His birth certificate is now sealed, and he’s living the lie other adoptees are living. and then adds an insult Congratulations Einstein! Oh so very JW. How could a MAN say that about an adoptee, on a adoptee thread, when he claims, in another comment that he KNOWS about adoption! No, HO got carried away in her attempts at shutting down elderbirthsibling (me) and she used one of her alter-egos to do it, she didn’t fool anyone.
We all of us have a seemingly innate tendency to hold onto things that mean something to us. This “holding on to” includes things which have a uniquely personal story about someone who is, or has been, in our lives. Throughout history we have kept things of monetary value to remind us of people – hence bequests in wills of particular objects, with specific personal references.
My hips aren't that big.
The research by Jos Kuper - who started the Sun with Du Plessis before going on to become an independent researcher - shows that among the Sun's readers there has been a shift from an entitlement mind set to one of "we need to do it for ourselves".
The Bible guarantees it!
Top to bottom: 1 Peckham Rye park and its Japanese Garden. 2 a lovely home in North Dulwich. 3 clocwise from top left: my home:), Sydenham Hill beauty, Honor Park Road in South London and One Tree Hill. 4 My journal for Odalisque called Linda's Journal. 5 me! Marc by Marc Jacobs dress, Top Shop candy striped sweater and coat with my Converse shoes.
Institutionalized racial oppression in America is hidden and all whites benefit from that racial oppression. All whites in America enjoy white privilege. As a white person in America my chances of being stopped by a police officer for a drug check is three times less than that of a African American, I have much less chance of being incarcerated, of being poor, of facing blatant prejudice, of receiving good schooling or of facing housing discrimination. As a white person the chances are that I will have access to more wealth. As a person with racial privilege, the most basic responsibility is not to collude in the pretense that this racial privilege doesn’t exist. Acknowledging the privilege is the first essential step.
A recombinant nucleic acid molecule comprising a transcription regulatory nucleotide sequence operatively linked with a nucleotide sequence encoding a self-contained light-emitting reporter, wherein the transcription regulatory nucleotide sequence regulates expression of a gene that signals production of a target product of a fermentative or synthetic pathway in a cell.
As I see it, the best things schools can do for kids is to help them learn how to distinguish useful talk from bullshit. I will ask only that you agree that every day in almost every way people are exposed to more bullshit than it is healthy for them to endure, and that if we can help them to recognize this fact, they might turn away from it and toward language that might do them some earthly good.
Once again thank you all so so much!
In the spring of 1967, after about six or seven years of dithering, doubting, questioning and wondering about the Faith -- i.e., was what I was taught as a child able to fit the complexities of the adult world? -- I walked up to St. Bridget's and had a long talk with the assistant pastor, Fr. Bill Ward (God rest his soul) and decided that it was and I would stay. Lewis and Chesterton had a lot to do with it too.
Trading above 9,830 on Friday will bring more buyers into the ring, buy, I wish market should not close below 9,750, where I am expecting some hiding bears.
How cute are these? Well, they were simple to make, and since I had a couple of frogs left over from another project, I thought this would be perfect for a little Valentines Day box for hubby...It will be perfect for a little candy and a gift card! I had so much fun making the 1st one, I thought I would put another one together for a birthday box...it will come in handy...
If the story had been a bit more grounded in something that resembled common sense, this would have been a Seven Star movie. As it is, it's getting Six Stars for being an average "pressure cooker" sort of thriller with comedic overtones, but with some stand-out performances.
Now that I have discovered my love of cross stitch one again, and this beautiful person's blog, I have started digging out old pieces that either were started and not finished or else just not started at all. I found these older pieces of Aida cloth (sorry again for no "before" pictures. I get so dang excited about doing something, I don't even think about taking pictures until after all is said and done).
For some, their very liberty is at risk, as I write people languish in jail for the crime of writing words, meanwhile, in Carlisle earlier this week an ex-soldier, Andrew Ryan, was sentenced to 70 days in prison for burning paper (a Koran) such a sentence would be unthinkable had a Muslim burnt a bible - imagine the outcry.
Any how....I want to put a link here which is Dutch. It is a recipe, vegitarian, oriental. I have applied for the free digital recipe book "Milk & Honey". I might make this one day soon. If any one is interested, I will translate the recipe once I have it, or order it yourself: Melk & Honing gratis receptenboek
- ” A picture is worth a thousand words”
That is the sort of legacy we need to leave for this earth.
Today I squeezed in a $100 trip to the Asian market and bought overpriced potstickers by accident. Today I don't really care. Also I bought tempura vegetables.
Organic Bamboo Pod: $9.25
it's a huge commitment to get a sleeve and i forced myself to think about it for at least a year before i impulsively do it... just to make sure.
A Saudi Arabian national faces hate crimes charges after allegedly spitting on several people at a Florida Walmart.
That’s my future your playing with,
This bill is also good example of legislation that, if passed, would provide an opportunity to let state policy makers know your thoughts on if and how such a provision should be implemented here in Florida. You’re the experts and they need to know your thoughts on matters important to our field. They should also hear from adult learners who may be impacted by such legislation. Educate yourself on what you can do in an official capacity and what you may need to do as a private citizen. The National Coalition for Literacy has good guidelines on what you can legally do.
The number of students in Minnesota who speak little or no English has more than tripled in the past 10 years to about 29,000, with most attending schools in St. Paul and Minneapolis. That’s about 5 percent of total student enrollment, according to the state Department of Children, Families and Learning.
Length: 8½ miles/4 hours
So after doing this we have our BIG BLOWOUT Early Release day with all the second grade teachers at our building. I got my activity all copied for the rest of the teachers. I hope they like it as much as I do!?!?
William Henry Kiefer was born in Eschback, Germany in 11/28/1852. When he was fifteen years old he came to the USA on a steamboat “Bavaria’. I don’t know if he came alone, ran away, or was going to school. He went to Indiana and became a cabinet maker He later made furniture. On Christmas day in 1877 her married Mary Volkert. I am told he made the bedroom set for their wedding and marriage bed. If this is so than the bed is 135 years old. It has held up quite well.
Then, Josh and I went to the ultrasound to find out the news! It was fun to have a moment for just the two of us to learn our baby's gender. I'm not huge on surprises anyway, so I'm glad I had a chance to learn in private (well, with two ultrasound techs that were complete strangers...). Then we hopped in the car and drove to one of our favorite meeting places, a mexican restaurant called Acapulco.
(There was pin-drop silence in the lecture theater.)
Lemon Basil - Well this one just sounds amazing, doesn't it? Who wouldn't want a hint of lemon in their pesto? This variety received rave reviews on the Baker Creek site. I can't wait to see how it does and what it actually tastes like.
15. 95 North (Feat. Shyheim)
On this occasion I made balls out of the mashed potato
1. Trying to find a contractor that will actually call me back
Firstly- I would highly recommend you get yourself/your child on meds which aids the brain in firing consistently. This consistency will aid in the individuals cognitive abiliities as well as their emotional maturity growth which affects the impulsivity component of the condition. If a child/person doesn’t have the maturity to understand actions/consequences they will bounce around in life like a basketball with no real direction or focus.
But there is! THERE IS!!
“It ain’t like that no more. Kids (rodeo cowboys) today, they lead a cleaner life. They contest for big purses. Even now, there’s still a good share of rodeo cowboys doing the circuit. It’s never been an easy life.
This virus is extremely damaging and can really cause a lot of major trouble in a person’s computer, making it absolutely essential for people to ensure that they prevent their computers from getting infected with such a virus. You can easily install a good antivirus program in order to prevent such an infestation at all times within your computer once and for all.
No gas pressure....
If you stood in the furthest room, you could see through all the other rooms and it made you feel sad; it was like a train ready to leave with its lights shining over the platform. The last room was dark like the inside of a tunnel except for a faint glow in the gold frames and the mirror which was hung too high on the wall. All the lamps were soft and misty and made a very tiny circle of light. And when you ran you made no noise.
Hotwire Deals: For you, Kristin: Miami hotels from $121, West Palm Beach hotels from $83, plus…
First of all you need your sniff... I used kool-aid powder. Yes, you read that right. I would like to try it again sometime with jello powder since I can't find any Green Apple in Kool-aid. I chose tropical punch and mixed two different color embossing powders together (Cranberry and Outdoor Denim) to try and match the purple kool-aid a bit. I added some sparkly embossing powder after I'd mixed it... it needed sparkle.
Some believe that good food should come from a good restaurant. I never buy that since good restaurant always come with a higher price. In my opinion, good food can be everywhere, from fine-dining restaurant to a street food stall. Especially in South East Asia, where food is always at the corner of your eyes!
As to the “immigrant nation” bromide, by the time George Washington and Thomas Jefferson were born, their families had lived in America for 100 years. They were no immigrants who founded the United States. Besides, there is hardly a nation on Earth that isn’t an immigrant nation. The founders of the Vatican immigrated to Etruscan land and, for racial justice’s sake, should both return that land to the Etruscans and encourage immigration by the Somali Bantu. The Japanese once lived somewhere between Mongolia and Korea. So much for Progressive drivel.
The birth of Bryce Lyn Spear was one of the most amazing and hardest times of my life. There was a lot of preparation that went into it but the most important moment during my entire pregnancy was when I was 5 months along and we decided to go to a free standing birth center and avoid a hospital birth completely. That was the best decision I have ever made. That started my journey of having a natural childbirth and I became obsessed in gaining as much knowledge as I could about midwifery and natural childbirth. Along the way I stumbled across a home course called Hypnobabies, which teaches you self-hypnosis and how to relax and manage pain during labor and childbirth. I studied that and listened to hypnosis tracks everyday during the last 3 months of my pregnancy. I truly believe that I would not have been able to do what I did without the help of Hypnobabies. It is an amazing tool and really works!
We bought the house from a dentist and his partner who was somebody well known in jurisprudence (I’m not even sure I know what that means). Anyhow neither seemed the sort of guy who would go in for yoga or meditation or any of these Eastern practices which we in the West treat with such reverence as being superior ways to understand the world, ourselves and the part we play in it. Sitting cross-legged for hours at a time and saying OMMMMMMM deep down every couple of seconds or so never seemed to me the surest way of dealing with life’s pesky problems.
However, what is interesting is that Red Toryism did more to attract Lib Dem voters than Labour ones as the values of localism, small business, and volunteerism are more Lib Dem than Labour. It is interesting that Labour are trying to put these into Blue Labour as voters for these values are not Labour voters (yet). So Blue Labour is as much as attracting Lib Dem votes as it is Tory ones.
It’s unlikely any of those Republican senators who this week mounted a successful filibuster against jobless benefits thought about it, but they cut off funding just in time to make over a million families miss their mortgages, rent, and car payments for the month of July.
Dear Disney,
Wood Plaque: Walnut Hollow Pine Plaque - French Porvincial
Just across the street from our place is this bright red bush:
Somalis have long used charcoal in their homes for cooking. Charcoal is also one of the country’s biggest exports. To prepare charcoal, people chop down trees, stack the wood tightly, cover it with earth to limit the amount of available oxygen, and set it on fire. Without much oxygen, the wood does not burn completely. The partially burned pieces of wood are charcoal. In the past, woodcutters used axes to cut down trees. In modern times, woodcutters use chainsaws, and warlords largely control the business… As a result, acacia, mangrove, and other trees are rapidly disappearing.
Bring sugar and water to 118°C. In the meantime, whip remaining 23g egg whites until soft peaks.
(Nepali scholar, advisor of The Lumbini Kapilvastu Day Movement and writer of ‘Mahaviniskraman ka Aswikrit Paila’ a novel on Buddha’s life which published supporting Lumbini Kapilvastu Day movement and author of many other books) and Mr Mahiswar Raj bajhracharya (Chairman of Nepal Buddhist Council, well known Buddhist scholar and author of many books on Buddhism and Buddha) for their commitment to promoting Buddhism and Buddha’s birthplace Lumbini Nepal.
I’m happy to say that now, with LUSH on my doorstop and an interest in where my products come from, I’m now a big lover of LUSH. With their campaign running, I’ve found myself surrounded by LUSH news online and it urged to me to pop in and take a look at the differences they are trying to make across the board of animal rights.
Just above the line demarcating the pollution line was the moon. A thin crecent moon, and since the air was so clean up here, I could make out the dark side of the moon - where the earths shadow was falling. So, I could see the entire sphere of the moon - the lighted part and the showded part. Mesmerizing.
However, when asked whether Thaci (named 26 times in the report) was being investigated, Eulex officials immediately backtracked by saying that no “formal” investigation had been opened. These confused statements were used by Thaci to pronounce himself innocent and to decry the fecklessness of the EU mission: with sublime, if perhaps unintended, irony he repeatedly resisted proposals to transfer the investigation from Eulex to an ad hoc international body.
This story impressed me so much that I actually emailed Dave Kunst on Wednesday hoping he would return with some correspondence. Thursday morning I opened my email to find that he had! He sent me three emails. One answering my question, and two more loaded with pictures of his trip.
It is the 1.2 meter tall basket ball player, forced to play in the league of 2.5 meter tall professionals. Stepped on, beaten down, embarrassed and made fun of, it is not allowed to go to the league to which it belongs and just in case it may be too quick and run between the legs of the giants, brick weights are added to its feet.
Wow! That was much harder than I thought it would be!!! So now that I have completed it I must now pass on the torch to other bloggers! I would like to bestow this award to:
We received the disappointing news yesterday
If you have your name on my postcard list and would like another,
‘Tis the gift to be simple, ’tis the gift to be free,
Without futher ado.....drum roll....
And then I’d say I know it’s tough
I realized after reading your comments in the Pink vs. Blue door debate, that I should have elaborated on my vision for this room. Many of you were thinking high glam or small pops of pink. But since this bathroom is in the back of the house, and right off the pool, I was dreaming of something reminiscent of Old Mexico.....like San Miguel de Allende.
+ if you're into that winter vibe, there's a great cookbook by matthew evans 'winter on the farm'. it's full of really beautiful photographs and delicious-sounding recipes ('pancakes laced with salted caramel pears and finished with rum' for breakfast, anyone?).
Two days after, I did write the show a letter …I guess my wanting to desperately meet my family took the overhand !
I'm also featuring a new logo. Originally it was the white background with blocky, black text and a tattoo design of a galloping Pegasus.
3. Fry the chicken for about 2 minutes a side, until there is no pinkness when you cut into a piece. Make sure the pan’s hot so that the escalopes catch a little, turning beautifully bronze.
“Thank you.” Charles cast another glance round the room. “She’ll be coming to live here. As will Blanca.”
We had just completed (or so we thought) a successful military campaign in Afghanistan where we had routed the Taliban and established a seventh century version of a Democratic government in a country permanently locked in the middle ages. We still bore the wounds of 9/11 and while we vowed never to forget, we were beginning to heal.
Enough about that ranting let me continue. We all were talking and I made the comment that if this bar is SUCH a huge problem why don’t we pay a couple officers some over time and have them work the bar. I thought these guys were going to have a heart attack. All of them were like oh no, we cannot do that, and started back pedaling. It just needs to be close down one states. I say no, if you want a solution put some officers out there. He says well that is not going to happen and we (The PD) need to keep a good paper trail on ALL incidents up there.
"Somebody's here." I can still hear the sing song way my father said that.
If I told you what it takes
I use Archy (available on most addon sites), which in essence offers the basic information to you on your main UI screen. It shows the four digsites for the continent you’re on, as well as the current projects for the different races you have along with how many fragments and keystones for each one. Also, there is the option to make the digsite boundaries show up on your minimap, making it much easier to know where and where not to survey.
I remember my parents hiring this out at least a dozen times for me,probably should have purchased a copy but from what I gather the film was quickly pulped by its creator, thats why I would be curious to know if any of you have seen it.
Tonight at Observatory; hope to see you there!
Here we have Ritsu's drum set.
Took Bella and Roman to their allergy appointment and all was going well until the last 5 minutes. Bella was running around the exam table and tripped over cord, fell and screamed bloody murder for 5 minutes. After she calmed down we headed to car and when I tried to put her in car seat she again started screaming and saying ouch & she refused to move her arm for the next 20 minutes when I ran to grab Roman his donut for being good.
Napolitano: Well what does Benjamin Netanyahu say to president Obama the next time they meet? "Why are your people listening to my phone calls? That was me talking to the ambassador while some agent of yours was listening!"
Only tangentially; when I wrote my first novel, Mortal Engines, I was assuming that it was a grown-up Science Fiction novel, but when I tried to find a literary agent there was none who was even prepared to read it, let alone represent me. So I rewrote it as a children's novel - or as what they call 'YA' these days - and showed it to Scholastic: I didn't know any of the fiction editors there at that time, but I'd done some illustration work for their non-fiction list, so I thought they might at least take a look at it and tell me if it was any good or if I was just wasting my time. In the end they published it. Actually, re-writing it for a younger audience hugely improved the book, so it's not a decision that I regret.
The important thing is that they understand nothing is free. People don’t deserve anything. People aren’t automatically entitled to anything. Yes, birthdays and special occasions come and go, and they get gifts. Yes, they have grandparents who spoil them. Yes, my husband will come home from one of his frequent trips loaded down with guilt gifts. But they understand that these occasions are the exception, not the rule.
I bought my first watermelon of the year at a store in my neiborhood last week. It was “a small watermelon” but was rather big and very cheap.
now I'm catching up on 'three hungry boys' - brilliant thing on tv. it's about three guys who challenged hugh fearnley-whittingstall (of the river cottage) that they could spend a month living off the land. what you get is a lot of beautiful scottish landscapes, three scruffy-looking chaps (one of them, if I squint, reminds me of my biggest celebrity crush, so it's all good), spear fishing, mussel picking, wild swimming, survival and generally boys being boys.
I'll be posting some of the new photos in a couple of days.
For tiny things and big things
Some of you have found my blog posts with Google searches. A simple search like, “change default font word 2007,” can yield several sites explaining exactly what I explain in this post. It’s not rocket science, yet many people don’t immediately think of it.
This recovery process needs a speed-up button.
Planned 10 miles
After a classy meal (yum - and best thing was I hadn't cooked it) we sat back and prepared to admire the brave souls who had entered Authonomy LIve. Last year, you may remember the outright winner was Shelley Harris, who went on to not only get an agent, but also a two book deal with Weidenfeld & Nicolson following a bidding war.
He’s a huge contributor to the flea market on Franklin Ave. As a child growing up, Frank always found work for his idle hands. His mom had a sewing machine that he used to experiment with. Luckily, by doing that he found his talent and started making wallets. At first he had doubts about whether people would want to by his little wallets made by his experimenter’s hands, but on his first sale Frank overcame all doubts and moved on to other options like making book covers.
simply didn't matter?
But recently, I was inspired by a confluence of events (ahhh love those big words) to try something new. The events:
On that day, three weeks ago, I told him I was too tired to keep doing this. To tired to keep getting hurt, to keep going around and around.
Large numbers of Khitans and Malgals were allowed into Balhae and the Koreans became an ethnic minority in their own country in less than a hundred years.
And Mary. Bless her. Her life was clearly not her own, either, and this escape to protect the Son of God must have seemed almost wrong. Is this really The Plan? Seriously?! At least the donkey ride to Bethlehem was full of Hope and Promise kicking inside her. But now her journey means holding a wiggly toddler all the way to a new continent. A new culture. A new fear.
The eclectic Paperie E-Team is launching a new series of challenges based around art journaling, and we're kicking it off with... why, the cover, of course!
Even if they are all now dead, my view persists. For years, American policy has reflected the words of the song from Les Miserables which I’ve quoted in two earlier articles (on 3rd and 17th April).
that you loved them the same?
Parents are responsible for raising kids, not teachers.
Onions - 1, medium size, finely chopped
1.sam/whisper #17
This was also my first 'group shoot' where there are multiple photographers and multiple models, the shoot lasted 3 hours, with photographers working in pairs shooting each of 4 models for 45 minutes at a time. This was also my first real attempt at low light photography using natural light, I've leave you to judge how well I coped.
After receiving the print, simply add your family photo's to the print and frame it into a 16x20 glass picture frame. Hang it in your kitchen, office, entryway and write directly on the glass with a dry or wet erase marker, bringing Delightful Order to your home.
Somerset is a town off the Pennsylvania Turnpike and near the site of the crash of Flight 93 on Sept. 11th, 2001. In Somerset, we had some great Philly/New York style pizza at Frank’s Pizza and then settled in for the night. The next morning would be our last in Pennsylvania.
If anyone is reading, please feel free to let me know what you think so far! OH yeah, I also received the new tags to tie on the product and have decided to make Deer Girl the new face of Dottie Makes Magic. I still love (LOVE) foxes but I just adore how her sweet little face turned out. That means I’ve got to make new headers for the site and store! So much to do! So silly of me to think I could have had all this ready by 3/20. PFFT.
Can I enter more than once?
“I can’t seem to believe that.”
I feel that the urge to make photographs siezes me in the springtime. Especially in New England when by Febuary I think at least 50% of the population is clinically depressed, stuck indoors, or getting soaking wet trying to brave the slippery streets. So when the white death finally melts away and everything comes back to life people freak out, that first warm day, even though its only 54 degrees out, every ones out in shorts and a t-shirt trying to get reacquainted with the outdoors, and its the BEST time to photograph people. Yesterday was the first day of summer and I’m hoping my photographic zeal can hold out till fall, but I’ve been thinking of making these spring pictures into their own portfolio. Several teachers at MassArt told me that all my portraits were self portraits, and for a while I thought that was artsy bullshit, but now I look back and I see my own happiness and manic drive to create in all these springtime pictures.
I can say I've had a few things on my mind. Of course, August marks the second passing of Gabriel's birth/death date. Never did it ever occur to me then that I would not have a living child by now. However, I'm learning to put aside the timelines and mental math about when this or that would happen. I'm beginning to believe I may not achieve a viable pregnancy again. I'm beginning to wonder not if I can live with this being the shape or sum of my life, but how to do so.
amidst
Sailors in the current crew of 320 — including many who asked to be assigned to the Cole — say they’re unafraid to deploy to that region.
You're very sweet, Kane. Thank you. I don't know about "sparse" but even Raymond Carver once objected to being edited. His story "What We Talk About When We Talk About Love." is something I think we've all done at one point in our lives. Sitting around getting wasted as more truths come out the drunker we get.
On this date in 1963, Pete Rose hits his first major league home run off Ernie Broglio of the Cardinals.
As the resourceful entrepreneur I am, I have of course turned this whole leap day thing into a successful business. I’ve spent the entire day proposing to men, and subsequently being rejected. In about 32 years I’ll have enough fabric to make a circus tent, and then I can
original purchase price: $1079.95
Robinson writes: “I’m at a loss, even after President Obama’s surprise trip to the war zone. The president’s televised address from Bagram air base raised more questions than it answered. Let’s start with the big one: Why?”
I don't know what it is about stomach illnesses, but lately they have been tag-teaming my poor, exhausted, little ass. On the food poisoning meter, I think I must've been 'rounding 9, 9.5 by the time the last day of our trip in Chicago came around and my 2nd bout with touristitus had struck.
I cry. by myself. in cars. once in a blue moon.
All-Star Authority
Firstborn has come down with something - probably the same thing I had Monday. He's feverish, he's nauseated, he's lethargic. (Seriously - Beautiful Wife offered to let him play video games yesterday, and he said, "I think I'd rather just lie here." Clearly, something is terribly wrong.)
9. Name a word or phrase that you despise (and the reason behind it, if you happen to know).
Another great way to use your ripened banana. These banana brownies are egg free and lower in fat than the traditional one. These are perfect dessert for picnics, potlucks or after school snack. But if you have chocolate lovers in the house, these brownies won't last that long.
What does any of this have to do with horses and why am I bringing it up?
1. brief case history 2. snapshot 3. photographic documentation of items from pickets, found clutched int he hands, or arranged to be the last thing the deceased would see in the world.
At the beginning of our relationship, I didn’t believe in forever. Mr B-in-B would whisper things about growing old together or where we’d be in ten year’s time and I’d nod along, never quite managing to see what he saw. But, slowly, over years of living together and apart, over hundreds of mornings waking up next to a boy who made me feel safe, who brought me coffee in bed and who filled my days with smiles, I began to believe. And in February 2011, on a plane flying home to Mr B-in-B after three snowy weeks of holiday in Chicago, I realised, no matter what happens in the future, no matter where I end up or what I do, I want it to be with him. I want to grow old with him.
When I visit your Facebook page, I can tell a lot about you in roughly 5 seconds flat. From the photos lined up across the top, to the information on your wall and comments made by likers. But mostly, it’s what I can’t learn about you quickly that has me concerned.
But now I understand, that I had no authority over which areas of my life I let God in. He was in it all, even though I made so many bad choices, He was faithful. He loved me enough to give me the freedom to make decisions about my life and let me live with the consequences.
That's my ideal way to shuffle off this mortal coil and what I am aiming to do. Though I would have to make sure I had someone to check in on me every morning otherwise I might not be found for six months and then I would just be a skeleton wearing a nightcap, and that would look ridiculous.
Hello Everybody! Thank you for playing along with our last Challenge! The winners will be announced this Wednesday .... so don't forget to check back ... this could be your winning week! This week Simon Says Stamp and Show ... A Tag! If you want to join in the fun ... all you need to do is ... create a Tag! ... pop it on your blog ... and come back here and link up so everyone can see what you made! Before you start take a look at what the Design Team came up with...
All day long, I'm pouring this kid juice.
The waldkindergarten pedagogy started in the 90's in Germany with some kindergartens that didn't have a place to work from "Except maybe a caravan, but you are only allowed to take care of children for 5 hours with a caravan, for any longer there are so many regulations. So this wasn't possible with a caravan, but when parents have long day at work, they need to have kindergarten for longer." Waldkindergarten's in Germany examined the legislation and realised that without a building there weren't the same issues. So now they work most of the time in the open air. If it rains they move into the bushes and all the children have warm clothes and waterproofs. "In a room everything is very loud, outside you work with nature and you don't have to tidy up."
Being honest with myself, I stayed a stay at home mom for too long. I needed something else to occupy my time and brain. I thought being home with the kids 24/7 was what they needed but what about what I needed?
I was going to try not to blog about the kittens very often but what the heck, they are cute and they make me smile.
What it obviously isn’t – is a “civil rights” issue. If being made to show an ID in order to vote is a violation of our rights, than we are all victims. But I don’t have a problem showing ID to vote, nor do I have problem showing ID to get on a plane.
My tongue purple from grape soda
- That I do, Ju-Ju. I'm a champion of the underdog mahself -
So easy! This way we always know what movies we own, in case we borrow them out or one gets misplaced. And the kids always know where to grab the movies from and where to put them back, meaning it's easy enough for them to keep our media organized also. And that my friends is totally another reason why these media bins melt my organized heart.
7th of April 2012
Dozens of people were reported fighting at around 12:30 a.m. at or near 75th Street and Western Avenue, Ellison said.
Well it's The Crafting Owl here with a project for all the lovely mums out there. The Design Team were given the Fluroescent colours to play with and as my mum likes pink I decided to go with this and use it for my design. I decided to make a wall-hanging as I've not made one for a while and this is quite easy and simple to do.
( 15 years old) chose for it.When I showed to him the original design from TW.s home page he said that it looks fine but the colours are too "grey".
True Grit – Dec 25
I am always surprised where my rambles take me. From chopped down trees to making tuatua fritters to the shores of the Ninety Mile Beach. I just write what's on my heart. Some days its a wander through a junk shop searching for treasure, down a country lane in my head, or like a tumbleweed flying away down the beach on a gusty day. Thank you for all your messages on facebook, email and the few who have managed to comment here over the past few days. A few of you have written me that its impossible to leave a comment. I don't know what's up with that, but thanks for taking the time to make contact however you could. I have been a bit blown away to find out how many people do visit and who you all are. I am discovering people I didn't even know existed. Its a bit exciting to see where you all come from, how you connected with my little old self, and its a privilege and honour to hear that some of you find joy here.
And refuse to let me make a pound
Now onto my projects. First up is a super quick and easy vintage inspired wedding card using the Fancy Frame stamp and die set. The set comes with a bunch of fabulous sentiments making it easy to whip up cards for any occasion in a few minutes!
Davis: I mean, I did a lot of calculator work on the UN data, from The Challenge of Slums, calculating urban densities and so on, and this is the Victorian world writ large. Just as the Victorian middle classes could not escape the diseases of the slums, neither will the rich, bunkered down in their country clubs or inside gated communities. The whole obsession now is that avian flu will be brought into the country by –
Ryan Braun, Matt Kemp, the Pope! the list goes on and on (well five more).
Anyone or anything interesting that turned up or happened: They were trying an experiment of seating most of the women on one side, most of the men on the other, with mixed groups along the third side opposite the door, and encouraging people with announcements to use the 'nod' for getting dances, and to clear the floor between tandas so as to make it possible. It didn't entirely work out - there weren't enough men or women arriving alone to be able to do it convincingly, and Bristolians like everyone else are inclined to sit with their friends and would consider it rather bizarre to be told they couldn't because of a chromosome. But it was interesting and worth a try. The lighting was good, but the hall is a bit big; although I had no problems at all zapping partners from reasonable distances away, I couldn't make it work to the other side of the room. But it was fun to try and would have worked better with a bigger turnout, especially of men, or more people who were used to getting their dances that way.
Mojo Mt. Trail Mix Bar – This was delicious and I will definitely be buying more in the future
It seems all we can do is sit and wait, and distract ourselves by endlessly trawling facebook and playing QWOP. Oh and maybe occasionally moving from the bed to get food, and then retreat back to the hovel, A.K.A the bedroom, which has somewhat become a dump, the floor no longer visible. Yes mum, I’ll tidy it later. (Later meaning, never.)
Lvl 2 - roll 2 to more dice of damage
The November 17 march began at Liberty Square (f.k.a. Zuccotti Park); proceeded to Union Square where it picked up striking NYU and other students; and then to Foley Square, where it picked up the unions. From there, they proceeded to Brooklyn Bridge.
There is a movement started by Arctic Patriot to buy a gun on election day to send a message. Let's all ramp that message up by buying field equipment and ammo for that gun purchase from now until November. The powers that be are watching all commerce. They will see that it is not just a few people, not just sunshine patriots with a box of ammo who will go quietly home when the rain starts to fall. A firearm needs support gear and lots of food to be effective. So do you. With effectiveness comes respect. The DHSS goon squad does not respect you, me, or anyone else. They will respect the big battalions ready to play hardball.
Look at the lacquer chart, are you also one of them who cant wait to get their hands on these glitters?
"Apparently, and it is only some of the time, I get just a little cross.A teeny tiny bit miffed. Well, I am 1103 years old."
Server (WCS)
Why is this you ask? African-Americans and Native Americans both suffer from obesity and hypertension. These are two of the major risk factors for heart disease. Experts attribute this to the fact that people of color tend to live in areas where they do not have access to quality lifestyle choices and excellent yet affordable healthcare. Minorities are also less likely to receive preventative care such as angiograms. In order to change this, we need to change the cultural competency of doctors. With this, hopefully minorities will begin to see a decline in heart disease.
A few days ago I got a wink online from what appeared to be a cute, nice, guy with a great body. Yes please! There is a God. Finally, someone I actually find attractive has contacted me, instead of the usual 58 year olds, creeps, or just downright homely.
This was all fine and dandy until she started using my car as a scientific petri dish of disgustingness. Did you know that French fries don’t really deteriorate? They just sit.
Have you ever been to Katie-Land? It’s an interesting place. Even she will admit to that. Life is pink, perky, and never quite normal. There’s always a glitch in the system somewhere.
I'm pasting the entire piece here. It's too good to miss.
Kate Capshaw (My Heroes Have Always Been Cowboys)
Not in terms of audience enjoyment – a third of the audience walked out halfway – and the other two-thirds – I don’t think I could count on them to confirm it was enjoyable.
Another guy I finally got round to checking out in depth this year. Everything that is good about modern singer songwriters – unique voice and worldview, individual style, quiet rebellion.
Always, always reach for the top of the game, not the bottom, and I'll do the same. Perhaps we'll meet there someday. I certainly hope so.
"You can't average 11%, the stock market is in the toilet!" Let me just say, I don't claim to be an investing expert. I just take a common sense approach. The S&P 500 has averaged 10.88% since 1980. The Russel 2000 Value Index averaged 12.66% since 1980 (as 2 examples). Call me an optimist, but I believe long term investing in the stock market proves to be a wise choice. Investing the past 5-10 years has been volatile, but long term investments are still strong!
I am still loving the colours...which is lucky
How does one keep in step with the Spirit?
In an attempt to tickle my brain, I've started a daily routine where I asked for a word to the twitterworld and then create a quick image response base from it. The rule is to take the very first word that pops up. Here's what I have so far:
My friend, Amber, and I just finished a VBS bulletin board for our church. Aside from seeing the end result, the best part was our trip to the DOLLAR TREE. We spent $18.00 and got almost everything we needed. You really have to be creative when you are getting everything from the DOLLAR TREE. Don't you just love that place?!!!
Last week, Italian demonstrators clashed with police in Turin, while thousands more marched in the central city of Rieti to denounce the government’s reforms.
“South Africa's ruling African National Congress (ANC) finally told its members to stop singing the song "Kill the Boer" -- that is, murder white South Africans. ("Boer" is Afrikaans for "farmer," but colloquially, it is a disparaging term for any white South African.) This came after ANC Youth League leader Julius Malema defied a court ruling and kept singing the song (he still refuses to stop).” Pamela Geller, American Thinker.
While I was there, during my 15 or so minutes at least 5 customers came in off the street, seemingly for the first time (no banter between them and Smokey who seemed up for it) there were also a couple cops who just seemed to be around for a moment.
So today I am pulling a blank, but I think you get the idea. Anyway, it has been bugging me for a few years, and I finally took the time to mention it someplace. I know there are lots of things that I do that aren’t exactly correct, but at least I try. Mostly it is the off ofofofofoof that drives me crazy. You can see just how much from the previous sentence.
And here are some of the last photos I took of work I made with Helios porcelain. Right after this pic they were bubble wrapped and packed for shipping. I shipped home nine boxes of work and could have shipped home twelve if I hadn't run out of time. I did all the packing on the last Friday and most of the work had just come out of the kilns a day or two before. I did pack some stuff in my backpack and carry-on and dragged them through the airport and on and off the planes with no breakage, yay!
Genre: Brazilian Jazz, Bossa Nova
Mutta finished all the exams. Right when he bought a new phone, Hibito called him and invited him to hang out at the NASA headquarters in Texas.
Others can brag about themselves, their work, their successes, their writings, but the Holy Spirit will not allow you to do any such thing. If you begin to do so, He will lead you into some deep mortification that will make you despise yourself and all your good works.
The fact is, a cat is not responding to “nothing,” but to something he can see, hear or smell, something that our human senses are not attuned to. No extrasensory perception (ESP) is involved, merely more-sensitive-than-human perception, which also ﬁgures into cats’ mysterious sensing of earthquakes coming.
1. My first job, aged 14 and a bit (I lied and said I was 16 and the boss never checked) was stacking shelves in a local supermarket two nights a week and all day Saturday for the princely sum of £2 8sh and 6d. Even in the late 60's this was lousy pay! My co-workers and I deliberately damaged packets of biscuits (KitKats were favourite) so we could buy them cheap. Can you blame us?
Read to Self always ends up being my students' favorite choice and setting it up well can ensure that all students are successful during this time and your room is conducive to learning and working.
Ethan Wingfield (REP) 7.67% 101
“I’m sorry to hear that,” I said. “What’s the trouble then? Arthritis? Varicose veins? Blue urine?”
Just shy of 9 years Army and National Guard, just over 24 years as a street cop. After more than 32 years in one uniform or another I am happily retired. SWAT team commander and team sniper, motorcycle officer, firearms instructor, FTO, detective (temporarily. I hated palinclothes assignments)even a bicycle officer, I've done at least a little bit of most everything.
She's smart, friendly, and always complimentary to others. She's delighted to have made a second friend this year, and spent last week counting down the days till she went to her friend's birthday party. Making friends is hard for her because she has a hard time in continuing a conversation. She has a fabulous skill, when she either doesn't understand or doesn't want to answer, of pretending the other person never said anything at all. There's no pause, no gap, just a sweet little smile on her face as she goes on about what she wants to talk about. Don't underestimate her. She has depths to her, unfathomable depths containing a multitude of surprises. She will own the world one day.
-1837 Beavis vs. Mousey (lawsuit to be determined, not sure what Beavis would have against a mouse toy but it was the first thing Kristina saw when she was coming up with the two parties).
So for today I pulled out the Biggest Loser DVD and did 10 min cardio, 10 min lower, and 10 min abs. It was a good workout!
Our electronic games can take all the time they want in arriving as I need to shuffle the cards for Game #3 so I can avenge myself.
that drives you batty when students bring it in the beginning of the year because it NEVER fits in the desk? That one. I sorted all the crayons into basic colors (red, green, blue, yellow, brown, and so on) and put them in baggies. The kids where crazy curious about what those crayons were for!
A post for ‘I Wish I didn’t have aspergers’
We had friends and family over to celebrate E’s birthday yesterday. When it was time for my parents to leave and E was having a good time playing with his Grandma in the back yard, he asked her to stay for two more minutes.
“Considering I’ve been brought here under false pretenses, I find your behavior reprehensible.”
BEIJING (MarketWatch) — When I ponder the impact on the West of China’s slow but steady progress in liberalizing its financial markets, Napoleon’s oft-cited description of the Middle Kingdom comes to mind. “A sleeping giant. Let him sleep! If he awakes, he will shake the world.”
An Iraqi immigrant who blamed himself for his ex-wife’s death in the Interstate 35W bridge collapse was sentenced to prison Tuesday, May 8, for what one federal prosecutor called “pervasive” food stamp fraud.
But the attorney for Samuel Villegas Lopez has asked the five-member board, which has three new members, to delay the execution and a decision in the matter.
Jonah catches up to her and asks "Are you saying that Chako DIDN'T rape you?" (Rape Reference #2 for the series) He demands to know what really happened but she won't reveal it. Hex tells her to get to someplace safe.
I’m left in (so much) misery
Officially, the war ended at one minute past midnight, making this the proper VE day, even if the tradition in England is to celebrate the day before – hence the newspapers headlines. But this day has now been sequestered by the "colleagues" as their "Europe Day", celebrating the myth of Robert Schuman presenting "his" proposal on 9 May 1950 for the creation of the Iron and Steel Community and the start of what was to become the European Union.
And who could blame them?
Called simply “The Election”, it will run on May 3rd, and in Cambridge will be filmed on location at the Guildhall by a bunch of bit part actors tiredly going through the same old lines over and over again.
Well here we are again for another MDUC challenge and I almost freakin forgot to post it! Had my card done early in the week, took pictures but just forgot to write the post. HOLI COW REALLY?!! Remembered an hour before - and I really wonder how. AND I was making a card!! ha ha ha!! Phew occupied or what?! I am soooo laughing at myself right now!
By caring for the reality of the white race and for its very survival Romadanovsky was, of course, guilty of the greater crime, and the entire weight of the Russian state descended upon him.
So with that, to all you clam-mouthed whiteys, I hope you all had a lekker happy Saint Mandela day...Don't forget to tune into SABC 2 for yet another reminder!
During the live event, each of the anthology authors will be giving away one autographed book to a guest from the pre-registration sign-up who's attending! One of the books being given away is a Limited Edition Print Copy of "Love Bites" signed by all five authors!!
Then the phone rang. It was a number I didn’t recognise.
Mommy has taken me out a couple of times since she’s been able to drive. We both enjoy our car time together! I fall asleep as soon as she starts driving. I think it’s her singing voice that puts me to sleep. She loves singing a long to her GLEE soundtracks. I must say the music sounds so much clearer now that I’m out to enjoy it!
Enjoy ~ Kimerly
Men Killed by Hex - 2, the Turner twins
The backing paper was made from a piece of patterned DP which was then given the embossing ink through a mask and PanPastels turquoise added and fixed, then over-stamped with a dotty stamp using fresco finish vintage lace paint.
People, get ‘a ready. Jesus is ‘a comin’!
1324 **D-X/8/1999. “Challenges and Opportunities.” Memorandum to the American Bar Association Site Evaluation Team for the Loyola University of Chicago School of Law, Chicago, Illinois. (Incorporated in Item C-2001(5), above, pp. 116-31.)
Here it is, the last Studio project before I begin thesis. Drum roll please….. A Cohousing Community for a Philadelphia Neighborhood. This project is going to be designed for approximately 25 to 30 units, common spaces and outdoor spaces, and be located on Spruce and Juniper in Center City.
Weeding means you have to pay attention to detail and not pull up the good stuff or kill your roses – I do have roses around here somewhere. I’ve been yearning to sit at the desk all week; there will be lots to do at the scanner so I should be over there in my wheelie chair…and when I’m in poetry mode I want to sit at a desk and scribble in a pad. So, I will switch on my head to sort out this mess, flick on that little light and focus on clearing that space for me – the orchid, and then I can bloom.
There are other pressures on us, too. Pressures that have nothing to do with our writing but everything to do with the market place. In a squeezed market, there is more and more demand from publishers for novels that will sell. Books that fit into an obvious, popular genre - action, dark romance, whatever. A book that is perceived as 'too literary' is seen as problematic. The equivalent of the literary novel is a rare beast, and becoming more endangered by the minute. If one or two do sneak through, they usually turn out to have been written for adults in the first place and tweaked a bit in a bid to capture that holy grail, the crossover market.
Feels much more
I know, I know, another Oscar post lamenting the popularity of Avatar. But I watched District 9 again last night and 2 cents jumped into my hand so I’m giving it to you whether you like it or not.
As if The Hunger Games hasn’t made enough money, it will be re-released in IMAX theaters starting Friday. Apparently they’re trying to make it a real life game by having kids spend all their money on it rather than get a bite to eat.
Don't forget the HUGE kit promotion!!!
But meanwhile I need to go exercise. My protag has raised my blood pressure enough for one day.
It's the Litt Tak Branded Toys Warehouse Sale again from 8th till 12th June 2011! Mommy is a regular of this toy sale because Litt Tak is the distributor for Tomy brand of toys, more specifically Thomas and Friends toys. All the while, Mommy went to this sale alone, i.e., without Juan Or tagging along. Mommy loves to go for this sale because it is near to Mommy's work place plus the crowd and payment queue is far better than the crazy (and ugly!) and huge crowds seen in Hasbro, Fischer-Price and Mattel warehouse sales.
2) If they tell you that you really, really have to have one, and they give you the option of drinking the 4 liters of liquid or taking 8 pills every 15 minutes for four hours,
It needed a coat of something to harden it and create a better surface.
The causes for the uprising against the whites are too many to even mention in this article. The statement in the article above "atrocities that are not genocidal in their goals are often claimed to be carried out for rational reasons, e.g., promote ethnic cohesion, secure access to resources" applies to actual civil war situations and does not apply to the New SA at this point in time. We are currently experiencing actual genocide for the very purpose of promoting ethnic cohesion among blacks and for securing access to resources, which means taking everything the whites currently own. The Africans are on a destructive path and their motto is simply "I'd rather rule in hell than serve in heaven." They do not care for progress and stability, they just want what they think the whites have and they supposedly deserve.
Shannon is requesting a jury trial in this case. The number of dollars involved aren't named but I know that Shannon wouldn't be taking this to court over a few nickels and dimes.
"With great power comes great responsibility," someone said. "Spiderman."
I used a hazelnut liqueur syrup to lightly soak the sponge before it is filled and rolled. This helps keep it moist and adds a slight sophisticated flavour. You wouldn’t really be able to tell what it is, but it does make it taste that little bit more special. It made me smile that the rolled but unfrosted cake looked a bit like a submarine.
For those of you in the San Francisco Bay Area, don't miss out on an exclusive event hosted by one of my favorite paper store... Paper-Source. Please see below for details:
by giving the subject space in which to move.
But I’m gonna do it anyway. Maybe we can start a new blog trend (trend?), A Letter to Your Stalker Victim!
As a multidimensional human being, there are energies that emanate from, flow through, within, into and out of our physical body. Maintaining the free-flowing of these energies and keeping them balanced is the key to our well-being.
I’m not big on place. That doesn’t mean I’ve never been to places. I have. Loads. And what I learned from going to all those different places is that none of them is that different. I’m sure I inherited that attitude from my father who never wanted to go anywhere. He used to say, and I never argued with him, that “contentment is being happy with whatever you had at any given point in time.” He never said, “…and space,” but that was implied.
Many paper letters penned;
Not perfect but, here is the story.
Then comes the issue of HOW he found out he was suspended. Vilma was watching SportsCenter when he found out he was going to have to miss the entire upcoming season. Was he informed by the NFL or Roger Goodell before this was leaked to the media? Nope. How unprofessional is that? Goodell, I haven’t always agreed with you on certain things (like all the fines when DB or LB hit the strike zone but the WR or RB lowered their head before getting hit) but this is on a whole new level. You could not have handled this any worse.
· 1/2 onion, chopped (I use onions as well as some garlic to further enhance the taste)
Four years later, February still steals my breath and leaves me struggling to see the story the Lord is writing in our lives. February 2008 is probably the single most defining month in my faith and while it brings feelings of joy and love it also brings with it a sense of sadness.
From the valley and the mountain,
MADAR R, REPKOVA L, BASKA T, STRAKA S. Influenza vaccination – knowledge, attitudes, coverage – can they be improved? Bratisl Lek Listy 2003; 104: 232-235.
As a part of our anatomy
He realised that he was safe as long as the torch was focussed on the snake’s eyes. That was his only chance. But what if the torch moved a bit? What if his hand trembled?
With the increase of awareness, comes the higher perceived value. Promoting a customer on a certain products increases their feeling of self-worth; feeling that they are worthy enough to be offered a discount. They psychologically feel important to your company or organization, and in turn, are more likely to purchase what you are trying to sell. For example, being on the mailing list for Payless Shoes, you are offered weekly incentives and are kept up to date on the promotions they hold on a regular basis. By taking part in the mailing list, the customer feels as though they are part of a select and chosen group.
Sung while we sleep through infinity.
BTW- Next picture is from Urban Infidel. U.I caught Tracy on November 8 (Day 53) still carrying her suggestive sign (having added a jacket with a similarly rude message).
After a couple of searches on the internet (thanks Google!) I discovered that I was preparing the pans wrong. Angel food and chiffon cakes rely on the whipped egg whites for their height, and if you grease the pans (which I was doing, like I normally do for regular cakes), the cake has nothing to grip onto for stability while rising. And so it will collapse. Aha!
I didn’t know about the role Robert Moses played in not letting the Dodgers build a new ballpark at the Atlantic Yards.
I wonder what prompted Miss Aniston to let her puppies pose for the camera. Could she be worried that her image is too goody-goody, like Julie Andrews? On the whole, I think it’s a sign of desperation when a famous actress bares her breasts in anything other than a French film. The French, being French, know how to integrate the female bosom with dialogue and plot in an entirely naturalistic way – you never feel like a peeping tom when a pert pair of dumplings appears in their movies. In a Hollywood flick, by contrast, the boob shot is obviously a scrap of meat thrown to the hounds.
victims, or the evil person dances to death
fenders may be substituted. Rear fenders may not extend beyond
I didn't know how to answer my wife at the time, but maybe, after writing all this, I finally can: "No darling, I didn't win, but I might have learned a little something about myself. Perhaps that's better than winning."
3) Or for that matter, hire Demi Moore to act in a film?
COLORING MEDIUM: Copics: used for coloring the Penny and her Teddy: E50 - 51 - 39 - 37 - 33 - 31 - 21 - 19 - 04 - W3 - 1 - 0 - V15 - 06 - 01 - YG63 - 03 - R30 - and a with gelpen.
My current obsession has been the wall shelves for books that are all over blog-land.
I'm more interested in what artists have to say than in looking at their work without any commentary. The blog fleshes out the work for me.
is all I seem to have these days.
Almost there... The two armies measure each other from across the river. The Scots are deploying defensively, ready to repel the norsemen back to the river. The vikings are deployed in a long, thin line and cry out "Til Valhall"!
Whenever they say ‘Czechoslovakia’, I would comment, “But they are two countries already!”
International Space Station resident and flautist Colonel Catherine Coleman is one such brave new worlder, and last year, perhaps as the result of a Craigslist ad (“looking for musicians to jam with—have rehearsal space”) found someone to play flute with—an aging popstar fellow who shared her appreciation of the cosmonaut’s journey and “our rocket heroes”, and they performed a duet:
My phone just rang three times. I just got five new email messages. Three are things I need to opt out of. Two are for making plans over the weekend. Two of my peeps just walked up to talk about stuff I missed during their lunch meeting.
Melissa and I met one afternoon at a Starbuck's to come up with some ideas. I found some "French" themed props at local stores that I thought would be fun to incorporate for the shoot. I loaded my SUV with them along with lots of items that matched the color palette. Between Melissa and I’s home decor, props, pillows, and more….everything truly came together just beautifully!
2). WHAT THE TRANSFIGURATION OF JESUS REVEALS ABOUT US
4 - extended family & friends
Mixed Fish
Tomorrow: Lasagne and chips
I did surface briefly last night, however, to participate in a charity fundraiser at the British Embassy here in Paris. It was such a good night and for such a good cause, that I have even broken my self-imposed blog embargo to share a little bit of it with y'all.
15. The Heretic Anthem
No calories were burned, but this apple tarte tatin makes you not to worry about that.
Well to kick things off with a flying start Ted invited both candidates along at the same time. I knew he couldn't get it right for very long.
2. Chilling it after it has cooled a little might make it easier to unmold. If you do chill it, the chocolate-peanut butter layer in the middle will solidify to become almost like fudge. If you choose not to chill it, it might break just a little, but you'll have the benefit of enjoying a nice melty, gooey layer of chocolatey-peanut buttery goodness. It's a win-win situation either way.
To travel through the countryside
And the calendar up on the wall says it’s ninety years on
Yes, officially call me enthusiastic about my papers. OK…obsessive-compulsive.
and it feels strangely liberating.
- Whirled. That’s the agency that did “Every Cigarette Smoked in Mad Men.” (This is also the agency of Joe Sabia, who interrupted Angela on gchat mid-podcast with something to the effect of, “GIVE ME A SHOUT-OUT! YOU WON’T, YOU’T,” followed by what he promised would be a haiku but was actually just a bad joke. ;P WE LOVE YA JOE.)
We would chat a bit about the crazy weather, and I would tell you that it's been really hard on me. I've been uncomfortable in my skin, literally. A side effect of my migraine medication is that it makes it hard for me to process changes in body temperature. Since Mother Nature has given us a winter with temperatures all over the map, I'm having an even harder time keeping things stable. I itch everywhere, and I tingle when I'm not itching. Showers have become unbearable and I spend most nights tossing and turning. All I can do is count down the days until Spring weather arrives, and hopefully with it some relief.
Something happened recently. For the first time in... like..... ummm... 24 years. The Silver Fox came training with me. Actually he was giving me some pointers on running. From an observer's point of view. We went running yesterday with the puppy (to tire her out. Kids. Dog. Same same) and he said he could hear me "panting like a dog". Doesn't mince words my Silver Fox. I had my ipod going, ironically to distract me from hearing my breathing. As usual.
This image really was so much fun to colour. I used Copic markers, details are below :)
After present opening in the morning, me, Kates and Peggy went to pick up her dad and brother so we could head on back to mine. I was a little nervous as I would be hosting and cooking all at the same time. I had never done this before and was conscious that I could screw up everyone's Christmas if it went wrong. When we got to mine, I opened the door and was greeting by my cat Dotty running up to greet us as she always did. When she saw that her favourite dog had come round to visit once more, she quickly did a mid-air somersault and ran off to spend all of Christmas asleep on top of my fridge.
Featuring Robert Downey Junior, Mark Ruffalo, Chris Hemsworth, Chris Evans, Jeremy Renner and Scarlett Johansson, the release date of Avengers movie in India is April 27, which is a week before its release in US.
HMRC, however, recommend that the rest of us, the peasant underclass of modern Britain, continue to file online even if they don’t use the internet – an interesting idea in itself. Charon is a phantasm… he is a figment of imagination and does not, therefore, have to file a tax return “qua Charon”.
Yesterday over 30 supporters were arrested outside a Moscow City Court theyare facing a possible jail term of up to seven years...... supporters include prominent artists, muscicians and activists, organised a protest festival outside the court, where a carnival atmosphere took place..... with people carrying balloons and chanting the words ' freedom', before things decended into chaos.The band members were refused bail and will be kept in jail until June 24.
While the population of strays is undoubtedly large and growing, the dogs are not dangerous: there is no rabies on Mauritius, and the strays shun human contact.
I’m transitioning next month to a language school in order to escape my present job as prostitute for Avantgarde Sales & Marking / Volkswagen. And during this time, I’ve been mulling over a few ideas that I’d be able to write about, so I would be able to create a sort of storyline that I can formulate into a few blog entries / collection essays / perhaps a book. The real question is whether or not the idea(s) are even worth, but I guess that’s the real test of writing: every idea is good … it just takes a great writer to make it interesting for others.
1-2 – Bring Your Girlfriend to Meet My Mother. Good Marriage Material certificates and medals for all successful candidates. Clean under your nails lads – you have been warned!
What has God delivered you from today? Comment below so we can all share in the celebration!
The things they didn't tell me at my baby showers! Don't switch toilet paper if you have kids.
Depending on the number of warranties you have, you might want to create additional categories. Does your car or boat have a warranty? Is there one for your home (if you bought a newly constructed home, there should be a warranty on the house)? If you have expensive hobbies, you might want to dedicate a special section in the binder to those items as well.
Then, let’s add phosphorus, just for kicks. It is a chemical element and a atomic number 15. It is in those inorganic phosphate rocks over there. That way humans can really be light-bearers. (Did you know that the first form of elemental phosphorus to be produced, white phosphorus, in 1669, emits a faint glow when exposed to oxygen? So human beings really are light-bearers!) When Greek mythology comes around, people will refer to phosphorus as the “light-bearer.” Even the term phosphorescence means, glow after illumination. The vast majority of phosphorus compounds will be used for fertilizers, so it should also help the human to grow. Chuckle, chuckle.
Prep:
Some cones also contain little slips of paper saying:
Acupuncture
I think of all the books on her list, I am most curious to read The Image.
Pros: He’s minted, got a stable job, nice place, he seems like a real gentleman
If you've arrived here from France's wonderful blog, then you're on the right track. For my card, I used the adorable cat with mouse from Kitty Kapers 2! So fun!!! I LOVE his big, happy grin!! He's so proud of the gift he's presenting!! He's stamped with Memento ink onto X Press It paper and colored with Copic markers.
much to the delight of art lovers everwhere i havent posted a writing blog in a long time. ive been very quiet lately in my blog and personal life. have no interest in calling or seeing anyone. or sharing my thoughts. and im totally ok with that. wondering how long the quiet phaze will last. the end.
Le CentQuatre
And note his five-letter message to me . . .
It was not white Englishmen who tore a frightened 15 year old child from his friends and his loving family, it was Asian immigrants who did that and who put him through hours of terror and inflicted tortures on his young body which we can only start to imagine. To satisfy their hatred, his future was stolen, Kriss will never become a lover, a husband, a father, a grandfather or anything else that shyly handsome innocent young boy ever dreamed of or hoped to be, and they did it to him for no other reason than that he was white.
Cornered, broken, trapped, Sir James crumbles and confesses all. He murdered Roger Balfour just as Burke and his crew have seen him reenact the crime tonight. He murdered Harry Balfour with a poison injection to the throat for fear that Harry would discover the proof of his wicked life that he could not find before -- and worse, would take Lucy away from him. He tried to do the same to Hibbs to get him out of Lucy's life, before Yates/Burke's intervention sent him fleeing for his life.
Utter fascination. Pure admiration. Delighted.
Our model until now has been to use money as a substitute for social power.
your thighs
But with danger closing in, Mencheres must choose either the woman he craves, or embracing the darkest magic to defeat an enemy bent on his eternal destruction. From Amazon US.
We started planning for our Time unit in math yesterday. Time and money are 2 of my favorite math units! When I introduce the clock to my kinders we'll make a clock and on the hour hand we'll put a picture of a turtle to illustrate how an hour goes slow. On the minute hand there is a picture of a rabbit to illustrate that minutes go faster.
Crumpets.
The plot pressed forward. It was a decent story, but when played out with this budget, costumes from a Halloween store, sets from a community theatre troupe, and this sad display of both over acting and under acting, it was clear that it was going to fall short, no matter who is in the cast. Still, Starkwell and Lovelock paid attention, laughing loudly at Corbin Bernsen’s boobies.
Researchers in the U.S. asking the question, Does medical insurance type (private vs public) influence the physician's decision to perform Caesarean delivery? concluded that "No significant disparity was found in the odds of Caesarean delivery between privately insured and Medicaid patients in Michigan after adjusting for other Caesarean risk factors. A positive disparity would have provided de facto evidence that financial incentives play a role in physician decision-making regarding Caesarean delivery."
I told him it wasn't about completing my chores for me. The help I want goes like this: Share with me what would make you happy,tell me what you want to see done. In all aspects of our lives,not just the chores. And then for goodness sake and for the sake of motivation hold me accountable.
This is more a category than a single thing, but I always, almost immediately, regret boasting.
Directly juxtaposed with that, there's the movement for what's become known as "Free-Range Kids" (see links at start of post). In free-range parenting, much like free-range chicken raising, ones chicks are encouraged to roam unrestricted. Sometimes metaphorically. Anyway, the point is that your dog is penned up and your kid is loose, or the dog is in a stroller and the baby's on a leash, or one of them is wearing the others' booties. They're also probably both drinking from the same water dish and likely sharing a biscuit.
Speaking of yesterday, I did an extra 30 mins elliptical and some abs and it was good. I'm hoping I see some changes this week. Hey I'm up to 7.5 miles a week (running) that's not toooo shabby :) Next week will be more then the next week will be the 5Ks. I'm possibly cutting out intervals altogether just to be able to do the time jogging "easy".
3. I am grateful to be able to turn my dreams into my reality.
Black Tea: 99 ｰC (210 ｰF), 2–3 minutes, 2-3 infusions
When they sit in front of me, arms wrapped about each other, as we debate some point of salvation, I have to confess I’m uneasy. But I still think they are the best for each other. God’s ways are much more mysterious than I can figure out.
Saturday I lost my wallet with all the cash I had in the world at the time. It actually happened Friday night but I didn't realize it until Saturday morning when I needed to be some where to help a friend. I searched high and low and never found it. That was bad news until the phone call came in late Saturday it was at the post office. I got there, as soon as I could but no one would come to the window to help me out. I had to borrow money to get to San Jose that night, but it all worked out. Picked up my wallet today from the post office and all the money was gone. That is going to put a serious cramp on Christmas and paying the bill, but I will figure something out.
Of course, I also had to have the yellow notebook with the vintage-looking roller-skates on the front, accompanied by the words "Go. See. Do." And just like that, my simple $4 purchase had somehow become $20.
where I will appreciate art for the first time,
I guess the answer lies in 'being' again. I need to stress less and try to control things less. It's hard - every fibre in me is screaming to come up with a plan and work it all out, but I know that each time I do, something else turns up to tell me the world has different plans.
PAIN HURTS...
Atwater Crossing is a strange and wonderful place -- 2 blocks of industrial buildings house creative offices, artisanal manufacturing facilities, locations for photography and film shoots, and theaters, and the events there are eclectic and funky. The area surrounding the Kitchen portion includes a small screening/performance room, a wine and beer bar, and that courtyard dining area with a couple communal tables, as well as a bunch of single-party ones.
1* From this lace I only used the fabric, it was a real measuring, because the fabric was not wide enough. For axample, the panties is out of 5 pieces, but you do not see anything of that.
It is designed to be easy to do at the child's pace. The available teacher's manuals lay out easy lessons and review to do with the child at the beginning of each chapter. The optional flash cards are well worth the cost, as they are called for in most lessons. After the lesson comes multiple pages that review each specific concept. Each book also contains both a pre and a post test, helping both parent and child see how much progress has been made.
Anyone wanting the full package can contact me using the e-mail address in the sidebar.
09-21 Raleigh, NC – Raleigh Amphitheatre #
I had probably passed by her a hundred times before today. She worked just down the street and I definately passed there everday coming in or on my way home
Expect plenty of shots of Broncos owner John Elway with a sad face on Sunday. If there is anything a Browns fan watching the game can take solace in, it is a sad Elway.
There Was an Egg
6) Printed vintage valentines. (Just print and cut out!) You can download and print those for free from here.
Last year I made these little hearts to hang from our light during our Valentine's Day dinner. This year I gathered them up into a bunch and tied the yarn into a loop at the top so that they can hang on a doorknob.
"Head off down there young man. When you see my paw drop....you run and you fight!"
5.) I have tatoo ideas for "in memory" of my parents should anything ever happen to them while they are on the job. Most people think it would be strange or weird to have things planned ahead for such incidents but don't realise that each time they go to work I may not see them again. I came to terms with the fact that my parents could be taken from me at any time when I was very young(I'll talk more on this tatoo idea another time.)
This is a Very Good Thing for the Water Cooler and should be well worth the minor discomfort of going without our online community for one day.
My pics aren’t the best so don’t laugh! I was supposed to start the meal plan I purchased on Sunday…….. leave it to me to start all late and stuff BUT in my defense I didn’t go grocery shopping until today….. So for dinner we ate Tuesday’s meal, Wings with Apple Celery Slaw. It was surprisingly good. I was a little worried about the slaw, but it was pretty good too. My only complaint is my hands still smell like celery! LOL!!!! The girl loved the wings she told me “these are great mom! I can’t stop eating them.” The hubs seemed to enjoy them as well. The boy is in this picky eater stage so he ate a PB&J.
Okay, okay – I know you people don’t come here for a bunch of pictures of my just having a good time!
Sebastian Hardie were different – the passion and power were certainly there, but the flavour was more European, with less of that Celtic/Delta skin and bones to it. Their sound seemed to mirror the hugely popular UK and Dutch rock bands such as Holland’s Focus and the UK’s Barclay James Harvest.
The first thing that grabs your eye as you walk towards Good Thai are the beautiful wooden chandeliers hanging from the ceiling which are visible through the glass entrance. The rest of the interior design of the restaurant is just as luxurious as it appears from the outside – there is a gold leaf tree emblazoning the wall above the front entrance and sleek polished wood furnishings throughout the restaurant. We are told that an award winning agency has designed the restaurant and that the owners have sourced all ornamental decorations from Thailand itself for that added authentic touch. There is a clear elephant theme everywhere in the restaurant from their elephant logo to the cute wooden elephant candle holders on the tables.
First, I acquired Jose Bautista and Matt Joyce for Giancarlo Stanton and Jose Altuve. I had been shopping Altuve for a while since he’s surplus at MI. What I get back in return is a buy-low super stud in Joey Bats and Matt Joyce, who’s numbers are projecting out to be fairly equal to Stanton (but with less Ks). Since Bautista has the 3B/OF eligibility, he can fill in at many slots.
I have written a lot about the first -- particularly in reference to the fads and fantasies of digital marketing.
I AM THAT I AM. Ex. 3:14
With my eyes I drink in the mother’s reproachful glare. Her narrowed eyes and pulled in frown. Her body position. Her stance. Her little girls head pushing into the back of her legs. The crossed arms and slip knot lips. A surge of adrenalin pulls my body up form it’s crouched position. Heart racing, muscles tensed. Fight or flight responses kicking in. Time slows down and stops. This moment now suddenly a split second frozen in time. Hanging silently in the air between. us
After an exciting but exhausting weekend in the showroom, it’s time to ditch the fluorescent lights and test some hardgoods on the snow. Off to Winter Park for the on-snow demo.
The more I think about it, the more convinced I am, that with what my eyes have seen, if I was a single, middle aged woman, I’d probably remain crouched by my bed side everyday praying to God that the right man finds me, until then I won’t be taking on the responsibility of looking after a child… there are too many broken kids out there to risk adding one to their number.
I was recently sent “Uncle Sam’s Plantation” written by Star Parker and published by Thomas Nelson. I received this book and read what I already felt was true. She, Ms. Parker, drills down to the core the reality of the Welfare system and the prisoners it keeps.
Posting to:
he took hold of her
my little brother with me,
The added weight of the album’s punch is, no doubt, due in some part to Black Keys’ guitarist, Dan Auerbach. If you have enjoyed anything the Black Keys have ever done, then this album was personally designed just for you. It could even be argued that Auerbach’s singing style on Keys’ albums is loosely based on that of Dr. John (it’s actually based off of Junior Kimbrough, but he and Dr. John sound eerily similar). The pairing of the two men seems so obvious that it can’t believe it took until 2012 for them to come together. The gritty blue-collar sound of Auerbach’s guitar is the perfect compliment to Dr. John’s growls. It’s almost too good to absorb sanely on seedy jazz track, “Revolution,” or on the nasty blues jam, “You Lie.”
Buff: Paris, I'm no prude, but it's undignified and maybe even unsanitary.
The biggest challenge to Lukas should come from Texas as Craig Lutz looked great at the South regional. If Lukas is hampered by his Achilles look for Lutz, Brian Shrader AZ or Shane Moskowitz (WA) to sneak by.
What do you find most encouraging? The endless possibilities, meeting new people and learning more about the book blogging world.
2. Think Beyond the Click
不能拍照是吗？
If the U.S. government lifted all trade restrictions and embargoes at once, from Cuba to the Cote d'Ivoire, from Burma to Belarus, businesses would have real, tangible reasons to get over their skittishness and expand.
involved.
Hail to the Heraldic Bull of His Mother–Rejoice! You are praised!
Then I was graciously allowed about two minutes in TK Maxx - still no CK, think it's banned here - and then onto Reeves the Baker to get the gingerbread men. Mmmmm they were lovely, and don't worry I have one for my eldest for when she finishes school.
We are so excited and the best part is that Knox will have a big backyard to run around in... and it will be so much more fun for him when Michael buys Knox a sister! :)
I used a Self Closing Mock Ring with a Thrown off Ring. and joined to the core thread where the 2 chains come together at the bottom of the ring. and joined to the top of Split Ring 2 where I started the chain.
I don’t know why, but as a child I hated the name “Cassie.” I can’t stand for people to try to call me that now, either. I cannot remember what the trigger was, but I just don’t like it. Hate the way it sounds. Hate it. And it seems to be the FIRST name derivative everyone goes for. Why? LOL
Dhesi was Bibi’s “trusted friend” and related to Paramjit Singh Raipur, who was Bibi’s political confidant. A non-resident Indian, she was “keeping residence at Jasdil Mansion”. Nishan Singh, her personal security officer, was also related to her.
