What is this wonderful place Ruth and why in the name of god did they let you in there?
‘My work is not about comfort but in the engineering of the shoes there’s something that makes them as comfortable as possible.’
And of course I’ve thrown in a few extras to tuck into your belt:
Volunteer Mental Health Professionals, Bruce Funk of York County, Pennsylvania, and Alex Weinstein of Charlotte, N.C greeted the children at the Service Center. Funk spent some time talking to them and presented them with small Mickey Mouse toys to cheer them up. Weinstein then chatted with the older child and used art to help her work through her fears. Green received assistance to help the family get back on the road to recovery, and the little girls left the Center smiling.
Northern Rhône, France
It was back in 2009, in the summer holidays (December), when I read the entire HP series in 12 days. Yep, I had no life. Nope, I don't have one now. So as you can probably tell, I had a weird taste in music back then. I didn't like most the mainstream songs so I resorted to borrowing songs off my cousin's iPod and finding songs on TV.
This outfit is dressy enough for the office, but comfortable enough for errands.
at 7:15 and then go straight to dinner
To determine the location of the nut on the back of the leg, just slide the screw through the hole in the leg, then thread the nut onto the screw. Trace the location onto the back of the leg, then cut a mortise however deep you like (mine is an inch deep) in which to secure the nut. I glued the nut in place and trimmed it flush with the sides of the leg.
Recently, I was with my friend at M.A. Society near kaybees, where I saw a bunch of class 8 students discussing various things while smoking shisha. The way they were discussing various adult rated issues was kind of alarming and the worst thing was that all of them had bunked their tuitions and collected money for smoking shisha !
A simplified decorating scheme was looking more and more appealing. "What can I put back in the Christmas bins?" I asked myself.
Seems like I've had street food on my mind a lot this past month. And while Susan Feniger's STREET isn't the first place I would actually think of (as I grew up in HK and love authentic street foods - one would expect at STREET, foods adjusted for the American palate) - over the years the majority opinion with fellow foodies seems to have been that food is overpriced and underdelivers on taste. With the exception of Kaya Toast, which I was told is delicious (though still pricey). So when my friend 'Curses' pinged me about a Bloomspot deal - $40 for brunch and bottomless champange cocktails for two - I thought that was a sign that it's time to experience it first hand. We figured we'd get our money's worth in drinks alone!
We would like to say a sad farewell to Marilyn who has stepped down from the DT.. We loved having you on board Marilyn and we wish you all the best for your future travels.. xx
I can remember a sensation of blurriness in the air as I was painting, as if the edges of my experience were fusing into something else, perhaps the very borders of time fading away. Though I’ve never felt it again to quite that extent, I still recognize this gossamer-silk sensation during times when I am in a creative flow; I’ve even experienced it a few times as I’ve been writing this book. I don’t know what it means, and I can scarcely even describe it; I just know that everything takes on a different quality when we are in the flow, when time is sighing. When I asked students to describe their experience during the flow state, they shared some of the following
Finally, I remember one teacher, one of those more popular and cool ones that we students flocked to, telling a few of us how lucky we all were to have Mr. D'Aquila at our school. "He could easily get a job with IBM or GTE and be making real money," the teacher said, "but he chooses to be here because he believes in education and he believes in all of you. That's a gift."
It also turns out that when the casino fire alarm goes off, the glass doors into the hotel seal shut, presumably to protect the hotel from the fire in the casino. This meant that anyone wanting to use an ATM had to go outside, around the building, and into the hotel itself, then back again.
Outside the room, Bessie began making her way back to the desk, murmuring to the cats. A scream emitted from the room she had just left, and Bessie smiled with satisfaction. Her limp disappeared, and when she arrived at the desk, she turned off the "NO" sign that blinked outside with garish annoyance. "That makes five, my dears. Will the storm bring us a sixth?"
... and there are lots of ways to pick... a lot of cook books have dedicated chapters for soup, many have the soup recipes at the start of the books or, like me, you may have an entire book of soups...
I ask you, what is your reponse to God’s grace? What has it been? What will it be? I don’t think we are afforded any other option but worship: worship is the only appropriate expressive response to the grace of God.
Im also entering this to:
Take the chocolate mixture off the heat.
So Shelby asked me to do a mix based on the theme "The Future," and I thought this was a cool idea because Illogical Contraption rules. You think I’ll do a guest post for just anybody? This mix follows a loose narrative of cliché future stories by starting off with some sort of idyllic setting in which progress has been made (and continues to be made), and synergy and other similar concepts exist in cities.
I did just this, applying the running ‘like a bat out of hell crossing technique’ until I was safely deposited to the ‘right side’ of the pavement and reunited with my colleagues. Thankfully both I and my unsuspecting crossing companion emerged unscathed.
pps I am now on Twitter. You can find me at @george_szirtes
In that post I highlighted the iPad APP PhotoForge2. It costs $1.99....but I really like it.
Of course businesses are free to adopt their own policies to encourage and reward innovation and many have done so with the assistance of their IP strategy advisers. Its possible though, that without obligatory guidelines on remuneration as in Germany, board members may find it difficult to authorise modest payments to inventors at an early stage. The current mood of the country against the bonus culture, certainly assists here.
my mother, who is the most selfless person I know.
No success? Commence step 4.
You don't get a good sense of it from this screenshot, but so far, this character is even more absurdly and needlessly oversexed than the evil twins above. I won't give away the plot device, but for someone who should be, at least initially, fairly antagonistic toward Chuck, she is awfully flirty with him. Nevermind the huge chest, flawless skin, statuesque legs, and miniskirt; Ms. Chang's cloying voice and frequent, unprompted sexual innuendos are the primary culprits here.
Source : Municipal Art Society of New York
8) Arzak (San Sebastián, Spain)
Those were the recipients I chose. I know in my heart that ALL crafty bloggers put their heart & soul into their art and I really feel so many more are deserving of this blog award. So I propose you all help me pay it forward & pass this on.
Your journey will be smooth. You’ll have a great prospect (a pun: your career & a view over a landscape).
Let’s combine this with some empathy – and with relevance in communication.
Gardening can be down right disgusting at times, with a hint of discouraging and disappointing. The stem of the pumpkin plant has been eaten by some type of bug, maybe ants. When I pulled on it slightly the stem became completely detached. I am not sure if I should have left it down, but I pulled the whole thing up and chucked it into the compost pile after I pulled the two pumpkins.
The strange statement made in one of the Stanzas: “The Songs of Fohat and his Sons were radiant as the noon-tide Sun and the Moon combined;” and that the four Sons on the middle four-fold
Auntie Momo
How to get there: I took the train to Richmond (from London Waterloo or Clapham Junction, with South West Trains), but could also have caught the District Line or Overground. Then, from the bus stop just outside the station entrance, I jumped on a 65 bus towards Kingston, alighting at The Dysart Arms; the 371 runs along the same route. The bus stop is adjacent to Petersham Gate, a pedestrian-only entrance into the Park. At the end of the walk, as it was a pleasant evening, I strolled from Richmond Gate down Richmond Hill back into the town centre, but if you’ve walked far enough the 371 stops just outside Richmond Gate. Alternatively, turning left and walking down Star and Garter Hill takes you to the Dysart Arms bus stop to pick up the 65.
-a guy on my stoop begging me to hang out with him and his girlfriend
— from The Face, by Jack Vance, p. 51 (DAW edition)
For Milena.
But... I think they're pretty darn good! And now it's old hat, so the 2nd grade ones should go much quicker!
Other highlights included: 1 Common Loon, 3 Merlin (40 for the season now), 570 Blue Jays, 1 Orange-crowned Warbler, 3 Lincoln’s Sparrows, 17 White-crowned Sparrows, 1 Summer Tanager, and 2 Pine Siskin.
I went back downstairs and went out to the Children's Garden and realized I hadn't prayed yet. So I prayed for Nate's safety, and doctors' wisdom, and clear answers. After I went back inside, it was only a few minutes before someone said, "Payne?" and I walked as quickly as you can walk without running through the maze of hallways to get back to him. He was whining and crying a little. The anesthesiologist said he did great. We got Nate to drink a little something, and he was supremely annoyed by the IV so the nurse removed it. We asked him if he wanted some crackers or something, and he said, "I just want to get out of here!" Hehe. He did not care about dinner. He just wanted to get back to the trains.
9. Always be honest with those closest to you
First of all, I have to confess that I finished reading The Great Gatsby over two weeks ago, but have just not found the time to sit down and write my review. I read this book surprisingly fast and found the general pace of the book to be quick. It seems to be a bit of a strange ‘classic’ to me. It certainly has something to say about the society in which the story takes place, but I’m not sure that The Great Gatsby taught me as much about life and people as some of the other classics I have read. Perhaps it’s because I live in a very different world to the one of Jay Gatsby that I find his story hard to relate to? …but I’m not sure that quite covers it.
Having three year olds makes you crazy and tired and neglectful of one's blog. But mostly it makes you thankful. I thought it fitting that I dust this old gem off on today of all days, me having a three year old now.
Another attractive feature of these kitchens includes its durability. Kitchen accessories of these types last for a long period of time if bought from an authentic dealer.
Convention Refugee
Had I been made aware at the outset of the vicious cut-throat world of workplace baking I'd have run screaming from the kitchen.
This giveaway will remain open for 5 days, after which the winning Him and Her will be chosen at random, and announced here on this post, so check back in to claim your prize. The winning bloke of course gets the Kerry and the winning lady gets the Tasche. If you don’t claim your prize by contacting me within a couple of days then a runner-up will be chosen to replace you.
The world is all a-buzz re: Pixar’s latest installment of wizardry, Brave, which opens in theaters on 6/22. Most famous for their imaginative shorts (Boundin’, anyone?) and a string of success thanks to Wall E, Up, and the Toy Story franchise, Pixar had yet to produce a film with a female protagonist until now, a striking contrast to the many princess-centered films of Disney. This story is an original Pixar fairytale, though the plot is reminiscent of Hans Christian Andersen and Grimm Brothers stories. Brave takes place in the Highlands of Scotland, replete with epic battles and folklore and a curse and a witch and a not-so-average princess named Merida, a fiery-haired, skilled archer who–I surmise–will save the day. With her bravery.
I would be sitting in math class, and then all of the sudden Leo would appear, wearing a loose button down white cotton shirt and snug, slightly faded blue jeans.
If an attorney wants me to seriously consider their arguments that my motivation is no good, they need to pick one piece of case law, and please, tell me why it applies to the particular circumstances of this application. Then I’ll be happy to consider the arguments.
It warns that children who experience parental breakdown are more likely to have poor life outcomes than those who grow up with both of their parents.
I've found that with just those two simple things...everything else just seems to fall into place. Yeah I screw up. But the nice thing about loving GOD is that in order to love Him the way He wants you to, you have to allow Him to forgive you your failures.
Further, paper-based institutions reel. The post office is bankrupt, or nearly so, and few newspapers are what used to be called going concerns.
Quite leisurely from the disaster; the ploughman may
THE INDICATORS:
1.) Place onions into a medium pot, and lightly brown.
Today’s digital waterproof camera models are not only able to withstand getting wet, but many also have true tough digital camera attributes including the ability to cope with freezing temperatures as well as knocks and drops for example.. Below are waterproof digital camera reviews of what is considered by many to be the best of the bunch. There are many well-known camera brands each offering their own tough digital camera models.
“In the presence of an infringement of copyright or a neighbouring right due to [“occasionné par” in French] the content of an online public communication service [a website], the High Court, ruling in the form of référés [ a specific form of legal proceedings] may order, upon action by rightsholders [or representative bodies] any measures appropriate to prevent or put an end to such infringement against any person capable of contributing to remedying the situation.” The case-law on this provision is not exactly legion. The Court of Appeals of Paris handed down a decision on 3 May 2011 in which the provision was relied upon against Google Suggest and its habit of suggesting terms such as “torrent”, “megaupload” and “rapidshare”; the Court held that the requirements set out by the provision were not satisfied in that Google Suggest was merely a tool and was not itself the source of infringement as required by Section L.336-2.
Add your flour to your butter and vegetable mix and mix well. Let that cook for about a minute, or until it starts to smell nice and nutty. Don't let it burn of course! Slowly, start adding your vegetable stock, whisking as you add it. I used 3 cups of stock and a little more here and there - you want a nice thick sauce, but not too thick. So add more stock as you need it to get the sauce to the right consistency. Add in your shredded pork, and season the gravy to taste with the salt, pepper, and thyme. I used garlic powder in this, you could of course use fresh garlic if you'd like. Turn the heat down to low, and let the gravy cook with the pork in it until the potatoes are tender.
For some weird reason I'm obsessed with vases.When we lived in a high rise in a different city we had space above the kitchen cabinets. I used a bunch of vases to decorate the space. I don't think I have pictures of it but it looked pretty darn cute.
Now given the nature of my blog, I typically only consider food-related reviews, but when I was recently offered an opportunity to review the online dating site eHarmony, I jumped at the chance.
SO -- to start things off I'd like to say that I am so thankful for my three wonderful children and all that they have taught me.
It’s quite a feat. We have the best spooky set-up possible (short of the story taking place in an abandoned, haunted mansion) and the story generates no tension, no fear, no sense of unease. While everyone is trying to find a place to hide (the Doctor’s theory is that the siren is traveling via the water that on board the ship) and allegedly afraid (you know this because they’re screaming and running and not because you feel any real tension), the Doctor and pirate Captain Avery trade barbs about who’s in charge and who’s ship is bigger.
be alone
While I may be a bit incapacitated right now, the blog must go on! Kate went out and took the pics for me this time. As you can see it is nothing exciting, it's all just a bit bigger if anything. The food dehydrator is working on a full batch of basil right now and earlier this afternoon (after these pics) a friend left with a big bag full of stuff.
While the veggies are cooking, boil the pasta until just done.
And it's important that you remember this. People don't owe you a thing. They don't have to put up with you while you put your shit together.
But thinking back on it makes me wish I had held her accountable for her rudeness. I don't know if she maybe thought she was speaking more under her breath, or what. I got the idea that she wanted me to hear her expression of frustration with my choice to shop right behind her the way I did.
After I started working on a few printable designs for the shoot, I was having so much fun with the theme and decided to create an entire printable collection. I am SO excited to finally share all of the beautiful photos captured by Dorean. Everything turned out perfectly. Although we were working on a hot Texas summer afternoon, we had an fantastic time!
Capricorn is spotted gray
"Thanks" he continues. "They had sword(fish), tuna, and some other stuff, but this looked pretty fresh. Plus, we like to try new things."
It has been a long time since I last posted anything on my blog. I am afraid I have been too busy with other things. If we haven't been DIYing in the house I have been in the study with clay creating another wedding topper. (More info can be found on weddingsofclay.co.uk)
After our breathtaking ride, we easily bribed the kids with ice cream and took advantage of the wine tasting that one of the shops offered. Then our hard-core retail therapy was back in effect. 9.5 hours in total. I’d say our kids earned their Pro badge.
view that is very elegant style and look professional, this template-style
In college Julia has to have surgery. Obama lists her age at 22 and lucky for Obamacare will force insurance companies to cover her on her parents insurance. You see they think that republicans don't send their kids to college. If she is a full-time student 22 and under she was already covered by her parents insurance. Or if whatever reason she wouldn't be covered her college offers very low-cost insurance plans that would have covered her surgery. Details, details.
Journalists who spoke at the event were naturally careful to blame all their problems on the "occupation."
Thurs 4:10-6:00 pm
Elizabeth George is a bestselling author who has over 4 million books in print. She is a popular speaker at Christian women's events. Her passion is to teach the Bible in a way that changes women's lives. For information about Elizabeth's speaking ministry, to sign up for her mailings, or to purchase her books visit her website: www.ElizabethGeorge.com
do you know how many times DiGi has completely screwed me up??
In the meantime, daddy is here, and he's having loud sex with this hippie-chick (not much older than me) that we met at a brunch spot in Topanga Canyon.
NOTE: The words of a man’s mouth are as deep waters, and the wellspring of wisdom as a flowing brook. Proverbs 18:4 KJV
Your involvement is strongly encouraged and your responses very much appreciated.
Disclaimer: Investing isn’t for everyone. It involves a little research, a little learning, and depending on what you choose to invest in, maybe a little management time. Your age and financial state play a massive role in it too. When you’re young you can afford to make a few mistakes with your retirement fund, but as you get older you don’t have as much flexibility. As a rule, when you’re young aim for high return, high risk investments. As you get older slowly move the money across to lower risk (low return) investments. This works brilliantly with the compound interest growth as you can quickly build up the capital when you’re young, so that when you’re older, even low return investments still produce a considerable wad of cash. For example, since I’m young, I have most of my investments in the Chinese market and in Australian mining & resource companies which are riding the chinese boom. As I get older, I will start directing the returns from these investments into property, cash funds or stocks in safer, big brand name companies like Intel, Coca-Cola and Microsoft.
You had that connection with all them people. If you had a really good bunch, as I did on many occasions, that level of unity in the coach was fantastic, a real sense of enjoyment and excitement for knowing some shall be travelling again very soon with you.
One of the old guard, please tell me if this is a new or an old problem. I think it’s gotten worse over the last few years, but it might just be that, as a young fan, I’ve only just started noticing it as much as I should.
Yeah, I'm a little insane about organizing stuff like that. The more things in my life that I can't control, the more obsessed I get about organizing my house.
With White: Body
As I was driving down the highway, trying my best to stay awake with 3 hours still to go, I felt the pressing urge to pray. So I did. For 2 straight hours. Aloud with tears streaming down my face.
regarding my blogs. It is easy for me to spread it out between blogs...
My name is John.
Competition has trumped value-creation. In this and other ways, the competitive arena undermines innovation.
But as local interest grows in this seldom-seen type of security, similar to preference shares, investors should consider some of their potential pitfalls, as well as the attractive returns.
The provincial government, he added, has now included the project for resuming of excavation at Gor Khatri in the Annual Development Plan of new budget and work is going to start soon.
Two iPhone photos I took after the show (the videos above were also done on my iPhone), The first photo is of my son who performed above, and the other of his father and our youngest son... (who played in the volleyball sandpit the entire show. :)
But it comes at a price: if she doesn’t figure out how break the
Below is a report from VOA news on April 02, 2012:
i can see how you might think that!
“They were very professional and helpful. We could not complete the transaction without them.”
The exact outcome depends on the child's innate personality. A child who is more sensitive or eager to please might internalise the above as
As I have argued at length elsewhere, that is the real program of any Leftist. But Mussolini had the honesty to be upfront about it. Quoted from Carsten (1967, p. 62).
Dip into the unconsciousness well of your own disowned darkness
So that I may see them glisten.
The wonderful weather continues! Actually, it rained a little here on Monday, but the sun came out and the rest of the week looks clear and warm! You can even see the buds on the trees starting to come out. We've had a very mild winter. Especially for Northern Canada!
Ben
So lately I haven't tried to "market or sell" my art really, because I haven't felt able to define it. This has been kind of scary and weird for me ...but at the same time I know it is necessary to take this break.
Sail through the air of June.
her pearlescent high heeled shoes
Vote 3rd Force instead! : KITA, JATI, MCLM (whats left of it, but homophobes could find it a good party that has 20 candidates), PCM, Borneo Front, Konsensus Bebas, HRP/Hindraf and PSM maybe SUPP if SUPP wakes up (much like MCA/MIC and Gerakan will not) and perhaps SAPP and LDP . . . and any independent candidates as in the list below who can CLEARLY take up the above 3 items (not like mealy mouthed Pakatan who looks preferring to keep the entire term limitless, apartheid system ion place to benefit themselves) . . . :
ways of achieving this objective. I was not satisfied that these were not
3) Cook until a bit dry.Takes about 2-3 minutes.
During the 1990s, however, the monetarist gospel did make headway in Europe. But already, those whose dreams were larger than life were busy eyeing the goal of a single currency – as the precursor to a Federal State, the EU – or the United States of Europe. And here too – crucially, during the period 1998-99 – the reality of fiscal discipline as the underlying foundation of the euro was lost.
MINDSET-Time and Pressure Alternate Cover. Powder blue vinyl and a new cover designed by EV and limited to 40 copies only, they will be hand numbered and not available at any other stores or through the mail. Just on RSD and Just here!
Together, they open their doors every night from November to March and provide three meals to those who otherwise might go hungry.
My last example today is the last resort. If you just can't get rid of the streaks, then hide them in other ways. Make a mottled background like you see here by dotting on some color. Or, I showed how you can make a neat pattern by soaking an old, nasty rag in blender and dabbing it on. Either way is great for covering up the pesky streaks. I think I like this background a lot. Have a great day!
Or when a recruitment consultant calls up about a job. It's all good until he mentions the location, at which point you feel that horrible bloody pang. Because that's where his office is. Imagine bumping into him on the way to work? Pang. Imagine bumping into him and her in Pret. PANG. London's a big place, but EC1 isn't. And lunchtime's even smaller.
i think it started from neck tension.
Even with one away there seems to be no shortage of these on the line. The incredible rainfall that seemingly everybody else in the state has enjoyed has evaded us, with about 15mm falling on us over the course of the week. I do think our turn's coming though.
Lower Richland Sweet Potato Festival: If you love all things sweet potato, this festival is for you. Taste sweet potato ice cream and take part in a sweet potato baking contest. April 28. Hopkins, S.C. Visit: lowerrichlandsweetpotatofest.com
While the cupcakes were cooling, I stuck on the pies, with some garlic bread, the in-laws arrived for dinner. We all sat enjoying our pies (which really were delicious!!) and catching-up. When they left at 9.30pm our sides were hurting from regaling stories from over the last few years!
He moved from there to the mountain east of Bethel, and he pitched his tent with Bethel on the west and Ai on the east; there he built an altar to the Lord and called on the name of the Lord —Genesis 12:8
If you end up writing a masterpiece or finding a piece you’d like to share then we’d love to hear it…
8. http://klutzychef.wordpress.com/ for her matter of fact way of being, and writing and for her delicious recipes and lovely food photos.
I hope you guys will stick around..
Pyramids Of Glass Submerged In The Bermuda Triangle
I enjoy people
Qualification for the Ladbrokes Poker Cruise IV is available now, so do not miss out on being part of Europe’s biggest poker festival!
Gentle strokes across a canvas
To derive benefit from using ROE, you need to decide what your goals are, and how to measure your performance against them.
My next big “break” will be around Christmas, during which time I plan to be in Ohio with friends, and then to be followed by a trip overseas later this coming winter. I can’t wait.
Just one? Damn. It differs depending on where, when and who we're with. One of the best memories is of beer o'clock times while on holidays at Skala Eressos in Greece - sitting with friends in Rosie's Moon Cantina at around 4pm each day; eating tuna salads with divine feta cheese, and downing the first cold Heineken.
cilantro (optional)
This might sound mababaw but despite my ‘blowing’ figure, I love ICE CREAM just like anyone else. Granted that I haven’t tasted Haagen Daas as well as other Western-branded Ice Cream, the Ice cream brands I eat in my everyday life is usually Selecta, Magnolia, Nestle, and Binggrae. I prefer Magnolia and Binggrae better because the price are reasonable and you really get your money’s worth. Nagsawa na ako sa Selecta Ice Cream stick kasi yun at yun na lang ang flavor, kaya nag-go ako sa Magnolia Ice Cream Stick, andun pa ang favorite flavor kong bubblegum at strawberry (under Magnolia Fun Bar) and Sweet Corn (Pinipig Crunch). I enjoy Magnolia the same way I enjoy Binggrae. In fairness, I enjoy Selecta Pinoy Sorbetes stick in UBE and KESO. Same creaminess at 5 bucks.
The anti-monarchist denounced a plan backed by Tory Sir Malcolm Rifkind and Labour’s Jack Straw to rename the tower containing Big Ben the Elizabeth Tower as ‘a load of codswallop’.
Regardless of the pouring criticisms targeted at BN-led government’s attack upon unarmed demonstrators and also the press is disproportionate and excessive, and also undeniably in breach of the right to freedom of expression, Najib’s administration remains stubbornly persistent in its wrongdoing.
Keep me in your Prayers & I will do the same for all of you.
Planted by the hand of the Beloved;
Arms: BAD BOYS
He says that we're in the right place, but there's no water. Not this year.
To be sure, the President felt a need to reiterate the basic argument he has been making about the superiority of his plan over that of the Republicans and speaker John Boehner. And with Boehner's response it seems pretty clear that both sides have, for the time being, hardened their positions and solidified support with core constituencies.
Every since we bought a crockpot this winter, we've been experimenting with new recipes every Sunday.
On Friday, my last day there we walked around the Meatpacking district and I got to go into the store of my most favourite designer, Alexander McQueen.
To me Paul Smith has exactly the same sort of allure of Margaret Howell; both two designers who have such firm and consistent ideas about their personal tastes and create products that have a connection to 'real life' as the majority of us would recognise it. I like that Margaret Howell swims in the freezing cold East Anglian sea and that Paul Smith gets excited about what he loves and very importantly that he treats his employees so well (something I learnt from an ex-Paul Smith sales assistant I worked with back at Topshop). It's little nuggets of information like this that push along my interest in their brands and in all honesty might have just as much influence over me deciding that I'd like to buy something from their shops as any other factor. Of course their clothes aren't cheap but they come not just as an individual item but also with a clear idea in each case of Smith and Howell's likes and loves, sewn into the cloth just as plainly as the seams.
Presented by the PuSh Festival and Music on Main
ITG hasn’t listed their insert sets that feature memorabilia, but from the sell sheet it looks like there will be plenty to choose from. Single swatches to quad switches are littered throughout the set. Perhaps my favorite will be the “Net Prospects” which feature large pieces of uniforms
Arizona
They’ve only been taking piano lessons for maybe 6 months. I want them to come to enjoy it on their own. I’m trying to be careful about forcing it on them, pushing it on them but they have drum sets and guitars and stuff already. They don’t listen to me when it comes to instruction though.
I explained that the cookies and milk are away of saying thanks and that Santa knew he was thankful.
I’m talking about engaging with the text. I said it would take me 80 seconds to read Dave’s poem and on one level that's a fair enough assessment. I could look at every single word (okay I know we read in blocks of words but bear with me) and say that I’d read it but poetry is not like that. You can’t read it like you’re reading this, go, “Got it,” and move onto the next one. Last night there were four new poems in a group I’ve recently been invited to join and I felt burdened looking at them. I often feel burdened when online. Because the demands on my attention are great. I forgot to check Facebook a couple of days ago and when I looked around teatime I had 300 unread posts and I don’t have that many friends.
The world “Illuminati” is thrown around rather freely to describe the elite group that is secretly running the world. Most have a general idea of the meaning of the term, but are confused about the concepts and the ideas relating to it. Is the Illuminati the same thing as Freemasonry? What are their goals? What are their beliefs? Why do they act in secret? Do they practice occultism? Attempting to objectively research the subject can become an arduous task as most sources end up being either dismissive disinformation pieces that deny (and even ridicule) anything related to the Illuminati or, at the other end of the spectrum, espouse ill-informed fear mongering based on rumors and misconceptions. In both cases, the researcher ends up with the same result: a distorted version of the truth.
I was lucky enough to witness one the other day as he roared past me at 28mph, the four hooded occupants nodding away rhythmically to their song of choice. I was left somewhat bemused by the song itself, a mix of ‘Loving you is easy ‘cause you’re beautiful’ by Minnie Riperton and some kind of ragga drum and bass track. It was the aural equivalent of combining treacle and barbed wire. Not my cup of tea, but hey, each to their own.
It's what makes small towns so close knit and keeps a community strong.
Her new favorite phrase - 'but why, mommy?' We've hit that stage. She's so inquisitive and its not coming from a place of disrespect - she is honestly curious about WHY we do the things we do. But why can't I pour water out of the tub? But why can't I eat chocolate pudding for breakfast? But why can't I...
Sarah from Little Penelope Lane wrote a cute post last Monday about all the things she was happy about. loved seeing her do tricks on the trampoline :)
It would be extremely helpful if the folks at HathiTrust would reveal the steps they took to try and locate the rightsholder(s) of The Lost Country. What assumptions did they make? Whom did they talk to, if anyone? What references did they consult? Most important, what do they think a diligent search is? One thing is quite clear, and that is that a diligent search requires a diligent searcher. It can’t be automated. In many cases, it’s going to take time and effort and detective skills. And asking the publisher will only be one step in the process, which must involve looking at the publishing contract, and ultimately must include consulting with the author or his/her estate.
As strong as I may appear on the outside, I’m crumbling on the inside. As much as I’m all for things like marriage and relationships, there are times in life where one needs to get their self together. I’ve lost myself in every way possible, mentally, physically, every way. I’ve lost sight of who I am as a result of many factors including my personal life. Its changed how I interact with everyone around me and not for the better. After sobbing for a few days wondering how I got to this place I did a few things:
Why did you say the police had been called when clearly they hadn’t? Why did the driver tell us the Yarra Trams HQ were “having trouble getting through”? (Having trouble getting through to the police? What – for 45 minutes?) Why did we see a car with Yarra Trams livery before we saw a police car? Why did we wait around like a stale bottle of piss hoping something might happen at Clifton Hill if the police hadn’t been contacted? Why was a man capable of intimidating the magisterial Biff Pelican allowed to roam around on a tram roaring threats and abuse at passengers for an hour or more?
Zakynthos is a Greek island not far from the Peloponnese (part of mainland Greece). In fact, you can see the Peloponnese on a clear day. It is also close to Kefalonia, the setting for Louis de Berniere's wonderful 'Captain Corelli's Mandolin', which you may have read. (If you haven't, what are you waiting for?!)
There were worries about how it was possible to make a Norse God into a character that would fit in with the realism of the world established in Marvel movies that came before this. These such worries were put to rest as Chris Hemsworth took over the mantle and brought everything to the role. Over the course of the movie we saw this arrogant, war hungry young prince become a well rounded, real noble person as he fought to save his friends, both God and human, from his evil half-brother Loki.
PS; Great title, great tie, and for what it’s worth, Bunting was right about the poems.
It was beautiful, and well worth watching.
And now? Um, I kind of plan my weekends around running. An ultra friend recently set the date for her wedding, keeping in mind all the different possible ultras when she planned it.... and I totally understood why she did. My salsa dancing has fallen by the wayside. I have way too many people I want to invite for dinner (quite a few who are ultrarunners). I have a big idea about running the East Bay hills and then ending up at my house for a BBQ. All these things I would not have pictured.
You name what's worse: Milla Jovovich "acting," the name Leeloo, Gary Oldman's Texan accent, Gary Oldman's hairpiece, Gary Oldman's buck teeth, ancient eeevil in a hunk of rock, or Chris Tucker.
WTF??? Who the hell is screening my emails now? Fine, you are now the Easter Bunny. Have a hippity-hoppity day, weirdo!
Too many visits to Cornwall to remember finally reawakened my love of the coast and particularly of St Austell Bay, my home territory.
2 handfuls of fresh spinach, chopped
Lest you think these people are crazy as a loon, (which they are), here’s the official explanation from the Regime:
You don’t sing any more, or chatter.
Hedberg also made the roster for Sweden at the 1998 Olympics in February and the World Championships in May.
Tomorrow we hit lands end, st michaels mount and portreath. It's amazing the therapeutic effect being home has had on me. I haven't felt this good in years.
On the third day he will rise again.”
The seventh, and final, volume of the ‘The Honey Trap Files’ series, starring C.J. Mills, is now available to download FREE at Smashwords.
LET GO…Two little words that have the potential to weigh down heavy on the soul. Some say they have learnt it over time, some claim it to be a natural virtue as I wonder what to ‘let go’ and more importantly…how? Those who have learnt it, claim that this is indeed one of the most effective ways to achieve peace of mind.
In signing the waiver, Obama instructed Clinton to inform Congress of the move, on the grounds that “waiving such prohibition is important to the national security interests of the United States.”
After a brief stint at the Treasury Department, he was appointed by President Roosevelt as the Chairman of the Federal Reserve between 1934 and 1948. He stayed on the Board of Governors until 1951, when he resigned over acrimony between the Fed and the Treasury Department prior to the 1951 Accord. He also participated in post-World War II Bretton Woods negotiations that created the World Bank and International Monetary Fund. He later retired back to Utah to run his companies and write his memoirs, titled Beckoning Frontiers."
Your loved ones want to reward you with a special and memorable meal anywhere your little heart desires. This special outing is a much needed time out to relax, to sit back and be pampered, and wined and dined however you wish! Don't you worry your pretty little head about the logistics, getting their, cost, what to wear,etc...Just imagine all those details have been magically taken care of. So.........you know the drill, its your turn to choose your absolute favorite setting here!! I am so curious to see who comes out on top and just where it is you will be headed for your special Mothers day destination meal......
The biggest blow though, was that they had discovered that she had been found to have contracted cancer. Leukemia to be exact. Along with her other health problems, the cancer grabbed hold tight.
Burning Down the Houses
Since I've been living in France, Thanksgiving has unfortunately been a sort of non-event for me. Every year, when late November comes around, my sister travels to Illinois to be with my parents and I...well, I just feel homesick.
Therefore, I see why there is so much attention in regards to ‘managing the Millennials these days. The Millennials may not be as fragile or frail as some suggest, but they do need an occasional pat on the back, or more importantly a swift kick in the rear to get them headlining in the right direction.
Siva asked Gautama to ask him for a boon. Gautama then looked at the beautiful form of Siva and praised him once more. He joined his hands together in an Anjali (how you do a Namaste today), and he asked Siva to remove his sin. Siva was delighted to listen to Gauthama. He laughed and said, “You are no sinner, even sinners will become pure if they take one look at you. You have been betrayed by the other rishis. Even looking upon such people is a sin.” Gautama was so surprised to hear this. Then he bowed to Siva again and said,” No, they did me good, because now I have a darshan of you”. Siva was pleased again and gently said, “Make a wish!”.
Those with some jeans, black pants, black skirt, black boots, my Lucchese cowboy boots, some fabulous jewelry, something colorful, something funky and something sparkly, and there is my packing routine. Lately, in fact, I don't pack enough stuff. I've come full circle from packing too much to carry to fitting it all in a backpack. It's kind of freeing, but it also makes me wonder why do I have such a huge wardrobe if I wear the same damn stuff every day?
I feel like Lenny Bruce
No matter how good a woman’s plans, decisions, or communication, typically, at least one male in the organization will resist her strategies. Even if two men disagree, often there is mutual respect. This enables men to work together as long as they have common goals. The environment is different, when a male - female situation is involved.
MCCRC has been a vocal opponent of the Washington Metropolitan Area Transit Authority’s (WMATA) policy of random searches of passenger bags on its Metrorail system since they started last October.
Learned of paint
Envivio
But this weekend it looks like the midge fly fishers will be back in the game. Ruby Midges, camel Midges, harvester Midges and WD40s will be worth carrying. And don’t forget a collection of Anna K and Tailwater soft hackles.
I have tried to make the review request look as proffessional as I can, or at least as proffessional as PowerPoint can make it look. I started out with a list of reviewers offered under the resources portion of the blog: http://www.write2publish.blogspot.com/ (a great blog for self-publishers to follow, by the way). Most reviewers have other reviewer blogs they follow so a potential reviewer list can quickly grow into the hundreds. After I have a substantial list, I will post it here.
But behind eating healthily, you have to first understand why you have been overeating in the first place – addressing not just habits, but your emotional relationship with food becomes crucial if you ever going to be able to make sustainable changes.
The double cheeseburger offers everything your local fast food outlet does not. It's bigger than your head and comes with two all beef patties, tomato sauce and double cheese. There's no sesame seed bun but there are pickles, mustard, tomato and a crazy amount of mayonnaise.
I don’t know why, but today has definitely been a Monday! Simon has been cranky beyond bearing all morning and now this afternoon, he tried to do something to lighten up the mood. He thought he’d play a good practical joke. He put a rubber band around the sprayer hose handle at the kitchen sink. I went to do the dishes and of course was sprayed instantly. My initial reaction was to yell at him, but thankfully, the Holy Spirit stayed my vocal cords and I was in the process of remembering that I myself have wanted to lighten the mood around here. Just as I was approaching the ability to laugh with him about it, my Holy Spirit in the flesh (Micah) decided he would pipe in and pronounce judgment on Simon.
c. Jesus
Doesn't that sound interesting? I've always wanted to know more about intimacy, especially in Bible contexts. Call me weird, but I'm not joking! It's always been something that has been bugging me for a long time especially intimacy in the current world. I was offered to review it, but I know for a fact that I won't be able to write this review well. Coupled that with the fact that school is extremely hectic, I decided to pass on it! Oh well, maybe I'll buy the book!
Experimenting with the hybrid classroom. Many of our graduate students will be faced with the prospect of online teaching in one form or another in the coming decade. Very few faculty in our Department have experience with online teaching, podcasting, or the like. In Fall 2010, I decided to experiment with video-casting one lecture per week from my History 255 Survey of Colonial Latin America to gain in understanding of the mechanics of online and hybrid teaching. In addition to putting half of the lectures for the semester online, I produced response quizzes using Google Docs to track students’ participation in the online lecture. Students also had discussion sections for the more practical exercises in evaluating primary documents related to the course. By both mid-term and final surveys of the students, the use of online lectures for part of the class was very successful. Students complained that I packed more information into the video lectures, and they spent much more time watching and note taking than in the live lectures. From the experience of producing and delivering the online lectures, I also learned much about the technical and time demands required. From this experience, I know that I can better advise our graduate students on handling questions on online teaching on the job market.
It is this culture of fear that is controlling the press in northern Mexico. While there is not a great deal of direct censorship from the government in Mexico now, the press is far from free. Cartel censorship is enforced by acts of symbolic violence from the drug cartels, effectively threatening and intimidating journalists into silence in many cases. Tracy Wilkinson names this phenomenon narco-censorship, “when reporters and editors, out of fear or caution, are forced to write what the traffickers want them to write, or to simply refrain from publishing the whole truth….” Journalists are too often forced to choose between their journalistic ethics and their lives. In part, this is due to a trend described by Joanne M. Lisosky and Jennifer R. Henrichsen, that “[j]ournalists are no longer unfortunate casualties but primary targets in a flourishing climate of impunity.” Where journalist deaths or violence against members of the press was once considered an anomaly or an accident, journalists are increasingly becoming actively hunted in Mexico. The new era of drug violence has also eliminated some of the previous codes of conduct surrounding violence against journalists, ushering in a regime of extreme – and often unexpected – retribution. “[S]ymbolic or graphic violence has increased in recent years, whereby the cartels commit specific gruesome actions… in a way that is designed to send a message,” Weintraub and Wood note. The Committee to Protect Journalists provides one example of symbolic violence that is unfortunately becoming the norm in northern Mexico: reporter Bladimir Antuna García from Durango was found dead of strangulation with a note near his body reading “This happened to me for giving information to the military and for writing too much.” The cartels make no secret of killing journalists for writing “too much,” instead spinning the violence as an example for those left living to keep quiet or risk encountering the same fate. Farah says drug cartels “routinely threaten journalists with kidnapping, torture, and death if they do not follow the ‘narco code’ of conduct in disseminating or withholding information in accordance with cartel interests. The traffickers often carry out their threats in gruesome and public ways designed to reinforce the terror and further silence the media.”
Feel the tickling irritation
Unfortunately we can’t know for sure. As always, the condo marketer is keeping a lid on the details. Hop a trip to the website and you’ll get treated to a Flash animation with almost nothing in the way of info. As the tagline says, Crossing is a condo where life and style connect. Too bad it doesn’t intersect with substance.
Also I MUST warn you about 'High Spirits'. Half of the movie rocks, the other half is embarassing, it hits so many wrong notes. But the ghost story part is so compelling and haunting, it's stayed with me for 20 years.
I was quite shocked the Giants used their second pick on a wide receiver. After the departure of Manningham, I assumed that they would use in-house receivers like Domenik Hixon or Ramses Barden. The Giants took him because they feel he is ready to make an impact on the league. This will be exposed since he is playing along side two great receivers in Hakeem Nicks and Victor Cruz. The Giants GM Jerry Reese is comparing Randle to teammate Nicks in that they are both speedy players who can make the long grabs to put their team up. He will be a great third receiver since he is accustomed to playing in the slant. Nicks had this advice for his newest teammate, “grasping the whole idea of things and how we run things here, just making sure he’s accountable and able to take on everything that’s going to be thrown at him. It isn’t going to be a lot. We won’t throw too much at him, I’m sure, but just being a rookie, you know you have to come in and play the game the same way you’ve been playing it. Don’t put too much on yourself.”
Smuttynose owner Peter Egelston said the farmhouse is being moved 40 yards east to make room for the new 42,000-square-foot brewing facility. Building will begin in spring 2012.
Just a small collections of homes, a few businesses and churches on the shores of Bennett and Nares Lake, Carcross is an interesting mix of really old structures and some more new. Across the sound of water I noted many houses in great disrepair.
Great! Now let’s see…
Agnes went to Deadwood in September, 1877, to have a fence erected around Bill’s grave. She then stopped in Cheyenne and is said to have married her escort, George Carson. Records show that this remarkable lady was no longer 42, as listed the previous year, but 38 (we should all be so lucky). The gentleman in question was 29. While a certificate was filed, there is no record that the marriage actually took place. She is said to have retired and lived in Cheyenne but there is no further mention of the young man she was said to have married.
I would appreciate as many of you as possible attending Monday’s meeting and signing up to speak regarding this bylaw, or at a minimum, attending and supporting those of us who will be addressing the Board with our concerns.
From time to time, I wake in my bed after visiting someone else’s life, in a place so real you could touch it. These aren’t your average dreams where the giant lobster sits down in your kitchen and talks about your first grade teacher. This is different. These worlds are sharper, heartbreaking, breathtaking. I stumble through a doorway and find people I know and love, only I forgot that I had forgotten them. It is a vision that beckons, shimmers, then slams the door in my face.
2) I read it with greater and greater respect when I realised I was able to cure my diabetes through its knowledge.
for Columbia despite undistinguished grades at Occidental; he was told
a) First person: I chased the beer wagon.
I don’t have to defend myself against the charge of being biased or prejudiced against African-Americans, or somehow try to prove that I’m not racist in this post. You see, I’ve been a black person since about as long as I can remember. While my racial identity is not the equivalent of a racism “get out of jail free” card that some comedians would joke grants me total immunity from racism, I like to think that my experiences and my self-reflection help me to see the biases (both positive and negative) that I have, and recognize when I might be prone to making improper judgments or projections towards others based upon those biases.
Bashir al Assad's wife was pictured in the papers last weekend wearing Louboutins. Where on earth does Assad get all this money for designer shoes for his missus? I guess that as an eye surgeon he must do some private work on the side.
And to a man,
The week before elections a bridge in another city was caputured and the people in the cars were forced to evacuate and turn thier car keys over to the bad men (don't really know what to call them). They had machine guns and fired syronchinzed shots in the air claiming that this year things would change finally for Cameroon.
How do you menu plan? Are you a coupon clipper? Do you shop by the sales papers? Do you plan monthly meals? Please share your ideas in the comment section below.
Yet, as one can see in the above clip, it takes but a spark to draw the world together again. As the first fire is enkindled, note how Gandalf peers into the distance. Will someone see it? Is anyone watching? In the darkness of these days, is it possible that those who were stationed at the next beacon have bagged it and gone home?
At the first trial, a jury found Selsor guilty and sentenced him to die. But the next year, the Supreme Court declared the death penalty unconstitutional and seven years after that, Selsor was up for parole.
I was walking down the sidewalk which narrowed down to a little tree enclosed walkway and came up to a girl that was walking the opposite direction when I received a text with said tweet/catcall blaring out of my pocket. She looked over moderately creeped out as I realized that she thought I was catcalling her from like 3 feet away. Embarrassed, I stuttered in trying to explain:
As the lovely Maya Angelou says in the opening quote above, it is not what people say or do that sticks with me. Most of us can do anything as well as the next person or say anything as easily as the next person. But it’s how they make me feel that stays with me. Always the feeling. So Maya Angelou is right, at least where I’m concerned.
It doesn’t really matter
Just like the Tea Parties did.
wealth/nest egg
Multiculturalism in Canada
Kick scream and plead
At the conclusion of my lesson, Meghan went on to text me ten or fifteen acceptable ways to show my emotions (to save me from future emoticon embarrassment). Just to save you from the same, I’ll share her list with you (please note the lack of antiquated noses…. SO much cooler):
- 1/3 package firm tofu
CAS as it is, I stamped and coloured the image (the male carolers) directly to the card base and paper-pieced the ladies. Cut a two different size strips, stamped the sentiment (from the same set) and did some scoring using my Scor-Pal.
9.Ghee/Oil : 1tbsp
The Eat-Clean Philosophy is to eat 5-6 small meals a day that include a serving of lean protein and complex carbs. Also, the emphasis is on whole, natural non-processed foods.
So these are some items I'll be looking at this month, only if they're on sale of course, except for the Drawing Room Necklace. I chose items that I think may go on sale this month. As you can see, the majority of these are jewelry items, with the exception of the yellow cardigans and jeggings. Who knows...I may change my mind and end up spending my budget on something not even on this list, which is totally fair game (as long as I'm following the rules I've set for myself). Time will tell.
Collection of chain and boutique restaurants and delis, spanning three floors, ranging from Nick & Stef's Steakhouse, to California Pizza Kitchen, Tacone, La Petit Boulangerie and Taipan to Quizno's and McDonald's - surrounding a beautiful (for an office building) glass-enclosed atrium.
1 1/2 teaspoons chopped candied ginger
live too – something I plan on seeing for myself this month.
Let's move on now to the story from BBC London, reported locally too this week, that Barnet Council has sold off more public land than any other London borough.
“If it’s me who got me to where I am now, it’s also me who can get myself to where I want to be.”
--Danielle
After a relaxing but warm weekend (temps stayed at 90 degrees or above all weekend), J and I wanted to make something tasty but cool to keep the heat in the kitchen to a minimum. We also wanted to use some of the produce we had picked up at the Ferguson Farmer's Market this weekend.
The name assures us of love and care.
This was particularly the case in New Phila, where my grandma Erma Maxine (Johnson) Foutz Miller’s family were frequent movers. Charles and Viola (Palmer) Johnson — and their 10 children — called no fewer than six addresses home between 1920 and 1941. Thus, I found myself doing more than a little searching through the 1940 census, which in the few weeks since its public release has yet to be fully indexed.
Very nice revision!
It starts with “No one may be deprived of property except in terms of law of general application, and no law may permit arbitrary deprivation of property.”
I'm pretty darn excited about it, and last night Mike surprised me with tickets to the midnight showing on Thursday night! Now I'm planning my night around it! I won't be dressing up (although that would be awesomely fun!) but we are planning on going to the diner before hand and making a date night out of it!
In life, I believe most of us are facing the scenario that somebody throw their anger or frustration to us.
Perfect for boat food.
The light went on. I explained that we were in the bathroom..but no he wouldn't have it.
What I want to say: Clearly, thanks for sharing.
KADAI VEGETABLES
This feeling is having a bit of a funny effect. I think I’ve mentioned before that I haven’t really suffered any of the pregnancy symptoms making the first trimester so miserable for so many. I’ve felt very tired a lot, at times exhausted; but so far there’s hardly been any nausea at all, and not a single incidence of puking. My boobs have gotten a big fuller, but they haven’t yet gotten much bigger – and there’s also been hardly any soreness. Only during the night, when I get up to pee. I do have to pee a lot – I consider a night when I’ve only had to get up once an undisturbed night. My appetite’s been less than it used to be (though I think it’s coming back) and there’s some foods I feel like eating less than I used to, but there are no real food aversions – I can eat anything. I feel stuffed easily and am really bloated, but I’m not suffering constipation. I could go on like this.
Of course it wasn't until 1491 that Kanada Kolumbus reached what today is known as Canada. When Kolumbus finally reached Canadian shores, he was greeted by four Chiefs of the Loki tribe, each of them presenting him with a bottle of Ale on Lees. Now considered as the founders of modern day Canada, these Four Loko (much like a group of gooses are called geese, a group of Loki are called Loko) helped Kolumbus and his men found the city now known as Leduc (city motto: "This place is Leduculous!") and it is in their honor that we gather each year on Canadian Thanksgiving to drink four bottles of Ale on Lees.
The researchers also found signs of unusual magnetic changes in the sun. Normally, the sun’s magnetic field flips about once every 11 years. In 2001, the sun’s magnetic north pole, which was in the northern hemisphere, flipped to the south.
It is through critical dialogue and awareness that we are able to change the culture surrounding sexual assault and prevent future acts of violence.
Additionally, before leaving the dietary issue of protein, the timing of the protein intake may make a difference. Most strength research indicates a consuming 25 to 30 grams of protein 10 to 15 minutes before and 10 to 15 minutes after an intense training session is the most beneficial.
I used his idea to make a more low-tech activity that we could do in the classroom since getting into the computer lab is not always possible at my school. I had the students work in pairs to read a page of movies and a page of restaurants in Buenos Aires, then choose which ones they wanted to go to. Here are the directions I gave the students, the movie and restaurant sheets, and the student answer sheet.
I decided it
That very night I went to see the new Sex and the City Movie and who should be looking down at me (in every way) from the silver screen, but the fabulous Liza Minelli herself and her two mini me back up dancers in my “pray that no-one sees me outfit”.
In 1927 King Oliver turned down a regular booking for his group as the house band at Harlem’s Cotton Club; the offer passed to Ellington. With a weekly radio broadcast and famous white clientele nightly pouring in to see them, Ellington and his band thrived in the period from 1932 to 1942, a golden age for the band.
They had to catch-up and become ‘equal’ to the privileged white minority group, – at all cost, and with absolutely no regard to what the concept of ‘being equal’ actually meant, and also without any regard to the negative consequences their hasty decisions and poor planning would eventually bring about.
I can tell you, I’m very competitive. It’s my nature and make-up. Everything I do in life, I want to do well and if I don’t, it’s very tough to accept because I simply failed. If you don’t have a support system, loving friends and family, it may be very tough to realize that you’ve been falsely living your life for temporary successes. Sad to say, I didn’t realize my mistakes until after I lost. It wasn’t during, but rather after.
All Natural Herbs
KYRIAPIATA
In Thy tender care
So, our fall has looked something like this:
For Fall, my schedule is:
And the school continues talking to students about traffic safety, obeying basic rules and not crossing in the middle of a block. Ms. Starodub said pedestrian awareness and education is an ongoing effort at the school.
image - lotv 'fishing buddies'
The cake was a tiered spice cake with caramel filling and vanilla cream with a fondant in white with ascending green vines. Kristen notes, "To our surprise the florist added some small orange flowers up the side."
THANKS, GUYS.
Who cleans the pool? Who mows the lawn? Tends the grounds? Carries your golf clubs? Drives you around? Mixes your drinks?
From the perspective of the order of man, we understand our blessings to be based upon how good we are, to be based upon what we have bargained or earned. From the perspective of the order of God, we understand our blessings to be based upon how good God is, based upon nothing we have bargained or earned.
Hours: 17h44 (a little more than an hour of which was actual running)
Yes, this is post nr 365! A good year after I started this blog, stating I would publish photo(s) on a daily basis, I have now reached post nr 365. I’m not sure how many photos that entails, but would like to say a big Thank You to all of you for the 5,500 visits this year.
In Chinese Beautiful, players give a hip, modern young Chinese girl a makeover. Players pick out the perfect lip gloss, eye make up and eye color for her. Players can also pick items from an array of hats, earrings, necklaces, sunglasses and outfits.
Here’s the way I feel about my exes – once we break up, you are dead to me. Unless you’re face down in the river, I don’t want to hear about you. I suppose I was sooo hetero in that way because burning everything belonging to your ex reminds me of Angela Basset in Waiting to Exhale. So, I’m going to say burning the bridge towards ex-land and then cauterizing the wound is a straight trait. It’s a straight trait I can understand. Due to this ambivalence, from time to time, I would give up with the gay girl “community” when it would get too pass-her-around for me. Instead, I would go out with my straight friends trolling for some boys.
Allow the tart to cool and set in the fridge. Serve at room temperature piled high with raspberries and dusted with cocoa!
‘Goodnight you Princes of Maine, you Kings of New England.’ Answer: The Cider House Rules. This was a great movie, but those of you who love to read (like me) should read the book before seeing it. What makes the book better is there is another part to the story that continues past where the movie ends, and that’s what makes it better. Starring Tobey Maguire (not only cute, but a good actor), Michael Caine (won Oscar for Best Supporting Actor), and Charlize Theron
Here's hoping her birthday is loverly!
Although I suspected him of embellishing the facts to gain sympathy, I handed over a few pesos. I’m not the sort of ape to deny an orphan his due. All the same, I made a few discreet enquiries about his background after he had left. Much to my chagrin, I discovered that the crafty little tyke lived in a fine home with parents who could afford to send him to the American school, which explained his command of English.
It puts our lives here, in this amazing country with all its riches (and excesses) into perspective and makes you realize how better life can be with less.
Where else can you go from this:
Media lies continue to hamper the BNP's efforts to get elected, and the corrupt media would bury any individual nationalist who appeared capable of overcoming that barrier in a landslide of lies.
The doctor took off his stethoscope, laid it on his desk and put his hands out in front of him, not saying anything for several seconds. Finally, “Look, I can’t save this child. He’s going to die. He’s already in a severe state of dehydration.” He reached out to pinch the skin on Gursel’s hand. It stayed pinched up in a single wrinkle. “See?” he asked, this time his voice was gentle.
But ALL her main cast are white.
2) Miami: Hurricane season starts in June and peak travel time in Miami is December – March. it makes sense to book during Miami’s shoulder season in April and May. You can save anywhere between $25 – $80 during this time frame.
“This is a colorful new magnet made of a soft pliable rubber material and it depicts a luschious looking hamburger with all the garnishments on it! Great for a magnet collection! LQQK!”
Moreover, the reason why the disciples can enjoy fellowship with God and experience his love is because Jesus is personally indwelling them, e.g. “I in them”! In other words, the believers are united with the Father because Christ is in union with all of them, thereby allowing them to share in Christ’s own glory and union with the Father. Nor is this the only time where Jesus says this:
“Lisa?”
SINGAPORE: A second youth, who was part of a group accused of rioting at Downtown East in 2010, will go behind bars for five years and be given six strokes of the cane.
But I’m taking the power back. Two can play that game.
“Sometimes the giver has to let go, but sometimes you don´t. You can´t. I couldn´t give up on Jonathan. I seemed to be able to forgive him anything.”
Arrive = llegar = shegar
I’m a little less skeptical about things like channeling and the healing powers of crystals in this town than almost anywhere else. Or at least I want to be.
OK, I'll climb off my soapbox now before I cry again, and here is my card for the challenge:
AVATAR is, pretty plainly, a cowboys and indians movie where the cowboy “goes native” and ends up fighting against the system that produced him, and the film does fall into the racialist trap of having Jake often make a better Na’vi than the Na’vi themselves make: he’s not only chosen by the Na’vi’s god as being special but he manages to tame the big red flying dinosaur thing that only five other Na’vi have ever done in the entire history of their people.
Association: The line ‘If I bought her flowers, maybe we’d go skinny dipping in the hot tub like we used to. I’d pick leaves out of her hair when they fell from the apple tree.’ From Room 669.
Once thickened remove from heat and pour custard through a strainer into a large, clean bowl.
The Book Maven wishes all readers a happy and bookfilled year in 2012
The Australian arm of the Miss World competition declined to comment yesterday.
The Bersih rally for free and fair elections was “peaceful” and “festive”, international observers said today, adding that those who turned up were “challenging the shadow of fear.”
GM: Thanks from the bottom of my heart. I’m a new boy on the block. You’re all good-hearted.
Therefore there are, within this report, numerous grounds for concern. However, in terms of specific issues, three matters of special concern need to be highlighted:
Meanwhile, a lot of bishops, a lot of priests, and a lot of Catholics,
What are some of your "tectonic shift favorites"?
2 tablespoons cooking oil (I didn't use)
Two years ago, my son had to deal with someone he loves dying, so we started reading lots of books about death. One of them, Z's Gift, by Neal Starkman, is about a boy who helps his mom and classmates realize that their teacher who has AIDS is not contagious. He makes her passing a little easier, and she offers him a gift after she's gone.
Have you ever dyed anything using food? (Aside from Easter eggs.) Did anybody try the steel wool method for an aged look? I might do that one next time. What project did you work on this week?
Receiving cash on the sale of such securities NAMA could thereby repay some of the monies currently owed to our banks. These monies, very likely, have been pledged by our banks as security for loans from the European Central Bank (ECB) and would have to be repaid.
Is friends with.
1. A former bedroom, now the sitting room, opens to the courtyard via new French doors.
Meanwhile, I wanted to just quickly share with you this idea that I have for a “home made” Christmas gift that I give to my volunteers each year. I wanted to share it with you now, while you still have time to collect the wine bottles necessary to make it, if you want to do it! That’s because if you want to give this gift, the first thing you have to do is drink up! Read on below if you are interested. Other than that, I will leave you to your holiday shopping and preparations, and will continue with my regular blogging next week. Enjoy the rest of your weekend!
The Daily News is a tabloid that people evaluate using different journalistic standards than most newspapers, so one could argue that sensational and unconventional headlines appear on the cover frequently. Tabloids, however, are not alone in choosing questionable headlines; many reputable newspapers make the same mistake. For example, The New York Times published an article in 2009 entitled “South Africa Is Seen to Lag in H.I.V. Fight.”
However, when one of your parents die your perspective changes. At least my perspective changed.
is yet the most important personage in the poem, uniting all the rest.
Dress: Escada Sport
slopes. Buzz over misuses of reflection
He also scored important goals. It wasn’t a case of boosting his figures with strikes against the Ionikos and Panionios’s of this world. In his time at Karaiskakis Stadium Rivaldo scored against AEK Athens, had a penchant for goals against Panathinaikos as well as Champions League strikes against Liverpool and Real Madrid. He saved one of his best for the Greek Cup final in 2004/05 where he curled one from near to the corner flag into the far top corner (see the below video).
If I can see that from far-off Market Harborough, why couldn't they see it from Downing Street?
and sought instead to find some pirate's gold
Winchell then told the deputy that DeMarco kept walking away from the car to destroy some crack cocaine and that she was hiding more pills in her dentures.
I am going stop here, and I will continue with another post about the method we chose, if you haven't guessed...we chose to unschool.
Instantaneously I heard these words: “Lori, you already know how to fish. You just have to cast your line.”
The full interview with Adele will appear in the March issue of US Vogue magazine.
In honor of St. Patrick's Day, please make a project that has something to do with green!
K's up now so I gotta go and read the paper and eat my banana.
Sadly, they didn’t plan for the amount of people to stream the event that tried so there were massive streaming issues for many people. I was okay but missed a round in an early fight due to skipping. The beautiful Natasha Wicks one of the ring girls, so they hit a home run in that department Gianna Puppo wasn’t a bad choice either. The announcers King Mo, Mauro Ranallo, and Julie Kedzie were entertaining although Julie was more or less just filler on the team it wasn’t a bad thing. I am concerned with the mat in the cage though. Instantly the mat looked like just slept in bed sheets and had to wreak havoc on the fighters footing. However the issues that are fixable like more memory for the website, and the mat are easily fixable for this young organization. At the end of the day I would say Invicta is about on par with Bellator but still far behind the UFC in terms of being polished. They need more fighters (who can make weight), better fighters and a more in touch match maker. Combine those with fixing the website and the mat and we could be talking TV time before we know it.
He started crying and running back towards the safety of the patio. Poor baby. Nora tried to coax him back to the fence to see the dogs but he was too upset. Later Nora comes in and tells me the lady told her, “really? You baby brother cried because of the dogs,” like he had no right, like it was a slight against her and her dogs. He’s 1 year old for crying out loud. Her words really upset Nora because of the tone, implying that Nora and Jack had done something wrong to make the dogs bark and there was no reason for him to cry about it. They weren’t doing a damn thing but playing in their own yard.
It should say Full Book and offer a number of formats available for you to download. Click either Download or if you want to read the eBook on your computer, View. Since you bought the book, every time you search for this title, this screen will appear so if you lose the file, you can download it again at no charge. It is also part of your Library when you log into Smashwords.
With my pen.
/depressing
Because music didn't work for me during this marathon, I felt kind of cheated from this playlist, like we didn't get our deserved time together. So I've been listening to it every day as I walk (and dream of running) around the gym track or slowly pedal the stationary bike while I catch up on reading. Or fold the million loads of laundry that come with potty training twins. These are the highlights of rest week after a marathon.
Aaron Bell: bass (1,4,5 & 7)
Izzy hates pink as much as her sister, Rose loves it. So when Rose plans an all-pink birthday party with the guests dressed in fairy costumes, Izzy decides to giver her own alternative party in the attic, where the guests will be monsters, spiders, ghosts, and the pet cat.
His home, as it happens, was a magnificent period building in Effingham, set within two acres of gorgeous greenery. I decided to pay him an unannounced visit on Christmas Eve. A couple of Dave’s workmates drove me to his place in their van and we arrived at one hour to midnight. The lads spent a minute or two admiring the Bentley parked in the drive, before the three of us went to the front door, which was answered by a butler in tails. For some reason the poor man nearly fainted when he saw us, so I told the boys to take him for a drive in the Surrey countryside and return in an hour or so.
On May 10, 2003, she married Harry Kullijian, her fourth husband and junior high school sweetheart, who reunited with her after she mentioned him fondly in her memoir. The two performed at their old junior high school, which had become Aptos Middle School, in a benefit for the school.
So what is your "word" this year?
Internet TV is still in its infancy, and currently requires a computer to access it. This was also true of Internet phone calls using VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) in the beginning as well. When handsets became available that integrated VoIP hardware and software directly into the handset, computers were no longer needed to make a VoIP phone call. So it is probably only a matter of time before our digital LCD and Plasma TV sets get direct Internet connectivity as well, and we will be able to watch our favorite Internet TV shows on them directly.
… Interested in learning more about the activist community in Montreal?
Haven’t you ever asked yourself, “Is there more to life than just making money and getting stuff?” I know it’s difficult to ask this when you’re going through tough financial times, trust me. But I also know that the question is valid whether you’re in need or in plenty.
Bye bye C’ya
Apparently, a generation or two of voters were not paying attention in school if, indeed, American and world history was even being taught. In 2008 a slim majority elected Barack Hussein Obama, a thorough-going communist with total contempt for the Constitution, America, and its people. That’s not fair.
3. What’s your favorite breakfast food? (Noting that breakfast foods can be eaten any time of day.)
it felt so good to share that love with others. to have such a meaningful part of making something. i know it's just a couple of measly pieces of string . . .
Location: 25 miles northeast of Delta Junction.
To be fair, some of the Georgia players were waving towels.
For Tobin and Delia, everything was always equal.
Fellow band mates have described Henderson as something of a father figure for the group. It was Henderson who recruited the other founding members of the band. Viewed from the cheap seats, however, this central role might strike some as odd. After all, Henderson’s presence on stage and in recordings is so low-key as to be ephemeral. In fact, on hearing that The SteelDrivers’ mandolin player was leaving, one friend replied (without irony, I believe), “That band has a mandolin player?”
The name 'i' is confusing, fiddly to type with autocorrect, impossible to search for online and makes a nonsense of almost any sentence you care to put it in. Basing a headline campaign around the paper's title is up there in the bad decision stakes with the bad decision to publish the thing in the first place. At best the headlines sound like they were guest written by Sacha Baron Cohen, at worst, just plain illiterate. A consequence perhaps of employing an agency whose creative department is drawn almost entirely from the JLS fanbase, without an English GCSE between them.
01 Alaska
I do find that Hope For Today is a bit better this way. Seems to lean toward the non-enabling side. And yes, she and I are both adult children of alcoholics.
Mubarak, Marcos and Mahathir stayed in power for decades by insisting they represented the majority. All the while, they ran sham elections, jailed and tortured their opponents and crippled democratic institutions.
· Candidates who have worked with 3 or more companies and possess only 2 years experience
out of his pocket...
Greetings Eric & Sookie Lovers!
....Then go HERE and check this out... you have the chance to win one of 6 lots of candy...ranging in sizes of candy....
But the movie plays on an idea that goes back many decades. As Jeannette Catsoulis in the Times review put it, the “jokes about vaginal elasticity (in this case lack thereof) and other formerly unmentionable female concerns” seem like an attempt “ to veil the retrograde themes lurking behind them.” Catsoulis doesn’t specify those retrograde themes, but the principle one is this: the assumption that marriage and children spell the death of romance and sexuality.
Since we'd been cooped up in the car all day without any exercise, we brought in the Rusted Root CD from the car and had a little dance party in our hotel room. Gabe got to jump on the bed for once, so he was pretty excited and made the most of it. And I won't lie, I might have joined him for a bit.
I wrestled with this, and it was discussed internally at length, but the decision was made that we HAD to disqualify the last entry, since there was no valid e-mail address. That does not mean that Anthony would not be eligible to participate in any future giveaways here, but I had to be fair to the majority of the families on the list of Applicants.
Yo wootay these niggas think I lost it
I easily made these labels using FREE printables from eighteen 25
My little Kylie has developed the curliest little blonde hair these last few months. It must be the humid weather- but I'm loving her curly tendrils. When I was pregnant with her, I wished for a baby who looked just like Cameron- one with dark eyes, dark features and dark hair. God must have laughed when I said that because she's the complete opposite with her light blue eyes and light golden hair. Really, I think the only similarity between them is their skin tone and nose. But darn it, they are both so stinkin' cute.
To accomplish this program’s goal, it does take money. Your help is greatly appreciated. To be sure monies get to Kyila’s Kiki’s Kids program it is best to donate to Global Roots and they will direct monies to her program. Please specify your interest in helping Kiki’s Kids in Tibet. Thank you.
Cool pie in pan and refrigerate. Serve at room temperature, with a side of vanilla ice cream or fresh whipped cream.
I’ll leave you with what Frank Rich, former theatre critic of The New York Times had to say in his review of the Broadway production:
It is only Tuesday, but we have had so much new learning that I couldn't wait to share it with you. The students arrived Monday to this morning message. We did inferring with the words in the morning message.
The corporation that owns all of these names is called The Pantry. It operates over 1,600 convenience stores throughout the Southeast and is currently in the midst of converting its 67 Charlotte-area outlets to the company’s flagship Kangaroo brand. Aside from the external signs, and the change from offering Texaco gas products to those of Marathon Oil, there will be some minor modifications inside.
F1 is back. And it’s a beautiful thing. In spite of that nose.
One morning I was laying in bed praying about an "Titanic idea" when the prodigal son story popped into my mind. Was it possible that the seed of the idea I had thirteen years prior fit on the Titanic? I dug back through my old computer files and I found the original prologue. Then, in my mind's eye, the story of a younger son, an older son, a woman who cared for them both and a loving father played out in my mind. That's it! I copied and pasted that old prologue into a new document and then Chapter 1 started with the story of these new characters and their life-changing journey on the Titanic.
There are times where I get ideas in my head and they turn out just how I intended (or, on the rare occasion, even better!) Other times, the idea just turns into a Hungry Jenny Faux Pas that does not warrant a recipe, or just goes plain wrong.
Where was I? Oh right, so I apparently have a fear of change, I know change happens constantly, and sometimes things change for the better like getting married, which has not happened for me yet, actually I am still waiting on the right man to come along, as getting married doesn't really work if you are alone, although there was some strange movie on Lifetime where the woman was going to get married to herself, of course while planning her wedding she meets the right guy..... I am sort of sick of Lifetime movies, same plot, same outcome, my dad would always make fun of those movies if my mom and I were watching one.
David Shipula is the current president of the Malt Beverage Distributors Association of Pennsylvania. (Disclosure: I was compensated to travel to Pittsburgh and address the MBDAPA several years ago; I do freelance consulting for some members of the Association.) He is also the owner of Beer Super in Wilkes-Barre. He seems to be a good guy, working for the Association.
Butterfly: Staying in my chrysalis would mean death. In order to grow a new body and wings I had to consume what was once me. Had I not emerged, I would have perished; there was nothing left of the caterpillar…I had to die in order to live. And now I can dance all over the beautiful gardens and woods. I’m no longer forced to crawl on the ground or up the vegetation. I can see more now; I can experience so much more. When I was a caterpillar my entire focus was on eating and survival. I am much lighter now and as a result I can drift along and let the wind carry me. I am very happy as a butterfly but I couldn’t be a butterfly if I wasn’t first a caterpillar.
Now, I'm not going to go on a tirade about how this is why older editions were better or why 3E sucks. I actually enjoyed a lot of my 3E gaming, but I can see arguments for and against. It was a "modernization" of the D&D mechanics, which I didn't have a problem with, but I think it just got over engineered; Castles & Crusades, in my mind, is a much better approach and still makes the game a lot more "modern" (unified core mechanic, so on and so forth).
Tuesday, I had the day off. To my surprise, I spent the entire day writing and finished up on around 8,000 words. Looking back, the bug had already bitten, I just hadn't realised. Wednesday went similarly after I got out of work at lunchtime. I think I was somewhere around 15,000 by Thursday, the day of the second write-in.
Learned how to do pullups (kipping pullups) and completed 3 in a row!!
½ tsp salt
See, I am very much in favour of fairness and just society. Fairness is very much important even to break caste, creed and religion. You are knowing Ramaswamy’s daughter? She went off and married American Christian boy. Aiyyo, it was big scandal, and parents completely cut her off. They didn’t even say that she is married. But within one year, the couple were blessed with fair-skinned issue. Seeing such a white baby (blue eyes also), their hearts and all melted. Now they are even wheeling the baby in a pram on famous Besantnagar beach in Madras. All are envying them now. This is the real power of fairness.
We are often running on fumes, spiritually, but we must know where the fuel station is, and even more important, that it exists. After trying all kinds of other things, Christians have learned that the worship of God with the whole heart in the assurance of his love through the work of Jesus Christ is the thing their souls were meant to ‘run on.’ That is what gets all the heart’s cylinders to fire. If this is not understood, then we will not have the resources to be good spouses. If we look to our spouses to fill up our tanks in a way that only God can do, we are demanding an impossibility” (Keller, 52).
A shadow passed over her, and she looked up. Nothing was there. A cool breeze from the ocean created a stark contrast to the scalding sand. She shivered but kept walking, lost in her loneliness.
A book and a series of films based on the events described by the Lutzes followed.
These days I see geekdom as a cast of mind involving intelligence and a lack of excitement about the mainstream - but beyond that it takes many forms. (My companion at the Christmas Mediaeval Baebes gig - the last of their 2011 tour - pointed out that a straightforward early music crowd looks very similar, though perhaps a bit less S&M-y.) The unifying characteristics of geekdom might be described as a lack of inhibition about liking the things that one likes - gaming, role-playing, perhaps one's job or musical pursuits, the period of history (or whatever) you like to fantasise about, politics - and a level of concentration on and knowledge about this stuff that can easily tip over into creativity, obsession or both. I've sometimes wondered whether there is an area of the autism spectrum that might account for it - a point at which empathy is mainly restricted to those with whom you share your enthusiasms - but between Christmas and New Year is a bad time to try and get hold of the professionals who'd be able to discuss that theory knowledgeably. Maybe later...
1 hypodermic
6:14 AM: Second alarm goes off, I finally drag myself out of bed
Tim Radford is a sporting enthusiast who met Henrietta Knight’s partner Terry Biddlecombe while out on a shoot. Later, at a dinner party, he told Biddlecombe to go and buy the next Best Mate for him and his wife, Camilla. The horse they purchased from Tom Costello jnr was Aztec Warrior, who finished runner-up in the Grade One Scilly Isles Novices’ Chase but subsequently failed to fulfil that early potential. Since then, the Radfords have enjoyed success with high-class horses such as Racing Demon, twice successful in the Grade Two Peterborough Chase (2006 & 2007), Grade One winner Somersby, winner of the 2012 Victor Chandler Chase at Ascot and runner-up in the Grade One Arkle Challenge Trophy, as well as Calgary Bay who has finally realised his potential with victories at Cheltenham and Doncaster. Tim Radford is the chairman of Timico, an independent internet service provider, which sponsors Knight’s West Lockinge Farm stables. Previously, Radford founded the Project Telecom Group in 1987 as an independent telecommunications provider. He floated Project Telecom on the London Stock Exchange in September, 2000, achieving revenues of £330 million in 2002. In 2003, the company was sold to Vodafone for £162 million. Camilla Radford, who has undergone treatment for cancer, has had eight runners in her colours from the Knight yard, as well as handicap hurdler L’Eldorado, trained by Chris Bealby.
I will always be a shoulder to cry on and a friend to confide in. I know sometimes you may not want to talk to your mom about stuff, but my door is always open (unless it’s closed, then knock). Remember that I was your age once, too. I know I grew up in the stone age and things are soooooo different now, but bear with me. I’m sure the mechanics of childhood are the same.
I started with the Butterick pattern, 4254, because the shape of the pieces are, essentially, documentable. I suspect this pattern is based on an illustration in Norah Waugh's Corsets & Crinolines but I don't have the book handy, and can't check.
While most Nachos sold in restaurants are filled with other ingredients such as tomato slices, black beans, bacon, spinach, pickles, mayonnaise and cheese, we prefer ours to be as simple as this. One advantage of our nachos is the fact that it's homemade and I believe it's relatively nutritious .
Remember to hold hands and cherish the moment for someday that person will not be there again.
Lesson: Learn to speak the language of your customers. When writing content for your site, be writing around keywords and phrases that your potential clients would actually use. You may manufacture Post-Its, but if your customers refer to them as “stickies” then you’d better make sure that at least some of your content uses that language. If you sell Ewoks, then please contact me.
How Bad Is Our Inflation?
One thing is for sure: we have some mighty heroic people (who did not build the reactors...); firefighters.
Layer pound cake, pudding, and strawberries in trifle dish. Refrigerate until serving.
“Excuse me,” John squinted into the dark hallway, “this may sound daft, but my wife said she was going to see a neighbour last night and never came back. I am worried.”
There is a good reason that Cantor was dubbed the champion of the “overdog” by his colleagues in the Virginia House of Delegates. My first Commander in the Army told me in 1974, if you’re not part of the solution, then you’re part of the problem. There’s no doubt that Cantor is part of the problem.
Here, the criminal is king. The streets are filled with the screeching of fish hags, the cries of swindled merchants, the inviting murmurs of working girls. Here, people can disappear, and the lacklustre efforts of the guard ensure they are never found.
Book Country is overpriced!
MOUNTAINOUS WAVES ROSE UP TO FIGHT
This gets back to a question I continue to raise about oversigning: is it bad for the players, or bad for competitive balance? (In this context, Infante asks, “Do we want to avoid expanded free agency and player movement in college sports if there isn’t an academic casualty as well?”) If this turned out to be a development that is good for student-athletes, but objectionable for coaches, how long do you think it would be allowed to stand?
I have been to few dinners where every dish just seemed to do exactly what the beer needed it to do and without fuss, muss or too much fanfare. Each of the elements of each of the dishes showed they deserved their place on the plate and nothing shouted over the top of any of the beers. To capture flavours that worked so well with a beer as light as the Steam Ale and as rich as the Doppellbock or the Stout was either the sign of a chef willing to take a bit of a chance, take some guidance from the brewer and trust his talents or the greatest single piece of dumb luck since Steven Bradbury said, “Are you guys OK?”
¾ cup unsalted butter, chilled and cubed
What we like most about the sandbell is the fact that you can drop the heaviest weight onto your foot and it won’t even hurt. With barefoot training and people wearing footwear that is considered more “primal” footwear, this gives me a perfect, safe alternative.
By Ryan Ong
Jim finished up his second Wood Badge weekend and now my course is gearing up. We have our first development soon, and I have to practice my presentations for the first three days. The week-long course is going to feel like running a marathon, but having been on Grey Wolf staff was good practice.
I have been dreaming of board and batten since early 2011. Once it started popping up all over the blogs, my eyes couldn't get enough. We quickly came to the conclusion that board and batten would be the project we would tackle and the family room would be our room of choice.
“love your mother”
All the shrubbery we planted around the house last year has almost doubled in size...
2. My Country
The important thing is to treat this act as a crime.
And stood. And stood some more. After about 7 minutes we moved. ONE SINGLE STEP. It was hysterical. We stood some more. We started to walk slowly. After a block (?) or so space opened up a little and people started to jog. I remember thinking “Why run? We got a lot of miles to go, let’s just walk to the start”. Totally cracking up about this now.
Because the desire for power and adoration is unbearable, unquenchable. There are no reservations, no limitations. Of course, this includes the darkest aspects of magic.
For teachers, it is of their moral responsibility to awaken up those who do not know by letting them know what they do not now. In the context of teacher or educator, it is the responsibility of the teachers to either transfer and share their knowledge to their pupils. However, teachers should only transfer knowledge of what he/she knows very well, the knowledge in which he/she is an expert or specialist in, within the area of his/her field.
Then how come no action nor reprimand was served on such leaders and political parties that appeared bent on winning the elections at all cost?
for a moment everything stops
3.) "Conehead Family Feud" from Saturday Night Live (1978)
“Ouch”
Romantic Coney Island, July 10 and 11, 24 and 25
3 strips turkey bacon, diced
2. Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Remove pork from slow cooker, reserving cooking liquid. Using two forks, pull meat into coarse strands.*
There you have it! Hope you liked them!
Homes and hearths were not for me,
So at the end of the day, we have a remote control crap sex toy and are £100 worse off…..bugger.
2. Two Old Nubian manuscripts discovered by the German mission at the island of Sunnarti working in the 1960s in the campaign for the salvage of Nubian heritage due to the construction of the Aswan High Dam. Their webpage is quite informative in general, and their manuscript finds constitute the only collection from Nubia fully published.
So, Tom Clancy games and Ubisoft are a big deal. Ghost Recon and Rainbow six amongst others have also been very military true and the stories and technology have always been a few years ahead of our current time, which always lead to a semi-future arsenal of weapons and military technology. Whilst Ghost Recon have been focusing on troops in war scenarios, Rainbow Six has been more special units and freeing hostages. Both scenarios are cool, but this time around, it seems like Ubisoft are aiming more towards a contemporary terrorist scenario and reports indicate gameplay situation with hard choices and moral dilemmas. Certainly looks cool.
From the dramatist's point of view, strictly speaking, nothing distinguishes the sex scene from any of these other kinds of scenes.
I kept a similar layout to the Horsin' Around card. I omitted the ribbon and added an embossed pennant in the middle and moved the sentiment placement. We were to change at least two things.
“All of the crazy and cowboy boots, but with fewer guns,” I say. “They could use some brothels up there.”
Pomegranate Molasses
All had the same story - their wives, parents, children, grandchildren and girlfriends would die if they did not receive food aid.
that needed shoulders to cry on.
February. The month of love.
John Adams said: “I am apt to believe that it will be celebrated by succeeding generations as the great anniversary Festival. It ought to be commemorated, as the Day of Deliverance, by solemn acts of devotion to God Almighty.”
Since I cannot have another dog, the plan is now to try to get out alone and walk twice a day, morning & evening. Supplement this by going to the Wellness Center to work on strength training three times a week. With nice weather here, it’s time to get my ass outside and be more active, hiking/lb, kayaking, & biking.
Thank-you so very much again for your continued interest! When I started this blog last year, I never imagined that it would spark so much attention! I am more than blessed to have formed such wonderful relationships with you and developed some amazing friendships through it all!
? 15 year manufacture warranty.
So, for everyone keeping score at home, maintaining my weight means I’ve still lost 162 pounds. And counting.
Supplies: Patterned paper (Authentique Blissful collection) Tags: cream (Unity) beautiful, phrase (Authentique), Stamped images: (Unity/Authentique Co Brand), Buttons: gold and cream (Love to Create online store) Chipboard: (Anna Griffin Fido&FiFi collection) Dies: flowers (Papertray Ink)
Pushing children is so inherent in the south Asian culture that many migrants also adopt the approach.
You are doing a great job!
Jonathan (J.C.) Connors, 55, Old Brookville, N.Y.
Pictures like that give me tingles of happiness.
I went to “La Florida” today, just to relax for the day, look for birds and swim in the river, but it rained a lot so my plans changed; I saw lots of birds, but small ones, they were really tiny and they weren’t easy to photograph -well, birds are never easy, but those ones were on the top of a tree-.
Now when I had mastered the language of this water and had come to know every trifling feature that bordered the great river as familiarly as I knew the letters of the alphabet, I had made a valuable acquisition. But I had lost something, too. I had lost something which could never be restored to me while I lived. All the grace, the beauty, the poetry had gone out of the majestic river! I still keep in mind a certain wonderful sunset which I witnessed when steamboating was new to me. A broad expanse of the river was turned to blood; in the middle distance the red hue brightened into gold, through which a solitary log came floating, black and conspicuous; in one place a long, slanting mark lay sparkling upon the water; in another the surface was broken by boiling, tumbling rings, that were as many-tinted as an opal; where the ruddy flush was faintest, was a smooth spot that was covered with graceful circles and radiating lines, ever so delicately traced; the shore on our left was densely wooded, and the somber shadow that fell from this forest was broken in one place by a long, ruffled trail that shone like silver; and high above the forest wall a clean-stemmed dead tree waved a single leafy bough that glowed like a flame in the unobstructed splendor that was flowing from the sun. There were graceful curves, reflected images, woody heights, soft distances; and over the whole scene, far and near, the dissolving lights drifted steadily, enriching it, every passing moment, with new marvels of coloring.
Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to lovely Lauren's Fill in the blank Friday.. Lauren owns The Little Things We Do and she's doing an amazing job out there! you should really go check out her blog and even join this crazy chain.. i'm sure it's gonna be real fun!!
What was I thinking?!
Cello, Flute - Thomas Stöwsand
WHN and WGQ had a blast over the weekend- their embroidery seminar was a blast and they learned os much! WHN promises to post more later this week- complete with photos!
VOTERS’ GUIDES:
Doreen - Ivory Over French Vanilla Size 6
I never saw my mom’s natural hair color (which was, I think, brunette). She always, always had blonde hair out of a bottle. And she never left the house without a full face of make-up. She was almost always trying out a new diet when I was a kid.
George Lakey, one of our lead walkers, who plans to complete the entire walk from Philadelphia to Pittsburgh is writing regular blog posts which can be found here.
Performing Prose offers over 200 pages and 10 chapters (plus one lovely grammar appendix) of discussions on style, technique, and more, but the strongest techniques that they weave into their style is strong use of footing, creating a comfortable atmosphere for the reader; an effective use of tropes and schemes, particularly the analogy; and artfully jumping between the ideas of convention and deviation.
Glow will be released on September 13—tomorrow!
The ammunition for such bazookas was no longer manufactured, but the weapon was capable, in the hands of someone who knew what they were doing, of "blowing up a car or knocking a hole through a wall".
Jean Gabin Gueule d’Amour
I'm waiting until you love me
March 8, 2011, 12:00 Noon or upon House adjournment, whichever is later. I suspect the event will be available online via livestream. I'll post a link in an update to this post when it's available.
I cannot believe that you are 8 years old. I remember so much the fear I felt when I found out that you were growing inside of me. I did not know if I could do it again so soon. Could I love you the same way that I loved your brother? And then I laid eyes on you on the grainy ultrasound screen. I melted right there, head over heels. And then I held you for the very first time and I melted all over again. I learned something about the magic of mommy love the day that you were born. How instead of dividing love between more, it gets multiplied instead.
I have a kid so I make sure I (usually) make sure I have green on, but that's about the extent of it.
The ANC has lost virtually all its politically correct white fringe. The only whites left in the ANC now are either tired old apparatchiks (usually Communists) imprisoned in their own ideology or a few odds and ends who are typically regarded by other whites as cranks or as having personality disorders. Something similar is happening in both the Indian and Coloured communities. Even ANC supporters do not claim these days that they occupy "the moral high ground", for fear of ribald laughter. This has prompted some - Rhoda Khadalie, for example - to try to date when exactly the ANC lost that ground and changed from the Mandela ANC into today's federation of warlords. This is an ahistorical mistake.
Scientists are finding enormous oil plumes in the deep waters of the Gulf of Mexico, including one as large as 10 miles long, 3 miles wide and 300 feet thick in spots. The discovery is fresh evidence that the leak from the broken undersea well could be substantially worse than estimates that the government and BP have given.
Total compensation package for 2010: $76,107,010.
This image really has me wishing our tile was in a brick pattern rather than the traditional pattern.
My love for you is never ending.
He can definitely hold his head up really well. However, he kinda doesn't get tummy time. He just sleeps or lays there. Kinda lazy when it comes to exercise like his mom! :)
There are so many styles and the designs in the watches that one finds themselves completely lost when trying to find the perfect one for themselves. The selection of the watches is largely dependent on the trends of the season, the purchasing power of the customers, their needs and the style preferences.
Two convicts get freed from prison and become lawmen in a corrupt village.
Changed dynamic?
Cody: You suck Kiersten.
Couldn’t be much more from the heart
Thinking of being a Worship Pastor/Leader? But what does God’s heart says about your call? Ever considered if your passion for worship may be of the right heart? Darlene Zschech is here to show you:
But I did find the notes for Commences. They are gobsmacking. I can’t believe how much there is. There are as many notes as there is novel. One massive folder, crammed. And the complexity of the novel….dear god, no wonder I collapsed after completion, a collapse so severe I virtually ended up with a personality-change! (Or, should I say, old, misunderstood aspects of my personality re-emerged, which was a bit frightening…)
Did you check out NiNoCon this weekend over at Ali Cross' dojo? It was wonderful. If you missed it, you still have time to check out the sessions. There's so much great information over there, it's hard to know where to begin. As part of the con, I sent my query in advance to be reviewed by YA author and query queen Elana Johnson. The good news is that she singled mine out. The bad news is that she basically said it wasn't working at all and that I needed to start from scratch. Won't lie. OUCH.
Tamarind- a small lime size
Here's what is currently going on at our house- prep work for hardwood floors in our living room! I've also been painting our kitchen cabinets, so our house is a total wreck!
Once in the toilet, I stand at the urinal and begin my movement. My standing river dance commences. There's a poster for a new range of condoms on the wall in front of me, I read it, oblivious to the toilet door opening and the presence of another man standing beside me.
08 White Winter Hymnal
I find solace in, just sound.
I had a bit of a lucky morning. My brother in law took the girls to Nippers so I was spared the pain of traipsing around the beach with Diddy and Rohan in tow. I did have to be up super early to get them ready though - bummer... no sleep ins for me!!!
As you can see I’ve come a long way since the gaybar rejection tutorial so we just wanna get into the swing of things. One ice cube to signify the one person who is sitting here at this table at this table drinking alone. I don’t mean to be a downer but I mean your failing. Your just doing everything wrong.
1 8oz tub of whipped cream cheese
Here it is wet, the curl is far more obvious.
its just me that has trouble with it LOL LOL.
On the way to Vancouver, her driving of course, we got into an accident and totalled the vehicle.
You don’t have to name names, but you could comment here your thoughts.
"Now what?" I asked a little fearfully, knowing from past experience that when Aloysius used that tone anything might be expected to happen.
4. Heat the oil in a cast iron pan and place the fish in it once the oil is very hot.
Furthermore, it was the Tory government under John Major which signed Britain up to the “free movement of EU nationals” directive in the first place.
Chicago Cubs - Tunguska (PAID)
Oh, and there is also a giveaway!
The Tea Party is throwing a fit because more was not done. Conservative Republicans are being threatened with primary fights, a sort of self cannibalization, eat your own for having impure thoughts. Remember, even if all Republicans towed the Tea Party line, it would not change the outcome over the debt ceiling fight as there is not enough power to do so. In all likelihood, all it would do is shift blame onto Republicans for any resulting financial calamity for failure to strike a deal, which would play right into the hands of President Obama and his re-election plans.
So there we have it, my take on it all. The question is can a happy medium be found between the two ideologies in the modern brewing industry? I would like to think so, and from what I've seen not many British brewers strictly back one side or the other. Most upstart brewers from the 80s and 90s started out with a range of traditional products but are now branching out to new ideas.
“Because that is Shah Rukh’s I-take-things-head-on style.
then the first part of this century’s equivalent has been the primacy of the academy, and with it the devolution of responsibility for education, from local educational authorities to individual leadership teams. But this ignores the fact that there are still many thriving comprehensive schools, who do not fiddle with catchment areas, who do not seek external funding, and who do not sever ties with their community6. So we have to do more, when thinking of the future of education, in terms of substance, than just leave it to academies and free schools (the latter of which are doubtless an interesting experiment in localism, but a diversion amidst the current appetite for austerity). We have to figure out for ourselves how big or small schools should be, and how children should be organised within them.
My mom was also a big fan of Terry McMillan novels, so of course I also watched "Waiting to Exhale" with her—and she got uncharacteristically embarrassed by one of the sex scenes. Afterward, I basically stole the soundtrack from her, listening to it nonstop in my room.
Without wanting to.
The Adventures of Tintin is a fast-paced story that rushes from action piece to action piece. The action scenes are incredibly well-constructed, particularly the long (and eventful) chase scene through the streets of the port city where Tintin and Haddock find the third model. The animation looks great - although this appears to be one of the most polarizing elements of the film, and I can understand why as it does cross the line into the uncanny valley. While the look can be a bit unsettling at first, in my experience with the film it took very little time for the visual element to stop being a distraction. It helps, of course, that Steven Spielberg brings a great deal of imagination and skill to how the story unfolds visually, packing the film with exciting scenes and great payoffs.
They are larger than other walnuts I've used and unlike many others, there is no bitterness to them ... just sweet, tender nuts that are really difficult to keep from snacking on when you need them for a recipe. Once I had them measured out and tried one ... I had to re-measure a couple times. Oops.
The second is spending your morning Facebook-stalking all your old girlfriends and realizing that everyone is prettier, smarter, and more popular than you, as evident by their prom pictures. As a home-schooled recluse who talks to her chess pieces, nothing is worse than seeing your ex-classmates pose next to real boys in glittery satin dresses.
I have two bowls surrounding me. One (the one beside me) had my dinner, which was eaten up like I haven’t eaten in days. I am slowly devouring the chocolate frosting, which is in a bowl directly in front of me, tempting me, with no immediate plans on discontinuing the methodical munching. Plus, it’s in front of me, slightly out of reach but right there in my eyesight.
Period quilted petticoats don't have batting from hem to waist; the batting normally ends a few inches below the waist. I find this quite logical, because it makes the waist less chunky, and easier to pleat into the waistband. So, I pulled the quilting stitches out of the top of each panel, removed the batting, then re-quilted the area. Yeah, seriously tedious. But I'm very pleased with the result. I also removed the batting from the seam allowance at the side seam, before doing a modified fell seam.
"Please eat, they're not poisoned!"
How satisfying it is to place the last piece! (Sorry, I just started this one, so no pic).
mini oreo cookies
Who knew so much could come from a crosswalk exercise? The kids thoroughly enjoyed themselves. Lucy first brought them together as a class to talk about the basics. When approaching a crosswalk, stop at the curb. Look left, then right and left again. Listen to crossing guards. Do not chase your ball out into the street, get an adult. And then the all-important jingle, that stuck in everyone’s head (including mine) “walk in the middle of the crosswalk” followed by two claps.
I’m running another mini this fall. Possibly even two. There are four minis I’m eyeballing, one in September, two in October and one at the beginning of March. This racing stuff is seriously addicting. So, I have all summer long to become a stronger and faster runner. I will destroy that 2:45 time.
Ricky keeps telling me he wont let me do it if its raining hard & my knee isnt any better at all.... he said if he hears one tiny little 'ouch' out of me, he's hiding my keys & he's not driving me.
The adult's baby doll top was easily turned into a shirred dress to fit a child, by cutting off the top of the dress, adding extra shirring, altering the halter neck strap and reattaching as four ties.
I've just looped hair elastics through the button holes and these then hook over the buttons! Luckily I have some 'fair' coloured hair elastics which were bought for my husband (he's only used one or two out of the packet) as they look much better than my dark brown ones would have.
Father Florentino
So I'll just start and try to carve this into manageable chunks. OK?
PB & J
In addition, the evidence given about payments to witnesses will be passed over by me, except for tangential matters.
“Here, obviously, the same principle prevails as that which regulates the exchange of commodities, as far as this is exchange of equal values. Content and form are changed, because under the altered circumstances no one can give anything except his labour, and because, on the other hand, nothing can pass to the ownership of individuals, except individual means of consumption. But as far as the distribution of the latter among the individual producers is concerned, the same principle prevails as in the exchange of commodity equivalents: a given amount of labour in one form is exchanged for an equal amount of labour in another form.
I was in San Francisco for the American Geophysical Union Fall Meeting and had met Ryan Boller from NASA Goddard, who was showing an improved algorithm for the detection of aerosols from space.
Paper Cup Exit
Still, it is nice to know why she is acting this way. Next time she throws a fit, I will try to remember that it is all out of love. Or at least I will try not get too worked up over it.
The State Intellectual Property Office
Things to look forward to in February:
About the company: Lauren Nicole Gifts was started in 2004. I design and hand make each piece of jewelry to order while my husband helps out with cutting and forming the silver pieces that are used in the hand stamped jewelry designs. While my husband is still in the Army Lauren Nicole Gifts will continue to be an on-line business only. In a few years, when he retires from the Army, we plan on opening a store in Ouray, Colorado.
Kiss Crush Collide by Christina Meredith
Israeli is destined to die, the only question is when. Only a fascist hyena, or an ignoramus like Clegg, would confuse the people of Israel for the state. The state is a racist, apartheid state. It is destined for the funeral pyre and one can only hope that day comes soon. But like South Africa, the people we hope will devise new structures with which to live in peace and equality.
Lots of good advice/information there. I bolded some of the stuff that influenced my decision to change to weekly and probably leave it that way for good. So, as it stands now I am -9, which I can make up by not eating all my APs over two gym days. That seems easy enough. I usually earn 7 per gym visit. I have three more gym visits planned - today, tomorrow and Thursday - before my week starts over on Friday. I am looking forward to getting this week, most especially this past Friday, behind me.
“I am the source of all spiritual and material worlds. Everything emanates from Me. The wise who know this perfectly engage in My devotional service and worship Me with all their hearts.” (Bg. 10.8)
- tons of sizes, including the elusive 38
Plants hide their roots (koreshki) to protect them from bad weather while their leaves (vershki) are directly affected by the constant changes in the weather. These two vital parts develop simultaneouly but in opposite direction thus maintaining the balance of the overall organism.
COOL WHIP Whipped Topping is always in our refrigerator in the freezer section. I still remember the first time I tried it. It was introduced to me about six years ago and since then, it is always on my list when we go to the grocery store. It does not take very long before it is gone because I can use it for any dessert to make them even more special. If you are a regular reader of my blog, you probably have noticed that I eat a lot of sweets and chocolate. COOL WHIP is definitely a
What his ears had just told him didn’t compute with what his disbelieving eyes and astonished mind were saying.
“…Then after, I order you and all that troops that are along with you to be obedient to Allah in all circumstances as this (being obedient to Allah swt) is better than the weapons against the enemy and a strong stratagem (device) in the war. I order you and the soldiers who are with you to be more cautious and afraid of your own crimes and sins (and not to commit them) than your enemy, as the crimes and sins of the soldiers are more dangerous to them than their enemy. The Muslims are victorious only because their enemies are disobedient to Allah, and had it not been so, we have no power over them, because neither our number is equal to their number, nor our weapons are like theirs. If we commit crimes and sins as they do, then they (our enemies) will have superiority over us in power. And if we will not gain victory over them by our merits, we do not overpower them by our strength. And you should also know that in this marching of yours (for Allah’s Cause) there are guards (angels) upon you from Allah (swt) (to watch you), and they know all what you do. So be shy from them and do not commit Allah’s disobedience (crimes and sins) while you are going in Allah’s Cause and do not say: ‘Our enemy is worse than us, so they will not overpower us.’ Perhaps some people who are worse than the others may overpower the others as the (disbelievers) Magians overpowered the Children of Israel when they (the latter) involved themselves with Allah’s disobedience (crimes and sins). So they (disbelievers, Magians) entered the very innermost parts of their homes and it was a promise (completely) fulfilled. And ask Allah (swt) the assistance over your ownselves, (to save you from crimes and sins) just as you ask Allah for the victory over your enemies… I ask Allah (swt) for that, both for you and for us.”
Now — this week’s San Francisco wine events!
* Relational mathematics gives a meaning behind the instrumental aspects. It is said that math is so highly disliked by students because they see no purpose, and are constantly told that it will “make more sense later on.” This is not acceptable! Drawing upon the music example, we wouldn’t expect a student in middle school to learn music instrumentally and then be able to identify and draw upon that knowledge in their everyday life. I would definitely say that the relational understanding is going to be key in getting students to appreciate math again.
It wasn't until I became a mother that I understood. It wasn't until I struggled to achieve my impossible dream of being there for my daughters in every way they needed me that I saw the truth. It wasn't because my mother didn't trust me or love me that she worried about me so. It was because she never wanted me to be hurt. She never wanted me to fall down. She never wanted me to know the pain she felt, out there, in the world.
To which you give the assenting voice.’
Finish reading and annotating Black Boy.
DRS is a family owned company since 1950 boasts hundreds of original rubberstamp designs. All images are available fully mounted, completely unmounted or mounted on cling cushion and are proudly hand crafted in the USA.
I heart quotes! “So we beat on, boats against the current, borne back ceaselessly into the past.”–F. Scott Fitzgerald,The Great Gatsby
Most people think of David as an elegant man with a pipe and suspenders and a chateau in France. I knew a different David. I can clearly remember the Saturday nights we spent in his basement apartment in Bushwick getting high and watching Golden Girls.
I thought it would be cool to make a sheet of sugar glass to cover the face of the clock.
But this could be a blessing in disguise. I hate it here.. I have for years.. I stay because the economy got bad and I was afraid to go anywhere else.. But now, being forced out, maybe I will actually find something that I like.. Which leads me to the all-important question of the day, er... week?...year?.. century?
Day before yesterday I mumbled something during my Reiki session at night. I did not know about it till my Reiki master told me the next day. Since some time night have been blotting paper for many sorrows and a bed for illicit desires, hopes, dreams and dark longings .
Label: Teen Mom
Vigri is an Icelandic band with melodic and classical elements formed in Reykjavik 2008. The group consisted in the beginning only of brothers Bjarki and Hans Pjetursson and then later expanded into a five piece band. Atli Jónasson on drums, Þórir Bergson on guitar, bass, keyboards and brass, Egill Halldórsson on bass and keyboards.
is it good, is it bad
Modern humans have been around for at least 10,000 years. Until perhaps 3000 years ago, there was nothing at all like a modern school. For the first 97% of humanity’s existence, home education was the only game in town. Gradually, the idea of sending children to be educated by strangers became popular. It was a slow process. In Elizabethan England, only about one child in eight attended school; all of them boys. In other words, as recently as the 16th century, only one child in sixteen in this country went to school. Things continued in this way for another three hundred years or so. Most children were educated at home. One of the commonest ways of undertaking this was to let the children themselves choose what to learn; or indeed whether they wished to learn anything at all. The best way to see how this worked is to look at a fictionalised account of home education in the early part of the 19th century. Pride and Prejudice is generally reckoned to give a good picture of life among the upper classes at that time. Here is Elizabeth Bennet describing the education which she and her four sisters received;
15-18 Nov 2011: TabExpo meeting in Prague is addressed by industry consultant John Luik, on “When packages can’t speak” (“In the plain packaging session, experts from inside and outside the tobacco industry will examine the threat of plain packaging, its implications. We have also asked two brand consultants to examine the options for branding if generic packaging becomes a reality.”
You don't think so? Well, he's very softly spoken. We've been friends for almost 50 years you know. He looks after me. Nathan picked up the beers and returned to the table.
the Jurisdiction of this Commonwealth: do freely acknowledge myself to
Do you think he…
They shared their story in their school in Cleveland, people liked, drop coins in hat for them most importantly, girls liked it and like the creators of the stories. Their dreams had come to pass, they had dates and had something to say when they were around girls.
‘round the freaks and all their friends
Absolut Pepper – 40%
The students are divided into two categories- Internal and External. Internal scholarships are given to children, youth, and adults to study a course within the Cultural Center. The scholarship covers the student’s monthly fees and, in some cases, their class supplies as well. The external scholarships support students from Batahola Norte and the surrounding neighborhoods to continue studying their elementary, secondary, or university education. Students use the scholarship to help pay for their uniform, school supplies, and transportation costs.
Oh...and now (if you're still reading at this point) for the GOOD news I mentioned in the title. Back in March, I had mentioned how I am a probationary teacher (I don't have tenure) and because of some major budget cuts, there was a big chance that I would get pink-slipped. Thankfully, I have received word that I will almost positively be back as a first grade teacher next year! I have to say almost because enrollment numbers could always go up and down but for now I'm saying Yippee! I was really dreading the thought of job searching this summer and having nightmares that I would have to cancel my honeymoon to go on an interview.
Few years later the iPod ia still the most popular music player on planet but something big is about to happen. Apple with his exceptional ceo wants to shake another market this time dominated by Nokia. Apple presents the first iPhone.
This style works pretty well with, obviously, carrots, but also zucchini, and I’ve done beet this way like for making zucchini bread. You can also make your pumpkin bread or muffins this way, but the one time I tried this method for sweet potato, I somehow ended up with a less-than-sweet muffin that actually better resembled a scone (my roommate referred to the results of that experiment as my mones, all the while moaning as she ate one).
Sorry pal I know how you feel
Jonathan Payne is a jaded bookseller at the end of a wasted life which has been spent in a dull north England seaside town. He could be an everyman, but seems to have missed the boat somewhere. He's both distastefully pathetic and oddly sympathetic. A passive character, he has been happy to read about life without experiencing either great joy or great despair. If Death were to knock on his door it wouldn’t trouble him greatly.
I think I have become a little gentler on others and myself. I made an unconventional choice, and I feel more openness to others who make unconventional choices. There are a million ways to live, many of which I haven’t chosen yet, but certainly I don’t know the future. I never dreamed I would take a trip for 14 months around the world. I’m sure plenty of people thought me a little crazy and irresponsible. It was the right choice for me. So – whatever to those people. And I am working on being less judgemental of others. We all have our own challenges and rough roads, poor choices and regrets. I don’t need to heap my foolishness or scorn on top of the climb for someone else. Keep yours off mine too. Being out of the loop of gossip within a circle made me appreciate more how very pointless and damaging it all is. I’m sure I’ll slip and I know I already have, but at least I have turned my face toward a different direction.
In the 1986 Vaccine Injury Act, the Institute of Medicine was directed to review the medical literature for scientific evidence that vaccines can cause injury and death, which resulted in landmark reports to Congress in 1991 and 1994 providing that evidence. IOM announced at the ACCV meeting that it has recently been contracted by the Health Resources & Services Administration (HRSA) to assemble a Committee of scientific experts to review of the medical literature for evidence regarding the biological mechanisms for injury and death in association with varicella zoster (chicken pox), hepatitis B, meningococcal and HPV vaccine. There will be several public workshops during the Committee's two- year study.
2012-04-05
3. Blasphemous Cremation
I’m not sure if that is more nerdy than cute but I’m still pretty happy about it.
But I will confess a particular weakness where names are concerned, dear reader, and that is finding out what names mean. Because my name is a common noun, capitalized, I took to translating it into other languages; any given Solo cup would read “Alegría” on one side and “Freude” on the other and “Alassë” for thoroughness on a third. On finding that any other name could also be translated once one discovered its meaning, I figured out that my brothers’ names meant “little,” “martial,” and “gift of God,” respectively (and, more importantly, that in Quenya I could call them Pityon, Carnildo, and Eruntalon).
Makes one loaf. Freezes well.
All materials are from the May 2012 Main Kit, except for a few things from my stash:
Slightly weedy and sharp for Chenin, despite some attractive melony fruit. Would be fine with a chicken salad or seafood pasta dish. Wouldn't pay the full price for it.**
Cover Design layout £150 per coverWe calculate these based on an A4 page size with a 25.4mm (1-inch) margin on all sides. Print is in 12pt Times New Roman font using a double-spaced format. Standard layout cost is 90 pence per standard A4 Page.The Standard A4 layout gives an average of about 300 words per page. e.g. the layout for a 50,000 word book would cost £150. We believe that this pricing approach is the most flexible and cost effective for the customer. Standard layout includes the items included in the list below.
Seven Opera Balconies
demonstrates an eclipse; in the foreground,
Finally, she acknowledged that it might be a good idea to take a break from Twitter:
‘Time to start over and make some tough decisions. Are you prepared?’
They love pouring their own milk, and adding the sugar.
Once your meat is cooked, pull it off, let it sit a few minutes (if you can!) and begin sandwich assembly. I cut my roll in half, mayoed both sides very liberally, then built, from the bottom up: meat, pickled carrot and daikon, cukes, cilantro, jalapeños, scallions, then drizzled Sri Racha and hoisin over the top. Smush it down, cut it in half, and voila, the next few minutes you’ll spend eating this sandwich will feel like you’ve died and gone to heaven.
This famous quote was spoken by President Ronald Reagan during a campaign speech in 1976. You may have heard of the woman he is describing. This thief, this fraud, this parasite, is the very well known public enemy number one, called the Welfare Queen.
He criticized Brodsky’s use of the term “Soviet-style,” pointing to public hearings and opinions from counsel and bond insurers. “This has nothing to do with the MTA. We can help the Yankees and we can help the MTA.…The best way to help the MTA is to make sure the economy and the city grows.” And, he pointed out, Brodsky and his colleagues killed congestion pricing. As Pinsky pointed proudly to the city’s record, the crowd for the first time erupted in applause.
4. We both watch Desperate Housewives
Mt. Everest: Read 100+ books from your TBR pile/s
It didn’t look very tasty and fruity to eat, so I grabbed my spoon, mushed away at both and dug in!
So I started the day with the thought that, “OK! It’s 8-8-08! I’m going to make the most of it! Because if you turn 8 on its side, it becomes an infinity symbol! And there are infinite possibilities out there in the universe, just waiting for me!”
Sugars: 8g
Southern Copper Corp – Co. reported 1Q12 net earnings at USD 621.4 million vs. previous USD 478.4 million. EPS at 73 cents per share vs. previous 56 cents per share. Net sales at USD 1.81b vs. previous USD 1.60b. (Dow Jones Newswire/Fox Business)
8350 Hwy 6 N.
I have so many other things I have slipped on. I need to make more phone calls for work, I need to register & get the new car inspected (just a gas-saver older Honda Accord that we got really cheap), I have to clean my house (it's getting cluttery), I have to get my truck fixed, I have to relax...
how about you, are you thirsty?
2) This is the daily deal, so it should be on the home page, but if it's not there, click on "Past Deals" in the pages top tabs.
Highlight #1:
Cline also befriended Roger Miller, Hank Cochran, Faron Young, Ferlin Husky, Harlan Howard and Carl Perkins, male artists and songwriters with whom she socialized at Tootsies Orchid Lounge next door to the Grand Ole Opry. In the 1986 documentary The Real Patsy Cline, singer George Riddle said of her, “It wasn’t unusual for her to sit down and have a beer and tell a joke. She’d never be offended at the guys’ jokes, because most of the time she’d tell a joke better than you! Patsy was full of life, as I remember.”
Old Man
Look at how far we’d come since morning and how very high up we were. Contrary to common sense, as we hiked higher, we became increasingly warmer. The sun was out and the mist had burned off (although haze remained), plus the mountain blocked any breeze that might have been blowing off the sea. So from heavy winter coat, to sweater, and then down to shirt, we’d felt as though early summer was fast approaching in February.
4. “In my vision, when he broke the sixth seal, there was a violent earthquake and the sun went as black as coarse sackcloth; the moon turned red as blood all over, and the stars of the sky fell onto the earth like figs dropping from a fig tree when a high wind shakes it. The sky disappeared like a scroll rolling up and all the mountains and islands were shaken from their places. Then all the kings of the earth, the governers and the commanders, the rich people and the men of influence, the whole population, slaves and citizens, hid in the caverns and among the rocks of the mountains. They said to the mountains and the rocks ‘Fall on us and hide us away from the One who sits on the throne and from the retribution of the Lamb. For the great day of retribution has come, and who can face it?’ (Rv. 6:12-17).
tongue, holding of 14, unforeseen consequences of 15-17
SCHLESSINGER: Jade, welcome to the program.
And I’m lucky enough to find myself in a wonderful position in 2012, my writing is getting traction. And now I discover even minor success brings a whole new level of terror with it. And suddenly the fear of succeeding at something that for so long I felt lost doing is a lot like drowning. And soaring. Which is of course extremely frustrating, but also exceptionally rewarding — how will you ever appreciate anything unless you know the opposite?
9. Take a Bullet
I have managed to finish the petals for the corsage I'm making, and one of the leaves, but the leaves are a bit more time consuming so it will be some time before I finish the corsage completely, especially since working so many small stitches starts to hurt after an hour or so.
So bathing suit season is here in the west. I was supposed to be losing weight, planned on being in shape for summer and looking good.
This highly humid heatwave has lasted since July 3rd without a break. No AC at home, but I can't drive around forever! Coming into my warm humid house the scents are not so pleasant. There is the vinegar smell of the fountain by the door. Vinegar, you say? It keeps the mosquito larvae at bay and won't harm the cats. The kitchen drain is rather nasty smelling, but the peaches smell ripe and delicious. Then there is a slight cat odor, though I've been meticulously cleaning it of late. Moving into my office, there is the moldy smell that I can't hide. Even the new wool rug is outgassing some ghastly chemical scent. The only comfortable spot in the house is in the recliner with two hepa-filtered air cleaners pointing my way. I have even been sleeping there! One advantage to sleeping in the recliner: in the morning my wrinkles are greatly reduced by not smooshing them into a pillow~seriously!
2012 Inspiration Award Honorees
Worm’s Head
As a guitar player, I’ve always been asked to name my favourite guitar solos of all time. I’ve been inspired by players from different genres and my favourite solos/songs change from time to time. Below are only a few of my favourite ones. Please note that they are not ranked and I am not claiming that they are better than any other songs that were not on the list. This is simply a list of the solos that inspired my own personal style of playing. These songs are the ones that I would listen to time and time again:
The Last Thing I...
Here's what I came up with today: using the tortilla concept that Chocolatechic came up with earlier in the school year, I broke out the tortillas that have taken up permanent residence in the fridge. Check! One package used up. Then I thought about Nutella. (I always think about Nutella, but today I decided to actually use it instead of eating it with a spoon on the sly.) What else do I have hanging around here? Nestle chocolate chips - monster Sam's club size bag - check. Cream cheese - check. And this other weird thing: about a third of a roll of sugar cookie dough. Don't ask where the other 2/3 went. So that was in the freezer (it's harder to eat when it's frozen) and I thought that it might be good chunked up and rolled into the tortilla. Check! Another thing used up. So, I stick the cookie dough in the microwave to defrost. Guess what happens to cookie dough when you forget to check on it? It melts and gets spreadable like peanut butter. Woo Hoo! A happy accident for once.
Repeatedly.
2. Watch out also for changes to the late penalty regime. We know of barristers who pay estimated amounts for the tax bill but who have not submitted a tax return. So far there has been no penalty as tax has been paid. The regime changes for April 2012 when both tax return and tax payment have to be submitted on time otherwise penalties will be incurred.
Noel, glassy-eyed, who stared like a poor man's child.
Russian Egg and Mushroom Salad
The movie begins with a simple but strangely convoluted back-story. Two ancient races—the gods and the frost giants—are locked in endless struggle. Thor appears as a reckless musclehead, the assumed heir to a galactic empire of nine spheres of influence, ruled over by his benevolent father, Odin. (Played by Anthony Hopkins, who can blame looming retirement, boredom or even dementia for agreeing to the role; the other actors have none of these excuses.) Odin runs the empire through the Norse gods, a ruling elite of sword and axe-brandishing warriors. They travel through their dominion by teleportation through a golden boom tube type machine operated by the taciturn but stalwart Heimdall. And, although they appear to live in the middle ages, they possess incredible technological might.
This is a completely different experience from any other bike I’ve ever ridden. The Peugeot is a race horse, a real thoroughbred. It doesn’t have all the fancy equipment of a brand new road bike, but it’s light as a feather and it goes fast.
So hopefully the I heart Market tomorrow is as buzzing as last time and that the weather cooperates (please rain, stay away until later in the day).
I don’t walk, I prance.
Adidas Oddity Candy 2010
Live abroad
The overall mood is enhanced by Hazanavicius’s use of period camera and optical techniques (such as rear projection during scenes in which the actors are in cars driving in the streets of Cairo, or the use of Technicolor that brings out the colors while giving the whole movie a kind of faded quality), as well as opening titles that recall the great Saul Bass.
Melissa Jost...Heather Gamble
4. Add the breadcrumbs a couple of tablespoons at a time. You may not need all of it. Basically you just want the mixture so it is very moist, not wet, and sticks together when you clump it into a ball. Adding too much starch will make your burgers dry. No bueno.
there was one whole five minute pose.
So at 21, I got married, allowed my dad to walk me down the aisle just so I would not have to explain why he wasn’t allowed, and got a wire on my finger no nicer than that plastic one I used to play pretend with. Part of me looked for my fist love to come charging in on horseback to rescue me, part of me was seething that none of the decorations I had wanted were there, part of me was happy to see how many people showed up to support me, part of me was upset by how many hadn’t. The biggest part of me was just relieved to no longer be living in sin. That weighed on me every day over the past few years, and was finally lifted. How stupid, I never went to church or even prayed, but this idea of guilt and sin was very powerful nonetheless. So was the image that I was perfect, everything I did back then was to maintain an outward image of perfection, to hide the deep dark mess I was inside.
Maslow’s hierarchy of needs is most often displayed as a pyramid. The lowest levels of the pyramid are made up of the most basic needs, while the more complex needs are located at the top of the pyramid. Needs at the bottom of the pyramid are basic physical requirements including the need for food, water, sleep and warmth. Once these lower-level needs have been met, people can move on to the next level of needs, which are for safety and security.
As you would have expected of an electric car, the cabin is in total serenity. As a result, external obtrusions, such as wind and tire noise are more noticeable, but hardly cause a stir.
Then we went to our friends house for supper, drinks, and a movie. We had so much fun but I did NOT feel good Saturday morning. I headed to my eldest daughters house to watch my sweet sweet Grandchildren. They call me Yia Yia. (Greek) I always let my 3 year old granddaughter take her very own pictures. Here are some of them.
"Brad Pitt's spouse once again stole the show. She wore a Versace dress in black velvet with a gigantic split to the right side. This gave some insight in one of the world's most attractive people...
I have been married over twenty years, with many of the “normal” events of marriage shaping the adults we have become–moves, children, illness, job changes, pets, new hobbies,old hobbies, loss of friends and family, illness, planting a garden, choosing paint colors, buying a new car-a sofa-toilet paper, vacations, volunteering.
Thursday, May 10
Many of the decisions at Sierra Nevada consider the environment. They currently use about 5:1 water to beer produced, including the restaurant. This is close to the stated goal of 3.5:1 by the larger American breweries and should continue to improve. There is a waste-water treatment plant on-site and I believe some of the gas produced there helps feed the Fuel Cells. An impressive solar array provides a large portion of their energy. A vegetable garden provides fresh produce to the restaurant. It is refreshing to see a company put this much effort into their true bottom line than focusing solely on profits (and many of these decisions may increase that aspect down the road as well). The long term outlook and Ken's mechanical aptitude provide a solid basis for Sierra Nevada's growth.
An eighth grade girl was taken today . . .
Mostyn-Stunning architecture and galleries that host the best of local and international modern art. Has an amazing shop in the entrance.
ICD probes accidental death during raid - 24 Nov
3+ tsp vanilla
I told our coordinator I loved The Beatles, so I'm only assuming something Beatles was played.
xx
‘Cause I Said So – The Godfathers
I kinda sorta skipped band this past week for two reasons: 1. I didn’t want to go to nasty sectionals and 2. I had a lot to get done homework-wise after doing nothing all weekend. I didn’t feel that bad about missing band.
I used a Tilda from 2010 Easter collection I believe. She is colored with copics. The eggs I used Creative Inspiration Paints (Peach, Sky Blue, and Mellow Yellow). I used some Wild Rose Studio papers, and some lace and pearls.
I discovered something VERY wonderful about my iPad. First of all, there is a PBS app. You can watch episodes of Masterpiece Classic and it's totally free! ACK! Plus, the kids talked us into getting a Netflix account which streams movies directly through our Wii and X-box. But guess what else? You got it ... THERE IS AN IPAD APP! YES! So I have been catching up on all of the period dramas I have missed. AHHHHHH! Heaven! After the kids are tucked into bed, I put on my headphones and get lost in the beauty of the MC (Masterpiece Classic!) here's my list of what I have watched ...
Professional organizations usually offer several opportunities to attend events where you can earn CEUs throughout the year, and these are often free. BUT, these events may not fit into your schedule. Don't get me wrong, I am a firm believer in continuing education -- I have taken several continuing education design courses in the last couple of years that I felt would enhance my work, but they weren't recognized by my organization's accrediting body.
I wonder if God sometimes withholds gratification until we learn to communicate respectfully with an attitude of trust and appreciation –to help us mature. I hear him say, “Use your words, honey.”
Reggae dubsters - Robbie Shakespeare Sly Dunbar...
The PAWS Photo Contest is open to everyone. You may participate in the contest in two ways, by submitting photos, and by liking photos. People who submit photos may also like other people’s photos. PAWS is not responsible for any unauthorized use of your photos by Facebook users. You may participate in the contest in two ways, by submitting photos, and by liking photos, however, only people entering photos are eligible for the grand prize.
Oh, and can I just quickly add that, at the end, where everything happens off-screen… (off-text, off-scene? How would you put it?) and is settled through letters and rumors and the presence of a magical omniscient narrator who tells us rather than shows us what happens to all the character, all seems like a sort-of cop-out? It all just works itself out so that Fanny and Edmund end up together.
Bill (Gesturing) “I want a really big one!”
BAKE 9-10 minutes or until a toothpick inserted in the center still comes out a bit "gooey"
To lose weight, you need to take in fewer calories than you use. This is where your diet comes in; which may be in need of an overhaul. But, you don’t want to lower your calories at the expense of nutrition.
Give these a try! If a novice like me can do it, anyone can! Just be sure to read through Our Best Bites' great tutorials first! =)
Remember I self-published a book in April? Well, the book is available on Amazon, and you can take a quick peek inside before you buy it. It's now available for $9.99 on paperback, and for only $3.99 on the Kindle. It's a good book, a nice and easy summer read. CHECK IT OUT!
I didn't have time to work on the bracelet because of my work schedule and all the stress that comes with moving across the country!
Swervedriver were and are one of the best and most underrated '90s guitar bands, but even more underrated is the solo band of their frontman. Maybe his newer tunes don't have the same pedal-to-the-floor rush of the Swervies' crusin' tunes, but that's not really the goal. Instead, Franklin opts for a tastefully psychedelic approach that floats pleasantly by. "Ramonesland" is a simply-told tale about hanging out with a wonderful, unattainable girl. "And even when you've got her, you don't feel you'll ever get her," sighs Franklin with the opening verse. Later, he even adds that she "plays the Red House Painters/And it sounds fuckin' depressing." Unintentional mixtape self-referencing-- I love it!
“Everything on this hellhole planet feels the need to leave a mark behind. An old man can’t even walk the beach in the evening without kicking up old cigarette butts or soda can tabs between the demolished remnants of shells picked clean of any of which may have survived the sea in tact. An old man can’t even rest his eyes on the shore without being reminded that ‘Jack + Kate were here’ etching their half-assed romanticism in the sand. Everything leaves a mark, a scar. A reminder. A cry for attention. Everyone is afraid of their own mortality.”
Jacs xxxx
1) Using a mandolin slicer, or a beveled santoku knife, very thinly slice the zucchini the long way into ribbons. If you don't care about presentation, you can also just cut it in half, then thinly slice half-moon circles...a bit easier.
Today I come to you with a project I got from the Dollarama. It was all pre cut, I just had to assemble it. But I thought I could trace the pieces and provide a pattern for those who would have the material on hand already!
These intimate personal conversations with Rufus’ own family in these two songs should not leave the impression that there is a dominant heavy and gloomy sound to the album. Yes, that sound is definitely to tumble on and there is a melancholic tune to some of the songs. However, it is a moving collection of many unexpected pieces that are successfully combined into one consistent album…An album that turns into a musical open buffet, worthwhile to listen to at least to hear how Rufus would meet the sound of an earlier epoch.
Consider this: When Amanda is shipped off to her grandparents for the summer (after that little problem at school) she knows she's in for the most boring summer of her life.
The sharp-eyed among you will note that Lilio died under the old calendar, which must have been annoying for him. But it took England another 200 years to adopt the Gregorian reform, putting it out of kilter with most of Europe. "Give us back our eleven days!" cried the English in September 1752 when Wednesday 2nd was followed by Thursday 14th.
Who better than the Violent Femmes?
happy birthday! A very special birthday indeed!
The next step is to choose a coordinating fabric for the ruffles.
“A live concert to me is exciting because of all the electricity that is generated in the crowd and on stage. It’s my favorite part of the business, live concerts.”
333 **8. "Angels we have heard on high." Greek Star, Chicago, Illinois, December 21, 2000, p. 20. (Source: Item E-XII/11/1998, below. Incorporated in Item C-1998(12), above, pp. 862-63.)
Anyway, I am loosing track of what I was going to say.
After a while though, my thinking head kicked in. Firstly I did not know for sure that he was doing anything. Secondly the woman he was dating would surely be responsible for her daughters?And the photographs?Well they were all taken under the watchful eyes of the parents. Yes they were treading a border but then that only started me thinking about borders.
Friendship is not something I can teach my kids. I can teach them to be kind , take care of one another, and have fun together but I can't teach them the importance of not only being a good friend but having one too. I know I wouldn't trade mine for the world.
Then on a trip to Dollar Tree I came across Maybelline Express Finish Blue Water. I picked it up because it looked cool and I had nothing like it. When I got home, I searched Google and discovered via ebay that this polish was apparently discontinued as well. Notice that it is going for $12.99 on ebay and I got it for $1.06 at Dollar Tree. I also picked up Violet Water and plan to layer it over a flakie for an attempt at NFU 51 inspired mani.
The ban on refuelling was originally envisaged as a method to liven up the show, forcing drivers to overtake rather than wait for pitstops. Making the cars fuel tanks big enough to house the 170+ kg of fuel for a race distance has been a well publicised challenge. But there’s another facing the teams brought in by the rule change. How the cars handling changes with the ever lightening fuel load.
If you have a little time this month, why not add this sketch challenge to your 'to do' list for a chance to win some gorgeous Dusty Attic product? Pop over HERE for a little looksee. I would love to see your entries in the gallery!!
We are living now through the second age of eugenics but this time the damage will be far less easy to repair.
Stop at her hotel (Tribeca Grand) so she can change into yoga pants.
Just shredded pieces
I can't believe that my second Blogeversary is here and I would like to take the opportunity to say Thank You for your support,your friendship and for taking the time to leave me your lovely comments.I got so spoiled this year so it is time to give at least something back .Here is what you can win.
Muslim Council of Britain
“Already in the 1980’s it was stated that a dairy farm should include at least 85 cows to be profitable, “ Gertenbach concluded.
"Maybe the hillbillies in the hillbilly hot tub could, you know, be eating Quiznos subs?"
Thai governmental nurseries give away seedlings of these trees (and other trees too, like teak) for free, which is a fantastic project to promote reforestation, add beauty and shade to the landscape and to prevent erosion.
Maybe what I’m actually concerned about is what the implications may be for my own future children and the kids of my peers. Are they just going to remember being over-stimulated, over-digitized, and over-exposed? And in thirty years will we have retreated back to landlines and more thoughtful privacy rules because we finally tired of loving Big Brother? I adore my 2-year-old goddaughter — my brother’s youngest child — and she definitely said to me over Christmas, “You have an iPod.” One of my colleagues told me that her daughters — who are approximately 7 and 5, respectively — will take a picture and say, “Mommy, are you going to post this on Facebook?” Frightening, but a result of what we have created collectively.
As I mentioned before, this is definitely Jena’s story. It’s about her growing up, and learning the limits of what she can control. And more than that – that it is OK that she can’t control everything, because everyone has their own set of choices to make.
What did I 20 questions Dr. Dad about?
I made pear butter this weekend. It is the bomb! The bomb! I went a little nuts and bought a bunch more pears. I was going to make more pear butter, but MightyMo asked me to find a recipe for pear preserves like his grandmother used to make. (A sign of his 'approval' of the stuff I've been making.) I am searching. I also will be doing more with apples. (see next blurb!)
11 He replied to them, “The one who has two shirts must share with someone who has none, and the one who has food must do the same.”
Last of all there might be the unexpected technical development, the ‘silver bullet’, the one idea we didn’t see coming. We’ve had the double diffuser and F-Duct in recent years, while exhaust blown diffusers have thrown up some new development directions. What idea it will be this year, is hard, if not impossible to predict. If not something completely new, then most likely an aggressive variation of the exhaust, sidepod or suspension ideas discussed below.
I don't know why. It happened fast. They were on the hoods. Then they weren't. I can only assume it was a bump or a pothole. But off they were. And as I was about to make a turn, albeit at a measly 30kmh, I really needed them on. Yeah, it happened fast. But everything else happened slow. Slowly, my latest bike and I sped toward the very wrong side of the road. Slowly, I tried to regain balance, get my hands on the bars, make the turn. Slowly, the red van in the corner of my eye hurtled towards me.
The folks I know who are full time freelance travel writers are in a continuous cycle of pitch, write, edit, research, travel, repeat. It’s a lot of work, and it’s not clear to me that money is that good. I know a few staffers, too, and you know what? They’re just like your friends with day jobs. They have meetings and process and office politics and frustrations. Sure, they get to go some places, but so does the outside sales guy, and he doesn’t have to see his story eviscerated before it goes to press.
What can I say, my sweet boy LOVES his legos. He loves this box more than the couple of sets I have bought him. This mish mash bunch of legos are special. They came from his grandpa. :) This is the one thing that he plays with daily. I love watching him create. I love too his silly ways, like when he is laying in his lego box. :)
Eastbourne is sometimes described as 'God's waiting room' since many retired and elderly live there. It isn't entirely fair on Eastbourne, of course, because there are people young and old who live there, but there we go. Nitzchke sees his role in life as that of a doctor 'helping people along' on their journey out of this World and into the next. Where we would say that we can 'help people along' in suffering, old age and infirmity through our care and our prayers, and after natural death by our prayers, Nitzchke takes the more maverick view that we can help people along by helping them kick the bucket. In other words:
1-13 Cross Crisis In Lust Storm 5:20
-I am sad because of what you went through and how you hated not being able to be active
AND of course THANK YOU ALL for joining in.
Here is our wake up call: 1 Peter 5:8 "Be self-controlled and alert. Your enemy the devil prowls around like a roaring lion looking for someone to devour."
After ruling out reflux when her reflux medication made the situation worse, we determined that Sophie's unsettledness was due to a few reasons. Basically a lactose overload caused by my huge milk supply, a fast let down and Sophie's super strong sucking action were giving her an overfull, uncomfortable belly leading to very bad colic. Since our hospital stay, Sophie has been on shorter feeds and has gradually become a much happier baby. I don't know whether it's due to her new feeding regime, the natural colic medicine we've been trying, a few dietary changes I've made or the simple fact that Sophie is getting older but something is helping and I all I know is that it's pure bliss having a smily, more content baby now.
Guess Im never really early
Hope you like the new layout. And just so you don’t feel cheated by a lame post, here’s a new picture I took this past weekend.
The condensed version: long run today changed to longish hike, 16.5 miles from Gold Bar (up) to Wallace Lake and back (down). Even though I didn't run, my legs are tired. And rather sore.
1/2 C. mini semi-sweet chocolate chips ( I use regular size since I don’t have any miniature chips)
New Adventures of Old Christine
Infinitive Analytics works closely with CMOs, digital marketers and their agency partners to set a course for digital success. Their solutions generate superior returns on investments in online & mobile marketing, e-commerce, social media & digital analytics.
I really loved the option of adding the navy trim but I just couldn't get on board with the look.
Tools: DooHickeys Flag & Cloud, Vintage Keys, Vintange Flowers & Leaf from Magnolia, Bezaubernde Blumen SetI from Whiff of Joy, Cornerpunch from Whiff of Joy
The Myth of Racial Equality.
She has been on antibiotics every day since she was 3 months old to help prevent an infection (she had a pretty bad one when she was 3 months old). Yesterday, we went to see the kidney specialist because her left kidney isn't functioning 100%. We weren't expecting much. When she was first diagnosed, we were told that often these things repair themselves and it's not a big concern.
Also, try the Golden Fried Chicken. It has nothing to do with the name. It’s like any other fried chicken servings with just crispier texture but the sauce makes you feel you’ve hit a pot of gold. It has this remarkable taste that’s somewhere in between of salty and sweet. The warmth would help bring out its sweet flavors. Thanks to the nameless sauce.
A while back, I realized that I didn't like posting more personal things much anymore because my friends started including a ton of people I really didn't know - people who found me, for instance, because of the work I do with Veterans. Suddenly, my list of friends had increased. I started looking at the list and couldn't really identify a hundred or more. Or I could identify them, but had never met them, shared conversation or a Coke or a meal ... or real feelings. Actually, I didn't want them to know my real feelings. I became uncomfortable. Everything I started to post, I had to consider ole Jimmy Joe or Mark or Bertha Lou ... what would they think? Did I really want them to know about this?
Albany
Incremental shifts in perception that may or may not pay off in the long run might be fine if you are a market leader, established for generations, or willing to wait ten years for payback.
Once we got to the campground, I aked Lynda take the dogs and leave me for an hour. I cleaned as best I could, wiping surfaces and vacuuming up the Chicken Dust. But I knew it would take much more effort than that to get the Trek properly cleaned up.
Icewolf: *laughs* aren't you unusually perky?
Crazy as that loon Robert
But I feel blessing (and I am not talking prosperity gospel at all) is being held back from me.
I’ve written before about how art directors tend to have better dress sense than writers. I think the same is true of them being more practical. They’re always fitting a new bathroom, or building an extension onto their house. Or cave.
Thanks to Sherry Cheever and her great instructions for the Mini Pizza Box. I made these today and I think they are way too cute. They hold quite a bit too.... 3 one bite bars and 6 kisses, along with some cello grass.
12. From copies of Bank documents received by Neil Keenan, within the Green Hilton Memorial Agreement, the funds the amounts of gold and platinum are specified. These amounts of gold are certificated and the certificates and ledger copies with full and exact identification and recognition codes are available. These certificates are further proven by the bank reports, copies of which are now held by Neil Keenan. The truth of these instruments can be vigorously defended through documentation in our hands and further through interrogation of the Black Screens where the off ledger collateral is held, together with an interrogation of the grey and blue screens where we will find enormous fraud from the illegal use of these assets.
(Warning: contains spoilers)
Let me tell you about your new sisters and brothers. The twelve Faverolles eggs came as promised as did a hatchery selection of twelve bantams: 6 Quail Belgian Bearded D’Anvers, 2 Porcelain Belgian Bearded D’Uccles, 2 Golden Sebrights, and 2 Silver Sebrights. I admit I had a momentary twang of disappointment. These were not the breeds I was hoping for! Where were the Silkies with their funny feather poofs? The Barnvelders with eggs the color of dark chocolate? Why did I have to get these birds out of all the possible breeds that the hatchery carried? Mommy was sad because she had read that the pretty Sebrights can be standoffish and flighty; Quail D’Anvers sweet, but plain. Does this mean I’m a bad mommy? Then I thought that perhaps this was a cosmic lesson in acceptance and love. I pushed that disappointment away and made a promise: I am your mommy and I will love you no matter what.
And have a giggle at the vid, too.
The big dynamic text field inside the start screen movie clip symbol.
Take a moment today to list three intangible things that you REALLY want out of life and make it a point THIS WEEKEND to pursue those people (or things).
It can not be disputed that our economy is in a far worse state than it was before the decade long tsunami of immigration we have just lived through, so how exactly has immigration made it any better?!
They said to him, “The things that happened to Jesus the Nazarene, who was a prophet mighty in deed and word before God and all the people, how our chief priests and rulers both handed him over to a sentence of death and crucified him.
Wholesale Trade, Nondurable Goods
In keeping with my "Twilight" theme for the day, I designed a WordArt Pack for Twilight quotes, which I can't sell - LMBO! Because of copyrights, I'm not allowed to sell any quote that is under 40 - 50 years old. Well, that's from a movie, song, or person, anyways. SO, I have this AWESOME WordArt Pack that I'm gonna be giving away. Look for it next week. I'm gonna split it up over 4 days, and if you come each day, you'll be able to get the 4 pack. Wanna see a preview??? Oh yeah, I'm sure you do :)
Hearing this, Vivuli inspected the sloping tunnel's side walls more carefully, and noticed that the dark tint of the stone was due to the fact that the walls were permanently charred. Taking this as a bad sign, the party decided to turn around and hastily retreat back uphill and northward. It was a smart move, but almost came too late: as they hastily retreated, there was a heat surge from behind them, and then a huge, searing flame blast swept up the passage. Some of the party took damage, and Beastarr had his fur burned off.
Brown and OC’s new album is by no means not making news, currently at no. 8 on the U.S. iTunes chart, the album is most definitely something that leaves a lasting impression. From the old-school raw feel of one half to the new-age industrial funk some artists are opening up to, OC slices through all of Brown’s solid beats with ease. The album is more than enough to put both artists up on the A.V.S. radar and we hope to see them put some up tour dates very soon!
A Yes, he did.
This is the first Chocolate Fudge Brownies I made without the nut. I tried to get playful with it and my brother actually made fun of how it looked, LOL really funny.
I thought perhaps I’d try it
For those who don't know this PROPER BEER started life as a imperial stout which already has a high alcohol percentage at usually around 8% - 12%. Then it was aged for a total of 16 months in Isle of Arran whisky casks and in Islay whisky casks.Then the BREWDOG crew stuck the brew in a ice-cream factory cool room to ferment and implement the increase of the ABV content.
Indeed, Khmer architecture features nature lovingly interacting with it. The complexity of the layout of Ta Prohm is enhanced by its partly collapsed state, with trees interlaced among the ruins. This was the temple chosen to be left in its natural state to show how most of the Angkor temples looked upon its discovery during the 19th century. The tree shall then becomes a support for the temple, but when it dies, or is felled by a storm, the loosened blocks of the temple shall eventually collapse as well.
Relax, and breath easily and slowly whilst you do this.
The single was released on 12" vinyl and on 2xCDs. Rounding up all the various b-sides and extra tracks:-
Join a geocaching adventure in the spectacular Lake of the Ozarks wilderness, with Lyssa, the reluctant volunteer whose former nemesis is now her chief sponsor; Madison, a city girl paired with an outdoorsy guy who gets on her very last nerve; cautious Reagan, who meets an equally cautious guy; and Hadley, who doesn’t know enough about guys to realize she’s met a womanizer. Will they find the treasure they’re looking for … or something else entirely? "Topaz Treasure" (first novella in Rainbow's End) by Valerie Comer Closet believer Lyssa Quinn steps out of her comfort zone to help coordinate the Rainbow’s End geocaching hunt her church is using as an outreach event. She’s not expecting her former humanities prof–young, handsome, anti-Christian Kirk Kennedy–to be at the Lake of the Ozarks at all, let along in a position to provide sponsorship to the treasure hunt. How can she trust someone who once shredded her best friend’s faith?
Here’s a table from the paper. Look at those R values, and note that if you squared those correlation constants (go ahead, use your calculator on your cell phone) you get numbers that are way, way smaller – like what I and Gary Rubenstein reported concerning DCPS and NYCPS.
Cannonball Read IV: Book #16/52
M. Mom’s name: Gayle
4. Losing Hold (White, Argent) (5:32)
The first time I saw her was in a vampire den, years and lifetimes ago. A rockabilly punk-rocker dancing to Thrill Kill Kult's Sex on Wheels, her mohawk was quiet impressive to behold. She was interesting, but we didn't speak, and the passing glance may have been my own monkey watching gaze. A subject with interesting plumage, nothing more.
The Lord is the everlasting God, the Creator of the ends of the earth. He will not grow tired or weary, and his understanding no one can fathom. He gives strength to the weary and increases the power of the weak. Isa 40:28-29
She should’ve known the healing was too good to be true. No one gets away with murder…for very long, anyway.
The oyster in the baked oyster is fresh. My better half loves it and is a big fan of it. She ordered it again and again. :) For me, while I love baked oyster at Tokyo Garden, I don’t quite like the taste of Macleod‘s version, the mix of sauce (a bit more on the sour side) and mushroom. So I will give you two ratings.
I am caught in the eternal dilemma of the blogger. I am surrounded by outrageous people but feel very limited by what I'm allowed to write about them. So, do I write the funny, often bizarre, rarely appropriate stories of what these people do, or do I preserve friendships and save my house from being burned down by the crazed madman friend who said he would do exactly that if he ever recognized himself in the blog? (There's seriously something wrong with that guy.)
Take a stand and create a promotional piece that advances (or fights against) your favorite issue which falls under the umbrella name of Social Responsibility.
As for the writing, well, I'm not exactly sure. I'd have to go back and check because my attention wasn't drawn to how it was written, only to the story.
I think the combination of the good recipe, the addition of sour cream to make it extra soft and me watching the oven like a hawk proved to be the best batch of my life. No joke.
Bernie Rhodenbarr series by Lawrence Block
I had a perfectly beautiful weekend. On Saturday morning, I awoke to a snow-covered world. It was a surprise, although I knew we would be getting a little weather in the night. The surprise was that it was such a wet snow, and every branch and twig were covered.
That’s all!
Another complication arises within Christianity itself with more division based on interpretation of scripture. Known as “Dominionism“, this association of churches believes that only after they have conquered all aspects of life on earth – the Seven Mountains - will Jesus’ second coming occur. One disturbing component to the doctrine observed by Dominionists – claiming a membership of almost 50 million people according to one source – is summed up by sociologist Sarah Diamond, that, “…Christians alone are Biblically mandated to occupy all secular institutions until Christ returns–and there is no consensus on when that might be. That, in a nutshell, is the idea of “dominionism.“
“Thought all white people liked extra cheese.” This brought a snicker of delight from Roland and Mike but a slight mew of disapproval came from Piper’s mother. Marley wanted to say something about Hispanics eating fried plantains and their propensity to constantly play crappy music consisting of large horn sections at much too loud levels to early hours of the morning. Marley wanted to. But he didn’t and just took the hand towel from Piper’s mom with a sheepish smile. She smiled back at him and patted him on the shoulder as she motioned him to go back to his seat then slapped her son hard on his arm.
Goal: Create the actual dialogue that will appear in the comic.
Was it a successful day? I would say yes! We saved some moola on quite a few things, which is always reason to sing a little song! We had a typical fantastic time, since we were together! Lessons Learned? I would say I wish we would have hit up some thrift stores first, before going new all the way. That would have been possible if we would have chosen to go on a Saturday when shops open earlier, which in turn would have given us much more browsing time. We also didn't get to hit all the shops we had in mind, which may call for another shopping day, but what girly girl would ever complain about that?!
Caribbean. Toujouors le Caribe.
Now for a quick update on our front door... it was long overdue to retire the winter wreath:
Porsche unveiled a new Boxster variant this week, the all electric Boxster E is a “mobile laboratory” for testing Porsche’s future electric drivetrain technology. There are currently 3 identical Boxster E’s being tested on the roads of Stuttgart, near the Porsche factory in Germany.
If you see too much, you won't want anymore.
The video on the first page is on Nick Minton’s feed efficiency research. This research focuses on using the least amount of resources to feed cattle, while still yielding the best quality meat. This method is effective because it keeps costs low for producers of beef, which translates to the lowest cost for consumers as well.
Iván Meade – On your website you can read about the “new mystery showhome” you are working on. Can you elaborate on this project?
You have crossed the line - you have had sexual intercourse. SHAME ON YOU - YOU VILE DESPICABLE MOUNDS OF TRIPE FODDER!
Good luck everyone,
As the general election is set and the two presidential candidates square themselves into their positions the vote public wants to hear what each has done, what each has accomplished. Here are their views of what they’ve achieved and what they will bring to the presidency.
44=Rhode Island
At a Congressional Subcommittee hearing, periodically testy Rep. Dennis Kucinich presses some New York City officials on “gaming” the Yankee Stadium assessment. The officials don't give much ground, but Richard Brodsky thinks he's found a “smoking gun.”
of a turgid mind
When eating from a CSA you can't always (aka never) pick what you get unless you get extras. This makes your first venture into CSA from a 'normal' diet quite difficult. Not only do you find odd pieces of food you don't know what to do with (kohlrabi seems to be the fun one - that, and yakons) but you also have to suddenly learn how to work with what you have. Gone are the days of buying at the shops what you need per meal - instead you have to work out how to change virtually every recipe to adapt to what's in the fridge so it doesn't go off. For beginners, this can be quite difficult.
It usually takes about a week to see the the new sprouts pop up.
he was afraid it would knock them down.
YAY. Still very happy with this one.
We begin in the produce section where all these wonderfully, artistically arranged pyramids of fruit stand. There is something so irresistibly appealing about the apple on the bottom of the pile, that a child cannot help but try to touch it. Much like a bug to a zapper, the child is drawn to this piece of fruit. I turn around to the sounds of apples cascading down the display and onto the floor. Like Indiana Jones, there stands my son holding the all-consuming treasure that he just HAD to get and gazing at me with this dumbfounded look as if to say, “Did you see that??? Wow! I never thought that would happen!”
If my wife or brothers don’t hide my Harley’s keys to keep me at work.
Thank God for the Saturated Worship Conference!
Yeah, okay, I'm feeling kind of sappy now. But, well, she's my sister. I could go on so much longer: I could talk about how we've always looked out for and defended each other. I could talk about how awesome (and witty, intelligent, hilarious, social, thoughtful, compassionate...) my sister is, and about all the cool things she does (like play snare drum in a Highland band, and be a Ninja--really, she takes Ninjitsu--and write novels, and sew plushies...), and all that jazz. But I think I'm going to stop here, and finish instead with this quote from Kate, of Un-Schooled, who says it all so much better than I've managed to in this post:
Psalm 122:6 ¶ Pray for the peace of Jerusalem: they shall prosper that love thee.
Has anybody ever looked at you in a way you will never forget?
As I have written below, I have my own reservations about a culture of recommendation without careful analysis, but I seem to be being held up as one of Susan Hill's main supporters on positive reviewing (see the Guardian Arts blog). A real first for The Bitch: never before in her life has she been identified with 'simpering acolytes'.
Spoon over the cakes, smoothing it over with a teaspoon, then just before it set’s dip the cakes into the sugar sprinkles.
Listen to soft strains of John Tesh... playing piano solace in the background. Does anyone else turn on the noise to drown out the noise? However melodic and soothing? Just asking.
I repeatedly discover
Absolutely, I did.
This “fun-filled Holiday Event also Includes Snooki Handbags, Slippers, Sunglasses and ‘Crocodilly.’” Are those the sunglasses with the chains hanging down? We like them!
Nominate 7 bloggers, let them know they’ve been nominated and provide their links…..
Relight Rule No. 3: Honesty is the best policy — be honest with yourself and ask if the annoying issues that broke you up in the first place have changed. If in your heart you know these issues are still hanging over your heads this is a bad basis for getting back together.
Rock, Roll ‘n Ride Trike XL is built Fisher-Price tough, with features designed for kids including a wide wheelbase for stability, an adjustable seat, a footrest that flips up and out of the way, chunky pedals and easy-grip handlebars. In addition, the trike is built perfect for parents to push their kids along. The X-tra long push handle provides the length and leg-room required to comfortably stroll behind your child. Lots of fun for kids and parents alike!
"I am apt to suspect the negroes and in general all the other species of men (for there are four or five different kinds) to be naturally inferior to the whites. There never was a civilized nation of any other complexion than white, nor even any individual eminent either in action or speculation."Historical figures and leading intellectuals. Elizabeth.1 in 1601 had the “Blackamoors””voided from the realm.” Edward Gibbon, the great historian of the Collapse of Rome, warned of a time hence when minarets would sprout amongst the spires of Oxford. G.K.Chesterton predicted war with Muslims in England in his novel The Flying Inn (1912).
I kneeled down next to his body while another woman stood beside me
Thanks for doing this interview Gavin! And finally, is there anything else that you want people to know, that you want the readers to know.
The entrance of our lives is our conscience. That is the truth of the Lord in which we allow into our lives. It is an unfortunate reality that this warzone requires that we guard our minds, denying most of what we hear and experience. The evil and lies of the devil manipulate us by clinging to our understanding of sin because we have chosen it. Sin crouches at our door seeking to master us – we must master it. We read God’s Bible and listen carefully, Him speaking to us.
For eight days they celebrated the dedication of the altar and joyfully offered burnt offerings and sacrifices of deliverance and praise.
Jean-Michel Pollono, Mouleres' attorney, said the court in Nantes had ruled "we are in a free country, and as a result, everything that isn't forbidden is allowed."
- The final flight of Concorde took place;
I write for more than one medium, but am I a storyteller? It depends what we mean by telling stories. I’d quite like to be able to see myself as a storyteller, but I need to re-define the idea first. There’s an assumption that all writers (other than poets?) are at their core – storytellers. I hope this rule is one of the ones that the book explores, overturns, and looks at differently.
This is a real problem – that a generation habitually breaks the law. If people see the law as something that doesn’t reflect the values by which they live their lives then the rule of law is fatally undermined. The rule of law sounds boring and kind of off putting but it’s called that because it’s the only alternative to the rule of tyrants. Law is allowed to rule because it applies to everybody, even leaders. It prevents the catastrophic establishment of privilege (which is just Latin for private law) but it requires consent to work. By letting the law fall so out of step with what young people do in their daily lives and with how creative work is made, legislators have started down a dangerous path that leads to very bad places and it needs fixing.
I open me eyes almost immediately and I'm looking up at a small white light - literally a small white light in the form of a swinging light-bulb.
Driven, beautiful Alexis Sinclair lives her life to the fullest, following her dreams of running a big company. But when her world is torn apart by a storm, everything she has ever known disappears. Now, marooned on an island with a group of men, Alexis must learn to live in a world made up of simple things. Letting go of every known convenience, she realizes how insignificant her life has become. Filled with unrequited love for her rescuer she must battle the demons buried deep inside and she must look within herself and to her faith to find the strength needed to survive. Strong and influential, Jacob Peterson, has done all he can to survive. When the fate turned its tables on him, he learned to cope with the inevitable. Plagued by his past and secrets buried there, Jacob exerts a rigid control, refusing to succumb to the joys, and torturous pain, of strong emotions. Without considering love-a gift he may never receive, he believes--he chooses to live by strict set of rules. But when a strange beautiful woman washes up on his beach, the walls that he has put up long ago begin to crumble. Is she a punishment sent from God to torment his weary soul? Or is she a gift, sent from above, there to teach him how to trust? Who is this woman? And how will he stop himself from losing his heart? Will he learn to forgive the past in order to save the woman he loves?
I'm doing a quick round up of some projects that are due as well. I miss the beach and warm sand already but my head is now down in design mode as winter approaches. My husband and I also run The Little Vintage Store, our own small store of vintage goods at The Underground Market. We will be running those during the peak seasons, and festivals in Wellington. Meanwhile he just got promoted to management in his firm which is good news in the current economic climes. And I have a couple of online shops to stock with handmade and vintage goods.
"So it doesn't surprise me so much when people meet me in the Supermarket and say how well it all seems to be going. They see you joking and acting just like you always did years ago on FaceBook before all this. A place like FaceBook is where all our local friends and relatives are, and a lot of your overseas friends. There's no lines to read between on FaceBook.
Jonathan from being the president.
Amongst other things...
to come up; Shahani didn’t even want me
These records all come from the Fall (and Winter) of 1973, which was the year that I really discovered Top 40 radio—and, of course, American Top 40 with Casey Kasem. Oh, I had occasionally been exposed to pop hits before then, but mostly through other people. But 1973 was the year I really started listening to the radio and discovering things for myself.
By Dave Kenny
The end result was that within an hour we had three blue vans, and got it all back working. Nobody'd been told what was going on, and the gas men said "Things have been busy". I pointed out that the street has a high number of elderly, housebound people, and without heat, for a little longer, they could expect hypothermia, some, my mother's neighbour, Margaret, for instance has senile dementia, she wouldn't know to call for help.
An interesting story, with a good grasp of teenage feelings, fears and desires. At times the story lacked continuity in flow but still a good read, one that the YA group would very much enjoy. This is book 1 of the series and I look forward to reading more of the story.
The love I always longed to find,
Farm-raised Fish Provide Less Usable Omega-3 Fats
ps How many times did I type olive oil in this post? Yes, some might say just type EVOO (I may be a tad dull at times, but it took a moment to register the first time I saw it). I don’t know, but it smacks a bit like waving your country club membership at have-nots. Not my cup of tea.
2 tbsp honey
Maybe there's more words left in me, I can't tell, I'm tired, fuck it, I'm not sure.
The combination of the copper hood and dramatic tile just seemed to call out for stained cabinets instead of the white ones I usually pick out for my dream kitchen. I like these because they're a little more rustic looking. I would do the top cabinets all with glass fronts to lighten things up a bit (and paint the backs creamy white or mustard-y yellow - not sure) and they would go alllllllll they way to the ceiling with a very, very simple moulding at the top. Very simple hardware as well, probably oiled bronze or black to blend in with the wood.
Any more.
★ 12月27日 Lyrics workshop at Mitsui Garden Hotel (11:00-15:00)
::Info Insert::
~ Go to bed by 11pm on weeknights (that is early for me - I have a bad habit of staying up too late).
If I see you next to never
It was not about the money money money
I have been seeing a very important magnetic pole aligned in May for the last several weeks or so. There is absolutely no doubt in my heart that these two timelines are related.
5) The two-pack is....wait for it.....TEN BUCKS!!! That's 12 yards of fabric folks!When you first take them out of the package they are crispy crunchy and will make you nervous. Just wash them with detergent and a good dose of fabric softener. I dried mine with no problems too and they came out like the yummiest, softest linen.
He refused to pay and police were called.
Jaws takes place in the fictional coastal town of Amity (in real life, Martha’s Vineyard), where a 25-foot great white shark starts attacking swimmers. In order to save this vacation town from financial ruin, sheriff Martin Brody (Roy Scheider), shark expert Matt Hooper (Richard Dreyfuss) and loony charter boat captain Quint (Robert Shaw) set out on a rickety fishing boat to kill the shark. That’s the movie in a nutshell, and while it doesn’t sound like much on paper, how the story is so masterfully told that it rightfully made a superstar out of young director Steven Spielberg. We don’t even see the shark until about halfway through, which made it even scarier (it has been well-documented that the decision not to show the animal too much stemmed from the fact the mechanical shark built for the film broke down pretty often).
Me: Pshaw, you say. Not possible.
This was disastrous. With the story out there, what chance did we have of saving the buffet or the Jim Davidson gig? I got my answer as I was firing up the Lagonda.
Exodar Elekk – 100 Champion’s Seals
are addressed and urgently
Thanks friends! See you when I get to Boston!
Goal # 3.
Before I continue with the beer notes, to help Lee I must say that the beers I'm drinking during this writing are the Springboard and Copper Hook Springtime beers. I'll just say that neither is my favorite. Springboard is pretty good, but gets too funky as you drink it…Wormwood, Goji berries, and Schisandra in it. I think I’m going to go blind or sport permanent wood. Try it if you like funk and New Belgium Beers. Copper Hook is a nice boring amber ale. Onto the beer tasting:
Genevieve Valentine's Mechanique is out. It is a remarkable book: the prose is beautiful yet spare, and the world of the circus is drawn with great detail and psychological precision, showing remarkable insight into how people work (physically as well as psychologically). In contrast, the outside world is barely suggested, and because of this intentional obliqueness it seems vaster, more alive with possibilities -- like a line drawing, in which a tree is suggested by only a few lines, the world of Tresaulti relies on the reader's mind to recognize the fullness of familiar shapes in a mere suggestion. It is a beautiful book, and if you at all like circuses, intense drama, damaged protagonists and mechanical people, I cannot recommend it highly enough.
As I write this in longhand on the 747, I am 2 hours 45 minutes into a 10 hour 45 minutes flight back to the UK.
Who we hope will read this document
Or it could just be that I so thoroughly understood her desperation on an intimately personal level that I couldn't help but empathize. In October of 2009, I visited Hong Kong for about a week, much of that time spent exploring the area on my own. I had a lovely time there, don't get me wrong, and there's something to be said for the freedom you have in exploring an unfamiliar area by yourself without the arguable burden of being tied down to other traveling companions' desires and expectations. For all the pleasures afforded by solo traveling, however, there were about as many instances when I found myself taking in a beautiful sight—say, walking along the Tsim Sha Tsui promenade overlooking Victoria Harbour (the source of the photo above)—or walking amidst a bevy of natives and fellow tourists, and feeling the full weight of loneliness, wishing I could share my excitement with someone else—or, at least, someone in the flesh rather than just online.
See here for more information on half marathon progressive training, simply increase the distances to fit in with the distance of your long run for marathon training.
This concludes my NaBloPoHalfMo effort for October. Tomorrow I either start NaNoWriMo or decide a blog post per day is enough of a commitment. You'll be the first to know which I chose.
This is definitely one of my favorite t-shirt projects, and was totally worth the time it took. In the end it probably took me 3 hours (which is actually less than this one.)
I’ll post up here one last time when the new one is ready.
Before I went to bed last night, I set the table for breakfast, found gloves and hats for each child, packed my own briefcase with teaching materials, and took a deep breath.
–My paraphrasing the collected works of Rick Santorum.
I also think Anger has a lot of importance, especially when it comes to healing.
veggie
Anyway, you get the picture – he’d be angry and upset and I’d be angry and upset and both of us would be full of self-righteous indignation as we stomped home.
(Proverbs 10:12, Jewish/English Bible, JPS 1917)
I thanked him, hung up, called Clint, and accused him of jacking with me. Such a great actor he was, pretending he had no idea what I was talking about, $1000 worth of groceries.
In Shakespeare’s time the working man was unlikely to ever have access to the machinery of the law, however wronged he might have been. All of us like to think that those days have gone, and that one of the basic pillars of our legal system is that the law is accessible to all, not just those who have the right connections or can afford it.
Performed by Stacie Ruth Stoelting,
Unless it has a direct bearing on extraplatonic availability, I don’t think I should have to wear the “Divorced” tag. But that's just me.
I really enjoyed my little gift of unanticipated street wisdom today from that random fellow, partly because I did not say a word to him first, and because it was unsolicited. But it still gave me something I needed to hear today.
In our government, an unhappy electorate will vote out incumbents and vote in fresh faces. When it comes to the Fourth Estate, consumers will vote with their feet and their wallets. To revive the Fourth Estate, professional journalists, and the companies that employ them, must flee hype and rebuild public trust the old fashioned way … one solid news story at a time.
Anyway, here I am world...I'm now a homeschooling mom emeritus. A real estate professional who needs to make some serious money.. The head of a homeschooling community, who needs to find the time to minister and reach out to share with younger moms. A gardener and "putterer about the house" who needs to find the time to get lost in projects without little children around to distract me. A runner and serious hiker who needs to prepare for a trip on the Appalachian trail. A mountain biker. A world traveller, who will finally get to see Europe, using my new British relatives as a stopping-off point. And hopefully, someday in the not-too-distant future, a grandmother.
The small butterfly is made with a nestabillity, the embossed portion is colored with stickels.
5- WE LEARN THE BEST COMEBACKS TO “FAT” JOKES:
7 LIST items in my shop
I am working long days now and I have more time to scrap and craft so I am really pleased.
It will be her last time to Singapore. After that, God knows when will I see her again as she is uprooting with her family from Jakarta to Toronto.
Cottage Cheese, sparingly
I was nervous because I haven’t been doing any speed work at all this training cycle, but I was able to hang in there. I forgot how much I loved doing speed work!
JON THOR BIRGISSON: I think we just go our own way. We don't actually listen to a lot of music in the band. I don't buy CD's a lot; I maybe bought one CD last year. I'm just stuck into some old music, like Billie Holiday and stuff, really nice, atmospheric, warm music. And I think the other guys do not listen to a lot of music. We're not music fanatics who are always listening to music. Maybe you get inspiration from other stuff, other beautiful things around you. If you see a nice tree or something it's good for you.
In the Ashram
Martha pulled out a pan and set it down. Fruit! There was plenty on the tree. Mary could fill a basket while Martha boiled water for the soup. She looked over her shoulder for Mary. Certainly Mary had gotten the men settled in the other room by now. She should be back here helping with preparations. There were a lot of things to do to prepare for meals if all those men were going to stay for dinner. What could be taking so long? Martha peeked around the doorway.
“As a fag at school, if I misfielded a ball I was put at the wicket and bowled at with no bat to protect me, and woe betide me if I shirked the ordeal. A little of this discipline might do good now.”
I wrote this story during the writing of my masters dissertation, during which my head was completely full of Milton (even moreso than usual!) and I had to provide myself with some kind of creative outlet to ease the Paradise Lost-pressure.
Electric Power Connections
The instructor I was with enlightened me that we don’t practice our stances because of their direct practicality because they are not really practical in any real life situations; we practice stances because mastering movements in stances will make natural footwork movement that much easier. One would never fight in a front stance because its length slows down one’s ability to kick and move. Similarly, walking stance is so small that hip motion and balance when being pushed become more challenging. However, if one can get really good at moving through long, awkward stances and tiny, little stances, then something like moving with a natural fighting stance will be a piece of cake.
(No Creation this week)
The fact of the matter is we all have problems, big and small. Deal with them. Leave the little issues at the door, pick up a kettlebell and swing your guts out.
All 220 pounds of my dad came down on top of me elbow-first. I struggled free from underneath his crumpled body and ran to my mom. My dad just lay there face-down in the road, like a Hefty bag full of shame.
His earlier life, however, proved to be far more difficult to corroborate. Although the events described in the reports of his military service did take place, details of his actual connection to them have been particularly elusive. Much has been made of his royal patronage, but I have not been able to unearth a single piece of contemporary evidence that Foster was ever a miniature painter to the Royal Family. Besides the single purported self portrait used to illustrate a 1907 article which I reproduced in Part 4, I have yet to find unequivocal evidence of a single miniature portrait, as opposed to a profile, painted by him.
Reality bites!
directed to fire at any attempts of trespass.
Interested in business reference? Don’t miss this opportunity to learn from the experts. The RUSA BRASS Education Committee presents:
Like I said, this was inspired by the flavor profile of cilantro salsa. I’m not a fan of spicy drinks, though, so I do not add any jalapeños to my margaritas. If you like the heat, though, you can definitely shake a few jalapeño slices into the cocktail for the full pineapple salsa effect. Similarly, you can also exclude the cilantro if you’re not a fan and still have delicious pineapple margaritas.
Hello Band Land,
If you have mild hypertension (diastolic – lower number – of 90 to 110 mmHg) your risk of a stroke over the next 5 years is 15 chances of every 1000 untreated patients (or 1.5 in a 100).1
In fact, Malaysia is hosting Asia’s largest oil and gas event from June 5 to 7, bringing top people from this industry to Kuala Lumpur.
I literally shrieked at her. “Oh, Lelo! You’ve killed Manny! Our poor little sapling! I am so mad at you! Go to timeout!” Then I sat her in the corner. Okay, I admit that my reaction was a bit steep, after all, Manny is just a tree. But the point was: On one hand, Lelo had deliberately disobeyed me, which I don’t take kindly to. One the other hand, I was developing quite a soft spot for the producer of such delectable fruits. I was beginning to love Manny, as one might a pet. (Judge away, I don’t give a damn what you think about this human-fruit love affair.) My husband was quite upset, too. He didn’t want to openly admit his ire, but he told me he was disappointed.
Now the cleric gets into it (buffed with bulls str, etc) and leaps off the roof onto the male, they both take massive damage and are prone, but it allows the party the round it takes to annhiliate the enemy.
Here is a closeup of the medallion. I added purple glitter around the edge to give a more layered look to the medallion without having to add more cardstock.
Grind the curry leaves with the red chillies and the coconut coarsely.
It’s 2012 and suddenly, fine doesn’t cut it anymore.
Nurse Linda is sitting at the desk across from the door, she turns to look who is here, a big broad smile forming. "Not again Jack, you're soaked," she says as she rises from the black desk chair. Nurse Linda walks over to the cabinets along the wall, and I reach down and start to pull the wet shirt off. Jack fumbles with one of his found relics when the sleeve pulls over his hand. There is a large purple and bluish area covering most of his stomach on the right side with a lump in the center. Up near his shoulder is a dark purple dot. Stunned, I ask, "Did you hit the rocks when you fell?" Hearing my question, Nurse Linda looks in our direction as she pulls the backpack of his clothes out of the tall cabinet and I hear a muffled gasp. She immediately calls out, "Becky come here." Becky is one of the older girls, maybe sixth grade, who helps out in the office. The nurse quickly moves across to us placing her hands on Jack's shoulders and gently turning him to face her. Jack objects, "My ouwglass, be careful...." and begins coughing again. The cough sounds deeper now, wet. When Becky comes to the door behind the desk area, Linda says, "Go tell Mrs. Bleeker to call 911 and to come help me, we need to call social services. Go." Becky's mouth dropped open as she turned and moved from the doorway.
The final straw was when I hadn't brought it up at an editorial meeting, (I was always too terrified of her to speak at editorial meetings, plus I hadn't realised I was meant to) so it hadn't been on the sales team's schedule and they hadn't told the bookshops about it so no one had put in advance orders yet.
Did I accomplish these things alone, by sheer force of will, unique intellect and personal virtuosity? Of course not. You don’t have to be religious to recognize absurdity in the concepts of hubris and the self-made man.
Now onto the most important part. How it stands up to the book. The book was better of course, they almost always are. They have more time and can be way more detailed. That being said I loved it. Sure I noticed the little changes here and there and they sped things along in some areas but they stayed surprisingly close to the book. I was not expecting things to be that close really and was pleasantly surprised. Sure did I miss a couple of lines I really wanted to see? Sure. They didn’t give as much Haymitch as I’d have liked and they cut a lot of the cave scene but that makes sense when you think it’s already a two and a half hour movie. They got the important parts in.
When Ann Dunham left Hawaii for Indonesia in 1965, she entered the country with Lobo Soetoro under a veil of an anthropologist. She was a math student at the HU. She earned her PhD in anthropology from HU in 1992, but posed as a trained anthropologist from 1965-1992 in Indonesia, Java, Pakistan,[60] Ghana, Nepal, Bangladesh, India, and Thailand.[61] So, who trained Ann Dunham as an anthropologist at HU or EWC prior to 1965? Dr. Gregory Bateson![62]
Happy Thursday!!
A comrade, for by day and night
And while it's a Disney Princess it's also a viable pseudo-historical ensemble I can wear to 1890-1900s events.
I would rather travel deep into the ocean than travel into space, the way things are today. The oceans are so teeming with such diversity of life, with so many different kinds of sea creatures and plants. I would love to be able to see the many life form deep in the sea that can’t be seen from land. Space travel would be exciting, experiencing weightlessness and seeing the earth from high above, but I would much prefer to see the fishes and the coral reefs and the whales and dolphins and other living organisms in the sea if I had a choice.
Now we have got to a stage where you want to write a killer track but want that pro touch?
Nina Kiriki Hoffman – Zits
Itty Bitty, as always, gets me prefolds as I need them and she helps me cue sometimes. She’s quite efficient at getting on the toilet without a stool now and even puts her clothes back on 50% of the time. It was funny, the other day she followed her daddy outside with just a shirt on. Daddy Man said she came right back inside and put on underwear, pants, socks, and shoes. Haha. I guess her kibbles and bits didn’t like the chilly air very much that day.
Resin Embellishment : Roses in Bloom by Webster's Pages
"Surely, you'd agree Mr. Sharshar, that a sane and discerning person wouldn't get lost that easily? there are always ways of finding your way back. Our folks are quite adept at using stars and other celestial objects to aid their sense of direction."
Well, it’s happened again. Another state legislature has marched lock-step to the tune of the homosexual activist agenda—and once again, it will have a direct impact on local schools.
The clearest sign that you are in a fantasy story is the presence of the fantastic. Whether it's mythical creatures like unicorns and dragons, mythical races like Elves and Dwarves, the existence of elements with properties that would be impossible in our world, or characters who possess magical powers, fantastical features are the one requirement of the genre.
I wish I knew why some evenings I have 'IT' and other evenings I don't. On 'IT-Less' nights I start asking myself a series of questions:
Then you flip it right-side out, press, and sew across the end. (The wider you make the strip of fabric, the easier it will be to flip.)
Them: "Hello, are you there? We can't see you."
Then there were some of the worst fire effects ever committed to film, and then it ended. When the highlight of a zombie film is the early eighties eurosex/ nudity scenes, it is safe to say that you have a bad zombie film. This is one of the worst movies that I have ever seen. Case closed. Well, actually, the soundtrack was pretty rad.
LG shook his head solemnly and laid the candy back down on the desk. "No," he said, "That's not a candy. That's a condom!"
The state has become so powerful that it can dictate what sort of food is proper and right. And of course they got it all wrong.
As extreme an example as this is, it is not far from our own penchant for sin. We are surrounded by temptation and often succumb. Our "hidden lives" are in opposition to the life we present for public view. What begins as a small diversion can grow to proportions seemingly uncontrollable and engulfing. In the day-to-day realities of business and work there are lies, cheating, stealing, deceit, greed and broken trust, even among those called by Christ. It's as if we say, day after day, "this is business, not personal," implying a separation of holiness from the mundane realities of the lives of the laity.
One who now wears a neck brace when forced with the exigent task of keeping his eyes up and his morality pure. At least until the next time....
NFC North:
I finally got busy and tried again in creating my grandsons
The marshmallow fondant was so easy to make! Sure, it was sticky for a while, but it was EASY! Did it taste good? YES! It was really sweet, but it was really good!
SAVORY HAND PIES
Epic! Yes He is, and far, far, beyond.
To celebrate, from 5.30pm onwards, visitors get to visit the island for free. Only on 29 and 30 January 2011. A great day to spend Saturday night with friends and family.
"Pippa's pregnant by Peck."
Here’s the evidence for that assertion….
"Sure thing Moon. I'll be there....just let me just finish off this crunchy, wafer cone and I'll be right with you honey".
The Four Knot would be furious when Pevan collected her again, but at least Pevan had a moment for concentration. Her boots thumped into a carpet of moss coating a slab of stone almost broad and flat enough to be a table, except that it rose less than a foot out of the thick grass around it. She took a few seconds' thought to properly memorise the place; a convenient spot for a Gate next time she needed to travel North in a hurry.
Sprig of mint
I've been craving sweets lately. I blame the baby! :)
Taking his lumps,
Improvements
3. Clementines
Mona: Go ahead, my King. Let this child be neither hers nor mine. Divide it, and then neither of us will have a child! We will be equal again!
He's been General Secretary of the British Haiku Society (1998-2000); served on the Board of Editors for the award-winning Red Moon Anthologies; and is a Life Member of the Fellowship of Australian Writers, Queensland.
Calling all TV persons, stylists, and producers who are Gay or Gay allied – Set up makeover booths in front of every Irish bar along the parade route and within its perimeters. Call the booths, “Queer Eye for the Irish Guy” and position “tv ready” gay men in front of them in extremely stylish clothing. It is a truth, in New York, that most of the people who attend the St. Patrick’s Day parade are NOT the stylin’ New Yorker, trend-setting, hipster guys, whether gay or straight, that you might find in Brooklyn. Nor is it the Irish-Irish tourist dressed in his perfectly tapered shirt and tailored – can’t get this brand in New York just yet – denim jeans attending the St. Pat’s parade. These are not the guys who go. (In fact, if it’s an Irish-Irish guy in New York, he’s probably trying to run away from all things Irish!) It’s the wannabe Irish-American guys from Staten Island, Queens, New Jersey and every place else in the world who frequent this parade and I’m sorry to say, but some of them need a makeover. (Because flannel button down shirts are only good for lumberjacks! Not for mass consumption!) The good looking, “tv ready” gay guys will approach their girlfriends, lest they get punched in the face by the flanneled-out dudes. Offer these girls, gift certificates to Forever 21 and Express and whatever the hell else is in the mall near them, if and only if, their guys get queer-eyed makeovers. Next, a team of stylists will turn these ex-lumberjacks into stylish trend setters. Meanwhile, the production team keeps their girlfriends soused in the bar next door. And the last step, turn these hot new specimens loose on their girlfriends who will drunkenly engage them in the best sex of their lives.
ScrapThat!'s BEAUTIFUL May 2nd Anniversary kit!!!!
American collectors say part of the reason for the strong sales was that the artist had been undervalued for too long, a fact that became clear as other art prices dropped. Compared to Jeff Koons's $25.7 million "Balloon Flower (Magenta)," Calder's dangling wire pieces still appear to be a good value, dealers say.
to simply persist and keep trying…
After carefully crossing the dreaded street, I entered the building of destination and took the elevator to the 17th floor to sign some legal documents. There is one thing that you should all remember. If an attorney rents an entire floor of a skyscraper, then you are paying some big bucks. (Try googling “big bucks” and see what you get.)
Polo: The Mansion: definitely fronts an elegant facade but is rather misleading, since most of it appears to be office space – leaving only the corner sliver as a retail store. Thin it may be, but we get 4 floors of it. I found the inside to be like an over-decorated movie set. That meant: too many oil paintings cluttered along the stairs, (as a painter, I didn’t think that was possible) a couple of which I wanted to consider closely, but the lighting wasn’t appropriate for viewing (the art deserved better). The staff who passed me looked concerned, as if I hadn’t realized the paintings were for decoration only!
I shall draw a winner on Sunday x
Here's a tip for the day:
For hope would be hope for the wrong thing;
A quote from Grayling – “They just don’t understand that in today’s world, things don’t come on a plate. That government can’t just create opportunity for all. That people have to go the extra mile if they want to succeed.
The Apostle Paul was before this great crowd of Jews in Jerusalem recounting his background. In Acts 22:12 he brought in a fellow Jew, Ananias by name, and used him as a character witness.
¼ t whole black onion seeds (kalonji), if available
Each human being has a body, a mind, and a soul. Each of these components of the human being serves a different purpose. They are distinct, yet they are not separate.
Dracula was made towards the beginning of the talkie era and has no musical score (except for part of Tchaikovsky’s Swan Lake in the opening credits). It was thought that audiences would be confused by music that wasn’t coming from a certain source. In 1999 Universal commissioned a new score from composer Phillip Glass. I watched the film with that score, which I had never done before. The music is good and fits the mood of the movie very well, but Glass over-scores the film. Most movies have music but not EVERY MINUTE OF THE FILM. Plus the mix is a little off and the music comes close to drowning out the dialogue. The music picks up the pace of the film more than the music-less version, but the dialogue thing bugs me. Make your own choice on that. Director Tod Browning (who also did Freaks) and cinematographer Karl Freund (who went on to direct The Mummy) create a rich atmosphere that has helped define the look of horror films for over seven decades. Dracula is a classic and rightfully so.
A few interviews (3-5) will be conducted within a small room, using appropriate recording equipment (microphone, camera) to ensure a high quality of sound and moving image. On the other hand a couple of vox pops will be conducted with my smart phone (SAMSUNG Galaxy S2) on the event day. This is necessary due to the high pace of the day and the lack of time and willingness of participants to engage in a professionally executed and longer lasting interview.
The apartment that I live in seems very efficient, in fact that was one of the selling points that the landlord kept stressing. I believe it has good insulation and weather stripping because it stays fairly warm during the winter without the heater constantly running. I also think that being the middle unit between two other units helps keep the unit warm and lessens the amount of heat lost. I very rarely even have to run the heater up stairs which is nice because that is where I spend the majority of my time. Another thing that is nice is the fact that the unit seems to stay fairly cool during the summer without running any fans. These characteristics allow for less energy use during the winter and summer months.
Origins: Examining the Evidence
Entitled I am Me, the text reads: I am a wife, I am a mummy, I am a daughter, I am a sister, I am a granddaughter, I am a niece, I am a friend, I am a student, I am a graduate, I am a worker, I am a crafter, I am a reader... I'm lots of other things too, but that's me in a nutshell!
People are starving in the unemployment line; soldiers are dying for rich men’s oil drilling rights on foreign shores; American homes are being foreclosed faster than being built; business are closing up and moving away; dignity is for sale online at Monster.com and faith in our government has turned into fear; Our hero’s are in comic books; Children have forgotten how to play tether ball and 4 square because Wii hasn’t digitized the game yet; The elderly freeze for prescriptions instead and predatory reverse mortgage lenders stand waiting with a pen like the big bad wolf outside their door; Planes fly into buildings and complete cities have been flooded leaving still today 10’s of thousands homeless in the street, 4 years later.
One of the thoughts that comes to mind is how little we have learned. People in many different parts of the world reacted with shock and horror when they heard of the extent of the Nazi attempt at genocide, and indeed those events added the word “genocide” to our vocabulary. Yet much of the force of the word has been lost because of attempts to trivialise it, and apply it to something less than the planned and deliberate attempt to exterminate a race of people.
We’ve explored some of the causes of status quo bias, now let us consider possible remedies. Here are some tips for countering status quo bias that can be immediately implemented:
Eliezer Jimenez, 38, New York, N.Y.
And they got a BAFTA, did they? Oh, that is ironic, isn't it? Very ironic. But only in this way: it's ironic that the people who hammered the final nail into TV's coffin - get this - are people who dish out TV awards!
I did my dreaded glucose tolerance test and all the other labs yesterday. All the "other labs" turned out great and normal. The glucose test, not so much. Apparently I have developed Gestational Diabetes. When my doctor told me, I have to admit I was in a bit of shock and then I started thinking wait a minute... I am not obese. I eat healthy. I talk care of myself. I have never had this with previous pregnancies. I don't get it. The doctor assured me that it was nothing I did, in fact she was kind of expecting this. What? She said, it is caused by a hormone released by the placenta. Obviously with three placentas my odds were much greater in developing GD. It made me feel,a little better knowing I didn't do anything to cause this. Still not happy, but a little better.
Then on April 9, one of my heroes and biggest fans, Shirley Wilkes-Johnson, passed away. As I wrote in my tribute to Shirley, I sent her a copy of every recipe I posted and she would post it on her Facebook page with comments such as "Here's another amazing recipe from my beautiful friend, Rhea. She's lost 113 lbs. and is a great Vegan activist." I would see her words and my heart would swell. This great woman, this Vegan warrior, this beautiful, loving person thought so highly...of me! That would propel me to cook, always thinking "I bet Shirley will like this one" and I couldn't wait to send her the recipe and get her reaction.
Heroes star Jimmy Jean-Louis hosted the prestigious awards, which included performances from Asa, 2Face Idibia and Senegal’s Viviane Ndour.
A variant of satay originating reputation Ponorogo, a city prerogative East Java. Tangible is specious from entire sliced marinated sneaking meat, and served shroud a relish fictional of peanuts and chilli flavouring. Garnished shadow shredded shallots, sambal ( chili adhesive ) and lime fluid. The uniqueness of this varient is each sword contains a full deceitful meat, not several slices. The meat again previously being marinated control spices and luscious soy flavouring for totally some times ( growth called " bacem " ) to grant spice to soak into the meat. The grill is specious fram terracotta earthenware that posses hole fix one side to acquiesce blowing the wind onto the burning obsidian. Later worth around 3 months, the earthenware grill would fracture apart, then essential act for replaced to confirm the hygiene of the grill. The dish served bury rice or lontong ( glutinous rice cake ).
Unfortunately, Nick interrupts Monroe’s entertainment so he can learn about Daemonfeuers. Monroe also mentions that a Grimm was found decapitated with the head still missing. Reapers are rumored to be the executioner. Fun times…..
Nothing registered. I still saw those birds in my mind. Had time actually stopped or was I moving faster?
But when the woman demanded more, the exhausted man said no.
that while it seems clear that persecution, however systematic, was unlikely to have eliminated Protestantism entirely as an underground movement, the exile or execution of its leaders, and the determined clampdown on the most intransigent members of the evangelical rank and file, had in fact frightened most members of the movement into outward conformity, and had created disarray in the relatively few Tudor communities in which Protestantism had establish a significant presence (80).
Enjoy your flowers or give a bouquet to Grandma! xoxo Kate
Cool the cake in the pan for 15 minutes, transfer onto wire rack and allow to cool completely.
Any fucking suggestions on how to deal with constantly and consistently being ostracized and banished?
Dad drove a van all over Nova Scotia and Prince Edward Island, selling cookies to grocery stores, small gas bars, and even to the ubiquitous Canadian coffee shops named for a hockey player.
born in the heartland, raised up a family
I've been treated so long
The nights do get chilly, so this quick stew would be a welcome meal for dinner. Usually, I prefer to braise and cook my stews low and slow. But, this stew uses pork tenderloin, which is one of my favorite meats to cook with. It's so tender, that I don't need to braise for a long time, so this recipe is perfect to make after a long day at the office.
For further proof, we’ll take a look at a couple of videos — the first with Rep. Boehner calling for openness and visibility in reviewing the health coverage bill with his famous “Hell no!” speech, followed by a case where Rep. Boehner seems to forget his call for openness and visibility in our nation’s lawmaking.
Speaking of the internet, on April 1, 1984, a message was distributed to users on Usenet (an online messaging community that was one of the first forms the internet took) stating the Soviet Union was joining the network. This message caused quite a stir on Usenet as well as a lot of excitement since Usenet users had assumed something like this would never happen due to security risks. The message, purportedly from Konstantin Chernenko, using the address chernenko@kremvax.UCCP, explained the the Soviet Union wanted to join the network to “have a means to have an open discussion forum with American and European peoples.” The message created a flood of responses until two weeks later, the true author of the message came forward to say it was a hoax. An interesting note to this story: Six years later, when Moscow did connect to the internet, they took the domain name Kremvax, in honor of the hoax!
In the theory of 1970s sitcoms, I guess that I should be the one in the house doing the nagging and Mr Snail-of-happiness should be seeking refuge in some garden structure. However, he has his studio/workshop (formerly the spare bedroom) and I seek my respite (from scientific editing, not from Mr S-o-h) in the garden. It would be lovely simply to sit out on the bench and chat to the chickens (they always come over to see what’s going on), but this is west Wales and we are considering buying a dinghy and trading the chickens in for some ducks, so shelter is often required. And so, I often find myself spending a happy ten minutes pottering in the greenhouse, examining what has germinated, watering and generally enjoying being with growing plants. This seems to me, so much better than a shed – it’s light, there may be things to eat and when there is a little sunshine it’s lovely and warm in there. My long-term plan is to make sure that there is always something growing in my greenhouse, whatever the time of year. In this respect I have been inspired by the home-made geodesic dome up at Blaeneinion, where there seem to be salad leaves, at least, always available.
I always feel a little tremulous about adding Virginia events to my calendar because I, like all authors, fear the prophet-in-your-home-town effect of local events. There is nothing weirder than having lovely events elsewhere and expecting to come home to a lovely event bolstered by family and friends and then discover that somehow, you have lost your family and friends and in fact, no one else got the memo either. In past years, I've actually managed to have more family and friends show up at the events hundreds of miles away than just down the road.
And on a (mostly) unrelated note -
Just hint a fault, and hesitate dislike.
The Western mass media have widely portrayed those quoted in Breivik’s manifesto — against their will — as dangerous right-wing extremists. Do these alarming extremists include Thomas Jefferson and Gandhi?
In the Collection of @alison99
Happy Tuesday to Everyone! Today marks 36 years of marriage blessings for me and my dear hubby. We actually became "an item" on March 13, 1971, so we've been together for more than 41 years! Yep, high school sweethearts we were! We graduated from Conner Sr. High in Hebron, KY on June 3, 1973. Tim headed off to college in the fall to University of Louisville. He tried to come home every couple of weeks, but it was via bus, so the funds were not always there. When I was working I would send him money to PLEASE COME HOME!!! :D Finally, the big day arrived! May 8, 1976. It was a Saturday after he finished his semester on Friday, May 7th.
You gaze out to sea for a few moments then you get up and walk away.
This amazing shawl is a wonderful example of the intricate weaving's done by artist Diane Kowalski. If you are able to stop by Diane's studio at Artful Dimensions you may be lucky enough to catch her weaving a piece on her intricate loom.
OK, so not as famous (give me time) but I still stick by it. For anyone who hasn't met me, I shall give you a little description of myself. I am a medium build 5' 4 1/2", always happy, and I love being with people so have fun whether I'm at work or play. However, I also have the biggest guns you'll have seen on a gal for a while I suspect, love a physical job, and always get stuck in where I can. Oh, and it takes a lot to stress me out, but when I am annoyed, you'll know about it.
I don't know where to start on this topic. I love being such a "close knit" family. I love my extended family, my "step" family" and my immediate family. I am SO thankful Grampy is still with us to celebrate today after many "touch and go" days in the hospital last month.
1. Teenage ladies are beginning taught that they are supposed to act like this.
Maybe it’s because for the most part I have always seen these countries through an adoption lens* by which poverty is bound to be emphasized as one of the most significant reasons for transracial adoption to exist, but this is what I hear:
Hummel is so right, this scene is so old, so done. I just blogged about the Jean Paul Gaultier show which was all about corsets. Not only is the corset-image tired to see AGAIN in a movie, but Hummel makes another great point: corsets didn’t exist in Medieval times.
When I close my eyes I can picture it sliding across your skin. When you shower is it all about getting clean? Do you have a shower ritual? Is there a moment of contemplative thought? What happens after you’re done with your back?
A helpless hippie, reeking of marijuana and wearing sandals, shorts, a "Code Pink" hat and an "Occupy Wall Street" T-shirt with an "Obama 2012" pin on it, was screaming and thrashing around as he tried to free himself from the grasp of a 10 foot grizzly bear.
1/2 tsp freshly ground pepper
Submerged sign near Fox Island﻿
Let us visit some of those inequalities:
Jeff Fahey ... Ray
pretty much everyone he would meet.
To some it's a six-pack, to me it's a "support group." Salvation in a can!
while I just stand between two darks
When I wrote the first draft of my novel More Deaths Than One (and the second draft and the third) I had the hero Bob meandering around his world trying to unravel his past all by himself, and it was boring. Did I say boring? It was moribund. The story went nowhere because there was no one for Bob to butt heads with.
I was prepared for the activity to then go in pretty much any direction, including just packing it all away and doing something else, but I hoped that we would settle on 3-4 of our favorites, then break into groups to elaborate on our painting-stories, which would be transcribed by an adult, then proudly read aloud. I had clipboards charged with paper at hand to aid us in this eventuality.
‘Hunger.”
These two days will feature tutorials from leading experts in the Java & JVM world, presenting a contemporary Java use-case or technology. You will be able to gain experience and skills, by attending hands-on, practical Java & JVM tutorials, on specific technology stacks, which match the morning talks
Hope this year finds everybody doing great.
Category: Art and Photography
My candidates for the best would include "Marmee" from LITTLE WOMEN; I'm not sure I ever finished this book, but I know enough to think of Marmee as the quintessential children's book mother.
Michael and Dorothy Hintze. Australian billionaire hedge-fund manager and property mogul. Donations: £1.2m.
However... better do this properly, which will be a first, as whenever I have got an award in the past, I grab the bugger, shove it up on the blog and completely ignore the rules. Tut tut. Which is just what I have done this time, as have had award for flipping WEEKS.
The two scientists, Sauber and Molnia used data from global positioning system and NASA satellites as well as Shuttle Radar Topography Mission (SRTM) to document the glacier extent and topography.
And why I’ve decided to sit here and blog rather than get out the mop. — Lenore
I used a doily die and added my little envie onto that. My flower is from the Verve set "great friend". I stamped, layered and then popped them up for dimension. Added some ribbon, lace and a pennant die for my sentiment.
ok gotta run, have a great long day!
He stopped his sympathetic crying.
Why have I never been to this? I love sassy ladies, I love writing, and I love letters! Held once a month at the luvverly Thornbury Theatre, WoL celebrates the lost art of letter writing with some of Melbourne’s finest creative lady-folk – writers, musos, politicians, et al. I’M PUTTING THE NEXT ONE IN MY DIARY!!! I’M DEFFO GONNA GO!!! Plus, at the end of the afternoon, you get to drink wine and pen a letter of your own.
Well, I haven’t put much thought to it but I think I should.
No, that's not right. Together, they make up the entirety of the Seijoh Academy's literature club. Club activities consist almost exclusively of Konoha writing stories for Tohko to consume (great literature is yummy, but printed works just aren't as fresh as a handwritten story). However, Tohko's getting bored with things, so she's experimenting with ways to attract new people to the club.
11)Aesthetic questions of any kind are also not divorced from these ‘messages’. The choices one makes in this sense always have something to do with what one is trying to say. So this entire discussion could as easily be about the aesthetic options employed in Trishul versus those employed in K3G.
The wife sarcastically laughed. “We used to have 37 fly swatters in this house and now I have no idea where any of them are! I think you and your son secretly eat them when I’m not home!”
I feel like most vegans have cats. I, however, have dogs. Ferocious little chihuahua mixes that are seriously fearless of anything...unless we're talking about boxes. I present to you: Gizmo and Emma.
Ugh. Bleugh. Phf.
This painting “Butterfly Fantasy” ( 12 x 16 inches) is true mixed media, acrylic paint, collage, UTEE. It was done back when I did my first art show at “Butterfly fest” local festival here in Florida) I love it because there truly was a metamorphous going on in my life at that time and I think it is very symbolic of those feelings.
Yesterday I was praying about a decision to send my mother back to her home of Wisconsin.
Seriously, you can enjoy the day with your bikes, but please take the bike trail and let others go on with our mundane lives and routines without delays.
I tell her to call the travel agency to book the flight with the flight number and pay the extra booking fee because it is so much easier than trying to figure out what airline she can fly etc. I will pay the extra 25 bucks to avoid the hassle. I don't want to use my credit card anymore so I tell her to pay for it and I will send a cheque. She books it and everything and then the trouble begins. She can't find K's passport. The ticket has to have the name it has on the passport. My mom calls me back and says she can't find K's passport. We both about freak because K is so scatterbrained. Never puts anything up , loses everything. My mom booked a non-refundable flight.
While I was sent the book for review – I don’t want to spoil it for you by showing the pictures from it, so instead, I have chosen to show photographs of Mrs. Obama taken in the White House – this way, we can combine fashion with interior design! And also, while I know many of Cote de Texas readers are Republicans, I hope you will also enjoy these photos – with the historical and quite beautiful White House as the back drop!
