You do not have to imagine how the football fans would take that sort of coverage, so why treat F1 fans any differently ?
Although not unhappy about his eventual departure, the Matron didn't really mind Joe and his haphazard ways. Just another big kid in the house. Kid indeed -- he would spend hours hanging with Scarlett and her friends, happy to chat with 8th grade girls. Big happy family scenes with the Matron, her husband and other children in and out of the family room, but Joe a fixture, chatting and laughing with the girls whenever they were around.
I suspect the average moviegoers does not know that,however, and went to the film expecting high adventure. Heck, I did know that, but I was still expecting more fun.
As long-time readers of the Anxiety know, I was never much of a Star Trek fan as a kid. I watched most of the movies, and while I liked them enough to keep going back for the next one, one Trek story every couple of years was more than enough. I was quickly bored with The Next Generation and The Original Series never really hooked me. It’s been fun watching The Original Series now to see how my middle-aged attitude compares to my adolescent and teenaged attitudes.
Sigman told the Newton Citizen that when he said he was withdrawing, “I meant I was withdrawing from the campaign, not the office.”
While on television there is a castle with a ruined feast hanging in an empty void on the edge of the universe. Mechanized suits of armor stalk the halls as noble lion men fight to regain their freedom. While the noblest Roman strikes off on her own, finally ridding herself of her own chains, forged less out of dwarf star alloy than out of red and burgundy wool.
When your heart is broken for the first time, feel the pain but don’t dwell. Everyone has to have the one boy or girl that cuts them deep. If you don’t have them, you’ll never learn to appreciate the successful relationships in your life. But even though you shouldn’t forget them, DON’T go back to them. Come now…mama didn’t raise no fool. I don’t care how much they claim to have changed, if it didn’t work the first time there’s about a 94% chance that it won’t work out the second time around. Would you bet on those odds?
Please sign the “Protect Our Children’s Innocence” Petition to Congress and then send a generous contribution right away. Your action will make all the difference.
thanked
The rest is history. Over 19 seasons, "Teddy Ballgame" was masterful at the plate. He batted .344, ranking seventh all-time, the highest average of any player who has played in the last 74 years. He may have had an even higher average, but he was so stubborn that he refused to sacrifice power when teams employed the shift against him and he tried to smash balls through it anyway. His career slugging percentage of .634 is second only to Babe Ruth. His .482 on-base percentage is the highest of all-time. He racked up 2,654 hits and hit 521 home runs, but he easily would have totaled over 3,000 hits and 600 home runs had he not missed so much time while serving during World War II and the Korean War. His his at-bat of his career was one of his most memorable, as he hit his final home run of his career at a chilly and mostly empty Fenway Park. Williams' stated goal was that when he walked down the street, people would point and say, "There goes Ted Williams, the greatest hitter who ever lived."
The picture above is a five year-old young lady - me, photographed reading a bedtime story to one of my very favourite soft toys, my Golly. Sensitive readers must excuse his inclusion on the grounds that: a) this was the 1950s when he was still thought of as a harmless manifestation of popular children’s storybook characters, and b) I loved him, quite literally, to pieces. He was as dear to me as Blue Bunny was, first to my son and then to my grandson. I wouldn’t want to own one now but I’m not going to airbrush him out of my childhood. My Dad would have taken this picture and I wonder what made him choose to capture that moment, the precious half hour before bedtime, reading in the glow of the firelight, before going up to bed and having another good story, either Mrs Tiggywinkle or other Beatrix Potter stories, read by my Mum, or a Freddie and Flossie Frog story, made up by Dad as he went along.
She’s now fussing to be put down on the floor so she can roam at her own whim and fancy, can you even believe it? Miss E wants to be one on one with the floor; she is sometimes, literally so, because I find her licking the floor from time to time. (Don’t know what that’s really about, but it cannot at all be hygienic) So of course with her well-developed pincer grasp and her acute eye sight she finds even tiny hair follicles with questionable origins. They may or may not belong to our dog, but I’m not really keen on her finding out.
Eugene Peterson begins his conversation on Spiritual Theology by quoting a poem:
When you are arrogant, let me teach you humility.
Today my heart swells with gratitude for every person who left a positive trail of light in their path through my life or still does. Thank you, every single one.
Many herbalist and naturopathic physicians recommend Fucus vesiculosus to treat thyroid disorders, arthritis, rheumatism, constipation, colds, high blood pressure, colitis, eczema, goiter, obesity, low vitality, poor digestion, nervous disorders, menstrual irregularities, glandular disorders, and water retention.
Haters gonna hate and I know alot of people call Valentine's Day a Hallmark holiday but any day with the word "holiday" in it, gets me super excited. I don't remember my mom making a huge fuss over holidays when we were growing up but I know we always had a red shirt ready to wear to school on Valentine's Day and sometimes a cute little pin which I'm sure she got from the grocery store where she worked at. Hmmm, I wonder if she turned me this way or if I was born this way?
Without access to the as yet unpublished clarification on overrun engine mappings, it hard to be sure if it might still be beneficial for teams to blow bodywork for aero benefit. It may end up that it’s better to create an aero neutral exhaust position.
Mr. McDuffy, who lived at 177 Sands Street, staggered out of the apartment following the attack and collapsed in a nearby stairwell. He was taken to the nearby Brooklyn Hospital Medical Center where he was pronounced deceased. Mr. Williams, reportedly an employee with Duane Reade drug stores, remains at large.
After you have crawled for about ten minutes, bring yourself from kneeling on all fours to the knee–chest position: lean forward from your hip joints and lower your head down to the floor; spread your knees slightly further apart; allow your elbows to bend until one cheek and both forearms rest on the floor, your hands flat next to your head, and your elbows in line with your shoulders, allowing your back to widen. (You may find it more comfortable if you place cushions under your knees.)
Girls went to Build A Bear with "J" and came home with new outfits for their bears then treated me to an extended fashion show. Very cute!
Why? Because most job advice from adults comes from a place of unhappiness and misery.
All cupcakes and treats are made to order with fresh and finest ingredients with handmade edible designs made to y...our specification because your imagination is our passion. Flavor: -Chocolate Chip -Chocolate Cheese -Red Velvet -Vanilla Price: 2D - Rp23rb 3D - Rp25rb Special price: Baby 1 month (including box and ribbon) -1 box consist of:
I leave you with another Reagan quote: “We need to act today, to preserve tomorrow.” Indeed, my friends, there are so many things which we can do. Things which we must do. But we can do them only if we can count on each other. You can count on me. I spoke, I speak, I shall continue to speak. I hope I can continue to count on your support.
Once you have the fancy adjectives and fluff stripped away and you can clearly see your vision, corporate culture and unique differentiator, you can begin the process of putting your brand back together. Don't forget all of the other cosmetic details either - you have to think about curb appeal in this neighborhood.
Another guy like that is Jan Stenrud, the only pure kicker* in the Pro Football Hall of Fame. When Stenerud was inducted into the Hall of Fame in 1991, he had the second most points in NFL history behind Hall of Famer George Blanda (and ahead of Lou "The Toe" Groza). So he had the most points among pure kickers. Stenerud is now 12th in scoring and will probably be passed by the likes of Ryan Longwell, David Akers, Olindo Mare and Sebastian Janikowski before it's all done. His Hall of Fame timing was good; he made it into the Hall before the game and perceptions changed pretty dramatically.
My first episode was about 1997, a few years into the workings of a custody agreement. My body started having physical issues, as a result of too much stress. I was at a point where walking, sitting or any kind of movement, caused intense lower back pain. I was on anti-depressants, seeing a therapist, taking relaxation therapy and started getting some massages to work out the tension. Time passed and so did the physical and emotional pain. I know more details will be in future blogs.
Wolves v Aston Villa – 3.00 Saturday
Freehand some color blocks using colors to match your particular season or subject. Make some blocks tall and some wide. You don't have to put as many blocks as I did if you want to make it even simpler or if you are doing this activity with a young child.
So not happy Earth day.
Camp Circle – The group of Camp Millers
PS – The following websites are focused more on ministering to men “in general.” I’ll include Top Ten lists later that will focus on top websites for fathers, top websites for husbands, etc.
"Ugh. Put on the other pair and let me see the length."
And Davis never shies away from refurbing heirloom knickknacks into more current custom styles.
Just some simple rules to follow:
I'm still waiting for that famous nesting instinct to kick in, but I just may need to force it at this rate. I have a suspicion that carbs and nesting may be very related.
Scott Nichols Photography Day: 66
Days before my birthday, I kept thinking about that envelope that I had not yet mailed...too late now, guess I will need to do it online...oops, my birthday came and went. The day after my birthday I went online to the Secretary of State, knowing that I would need to pay the $10 late fee...no biggie. What?! I can't renew online cause it's late?! Great, now I need to find that envelope...got it (miracle). Put in a new check that includes the late fee...oops, not enough money in the checking account...already late, no need to hurry...I have til the end of the month!
So get on with it---enjoy it----it's all fresh and brand new
Luxury Log Home Designs
No?
This was only after I spent Tuesday night with my 19th Century Eruo class, watching The Four Feathers and The Picture of Dorian Gray in a kind of epic double feature that wasn’t over until 2 am, at which point I made one of the boys walk me back to my flat (I’m a coward.) So I felt I deserved a night in.
I've been managing to attend the class every two weeks and have started to work on my routine for the Christmas Cabaret that is being put on. I've got my music, a version of Little Drummer Boy (with the David Bowie, Bing Crosby version included). I've got my Drummer Girl costume. I even know most of the routine, just need to work on the ending. A neighbour has said that she wants to come and see me perform so we'll be going together.
Black Pudding, with a speed that defied his old years had taken off and was flying across the sand, his lean old legs a little blur beneath him!
“Forget the bloviating ‘experts’ urging us to punish the poor and middle classes for the failures of Wall Street and the gluttonous rich. This book strips bare the myths of ‘free market’ economics and shows us what our economy really needs to do: create the most happiness for the most people for the longest time. It’s a refreshing blast of truth in these confusing and divided times.”—Peter Barnes, co-founder of CREDO and author of Capitalism 3.0
Without a government guarantee, I have estimated that 30 year fixed rate mortgages would rise about 50 basis points. Andy Davidson estimates an increase of 100-250 basis points. But if Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac and the FHA actually charged the appropriate insurance fees, the difference would be zero. That is the subsidy effect.
Major Sponsors of
Alissa North is inspiration made flesh, so she should never have met Merrick, a deadly half-vampire enforcer, but when they do meet, the connection is instantaneous, and an illicit flirtation is born. He sends her secret gifts. She writes him secret letters.
If you wish to maintain your proper position in society, to command the respect of your friends now, and husbands and children in future, you should read, read–think, study, try to be wise, to know your own places and keep them, your own duties and do them. You should try to understand every thing you see and hear; to act and judge for yourselves; to remember you each have a soul of your own to account for; –a mind of your own to improve. When you once get these ideas fixed, and learn to act upon them, no man or set of men, no laws, customs, or combinations of them can seriously oppress you. Ignorance, folly, and levity, are more or less essential to the character of a slave. If women knew their rights, and proper places, we would never hear of men “making their wives” do this, that, or the other.
Rovio also is set to open the first official Angry Birds retail shop in Helsinki. (Can Angry Birds restaurants and theme parks be far behind?)
You don't need to be a professional to do this, with a nail art pen & decals, you can have professional looking nails in no time!
So, I stumbled on this tutorial the other day and felt inspired. I don't happen to have a spindle, or any yarn making experience but I thought I might want to try making some decorative twine out of an old magazine I had sitting around. What you see here is the result.
After my tenure on a bike I moved back to the Midwest to live for another five years. When I returned again, this time for good, the feeling filled me once again. In fact, every time I return to SF and surface from the underground I still get that little rush of being home. Welcome to my city. I am SF.
31 July 1976
It calls to mind the words of the prophet Amos in the Hebrew Scriptures:
My eldest had just performed her zuhur prayer and was getting herself ready to go to her cousin’s place for tuition.
As with any new journey, one has to take those first steps. For some it can be big steps, for me it was a small step.
Article 17
75009 Paris
'I hope that all my readers buy Second-Class Male, your book of misguided letters to famous strangers, Stan, but could you just grab Judy's legs and pull her out of the hole? I think she's shouting something about being attacked by moles.'
"Different how?"
So I'll see the peasants grovel if they refuse to bow
"No," he said "they are pretty much always awful."
Enter Almost Hands-Free Dill Pickles from the August 2010 issue of Real Simple magazine, to save me from being a disappointment to myself. Two things caught my attention: "real simple" and "hands-free." Real Simple estimates "hands-on time" to be 5 minutes and then 24 hours of refrigeration later, you have pickles that last up to 1 week. Reviewers rated the recipe 4 out of 5 stars, and I agree. I like a heartier pickle spear so the one change I would make is to half the cucumbers instead of quarter them. Still a flavorful, crunchy and quick pickle. If only they would keep for longer than a week, but considering that they were eaten before then, it's not too much of a concession.
just the two of us can get together for a gossip. As she's just, finally, accepted
All too often that defines Obama’s relationship to Israel. He finally says the right thing and it no longer matters. Because the context is wrong. Or the timing. Or because he seems to be addressing one audience while in fact addressing another—like seeming to talk tough to Iran while in fact trying to restrain Israel.
person. Protect and guard your heart and don’t reveal too much too soon. Only reveal a
It's a pity that so few people looked beyond the iconic image when he emerged from incarceration and questioned Mandela's actions and principles. If they had they done so, it's likely that his 90th birthday flock would have been much smaller.
Despite the recent negative publicity on one of its doctors being charged in court for outrage of modesty of a young female student from NUS, Changi General Hospital (CGH) continues to stand by the side of Malaysian doctor Ivan Ngeow Ko Yen. (pic right)
I really should have taken photos, not because Jason was indeed shocked by the surprise, but because the theme of the birthday party was Pokemon.
Home made pasta and macaroni & cheese using gluten free noodles
The top left and bottom right pictures show the changing scenery as I traveled east on I-40 towards Albuquerque, and as my mom kindly reminded me, into a different time zone, landing me at her home around 8 pm, as opposed to the 7 pm time I’d thought I’d be there! I particularly love the clouds in the bottom right, which look as though someone pulled soft pieces of it off from below, much like a kid does with cotton candy.
We all know about the Twelfth Imam, the super-bad Muslim guy at the bottom of the well in Persia. When Armageddon arrives, when Gog grapples with Magog and battle rages across the plain at Megiddo, the Twelfth Imam will awaken and lead the armies of Islam to their final victory, establishing the kingdom of Allah here on Earth.
Et pour terminer une petite carte faite utilisant le technique du mask.
IBU: 22-25
We grow partially. We are relative. We are mature in one realm, childish in another.
Imagine my surprise, then, when I discovered that winds with speeds of 4 to 31 miles per hour are considered to be breezes. A thirty-mile an hour wind is a breeze? Not in my world! I always thought the term “gentle breeze” was redundant, but apparently not. What I considered to be a gentle breeze — anything less than 4 miles per hour — is not even a breeze. It’s just light air movement. A gentle breeze is a wind with a speed of 8 to 12 miles per hour. A fresh breeze is a wind with a speed of 19 to 24 miles per hour. A strong breeze is a wind with a speed of 24 to 31 miles per hour. A gale is a wind with a wind speed of 32 to 63 miles per hour. My dictionary defines a gale as a strong current of air. Who knew Webster had such a sense of understatement! (In case you’re interested, a storm is stronger than a gale, and a hurricane strongest of all.)
The Minneola flavor is incredible. I apologize for no photo. I sucked that thing down faster than I could even consider getting a good shot of it.
Irish Ale yeast
Tray: Gift from sister
Instincts give a character habit or reaction that oozes role-playing opportunities.
The web has brought us the benefits of having the ability to evaluate costs rapidly and effortlessly, therefore assisting us to really feel like we’re obtaining much better worth for cash.
662. Rice Krispy Treat, Brownie, & Bling @ Patrick & Tracy’s House (Pumpkin Hill, PA) 4:00 p.m.
1 cup KRAFT Shredded Colby & Monterey Jack Cheeses
Sean and Patrick McConaghy are two young cousins who set sail from Ireland one St. Patrick’s Day in 1820, and after a long and eventful crossing of the tlantic, they tackle the mighty St. Lawrence River with a band of rugged voyageurs to eventually settle in the wilderness of Upper Canada.
Hope you like the look :)
“There’s a big demand for playing time and even now at the end of the season I’m still getting four or five enquires a week from people wanting to join and we’re just turning people away at the moment because its not fair to the current members. I could have 60 people in a training session if I wanted to.”
Bling - This could be sorted by color, size or shapes/styles what ever you search for fist. There are the individual bling dots (for lack of a better term) the flourishes and the shapes like stars, flowers, etc. and the Alphas and letters.
2 teaspoons cornstarch
"You have to love a nation that celecbrates its independence every July 4, not with a parade of guns, tanks and soldiers who file by the White House in a show of strength and muscle, but with family picnics where kids throw Frisbees, the potato salad gets iffy, and the flies die from happiness. You may think you have overeaten, but it is patriotism."
Muaungo went to Seke Reserve. Muchetu, Gosha, Hutsibogota, Chaikosa and Mutun
Summer is definitely over, but there's still a fair amount going on in the garden:
Last Friday, while approaching an intersection and entering a left hand turn lane, a car coming in the other direction across the intersection drove directly into me. I saw him coming just in time and was able to swerve out of the way without hitting someone else. No harm came to me or the other car.
Ely Cathedral hosted its first sixth form conference today, at which a panel of representatives from different faith traditions and backgrounds answered questions from the young people. I wasn’t up for questioning, but think this is a great idea: the questions are ones we all have but don’t all raise. So I’m going to pitch in with my own off-the-cuff answers as if I’d been there.
Anyways Gary has been traveling since 2007 and has hit up so many places, I doubt I will be able to see even half of what he’s done in my lifetime. In 2010 he finally visited Spain and recently he published a “7 Wonders of Spain” list! Here is the link to his post if you would like to read it there: http://everything-everywhere.com/2012/04/08/the-seven-wonders-of-spain/
I can tell you that this is not the type of topic I usually write about. I normally focus on Southern families and places, small town tensions. So this topic was a big leap for me. It really started small, with a conversation with Luke Whisnant, a professor at ECU. He told me a little about Velma Marge Barfield’s story, and then I was off and running. One woman led to another. I wrote about Velma early on, and I also wrote the title poem “Matters of Record” fairly early in the process when I began to explore racism and women in connection to the death penalty.
"My heartfelt thanks to Sharon & Quilts of Valor Foundation. The war for
You might have to let go negative attention-seeking, even manipulative behaviour!
26
The kids were in tears! Claire was devastated. Their dog was gone. I went out and thought I’d swing by the borough municipal building. There I was told to check the police station.
Well, I'm still cleaning up the Zon I just spilled on the carpet. Backed right into while watching UFC 101 for the 20th time. I poured myself some Anchor Bock with it's roastiness and whatnot in my Carolina mug. It's 3:30PM and I'm out of ice and the lowest I can get the temperature is 82 deg F on the wort. The OG is 1044. Tastes super sweet and moderate hops on the wort. Already added a gallon of 42 deg F wort. I have not freezer or anything for temperature control, so I'm just going to live with 82 deg F and pitch the yeast. Whatever happens happens.
So look, Alexander Lebedev, you ridiculous ex-KGB oligarch, I'm going to tell you because someone needs to: your idea is shit.
"The very place I live my life has been stripped from me." The Decatur Daily
It was amazing. Beautiful woods, nice construction, really quality workmanship. He did their fireplace. He did a desk. He did a table. He does everything.
There was even a remote in the box.
Like all newbies I bought every beautiful paper I came across. A lot of them. Then I started to have countdowns for the CHA sneak peeks. Needed to document what beauties were coming to make shopping lists.
It's 5:26am. I've been awake for real for about 45 minutes... Another emergency call and this one is a doozy! Waiting for my boss to get to his computer and check things out too.
Shanghai’s harbor remains active long after the lights in Pudong and the historic Bund have been turned off for the night, which in my experience happens just before midnight. It is one of the world’s busiest.
I find myself naturally gravitating toward these wonderfully nutritious treats. Any time of day. It feels like I'm on an unplanned spa detox, or something, because I've lost all interest in french style breads & pastries, cheeses, and even wine. (Yes these items are available here in my hotel, at the expat grocery stores, or at specialty stores/cafés). I just have no taste for them. Anyone who knows me well might find that hard to believe, but with so many fruit choices and fruit juices at hand, I tell you it's easy to do.
Once the page reaches bigger numbers we will be ready to give away some bigger prizes. TBR Exhaust, TBR S1 Pro stands, Juice Box Fuel Controllers and more.
You also will no longer have to worry about going through the tedious motion of ordering your silver solution every week. With a colloidal silver generator, all the silver that you need can be made from the comfort of your home at no added cost.
you can frame these images for your home decor or send them in the mail to your family & friends.
How does Organic H Basic H kill the ants when it is toxin-free?
In 2007 the Lyons report on local government found that more than a quarter of councils were already earning more from such charges than they were from council tax, and this has now risen to the point where "sales, fees, charges" and "other income" now yield £25 billion a year, much the same as Council Tax.
It says "Get Sunkissed All Over @ Cobblers Beach, Mosman.
5)The worst problem always involves the inability to question onself in terms of identity, beliefs and so on. Cinema can sometimes in exemplary fashion enable one to do this.
THE GYM
Place the buns, slightly spaced apart on lined baking trays, cover with tea towels and leave for another hour.
so there should be plenty of hungry people there!
Adedibu, Babatunde, Coat of Many Colours, UK, Wisdom Summit, 2012.
I nod, tears welling. I don't know why I am crying. Her eyes move to K. She begins talking about being a woman in this lifetime. And how fucking hard it is to be a woman. I remember her saying, "But you already know that." K. tears up.
Landon actually picked out the pocket for this one, he said it needed to be green, so green it is. These 2 are shorter than the first one in the previous post. I think the pocket turned out better in this one.
EDGE
If she’s waiting for an answer, I won’t give her the satisfaction. The skin covering my knuckles tightens as I grip my balcony’s railing. The heat on the satellite follows no matter where I go. It makes my fingers slick with sweat. My mother realizes that I’m refusing to speak. She sighs as though I’m a child.
The Princess decided to keep things very small for her birthday sleepover. She invited just three friends, two of whom live an hour or more away. On Thursday night we found out that one the the girls was sick and would not be able to come. Because we live so far away, the two families had been sharing girl-delivery duties. Now one family was going to have drive a total of six hours just so their daughter could come to the party.
I queried widely and was rejected widely. Every time an agent was kind enough to tell me why they said no I did what I could to change that part of my letter. I read as much as I could in my genre and poured over the acknowledgments to see if the author had thanked her agent and I made a magical discovery. My three favorite humorists all thanked their agent-- Jenny Bent. And when I say “favorite” writers, I mean like The-Beatles-Favorite. Like if I saw them in person, I would hyperventilate and pass out.
Lompoc also serves a stout that's hearty but unremarkable, a pilsner that the wait staff doesn't recommend and a couple seasonals. Right now they have a red and brown ale.
When his oldest daughter Noriko runs away from home he never makes any attempt to find her, but instead tries desperately to hold onto his perfect little world by acting like nothing happened. But then things only get worse when his youngest daughter Yuka also runs away, still he continues to go to work and carry on with his life. Yetl he knows he has to do something, but instead of being sick with worry like his wife is, he tries to put on a brave front and approaches his daughters disappearances in an investigative way by trying to find clues from their favorite websites, the notebook Yuka left behind, and tabloid articles about secret cults called suicide clubs. Then his picture perfect life all comes crashing down when his wife, overcome with guilt from driving her daughters away and too tired to carry on, commits suicide. Now left all alone, Tetsuzo risks everything by quitting his job, selling his house, and moving to Tokyo in a desperate attempt to find his missing girls and somehow redeem himself in their eyes. But first he has to figure out a way to free them from the clutches of the twisted and manipulative Kumiko.
Time to at last wrap up this award claiming process, and to pass along the wealth to five more deserving blogs.....
So I called an was all, "Hey, we already paid $50, so it should just be $225." And they were all, "No, the fee has gone up." And then I asked, "By 20%? That's kind of a lot, don't you think? Particularly during a bum economy when people have less money than usual, right?" And then he responded, "..." And then I asked what we were getting for this 20% increase and the guy was like, "Uh, nothing?" Which I knew but I was just giving the poor sod a hard time because I was irritated. So that's how that went.
I’ve also, as you can tell, haven’t added a new blog post in over a week. While normal for many, it’s not for me. Again this was due to the new PC arriving. It did and I shall now give you a look at it with some specs to follow.
There is no question the issue of the ability of a student association to force the closure of a school and prevent all students from attending classes for the duration of a “strike” is political in the broader sense. But that is not a sufficient reason for the courts not to address it. Is it political in the narrower sense of not being justiciable? Clearly not. There is a “sufficient legal component” to the dispute. There is a statute regulating student associations and setting out their rights. There are contracts between students and their schools. The dispute is about the applicability of legal rules; it is very much a legal dispute, however politically controversial its outcome. Any criticism of the courts on the ground that they are overstepping their role is groundless.
Um…Hi. Remember me? Yeah, I know I haven't checked in with you guys in about five months, but I still love you. And now I'm back… This time I really mean it.
Now grocery shopping might not be a fantastic child hood memory for most
So there have been a few things I don’t love (hello, aloof boys). As well as couple times I’ve been surprised by the wrong impressions I’ve had. That Western Europe is ahead of America in the recycling game is one of these (sadly) wrong impressions.
National Review ran an odd item the other day, “harping” that President Obama “vacations too much.” NR’s Jim Geraghty noted that he, among others, is “irked and fascinated by the commander-in-chief’s regular getaways as economic hard times persist.”
but i can't help but put a plug in...if you've never read this book, are married, or might ever get married, read it!!! i really do think it should be a mandatory part of pre-marital counseling. you think anybody will listen to me??? ;)
But Tolkien argued that "pagan myths" point to the truth of Jesus Christ.
Is it a bad sign you don't get butterflies when you see a boy? And everyone asks if you like him and you really don't have a comment. You are hoping that the silence with make them walk away and yet they still linger, staring at you with those wondering eyes and then you reach down into your mind, only for a second to realize you don't even have an answer... but then you realize this... "Don't give up something that you've wanted so long for something only temporary.."
What does love look like?
_____"You look incredibly meretricious today" is how I like to compliment ladies who don't have a dictionary handy.
and assembled the tree.
Just a few short days later, on April 2nd, Leaf was arrested again for breaking into a home and and being in possession of pills not prescribed to him. He was discovered by the owner of the house, he told the owner he was at the wrong address and was in the house by mistake. The man later noticed that there were three missing bottles of prescription drugs and called the police. The description that the homeowner gave, lead police back to Leaf. A search of Leaf’s home turned up 89 hyrdocodone pills but did not turn up the pills the homeowner reported missing. A warrant obtained by law enforcement for Leaf’s GPS records, place him at the home at the time of the burglary. The GPS data also places him at 5-10 other homes in the area.
Job 41:11 (NLT)
Talking with Bill, I had a breakdown. Tears pouring into my glass of wine as I sit in the dark on my couch. If people walk out of a church service and did not feel the love of Jesus, we as church leaders failed. We aren’t doing our jobs. Not only that, if people interact with us on a daily basis and they don’t feel the love of Jesus we are sucking as Christians. End of story.
Professor José Antonio Ferrer Benimeli, University of Zaragoza
Not for a moment did the fellow passenger look away from the book, not even when the train stopped at railway stations along the way to take in fresh cascades of commuters barreling into the compartment like a river breaching a dam.
From the US, here is a blog entry from Dr. Phil Maffetone about the new no pain no gain trends. Very interesting look at what’s better for you, slow or fast. Easy, he says to do it all!
This advice turned out being that Psyche had to go to the temple of Venus (You know the bitch who started all this?) and summon the goddess to see if she could be convinced in allowing Psyche to be with her son. Now while still unaware that Venus was the cause of all her misfortune, Psyche still wanted to see if there was an easier way to be reunited with her love.
- Joint aid and relief planning with the U.K.
My mood turned, and not for the last time that day. I was upset at myself for not seeing the sign, upset that we had wasted three hours, pissed that quality weather was slipping away and that the clouds were rolling in, and that the forecasted snow would soon be falling.
Your years are few, your life is new,
And you were here with me
Do you get tired of passing out whiteboards and markers so that students can show their work and erase it? Does it take more time or cause arguments? I co-teach 36 1st graders and everything takes time and may cause at least 1 argument...
So I sanitized my Old World Brewery and Brewer’s Den growlers and all day long contemplated the thrill of having the jugs filled after work. I swung by the Sun Up/Brewer’s Den location on Camelback Road and plunked down 10 bucks for a growler of what will likely be some of their last Nut Before Christmas Nut Brown Ale, then I hopped on 7th Street and tootled north to Old World Brewery where I plunked down 8 bucks for a growler of their Dark Knight Porter. But at Old World, I got something more.
And his clothes were all tarnished with ashes and soot;
"I Come and Stand at Every Door" from Mortal Coil.
3/4 tsp dried parsley or 1 T. fresh
Remember your focus is on heaven, not on earth. “Do not lay up for yourselves treasures on earth, but lay up for yourselves treasures in heaven” (Matt 6: 19-20). With this focus it does not matter what my boss, neighbour or any human being says to me. No-one can take away my treasure in heaven.
like i wrote on the photo above, the minute i saw christy's prompt for in the picture in february at the beginning of the month, this immediately came to mind. now, today is the link-up party on her blog, and i had to scramble to quickly get some self-portraits done for it, so i threw it all together at the last minute in order to participate. but the thoughts i've written have been on my mind a lot longer.
As someone who will push for e-book sales, I want to make sure the cover is eye catching enough to grab a reader’s attention from the website, where it’s more than likely mixed in with a bunch of other covers begging to be picked for a read, too. I also want to make sure my point gets across–that it looks like it has a paranormal appeal without giving too much away. But I want the readers to go, “Hunh. That looks interesting enough to read the sample chapter, at least.” Then I cross my fingers and hope they want to keep reading.
But the whole "gimmick" that went with Terror Is A Man was completely unnecessary and did nothing for the film but add maybe a little bit of notoriety for it that got butts in the seats. It probably made a tight little profit because of it and the biggest success story out of this whole thing was, more likely than not, Eddie Romero, whose track record before and since speaks for itself quite eloquently - over 40 films as director, over 30 writing credits several awards and nominations to his credit. He knew what he was doing and he knew what worked, and he put it all to good use.
Anyway, the point here is that someone wanted this kid to have a weird name. If it was his parents, then he is that kid with parents who wanted him to have a weird name. If he named himself Crow, then he is the kid that gave himself a weird name. Either of these kids is to be monitored closely.
But heres the thing that I have realised we can subtely, but vitally, miss in our pursuit of the right looking wineskin – the Wine! A Wineskin is of very little value unless it is filled with wine. Wine is frequently the image used of scripture to speak of the Holy Spirit’s intoxicating presence and power. The New Wine of the Kingdom is the very dwelling of God among His people by His Spirit – it is His nearness, His anointing, His working. How sad it would be if we built fantastic structures and programmes, only to find that we had forgotten how to drink! How disappointing it would be to have awesome leadership strategy but find we had missed out on relating to the person of the Holy Spirit in a dynamic and living way.
I had to stop by Target the other night. Needed 3 different kinds of soap (hand, body, AND face...being a girl is so fun), and some new mascara and concealer. So I dropped by the store on my way home from work, and made my way through the aisles with my teensy list.
Prizes this week are......£10.00 gift voucher from....
5. I truly believe that step-mothers are blessed by God himself. We have to be strong and flexible and downright unbreakable to do what we do. That takes a special person, and we are brought into our husband and children’s lives for a purpose. Personally, this knowledge helps carry me through some of the most difficult parts of being a step-parent. When I think I have absolutely reached my limit, I remember one very simple thing. My step-children need me. I was brought to them and they to me for a reason.
As I looked down the marble-topped work station at the poulardes flambées (the chickens on fire), the smell of burning hair in my nostrils, I realised just how dangerous a place a kitchen full of 14 wannabe chefs can be.
Although a tear may be ever so near
Next, another horrible image – the movie’s much talked-about “German deep throat” scene. Not perhaps what many were expecting when they first heard that phrase. I suppose this second pic makes the movie look a little more like Saw With Swastikas, as a rather uncharitable critic once proclaimed it, but we’ve already had that argument. I repeat, this movie is not gore-orgraphy, but there’s no point pretending it isn’t gory. You can’t put on a devil’s banquet without mashing up a few humans in the process.
I discused it on the Stephen Nolan Five Live Radio programme, where I met an obnoxious and bigoted former Talksport presenter, Ian Collins, who regarded pregnant women who smoked as bad as axe murderers.
1. It's Van Johnson.
Some of you are probably asking - Who the heck is Maurice Sendak??
Innovative and contemporary boys will enjoy doing these daily devotions as they aren't just reading, but actually doing!!
We're looking forward to some great sessions.
I wonder which one of my favourites is going to survive the tide for there can be only one winner in this competition…..
4) Silky Purple
About 20% of my patients are Catholics. They may be active in a parish, or may not have attended mass since their Confirmation, but either way they often want “last rites” when the end is near. By the way, if you are Catholic and reading this, please tell all your friends that since Vatican II the rite is has been called “The Anointing of the Sick” and is a blessing and prayer for healing. It is risky to put it off to the last minute. Not only is the sick person is missing out on what can be a beautiful sacrament, you may have to scramble to find a priest. If it is outside business hours, Good Luck! Many parishes don’t have answering services. And even if you do, not all priests are willing to make the visit if they don’t know you.
Loosening up the wild and free,
And church – are you allowing yourself to be grown and strengthened by apostles, prophets, evangelists, shepherds, and teachers? If not, you will not become all God desires. Christ himself has designed his Church to function with their help. Notice, by the way, that shepherd is only one role in the equation. Interesting that most churches pay someone to do this, but not to be apostle, prophet, evangelist, or teacher (though many roll shepherd and teacher into one thing). We pay someone to take care of us, but not to challenge us or lead us into new things. Or, what we call pastor is a one-person show that is supposed to somehow fulfill ALL the leadership described above. We need all these leaders to be operating. Is it any wonder we don’t reach unity in the faith and in the knowledge of the Son of God? We are out of balance.
Yes! Mom received her Ipad and loves her little window on the world. She likes the comfy size. Her abandoned laptop has a stack of mail and clippings on it. It appears Microsoft has lost another customer and Apple can start tracking a new "over ninety" demographic!
(10) CALLSIDE DEVELOPMENTS LTD ,
Genre: YA? Fantasy/Romance
I’m learning to live with the remnants of my grief. From others who have also borne such a loss, I’ve come to understand this is the next phase of grief — not soul-destroying pain as at the beginning, but blips of varying intensity and frequency. I know I can deal with this new stage of grief because I have been dealing with my grief all along, but still, a part of me rebels at the necessity.
Chelsea Market Wishing Well
When I picked up the earth on Saturday, I also picked up sweet pea and hollyhock seeds, as well as three roots of bleeding hearts. I know the hollyhocks won’t bloom this year, but I love the green on them!
Eric Jenkins, University of Cincinnati. Another Punctum Mickey Vallee, University of Alberta. The Machine in the Ghost: Poststructural Aesthetics, Kinetic Sound Sculptures, and the Ontological Relations of McLuhan’s Theory of Extension/Amputation to Deleuze & Guattari’s “Body Without Organs”
I believe that we should not be dividing anyone by race, and that “there is no room for hyphenated Americans.” You’re American, or you’re an alien. No middle ground. Permanent resident? You ain’t one of us yet.
1,000 prom dresses that are either ‘reused’- previously worn or ‘recycled’- donated/bought at the end of the season from stores will be given away.
Why are there millions of Pakistanis in Europe? Around 10% of Oslo is of Pakistani origin, and in the district of the town where I live, the figure is probably closer to 90%. Mass immigration was orchestrated to drive down salaries, raise unemployment, and generally take power away from the working man and give it to unscrupulous multi-nationals. Trades Unions have supported immigration, knowing full-well that rapid increases in population are detrimental to working conditions - regardless of the ethnic origin of the newcomers - but then, the Trades Unions of today are politically-motivated, and the well-being of the worker is of far less importance to the Union leaders than political ideology of their internationalist masters.
5 looms
One advantage of outsourcing the party was that all I needed to provide was the cake and the take home favour boxes. Of course I purchased these from the lovely Leanne at Sweet Style. The black and white chevron boxes were just the right size for the goodies I wanted to fill them with. The matching itty bitty bags housed the green and black sixlets, also purchased from Sweet Style. The favours also included a skull and crossbone pencil, a note book, spooky stickers, a spooky eraser, a party blower, and some gold coin chocolate's. Symone designed a matching thankyou tag, which looked fabulous tied to the boxes.
The Campaign Finance Board is holding off its review into whether Mayor Bloomberg's re-election campaign violated disclosure rules on the orders of the Manhattan DA's Office, sources told The Post.
Another reason why homeownership rates may be down is that prospective home buyers believe the hurdles of today’s mortgage approval process may be impassably high. That’s untrue.
heard but unseen,
Norman entertains Hilda with his guitar playing and his goofy songs — mostly cleansed of the drug-obsessed lyrics that he sings when he's alone — and his conversations with Sylvia are tentative but strangely charming, two shy people hesitantly chatting and joking and learning about each other. In contrast, Peter is a joyless bore who Sylvia seems to cling to only because she has almost nobody else, because she's so desperate for some kind of connection in her life. The film's epic centerpiece is a very long sequence in which Sylvia invites Norman in to play guitar for Hilda, before being joined first by her abrasive co-worker Pat (Joolia Cappleman) and then by Peter, who's coming over for a date. The cozy pleasure of Norman playing guitar for Hilda and Sylvia — Leigh shoots the trio in an intimate arrangement that suggests a family — is soon disrupted by the arrival of these other people, and this impromptu party becomes a tense and painfully awkward affair. At one point, Leigh brilliantly cuts between closeups of all the people in Sylvia's living room, all of them silent, casting shy glances at one another, opening their mouths as if about to say something and then stopping, smiling nervously or clenching their teeth. This goes on for quite a while, and the rapid rhythm of this closeup montage accentuates the silence and the awkwardness. It's both maddening and, increasingly, bitingly hilarious.
Now I'm pissed. The bank let her transfer money into my bank account OVER THE PHONE without my account number. They looked up my account by my name! That's hiding money from the IRS!!!
But it's getting late...
I can’t even wrap my mind around a number that big, but one thing I can understand is that this is an egregious example of how we as a society are condemning our best and brightest young people to spending the best years of their lives in debt bondage to the banks.
although....
I'm back from 2 1/2 weeks of vacation in Hawaii! We were visiting my husband's family for a "late Christmas" with them. Since I didn't bake at all during vacation, and thus have no baked goods to post about, I'll show you what I made before our vacation!
I've been experimenting a bit. I am a huge fan of Frank Lloyd Wright and while these didn't exactly turn out as I had hoped, they are a start. I have several books on his works and thought it would be fun to take a mini view of one of his designs. I'll keep working on this concept and maybe I'll hit on something that is a better representation of what I had planned to do.
The shortlist for Salt Publishing's Scott Prize is announced! The winners will have their debut short story collections published. Winners announced in April; congratulations all! (Especially to our own Short Reviewer Julia Bohanna...!)
Flat stomach, weight would no longer hold me back from certain activities
I made it through and was proud of myself and everyone else for being able to power through and finish the entire ride! From start to finish the entire experience (the preparation and event itself) was inspiring and I loved to see so many people come together for such a great cause.
In memory of Henry Shrubsole
Or, maybe there is meaning in our stories, and even greater meaning in how we understand and interpret and tell our own stories, especially as those stories relate to the fantastical story we are part of.
This is the next book for my book club and I really don’t think I would have picked it out if it had not been the next book. But I have to say, it was extremely entertaining and a very good read. The cover was cute and child-like which defiantly peaked my interest. Then there was the summary of the book and that made me want to give this book a try even more. It was quirky.
In case you’re wondering, when you have an agent the response times do get shorter, usually. And the responses are often times specific and helpful. But there is still waiting!
“The bottom line for our country is that cleaner power will cut harmful carbon dioxide pollution, protect our children and help secure a safe prosperous future,” said Vickie Patton, the general counsel for the Environmental Defense Fund.
Josh: Fine. You can be made of animal skin.
"Why hadn't I seen this on the news? (I work for a TV station. We flip channels all day)
2) Did you have a crappy day? Did someone really make you angry? Put it all down on paper baby. Next time you are writing an angry scene and need some inspiration, grab your journal. Or, better yet, is one of your MCs going through something you are having trouble relating to? Try thinking about a time in your life when you felt the same way your MC might be feeling and recall those memories to your journal pages. You might have more in common with your MC than you think.
The tonkotsu stock is a fickle beast. Because of the high fat content, it only keeps for 12 hours. Each day, Mori boils the stock at 10am and 10pm, even coming in when the shop is closed on Mondays, to ensure the stock doesn't spoil.
But have you thought about how the SOPA legislation might affect you as a writer? Until a few days ago, I hadn't thought about it, either.
I didn't actually measure how deep the snow was, and the "before" pictures I took didn't look very impressive. So I have called on my handy-dandy furry measuring sticks!
19th-23rd March – Isiolo county, Kenya
Liverworts are thought to be among the earliest plants to make the transition from water to land, and share a common ancestry with green algae.
Despite all the familiar trappings that make up this genre and the visually unimpressive CG, Infinite Stratos still manages to be genuinely funny and likeable to the point that you will certainly appreciate its humor, fun characters and decent storytelling. The series has an excellent voice cast, particularly when it comes to the English dub cast that does a great job with all the accents (especially when it comes to Charles and Laura) and Monica Rial who does a brilliant job conveying Houki’s frustration with Ichika and her inability to confess her feeling for him.
Two weeks have passed since reporters Dave Forster and Marjon Rostami - friends to me and many others at the newspaper - were attacked on a Saturday night as they drove home from a show at the Attucks Theatre. They had stopped at a red light, in a crowd of at least 100 young people walking on the sidewalk. Rostami locked her car door. Someone threw a rock at her window. Forster got out to confront the rock-thrower, and that's when the beating began.
environmental causes.
P.S. I'm posting this from sunny Florida where I've been crafting away and enjoying wonderful weather.
I can't believe we'll be home in less than a month now! We can't wait to see everyone!!
its just something that's relaxing for me, somehow - & has become something super encouraging, too, thanks to all of you! oh my gosh…the sweetest comments & emails you guys!!! seriously. you all are amazing! i'm sorry i haven't been more awesome at writing back to everyone. i'm going to try, i promise!
I love them a lot.
-annie dillard
Reverend Jackson told FOX35 he believes the fatal shooting on February 26th was racially motivated.
I’ve had this post sitting around half written for a long time, so I’ve decided to post it without saying everything I wanted to say and have done with it. Even the things I do say are not as organized as I’d normally like.
Creating the initial drawing and then transferring it to the canvas is one of the first steps in this process. While this may seem tedious and daunting to us, it's just another day for her. One of my favorite stages in this project is the choosing of fibers. As I mentioned, we are used to just reaching into the kit we purchased and choosing the predetermined color thread, but when Peri designs her work, she has to decide on the colors needed to make the art come to life. And lest we think it's just a quick trip to the yarn shop, in reality a great deal of color research and time is used in deciding on the right colors and fibers.
we (mostly oliver) got creative with our at home time.
I nodded.
But not if we don’t test it.
The flip side of a common language is seen through the internet. Now, no matter where you live or reside, you can be in communication with someone, sharing knowledge with someone, learning from someone, sharing your feelings with someone. An awesome tool that allows us to share the gospel with everyone no matter where they live, and what time zone they occupy.
Yantra de Vilder found that a lot of conflicting feelings were stirred up when she decided to tie the knot with her partner, Suzanne.
Come spin some stories about street dogs
“Just as the Indian was branded a savage beast to justify his exploitation, so those who sought social reform were branded communists to justify their persecution.” (Gleijeses, Politics and Culture in Guatemala, Michigan, 1988, p.392)
Grace Chiou, University of Denver. The Visual and Material Culture of the Urban Church: From Flanerie to Koinonia Silvia Maria Guerra Molina, University of São Paulo, Mariana Piva-Silva, University of São Paulo, Gabriel Henrique Lui, University of São Paulo, and Ana Paula Branco do Nascimento, Ninth of July University. Deagrarianisation: Dislocations of Technologies and Landscape Dislodgement
But I do know that I love the quote and am grateful to have it written down somewhere. It's a message that I think is vitally important to share with my little girl:
Want to make your own Letter Tile Spelling Mat with your family's names?
Treu, a medical assistant in the Johannesburg concentration camp, stated that patients were bullied and even lashed with a strap.
In the future, we will have to remember to allow three hours door-to-door when leaving Worcester to catch a flight out of Boston. Our slightly late start alone wouldn't have killed us, but searching for a gas station near the airport to fill up the rental car at the last minute, getting left behind by the rental car bus (thanks for nothing, Budget!) and a post-Thanksgiving bottleneck at security came within minutes of making us miss our flight.
The front and rear walls of the living room were demolished. In their places were 2 sets of new full-height timber-framed clear glass pivot panels. This allows good cross ventilation across the length of the house when doors are opened. When closed, it allows the air conditioning unit to work more efficiently as they act as air envelops.
He always told us that Jesus was our best friend. No matter what happens, Jesus is there for us and loves us. One of my favorite stories he would share was the story about the lightbulb. He told this story to many of the children and it was a great analogy I plan to share with my daughter as I teach her about Jesus and our faith. Father Mike would take a regular old lightbulb and ask the children how he could turn it on. He would then stick it in his ear or under his arm...and look puzzled as to why it wasn't turning on. He would explain that we can't be a light to others or the light that Jesus wants us to be without being connected. Connected? Yes, connected...as he would then get an extension cord and add that to the lightbulb base...we need to be connected to Jesus Christ to let His light shine through us. What a great analogy...I can hear him telling it and see him acting it out.
Going to church? No, it’s the weekly dinner prepared by semi-retired master chef Chu for his three daughters in this lovely 1994 Taiwanese film by Ang Lee (perhaps better known in the West for directing Sense and Sensibility, written by and starring Emma Thompson). Although the daughters still live at home, their presence is mandated each Sunday at the table, which groans with gorgeous, delicious food made by their dad.
Stick it to the man. Don’t tell me what I can’t do or what I’ll never achieve. A great friend of mine described himself as an idealist, continuing by telling me that he didn’t know where he was going, but he damn-sure knew he was on his way; words to live by. Life is a path at the end of the day, and I’ve no choice but to follow it and see where it takes me.
If you come across a great Homo sapien var. Man it is likely he will eventually develop into a wonderful Father. These two are a good example!
A spot alit
So how was I to reconcile the fact that I was now pastoring thousands of people with the fact that my greatest example in ministry was known for turning away thousands of people? Whenever the crowd got big, he’d say something such as “Unless you eat the flesh of the Son of Man and drink his blood, you have no life in you.” Not exactly the sharpest church-growth tactic. I can almost picture the looks on the disciples’ faces. “No, not the drink-my-blood speech! We’ll never get on the list of the fastest growing movements if you keep asking them to eat you.”
The Galaxy Apollo I5800 is a touch screen Smartphone designed by Samsung complete with a Android operating system & a user friendly touch user interface. This 3G Smartphone has been designed to be an affordably priced Smartphone with pocket friendly casing dimensions. The Samsung Galaxy Apollo I5800 is from the same Samsung range as the Samsung Galaxy I5500 Europa which is also a compact & powerful little Smartphone. The Galaxy Apollo I5800 may also be known as the Samsung Apollo I5801 & comes with a 3.2 inch touch screen, integrated 3.1 megapixel camera with video recording capabilities, music player, Google Internet search, variety of messaging & communication services plus a Facebook® application.
When the threads in a hole get barfed, there's not much you can do except tap it for a larger hole or weld some filler into it and try to drill and tap it again. Since I don't have welding stuff, adding filler is out.
The answer to the Far Right is not to adopt the approach of the Stalinists, and follow the fascists into the swamp of Nationalism, but to provide the working-class across Europe with a way out of that swamp, towards the sunny uplands, of socialist internationalism.
Alex's first birthday was probably my hardest day. I didn't want to make him a cake, because I couldn't have any. I didn't want to buy ice cream because I couldn't have any. But the better side of me took over and we bought him a pre-made Oreo cake and ice cream. We invited some friends over to celebrate with us. I didn't get to have any of it. :(
“The management had communicated to its franchisees that they were not willing to work on the MG model and wanted to work on a model that guarantees fixed margin of about 35 per cent to a franchisee,” the franchisee said.
ME: Sooo...(putting the foreign object down)....it's basically ham and egg jello.
*Must lockout every rep, cannot set down the kettlebell at any point in time during the 5 minutes, and must get 50 reps in 5 minutes or disqualification.
Out from church, wanting to buy lemonade
Oct 24 - Green Eggs And Jam - Boone, NC
The kids I nanny, B&K, wanted to do a paint project yesterday, so I thought it would be fun to make something for their mom, for Mother’s Day (hello, it’s on Sunday!). First we consulted Pinterest and found some cute inspiration, but we wanted to branch out a little on our own, too. K decided she wanted to ‘foot’ paint a butterfly and ‘hand’ paint a sun…a really cute summer day scene. B decided that he wanted to do a couple of flowers with his hands and feet! I love doing finger painting activites, but make sure you keep some towels and paper towels close by because it gets messy (although washable paint is great, we still don’t like it covering everything!).
If you don’t know, the One Million Moms or as I prefer to call them by their reality – The 40,000 Twats – have run such wonderful campaigns as the semi-recent boycott of JCPenny when they decided to hire Ellen Degeneres as their spokesperson. She’s a lesbo. They don’t approve of lesbos, so therefore people should stop buying sh*t from JCPennys. Of course, their boycott failed because boycotting Ellen DeGeneres is like boycotting the comedy-baby-Jesus. (She’s funny and kind and “does no harm”, just as I imagine comedy-baby-Jesus to be…) Then there was the whimsical 40,000 Twats campaign where they boycotted Ben and Jerry’s for issuing a flavor called, “Schweddy Balls”. I’m not kidding. (And they say lesbians are humorless.) And this month, they’ve decided to boycott Urban Outfitters for featuring a lesbian kiss in its catalog.
wielding words like a cat o’ nine tails
No words to describe how pathetic I think Britain has become.
This is the second issue, published for the autumn, and it brings readers a crop of literary delights including an interview with Jeffrey Eugenides by Mark Lawson, a snapshot into the world of Sir Ranulph Fiennes through his ‘Desert Island Books’ selection, an exclusive piece by one of this autumn’s most hotly anticipated
The night is cold against my skin. The sound of silence but howls in my ears. What have I left but than to edge my way slowly over to the top of the summit?
SEATTLE — The Urban Financial Services Coalition – Puget Sound Chapter, a professional trade organization of financial services industry professionals, and Tabor 100, a Pacific Northwest association of small business owners/entrepreneurs and business constituents teamed up to teach Operation HOPE’s “Banking on Our Future” (BOOF) College Edition at South Seattle Community College (SSCC) held from March 13-15, 2012. “The mission of Operation HOPE is to expand economic opportunity in underserved communities through economic education and empowerment,” states David Bell, Senior Program Manager for Portland’s Operation Hope. “We intentionally created an info-taining atmosphere in the classroom to build HOPE and dignity, providing the students with a sense of responsibility and discipline in managing their personal finances,” said Lizzie L. Evans, Founder and Immediate Past President of the UFSC-PS Chapter.
As a government and ruling party, you cannot call upon people to focus upon — to be convinced, to be democratically inspired and uplifted by — a shambles, a farcical mess, a parody of propriety, a cesspool.
* And finally… Do you have any words of wisdom and advice to any aspiring writer?
Given this clear teaching in the Book of Mormon, it is no surprise that blacks were denied the priesthood. I grew up being taught that the more white a person is, the more valiant they were in the pre-existence. I literally thought that, since I was born white and into a Mormon home, that I was one of the very elite.
3. Reduce hidden clutter:
Anyway, the bastards have a word for how you treat people once you've sold them something - they call it CRM, or Customer Relationship Management. If you say that out loud you sound like a complete BMW driver, so I prefer to call it 'how you treat people'.
It’s a rare thing to find an optimistic story about a hard working indefatigable person who has overcome the odds and could succeed because of sheer personal determination.
I was lucky to have great company for the long weekend in New York, and it was quite naturally concluded with the 4th of July fireworks over Hudson River. We sat down for dinner and let the crowd pass us by, but an hour before the show was due to begin we had lined up with the other 4 million people to watch the sky turn red (yes, the show started early).
So here you have it my little summerhouse! Welcome, and please come in ...........
BARMAN - (Tapping the Proper Job pump...) This one's Proper Job.
We move forward:
I am pretty sure that both Marcy and Krystalyn would love a copy of The Emotion Thesaurus for their own writing (as would I), but we've been asked not to give those away as gifts. Becca and Angela want to keep this a celebration. They're not looking for a chart rush. So, I'm sending both my fabulous critique partners a $10 Amazon gift certificate -- just to say thanks for all the countless hours of reading, responding, and patting my head. How they spend it is totally up to them. :D
Check out some mindteasing pictures of the LM5 Concept, enjoy…
After Barbara got in the shower, I hurried up and got the birthday goodies out that I bought back at home. We had fun wearing the slap bracelets around the park for the rest of the trip. Only, later on in the trip at 1900 Park Fare, I was slapping away and flung my bracelet into the infamous Strawberry Soup. Classic Stacey.
The “the next election is fourteen months away” meme in these ads is a thinly veiled attempt to make our economic problems look like political fails, instead of policy fails. The President is accusing the GOP of spitefully standing in the way of economic progress in order to keep the President unpopular until November 2012. So, in a nutshell, he’s reproaching everyone else for playing politics, while unabashedly playing politics.
And being the total sucker-with-a-short-memory that I am, I have just made two of her favourite desserts (chocolate brownies and strawberries & cream cupcakes). There are also chocolate dipped strawberries and her favourite pasta dinner to come. AND the perfume that she (not so subtlely) hinted for.
I have nothing much to say, Peter. I mean, how wonderful could my life be when I was named after a comic character?
Remember The Place offer …
That his happiness had never depended upon my actions........
The sun on your face.
Finally don’t sit around waiting for the bigger clients to find you as that’s unlikely to happen. You need to get out and find them, be prepared to go outside your comfort zone.
Farmers Branch has been invaded and overrun by wetbacks.
As they go about this Koko also mentions how her job happens to attract assassins, so while with her team she isn’t exactly worried, HLCL still sends her warnings of sorts, Orchestra being among them. Soon after this though Koko decides to go on a date with Valmet and Toujo finds that Jonah has ditched him.
Moon started laughing to, he just had to ask something though!
The Bird Saviors is a fascinating low-key character driven thriller starring a young woman who decides to take a chance on living instead of dying a slow domestic death. The storyline starts slow as the world around Pueblo and the key cast are established during a difficult recession. Once done, chaos theory takes effect as one thing leads to another in a world that seems to have gone mad. Readers will enjoy Ruby’s impact as she becomes a bird savior while searching for a good happy life for her and her baby.
Chandler draws his inspiration and motivation from many sources: from the nature around Vancouver, from the techniques he acquired while training in Belgium, France, and from the organic aesthetic of master chocolatiers and pastry chefs in Spain. “In terms of shape and colour, each plant is slightly different from the next. But, at the end of the day, they’re meant to be eaten and enjoyed. We like to remind people to have a little
2. Not too loud
I dodge the hits
This was very good, sweet with a sort of butterscotch taste to it.
We know of 14 other sites that will be giving a Silhouette away in the next week.
Apollo 440 Ain’t talkin’ bout dub US
to be all that we could be.
Both song and tree,
BBC News - 8.4m
Truly, that was a day that we will never forget...nor should we. It serves as a reminder that life can change at any minute, that although a day may dawn normally, it may change in a heartbeat. May we not take a single day for granted...and especially, may we not take our loved ones for granted. May we be thankful for every moment we have with them.
I’ll be in trouble if I don’t blog about the basketball game we went to. We saw the NY Knicks play the Cleveland Caveliers at Madison Square Garden and ate hotdogs and pretzels. Did they win, I hear you ask? Of course they won, because of all the support we gave them! The atmosphere there was great and it was an unforgettable experience-everyone was cheering and out of their seats most the game. We even saw Magic Johnson there!!
Till next week!
we can't decide what to call this room
Adieu my summer star.
Most of the time, anyway.
From the Bishop’s Statement we learn that:
5. in an alternating fashion (and mixing well between additions) add 1/3 dry ingredients, 1/2 wet ingredients, 1/3 dry ingredients, rest of wet ingredients, rest of dry ingredients (starting and ending with dry ingredients).
So, yeah, it's been a month. An extremely tiring, difficult, and long month. I will not bore you with the details as to why. Suffice it to say that there have been some MAJOR upheavals in the VEG-O-SPHERE over the past while that have required me to take a mental health leave from reality for a while. Life re-evaluations have been done, lives have been changed, blah, blah, blah. However, I seem to have come out of the dark now, and wanted to say thanks to you all. Thanks for sticking around, thanks to those of you who have written and inquired after my health, and thanks to those of you who sent virtual hugs.
So, that should solve it–anytime I’m tempted to be discontent with anything in my life, and I have food and clothing, I need to remind myself to be content. I have all I need and more.
So what brings about these moments of ‘epiphany’ that we call creativity? Apparently, something as simple as a casual conversation can lead you to unexpected ideas, and something as outrageous as criticism that challenges your thoughts or ideas can force you to seek alternate paths, and therefore make you more creative.
Oh, my trainer and I matched outfits last night. It was cute. And we listened to death metal. It's good hard core working out music.
Built specifically for female rippers, the Armada ARW Ski features women-specific balance points and curves that are ready handle park, pipe, and all-mountain terrain with style and grace. The AR50 torsion box construction blends the best of both worlds for weight savings and durability, and the burly 2.5 Impact Edge means that this ski can definitely stand up to even the most gnarly park features.
Game comes on. Awesome. I record them and start about 45 minutes in so that I can skip commercials. Normally, I'm at the end of the game before I'm even close to catching up to real time.
My ex died alone after 3 failed marriages. He always said he could live with anyone rather than die alone, but he ended up exactly where he always feared, and died alone. He was unable to learn not to abuse alcohol, and the wife of the hour, both physically and mentally. After the third wife left him, he was alone. Funnily, I felt pity for him and actually hope he has learned enough that his next life will not be so tragic.
Having been through pregnancy and early motherhood myself more than once, I now know what I wish I knew then: this is something a person should think about training for.
You have had to warn your toddler to not pick up shiny things, as they are probably razor blades.
Happy Running! Have you ever spectated at a race when you’ve been injured?
He pointed out that they actually demolished some of the most historic streets of Nottingham to build the Broadmarsh, and that included building on top of an ancient system of limestone caves under the city centre. These have now been resurrected, and you can enter “Cave City” via the shopping centre.
How sad and merrily!
Thank you Allie Boo for coming to play with us!
of purple hues
For instance…
The events that have now been confirmed include:
To talk or walk and then run.
Then we did an experiment with a glass jar, and some paper clips to see if we could move them through the jar with the magnet. We could, even when they were attached to something heavy like a clay snake. We tried several other mediums to try and pull things through. The table was too thick. A lego board worked. As did a plastic cup.
We have found ourselves quite smitten with butterflies lately. First, there was the tent caterpillar we found at the park. We brought it home to observe it, and placed it in one of our bug-studying habitats. It was so active and had such interesting markings. I was looking forward to trying to get a good photo of it, but surprise! we woke up in the morning to find it had formed a cocoon. And about two weeks later, we woke up to find the cocoon empty. (Sadly, I didn't get a good picture of the moth either. It's so annoying when nature won't comply with my compulsive need to document everything!)
The slightest hitch as the Gate met the orientation of its twin let her fix the whole arrangement in place, and for a second the world bent to her imagination, the cell and the building above it rotating in place through seventy or eighty degrees. Dimly, Pevan heard Dagdan's queasy gulp. Stresses wound up by the outright violation of physics gushed to ground themselves down the path of least resistance; the tunnel cut through Realmspace by the fading Gateway.
Medium: copics/promarkers
Again, taking a deep breath, I take a minute to be thankful.
A spokesman for the Environment Agency said: “"We are continuing to pay our senior civil servants obscene amounts of tax-payers’ money for doing absolutely fuck-all as well as checking their pension arrangements and clearing any potential risks to their comfortable retirements.”
the lick. Maybe that’s what happened to Dad.
The attention to detail is wonderful, and I love it that she carried it through to the mat, sprinkled with crown, watch, and key images that are iconic to each character.
I will be posting the finished necklace and cuff on Saturday so come on back to see it.
For those that know me, I love cardinals dearly. So I know we will have to try this "C is for Cardinal" idea from the blog The Fantastic Five.
According to the draft Senate Report,
Since I was a child, I have dreamed of a large Queen Anne Victorian with a wrap around Front Porch......
(4) The sign referred to in sub-regulation (3) shall:
This new Fairy Best set from There She Goes keeps calling my name. I had to play with it today. I love this little mushroom image and thought what a nice friendship card it would make. The dp I used today is MME Happy Go Lucky. Ribbon and brads were from Michaels and my border punch is MFT.
I also really loved this little suitcase also £1.99. These are really useful of displaying things at craft fairs. I fill them with purses or little things and they look really cute. I'm very pleased with my purchases!
D-Branes, Dance of the Gauge Bosons in Vacuum and Tadpole Diagrams at Play involve creative and somewhat whimsical re-use of common symbols and symbolic ideas in Physics (with that capital “P”). Ever since I was a girl, there’s always been a corner of my mind that imagined numbers and symbols as animate. I’ve often caught myself assigning personalities and backstories to my mathematical objects. What do they do when they finish working for us, and where do they go home to chill? I believe these works of art give appropriate neighborhoods to some hard working mathematical ideas. I’m not sure the tadpole diagrams are actually hard-working, but we’ll give them the benefit of the doubt.
Note: This column was first published on 16 November 20007 and it has since been amended.
Top Picks from Challenge 28:
Ironically, the Republicans have criticized President Barack Obama for his not promptly filling judicial vacancies. Of the 87 judicial vacancies, the Administrative Office of the U.S. Courts has designated 34 as “judicial emergencies” because they lack a sufficient number of judges to deal with the caseload. The Constitution guarantees people a speedy trial, something they won’t be getting because the Republicans are waiting for 2012. Liu was nominated the first time almost two years ago; during that time the Senate has confirmed only 62 percent of Obama’s nominations.
Young Picknelly Jr. walked by in white tennis shoes. Linda Melconian, Jose Tosado and Bill Foley were seated at a table, but Linda got up and left as I approached. I complained to Foley and Tosado that everything the City Council does is decided in the backroom before the meeting and the public proceedings are just a farce. I also complained about the Quadrangle and when I happened to mention Fran Gagnon both Foley and Tosado made a face like they didn't like her. I told them they should always consult Charles V. Ryan and Eamon T. O'Sullivan before voting on any matter of importance and they thanked me for my opinions.
Tools: Tim Holtz Distress Ink Applicator (Ranger)
It’s been an evolutionary year for social media. Many new trends and facts have been published that may help you shape your 2010 marketing and PR plan. We have included a sampling of these facts and our recommendations on how you can use them when developing your 2011 plan.
To be seen clearly is to be defenseless, disarmed; exposed to any thought or judgment. When I have let L tie me, beat me, break my composure, I have bared something hidden to her eyes. From the first tentative, surprising slap on my ass, she was offering me knowledge of herself, of what she was willing to do. Then the act of becoming physically naked becomes an invitation to pull aside other layers of protection.
Last Updated: 9:50 AM, May 2, 2012
Me: You are so competitive.
of a clash of 2 sounds within your mix e.g the bass & kick drum.
Children with gender identity disorder show a strong, persistent discomfort with their biological sex. They identify with and display behaviors usually seen in the opposite sex.
Happy (belated) Easter. I've been invited by Cheah of No-Frills Recipes to place a menu tagging game for the Easter party. Rule of the game is to suggest 5 to 10 recipes and upload the photos with their respective links. After that, I've to tag 10 bloggers to do the same.
Nancy Amoah (a class 3 Challenging Heights-er) followed me across the road into the chop bar to tell me she was “sorry, okay?”
“It seems incredible to us today that anyone could believe that 70,000 tonnes of steel could be unsinkable, but that was exactly what people in 1912 believed. …
We all prepared to travel to Presque Isle. I rode with Cynthia, who knew the way. She lived in a nearby town at that time. I had flown into the devastating ice storm that hit the northeastern United States—now I was to travel two miles further north on extremely icy roads.
These little cakes can't really be on the Quick and Easy list because of the piping, smoothing, caramel-making, pecan-placing, etc. But the cupcakes themselves are nice and easy. Just mix up cocoa, eggs, and sour cream. (You know they're going to be good).
Although I've removed my artwork from my car, I've been thinking about re-doing it! What do you think? What should I paint on my car next?
You'll have to speak up, I'm wearing a towel.
Go Home, Miss America is currently an incomplete rough draft. Today at lunch (I had a spinach salad, ta awfully) I completed Chapter 6, and I think it's a fine chapter. I'm not sure about the final line but I can delete that. It pulls the story forward, I think, but possibly it does so in a cliche manner and I am expending a great deal of energy avoiding/stamping out cliches in this manuscript. Which, of course, will make it even less marketable but one can't stop sacrificing for one's art, can one? No, one can't. Or shouldn't.
Oh, the memories! Malcolm happily working at creating and publishing Mr. Muhammad Speaks, there, right there, at 5335 South Greenwood Avenue, Chicago, the national headquarters of Nation Of Islam. Malcolm, a high school dropout, living the American Dream.
Off the bottom rung of love’s ladder
Elise wiggled her toes again, burrowing them deeper under the warmth of Jack's leg. He looked up at her in exasperation but his look quickly changed to lust as he focused in on the swell of her breast exposed by her cleavage. She gave him a saucy smile with an innocent, "What?"
Fourteen years and bff status, and she's been holding out on me.
Also, I've had a few emails asking me how I take my photos/who takes them - I use a little Panasonic lumix point and shoot camera and my tripod and selftimer, and I take them myself. I'd feel a little bit awkward if someone else was taking them, but I'm a proper control freak though!
It snowed quite a bit in my neck of the woods this past week, but that is usual right? It's Utah and "winter" time right? WRONG it has barely snowed all this year. Christmas season was barren and we have had so many warm days one starts thinking winter is over. Crumbs people we are getting crumbs of snow.
Malo's second album was cut with a lineup that had been reorganized following their debut.
Hidden Folk enjoy a certain regard, and nowhere more so than in Hafnarfjördur. There is even a Hidden Worlds tour that takes you to their home sites, stopping at places like Hellisgerdi park and the base of the cliff Hamarinn, which is said to be home to the Royal Family of the Hidden Folk. Along the way, the guide relates ancient folk tales of the magical hidden worlds and describes how the town grew and developed in harmony with the Hidden Folk.
I now cherish these photos so much!
The kids ﬁnally win the battle when they air the rumor that the Gunsmoke episode is going to feature the drowning of kittens. (In case you were wondering, there never was a Gunsmoke episode in which kittens were drowned.)
5:00 pm Jake's Lincoln (14th & P St.)
The strawberry plants in the east garden have recovered nicely from the early squirrel attacks. Some are obviously stunted, yet are healthy and growing. The one in the lower middle didn't make it so there are 2 dead spots. The larger plants are starting to send out runners, however, so hopefully it will all be filled in sooner than later.
6. Is it a challenge being a single again?
going going going.
What adventure do you want to have? What kind of scary thing do you want to do before you die? Mine are gallop on a horse, bungee jump, parasail, and go on an upside down roller coaster. I’ve done all of these so far except gallop on a horse. Yours may be to skydive, swim with sharks, or scale a mountain. Crossing these things off a list feels awesome. What can you do to go on these adventures?
Here's Winkin' at ya ;o)
A4. Live It (1:34)
The military and intelligence services of Russia and China are conducting a sustained campaign to steal American commercial and military secrets through cyberespionage, according to the chairman of the House Intelligence Committee, and he warned that …
HARARE (Reuters) – Zimbabwe’s government raised the stakes on Thursday in its drive to wrest majority control of foreign mining companies, with a minister saying the state now considered it owned 51 percent of firms that have not complied with local ownership laws.
Having no idea which headset to buy, I took a chance on this one. Now I’m buying a secong one because my wife liked listening to me talk from it so much she had to have one herself. It’s a great device. It’s very nice to use while driving… I can’t believe everyone doesn’t have one of these. It’s volume is excellent and you cannot tell the difference after someone plugs it in while you …
Each time I dig up past seasons clothes, it's an all over again discovery, the pleasure to find back some old and cherished somewhat forgotten acquaintances like my Etoile and H&M knits, the basic and useful Zara mid-season trench and the "I-completely-had-forgotten-I-owned-that-thing" items.
Established QVC designers including Lori Goldstein, Marc Bouwer, Amrita Singh and Melania Trump are also scheduled to present new pieces during the show.
It's fascinating to look at the wide array of illustration styles Maurice Sendak employed in these pages. In fact, it's easy to imagine the young artist going off in any number of career directions after finishing this book.
“Seriously, Seth, we could do this all afternoon. You know, just like everyone else around here, that I still give free advice. And, you should know that even though it’s free, it’s still privileged.”
In the year 2006, in America, 33.1% of babies were exclusively breastfed through 3 months of age and only 13.6% were exclusively breastfed through 6 months. It's incredible that American women are trying to breastfeed (73.9% of babies were ever breastfed) but we're obviously running into some serious roadblocks... which brings me back to Grandma...
also, my skills has improved. i always say it’s the gear. yes it is. my racquet helped a lot to level up my swings and smashes.
Game 1: Texas 4 Toronto 1- Yu Darvish baffled the Blue Jays line up with his slider and was also helped by some inexplicable laying off of some pitches by the Jays batters.
The Super Friends worked in conjunction with the US military and had their own liasion, Colonel Wilcox, as well as brought in other pals to help out – Green Arrow, The Flash and Plastic Man. Nine actors were hired to do the voices, including Casey Kasem and Ted Knight.
Again, thanks everyone. Next time I post I should have a Christmas card or 2 to share! -- Pat N.﻿
Whoever told you that life is equal or fair was trying to sell you something. Nobody, nohow, nowhere ever has an "equal" experience to that of somebody else, somehow else, somewhere else. Every individual's experience is unique, whether they're unschooling or attending public school or matriculating at some upscale private institution. Some families have more money/resources than others. Some have more opportunities than others. They're all simply different. "Equal" is a chimera. Forget it, it's neither important nor realistic. Unique, individually-tailored experience is the important concept here. It doesn't matter that my experience in life is not equal to yours. What's important is that mine's mine and yours is yours.
When all was said and done. The Rams were believed to get Oklahoma State’s wide receiver Justin Blackman but a team traded up and took him with the 5th pick. With their first pick (14th overall) they took LSU’s Michael Brockers. A defensive tackle that only played one full season at LSU. At first I wasn’t sure of this pick. I wanted them to take Claiborne at 6 (which they traded away) or maybe a linebacker here at 14. After I settled down though this was a nice pick. With development Brockers will be a great DT. He already stops the run well and needs to develop his pass rushing ability. With the other lineman the Rams already have they should be set for the next several years if they all continue to improve. A team needs to be built from their line and then out.With the first pick in the second round I wanted them to take a wide receiver. There were plenty of options here and if not I wanted them to take a wide receiver with their second pick of the round and take the linebacker/defensive end Courtney Upshaw from Alabama. From what I heard about him he’s better being a linebacker in a 3-4 style defense. The Rams run a 4-3 defense. He wouldn’t be a good fit then. The Rams picked Brian Quick from Appalachian State. Who? This pick was a reach. They could have taken him probably with their third second round pick or even the first pick in the third round for them. He’s 6-4 220 pounded who runs a 4.55 40 yard dash. He’s a fairly raw talent playing only his senior year in high school and playing at a D2 university. The Rams watched his workouts and fell in love with him. They considered him 1b to Justin Blackman. I’m assuming they took this pick as a steal but I took it as a stretch.
You only need a little amount of batter for this recipe. They will work as a glue to hold the vegetables together.
A while ago, Jeff wrote a post called Lord, do not forgive them, for they know exactly what they are doing. The post discusses how Sanballat was trying to undermine the rebuilding of the wall in Jerusalem, and how Nehemiah prayed in response to Sanballat’s scorn.
Kelly Burped.
17. Sha Stimuli - The Funeral
Besides noticing a bit of colon tightness (remedied with extra fiber and chamomile tea, not the cheeseburgers and root beer I’ve been employing as of late), she also found traces of leg weakness, back pain, thyroid disease, and bladder irritation. Which is interesting because I broke my leg as kid, currently spend my working days bent over a toilet, was tested several times for thyroiditis as a teen, and can’t even think about bubble baths or semen without contracting a bladder infection. Each of these afflictions imprinted veritable scar tissue on my irises, and, believe it or not, Julie could see it. You’ve gotta admit—that’s pretty cool.
before settling for an outfit, i looked around online to get inspired, and i was happy to see that most “first day at work” outfits were relatively similar, and more or less what i had in mind. i stumbled across Amanda’s blog, and i absolutely love her style! so i was thrilled when her “first day at work” combo, looked so similar to what i had picked out for myself:
The third type of collector is the person with boxes and boxes (or stacks and stacks) of cards with no rhyme or reason to what is in the collection. The person could just as easily have a Hank Aaron rookie card as they could have 25 Bip Roberts cards from 1987 Topps. Amazingly (to me), no one fessed up to being a Type 3 collector!
Ah, Paris. No fig leaves here -- just April leaves. And how.
So, to summarize, making adjustments is a bad thing when it insulates you from the “real” by providing a fantasy-based (or baseless-fantasy) version of reality that provides a false comfort, and invites you to do nothing about the “real” challenges you face.
The point is you have discovered a song or an artist of whom you never heard and you love it. BUY IT! If you are a true lover of music, then go to any online site, NEVER MENTION MY NAME, and buy the the song or the CD; don't settle for the "low quality" crap that I upload....you are missing the best part of the music!
Dry Dock - I'm telling you, this could be Colorado's next great brewery. Five years ago they made the jump from homebrew supply store to microbrewery and they've been winning awards ever since. The 2009 GABF Small Brewery of the Year recently doubled its brewing capacity (to 3000 barrels) and added a bottling line in November of 2010. Dry Dock is the rare brewery that seems to brew every style well, from Vanilla Porter to Hefeweizen to Double IPA. In fact, those are three of my favorite Dry Dock offerings. Every Friday brings a new Firkin tapping, which brings out even more followers to one of the area's busiest brewpubs. They just did another expansion, adding a new fireplace, larger barrel program and additional seating at beautiful large wood tables. No real food, but they do have an old school popcorn machine, which combined with their board game collection seems to make this a great place for kids. I always see families here. Mom and Dad get beer, the little ones get a bowl of popcorn and all the Connect Four they want and it all just seems to work out.
So what happened to the era of law and order Obama was supposed to usher in? What change did this President bring? How much hope do you have for the future after reading the above? Obama has followed in the footsteps of his murderous, Constitution-shredding predecessor.
The cool evening's frost cannot hope to fight
Join Lincoln High Schools students as they read their work at the Portland Art Museum Miller Gallery. This is a Writers in the Schools end-of-residency reading open to the public.
They were investigated under Section 298A (1) of the Penal Code for causing disharmony, disunity or feelings of enmity, hatred or ill will, or prejudicing the maintenance of harmony or unity, on grounds of religion.
Hey there
After the required photo in front of the capital, we detoured to a coffeeshop: Michelangelo’s – reportedly one of “the oldest coffeehouses in the Midwest.” We didn’t know this at the time, but our desire to be in a warm place with a cup of coffee steered us in the right direction. Black Forest Mocha Cherry Magic Something or Other really hit the spot.
This is the crucial point.
So suddenly we have our first real “drama” in the selection process for the U.S. team for London – can Rupp in his debut at the distance get into that top three and make the marathon team for the Olympics, because if he does, Salazar & Rupp will have two thirds of a year to get him ready for the Big Show! And that could be one of the stories to watch over the Olympic season.
Art? Well it would have made to the select cellar of a hundred million or so unwatched arty-farty fillums, down there with Melancholia and Tree Of Life, but it was not shot in black and white.
She’ll never be there in the morning to watch the turning of the sea,
We arrive at our hotel where a lone Finn stands by the lift, looking startled, with glazed eyes, clutching his bottle of Black & White whisky and swaying ever-so-slightly.
2: That’s usually about $20,000
Rule #6: Agreed… mistakes are learning opportunities unless you ignore the learning and continue to make the same mistakes. That is your fault, no one elses.
Thanks to everyone who's played along with us, it's been another Fantastic year for Charisma Challenges and we couldnt have done it without you all!
For it had never mattered
Around six weeks ago, you said
BURN HOLY
Ng TP, Foo SC, Yoong T. Menstrual function in workers exposed to toluene. Br J Ind Med 1992; 49: 799-803.
Now, I've always loved Asian food (all varieties), so it's been really easy to find meals that I and my family would enjoy. Here's one I recently made:
This design provides for both shared and intimate experiences in the garden. Three gardens are created here: a common area, a wildlife habitat garden, and a rain garden.
O thy bright eyes must answer now,
There's no cure now and there is unlikely to be one in your child's formative years. It's fine to fight but lets be clear what we're fighting. It's not autism. We're fighting for acceptance, for understanding, for support and most of all for a change in our circumstances.
Whether you're traveling with toddlers be sure you have saved a lot, you would need inside connections with the cheap airline ticket to prague for SpiceJet Airlines cheapest flights. So why delay, go ahead and book your transfer online, you will cause permanent severe damage to your body struggles with the site been providing airport parking, I would like to think that hiring transfer services can be astounding. Do not just plump for the cheap airline ticket to pakistan of the cheap airline ticket to atlanta as early as possible because not all passengers are on a long-flight in business class or coach on a short trip and a pleasure trip. They get all the cheap airline ticket to kathmandu like shorts, t-shirts, sun tan cream, sunglasses, spare a thought for your flights.
Oh hey guys, sorry for my brief hiatus. Just going through the storm before the calm... can the saying work that way? Anyway, both my course and one of the jobs will be going on a three week break soon where I plan on making lots of beautiful art, lazying about on the beach and surely finding something interesting to blog about... or there's just teasing you with photos my southern-hemisphere summer. We can just live vicariously though each other. You guys can show of pics of fresh snowfall and I'll post all my sunny days... so long as it stops raining... again.
I consider myself a workaholic, conditioned behavior from having workaholics for parents, and that’s also why I will never have kids, as I know personally how working all the time effects the relationship that you would have with the child.
were just a rain dance that caused a hurricane.
My card for kids.
“A cancer is an uncontrolled multiplication of cells; the population explosion is an uncontrolled multiplication of people. We must shift our efforts from the treatment of the symptoms to the cutting out of the cancer. The operation will demand many apparently brutal and heartless decisions.”
Statistics, probabilities, risk assessments are not completely useless. They cannot, however, become the reason for our efforts. No more statistics. No more Andrews.
Welcome to our newest challenge with Friends of SpeedyTV. We have some exciting news for our challenges. We are now offering a free stamp set to one lucky winner of our challenge every week. This weeks stamp set will be
But there was always something more important going on. From the very beginning, each episode focused intensely on a different character, showing a flashback of what life was like for this person before they were brought to the island.
Mine is from 10 years ago when I was pregnant. LOTS OF STICKERS was the popular thing back then. Those rounded corner punches for the photos and no backing on the photos. Uggh.. what was I thinking?? I remember I owned stamps back then, but didn't think to use them on my layouts. I would use the very few that I owned for card making.
‘Kyrie Eleison’ means ‘Lord have mercy’ in Greek, and while I was on the road alone and listening to a song that I really loved, the seeds of the Kyrië story were born.
And, I’ll be finishing up my guest post for Eric Wang’s blog Health Demystified that will be featured on his blog the following week. So, it may actually start looking like I’m a legitimate blogger before too much any longer.
Geography games online
The poll also asked about what should happen to Wales if Scotland became independent and the majority of respondents said Wales should have more powers but not independent, which proves that the ruptures over the Scotland and the UK over the last few weeks which got lots of attention from the media has passed most Welsh voters by, a potential problem for all Welsh parties but most of all Plaid Cymru.
Next up was Team Adam’s Mathai. In the package before the performance, Adam was shown pushing Mathai to do ‘I’m Like A Bird’ by Nelly Furtado, even after she voiced her protests. She didn’t connect with the song, but Adam was adamant. After the pretty solid performance, Christina told it like it is, saying that Adam should have let her choose a song she truly connected with. Adam truly dropped the ball on this one. The song is great, but I got the feeling that Adam thought of a song to fit Mathai’s unique voice instead of a song that would fit Mathai as a performer. There’s no doubt Mathai’s voice reminds me of Nelly Furtado, but that doesn’t mean that that’s what she’s supposed to be singing. Her last chance song, which was her choice, was definitely better and allowed her to give a more energetic performance.
John 16:33 I have told you these things, so that in Me you may have peace. In this world you will have trouble. But take heart! I have overcome the world.
In the photo, you see slices of ham rolled around dill pickles. I converted this recipe a bit from one my friend Kalyn uses for Super Bowl. In Kalyn's recipe (actually her sister's) the ham slices are slathered with cream cheese before rolling. I would skip the cheese! It would be reduced-fat! Then I could fry the rolls for burny flavor and the cheese wouldn't all melt out.
Place all ingredients in a sauce pot and bring to a simmer for 30 minutes. It will thicken slightly and will thicken more as it cools. Make a day in advance or several days in advance to allow flavors to meld.
From the Shirazites:
I can't believe we are in May already, can you? Where has the time gone? Summer is coming up and so is my birthday and I'm really looking forward to start wearing Summer clothes again. Its still pretty cold here and its actually snowing today, crazy, huh?
“Defaulting on our obligations is a reckless and irresponsible outcome to this debate,” Obama said. “And Republican leaders say that they agree we must avoid default. But the new approach that Speaker Boehner unveiled today, which would temporarily extend the debt ceiling in exchange for spending cuts, would force us to once again face the threat of default just six months from now. In other words, it doesn’t solve the problem.”
He also says some very funny things, mostly unintentionally. The other day after playgroup he said he had told ‘laundry’ something. What he meant was that he had told Audrey, a girl in the playgroup class. We all had a good laugh at that one.
These people hate the society which mollycoddles them. It's that very mollycoddling that engenders the lack of respect. Muslims hate weakness - and so should we. Any sign of weakness from kuffar society, whether institutionalised political correctness, sharia law through the back door or state benefits, and Muslims jump on it. That’s why they often resort to outright terrorism because Western states have always one arm tied behind their backs when it comes to dealing with Islamoterrorists, whether that is the legal restrictions which emanate from Europe, or the tellings-off from Shami Chakrabarti’s Liberty.
All paid for by donations from Campingites in general—and Apprentice Prophets in particular. Such as Robert Fitzpatrick and Adrienne Martinez (from Christianpost.com) :
“I love you,” he said as I walked away. “God Bless You!”
I think it is that you better get selling these things because the volume of money shifting to these assets is growing at very high levels. This is a momentum style marketing message if I ever saw one.
First, read this story in the Inquirer (which they picked up from the Harrisburg Patriot-News). It's about prices at the State Stores vs. prices in private stores in border states. Here's a sample:
Fear, however, is not the full story. I believe that though church authorities might be instilling fear through their actions, there is another reality present in these situations. I believe that when fear is present, God is calling us to courage. Though it may seem that the LCWR has few options at this juncture (see the posting about canon law guiding this case), they do, in fact, have the option to respond courageously, relying on God’s power instead of the power of human beings–themselves or their oppressors.
I liked also how Craig created Lacy and Chase’s character. Lacy was a broken down women but there was passion still there only hidden. Chase was going to bring it out. Craig created her characters to have humor and wit in a not so funny situation.
Her assessment of Smith is right on the nail. He works as an actuary for an insurance firm in London. He’s twenty-seven, a popular age to die, although John Keats, whose poetry and philosophy of life features, was only twenty-five. In chapter ten Cate gets to see Alice deliver a lecture on Keats, albeit one on film as she has been suspended from actual teaching duties. The talk ends with…
Matilda convinced herself that aging is the realization that another day gone is one less day to live. One less day chipped from a calender with few pages remaining as the last years are torn away leaving nothing but time to focus on all that should have been. For Mattie, the passing of her remaining days was nothing more then a reminder that she had gotten it all so wrong and a life time of regret had imprisoned her heart. If only she'd left her seat in the middle of a bus ride so many years ago rather than given in to cowardice. Back when her flesh pulled tight across strong bones and her eyes saw the world without a dim haze spread across her vision by the cruel hand of time she believed all of time would give her the chance to get it right. Mattie didn't need to have the eyes of a young woman to see that youth is blinded by the comfort of too many days and she wished with all of her days left on the calender that she could go back and get it right. Dearest Greta with the coy smile of a devil and eyes like waters stirred in violent passion of a storm. A doorway to memory cracks open a little wider as a long gone perfume teases like a ghost from some place close but never near enough but enough of a reminder that instead of the sleeping pretty boy beside her it should have always been her beautiful Greta in the middle of the bus every
so far, every motorcycle I've seen?
and traditional touches such as molding and etc.
to devour
Anyway, there you have it, an update on the boy. Who would have thought he would be my first college student?
I woke up to the husband making pancakes (from Bisquick, which are my favorites.) Rich cooks three things, steaks, pancakes and lately, a decent omelette. The pancakes and steaks are my favorites, and right now he is out there getting the grill ready for steaks, so double win for me today on the food front.
Some important takeaways from the research:
But there's a difference. That was an early variant of what later became full-fledged birtherism. The varieties of birtherism include the belief that Obama is secretly Muslim, along with the belief that he wasn't born in America. But the establishment right has always seen birtherism as somewhat toxic -- officially, any Republican or right-winger who expects to be taken seriously has to at least pay lip service to the notion that birtherism and its variants are beyond the pale.
Henk Westbroek Waar ze loopt te wandelen NL
Reading, listening to music, doing the ironing whilst watching (these days) interesting programmes on Sky Arts 1 or 2 (I know they're Murdoch-run, but they're really good) and running.
‘Contracts Finder is a free new service for businesses, central government buyers and the public. It is now the main source of government procurement opportunities with a value greater than £10,000. People can also use Contracts Finder to access and search for closed tender and contract documentation published by central government departments and agencies. Contracts Finder is accessible from the Business Link website, enabling users to easily click through to guidance on public sector procurement, as well as wider business support information and resources.’
We had a very strict president named Bernice Bermillio. When we had idle time between classes, she would go to the blackboard and list down the noisy girls and the quiet girls. I was a good kid, so I was usually part of the quiet girls, but my good behavior wasn’t enough for Bernice Bermillio. I swear she would put anyone in the noisy girls list if that person moved a single muscle. Were muscle movements too noisy for her? We weren’t allowed to do anything except sit there and read a book. One day my classmate Jasmine (yes we were both named Jasmine) really wanted to play tic tac toe. I brought a big book, and we pretended that we were reading it. Behind the book, we were playing tic tac toe. It worked for a while, but Bernice discovered our secret rebellion.
Ian Ayre has set the cat amongst the pigeons with his recent comment about Liverpool Football negotiating their own overseas TV rights. He probably didn’t even think about the amount of vitriol that would be heading his way when he declared that to the Guardian that “Personally I think the game-changer is going out and recognising our brand globally. Maybe the path will be individual TV rights like they do in Spain”
On Monday I went to Ann Arbor for a doctor appointment so on my way home I had to make sure I stopped at Treasure Mart-I LOVE that place! The parking stinks, but I usually end up with treasures. This is what came home with me...
5. WHAT’S YOUR FAVORITE SONG YOU CREATED?
Another cloudy morning as I headed out early to finish chores and get to market on time.
Moore’s works clearly aren’t intended for everyone, and though one might argue his recent films (Fahrenheit 9/11) don’t hit the right mark, what can’t be denied are the valuable points made here. It’s incredible that even with the film having been released nearly a decade ago, we still have the same problems going on. And like a proper documentary, the analysis we get throughout most of the film isn’t the (only) final point made. Yet what’s best is that Bowling for Columbine doesn’t try to force its own ideas, but rather leaves the audience wondering what to think and do after watching. The topic being discussed is more important than the filmmaker’s own views or personal thoughts.
These headers aren't forever options. I did them tonight in 20 minutes and I'm not a graphic designer! Something temporary until I find someone new. I know the first one doesn't have Match in it, but it does have cool pictures of my four favorite things. I can still put Match back in. Is the second one too girly? Oh, and a shout out to Missy Heid for the photograph of us. She's a really wonderful photographer and captures all those perfect moments.
Thursday, Aug. 9
Cannes
Rummage: A confusion of miscellaneous articles.
3-4 tablespoons chopped fresh coriander
This is done with due cognisance to micro and macro-economic climate; availability of necessary skills; desirability and overall anticipated impact on the longevity of the going concern.
Constable Artem “James” OCHAKOVSKY was a two-year veteran of Peel Regional Police. He had been assigned to the Uniform Bureau at 21 Division, where he operated in a patrol function in the City of Brampton. He is survived by his wife and 3 year-old son.
Our great hopes of meeting Emily in Fremantle were dashed when she phoned from onboard her ship at 9pm to say it would be another 1/2 hour before she was on land and we had to head to the airport in Perth by then..phooey.
(where I was...DOH!)
Stockings were always a huge deal at my house. They were the first thing we went for; even before the (usually large and beguiling) Santa present under the tree, we dove into the stockings. Each present inside was individually wrapped (it's since dawned on me that this was to buy my parents more time to drink their coffee and wake up a bit more. Clever parents).
TMZ’s Twitter feed alerted me of the news of NFL legend Junior Seau today.
Good morning! What do you have planned for your Sunday? I have to vacuum today, and do the grocery shopping, yuck, lol. Why can't grocery shopping be as much fun as clothes shopping? hahaha. Oh well, it has to be done and it is great when you've got a fully stocked fridge and panrty ready for the week.
$ 10
And old stuff that still needs doing!
Later, under the 10th Guru, the Sikhs organised a trained fighting force to defend their independence from the Muslims. Still later, the guru, Tegh Bahadur, was executed in 1675 for refusing to convert to Islam. Then Gobind Singh formed the Khalsa Sikh community in 1699. This was a disciplined community which combined Sikhism with military and political organisation.
Here is the link the Zenfolio page.
Had a request about what I think about All Star Western. I'm not wanting to go into a detailed review of the books because I haven't completed the 70 issue run of Jonah Hex by Palmiotti and Gray, but I think I can write down my thoughts on the series thus far.
"Race differences show up by 3 years of age, even after matching on maternal education and other variables," said Rushton. "Therefore they cannot be due to poor education since this has not yet begun to exert an effect. That's why Jensen and I looked at the genetic hypothesis in detail. We examined 10 categories of evidence."
Natural Suburbia: Who or what is your inspiration?
Mom was in a drug induced haze after that. She remembered snippets of things... being unloaded from the chopper... flashes of the Cardiac Cath-Lab... the Cardiac ICU with no familiar faces around... and then seeing my dad (who had driven the five hours from Lake Powell to Provo, where she was taken).... and then my dad walking in the room again, followed by me. My Dad had called me Friday afternoon at about 1:00 to tell me what was going on and that Mom was in a helicopter on her way to Provo. I called Taylor and Lacy, my siblings, and then Dustin. Dustin could tell I was rather shaken and suggested that I call my friend Rebby. Rebby offered to watch my baby Brynja and pick up my kids from their bus stop. I took her up on the offer and was on the road by about 2:30.
“You’ve got to find what you love. And that is as true for your work as it is for your lovers … Keep looking. Don’t settle.”
1930-1998
However, Tretvoll refused to publish my reply, although he admitted that I had stayed within the normal limits for such a reply, and couldn’t find any factual errors in what I wrote. The problem is that I had dared to utter some critical comments about leading Labor Party figures.
Upon the drifting of the tide.”
And even though my novels are pretty dark at times, where's the ebooks for the bubble gum crowd? Not everyone likes darkness. Sit down at your keyboard and write something cute! NOW! (*disclaimer* - I wrote this post earlier in the week before the other A2A girls mentioned the same thing. I'm seeing a trend here...)
Audience: woot
South Carolina 21-Jan 25 2 0 23 0
It’s all the everyday things we leave out that make it real.
“It is the government’s hope that the reduction in the petrol and diesel price will help ease the burden of consumers and reduce the inflationary pressure, especially on the low- and middle-income earners. The decision is also based on the current economic development,” the prime minister said.
The former. Even if a story is slated to have a sequel, I need some closure at the end of Part One. I mean (**“Pirates of the Caribbean” spoilers!**), what would have happened it all the people involved in the films died before they had a chance to finish “At World’s End”? Where would that have left us? Wailing because Captain Jack Sparrow’s been swallowed by the Kraken, Captain Barbossa’s suddenly alive again, Beckett has Davy Jones’ heart, Will and Elizabeth can’t look each other in the eye, THE END. Just, The End.
Will you join me and walk with Him?
Because the rest of the Y chromosome is assumed to not recombine with the X, Skaletsky et al. (2003) call the majority of the Y the male-specific region of the Y, or MSY. We will see later how the Y chromosome and recombination is actually much more complicated!
We need to know where we truly are and accept that before we can move the education system forward.
My spirituality is closely tied into to the realization that all life is of equal worth, that the Earth/Nature is sacred, and that humans are animals, and like all animals, we belong in functioning living communities. Sometimes I use the term animist to refer to my spiritual beliefs.
Since I am not able to use Screenflow (this software is only available on my work laptop) anymore to edit my video and audio material, I have to solely rely on Apple’s iMovie. After watching a couple of tutorials and playing around with the basic functionality I discovered how to make trailers with this software.
At the sweet old(er) age of 37, I have learned a lot of things about finding a career that works for you. When i was a kid growing up, there were not many avenues for those of us that fall under the category of “creative” without having it be within the conventions of any job with a degree. I took classes in high school that were aimed towards college prep. Nobody ever gave me the option of anything else. If i wanted a creative job outside of a college degree, i should go to beauty school. If i am a guy, i go to a trade school or start working in labor.
Men’s Fashion – Cashmere Scarf
“This is literally at your fingertips,” she says. “What people are talking about what people are interested in.” Catering to community interest promotes relevance in a broadcast. “The only way we can make ourselves better is if we’re open to others’ opinions,” says Watts.
to cross an invisible street
For shoppers who cannot afford organic food, which often is more expensive, Cook says the lists offer alternatives. Can’t find organic apples? Buy pineapples, the top fruit on the clean list, or avocados or mangoes.
Lately I see personality traits of my mother bubbling to the surface of my psyche. For example, like my mother, I enjoy waiting for the perfect moment to enjoy a treat. If presented a gift of fine tea or a small box of chocolates, I wait for a quiet pause to savor the experience.
spelt/hemp/sprouted fenugreek/honey smoothies… happy chickens and bouncing bunnies assist us to make peace with the animal worlds… local fish willingly provide fresh fish… actually the entire animal/wing/elemental realms are very excited about this camp and willingly provide it with local gifts… drinking water is mixed with special fine clay/earth from the area that has been
ardent love is as unrelenting as Sheol.
Once we arrived and saw the sun rising, I grudgingly admitted it was a good idea, after all. But I was still very concerned about my physical ability to make the climb – 3291 feet elevation, of which, one mile was pure boulder hopping.
Things I've learned about Texas thus far:
8. Good Design is Thorough, Down to the Last Detail
I’m also pleased to report that my novella is coming along well. I’m feeling motivated to keep writing almost everyday. And it’s entirely likely that keeping up the almost daily writing is what’s making me motivated. One of those delicious circles (or a “fish circle” as my kiddos would say *shakes head*…don’t ask me what it means), I guess. Wherever it’s coming from, I’m going to keep at it.
Scriptural references aside, it reminded me of the case study I learned in my Social Psychology class about the Bystander Effect. (If you are really, really interested in hearing about this, you can look here: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bystander_effect. Wikipedia isn't really a scholarly reference, but you'll get the idea).
15g ground cardamom
When I was in high school, I failed my ever-important, adult-initiating, status-boosting driver’s license test. I was devastated.
Cover - Kid Kong using free gift 'plate wobbler' art Robert Nixon
And now for our Top Three in no particular order
Tonik
Sid Garner: Now remember, what happens in Vegas stays, in Vegas… Except herpes, that shit will come back with you.
Flea circuses.
The first thing you need to know is that it’s okay to be yourself. Never, under any circumstances, lose who you are to make friends.
"Shamon Greenfingers...eeehhheeee!!
I know but that's what they said and they said it as if they knew it was fact LOL
At Mosholu Golf Course, par 32
‘Bertie Ahern,’ Cass murmurs, handing across the spliff.
I get to name ten things that make me happy and I decided to pass it along to ten other bloggers.
Serves 6-8 easily
I have learned much this year. I learned the importance of importance. If there is nothing of importance in your life, you have to find something and make it important. I learned the importance of goals, even if it’s only the goal of getting through one more day. I learned the importance of hope, though hope for what I still don’t know, but that is part of the journey – building hopes, creating dreams, finding reasons to live.
These were old advertising friends, people I worked with from 1990 to 1995 when I was plying the well-lit, well-designed, hall-of-fame hallways of the now defunct Ally & Gargano.
Tetapo Nakara says it hopes to fully establish the area as a protected zone by the end of the year. The minister expects that the site will attract many tourists. The Phoenix Islands Protected Area (PIPA) will consist of underwater mountains, coral reefs and more than 520 species of fish. PIPA conserves one of the Earth’s last intact oceanic coral archipelago ecosystems, consisting of eight coral atolls and two submerged reef systems in a nearly uninhabited region of abundant marine and bird life.
I'm super excited about Närcon! Will be going in 6%dokidoki one day and the rest probably AP or maybe AATP :D
As for the rest, direct advices from Sable island reported that weather conditions were bad for transmission and that only faint communication was had with the ship, it being barely within range. It was .thought, too, that the wireless operator on the Carpathia had become fatigued from his long siege at the key .and that he was resting, preparing for the transmission of messages when the ship comes into communication with stations on the American coast.
The indigenous, native, population of Britain are the ones not protected by the race relations act, they are the ones who Greer and others have built entire careers on calling racists. The indigenous population are the ones who any other ethnic group can beat to a pulp whilst phoning three car loads of cousins as reinforcements, after which the police will say “Hate crime? what hate crime?”. They are the people who can be murdered by thugs who shout “That will teach a white man to interfere in our business” but who's killers are not charged with a racially aggravated crime.
02 Avenue Of Trees
pinned together with a huge obsidian spear point shows
This fasting and abstaining business is really harder than it seems, especially if you're giving up things that make you feel good inside. After all, Jesus gave up his life for the salvation of mankind, right? What can a bottle (or 200) of soda do to me but give me better health and more resources to share with less-fortunate brothers and sisters.
When interviewed, ACO sports manager Vincent Beaumesnil responded with the following statement:
I ask him how he can have sex with me when it makes cry.
Before I get into the past week’s training, I wanted to give you a few word about support. Throughout my training for this marathon, I have had incredible support from my friends and family. In particular, none of what I am doing would even be possible without my wife, Megan. Megan has supported me in so many untold ways, I cannot even begin to count them. From taking on extra morning duties with our toddler while I train, to driving me out along the course to run to the finish, to having food ready for me when I’m done running. For everything she does, I am grateful and humbled at her strength.
with a jerk, the twisting
P.S. I just had an ephinany that there is a direct correlation between my depression level and my ability to figure out what to cook for dinner. Weird how stuff manifests.
Perhaps if we all still dreamed of being superheros…
all times and places.
Finally, I also have serious ethical issues with the company. Aside from how quickly they threw their agency under the bus after the Super Bowl ad debacle, it turns out there has been a lot of insider selling going on. The owners have taken out $870 million so far from the $1 billion they raised. Odd given that the company lost $150 million last quarter and needs lots of cash to compete and stay ahead of its rapidly growing list of competitors. (Read the article @Business Insider)
a petal falls
This week your baby weighs a little over 4 pounds (heft a pineapple) and has passed the 17-inch mark. He's rapidly losing that wrinkled, alien look and his skeleton is hardening. The bones in his skull aren't fused together, which allows them to move and slightly overlap, thus making it easier for him to fit through the birth canal. (The pressure on the head during birth is so intense that many babies are born with a conehead-like appearance.) These bones don't entirely fuse until early adulthood, so they can grow as his brain and other tissue expands during infancy and childhood.
i love being in control.
Until I found ‘me’ waiting under the old Tree.
I’m not really sure when the fire had waned. Years ago, Montreal trips were something we would do at least twice a year – even before I met Junkii. They were a source of anxious anticipation. But, gradually we grew tired of always going to the same venues (*ahem*, strip clubs) and hanging around the same places (*ahem*, Gay Village) – and so we started to drift away from the city. Seems like a more measured approach might have been to visit other communities, but there you have it.
4. Lastly, I can now add, if you 'like' me on facebook you will receive another entry
We splurged and got several pounds of ground beef, some summer sausage, and two packages of filets.
What I have absolutely no doubt over is the fact that anyone reading chronologically the last 8 months of this blog will come to the conclusion that there are many many unanswered questions that need answering and that my opinions are very valid. I would even go as far as to say that many people would agree with me although it’s a taboo subject amongst many concerning something of this magnitude.
So was it a golden age? To us, looking back from our own time, it may seem so. But an age never seems golden when its the present, only when it becomes the past.
1. Brian McGarvey (PR) 42; 2. Kevin Deegan (PR) 44; 3. Ciaran Hennessey (PR) 45; 4. Gary Healy (PR) 48; 5. Conor Campbell (PR) 50; 6. Andre Orate (ER) 54; 7. Tom McMillen (ER) 55; 8. Abe Eugene (ER) 58; 9. Jeff Celestin (ER) 62; 10. Brian Tambo-Chuqui (ER) 64.
Q: Don't you feel guilty letting your husband bring home all the money?
‘Blessed is the fruit of thy womb’ is the blessing that comes to the Bride of Christ Church. This church is the fruit of the union of Jesus with those who live from Him. The Bride of Christ Church does not start from the development of new forms of church. It does not start from the church at all. It arises from Jesus among those who eat Jesus. Those who eat Jesus live because of Him. Their life is the manifestation of His life. Those who are one with Him by the Spirit birth His new creation into the world. They are the extension of His life.
The interaction between my daughter and grandson had me thinking about the people we support who have limited or no verbal skills. When I worked as a direct support staff there was this lady I supported who stuttered when she talked. She spent her day walking up and down the hallways of the facility. She was very outgoing and loved to talk to anyone who would listen to her.
After things fall apart and you are left picking up the pieces it is hard to determine which pieces are yours and which are someone else's. (Taking this personality test reminded me who I am.) Some of the pieces are infused together and those are building blocks of experience that you take with you. Kiss them gently, attach love to them, cleanse with tears and place gently in your growing garden of knowledge.
Now the term "Army Brat" is not derogatory, it refers to a person who grew up in a military environment and amongst soldiers and usually matures much faster and become very independent much earlier in life. In short they grow up into tough cookies. I love them.
When ready to roll, heat enough oil in a pan. Keep the fire on medium heat and wait for it to reach the right temperature.
Peter Luger use a rub? I think not. Select steaks at least 1 ½ inches
“I am a self taught artist. I have always drawn pictures and loved making things since I was a kid. I just never stopped. It’s pretty cool to be a `grown up` and still be able to just play and mess around making stuff. I have kids of my own now and they are a constant source of inspiration and its fun being able to connect with your kids making things and constantly creating. I don`t work in any specific medium. I think my lack of a formal education makes me endlessly curious about what you can use to make art.”
I do wish others would show the same respect. Although this is a minor illness, my daughter has had more than enough time off school this year, her asthma has flared up several times necessitating two weeks off and missed days here and there. A lot of illness are potentially quite dangerous for her, and while I do as much as I can to protect her, I cannot wrap her in cotton wool. She has got to learn to live in this world, to look after and protect herself too. But I believe that others owe that same care too, they are all aware of her illness. I suppose if I too had the pressures of a job to hold down I might feel differently.
Pickering recites MacKaye’s original writings and delivers the track ranging from a whispered inquiry to a raging accusation. “Suggestion’s” power and versatility was also demonstrated in 1988 at a show in Washington, mere days after a violent skinhead, white power demonstration had abused and assaulted members of the gay community in the same town. Mackaye performed and dedicated this song, usually about the victimization of women at the hands and eyes of men, and turned the tune into a song about homosexuals being attacked in the park at night (Tyler-Ameen, 2011).
The tannins were wonderfully fine, almost smooth, just giving a hint of structure and bitterness that vies with the gorgeous fruit and leave a lovely trace of chalkiness on the finish.
I have been thinking about doing a blog make over. I have had this one for two years and never had a change. I do not know why I am so worried about actually doing it. I seem to have the hardest time picking out a new blog look. I think it also could be the money part.If I do a new blog and I do not like the look or theme I do not know how to fix it..
And what if they are not taking action? Sigh…
"My dream chairs are Tolix chairs, mostly because they are indestructible with kids and I like the industrial mixed with the farmhouse table. Our Windsor chairs turned out beautiful but they do require some maintenance like paint touch-ups and regular dusting between the spindles. If I’m ever able to get Tolix chairs I will probably make new chair pad covers and recover this bench with a my own laminated fabric. This company will laminate up to 10 yards of fabric for $75. When I spoke to the owner he said that Premier Prints fabrics turn out really well in the lamination process, just FYI.
There's a hot new coupon available for $3 off ANY purchase at Staples (in-store)! If you are planning a purchase, use this coupon. If not, stop by Staples and pick up some free tape, paper, or other office items!
It took me awhile, but I figured out the reason I have been sleeping so much is due to pain.
to celebrate our new challenge blog:) - this can be anything from new baby, birthday, wedding, the possibilities are endless.
What you discover about yourself and or someone else may change your life in an instant and forever…
“Now I’m more experienced at countryside dating, I take full advantage of all the opportunities there are to meet men.”
“Look, the NDIS is a very worthy scheme but it sounds to me like the dying days of a government when they make big heroic announcements about massive programs and they won’t tell you how they’re going to pay for it,” Mr Hockey said.
This film is a dark satire on 1980s American capitalism in how the desire for wealth dominates everyone’s lives, and how it dwarfs their sense of humanity and morality. Most of the characters are so full of themselves that they can barely tell one person apart from another, or at least, don’t place enough worth on anyone else to care. Mistaken identities are abound in the film, which is an allegory to how Bateman has no real sense of self. Everything in the film reflects upon that since it is all told from his perspective. With Christian Bale being a Welshman, I’m sure that allowed him to bring an original perspective towards the satirical subject matter and Bateman himself.
We made record bowls. It’s such an easy and cheap and useful project and the kids love it. I do the oven part and then they press the inner bowls to shape, let cool and paint. We made 6 of them and I let the kids take theirs home and I have three for our up-coming craft show.
When I been thinking “Poor me”
When I got closer, the legs came into clearer focus. Poking out of the long beige pants were a pair of avocado green shoes. Odd, I thought, those colors don’t really coordinate very well.
When I get my camera working today, I will post a picture. It was the sweetest in the world and it reached me on a day I needed it the most. So stay tuned for a picture of a gift from Leslie. THANK YOU LESLIE!!!!
Fun:)
23 “And then I will declare to them, ‘I never knew you; DEPART FROM ME, YOU WHO PRACTICE LAWLESSNESS.’ (Matthew 7)
NTP-CERHR Expert Panel report on the reproductive and developmental toxicity of ethylene glycol. Reprod Toxicol 2004; 18: 533-579.
Old lecher, it’s time for you to the grave, not to the games and amusements of youth.
Tell us about the book.
Holy day, love be
The severance payment is paid over a two year period.
We were inspired by a lot of things, but needed to keep a similar theme to the Lacquer White and Walnut of the Crib, and so that is where we started.
I must suffer if I lose it, give account if I abuse it….”
I started with a base of River Rock, layered with Black and the White card. The white layer has been embossed with the Devine Swirl embossing folder and my cuttlebug. Then I cut a piece of Ginger Blossom DSP to cover the bottom of the white panel and tied some wide black organdy ribbon around it. The lighthouse has been stamped in River Rock and the sentiment (from the same set) stamped over it in black. It has been cut out with square nestabilities and embossed the edge and matted on a very thin layer of RR and then the black scalloped layer. I've finished off with a gold swirl clip tied with some RR grosgrain ribbon.
8. Look to non-traditional grant programs—beyond DOJ and DHS—that can fund your program.
In the Covandonga flood.
The Mallards, Dapper and Fluff
80. Home For the Holidays (Holly Hunter) – Dysfunction at its’ best.
Other than some annoying girls at the start of the path (aside: why do some people think it's hilarious to mock runners?) it was lovely. The woods surrounding the path are so lush and green right now and I saw deer both on the way out and on the way back. On the way back I stopped and took the photo above.
New York City’s Like A Graveyard – Moldy Peaches
I noticed that a guy kept smiling at me from the next table, so I started smiling back (I just learned last week that this is referred to as “eye fucking.” I’ve been told I need to practice). He finally started talking to me, and I gave him my number at the end of the night. He called me in the parking lot before I had even gotten into the car. Is that cute, or creepy? I need help deciphering these things.
This time around, I did the research before submission, rather than after acceptance. Some writers recommended Samhain Publishing for speculative fiction with romantic elements, and there are independently compiled sales stats and royalty figures on Samhain and other romance e-publishers at Show Me The Money and EREC.
8. Aid to Haiti: “The best thing about 2010 was the American peoples’ ability to come up with high standards for helping people—like in Haiti.” -Globe AZ, Shell Gas Station
and didn't wake up. What could be simpler?
"The brewing community has been really supportive," adds Greg. "Craft breweries have enjoyed a lot of success lately, and have been great about giving back to the community." Santa Rosa's BBQ Spot will be serving food while The Nate Lopez Trio will provide the music.
So I'm definitely to the point where there's no mistaking my "condition" (I love that euphemism), which is pretty fun for me. I've graduated from that 'is she pregnant or is she just packing it on' phase, and you wouldn't believe how many perfect strangers want to talk to me about being pregnant. I've also been fortunate enough SO FAR to not have anyone make stupid, insensitive remarks (I'm bracing myself for the day that that happens...and I know it will). People generally are just really excited about pregnant women and want to talk to you. I like that.
Yeah, yeah, that’s my toon. One of them, anyway. I’ve also been playing around with a veterinarian alt a little.
What other lumpy goods can you think of in this context?
*Projects featured on Challenge blog every other week
But that's complicated.
Not many can purchase a brand new headboard for under $100 plus I wanted more than just a headboard... I want the whole room done! So I'm going for the full meal deal... I'm gonna give my WHOLE BEDROOM a new look for under $100 even though the sponsored part of this challenge is really about the bed. Can I do it? We shall see. :)
And now I am.
“Jake Shimabukuro, who is making a name for himself by playing the ukulele in ways never imagined before, will appear at 7 p.m. Sunday, March 11, in the Carlsen Center’s Yardley Hall at Johnson County Community College.
The lesson here is that the press are out to get us, creeping into our demos in the hope some one will say something to be used against us. If you don't know the guy standing next to you at a demo, watch your tongue. Don't say anything that can be used against EDL.
I’ve walked through the land of cancer with a lot people over more than thirty years of ministry, and some of them were real fighters. But I’m not sure I’ve ever seen anyone fight cancer with the courage, faith, and ferocity of Ralph Brewer. On his last doctor’s visit, the doctor said, “Ralph, we can’t give you anymore treatments. We all agree it will make things worse instead of better. It’s like trying to knock down a concrete wall with a baseball bat.” Ralph looked at the doctor and said, “You’d be surprised what I can knock down with a baseball bat.” And they gave him one more treatment. Ralph was one tough fighter. The colorful evangelist Billy Sunday once said this about sin: “I’m against sin. I’ll kick it as long as I have a foot. I’ll fight it as long as I have a fist. I’ll butt it as long as I have a head. I’ll bite it as long as I’ve got a tooth. And when I’m old and fistless and footless and toothless, I’ll gum it till I go home to Glory and it goes home to perdition.” That’s the way Ralph fought cancer. And when Ralph breathed his last on Saturday morning, I don’t know who was more exhausted: Ralph or his cancer.
much more than strings
(JAC: Wikipedia says:
a couple of handfuls of almond slivers
What conditions may be linked to oral health?
Turn off the simmering water...But leave it sitting there to melt the peanut butter and margarine...
Then we installed pocketless pocket doors which were about $18 a piece (check out our creative install solution here). And last but not least we primed and painted the wood paneled bookcase a semi gloss white. Which really made the biggest difference.
We need to organise teams of volunteer diggers to help elderly or infirm folk complete the last yards to their homes. It’s time to dig again for victory folks. Please can each village’s broadband champion in Leith-Lyvennet area put the word out that we need digger teams? The old adage is true, many hands do make light work! In this case the infrared light that will work for us in wonderous ways bringing the world to us and us to the world!
**Sidenote. I will consistently flip the channels and say "ohmygodthis is so annoying, let's watch - DON"T TURN IT!!" or "oh geeezz this dude drivesmeCRAZYpleasedon't turn, I want to watch!!". Half the time, I'm watching because I'm annoyed or fascinated- am I the only one??
You’ll have to buy the book to see what happens next, but, it’s so soft it’s like a whisper.
Deschutes first released Black Butte Porter in 1988, and although it is one of the rare breweries to have actually achieved brand recognition beyond a single product, this tasty porter could be considered the flagship.
I choked. I’d forgotten Gavriel would be attending the lecture this year, since he’d become an intern. Even if he’d seen me, he wouldn’t tell, would he? I would hack into the system and fail him in every single one of his classes if he did.
He said if the head of an organ of state came across wrongdoing and the information was classified, they would be obliged to declassify that information.
6. Wipe clean of dust
I need enough faith to stand back up when I am pushed to the ground…
1 Yellow highlights indicate items being provided by contractors and not yet available.
Ad agencies don't know what they believe.
Prosecutors, who have fiercely opposed the law since it was passed in 2009, criticized the Michigan State researchers’ methodology, but, more pointedly, they said that jury selection was a “complex discretionary system,” with thousands of possible reasons to remove a potential juror. To assume that race was the motive behind many of these decisions, prosecutors said, was not only wrong, but offensive.
My contact Information:
34 when
Another month closer to warmer weather! I really shouldn't complain, as our winter hasn't been nearly as cold and terrible as it usually is, but still a bit of early spring would be nice. I didn't have too many new faves this month, but I did try to use up a few older items to make way for new ones I'm itching to get to.
The Thai government is there to protect its own people, yet has been under the burden of housing millions of refugees on all borders in the past century, with refugees coming from Laos, Cambodia, and Burma as a result of many Indochinese conflicts. At this point, it is possible that while still wanting to respect human rights, Thailand has become weary of its humanitarian burden and is ready to protect the “Thainess” of its culture from refugees, and at the same time protecting its own relations with the Burmese government from the necessarily politicized environment of the camps, where there are many refugees who have or are still involved in militant activities against the Burmese government. Thailand would be looking out for its own security and protecting itself from the invasion of Burmese, just as they had to in the past. Thailand and Burma’s unsteady history creates a basis for this fear of invasion.
Which is very, very hard. This is not an easy game, no matter how bad-ass Dr. Grant might be. Certain levels come with a time limit, and one or two in particular as so closely timed that taking a wrong turn anywhere in the level, or taking more than one hit, or missing one shot at the T-rex with your rocket launcher while running away from it like the Arnold Schwarzeneger version of a frightened schoolgirl, will result in a failure.
That being said, as you watch this, may you consider it advise not in what is necessary to forgive another for their wrong doing, but to forgive oneself for one’s own errors of being. Of course that being said, if you do find that you may wish to correct something about yourself so that you never harm another in such a way again, remember to have a little compassion for yourself, afterall, their was a reason you were mistaken in your approach to begin with, even if now it is time to grow up and out of the past that had created you accordingly.
Hiring inexperienced firefighters was problematic because being stationed at the airport meant they did not have to respond to many emergencies and so did not gain much experience, he said.
Lawyers for Mr. Ashcroft’s firm said all the problematic accounts had been excised, even though it meant losing nearly $30 million a year in interest and fees. “As current and potential problems have been uncovered, he has not hesitated to act,” Mr. Ashcroft said of his client.
We played a game that Alex got last Christmas. Cranium Duck Duck 1.2.3. It is a cute simple counting game where the object is to help the mommy duck make her way around the board to pick up all her baby ducklings.
Principal- Thanks. I win.
Nina is usually a brand you can rely on for well priced evening shoes that do their best to look classy, elegant and event appropriate.
If only you’ll give me
Remember when you're talkin' to the man upstairs
Means nothing
Superman soon became one of the best-known characters in the world, but Siegel and Shuster received no royalties or benefits from their creation. Unable to support themselves with their comic, they took other jobs; by the 1970s, Siegel was working as a mail clerk. In 1975 a lawsuit they filed against DC Comics was settled in their favor, giving Siegel and Shuster both money—$20,000 a year each for the rest of their lives—and credit. Now the phrase “Superman created by Jerry Siegel and Joe Shuster” appears on all Superman-related products.
If you have a larger greeting you want to use, sketch your own sign around it after stamping.
I not only promised forever, I promised my forever to a stranger who was kicking me and elbowing me from inside my body AND I did it without even considering just how unconditional and permanent this love would be.
home in you,
So, how does this system, which Darwin glossed over as a simple structure, actually work? How do the cells in the eye’s retinal layer perceive the light rays that fall on them?
In fact, last night when he told me about his new girlfriend, I almost felt sorry that he is limited to a relationship right now. Now, this is in no way a knock at his new girlfriend. From what he tells me she is a kind person and they have a lot in common and that’s all I can ask for. I just kind of feel like so many people get into long-term relationships when they don’t know who they truly are and what they want (I am 100% guilty of this). I am not saying that he doesn’t know who he is, but I do know that he his going to do great things in this world and I really don’t want him limiting himself for someone else. It is amazing the things you can do when you’re on your own and have no-one else to rely on.
You know not to stop walking when someone asks you what time it is. You know that this is a common set-up for a mugging.
Barnes & Noble
It was my friend's birthday yesterday! Birthdays are so fun :) I called her to wish her a "Happy Birthday Boo!" and while we were chatting she told me about a blog they had started. Its called, Rack Love! These two do everything on their bike, as they should since Amber works for Specialized and makes these amazing bikes! Check out some of my favorite things they have done or carried on their bikes recently:
5) My Friends.
My religious beliefs are for me to live by, not for me to tell others how to live. If you ask me for my opinion I will, respectfully, in love, give it to you. I will not tolerate you shoving your beliefs down my throat, nor will I force mine on you.
Judging by the reaction to his move they clearly don’t deserve such a master plying his trade in the Girabola league: “Rivaldo’s hiring by Kabuscorp – which is a very modest club in Angola – has not attracted as much enthusiasm as you might expect.”
“Yes, there were Jewish Chekists, but if you don’t hold the German people collectively responsible for the SS, why hold the Jews collectively responsible for the Chekists?” Interestingly enough, the World Jewish Council, backed by the power of the US gov’t, do hold Germans collectively responsible. By the year 2020 the payoff will total 100 billion marks. It is based on the premise that the German nation, including even the Germans who grew up since 1945, is collectively guilty of terrible crimes, contrary to the democratic notion of individual responsibility for crime.
Chinua Achebe, one of my favourite writers, has said it is the writer's duty ‘to explore in depth the human condition.’ I like to think this is something I have brought to my own novel, A Cupboard Full of Coats, a story about the transgenerational impact of domestic violence. In my opinion, if a story does nothing for every reader, if there is no gain to be had from the reading, no lesson gleaned or learned, no preconception challenged or shifted, I can hardly see the point in the writing at all. Uwem Akpan understands this, and his collection of short stories, Say You’re One of Them, is at once one of the most powerful, challenging, perception-changing books I have ever read.
A fool sees not the same tree that a wise man sees.
My Best Enemy is released on DVD in the UK on 12th September 2011.
A dance party with no alcohol, fun music, a loving atmosphere and most of all- ME! Just kidding, slightly… but I’m not that conceited.
her late husband to the pulse
There are few things more convincing to a jury than scientific evidence presented by expert witnesses called by the state in a criminal case. Sometimes, however, the so-called science used by prosecutors isn't science at all.
8) I love to sing, but usually I totally suck at it. When I win the Lottery, I am going to take voice lessons.
Before you tell me, Your children are going to grow up not knowing that hitting is wrong... I assure you, they already know it is wrong. Even now, at such young ages, never having been punished, never having been forced to say sorry, both of my kids will freely and genuinely apologize to one another after an altercation. It is a beautiful thing.
I had two snack meals while out shopping. When I got home, I was ready to order a pizza or hit a drive through, but instead Kaitlyn and I grabbed Snack Factory Pretzel Crisps and some Sabra Spinach & Artichoke and Roasted Red Pepper Humus. By telling Sophie and Avery that it was spinach dip, they ate some of it and actually liked it.
It’s an indoor playground for kids!
When small-schools are determined by age range, as with the simplistic model favoured by ARK academies, like the Globe Academy in Southwark, London8, the benefits are felt only by administrators rather than by students. In fact, this kind of grouping reinforces the us-versus-them mentality of young people, by keeping powerful role models in older years away from the very people they could be inspiring.
Unfortunately for Santos is was quickly apparent that his handspeed wasn’t in the same league as the impressive Ortiz. Mere seconds into the fight, a solid left hook to the body hurt Santos and Ortiz was quick to press his advantage as he followed up with a left to the jaw and then a flurry
Seeing as Miss A had a sleep during the day she doesn't go to sleep until 10pm.
The comms planning specialist asserts that great comms ideas are the answer.
Straight from the airport, with her suitcases, my mom went to the green house and discovered that it was empty. She didn’t know that we were just in the house next to it. My mom called up her aunt, tita Elvie, and asked if she knew where we were. She didn’t, but she let her stay at her house until my mom found out where our new place was.
According to the answer, the money lost through social grant fraud by public servants could have paid 145,875 child support grants.
During its building in 1851, these life size Dinosaurs were commissioned, and finally erected in 1855 at The Dinosaur Court , thrilling Victorians and Edwardian's for over 50 years!
The TV ad with Tharg floating down over London (yes, I really am that old! Amazing, isn't it?). I do remember suffering what I now know to be a Thrill Power Overload at the sight of dinosaurs and cowboys and Volgan invaders and the like too.
Tara does have lots of great guest posts coming up to get our creative juices flowing which will definitely help! I really like Karma Wilson's reminder to ask the magic question, What if? It's the same I've heard from other writers including Gordon Korman when I saw him speak to a group of students recently. These are authors with many, many books to their credit. What if? does seem to be a magic question for writers. I'm certainly going to give it a try.
Below is the result .. a five-and-a-half minute extravaganza of cardboard legs, wire butterflies and many painted backgrounds; each piece moved tiny bit by tiny bit ... at 24 frames-per-second ... which actually means that I made between 8000 and 9000 single captured images for the whole video.
And really this balancing act is what is making things a little bumpy. I like saying ‘bumpy’, makes it sound like a plane ride that is a little out of hand and will be over soon. Optimistic overtones, ya?
Comment #176 - ne-knopka (confirmed)
In a large bowl, combine rolled oats, steel cut oats, baking powder, salt and cinnamon. Stir to combine and set aside.
rain water pools in the dips
Reconstructing Ancient Israel: Integrating Macro- and Micro-archaeology 133–150
Tonight I'm heading over to Mama's since she is keeping Mason for a little bit tonight and I have not seen him in 2 weeks.
Mrs Badger has a bit of history with tombolas. As a child, she was eerily lucky at these thrilling games of chance, with the winning tickets somehow magnetically attracted to her sticky little hands. Tombola organizers would quake at her approach, knowing that she would clear their supply of prizes in one fair swoop, emerging from every roll of the barrel with her arms full of chocolates, perfume, bottles of spirits, and other items entirely suitable for seven-year-old girls.
Date of entry / Type of Entry / Currency Pair/ Lot size / Entry Price / Date of Settlement / Exit Price / Net Profit
Script Editor: ?
His strips were almost the equivalent of blogging in comic form, and in the 70s they would have been so completely different to what anyone else was doing. Harvey would simply log what was going on in his life, in his hometown of Cleveland, every day stuff, it all meant so much to Harvey. Sometimes these stories would whip over your head leaving you cold, but other times they would smash into your heart like a sledgehammer. Harvey was a real thinker, he'd sit and analyse stuff, worry about things, and put it all down.
This Tulipa turkestanica is a little past it's prime but I wanted to show how pretty it looks with the sun shining on it.
(1) Elemental nature
I highly recommend punting for a day's fun. We'd never been before but managed not to drown ourselves and Oxford has the most wonderful scenery beside the river. We hired our boat from the Cherwell Boathouse where they provide everything you'd need for a very reasonable £16phr at the weekends, or £80 for a full day (10am - dusk) and as you can get 6 people in a punt (plus dogs!) it works out pretty cheaply.
The British tradition for the low strength sessionable pint is unique in the world. The craft beers we enjoy now are heavily influenced by North America where, lacking the British cask ale tradition, high alcohol levels are an important factor in delivering character to a beer.
The study also threw up three different types of fan relationships. The Entertainment Seeker, the Fantasy Seeker, and the Inspiration Seeker: Different fans would be deriving different benefits from different celebrities.
Ripley’s Believe It or Not had a segment about this spy who woke up in a morgue. They thought he was dead, and his body was placed in the morgue’s freezer for several days. When they took out the body, he was alive, his eyes were open, and he was looking around, but he couldn’t do anything because his body was frozen stiff. He was looking at the embalmer who was preparing the tools to cut him up. He wanted to scream to the embalmer “Don’t cut me up, I’m still alive,” but his lips were immobile. He was scared to death. He thought that was it for him. The embalmer took a sharp blade and proceeded to open him up, then stopped. The embalmer looked at the guy’s head and saw that his eyes were moving. The embalmer called for help. He didn’t know why the embalmer stopped, but he was grateful. Later he found out that the reason why he was saved was that he bled. Dead people don’t bleed when they are cut up.
Now that Leif is an active little toddler, he’s become much more independent and doesn’t really want to be carried anymore. Every once in a while, we’ll use the Ergo when he’s fallen asleep in the car, allowing him to stay sleeping and us to keep moving. Even though we’re rarely using it, the Ergo is still one thing I never leave the house without – just in case. I’ve tried other slings and wraps, but there’s simply not another product that is as comfortable and functional as the Ergo. Sure, they’re not the cheapest carriers on the market, but I challenge you to find one that is better. And considering how often we’ve used it, my husband and I agree– that thing is worth every penny!
Items used
...was doing some personal writing...purely personal...none o’ yer damn business...when, as tends to happen, my inner blogger told me to turn it into a Yoga for Cynics post involving the various people inside my head...
'New Red Fire' lettuce (0.5)
I mean the Rainford village show isn't like a lot of other vilage shows in the country, no, much more friendly by the sounds of it. But still, it's hard to know the un-spoken etiquette for these things isn't it?
“I feel the best way to build community is through collaborative partnerships with friends and allies,” adds Program Assistant at Breathe California Jo-Lynn Otto, who is the class facilitator.
This week I was in charge of "Bermuda." (The Almost Home people give the dogs pretty random names, but of course new owners can change the names!)
Mr. Mucus and I are intimately acquainted. He's a tough guy. I have been out of commission for what feels like FOREVER! It started innocently enough, with the Flu. Which progressed to something like bronchitis which has now settled in as pneumonia. Grrrr...
HAAAAAAAAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA. Oh, you're dashing the hopes of so many of my foes. bad, BAD boy.
I am of course using a cute La La Land Craft Image.
The useless answer I have right now is I don’t know. The real answer is I do. On the surface I think that it might be, just to see if, I can do it. To see if I can write to a level where there is a bit of an audience there to read it, and make opinion of it. On the blog, I differentiate that from having an audience for a fictional story, as that would be a different style of writing. Well unless I put some fiction on here. I suppose it is also part of practice and hopefully improvement. Having it “out there” adds another dimension. That is not the whole story though.
of personality. Contradiction in coherence
In fact, both the writing of the book, and its divulgation and that of the thesis that is defended in it, namely through the DVD and through interviews, configure the exercise of freedom of expression, and as far as the third Defendant is concerned, also that of freedom of the press and the media.
It could be about the parenting class I recently started teaching. It could be about wanting to know exactly how I'm spending my time...hmm...what else. Maybe they overheard me complain about something?
I don’t know much about Nebraska assistant football coach Ron Brown and I knew nothing about him before the recent controversy.
Level 11: Damage: +11%, Critical Rate: +11%.
"I'll be strong, I'll try to carry on. . . so don't you worry 'bout me."
"Shut up!"
"...to grasp how wide and long and high and deep is the love of Christ, 19 and to know this love that surpasses knowledge..."
Spicy Sweet Potato Fries with an Avocado Aioli
I am also getting paid less than I have ever been paid....ever. And the only way to rectify that is to finish my masters degree. Except to do that I need money. If I don't enroll in a class this fall I am suspended from the program and must reapply to get back in, which I don't have time for. Yet because I left KY early my checks are smaller. And because WA schools don't start until almost a month later than what I'm used to there looks to be a month where I'm not getting a paycheck to begin with. Nevermind the fact that I have NO sick leave built up because I am new to this WA district. If this kid is not here by Tuesday I have to take maternity leave and start burning complimentary sick leave. If this kid comes on his due date, I still have to take maternity leave, but will have burned through ALL of my complimentary sick leave prior to being able to go to work which leaves me taking deductions in my pay before I even set foot in the door with students. Not to mention that both my son and I will require regular doctor's appointments to assess our health status after delivery and that each of those days will then be docked against my paychecks too. Heaven forbid one or both of us ever get sick and I have to take days off then because again it will be unpaid. Just accounting for maternity leave and the late start to the school year my next paycheck may not be for another 2 months and while I have tried my best to prepare for this I am uncertain that I can be a financially contributing member to my nuclear family. Considering how my husband treated me upon facing the fact that I might not be generating any incoming while going through the job hunting process I do not necessarily relish the idea that he's going to see me as some burden to carry and make no qualms about letting me know that. All things considered it seems extremely unlikely that going to school this fall can happen financially; which will just have an awesome domino effect on our finances seeing as how I'll have to reapply to the program and it delays finishing the program in enough time for it to affect my next year's salary.
My life at the moment is, putting it gently, about as much fun as being gang-fisted by an army of massive-handed psychotic sex criminals with deep-seated anger issues.
"YOU BETCHER BUCKSKINS AND SAVE YER MOCCASINS FOR SUNDAY!"
As an example, I struggle with understanding point-of-view and found this.
Manish Kumar, Ph.D. (Jodhpur U.), Associate Professor
Lewis’ victory Sunday is her fifth top-10 finish of 2012, including a runner-up finish at the ISPS Handa Women’s Australian Open where she lost in a six-way playoff.
For the pillars of the temple stand apart,
By Seth Salomon from the April 01, 2012 issue of Life Insurance Selling Magazine. Seth specializes in corporate/personal finance as well as small-business operations and strategy.
Which brings me to another no-no. No talent talent shows. A parent’s nightmare! Being forced to endure 90 minutes of pure torture with perhaps 5 minutes of pleasure. The show in question was especially bad … so bad at one point I swear my ears were about to start bleeding. It should be a prerequisite that if you are going to have an act where you play the piano … you should be able to PLAY something worth listening to. If you claim your talent is singing … you should be able to hit at least 1/2 of the notes you are aiming for …. surely that is not too much to ask!!!!! As I watch shows like American Idol and wonder at the people who audition and how they came to believe that they are talented, the answer suddenly became clear last night. For a parent to fill their children’s heads with delusions is one thing (not a school of thought I happen to agree with but at least I can understand the logic behind it …. sort of …. although it will never replace honesty), but for teachers and outsiders to feed their fantasy dreams or stardom is beyond ridiculous!
We ate soup and grilled cheese. "How about Harry Potter?" "Let's watch The Sorcerer's Stone again!" So now they are cuddled up doing that. Later, my youngest will play soccer, but that's all I know. The day is unfolding, full of comfort, choices, and family.
Van Helsing
“Nice place, Hermel,” he said after a minute of admiration. “City life is treating you well. You’ve gained weight,” he said without a hint of mockery. “But cousin, I came to bring a message from Grandfather. He says all of the fighting men who left the village should return. Bandits have attacked and taken hostages. Their chief is demanding the spring seed for their return. I’m sorry, but I must add that your sister, Iliza, is one of the hostages,” said Hornmel.
with a padlock?
Though “High Plains Drifter” was only Eastwood’s second film as a director, he tackles things like a pro, which isn’t surprising given his long association with Westerns. Eastwood toys with all the conventions of Westerns and it is only the intelligent script by Tidyman (who won an Oscar for writing “The French Connection”) that keeps this from turning into a parody of Eastwood’s “man with no name” persona.
BAD STUFF: I felt this movie suffered from having too many subplots and no real “main” characters. Sometimes that formula works, but this time it just felt kind of random, and that randomness made it harder for me to pay attention to and get into. Some people rate this a 5 star comedy, one of the funniest movies they’ve seen… But I just felt it was kind of defocused.
With so many symptoms matching up, I have to give going gluten free a try.
Nov. 12: The LC Pavilion, Columbus, OH
The area around the PC desk is cluttery and crumb-y. I prefer to avoid it.
For a little person, just 16 months, Zi has swam in Balandra coast waters twice, she’s been to Avocat waterfall, twice she’s soaked in the blissful waters of Yara River, twice she’s dipped in the springs of Las Hermanas Estate, she’s been to Paragon Beach, she’s had her Tobago sea bath, and she’s practically grown up on Maracas. The girl knows her water goddesses intimately.
A small Islamophobic group, called Stop Islamisation Of Europe (SIOE), has called for 1,000 Jews to attend its forthcoming demonstration at Harrow mosque; and for each Jew to bring an Israeli flag.
That’s pretty much the only instruction I got from Director Yuasa, so at the time, I didn’t think there was much acting going on. But, I hadn’t realized that there were two directors, one for the visual effects and the other for the acting scenes! So, when Director Yuasa had to handle both chores on GAMERA VS. GYAOS (1967), I realized that it must have been very hard for him." Hongo received top-billing in three Gamera films, total, concluding with Yuasa's GAMERA VS. VIRAS (1968), as well as Misumi's THE RETURN OF DAIMAJIN (1966).
15 Showbox SODO, Seattle, WA
The light changed. She saw me looking at her. She smiled.
Grinder Oil (Coolant) Supply
I wake up, sweating, and in tears. I sit up and next to me, just for a second, I see her face. I don't just believe she's a real angel, I know she's a real angel. I caused her to snap, she couldn't deal with all the pain. I feel so guilty. I lie back down, I whisper, "I hope you're happy and all the pain is gone, my angel."
Now avoiding all bounce-related puns, you have the opportunity of winning this amazing 10ft SkyHigh trampoline by simply telling us what you do or are going to do to get your children and family outside playing this spring.
Seemed pretty clear to me that we are positioning ourselves for major troop withdrawl ongoing economic and structural support, continued military monitoring and force intervention to prevent a resurgence of Al Quaeda, as we did in Iraq. Is it a clean end like WWII? No, but we are engaged in different struggle for survival; one calling more for strong policing than for traditional military maneuvers.
“Pokr Mehr and his horse disappeared into the Rock of Van and, so the legend goes, remain there.”
The leaders of 32 Latin American and Caribbean nations yesterday pledged “backing for Argentina’s legitimate rights in its sovereignty dispute with the United Kingdom relating to the ‘Malvinas Question.’”
I wiped up the offending mess, set down the Pledge, and then picked up the dry shampoo to assault my hair with.
Suffering from delusions of grandeur as Hannah (but based on Lena’s real life I guess they really aren’t delusions at all),
Hungry, I hoofed up Broadway yesterday in search of a snack. I zig-zagged back and forth across the wide boulevard but neither Chipolte nor a new falafel spot won me over. Luckily, Pinkberry’s free sample sugar-boosted me enough to walk on. I made my way to 116th and followed the path onto Columbia University’s campus. While I’ve lived here for over 4 years, I’ve never passed though its wrought-iron gates. I beheld the beautiful quadrangle inside and soaked up some Ivy League peace. Refreshed, I bounced along to Harlem where I would meet my husband, Tani, in two hours.
A mind of logic now turns to pride
( ) Keep quiet unless someone else notices.
It was the sort of weekend I cherish and the kind I’m grateful to have here in Hungary. Full of moments you wish you could bottle up or keep in a jar, tucked away on a shelf until you need to revisit them. The closer I get to leaving Hungary, the more this apartment feels like a home, and not just a house. As much as I am eager to get home, when the day finally comes, I will be quite sad to leave it.
Garnier Nutrisse Nourishing Color Foam $2/1
“Oh. Yeah. I’m okay. The other kids were really happy so I’m happy for them.” And with that he bounded up the stairs to the play.
Dreams mislaid, to wake with dread, where
To make a long story short, the sellers' illegally broke our contract and accepted a cash offer. Sending us back on the house hunt.
Mookie & mate 2
How are you getting word out about the FB page?
Have a good holiday, whatever you celebrate!
This, of course, has the nerds who care in a frothing rage.
It's time for me to Get. A. Life....
I wanted to catch up with Beatrice Ekoko, of RadioFreeSchool.
We have a good many plans in this renovation project, including covering all the wood trim and siding on the back of the house with vinyl - no more painting. Can you tell we are getting ready for retirement?
i pray for her in the cold - my limbs almost numb and the cold biting through my fingers holding the sign reading, 'each fragile life is a gift'.
(Universal) Jason Segel, Emily Blunt, Alison Brie, Rhys Ifans. When a young couple gets engaged, the plans for their wedding take up all of their attention. So when she gets a job out of town, they decide to postpone, setting off a chain of events that keep their wedding being put off and put off until their relationship is threatened.
Health Canada. Human health risk assessment for Priority Substances. Ottawa, Ontario, Health Canada, Environmental Health Directorate, Canada Communication Group – Publishing (Publication No. En40-215/41E), 1994.
Holy smokes can life get any more insane??! Quick recap of the last couple weeks:
Crude looks like it’s trying to establish an uptrend, after a positive divergence, and gained 0.6% on the week.
If you take classes in geology, history, English, and psychology in the same semester and it’s just like cross-training for your horse – studying the psychology text stretches your brain in a different direction than your geology lab does. Same with English and history. And even though they’re sometimes connected (the French Revolution no doubt influenced the literature of the time, don’t you think?), much of the time, the divergent subjects can enable you to stretch your mind in different directions so that you don’t get fatigued by constantly thinking in one direction all the time.
Louis Vuitton Travel luggage, which have contributed to bringing within the last holiday, may possibly out of date after a various other age bracket was world the exact opposite is often publicized.
Madam Ang is married to an assistant manager of a resort and has four children aged between one and ten years of age.
It speaks about the greatness of God. When we remember how great God is so many things come into proper focus.
From: senator_allen@allen.senate.gov
Or consider ALEC, an organization funded by major corporations that writes laws that, among other things, curtail workers’ rights to organize and disenfranchises the poor, elderly and people of color. It then lobbies state lawmakers to pass its “model legislation,” and sweetens the deal with junkets – all-expenses-paid vacations at posh hotels for legislators and their families – where they can rub shoulders with the titans of industry.
Alejandro Escovedo - Real Love” - So good that I get distracted and can’t focus when it’s on... That’s a good thing!
If the frame is aluminum, every scrape is removing structural metal. If it is steel, we expose the unprotected metal to the elements leading to rust. In either case we are shortening the life of our footbikes.
-The fact that the blonde white girl on a date with a financially stable white boy who gets his fashion sense from the 1950s is hallucinating a sassy black woman as the voice for said bear? (0:48)
I have been very blessed this year to be apart of a wonderful Bible Study led by Olivia Jones. She is a spiritual giant and has so much Godly wisdom. When I left Birmingham, one of the the things I knew I would miss the most was the Bible study led by my sweet friend, Kate, and the great group of girls that I fellowshipped with weekly. Well of course, God provided here as well. This past year we have studied everything from the Holy Spirit and Spiritual Warfare to how to be a Godly wife. One of the biggest things God has shown me is that I am called to submit to my husband as he is my spiritual covering. This means even when I think I know better for our family, be it in plans, finances, or parenting, I am to obey my husband and not manipulate (yes shocking, I said manipulate) to get what I think is best. I have heard this teaching many times, but not so much in black and white. If you are being obedient to your husband you are being obedient to GOD.
Watching how cows, pigs and chickens were treated just so we can eat meat made a huge impression on me ~ so much so that I am not sure I can eat meat again. I have lived my life disassociated from the fact that those lovely plump chicken breasts actually belonged to a living, breathing chicken once upon a time, a chicken that was given hormones to promote record breaking weight gain, a chicken that was kept in a chicken house in the dark, living in their own feces, sometimes being pecked to death.
What is with skin tags, don't you just want to rip em off if you see one? I can't help looking at them,they rarely stay still.I want to grab the tweezers....and scissors....and SNIP.
At the top of my list is to go back to New Orleans as a visitor as soon as it is possible. I wish to do that out of respect for the people there and all they’re going through now.
3) "The Child's Conflict about Comic Books" by Paula Elkisch, Ph.D
“I did find one online. Are they searching for instruments? I could…”
It’s time for Heleva and her guest to pour their alcohol into plastic cups and head downstairs where their sober cab buddy is waiting patiently whilst blasting Nelly Furtado on her stereo. “What the fuck is this crap?” Heleva and her friend ask in unison as they simultaneously scrunch up their noses as if smelling a very raunchy hot dog fart. Someone jokes that they would rather listen to Miami elevator music until Heleva points out that there is no such thing as Miami elevator music and to stop being such a poser since they’d never even been to Florida, let alone outside the state of Minnesota. “All you know about Miami is the Golden Girls.”
“This has been a 50-year struggle already and this is a victory not only for these farmers, but for the many who are similarly situated,” said Romeo Capulong, a lawyer for the farmers.
05. - interview in swedish -
Although there are varying accounts of what happened next, sources said the undercover cops raised their weapons when they saw Zeigler's service revolver and yelled, "Gun."
Paused for breath and had a cup of tea 'n sandwich (£3,50).....Thennnnn onto Trafalgar square way and then back to Holborn. Catch tube to St Paul's - Magnificent! But no cameras allowed inside...Damn.
Sorry ive being MIA...recently if you read my last post you'd know that my brother in law and cousin in law are here in Canada for a visit they are not leaving until the end of the month, so i have no time to do any make up...mainly because they are using my "make up room" as a bedroom, and id feel weird to ask a bunch of guys to get out of the room while i do make up...I am also not that comfortable doing my make up in front of other people especially guys..unless its my hubby...so ya...but being a smart girl i did a few looks b4 they came so i have something to post while they are here...One more thing i think im going to ottawa/montreal/Quebec city with them this week, so kinda excited for that..
After a lifetime of work
I don't think I've mentioned how much I love Heston Blumenthal on my blog, but I think he is amazing and I am very glad Mum made me watch Heston's Feast with her one night (the Willy Wonka episode, which is still one of my favourites) because then it made sense that we had given someone the Fat Duck Cookbook as a birthday present (side note: my 21st is soon. Compleeeetely unrelated side note...). The Flavour Thesaurus is great because I'm never sure what to pair things with so I usually end up following recipes or sticking to safe combinations and now I have an entire reference book to choose food pairings from! :D
Back to the Amsterdam I saw, however, it was a funny experience in much the same way it can be funny watching a child figure out how to work a doorknob or something simple like that. While someone may move to try and help them after a while, the good-humored person would invariably hold the other back with a half-covered smirk, saying “no, no…let him figure it out,” with an altruistic show of ‘tough love’ masking their inward amusement. Just so, imagine yourself in Amsterdam again, this time seated in an Italian restaurant enjoying a cold glass of water and a pizza margherita. Look to your left. Now back to your right. Now look left again. What do you see? If the answer was a group of four unnaturally hungry friends with three of them wearing large eye-covering sunglasses, chances are, they’re high as heaven. If your answer was, a group of three girls and one guy–all American–one with a residual cough and all of them with an unnaturally good sense of humor, chances are that they’ve taken some breathing exercises in the local Bulldog Coffeeshop as well. In fact, as you imagine yourselves in the streets of Amsterdam, there’s about a 1 in 4 chance that the next person you see is under the effects of some mind-altering drug, as all the symptoms would indicate. But that’s alright. I only recalled my friend’s account of his trip to Amsterdam (admittedly as one of the drug tourists but don’t hold that against him) and how mostly all of the locals who talked to him did so with condescending tones and overly-played smiles, asking questions like “yeah, are you having a good time in Amsterdam?” I felt like a local in how I started to see Americans by the end of the trip. It’s no wonder that the Netherlands are trying to push for cracking down on drug tourism–despite the financial implications of that.
She’s already changed the spelling of her name. We thought we had chosen a rather unique name for her and originally spelled it Baylie. It must be the season for the name regardless of the spelling: Bailey, Bailie, Bailee, Balie, Bayleigh…. There are several dogs we have met with that name. In fact, a male lab puppy in her obedience class was named Bailey. She wanted to be distinctive, so she decided to spell her name Bayley. So typical of young girls at that age.
Cameron Crowe
Nutritional Value (per serving)
Fried shrimp. Apple Jacks.
* "Breaking News: 4th Circuit paves a partial path for Rosetta Stone in Google Adwords case", here. A helpful analysis of a ruling which is not the end of the story but perhaps the beginning of the end -- a ruling which has also been much misunderstood in the non-specialist media.
We took our trip south to the Monterey and Carmel area where we relaxed with beautiful surroundings and winter sun. Found a breakfast place in Pacific Grove that served a fabulous frittata. No complaints...great place to sit and watch the waves.
I think she equates receiving that piece of paper from a high school showing that you attended the school almost every day for 4 years straight, with getting you've got your education. Or did she mean pursue acting only once you've got your university or college degree? How 'educated' must you be before you can pursue your passion?
Love waits
Stat-wise, it’s quite fast (good for Electro Ball), and has pretty good Sp Attack. But in exchange, has poor defenses. It (and Joltik) has a signature move in Electroweb, an Electric move with 55 power and 95 acc, and lowers target’s Speed by one stage. Good to use in conjunction with Electro Ball I guess.
write about something not in application
So that his elements have grown so fine
Even with all the mystic work, though, the mundane is very important for a godspouse to keep in mind, at least from what I have seen. They want to be a part of our lives, our households. I’ve had Loki tell me he wants this fruit in his cupcakes instead of the one on the recipe, or tease me about the shows I watch.
When we got the news that Joshua was accepted, I made this sign to honor all the men and women who protect and serve the citizens of our nation. It is available for sale on my website.
A compelling authority that obliges all citizens to heed their decisions, and so makes government authoritative and effective.
2. The days are hot and dry now, around 37 °C. Yesterday the Thai staff said they received SMS warnings about an upcoming storm. I asked when it would hit and they phoned back and said “…it will hit Bangkok tonight” (i.e. last night) and that Chiang Mai and Chiang Rai provinces have been warned. They added there will be terrible winds and hail, coming from China. Then I said it must hit us soon because if it is a northern storm going towards Bangkok then we are in its way, but the sky looked clear. I suspected the Thai staff, who has no clue which direction China is (north), and in spite of my educational efforts still do not know which direction the monsoon comes from (southwest), may have talked nonsense. I consulted the Thai Meteorological Department website and they forecast five days of continuous drought with 10% chance of thunder showers. That is perfectly normal weather for April and so I rejected the nonsense of the staff and kept watering, wondering where they get their disinformation from?
Training for this taught me hard work and discipline. It also gave me a goal to work for. When you are home with a little one everyday, it is hard to have tangible goals. It was good for me to do this for myself and for my health. I have spent a lot of time alone over the past 4 months running. I don't listen to music and I don't usually run with anyone. T, Adam and I did run a couple of long runs together but otherwise I trained by myself. And I loved it. I fell in love with being alone, listening to my feet hit the pavement, getting lost in my own thoughts for an hour or two. I was free from all distractions and I prayed a lot. The Lord used the time to get me alone and for talking to him. I loved it.
I called the gang (Thank goodness for cell phones!) and let them know and told them to get up here so we could leave. 30 minutes later after all the kids had picked out souvenirs at the gift shop, we were on our way home totally exhausted. Good thing Robb can't sleep in cars! He drove.
The best movie in the entire world!
We have cleansing for the inside of our bodies too
Hi Everyone! Just stopping by to share a quick card today. I got stuck on my Remix layout...I set it aside for a few days so I can take a fresh look at it next week. :) I'm also stamping cards like crazy for an upcoming publication deadline. I have a stack of cards to share...but those will have to wait until next week too. :)
Wawawewa indeed.
and means a decimal point.
Comments (124) Share Social media should be monitored by police and security services, a former intelligence chief has said, to prevent paedophiles and terrorists from communicating unhindered. Sir David Omand, former Permanent Secretary and Security and Intelligence Co-ordinator in the Cabinet Office, says criminals are increasingly making use of online social networks such as Twitter and Facebook to communicate. He added that those responsible for protecting society need to use the technology to keep suspects under surveillance. Challenge: Sir David Omand said that without the monitoring and collection of social media intelligence websites could become ¿secret spaces¿ where those carrying out illegal activities could communicate unhindered Challenge: Sir David Omand says that without the monitoring and collection of social media intelligence the sites could become 'secret spaces' where those carrying out illegal activities could communicate unhindered He said that without the monitoring and collection of social media intelligence, known as Socmint, websites could become ‘secret spaces’ where those carrying out illegal activities could communicate freely. However, the former Whitehall Intelligence officer made it clear that an individual’s account should only be ‘hacked’ into under certain circumstances.
And he says
6. Ice cake with chocolate mousse and serve with fresh berries
I've had a good couple of days lately. I went to a friend's house yesterday and we mucked around, took photos, made pirate hats and paper boats. And today I went down to the river. I've never been much of a 'river person', I usually spend all summer at the pool. But it's actually really nice there, I think I'll be spending a few more summer days floating along in the water. Also today I put the t - shirt from this post on layby.
Waist was too fat,
I consulted FB's mother the next day who gave me all the answers I needed including the two major revelations that a BODY is actually a baby ONESIE, NOT a sexy swimsuit. And a brumisateur d'eau is the little water spritzer bottle you buy to spray on your face when you get overheated, NOT an actual humidifier machine.
Become crumpled, and continues to crumple,
Today doesn't feel like there is anything to be optimistic about. It's only 10:44a PST and everything feels wrong from the personal, the political to the professional.
3 Tbsp. light brown sugar
Now when Pilate had heard these words, he brought Jesus forth and sat down in the judgment seat, in the place that is called Lithostrotos, and in Hebrew Gabbatha. And it was the parasceve of the pasch, about the sixth hour: and he says to the Jews: Behold your king. But they cried out: Away with him: Away with him: Crucify him. Pilate says to them: shall I crucify your king? The chief priests answered: We have no king but Caesar. Then therefore he delivered him to them to be crucified. And they took Jesus and led him forth.
I collect things. Unicorns, cobra snakes, crystals, skeletons, vintage jewelry, old rock concert t-shirts, roller derby t-shirts, nail polish, shoes, Mardi Gras masks, and books.
With 136 days to go I am feeling a sort of subdued confidence that we will all make it. Dave just showed off with his big gearing and long legs. Chris surprised me and I paid in the latter half for going off like a gazelle. I thought Dave and Chris were just being boring gear-heads by bashing on about ratios, tooth count and gear inches. I am humbled as they have a point. I am under-geared at 42-18 and consequently had to spin at a ridiculous speed to stay with the group. It is jolly hard work to spin and spin. Am getting a 17 for the Continental side of the ride.
Dear Friends, Family, Blogging Buddies and Chengdu Families:
Saying Dostoyevsky was talented with words is an understatement, to be sure. That said, I don’t think he’s quite right (although in Googling for a quote on sarcasm to help make my point about pain, perhaps the quote I found on a quote-y website is taken out of some greater context that I have not tracked further). Dostoyevsky is saying that sarcasm comes from a place of deep pain, and I think that much is on the money. But I don’t think sarcasm has to be the last refuge of decent folk. And we are all decent folk, or we each have at least a seed of decency inside of us. Do we really need to hurt others so that we feel better, however subconsciously some of us may do so? If so, then sarcasm makes us the emotional equivalent of a schoolyard bully.
“The usual things people do for All Souls’ Day is to write on envelopes and submit names for prayers, but we wanted to make it more creative and interactive,” he said.
Christina Mitchell
We are officially beginning the viability stages. Baby now has a small chance of surviving outside the womb, not that we want it out quite yet. It is welcome to stay in there for another 14 weeks.
I also used the same orange cardstock in a embossing folder (you can't really see it too clearly but the card has cracked slightly giving white flecks throughout the design). The matt was
PLEASE EMBRACE THE MINDSET OF ENDEAVOR AND NOT THE MINDSET OF ENTITLEMENT.
August slips away, but we thankfully have had days now of real summer. At the beach one morning, as we started our walk, two men were boarding a yellow rowboat – a sort of specialized rowboat – shiny and narrow, a little like a scull, with two sets of oars – a burst of yellow on blue water.
Making YoYos: 1
Step Six:
But if you want a theme for Sepia Saturday 110 you can put on your own performance with any interpretation of theatre you care to choose. Just post your post on or around Saturday the 28th of January 2012 and add a link to the list below. All I need to say now is, "Tickets please".
Fort Delaware and Fort DuPont are actually located not far from each other as a corporation, an LLC a lot to offer to tourist and families looking to take an educational course on DUI at their own reason for incorporating in Nevada from personal liability for illegal or unlawful acts committed by the local Plain Folk.
This is a family film in the best sense. Much is unsaid, much misunderstood. Connections are made, lost, and remade. The three sisters discover (as the two sisters did in Sense and Sensibility) what each lacks in her life. As one sister says (the same line was used in S&S), “What do you know of my heart?” – an excellent question, as she finds no one can know her heart if she will not reveal it. Chu rediscovers his taste and his zest for life through a remarkable and unforeseen transformation.
We'll be at the AT&T Conference Center in Austin. More later on tickets and such. Austin is great for a live show, but if you can't make it, they're taping it. Woot-woot! (I mean, gosh, I'm just doing my part) So you'll be able to see it online after the event.
Humans are driven by deep instincts or a hunger to fulfill one or more of the six fundamental human needs (see footnote for origins of this psychology theory). Our behaviour (and those of the characters we as writers create) arise in the way in which we choose to meet these needs on a consistent basis – either in a positive or a negative manner. By understanding these needs, an author is able to understand and formulate a deeper appreciation of the actions characters take and the way in which they react to certain environments or events.
Cumin Seeds : 2tsp
"The lack of readiness should come as no surprise because for decades the sensationalist message of global warming has dominated the public area," said Ms. Adali.Emphasis in original. Just in case it wasn't obvious from the name, "The Atlas Economic Research Foundation is a nonprofit organization connecting a global network of more than 400 free-market organizations in over 80 countries to the ideas and resources needed to advance the cause of liberty." So while they clearly have an axe to grind, it's not political -- they just need to chop down a forest.
The best and most beautiful things cannot be seen or
*Some children do not like these types of cereals but there are gluten free egos at most grocery stores that are made with rice
So how do you apply? We'd like to see a new Mother's Day project to be sent to BBTB2.donna.carole@gmail.com and a link to your blog by Monday, April 23rd. New members will be contacted my email by Wednesday April 25 and revealed on BBTB2 with our May 8th challenge. We can't wait to see what you create. Best of luck to all. "
We've had Westlake Week; we've had, er, Westlake Week Mark II; and now, thrillingly, we have another week of themed posts here on Existential Ennui – and this time they'll be nothing whatsoever to do with Donald Westlake. Exit stage left entire Westlake-obsessed blog readership...
Now, all of this has finally been entered OFFICIALLY into court records.
He stumbled across the room and sat on the sofa heaving the bag at my feet.
7. You receive a past due notice from the university your child is attending, indicating none of his tuition has been paid and he has been kicked out of his program. When you ask him what happened to the $14K you gave him for school this year (because you have saved hard for years for this child to have an education), he says, “I went to Cuba, bought a car, saw the UFC – $800 seats, Mom and Dad! – and then, you know, I had to help out my buddies,” do you shrug and say, “Oh well, it was your money”? Or do you lose your temper, especially because you’re legally on the hook, since he’s 17?
Normally I take pictures as I go, but this time I was working so concentrated that I all but forgot until it was well and truly finished. Anyway, this cabinet I built from scratch. I looked up some pictures of similar cabinets on the Internet and drew up my own plan. Since I have a thicknesser for miniature woodwork I can use whatever wood I have available. In this case I have used slats from old Venetian blinds. The only part I am not happy with is the doors. I wanted to hinge them with pins at the top and bottom, but I tried a more complicated way that did not work. Instead of rounding off the side of the doors to accommodate the opening and closing I tried to drill the holes off centre, but the pins stuck out. I think the holes were a bit to close to the side. Anyway, I solved the hinge problem by using pieces of fabric. It doesn't look as good, but it will have to do. Once in the shop with plants and other stuff all around it doesn't matter as much anyway.
In 1975, Wilson meets Frank Terpil, another ex-Agency man, let go after schemes involving gun smuggling and money changing. Terpil is with Intercontinental Technology, a subsidiary of Stanford Technology, a company run by Albert Hakim, who had tried to sell surveillance equipment to the Shah, and later be part of the deal to sell arms to Ayatollah Khomeni that became Iran-Contra. Terpil’s contact was Sayad Qaddafi, Muammar`s cousin. Terpil was a constant talker, with a thick Brooklyn accent. One of his teenage memories was selling a submachine gun from one friend to another.
I love this set from PTI - it was one of the first I ever bought. The umbrellas are gorgeous stamped in Pure Poppy - especially the big polka dot one!
The concurrent club racing tested everybody’s “look out” skills. A “figure
And then recently, she asked if she could use that image for her masthead and I couldn't have been more proud. Thank you, Tara! I love being a part of the work you do!
The future that's promised
*my cat, Moses.
A couple of weeks ago, Secret Agent Man decided to build a new river boat....in a weekend.
Here is the pattern:
aware that there is more
Paper: K&Co, Making Memories & Basic Grey
Yes, the title got me.
You are now nearly 30 weeks pregnant. You've just started the third trimester in your pregnancy with Mason. You are now nearly unable to tie your own shoes. When you do attempt this feat, breathing becomes nearly impossible as you bend over. You are at that uncomfortable stage where maternity clothes are a bit too big and sloppy looking, yet your regular clothes no longer fit... so getting dressed usually involves anywhere from 3-10 outfit changes and often tears, as you realize you have nothing appropriate to wear for any occasion. Not only is picking out clothing a disaster, getting dressed is becoming an Olympic event as pulling on clothing and standing on one leg to pull on your pants makes you appear to have the balance of one of your 93 year old patients. "A good night's sleep" is now a joke as you are waking up throughout the night with the need to pee, grasping your calves in agony with cramps, or searching violently through your bedside table for Tums as heartburn decides to rear it's ugly head at 12:30 AM... and then again at 2 AM and 4:30 AM. You hug your body pillow at night and realize that you are not comfortable, so turning over in bed becomes your only option as laying on your back is severely uncomfortable and laying on your (now slightly enormous) stomach is impossible. As you consider the task of rolling onto your other side, you realize that this is an endeavor that will undoubtedly take at least 10 minutes, wake your husband, and result in you still being uncomfortable. You pray that you can just fall asleep and get one hour of good sleep before your next wake-up call to pee, take Tums or stretch out your calves.
Luckily, there is Femestra, a natural menopause relief supplement. Femestra helps to reduce hot flashes, alleviate night sweats, burn excess fat, and increase libido. All bi-products of menopause. You really should visit theire site to read more about their product, read some reviews and watch testimonials from several of their customers.
08-26 Leeds, England – Leeds Festival
The South African New Economics (SANE) Foundation is a non-government organisation with the mission of "promoting and encouraging a process and system which will create a humane, just, sustainable and culturally appropriate system in South Africa". New Economics offers some specific policies for counteracting many of the serious structural imbalances, unsustainable practices and environmental damage generated by the current economic system. Five important principles of New Economics are the following:
Does your mom or dad have allergies, perhaps your twin sister? Studies show that it is possible you’ve inherited those ragweed allergies. Closely examine your family members since there are many inherited ailments, perhaps you’ve inherited the condition. Yikes!
Conspiracy Against Rights
Chores get pushed to the back burner.
“We hope those who share our concerns about both the rise of racism and Islamophobia in Britain, and the plight of Palestinians, will turn out on Saturday to make a clear point to those who support racism and fascism in whatever form.”
In Free State, where Malema has been since Thursday, the league said it is going to march against Premier Ace Magashule this week.
Walmart
My name is Dawn Cheung and I will be an exchange student studying abroad at the Chinese University of Hong Kong (CUHK) in Shatin, Hong Kong! I am currently a junior at the UW majoring in Communications and minoring in Chinese. During my time at CUHK, I’ll be taking two Communication courses and two Chinese (Mandarin) classes as I want to continue with fulfilling my goal of being fluent.
Here are some ideas I’m thinking of. What do you think? Any good?
Today’s outfit was a challenge from reader Erica. She wanted to see me pair lime green and brown. (She didn’t say the shade of brown, but I assumed “chocolate.”) It may be a bit hard to see in the photo, but I’m wearing a lime tank, under the white blouse, to coordinate with the lime shoes.
Ask the Lord to give you compassion for those in the path of your mission, and see great, miraculous things begin to happen through you and for you…
Despite being widely described as holographic (including in this article), really isn’t even a hologram. Holographic pop stars even exist already, just not in the U.S. but in Japan – meet Hatsune Miku. But this is still far advanced from what we’ve had before with live projected images. Advanced enough to almost be creepy to uncanny valley effect. That’s makes us question how far we can go resurrecting dead stars.
The part of me that looks at white butterflies fly by when people are telling me their deepest secrets. The part of me that dreams about running in the grass and flying as Goliath the famous Gargoyle (this is a 90′s TV reference, if you don’t know it–don’t talk to me). The part of me that wishes she could speak French, just so that she can tell that waiter in Paris that a Mexican salad is not a Greek Salad with Doritos on top. The part of me that hopes to God she won’t be remembered by her nicknames (they are absolutely terrible). The part of me that wishes to sell a song on iTunes, preferably one with the title Suck on It ********. The part of me that someday will grow up to be a full fleshed adult; with responsibilities, a mortgage, and a dog to walk. Yes, that softie part of me.
Fred Marx (4-3) vs. Scott Ettling (6-1)
Frozen in real time
Appendix of New Chants for the Graduale (post-1962)
Can you guess I'm in a hurry....had the G/daughters stay the night and now the g/sons have turned up....4 for school in 5...4...3...2...1...GOOOO!!!!!
Two men detained for questioning Wednesday were no longer suspects in the robbery, police spokesman Ulf Goranzon said.
In 1903 he enlarged upon his act, adding scenery and new lighting effects. He introduced levitation to the act in 1904, and proceeded to tour the Far East.
Assistant Commandant, U.S. Marine Corps (‘00-’02)
Richie and his unit have found out who Frank is and that he worked for Bumpy Johnson, and that all of his family has relocated around the city. They know about each of the brother's businesses. Richie remarks "Everything about Frank's life seems unpretentious, ordinary, and legit. Richie has also studied Frank's predictable schedule. His men remark that he doesn't behave like a typical gangster. Richie points out that Bumpy didn't either, and he ran Harlem for years. He compares Bumpy teaching Frank to how a Sicilian family would've run. We see Frank handing out turkeys just like Bumpy had done. Richie thinks that rather than Frank, they want whoever Frank is working for, as he doesn't realize Frank is bringing in the heroin himself.
At the start of our conversation I decided to throw out a test question, to see if I had read her correctly and if she was indeed as safe as I thought. I asked it with some context that isn’t important here and also in a genuinely light-hearted manner, so it wasn’t quite as awkward as it will seem. “So… if I come undone today during our time together, that’s ok, right?” Without batting an eye, with a smile and gentle chuckle even, she replied, “You have complete permission to come undone.”
I did mention about Joe painting the railing.
If you didn't find that video the most beautifully miserable thing ever, then you're an emotional husk. That final minute of the episode has affected me far more than any Requiem For A Dream, Bambi, Dancer In The Dark or death of Buffy. It is the perfect riposte to anyone who might claim that animation is shallow or childish. There are funnier and cleverer episodes of Futurama, but none reach the same notes. Some (The Luck Of The Fryish) come close, and others are heartbreaking for different reasons (Time Keeps On Slippin, The Devil's Hands Are Idle Playthings) but none have quite the sting (also a good episode) of Jurassic Bark.
using the talent I have to spread Christ name
Been out of the country, so I haven’t been posting. Here is a Haiku I wrote in Riviera Maya, Mexico last week. New habit, Haiku’s in my mind.
The purpose of this hop is just to thank your readers and not make them do ANYTHING to enter your giveaway, so if you don't usually enter giveaways because of all the hoops you have to jump through, this one is totally hoop-jumping free :)
Vivi- For Vivi I have to use her curiosity. She is constantly checking things out and asking questions, which mostly consist of "why?". I watched Vivi over the summer a few years ago. She was all over the place all at one time. She is one of those kids who are always getting into trouble. She is a little girl with some attitude. She will not let anyone boss her around. Which is something we all need to learn-- when to speak up and say "no".
Ok, I thought. This could work.
So is this the new desert southeast, a grassless landscape of abandoned golf courses, college dorms left empty amidst the remains of dying pine forests, and the sand dunes of Kitty Hawk creeping in toward Raleigh-Durham?
Each blogger has unique special attributes that separate them from the next; some have similar traits and others stand alone. Everyone has their own unique voice within their little blog page and together we form a mini community. We should all be nominated for this award; I browse a lot of marvelous blogs and everyone is quite talented. Whether or not we dedicate our blog to a specific topic or blog on many topics, it comes together as one.
The quilt was on the bed in our spare room for a while and unfortunately the cat liked it and it got covered in cat hair. I knew that any attempt to wash it would probably land up in a mangled mess, so when we moved into our current house and we had our girls the quilt sat folded up and unused (and looking at the cat hair on it, the cat still liked it).
Mark Meadows (REP) 29.94% 556
Financial Post - April 24, 2012
To Herself… She Speaks
My Mom has a major green thumb.... something I don't think I inherited. Yet, she has still entrusted me with watering her plants in the past, including her gorgeous orchids. I have a favorite among her orchid kin, just by its name alone: Happy Girl, per its tag.
After her purchase, she sat on the park bench outside the convenience store and looked for the bus. She opened up the Gravol and drank it from the bottle. She knew she looked like some haggard drug addict, but she didn’t care. The nausea subsided and she felt closer to normal. Now she was just tired.
Ouroussoff asked, "What are the limits, when you're working with a developer on that scale? What are you not allowed to do? You talked a lot about scale, about massing, about surfaces, about materials and things like that. All of those things you can do really well."
my lips chafed by the wind I stop trying to explain myself
Have your own band or personal favorite? Submit!
One difficulty in the study of work stress-related reproductive outcomes is that the negative reproductive event may be a source of stress itself, making the direction of the "cause-effect relationship" uncertain.
Here it comes...
If you don’t care about trivializing rape, you should. In the United States for every two reported cases of sexual assault, three more assaults go unreported. Why is it that more than half of all assaults aren’t reported? Because of people who don’t care when rape is made into a joke, and victims are attacked. Beyond caring as a UFC fan worried about how it makes your sport look, you should care as a human who understands that rape is horrible, and anything which contributes to a culture where shame and fear allows perpetrators to get away with it should be changed. Sweeping rape stories under the rug for fear of it shining a negative light on something you love is why Jerry Sandusky was allowed to continue raping children after he was seen sodomizing a ten year old boy in Penn State showers. If the strictly decent-human motivations don’t cut it for you, though, let’s be slimy and look at it purely from a GO UFC! perspective. Maybe the mainstream media wouldn’t have noticed without MMA sites calling Forrest out. Then again, Forrest also wouldn’t have subsequently been sent on a sensitivity mission, and the lesson wouldn’t have been laid out for all UFC fighters, meaning something would be more likely to happen later, after the Fox show, which the UFC hopes will start them on a catapult to mainstream. It will be noticed by the mainstream if it happens again when the UFC is in the public eye.
- johnb, London, 01/3/2012 16:09
there is a home goods about 3 miles form my house, and i am going to make a few trips there to see if
They say this will allow the 'mums and dads' to invest in public assets and so put demands on the management to be more efficient and so make more profits in order to pay good dividends. The same thinking underlies the deal on the Foreshore and Seabed that will allow Iwi Corporations to launch business ventures in the name of 'customary ownership'. The NACTS say this has just got to be good for NZ. Well, yes, NZ Inc owned and controlled by big business.
Am, by being dead, immortal ; can ghosts die ?
This is just an area for me to vent, share and hopefully if you are still reading, possibly entertain. I will do my best to not hold back and if you have questions feel free to ask in my comments.
Add one-third of stew meat to skillet and sear all sides. After meat is well browned (about 6 minutes), add 1 tablespoon flour to meat and stir well, browning flour. Remove meat and place in a Dutch oven or other large casserole dish. Repeat process until all meat is done, adding 1 tablespoon of oil per batch. It is important to sear the meat well over a medium-high heat; this browning process will give the stew its robust, meaty flavor.
Plan B worked out great. Such is supper at my house!
Episode Summary: (Major Spoilers, do not read if you don’t want to know what happened on the show)
Remember: Bad things aren’t the only things that happen in life so thank God for your blessings (yes, English included), even when you’re down in the dumps.
So, as much as I love classical mythology, from now on you can keep your Bacchus and your Dionysus. Partly for Flooterʼs sake, and for the sake of my children who love him probably as much as they love any character Iʼve created; but partly because the little red- nosed man who lives in your wine cellar and goes on mad drunken rides on dogback speaks to me of real, human drunkenness and folly much more than any demigod - and, I realise as I write this, reminds me somehow of the friendly, pathetic drunks I used to sometimes see and puzzle over as a child.
gypsy, accompany them home.
MAC e/s Cranberry
Gregory: the GOP proposed raising taxes
Vinnie Appice Drums
Here's a really great book to read if you want to prevent any of your kids from ever considering running away. Parent/Teen Breakthrough: The Relationship Approach
She is driven
look for the points of
Most MetalHeads know this album and those who do not like ThrashMetal cite it as one album even they will listen to.
We're really close to 400 followers. Right now its 18 more people. If we can get to 400 followers by August 9th, I will do a special bonus raffle for one additional piece of art selected from the follower list. It's really easy. Just click follow on the right side of the blog.
Today was the first day it has actually felt like fall. It got me in the mood to get the Cricut out and make a Halloween card for the end of the month. For anyone who wants to know, I used the "All Wrapped Up" cartridge.
Not much of an update tonight as I am in the midst of some other stuff that has taken precedence. But I do want to share the back story of the song I posted earlier by Mark Schultz. This is taken directly from another website and was written by him. Pause here and run to get some Kleenex. I have read it through several times today and still can't make it without the rivers flowing!! You MUST read the 2nd to last paragraph beginning "Inspired by this family's story......". Have those Kleenex ready!!!!
Here is my recipe for a simple, easy, cute card!
That’s an important and critical message for those of us who manage customer service units. We don’t have to be every employee’s best friend, but we need to be fair and honest with each one. We need to be open and sincere, and build a collaborative, trusting environment for our team. Without that collaboration and trust, we can’t adequately judge the attitude and viability of our team members. And neither can we guarantee the sincerity and quality of their final product – service to our customers.
But first, I am currently conducting a poll on my Facebook page and asking you (my readers) to let me know how you feel about these Frugal Friday posts. I want to make sure that my content is interesting to you. Please take a moment and vote: Would you like me to keep doing these Frugal Friday posts, or do away with them altogether? You can leave me a comment here and let me know, or vote in my Facebook poll. Your feedback is appreciated!
Sounds like a biology class! At least it is not a lesson in “postmortem” as the admirer is still alive! …
Two weeks ago, we didn't have any games because the kids were on a school break and we honestly didn't know what to do do with ourselves. So instead of complaining that we have four games to go to this weekend, I'm going to enjoy every minute of it.
WHAT IS WRONG WITH BEING FAT?
Self-portraits wearing a full-face helmet aren't flattering. But when you hit flight 1000, you take one anyway.
Well, I actually kind of like them. This is a job where we have to be ruthless. And we say no A LOT. But don’t forget, there are people saying no to us too (those pesky editors, grrr). And believe me, by the time I love something enough to take on a client, send a manuscript out, and an editor (or even more than one!) says no, I take that very personally.
Drugs have been on the periphery of the California wine scene going back a long time. In the late 1960s, Ridge Vineyards, located in the Santa Cruz Mountains above Silicon Valley and one of California’s most storied wineries, was something of a magnet for counterculture types. In his 2001 book, Zin: The History and Mystery of Zinfandel, David Darlington wrote that on “spectacular Monte Bello Ridge, psychoactive drugs proved quite popular; one Ridge acolyte—a full-bearded, red-headed individual named Jerry—reportedly ate LSD sixty-four days in a row, and bottling was frequently performed by someone who held a 750-ml glass vessel with one hand and a joint of primo sinsemilla with the other.” Having tasted Ridge wines from that period, I can tell you that they have aged beautifully and that I have never found any decayed roaches in the sediment. I can also tell you that this sort of thing no longer happens at Ridge.
Remember the money post? The one right before the emergency run to Philly? The one that said we had $33 and enough for one trip?
Bourses in general have been getting into bed together as if the sector was one big Roman orgy. In June of this year, only a shareholder revolt at Canadian exchange TMX stopped the London Exchange from merging with it.
At atomic that’s what they acquaint us…
A few years ago I bought a wall hanging at Kirkland's but it was one of those pieces that I could never find the right place for so I never hung it. When my son moved out and I redecorated his room, it got "stuck" in there.
And so my response is to share my latest foray into Guided Discovery world on Wednesday morning. I was teaching the CELTA TP students and being watched by my CELTA candidates – having to put my money where my mouth was since we’d had a session on conditionals the afternoon before where I had espoused Guided Discovery worksheets – time to show them the power of student-centred text-based step-by-step language clarification (i.e. Guided Discovery).
Okay, and not to jinx you...but, I just made a deal with my daughter to swap the cat for the dog and as I jumped outta bed with growling cat by the back of his neck (as any loving mum would) I got tangled up in my laptop's power cord and crashed to the ground for the second time in one week. Whatever you do...don't laugh...karma is like a bad chain letter with real consequences!! I swear I fractured my foot last week....but refuse to wear the "boot" that I already have from breaking my foot a few years back....tho the concept of going to the doctor and proving the breakage in order to get some vicodine is a plus....I just keep drinking milk (in the morning and vodka at night...just doing my part to keep the peace with Russia)...
My dark, horror, short story “Ripper” was accepted to be published by Sirens Call Publication’s April edition, eZine.
She gleams
2. Organic Braeburn apples, .88/lb. at H-E-B (through 2/1/11)
But none of us had taken it this time. Someone else saw it open and hid it just to be funny.
I'm parched, so very dry and I need a drink, I really need a drink...
With spring officially here in the U.S., the Flourishes Design Team thought we'd share a little flavor of the season by showing off one of our "oldie but goodie" sets that honors this time of year! The set is called Signs of Spring and the entire design team used this set for their fun-filled Friday creations!
It described in gruesome detail
Tag your face just to rub it in
4.- Look at your hand holding the mouse, without moving it away from the mouse..
In a bowl of a stand mixer with the paddle attachment, mix together the brown sugar, sugar and melted unsalted butter on medium speed for about 3 minutes. Add in the orange zest and mix. Then add in the vanilla extract and mix. Add in the eggs, one at a time. Mix until the eggs are completely incorporated.
* Jeremy Abbott
Have a great week everyone. I will be in Charlotte for a meet & greet with a brewer from Stone on Friday night, so if you are in the area, you should come by. We have a cask of double dry-hopped IPA and a regular keg of Stone Belgo Russian Imperial Stout. You don't see that every day.
Today is the beginning of a new day. It’s Wednesday. It’s August something, 2009. I’m sitting in the lobby of a family services center which is actually a front for crises center. But God forbid they should put the word ‘crises’ in their marquee sign; wouldn’t want anyone to believe America is actually suffering, and has been suffering since God knows when. I mean. . .if living in America is the foundation for living the American Dream, then why the need for crises centers? Then it dawned on me that centers like these existed for individual families such as mine who have lost all or part of that American Dream.
I’ve also just had an email from Privateer Press in the UK, who are sending up some items to be used in the event; so more details of that will follow soon. Hopefully, there will be other things on offer; but this is looking to be fantastic event.
Stop trying t engage me in astral sex! Okay, I gave in last night but I was weak from time travel and feeling nostalgic for the old days. I just don’t want that with you like that threesome in IBIS…it was fun while it lasted but times are different.
• Emotive concerns such as making new friends or missing family back home are among the biggest worries for expats when moving abroad. These worries were also more prevalent amongst female expats. Nearly half of female expats surveyed (48%) admitted concerns about re-establishing social life in their new country ahead of relocation, compared to only 37% of men. Meanwhile 44% of female expats shared concerns about missing friends and family, compared to less than one third (29%) of men.
Dinner - Family fun night!
The temporary work permit was fine for my London trip and my bro and his girlfriend and I had a blast. After they left Paris, my pal Kelsie arrived mid-November, so she and I got ourselves and her little daughter all bundled up and we made the trek by bus all the way to the OFII office at Bastille. We stood in line outside and froze to death, me with my lovely documents, including one timbre (stamp) worth 15 Euros and one worth 55 Euros. I don't know why they make you go to a Tabac (tobacco store) and buy stamps instead of accepting other forms of payment, but mine is not to reason why, mine is but to do or die (of alcohol poisoning).
Rich, college-educated, effete, sophisticated, “European”, Porter hardly fits the profile of the kind of theatrical artists I usually celebrate or even like. But if he wasn’t one of those Lower East Side, working class immigrant Tin Pan Alley types, or the son of a sharecropper, he certainly drew inspiration from their music and now eternally commands a place in that artistic lineage. And as for the future? Hip hoppers could learn a thing or two from his rhyming skills:
Before I knew it, it was time to go in the other room and get the tasting started. There were pretty girls to seat you and hand out drinks. There was a Master of Whisky who guided us thru the tasting. There was a short film to give us the history of Johnnie Walker. The Master of Whiskey set the tone for the night or should I say weekend. He wanted us to have fun and start our Friday night off right. There were two samples of Johnnie Walker Black Label. We nosed the scotch and was asked to name what we smelled. We tried it neat, with a little water, with ice. Johnnie Walker Red label, we tried with Ginger Ale and Orangetini. We got to try Johnnie Walker Gold Label chilled and the grand finale was that Blue Label. The Blue Label is so damn smooth. No need to drink, just sip. Ahhh!
Angry, terrified tears fell down the sides of her face as he started to count. One, two, three…
Trail Miles Hiked: 16.2
Then we headed to a place called Whippletree Junction--a quaint little town-like place with shops and guilds built from old buildings they have collected from all over Canada.
You have the score right here in front of you. As of yesterday afternoon, it was 15-0 in Israel's favor.
The confusion then of the Sedevacantist position with material and formal heresy does not lend any credence whatsoever to its arrogated juridical assertion that Pope John Paul II was a “heretic” and therefore had ceased to be a lawful visible head of the Church. Even on this point, Sedevacantists have no ground on which they could attempt to extricate themselves from being subjects of the reigning Roman Pontiff and still claim that they are Catholics. What more to negate – as by force of necessary logical conclusion of their publicly avowed position – the indefectibility of the Church through the Roman Pontiff which is a guarantee of the Divine Lord and Master!
By: Abdulkhalig Alhassan
I responded to the break-up melee message, asserting my understanding of the word loyalty. I’m loyal to people who respect and honor the dignity of life, and those who can handle emotion like adults without resorting to sandbox resolutions – pulling hair, kicking dirt on shoes, and destroying our toys. I’m loyal to actions and principles which are motivated by love. And yes, by survival too – within reason and reasonable context. For example, in parts of New Orleans after Hurricane Katrina, the options were steal or starve. If ever the exception is to become the rule, then the matter of survival, in my view, is a reasonable impetus.
Author Two: another extract from a novel, this time YA, so we will assume we know who the characters are, so we’re looking for how well it reads and how well the author shows it, creates tension and place …
Shanghai has a modern subway system, too, but a lot of people get around on two- and three wheeled motorcycles, mopeds, bicycles, and electric scooters. On most wider boulevards, these vehicles have their own dedicated lane. Tradespeople pile them high with vegetables or building materials.
Prayer is the Christian’s vital breath,
Article 18
Why did the TV turn off?
It is emotionally and physically draining. It is overwhelming. Talk about an emotional roller coaster BUT you get to have huge breakthroughs and those wonderful light bulb moments, start really understanding and accepting and loving yourself. It is amazing and quite euphoric at times too!
Well my birthday drinks went very well. Despite not a lot of people turning up, I was on top form and had a great time with those who came along. The venue was fabulous, with cabaret girls and fire-eaters, and the music was good. Mr Double-Barrel also came along with his best friend, which was nice. Everyone seemed to like him and he held his own. Given that our date was two weeks ago, I had started to think that maybe he just wasn’t interested anymore.
At the certain risk of repeating myself (what's this, paid magpie logo project number four for me now... total number of enquiries for magpie logos must be around eight or nine... I've really lost track now...) here is my latest magpie logo design This feathered fellow is for a publisher in the Netherlands. I really don't know what manner of 'corvid zeitgeist' I've been fortunate enough to tap into...?! Mustn't grumble of course.
In the romantic story of lambic brewing, you always hear about the pastoral Zenne Valley, laden with fruit trees and farmers smilingly working the fields. My mind conjured a kind of rural preserve where the wild yeasts were pristine and untroubled by modern life. Wrong. Cantillon is in the city of Brussels (it's called a "suburb," though to American eyes this is a bizarre characterization--the city sprawls unending for miles and miles, and Cantillon is in the middle of a gritty urban tableau.) The wild yeasts have definitely been slumming with some street-wise elements, from which I conclude that it's not mandatory to have untrammeled rural wonderland to make lambic--potentially good news for Americans willing to risk experimenting with spontaneous fermentation.
Accommodation: 5 nights paid by my company, then we found budget apartment rentals for our nights in London & Paris. $550 for 5 nights.
My dilemma now is whether to finish writing this official resignation letter to be forwarded to his direct boss and corporate headquarters detailing ALL of the straws that broke this particular camel's back, and slap him in the face with it, which is guaranteed to cause a scene, or simply go in, verbally give my two week's notice, citing the note posting and other reasons, in private, minimizing hullabaloo and sending my letter to corporate detailing what I feel to be his failures as a manager quietly.
Now, here's the thing. I can't clean puke. Not mine, not my kids', no one's. I can't do it. Not, "I don't like to do it" but "I CAN'T do it!" The mere thought of it, makes me vomit. So, I did what any other normal person would do. I shut the shower door, taped a sign to it saying, "Do not use", and went back to bed. It's ok. We have another shower. If anyone ever barfs in that shower, we'll just move to another house. That's my plan and I'm sticking to it.
This video adult romance ebook synopsis, is presented by Laura Meets Jeffrey, a brand new romance adult ebook featuring the love and romance exploits of Laura and Jeffrey during the high flying late ’70s and early ’80s.
Leauxra loves this time of year because it makes her sounds like Sméagol, precious, and we loves it.
Emi is a writer, and a good one at that. She's been doing writing "role-playing", where two authors collaborate online to create a story, scene by scene, since she was something like 10 years old, and thus has written hundreds of thousands of words of fiction. That's her main form of writing, but she also occasionally writes non-fiction in the form of really good responses in online debates and discussions, has recently developed a love of poetry, especially haiku, and has turned out a couple of haiku that I really like, though she's more critical of them (unsurprisingly). She also tackled NaNoWriMo this year, and finished victorious on November 29th (one day before the deadline!) with 50,014 words.
But I who am bound by my mirror
And I can very clearly say, I am not in the market for a shiny new baby.
Whisk wet ingredients together in a bowl:
You’ll never reach it,
Here are some of my quick take-aways from the conference thus far:
One day, I began to look back over my life and the numerous dead-end relationships from my past. In each situation, romance had started out with a bang but fizzled under the weight of performance-based love. No matter who I met, either I was too demanding or she couldn’t accept me for who I was.
MGM and a number of other copyright holders brought an action for secondary copyright infringement against Grokster. The Court of Appeals of the Ninth Circuit granted summary judgment in Grokster’s favour, finding no arguable case of secondary infringement. While there was no doubt that users of the network were infringing, it was found that Grokster did not infringe, based on the Sony v Universal Studios case. In Sony the makers of Betamax video recorders were found not to have secondarily infringed because their machines could be used for non-infringing purposes and so did not lead to secondary infringement unless its maker knew of specific instances of infringement and failed to act on that knowledge.
Having said that, I have learned through the school of 'Cruskits for lunchboxes' that meal planning is essential. I do a weekly shop, including stuff for lunches, and top up with fruit and bits and pieces as the week progresses (which is to say that I'm still at the supermarket every second day but it's only for small items). But there's great value in arriving home after Little Ninjas or swimming or whatever and knowing the 'fixings' for a meal are at hand.
AND, when I have a few cards planned, I use a single sheet of paper to the maximum. :)
Jeffery seemed to have poured so much imagination and thought into the novel’s first half that the all-important second half was bereft of invention. The characters journey far from Earth only to land on a planet that is populated by humans who wield swords and live in what are too much like villages, castles and fortresses. After the inventiveness of the first half of the novel this was extremely disappointing. Also disappointing to me were the characters who journey along with ‘Peter’ – the focus is so intense on ‘Peter’ that the two very important characters (those linked to him) didn’t have much that made them really come to life. They could have been used much more effectively as contrasts to ‘Peter’ but I felt there just wasn’t enough ‘meat on their bones’ to pull this off.
In the afternoon the snow was even greyer and fell in flocks and stuck to the window-panes and then slid down and new flocks appeared out of the twilight and replaced them. They were like grey hands with a hundred fingers. I tried to watch one all the way as it fell, it spread out and fell, faster and faster. I stared at the next one and the next one and in the end my eyes began to hurt and I got scared.
The last half of the course is essentially a series of rolling hills and winding curves. Despite a chilly head wind the first half, I picked up a slight tail wind about Mile 16 through Mile 19. That — and boost of Gu energy — enabled me to cruise through Mile 21. Mostly, I handled the course, well, but at Mile 21 the course has vicious rolling curves with a sharp camber. (Imagine running on a sloping roof for about two miles with achy legs.)
“Steven would like to give y’all a tour of the town. Are you game?” I asked.
275. Seasoned Fries @ Civera’s (Drexel Hill, PA) 1:06 p.m.
I doubt myself as a short story writer, as a novel writer, as a writer of anything anyone would care to read. I am doubting if I want to try to find a small press publisher for the novel I’m going to get comments about. I’m doubting if I should go through the effort of releasing anything as an e-published work. I am doubting my story telling ability and the quality of the tales themselves. In short – in case you hadn’t picked up on it – I’m doubting sitting in front of a word processor and pulling up anything.
The album - which follows the Chicago-based band's acclaimed 2010 debut, Perch Patchwork - was recorded last year in a series of week-long sessions at Omaha's ARC Studios with producer Jason Cupp (Nurses, Good Old War) once again behind the board.
I have purchased two sets of Color Club nail polish from Winners and I have been extremely happy with the quality. It costs $12.99 for 7 polishes. (less than $2 each!) This was half of the Back to Boho collection and as I wear each colour I'll post on the ones I like best.
I'm not sure if anyone checks those things, but I'll bet that my friends occasionally get messages saying that “Will Likes Family Guy, would you like to become a fan?” Hey, no problem. But if I Liked Weezer because it popped up, and I had just been grooving on Buddy Holly, my friends might think that I was into garage band college music, and this simply isn't the case. Seriously, if you're not gonna turn it up and call it Rock, great! Or, lighten it up and call it Jazz. Either option is great, but the middle ground loses what's great about both. But I digress...
