3pm: Grocery shopping
Then I usually end up sitting on Facebook or Babycenter.
We took baskets around church today piled high with strawberry and caramel creme eggs to give to people. Ashlan had to come to terms with the idea of giving the eggs away, as she initially thought they were all for her!!
Next I layer on my Y28. Pay close attention to shadows- these coins are small and close to the ground, so they get crisp but light shadows. Also, metal is reflective and leaves very crisp changes between light and dark, so my shadows on the back coin are crisp.
For my card, I used the TSG stamp set called Thinking of You. The sketch was inspired by this week's Retro Sketches Challenge #11. Please see the end of my post for details on all the supplies.
Or do you want to embroider onto clothing, for this one you will need to be able to sew or have a piece of clothing that you can sew onto or an embroidered piece of fabric that you can sew onto your piece of clothing. The really important thing about this is that you are bringing your art out into the street, and lets start thinking about our embroidery as our art, so put some thought into it, cos remember art is about ideas.
Can all thy woes remove;
“But we didn’t do anything,” says Jae. “He hit us.”
Colors and styles
Gullotine/Craft Knife/Ruler.
I’d be willing to bet that there was a female around close by, probably on her nest, but I didn’t go looking for her.
We keep hearing how it is too expensive to track them down and deport them. But as we see in the video report above, how expensive is it to continue ignoring the problem and work to entice even more of them to enter illegally?
But as we say goodbye to summer and the growing seasons, The cold weather crops are in for Octobers harvest. We will have radishes,lettuce,arugula,spinach,and Swiss Chard. Maybe that will give us a taste of spring again before we put the garden to rest for the year.
The matter was postponed to May 10. Both accused are facing four charges: murder, housebreaking with intent, crimen injuria and attempted robbery.
Well, be prepared to be jealous!
I don’t really have an answer. I’ve heard it said that the atmosphere of French cinema is one of a sort of lazy, baked-in misogyny. But I don’t know if that’s accurate or furthermore if it applies to the directors and time presented in these movies. I do know that outside of this, these movies have some of my favorite actresses of all time doing some of the greatest roles in all of film, so I’d hesitate to lambaste the whole thing as a bunch of dimwitted male interpretations of the emerging concepts of feminism. But at the same time, I think casually saying it’s all fine and okay is also weird.
Once again, I make it on time… And with the promised amount of pages too!! Eventually I'll be writing a post about the Red Box and stuff but I never get a second… So until I do find a second… You can keep reading it here and expect new pages every week!! With no further delay… Your weekly Wednesday RB pages… These 3 pages down here are the last from chapter 4.
Because you see, a long time ago there was a horrible iron monster that lived in the street. It was probably just a few inches too high for it’s own good. Heavy cast iron, with holes for its eyes. And I’m sure it must have weighed well over a hundred pounds, and took more than one man to move.
Mentally, I need Rocky at this time of the year. It keeps me sharp by not letting me be a total slacker, when there are so many excuses and reasons to become a slacker in Wintertime. Reasons such as the holidays and all that of the excess and baggage they bring with them, the height of football season and other diversions, and the sometimes cruel Midwest Winter weather, which might make you think twice before leaving your warm home to go for a 5-hour training run.
Related articles and Websites:
“We shut him off and called up the professor of biology, and he said that all he knew was that it was close to Aus – - .
The appointment of Perez as Assistant Attorney General was praised by the black racist pressure group NAACP, who are clearly confident that he will do their bidding, however, they can be equally confident that this most radical of US administrations in history, do not have the shrinking white majority's interests at heart.
I came up with the idea of sachet bags with ties on the sides. Enjoy....
Did you see the movie Beer Wars? One of the main characters from the movie was Rhonda Kallman (formerly of Boston Beer Company). She is the founder and CEO of New Century Brewing Company. her beer, "Moonshot" was part of the focus of the movie. Now, I anticipate she's going to be out of business.
The Lord’s Rod of discipline in our lives is often followed by His loving mercy and grace; a divine gentleness.
CREDENZA
* Assistant Warehouse Manager
Yeah, it was a libertarian paradise all right — with a top marginal tax rate of 91 percent, a third of the work force in unions, and a minimum wage much higher relative to the average wage than it is today.
The other photo is of the entire Kit, that includes the Shockmount, cable, power supply, and a case thats not shown.
We've been quiet for awhile now, just taking a break from the craft fairs and working on some personal projects of our own. But now it's time to stir things up and have a little fun! And what better way to do it then to put out a Home Improvement Challenge for all of you.
Apparently, America’s job creators are under-taxed. At least that’s the word from Uncle Ben, who relays this note from his Beltway corporate tax guru.
Jerry’s spent his entire career working on a top-secret Federal project transforming solid mass into a gaseous form. Stress is on the top of his list, considering he hasn’t much luck in the scientific aspect of the experience. When he hears the whispers of an ancient Cherokee legend about a strange blue mist, he dashes off to Oklahoma to investigate.
ps: I just discovered this website that flashes through blogs to promote them, a creative endeavor all free by one person. It’s called http://alphainventions.com/ It never fails to amaze me the sense of community and helping that so much of the internet is based upon… a large village supporting each other.
Agent Green scrunches up her face as if to say, “What a loser.”
Now is the time to accessorize if you want. Handsew buttons for eyes, add ribbon, anything you can think of! Put glue on back of design and press onto notecard. I put into a large book to dry so it will stay flat. When it's dry you can add glue and glitter like I do on my cupcakes.
A Fun Guy To Be With
Some of my super-dee-duper lovebugs (a/k/a Ladybugs) sent me a surprise today - talk about knowing how to brighten up a girl's world! I love these girls so much; they are just so very special to me!
Strawberry jelly (for garnish)
For each person who does not submit a page for a day, I will draw the page for you, on toilet paper, and it will consist of a stick figure revealing a secret about yourself.
As an introverted person, it is very hard to listen to nonstop talking like this without any kind of break to recharge. Last night Jon ran some errands while I put the boys to bed. Nate would.not.stop.talking. TOOTHBRUSH IN MOUTH and he still couldn't stop talking.
"I'm quite a way through the first part, the part seen through the eyes of Bob, the waiter at a London pub who falls in love with a 'beautiful' young prostitute, Jenny. He gives her money, not for sex, but because every time he meets her she seems to need money for rent or for a dress for a job interview, etc. He knows she's using him but he's so besotted with her that he cannot give her up even though the more he finds out about her the less he likes her. It is an autobiographical novel as the novelist, whose name currently escapes me, fell in love with a prostitue himself in his twenties and started to drink heavily. The second part of the trilogy is written from the point of view of Jenny and the third is about Ella, a 'plain' barmaid who works with Bob and seems to be in love with him. Even though the book is very much about sexual infatuation there is no actual sex in the book, purely chaste kisses between the protagonists, though of course what Jenny gets up to when apart from Bob, God only knows, and for the purposes of this job interview I think I should leave it at that."
He shuffled away quickly picking up objects, sweeping away papers.
I lie as still as possible , least I disturb your silence and it moves away just as you have. I don’t even dare to breathe.
1 record
And though unemployed may be I
What do you personally believe the future of music distribution will look like?
“He says… “I Should Surely Kill You All”" replies Sir Elm.
I shall not speculate on the likely policies of the second Yeti administration, although the abolition of VAT on hair-removal products, nail-clippers and extra-strong mints is a fair bet.
So, now is time to get back on track and try to get our eating habits on a healthier route. This week's menu will be simple, and full of dishes that we love. My girlfriend is due for dinner on Wed, so I will treat her to one of our favourites- Shrimp Creole, from Skinny Taste. The rest of the week will be busy with school and appointments, so I will try and keep the meals simple, healthy and delicious.
In a deep pan heat the berries and all the sugar slowly, covered. Take care not to scorch. Once they start to exhude juice cook them gently for another another five minutes and then drain, reserving the syrup. Once the berries have cooled fill the pie with them, drizzle 2 Tbsp of syrup over them, cover and bake as above.
I should never be left alone with my mind for too long. - Libba Bray
“Alright, Harold. I’ll call her. I am certain she’d be glad to meet you.”
The point I am making is that when money is involved, 9 of 10 times the final slot is going to Oklahoma, Texas or USC. That’s just revenue. We don’t have details yet, but I am of the mind that the polls are rigged and that things work out the way the money goes. Every time.
1 attached
I will be at Chelsea Art Fair, Chelsea Old Town Hall, Kings Road, London SW3 5EE. On Stand 35. Friday 20th April - Sunday 22nd April. There is a Preview on Thursday 19th April, 4pm - 9pm (invitation only).
1500 16th Street
Will share more findings from Pakistan soon, for now I’m busy holding on to the thought of 34 C temperatures while looking out the window at the chilly UK rain.
When Toby and I were researching cat products, one of the most popular and innovative ones that kept popping up was the Litterlocker (or Littergenie) and its the same concept as the Diapergenie (those of you who have kids, know someone with kids or have gone to baby showers know about this!). It’s a trash for your litter except only litter (cat urine and feces) goes in it. It’s kind of disgusting to talk about and read but it’s a cool product! So like I said you open the lid, put your stuff in, slide open the plastic partition, the stuff falls to the bag at the bottom and when the bag is full, you open the bottom half, use the cutter, tie off the bag and throw it away. The bag is one long cylinder of plastic so you tie a knot at the bottom and presto! Another bag!
What’s one change you can make for the better?
Tuesday we came back to Norway after some shopping and sightseeing. I think Grant got back without having to go to Milan this time, and Rich and I had an uneventful flight except for a whining child that had the MOST annoying voice I have EVER heard. The kid was about two years old and a bit too old to act the way he was, but his mother completely ignored him and he whined and whined and WHINED in this wierdly timbered voice that sounded like buzzing bees and nails on chalkboards all at once, until you could see everyone sitting near him shifting in discomfort. The plane landed and we all buggered off but FAST, just to get away from that horrible kid. Usually I feel sorry for moms having to travel with testy kids, but this mom did not give a crap and just ignored the little bugger....which sort of exacerbated the problem.
That which is to be done every year,
Throughout the region, individual federal agencies have made substantial investments in long-term efforts to promote sustainable agriculture, water management, soil conservation and the protection and restoration of wetlands, grasslands, and wildlife habitat. For example, in 2011 USFWS, NRCS and conservation partners invested $21.4 million for grassland restoration and migratory bird habitat protection in North and South Dakota. In the dryland working lands of the Northwestern Plains, BLM has invested $1 million to complete a landscape ecosystem assessment. And in Nebraska’s Rainwater Basin, NRCS and USFWS invest approximately $2 million annually in the Rainwater Basin Joint Venture partnership to deliver wetland and grassland conservation projects to support water management and key avian species dependent on this region.
(Note, yardages and suggestions given are for a 4-block-wide quilt row. I made my quilt six blocks wide, just because (it worked better for fat quarters). If you'd like yardage for a larger quilt, feel free to ask!)
In the middle of the night when you’re awake,
Laboratory tests to rule the reproductive organs are also needed. Among other things, pap smear (if a woman is sexually active), uterus, and the status of immunity against diseases (rubella, toxoplasmosis). There is also examination of old jik egg cells in inquire are considered infertile couples (difficult to have children). The cause of infertility is caused by man’s 45 percent and 55 percent by women. examination by ultrasound (Ultra Sonography) to see whether a woman suffering from cysts, myomas, tumor, or whitish. If there is any abnormality or infection to be cleared first because it can disturb the process of pregnancy.
Loss of electricity would be no fun, but living frugally and growing up with Amish grandparents has provided me with the means to survive should the power go out indefinitely. I feel pretty comfortable in this regard. Sure it’ll be hotter than Hades here in the summer should that happen, but already we do without air conditioning except for sleeping during the hottest parts of summer. We use very little electricity during the day. I know how to start a fire to cook. I can handle a cold bath. So of all the possibilities for catastrophe, this one seems the least worrisome to me.
They were quenched like a fire of thorns;
The growing reluctance to drink a drop before driving is a major cause of pub closures
1990?
Today marks Ally's 3rd birthday in this amazing world we live. And what a year it has been with our tornado Ally. I am trying to remember when we started calling her Tornado Ally. I think it was around when she started walking. She really has taken this name seriously.
Speaking of comedy, my writing workshop started last night, and I think it's going to be good. I think I'm going to write the great American memoir/novel/screenplay and earn jillions and jillions of dollars!! (Cue laughter. See? COMEDY!!) But seriously, the only reason I'm really taking this is to have an excuse (and dedicated time) to exercise my writing muscle. Who knows what (if anything) will actually come out of it. But I will say this: If you don't know Spike Gillespie, you should. She's pretty fucking cool.
The Bible Activity Book provides activities to do with your Kindergartner (although Preschool-7 years would enjoy these). I purchased this book new for $10.75 and we just haven’t really made use of it. I think because they both wanted to do the sheet we just never really made use of it well….but we did try the first several lessons. However, there are still 100 pages left! There is coloring, matching, finding objects, practice following directions, which came first, dot-to-dot, mazes, etc. A good reinforcement for the hands on learner.
So what if I’d rather marry a woman
Hugs and Good Luck to you all!
1. I grew up in Florida, but moved north to be with my hubby. He was worth it. ;)
Agent John Loughlin of California Fish and Wildlife, leading a pre-dawn, guns-drawn raid on friends of Ted Nugent, holding up a pair of brass knuckles he found, and telling the gunsmith homeowner, "Help us get Nugent and these felony brass knuckles will go away".
It's a funny story. And when I say "funny," what I mean is that it will probably be funny to you. Me, not so much. Also, before we go further you should know that yes, I was as weird and socially backward as she describes. Let nothing I write be a denial of that. Stipulated.
Up the creeks we will hie,
Apart from revising, I also fit in seeing Hunger Games – good – Avengers – great – revising in the park (lots of) – probably the best place to revise – some ice-creams – delicious – a prayer meeting for Strace Ta Rue, a “camp d’évangelisation” that’s putting on street shows in Strasbourg the first week of July… and since exams finished, chatting, splashing in the water, and reading some Kazuo Ishiguro on the beach.
Play Fair
After losing interest in the naked egg, she looked up at Lynnette and I and uttered her catchphrase. “Where do you want to go?” I asked. She looked around at the rest of the shops in the building. Her eyes found the Baskin Robbins. She smiled. “I think there’s some place ober dere,” she said, pointing – not at the ice cream parlor – but in the general direction of the wing of the building it was situated in. “Oh, is there?” I asked. “We should go look,” she said.
‘Prodigal’ is an adjective referring to reckless or wasteful extravagance, especially of money.
Live a balanced life -
Lookups spiked on May 8, 2012.
"the place is huge" she agrees, so I propose
I got home, put the present on the couch, and waited on him to find it. It didn't take too long, and he said "babe, what's this present for?" I said, "it's for you. I need you to open it!" And so, he begins to open it, and laugh, and tear up, and then hugs me! My camera battery died, so I have no pictures of this! But we shared a moment together - both still in complete shock!
Second a lid folded box also for chocolate.
- In a large bowl, using an electric mixer, beat margarine and sugar until light and fluffy.
The idea of owning your own island is probably a remote fantasy these days, especially after three years of economic carnage to your bank account, savings, and retirement portfolio. ut come on. It's August. Maybe you're on budget vacation, at the beach, or at a bayfront or lakefront rental. So who hasn't gazed out at an island from the shore, and wondered what it would be like to own your own kingdom, tethered to civilization only by water or air? Think Robinson Crusoe. Sir Richard Branson, Johnny Depp, and Celine Dion all own their own islands.
Was it the 100+ degree temperatures?
And,...being helpless and useless and homesick.
I'd like to go to church. (This was a resolution last year and I kick myself regularly over this one. I hate finding a church though. I hate the whole process!)
You are going to do it one day aren’t you? Why deprive charities that are so cash-strapped of a donation that costs you nothing at all?
Review: I was very surprised with this one. I finished the first book in this series and I enjoyed it. I did notice that the end of book one didn't match up with book two. At the end of book one, its said that Audra and Darius became pregnant and over time ended up with three kids. In Centauri Twilight, the couple were pregnant with their first baby through the entire book.
I will post a few highlights from the camping site so your brain, too, can bask in the eye candy.
2 colors or prints of fabric
It was with a sense of wonder, then, that I found myself chatting on the phone last Friday to the delightful Robert Englund, a.k.a. Old Knife-Fingers himself: Mr Freddy Kreuger. Allow me a moment to hop around in glee! He didn’t stick his tongue down the line and rasp, “I’m your boyfriend, now, Nancy…,” but it was an exciting experience nonetheless.
Life is full of challenges. One after the other.
I did it in the food processor
My normally sleepy baby is not so sleepy right now. After sleeping for 6 straight hours, instead of going back to sleep as usual, she's all smiles and giggles. So while the rest of the world is fast asleep, we're having a little play time.
I have been a fan of baseball for many years. I started following it or not playing video games. I had no idea what baseball was, the rules, the complex dynamic of one of the most wonderful sports ever. Neither to say I got hooked. Then, I visited for the first time a baseball game. Florida Marlins against Colorado Rookies. The score 7-2. My life will never be the same. Baseball was in my DNA and it will be forever. The chemistry of the 2003 team was unique. The hugs, the smiles, the camaraderie. Then, you know what happened next…many years of drought , or pretty much not major performances by our players. Then, 2012. Marlins Park. Miami Marlins. New Uniform, new Ballpark, or better to say our first Ballpark. The Home Run sculpture. The “Lo Viste sign. The “Shhh” sign. New coach, new and older players. Miami Marlins Chemistry to the greatest expression.
I watched a lovely sunset while eating some MOD ravioli – a gift from a serviceman friend, not light but delicious! Cooking in the lee of the stone ‘wall’ was manageable, although my Caldera’s alcohol stove did blow out on a couple of occasions… the first time this has happened in use. I tried, in vain, to capture the scene using my camera phone having left my old compact at home.
A young woman explained to me: “It heightens the music, makes it more epic.” In common with others it helps them to dance longer, but the important effect is that “It fills you full of love towards those around you, if a girl is being sick in the toilets you pull her hair back for her. I have only seen two fights in eight years of clubbing.” She compared this with aggressive pubs when people are drunk and violent fights ensue. It is a response to the betrayal of the needs of our young people by our Christian leaders and has fuelled artificial communities and the illusion of transcendence through drugs.
Other than that nothing much is going on. I need to work on my pictures, get them all up on flickr but for now I will just go paint my toenails!
Qatar Emir, Sheikh of the pigs, Khalifa Al-Thani, ordered to kill all the putschists immediately.
But I couldn't stay away, I couldn't fight it.
Bridie, a flower vendor on Grafton Street says that she doesn’t see as many women in their pyjamas as she used to. In fact, according to Bride I’m the first person she has seen going down this famous street in their pyjamas; as the statue of Phil Lynott looks on, my chest swells somewhat at the thought.
The parade was scheduled to start at 1pm but started at “Greek time” as one parade participant gaily yelled out to the waiting crowds, and the parade started a little after 2pm. Fifth Avenue sidewalks were packed with onlookers, large families screaming out to friends and family in the parade, and an exuberant chatter of Greek all around.
when they quietly got up and began playing mommy and baby.
James Fenimore Cooper:
And it was hit pretty hard by a huge Tsunami. Unfortunately for the locals, a lot of the resources were diverted or sent to Sendai leaving Hach short. Most Japanese people live in pretty tight quarters and don't have excess food storage, so not being able to shop frequently is a problem. And apparently the grocery stores are now empty.
The cake is not really sweet (for my liking at least) so it would pair really well with some ice cream. A ganache frosting would also be sufficient
maybe except filo pastry soaked in nuts and honey so where did it come from this
I haven't done any more work on my equine piece but here's another one that I completed just before Christmas that I'm particularly pleased with:
DRIVING
BlackBerry OS. Market adoption will remain fairly flat over the forecast period, increasing just slightly, as the company faces stiff competition.
“So long as you don’t start calling me Daddy,” I grumbled.
My lips make their way on their downward journey; I lick them as they reach their destination. Seeing you like this is sublime, I almost don’t know where to start, but make the obvious move and make our eyes meet, then drag them down as I look up to you, taking your entirety in my mouth. I wrap my tongue around you then suck slowly as I pull up. I focus on the tip of you, circling my tongue around you and licking you gently, I’m loving every piece of you, I can’t get enough. I drip saliva from my mouth and spread it around the head, then using my lips I move it down to your full length, groaning as I do so.
The TC project was a real joy for me, it was exciting to receive all the new journals each month and get to know everyone in the project who became dear friends still to this day. I had the honor to have all the journals at our art center during a book art exhibition I put together which is still archived online here.
Work has been rough for me, so I came home and promptly fell asleep. I awoke, hearing my son puking his guts out in his bathroom. B was supposed to taper off methadone this month. However, he talked to the clinic director, and they have mutually decided to postpone this decision. B was feeling ill, and he's not ready. B ran out of gas, today, so his missed his appointment to meet with the doctor (at the methadone clinic). They were going to bump up his dose a bit and then come up with a new plan. It broke my heart, to see him this way. I hate that poison that's in his body. I am reminded of my son's days of withdrawals, he was so sick. Basically, he was in withdrawals today-- not horrible. B will be at the clinic at 6:00am, but he's not feeling well tonight.
By Nasir Ahmad El-Rufai
Pushing limits, but also making sure that she has the necessary strength and understands what I want.
Tan marbel card
We continued up 5th Avenue from there. I did a little shopping on the street, we went to Bergdorf's where a cute, sparkly, cat handbag cost only $4,500. We went into Trump Tower and FAO Schwarz. We continued back around to Times Square and ended our day together by eating at Ray's Pizza before he dropped me off at my hotel.
Howard is a Chief Economic Advisor to Obama under Franklin Raines.
S: St. Paul, MN ~ my husband taught at St. Thomas University for a year (in St. Paul, MN). It was a lovely year for us~an idyllic restorative time after the loss of our little daughter. Just what the doctor ordered.
How many days shall I stay here. I have to chill out tomorrow and stuff. Then perhaps move on by third night. It needs to be value for money. Maybe move the tent to a less bumpy plot or get a better under roll.
I skipped the first water station (in hindsight, possibly a mistake) and was hanging on to my 8:50ish pace. I was keeping the people I'd picked out in my sights and I felt, well, I guess I just felt okay. Just like my other two half marathons I felt kind of dizzy and not well-fueled. I still haven't figured out the perfect combination of foods to eat before a hard morning run.
Super. And that was when he was just an MP - imagine the Droit de seigneur he'll have as a Lord, eh? Lock up your daughters.
It's a week since the Fordham visit. What a nice time. Very nice to meet fellow homebrewer and touring a brewery is always interesting. I wish I had some beers ready for sampling, I am sure next time I will.
Most serious of all, Nifong conspired with the owner of a local laboratory to hide from the media, the court, and of course, the defence, the fact that although, as he did acknowledge, no DNA relating to any of the lacrosse players was found on the accuser, other DNA relating to at least five other unidentified males, not including her boyfriend, had been found in the woman's various body orifices and underwear.
The reason I don’t tolerate communist propaganda BS from brain-dead anti-white liberal hoodlums - even the English newspapers are publishing articles on the frequency of farm attacks and murders. Something they deliberately withheld in the past to limit international exposure. Only Afrikaans newspapers published regular articles on farm murders.
You are a real citizen of the world. Born in Trinidad, raised in Colombia, and educated in Boston, Atlanta, and Los Angeles. How have these different environments influenced you?
I love the concept of this novel. I’ve been a fan of Kelley Armstrong’s Women of the Otherworld series for a long time now and I have wondered what happens to the children when they don’t have someone incredible to introduce them into the magical and supernatural world. Those questions were answered in The Summoning.
How has Santa become such a force that when exposed for the lie that it is, rage ensues? That young girl’s simple statement showed me that in her mind, Santa is a god equal to Jesus. Has Santa become an American birthed religion?
and you will adhere
Step 5: Allow your child to glue the letter B to another sheet of construction paper. Meanwhile, cut out two triangles out of the black craft foam: One small triangle for the ear. Another larger triangle for the cape.
school; in addition, he earned the team’s Iron Hawk Award in 2011, and award given to a player who has given his all every play, for
quantify events–exp: how many mornings have I gone to work exactly?
Recently a talk given by members of the News and Letters Committee was pointed out to me, and I listened to it with much interest….
So, I'm sitting here in the lobby of the Red Lion at the Quay in Vancouver, WA, enjoying the amazing energy as the Life is Good Unschooling Conference gets underway. I've been here for 24 hours, and I am already overloaded with love, hugs, fun, engaging conversation, and the energy from the many inspirational relationships I see around me. These conferences are amazing; every time I go to one I bask in the love and respect and connections that I see, and I become convinced that the decision to unschool was the best decision I have ever made. Why? Because unschooling is about listening, and supporting, and understanding, and embracing, and letting go, and taking an active role in the life of your child. Many parents try to do this, not just unschoolers; but I think that families that have been unschooling for a while have a deeper understanding of these principles than other parents do.
President Kennedy agreed to go along with this after he found out that there was a group that was trying to very seriously get the Soviet Union and the United States to annihilate each other. This was the Cuban Missile Crisis.
"Oh, Chica, what is ya'll? It is just me, P. Anyway, you have come on good day, I am showing these P wannabes how to become a stud in the world of beauty and salon. Come sit here."
OU: I got this CD set way back in 2003. It was released under the title "The Day The Earth Stood Still". I have included some scans of the cover.
“To keep an eye out for people!” Emily explained. Her impatience at my slow-wittedness was poorly disguised. “In case the person who buried this stuff is watching to see if anyone finds it!”
Edited to add: Sadye tells her story with an incredible amount of honesty about her own insecurities, fears, and jealousies which is so refreshing; she is a likeable character who admits to bad and negative feelings. Very realistic.
Notes on Pennywell Folsom:
This week's Hambo Hoedown challenge is to use a tag.I didn't get to use this week's free image because I didn't participate in last week's challenge so I didn't get one.. sad face.
After not writing anything on this blog for over ten days, I figured I should let readers know I'll have no internet access for a week. Instead of at home, I'll be in an apartment in town with a group of friends, hanging out for what will hopefully be a very pleasant week.
And if you miss it, here are the other stops.
Brash, boastful, brattish, and supposedly cool.
The exhibit celebrates diversity and innovation in the workplace highlighted by a collection of human form sculptures created from reclaimed and found materials by artists with disabilities. Using re-purposed and recycled supplies demonstrates diversity and invites the viewer to consider innovative solutions.
But I'm stalled. There is something about telling this story in a public forum that makes me feel cheap, which in turn makes me feel like I'm belittling the situation. I feel like my part to play was personal, and any sort of pity party is seemingly inappropriate. Yes I was in the quake, yes I thought I was potentially not going to make it out of that situation. But I left 3 days later, no one I knew was hurt or killed, and I returned to my furnished and cozy apartment. I'll leave the fear mongering and sensationalism with CNN and try and internalize it differently. But it's hard.
I chose to sell items on both eBay and Craigslist. eBay offers a larger audience since you can ship to pretty much anywhere, where Craigslist is great for local pals. However, I also live in the middle of nowhere, so I feel slightly at a Craigslist disadvantage from that perspective. So, larger items that would cost oodles to ship go on Craigslist, smaller items hit eBay.
She will come when she is ready, my body can do this and it will be fine.
Ironically and unintentionally this post continues the theme of the last one….
Brian Backer – Mark Ratner
Carried Orders Since before end of day 12/31/2010, still outstanding as of end of day 01/31/2011
I went to examine a project site in my home town. The proposed site is in a residential area that was developed to attract potential home buyers with the money to build large homes. Somewhere during the development, a rather bright bureaucrat, or government official, decided to build low income apartments in the middle of the area. So, now the property values have plummeted, the area is developing the urban blight of closed businesses and anyone with the ability to leave is doing so like a scalded dog.
"Well, he's a new guy at that Hollywood place right beside the Mexican restaurant. He's from California or somewhere, I have no idea how he made it all the way to North Georgia but he sure has my hair lookin' good, don't you think?"
More retirement savings through CPP looks, to those who aren’t looking carefully, like more government. Bad, bad, bad. And what about Joe Lunchpail, scratching together a few cents to take a flyer on one of Bay Street’s speculative, high-fee mutual funds? Why, that looks like freedom.
He turned out my very best friend.
- The smell of infected feet
4) In McCain's case in particular, but generally as well, this sound-byte is obviously racist: focusing on Miranda rights links the "war on terror" to fear of immigrants and to the anti-immigrant Arizona law. As I say, in McCain's case this is just too obvious to be missed. The dog whistle has become a bullhorn.
If you're a YA PNR lover but your bored with the mediocrity of the genre's recent additions this will restore your faith. Brightest Kind of darkness is a well crafted paranormal romance with a refreshing and original plot, I couldn't get enough.
So he announced, “Okay, sir. Welcome to the Kingdom of Heaven,” and let him in.
Rob's parents stepped in and took Blake and Jensen for us so we could try to rest and today we're feeling weak, but better.
Still, making a new bed got me some exercise. An early tan. Bruises, cuts, gangrene, a nervous tic that makes me point at the ground in order to stretch my dirt-caked and contorted fingers. If this doesn't work out, I have 80 new square feet for either a trial bed or transplant bed for indoor seedlings (which are going tolerably well, about 75% germination).
It's for Bulmers of all people and I play the man who launches the frisbees so that people can have fun in the park during Summer. Don't ask. My character is called Steve. It was a fun shoot in Henley-on-Thames, in a massive field but I did get chronic hay fever and had to keep stuffing Vaseline up my nose. Costume was spectacular, a huge leather coat, bespoke top hat and antique racing goggles, topped off with a mustard polo neck that meant I nearly died in the infernal heat.
Who has done a themed Bridal Shower before?
I am pretty sure this was the best present Gigi got... she loves it when we come to Kerrville.
Forget about old Mr Ford and his well-known Model T,
This seems to have damaged the old lane’s drainage system. On Sunday morning after the bulldozer surgery the road drain protecting the junction had started flooding copiously.
Verdict:
OK, I'm back. This is several hours later, though you wouldn't know that, would you. :^) I was almost ready to load my photo and finish this up when I discovered something else not quite right with the design. So I redid a portion, and I hope this finally will be done. Please. Be done.
Other Products used was CTMH ink, stamp, cardstock, ribbon and shape for card was cut with my cricut. The Butterfly is one that I got from Lisa G., Small little roses both pink and green, also the other little flower and spray are all Sd's. How about some close ups?
The Expendables
You’ve said for ‘In Time To Voices’ that you’ve thrown out the rulebook. Is there a disjoint between the new record’s more intricate songs and the live show? Is it physically possible to recreate it?
Not only because sun was beautifully shining
If you have preschoolers, I encourage you to find other Moms to do a swap with. It is a great way to come home with a lot of different activities. And you only have to make one of them! We used Preschool in a Bag Book 1 and Book 2 for our swap.
I may be spending quite a bit of time in my craft room over the next few days - the weatherman is predicting snow tomorrow (schools here are going to be closed in anticipation) and since we are not set up to deal with snow here in the southern USA- we just huddle in and wait for it to go away!
Breathe, and enjoy.
an improved U.S.- Cuban relationship.
I was blessed to have a big chunk of uninterrupted time today and this prayer was answered very quickly. Have you ever spent time with God and he revealed something to you that you wanted to shout from a mountain, tell your best friend or hubby and yet you knew it was not the right time or maybe you would never tell anyone.
Kissing You- Des’ree- This is an incredibly well known song, particularly because it was used in the movie ‘Romeo & Juliet’. It’s a stunning version. Very emotional. It’s flawless. A fantastic ending to the album.
When, his impoverishing wealth, he flaunted.
In the morning I remembered that Dr. Dervaitis, my amazing OB was away this weekend. I had seen her that week and she jokingly said, now don’t go into Labor this weekend because we are away. Now, what you need to know is that she planned her vacations around my pregnancy, she wasn’t going anywhere so she could be there for us, and of course the one random weekend she decided to get away was when things started to happen. I really value her opinion and wanted to know what she would have done if she was there, so I emailed her and told her what was happening, hoping she would call and give me some much needed advice.
Businesses that have already filed and later find that they qualified in 2010 or 2011 can still claim the credit by filing an amended return for one or both years.
5) Rocket launches, South Korea shoots it down
If you weren’t able to join us this month, it is never to late to set up your 5 folders and start your own files! Just go back to this post to get started! You’ll be glad you did!
Water, although it is non-caloric, has mass and has a weight. A pint a pound is the old saying. A gallon of water weighs 8 whopping pounds! And we should all be drinking about a gallon of water a day. Don’t stop drinking your water. Trust me, the more water you drink, the more it WILL flush out of your system and keep things running smoothly. After a good work out, I have already sat and drank almost a half gallon of water… just don’t weigh yourself after you do that. It’s so misleading to your success.
Mr. LOUGH asked the Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs whether he can now inform the House what was the precise claim put forward by Russia at the recent meeting of the Brussels Sugar Convention; what decision was arrived at; what action the British representatives took with regard to it; when he hopes to be able to lay Papers on the subject; and what is the earliest date at which it is possible for His Majesty's Government to withdraw from the Convention?
However, we've become concerned by the way The Write Agenda's venom seems to be spilling beyond the "watchdogs" and into the wider writing and publishing community. TWA's rapidly growing "boycott list" now includes many writers who have nothing at all to do with Writer Beware or WB's activities; one writer is on the list for nothing more than the crime of having Victoria as a guest on her radio show (she blogged about TWA's attempts to hijack the interview even as it was being conducted); others are included, apparently, simply because they're SFWA members. Recently, TWA posted hundreds of one-star reviews of "boycott" authors' books on Goodreads (see #3 on the Screenshots page for an example); these reviews were flagged by Goodreads as spam and removed, but not before they prompted some angry responses by targeted authors.
This week my theme has been inadequacy. I've been chock full, bursting at the seams, with self-deprecating thoughts and feelings. In fact, sometimes my seams did burst. Into tears. Big ones. Dripping-off-your-chin kind of tears. It hasn't been pretty.
What I like best here is we have a MUCH clearer sense of voice now. Read the first version. Then read this. You'll see.
Heat Oil and add the mustard seeds, cumin and chillies.
Thank God that finally healed.
A successful group of celebrity chef restaurants should each be worth flying across the country to visit. As it stands now I get the feeling that if you’ve eaten at one, you’ve eaten at them all.
But Taliban spokesman Zabiullah Mujahid disputed the president’s comment about reconciliation: Wednesday’s attack in Kabul “was a message to Obama that those are not real Afghans that are signing documents about this country,” Mujahid said. “The real Afghan nation are those people that are not letting foreign invaders stay in this country or disrespect the dignity of our country.”
When John F. Kennedy ran for office, the question was whether his being Catholic would play a role in whether he could be elected. He put that question to rest. Obama had to sever his ties with Rev. Wright in order to seek and win election.
Stefan’s demeanor is frightening and he even admits to murder. Stefan has one request of William, and that is to read the journals of the vampire priest. William struggles to believe Stefan’s promise to keep him safe as he pours over the journals, and comes to grips with the reality of the supernatural world.
Until the principal threatened Saturday school.
Until yesterday. When the New York Observer published “The Crimes of Mister Rogers: He Meow-Meow Lied to Us Meow.” Ostensibly a review of the PBS documentary, Mister Rogers & Me, Aaron Gell decides to not only tear into the documentary, but that it is high time somebody finally called out Fred Rogers for the irreparable harm he did to millions of Americans by exposing them to the negative impact television has had over the last five decades.
Who says you can’t go home?
People running for cover bump into us and vague excuses brush our ears. Daniel steadies us, taking the hits. Nothing matters, only that he holds me and that I hold him.
Ask me now, and I wouldn’t change a single thing.
Every bill is charging you too much for no reason.
This week Party Time Tuesdays is looking for a summer birthday card. I thought Fleur Anya would be perfect for the occasion! I stamped the backgrouund paper myself using a new SU! set and inks. The embossing folder I used on the white card stock is also from SU! as is the sentiment!! I just love Party Time Tuesdays... it has helped me grow my stash of birthday cards and you know those always come in handy!
I have found bread by the sea
The Guppster will be tried out in Mexico over the next few days where we hope to find some Lantern fish and then we hope any final modifications will be made to enable it to be used in the Atlantic over the summer.
One of the significant pages that i read:
Seriously. My pores practically disappeared, and you could eat off of those goddamn coils.
"Just ask Mum."
The stew should be cooking at a low boil on low heat to finish the dish.
* Very low in calories, low in fat and contains NO cholesterol
But I’m also of the belief that it’s not just weight that’s an indicator of weight loss. It’s also just how you look and feel, fit in your clothes etc. And there has definitely been an improvement on that one.
Since then the world and his corporate wife have jumped on the shirt sponsorship bandwagon in a desperate attempt to connect with the man on the terraces and the man in front of his telly permanently tuned in to Sky Sports. Often with mixed results. Does anyone really drink Chang Beer? Have they spent all their cash sponsoring Everton instead of actually distributing the product in bars, restaurants and supermarkets where people might actually be tempted to buy it?
So saying they set out on their journey. The owls flew ahead showing them the way. The owls took them to the mouth of a cave. The cave was too narrow for them to enter. But there was no need to worry. The brothers were powerful magicians and they had the power to transform into any animal of their choice. One Hunaphu transformed into a rat and burrowed his way into the cave. Once he was on the other side Seven Hunaphu called from the other side, “Brother One Hunaphu, show thy true self. For you are not a rat but the most powerful wizard!” And One Hunaphu immediately transformed into his human form on the other side. It was now Seven Hunaphu’s turn to enter the cave.
From the SNOW PEOPLE collection by Darling & Company, Seattle, WA.
Natalie, I’m doing another marathon Sunday!
Laurie – Daniel Johnston
As my son became more involved in his imaginary play, and my purpose of snapping all the planets together had withered away, I decided to catch up on my email, Twitter and Facebook on my iPhone.
www.collisiondetection.net
Anything as long as it involves beads! Any technique is accepted, from beadweaving and stringing to wire work and bead embroidery. Lampworkers and polymer clay artists are also welcome to submit beads they've made. I'm sorry but any entries that do not include beads in some form or another will not be accepted. Your entry must be made especially for the challenge, please do not submit something that was made before May 1st 2012.
In 1989, Charles Stuart killed his pregnant wife on the way home from a childbirth class, blamed a (nonexistent) black assailant, and then, when his story fell apart, jumped off a bridge to his death before he could be arrested. But here's how the Globe (and a number of other news sources) described Matthew Stuart's role:
Floodfill with your color choice from your tube
1 Cup half & half
On Fridays I like to share some of my weekly “finds”. These might include great deals I’ve come across, thrift finds, design or diy inspiration, roadside rescues, or random cool things that just don’t fit into any category, but I’m dying to share with you!
Anyway, she loved the cupcakes! Owls are so popular right now, and she's into them. They weren't difficult to make at all. A little time-consuming, but once I got all the components ready, I worked on them in an assembly-line fashion.
"The Subcommittee has raised the concern of a potential risk of loss of competitive advantage during the period of time between publication and patent grant. Taking into account the current procedures through which an applicant may elect to defer publication of a patent application until patent issuance or expedite its prosecution, this Notice seeks to obtain feedback on whether the United States Government should institute a new regulatory scheme, modeled from that applied to national security concerns. This new procedure would institute a secrecy order that forbids applicants from disclosing subject matter deemed to be detrimental to national economic security for such period as the national interest requires". Merpel is a bit puzzled about all this. Isn't the whole point of patenting to do with disclosing inventions? Comments, anyone?
Okay this is how I feel.
Another new area of research involves the genes that encode the proteins governing circadian rhythms. It is known as of late 2002 that differences among individuals in adaptability to time zone changes are to some extent genetically determined. Targeting the genes that affect this adaptability may yield new treatments for jet lag and other disorders of circadian rhythm.
3 tablespoons mirin (or mirin substitute)
Really easy. Great for a date or just something to whip real quick! Enjoy!!
R - I shall cope perfectly well, thank you.
You have probably heard me say a bunch of times that I love to snack. I'm always on the lookout for healthy ways to snack for myself and my family. Funky Monkey Snacks are a healthy way to snack! They are great for kids and the entire family. What are Funky Monkey Snacks? They are freeze dried fruit. Funky Monkey snacks are made in a unique way that makes them extra crunchy.
Voila! Here’s a typical Japanese home cooking (made a little simpler by me)! It wasn’t that hard, was it?
I’ve been married for 34 years and we have 3 children. But my son’s version of our family dynamics included a mean step-mother. She lived for about a year when he was 4 years old. He told teachers and friends about her and when they would meet me, I was eyed with suspicion and distrust. But he didn’t really make her up; he simply was growing into the ability to separate reality from fantasy. I didn’t take it personally and we still laugh about it.
Last year, a classmate of mine was heading down to Tanzania. She was Canadian, and her room at the university would not be held for her as she would board a plane for home the morning after she arrived back in Norway. So I offered to let her keep her suitcase packed full of winter clothes and accessories in our basement storage unit. She hauled her things to Oslo, and we wrestled the bulky luggage down the narrow basement stairs.
With the complexity of Frontier Oils multiple unions and multiple employee contrat calculations they really needed the felixibility and configurability that only Trinoor’s Application Suite with its time keeping and attendance software provided.
"Welcome monsieur, sit yourself down and meet the best innkeeper in town!"
Less than three.
Cc: UK: BBC: Gavin Esler; UK: BBC Complaints: Helen Boaden; UK: BBC: Newsnight News Ed: Sarah Teasdale
7. Lapis French Ring Flat Sheet by Serena & LilyThe Lapis French Ring flat sheet by Serena & Lily displays small graphic rings upon a crisp white palette, creating visual texture on a fabric that is only soft to the touch. This charming flat sheet perfectly complements the colors in the medallion print of Serena & Lily's Madeira duvet, while a Lapis blue sateen band adorns the edge of the entire collection. This sheet set is woven at a premier Italian mill from the finest 300-thread-count 100% cotton sateen.
Your number this month - 87
I love her style. It's professional, but personal and it doesn't take any crap from anyone. Jeeze, even her photo seems to scream "No-Effing-Nonsense".
Our soothing massages were no longer relaxing, but had turned into a competition of ridiculousness.
Hope you are having a wonderful weekend. The weather here is so beautiful. It is like a spring day, but with my allergies I cannot go outside. Central Texas has to be one of the worst places to live if you have allergies.
Samantha Pearson – Financial Times, 01/31/2012
6 servings
The information in Beeld’s possession shows that extended “security improvements” were made to some generals’ houses. The secret funds paid for a security fence and an alarm system worth R150 000 at Mdluli’s home in Dawn Park, Boksburg, on the East Rand.
It won’t take long before you start to notice that your files are getting fat! And think of all that you are learning along the way! Don’t get overwhelmed or think that you have to do, do, do all the live long day to get those files filled. Just do what you have time for in this season of your life. Even if you only have time to read one article on your topic every week, that is something, and you are still learning! That is the great thing about this challenge, you can adapt it to fit your needs and what you have going during this busy time.
Make the filling: Toss the apples, granulated sugar, and cinnamon together in a large bowl; set aside. Bring the apple cider to a simmer in a 12-inch oven-safe skillet over medium heat. Cook until reduced to ½ cup, about 5 minutes. Transfer the reduced apple cider to a small bowl or liquid measuring cup. Stir in the lemon juice and set aside.
In order to spice up the legal shenanigans, or possibly provide a bargaining chip toward negotiation, in December, Norsigian launched defamation proceedings against the Trust claiming that the “trust slandered him and engaged in a civil conspiracy that has hurt his efforts.” According to the Bay Citizen, Norsigian’s case arose from comments made by Bill Turnage, the Adams Trust’s managing trustee, who told CNN that the efforts made to authenticate the plates was the work of “a bunch of crooks” and likened it to Goebbels’ “Big Lie” technique.
Let them know they have been chosen by leaving a comment at their blog
I only regret the fact that my whole family is now dispersed all over the world. My older kids (20/21) are in USA , my sis and Mum and Dad in Canada (she sponsored them, so even at age sixty they made the move) My brother is the only one I see regularly as he also is in the UK .
There has been many ways the no fly-lists has been categorized to show their power against terrorist threats and towards national and global security. Some of the ways no-fly lists has been characterized is by using as a key tool in the war of terror, as protecting citizens in their rights to mobility and free movement, as abetting terrorism in their own right, providing a vetting system for would-be terrorist candidates, as posing serious threats to privacy, as a perfectible technological solutions in iterative development, as highly fallible security systems that limit civil rights and liberties, as tool for individual, local, national, and global security, etc. (Fear and No-Fly Listing in Canada, Werbin, pg. 625-625).
The large bookshelf serves as both an art piece in itself and a functional storage/display system. An organic curving surface was created in Rhino that stretched from floor to ceiling and overhead, terminating at the existing bulkhead. 17 sheets of 3/4″ birch plywood were then CNC milled to notch together and form the undulating, gridded mass.
Ripping and rewrapping mink and shiny silver fox, now legwarmers
Photo of the Pacific Ocean taken by Wilda Morris, in September, 2004.
I never tried baking eggless cake with condensed milk but tempted to try this recipe by a famous chef. Despite being egg free and butterless this cake turns out absolutely delicious, moist with right amount of sweetness.
It truly was a wonderful Mother's Day. I didn't spend a majority of it with my kids, but I spent a good portion of Friday and most of Saturday with them.
You really don’t need to answer any of these questions, or blow daisies up my shorts. I’ll have my answer soon enough. And when that happens I’ll adjust accordingly and move in whatever direction makes the most sense.
The transformation of Southall was brought about by Wolf’s rubber factory encouraging workers from India.
-Don’t do anything too fast for the shy person. It doesn’t hurt to take things slowly. Infact it helps and if you want a really long term relationship, slower the better.
½ cup nonhydrogenated margarine (such as Earth Balance buttery sticks)
dc2tog = crochet 2 stitches together (SAME AS: dec = decrease) inc = increase sk = skip
My first thought after that was to get a bandage.
Joe’s silver pond–a fallen crescent moon.
This bag is just so beautiful, I wasn't sure what I wanted to do with it! After my Mom saw my first project, she brought this up to me. (And then proceeded to buy me 2 more shopping bags from T.J. Maxx! Gotta love your Mom!) I considered making a lunch bag/snack bag set for myself, but I already have a lunch bag. And this is just too pretty for occasional use. So, I made the purse set.
There are a number of writers still working in Yiddish, though it's hard to know exactly how many - probably a hundred or so. Which to mention is an interesting question. In a healthy, king-size literature, like English, critics try to predict things: which writers will turn the great ship of written language in some unlooked for direction? out of all the abundance, what is worth reading? The first question is irrelevant to contemporary secular Yiddish literature, since the greatest ship of all is the daily language use of the ultra-Orthodox. We are gnats on it. The second question is irrelevant for other reasons. If you wanted to, you could easily afford to buy every single new book published this year by secular Yiddish writers. But let me name-check some loves of mine: anything published in Gilgulim; the strict, erudite, and tightly edited reviews of Mikhail Krutikov in the Forverts; the prolific post-Holocaust yearning of Alexander Shpigelblat; the monumentum aere perennius of Avrom Sutzkever, may his poetry be for a blessing.
Q040) Tell us about celebrities you’re close with!
glowing on the breath of the streetlights I had left behind,
Since its inception Socialist Party members have participated in and helped to build RCT Against the Cuts and bring along to it a strategy to defeat the cuts and we will continue to do so. There is a real need for a political alternative to workers and youth, who will people in RCT vote for when the Welsh Assembly elections come around this May? The Conservatives and Liberal Democrats are attacking us from Westminster and the Labour Party is attacking us from the council chambers. Plaid Cymru are attempting to present themselves as an alternative but where they are in power they are making huge cuts themselves, such as in Cardiff council.
But best of all was the warm thick slobber
I was careful to not use the word 'levels' with this analogy. Do not confuse this with any concept of logical levels. It's simply an analogy — of peeling away at layers of peoples' excellence. I'm not saying it's right and true. It's not a map of reality. It's just one analogy that might help people get something about the idea of modelling and my approach to teaching NLP.
The church is a powerful institution but in recent years has rendered itself powerless. Why is this becoming a phenomenon in the church today? It is very simple. “Faith communities have allowed themselves to become privatized, sheltered and secluded from the lives their parishioners live the rest of the week.”[1] This is a troubling statement, one that should cause the church to feel deeply convicted. It is desired that persons come to church on Sunday, sow their tithes and offerings, and fill the sanctuaries so that it looks crowded on a TV broadcast, but many churches are seemingly unwilling to meet the true needs of their congregants in return. That is not to say that the church is to financially support everyone, but it is to say that the Church of Jesus Christ has an obligation throughout the rest of the week to engage persons in holistic ministry. Ministry is just more than going to church to hear a preacher preach on Sunday. The “pulpit celebrity” paradigm has been perpetuated because of this type of thinking. While preaching is a major task and while it should never be devalued or downplayed, it takes more to transform lives and sustain the transformation!
In a case of this magnitude you tell me whether that first report has any credibility to still be in the legal proceedings of the case, based not only on the 2 points above but the other serious discrepancies that make it a flawed report?
A busy lady will be very happy with a single dish and easy new ways to use the left overs of previous night. This will save some precious time,energy and don't talk about the taste where there is not even a bit of compromise. In fact this will taste even better than the pin wheel. No really the party pin wheels were really a super hit .I have converted this awesome pin wheels to another superb dish. These enchiladas are no less. They are totally a new dish out of the same left over pinwheels but much yummy and cheesy goodness. Believe it my friends they taste much better that what it appears. I coud'nt even resist to click some shots just jumped into it and had them . Its one of my favorite comfort food . So here it is....
6. During the war in China, most owners of the depository notes issued by Chinese Banks were killed by the Japanese, others later being killed by both the Kuomintang and the Chinese Communists, thus the Gold became property of the Nation, especially so, the Kuomintang. In Europe, Jews who had owned wealth were stripped of that wealth through various means and were then eliminated. The gold was taken either by stealth or by force, that is a reality of history.
IM THE 'MOMENT' I SEE 'THE LORD THE MIGHTY ONE' WHO WILL REIGN OVER MY HEART FOREVER!!!!
Today is the first day of the Blog Me MAYbe blogfest, a flexible blogfest running through the month of May. Tuesdays are themed “May I tell you something about myself?” I’ve been a complete vinyl junkie since I was at least 20 years old, and now far prefer vinyl to CDs. It just sounds deeper and richer. I’ve even bought vinyl copies of albums I already have on CD, and many times, the sound is far superior and contains stuff that was inexplicably remastered away. I prefer stuff from the past to anything modern, so all my favorite bands were on vinyl long before they were on CD or MP3.
- Essex Tourism
On Monday, Nikki reviews Jane Harris’s Gillespie and I.
You know, I love seeing everyone's cards, but I will admit that as much as I like all of them, I do have my favorites! This card by Mary Giles, featuring a poor sick Ricky being looked after by doting little Maggie, has the most wonderful color scheme, and I love the way in which Maggie's ears are sticking out:
Until you had drones of shoppers just ramming into the glass doors over and over again like flies and really clean windows.
These trifles are collected and republished chiefly with a view to their redemption from the many improvements to which they have been subjected while going at random “the rounds of the press.” I am naturally anxious that what I have written should circulate as I wrote it, if it circulate at all. In defence of my own taste, nevertheless, it is incumbent upon me to say that I think nothing in this volume of much value to the public, or very creditable to myself. Events not to be controlled have prevented me from making, at any time, any serious effort in what, under happier circumstances, would have been the field of my choice. With me poetry has not been a purpose, but a passion; and the passion should be held in reverence; they must not — they cannot at will be excited, with an eye to the paltry compensations, or the more paltry commendations, of mankind.
With assisted Scrapbooking on your own project on Mondays
“God can use those who have done evil to accomplish good,” Nance said. “Grace as I understand it is an unmerited gift from God. God does that because he loves us.”
Speaking to the New York Post, he said: 'The public needs to know there are family members out there who do not hold the view that these men should be put to death.
Plus ALL cider’s are typically gluten free.
Courtney had won a contest that Sherry was sponsoring on her website and the prize was the reading of her first 30 pages by Sherry. Being the great client she is, Sherry immediately emailed me and said, “You’ve got to look at this author.”
Watched the blue birds move in and out of their nesting box this morning, often delivering some bugs to what must be their new brood of hatchlings. That’s my assumption. They dive bomb other birds that get anywhere near the box. Squirrels aren’t immune to the strafing either. My second box has a nest but I’m not sure what kind of birds built it. The blue birds held off the chickadees to claim their space.
Is diet soda causing Cancer?
It's the largest commonly available, because U.S. sporting arms regulations generally limit modern smokeless powder cartridge firing rifles to .50 caliber or below (there are a few exceptions), and also because more powerful weapons generally generate too much recoil and muzzle blast to be fired from the shoulder, and need to be mounted into the ground or on a vehicle.
OMG... all pink and glorious! Upon pumping out the product, the product does glimmer in the presence of light but you can't see it in the picture.
Money for Jobs and Education!
I bought tickets to the musical as soon as they went on sale. I blogged about my anticipation. Last weekend we went to see the show. Followthatdog and her family came down from Seattle, as did our friend Chihuahua. Work and family took them both up to the pacific northwest a few years ago, but their hearts are still in San Francisco. Stan still lives here. We went out for a fancy dinner, and then we went on to the show. Gussied up and liquored up, it felt just like old times. We felt like old timers when we realized that the last time we had been to this restaurant together was when it opened back in 1998. Over fine wines and gourmet seafood we rehashed our own beloved stories. Legends of memorable nights whose details I will not embellish here on this public blog.
The materials used, Waterman says, include MAX/MSP/JITTER, Arduino, a five-button circuit, projector, computer, foam board, 15 thirty-second animations, inkjet prints, and fluorescent light.
Like a vacuum bag that keeps filling with ‘stuff’, we are wanting to be clearer, brighter, lighter vessels. And the new energies are pushing us forward with this. Ask Archangel Michael to assist you in your ‘vacuuming’. He can vacuum away your fears and energy in general. You can also do this for other people and environments such as your home, school and workplace.
*789 **D-XI/29(B)/1979. “Cicero and Descartes: Politics and Science.” Political Science Department, Memphis State University, Memphis, Tennessee. (Incorporated in Item B-5, above, pp. 83-106 (1992).)
After Repeatedly Mocking Palin for How She'd Do.
What has this got to do with religious people? Well, even though I love wedges; I don't feel the need to piss everyone off telling them how great they are. I don't knock on peoples doors and try to talk to them about the benefits of wedges, why they should eat wedges every day, how much better their life would be if they just let wedges into their heart. I don't stand on the street yelling at people, telling them they are going to die a horrible, fiery death if they don't dedicate their life to wedges...
Naomi Watts, Funny Games
Good evening everyone! I am finally home from work :) I would say TGIF, but I have to work tomorrow too :( Oh well, I'm just glad to have a job hehe. I'm sure I can muddle through lol.
AC: Is there a difference between self-publishing on the Internet and self-publishing in print media?
For today's lunch I cooked a veggie gratin cup, some white rice with portabella mushrooms, two tempura shrimp, broccoli, a mini sweet pepper and grape tomatoes.
The use of ginger in this ale is about as subtle as the use of the English language on match-day in the average British football stadium.
RUSSELL ML, FERGUQON CA. Using epidemiology to target staff influenza vaccination programs. Infect Control Hosp Epidemiol 2001; 22: 525-526.
I was rather pleased with the result, it took quite a while to make but the result was worth it as it looks so pretty but simple.
It turns out that I’m really stupid, practically an idiot. There are cats that weigh more than my IQ score. Were my number translated into dollars, it would buy you about three buckets of fried chicken. The fact that this surprises me only bespeaks the depths of my ignorance.
The actual sock bun technique is super easy. All you need is a sock and a hair tie. You take your sock, cut the toe part off, and roll it in on itself until you get something that resembles a sort of bracelet. Then you tie your hair into a ponytail, put the ends of your pony through the sock center and just start rolling up until you have a bun. Here’s a video, since in all likelihood that made absolutely no sense: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BrgDXjspFcA&feature=related
Praise be to you, O Lord, for our brother Cinema and his dynamic story-telling. He has the fascinating power of dialogue, drama, music and visual. R.
Guess what? Most of you won’t click. Or you could prove me wrong and make my day.
I mean, in perfect civil libertarian awesomeness land, nobody would ever ask you for your papers. But unfortunately that’s not the case. Instead, we live in real life.
The last big disruption, the “DotCom” era, began rolling when the economic cycle was still peaking. The pressure was on innovation and creating competitive advantage. The economic downturn that followed in the early 2000’s put cost-efficiency on top of the CIO’s agenda. In a sense the scenario today combines these two periods.
Bossypants
We will have the cake and beverages at my place
The best part is, the variety is astounding. Everywhere we went, we had different types of fish, cooked in various ways. In Halong Bay, on the Northern coast, we spent two days on a boat, kayaking and eating. Eating was necessary, to take our mind off the pretty cold temperatures considering we didn't even have a coat, but the food was unforgettable. Each meal was like a showcase of ultra-fresh seafood: clams, mussels, fresh shrimp and prawns, and amazing fish. I wouldn't be able to tell you more exactly about what kind of fish we were served: I believe it was local white fish (there are a great number of fish farms in the bay), and perfectly cooked with tomatoes and a few spices--we didn't need any other seasoning or side dish.
But with every year passing, it gets less lively, with less people coming over to our house for visits, and for me, obviously less gathering with friends. I used to have a tradition of heavy drunkard drinking at a certain bar with my friends on Chinese New Year eves. Now those days are but a fairy tale tucked in some book from the National Library. Heck, the bar I mentioned is now even closed down. But that is fine, my friends have all grown up, most with their kids tearing their hairs. Whoever still has the energy to ‘TA’ mugs of Bourbon and pints of Beer anymore?
We joke that we get dates quarterly, when we visit family. We joke, but that my friends is a fact.
My favorite characters thus far are Captain Weaver, John Pope, and Margaret. It’s probably because they are the hardest characters to like. Typical HNG brain, typical. Captain Weaver (Will Patton) is gruff and unrelenting. Until he relents. Which he does when someone is being unrelenting with him. But I like him. He’s doing the best he can with what he’s got. And I like his ponytail. John Pope (Colin Cunningham) is the closest thing to a human bad guy that we’ve got at this point. He’s a bad ass ex-con motorcycle gang leader until we find out that what he really likes to do is…..cook. I don’t eat meat (ok, cue the jokes now) but I’m now aware that you must, MUST poach a chicken before you cook it. Once you poach it you can cook it however you want. Salmonella, I’m on to you, you little shit. I like Margaret (Sarah Carter) cause she’s all mysterious and stuff. I think I remember them calling her Maggie at some point. I like the name Maggie better so I’m sticking with it. Don’t try to have sex with her; she’ll pop a cap in your ass for it eventually. And bringing her chocolate won’t help. You have been warned.
CHRISTMAS MUFFIN MIX
6. How to properly temper chocolate
The great thing about being the "Ad Person Of The Year" is that I’m not just totally awesome for one night. I’m totally awesome for a whole fucking year.
Jack says, “well, I have one in mind,
serves 3 to 4 as a one dish meal
They walk along the row of cows and when she sees the nail, she tells him, "This is the one...right here."
If you look closely at his ears I left them white and I slightly feathered the gray into the white area. This will make it easier for me to add my pink ears in later.
Corey P.
the annual Teens’ Top Ten Books list and for Vermont’s Dorothy Canfield Fisher Award. Laura is a faculty member at Solstice, a low-residency MFA in Creative Writing Program at Pine Manor College, and she teaches writing and literature at Pacem Learning Community, a learning center for homeschoolers. You can visit
Empire and Black and Gold is as different a Fantasy world as you're likely to find. Picture a world where humans have broken into different tribes known as kinden with each developing vaguely insect features and traits known as ancestor art, but with some steam-tech thrown in that makes perfect sense with the overall history. Some of the main kinden include the mind linked Ants, the warrior Mantids, the flying and stinger handed Wasps, and the technologically minded Beetles. Finding out about each breed and what they can do is half the fun of the book as Tchaikovsky introduces more than a dozen types with more to come. But also there are half breed people who tend to end up with a mixed bag of attributes from both parents yet are generally looked down upon by society at large.
I have a feeling some of you are here because of that title and your search has nothing to do with baseball cards. If that's true, hit that back button and continue on with my apologies.
So see the week wasn't all bad, I have A LOT to be thankful for.
VILLIERIA: Charl van de Venter (38) assaulted, sprayed with pepper spray by policemen after he blocked off a black taxi entering filling station from wrong direction.
It comes with days of the week and day numbers (e.g. Day 1, Day 2 etc) in case you do your word sorting over more than a week. I am notorious for running out of time and skipping a day here and there, so I will personally use the Day headings so I don't muck up the schedule!
Eating vegetable raw is perhaps the best way to obtain all the nutrients of nature, but since we are not rabbits, we can't always do that.
drowning ruth was picked for oprah's book club in 2000. i honestly couldn't care less about what oprah thinks is a good book, but i was still drawn to the storyline.
We've officially entered the time of year know in my little family as "anniversabirthachristmakah." Amid the already crowded holiday season, we have six birthdays and our anniversary in the last two months of the year.
I am lucky to have a great support system from my family and friends, which has made my recovery progress fairly quickly. As I feel stronger in the weeks to come, my plan is to work on a project involving members of the drinks industry to try to bring the message of the importance of PSA testing to more men. If you have not had your PSA tested, or if it has been a couple of years since your last test, do yourself a favor and book an appointment to see your doctor. Now is the best time to take control of your health care.
It’s not just that its chef was the guy Obama called in to cater his first State Dinner in 2009.
But Mr. Think came prepared for all eventualities. His burly assistants jumped on Sharshar and restrained him and his pathetic minions with no effort. When peace was restored, Mr. Think urged Nibras to continue.
From the moment that the little beetle put on her new blue coat she never grew again. From that day to this the blue beetles have been much smaller than the green and gold ones.
Fooducate doesn’t track, but it allows you to scan products in real-time, get an A-F grade and gives you suggestions of alternatives for those low-grade products.
We all love watching our children perform and as I told you in my previous post, the pride we feel is immense. I used to record Amy's school plays when she was little and would put it on video to sell to proud parents and family, thus raising a little money for the school. Once the videos were available to buy at just a few pounds each, a letter went out to parents inviting them to purchase a copy. Unfortunately, the last time I recorded it, the school received a note from a parent saying they did not give permission for their child to be included in a recording of the school play. And so the following year, the school sent out a letter a week before the play, to all parents asking for them to sign a slip and give their permission for their child to be recorded. Out of 40 children, one of their parents sent the slip back saying "No, I do not give my permission". That was the end of that. From then on, no one was allowed to record any performances or take photographs during a school play just in case little Joe Bloggs was included in the shot. I wasn't the only one who found it sad, I have to say.
I’ve been thinking about what is the key to not being nervous on the first date and the key is that you always gonna be nervous. But as soon as I get there, you’re not gonna be nervous anymore. As soon as Pam start talking it was just like a breath of fresh air. She’s fun, we got a long and she laugh at stuff I said. Its just great nothing like dealing with Chloe at all.
Which is why it's very sad for me to report that Anna Basso passed away on June 8. I didn't know Anna. I only know of her through the 1million4anna website that was created by my old agency, Firehouse, to give hope to a beautiful high school student battling Stage 4 Ewing's Sarcoma, a type of bone cancer.
The family will be receiving friends & loved ones Tuesday March 13, 2012 from 4-8pm.
We all want to fall in love.
I love how even without a petticoat, the dress still has that full skirt 50's look! Though I bet it would look adorable with a couple of petticoats. I've been wanting to get some after the series on petticoats that Solanah had on her blog.
I was finding angst in Alice Cooper and cool in Fleetwood Mac. I dressed like Stevie Nicks, except for the funky hats…I mean, after all, my hair was a work of art – all straight-as-a-board and parted in the middle. A hat would have totally ruined it. I had the gossamer-winged ensembles in black down, though. I just skipped the heroin-vapid look, thankyouverymuch.
Women's sanitary items
So look around your create space, no matter the size or location I hope it brings you joy and inspires you!
MI-11 Thaddeus McCotter WI-02 Tammy Baldwin
STEP 14: Slip the slipcover back over the headboard.
You can only have one
I called Amazon twice and got nowhere-- the first (outsourced in India) support person who answered told me he couldn't do anything because their systems were down and I should call back later. I told him I didn't need anything in their "systems." I just wanted to voice my concern that they were stocking this book. He acted confused and told me there was nothing he could do while their systems were down. So I called back later and the second support person "accidentally" disconnected me when I mentioned the Pedophile's Guide and asked if they were planning to remove it.
Before Valentine's Day I saw an adorable canvas bag on pinterest. The short story, they used a pencil eraser and some paint to make an ombre heart on a canvas bag. Really I thought it was so cute, but I don't currently need another tote, and wasn't really sure if anyone else would want one.
· 75 new Express trains to be introduced.
A. Suppose you set yourself the project of cooking a dinner party for yourself and five friends.
Earlier this week, a television station in Atlanta reported that the TSA is so swamped with background checks it is now hiring just about anybody to grope and irradiate the public.
Correspondent: In the introduction for The Collected Stories, which has been collected all in one book and published just in time for your birthday, you allude to there being five different phases of your writing life. What was interesting to me was that you mentioned the fourth phase, which was just after your husband had passed away, and you say that you were writing stories and these Western novels because you wanted to have a family. Your kids had gone away and all that. I was curious why the family on page meant more or needed to be there in addition to the real people in your life.
The lot we were looking at, with the possibly unlivable house on it, got bought, so we're sad (primarily Martha) and relieved (primarily me) about that. I was having nightmares about trying to get under that house and jack up bits of the foundation, while rats and their fleas nibbled on me, and the floors split open.
I'm so grateful to my Chamille who lives, above all else, an honest life. She's often my reality check. She calls it like it is, doesn't make excuses for the way things are, and while things cause her sadness, she's able to move on and be happy. She lives by her principles and sometimes she lives in a very black and white world.
19.- It is our privilege and duty to describe heaven to our children, as God has described it to us in His Word.
But Held an Odd Regard for Truth,
Do something you love
There's just something about taking a worn out, dusty, rusty, frozen, unappreciated machine and redeeming it (sounds like my life - anyone else relate?)
Now getting my little beauty home was another whole problem. I drive a mini, and it is just that- mini.
Lyneen J - 51
The declaration calls on the EU to assist African governments to set up migration information centres “to better manage labour mobility bet­ween Africa and the EU”.
I am more than willing to admit that there are scenes here that made me laugh out loud. The scene where the topless waitress runs out (or bounces out in this case) on her fare is funny. Barnett is so animated and verbally creative that he forces you to pay attention every time he's on screen. Busey is at least enthusiastic about his lines. Mr. T is as he is and that's entertaining in and of itself. And even the expected chase scene at the end has an entertaining ending involving a van and a movie screen. The rest of it...?
Startled she nearly dropped her sandwich and looked up at him a frown forming on her face. He reached out to catch her sandwich and place it back in her hands. Removing the sandwich from his hands she reached out her other palm and held his hand. For a moment they sat there like this hand in hand, then he pulled her closer until the side of her thigh was pressed firmly against him and her other hand had fallen into his lap in an attempt to steady herself.
SAIC personnel were instrumental in pressing the case that weapons of mass destruction existed in Iraq under Saddam Hussein, and that war was the only way to get rid of them. When no weapons of mass destruction were found, SAIC personnel staffed the commission set up to investigate how American intelligence could have been so disastrously wrong …
Don’t know why you’re doing it, but you are rising earlier. Like your circadian rhythm is on the money. It’s been 6.30 and now 5.30 for four straight days now. When it started there was absolutely no reason for it.
reading from their short fiction collections
by BUDDHA
1 death
5. What are you working on next? And after that?
The clouds are walls around me.
Theist: The scientist said to God..”If you really exist let us have a contest and both make a human being. God being the reasonable loving merciful Being he is agreed. God scooped up some dirt to begin. The scientist took some amino acids. Then God said to him..Get your own amino acids.
day four finds us wrung out after yesterday's emotional hurricane. for relief, we turn to brooklyn henson, the paramount's associate director of marketing and PR. will she provide it? well, don't put those hankies away just yet, gang. we start with herbert ross' steel magnolias (1989).
Stripe skirt, Zara €39.95
And laugh at gems like this:
Cause mine without you was just fine,
Though of course I'd never sell it. Ever. Buy some more of her pictures though? That I may do eventually.
Given by Papa God, November 21, 2011
There is an interesting exhibition on John Constable in Bridge Cottage and a tea-room and shop next door.
Snippets from an article by Deb Riechmann of the Associated Press and printed in The Arizona Republic this morning, 11/16/10:
Whether you are just discovering wine or an enthusiast who needs a refresher course, our Wine Essentials Course will provide you with the building blocks. You will learn the five S's of wine tasting as you explore 8 different wines. This class focuses on the 'classic' grapes, where they grow and why they grow there.
She certainly knew how to adjust and adapt to any situation. She would tell you though, that it was only by the Grace of God that she continued to find ways to live a full life.
10. King Con Man
If they hated us because of our freedom and prosperity, then why not Switzerland? The Swiss are healthy, wealthy, and, thanks to an outstanding education system, wise. They’re even freer and more prosperous than we are, and much closer to the Middle East to boot.
Leapbeer #132 is Devils Dream IPA by Hoyne Brewing Company in Victoria BC
Gold is destined to fall, hold, then turn around as the Fed realize that offering Lewinsky’s to the dollar does nothing and the blue dress is eventually exposed. Look for gold to fall, the Fed to panic and hyperinflate, and all hell to break loose next year. The course of action selected today is ineffective, impotent, and ignorant which means that the final solution, a total, complete commitment to printing until the cows, calves, bulls, steers, and reindeer all come home is their last bullet.
Voila! Here’s our finished, textured model.
literally no cholesterols, they help maintain ideal levels of
I’d love to hear from both. Comments?
you don’t want to stay.
Consider this: Timberland's new head ethics honcho calls himself VP of CSR.
327 **2. "On the Yearning for Personal Immortality." Greek Star, Chicago, Illinois, December 30, 1999, p. 3, January 13, 2000, pp. 7-8. (Sources: Item D-V/14/1992, below; Item C-1998(12), above, pp. 738-51.)
I can remember the day I brought each baby home from the hospital.
Progress is slow and I really need all my powers of concentration, and a huge dollop of discipline, to get it done.
“Look… if I have time…I’ll send someone.”
The plan to shut down the U.S. economy is reminiscent of plans first hatched in March 2010 by Stephen Lerner, a controversial anti-capitalist SEIU organizer. Lerner visited the Obama White House at least four times.
So here's to what the future brings,
Aside to that, his real girlfriend Park HanByul is also acting as his girlfriend for the MV.
Shatter every illusion, the screams yet unheard.
This book consists of adaptations of two Star Trek episodes ("Mudd's Women" and "I, Mudd") and an original novella featuring Mudd and the Star Trek crew ("The Business, as Usual, During Altercations"). I've seen some Star Trek movies and the occasional episode of the original show, but I've never been a super fan. The character of Harvey Mudd, a sloppy, selfish, con-man who doesn't fit at all into the neat regulations of the Starship Enterprise, however, could make me change my mind.
We men – have valid reasons to be late.
6- Why is the 65 yr old lady next to me making this look easy, damn her?
PS Love these colours but what you can't see in the pic is a silver overlay pattern on the aqua sections, very interesting.
Which has to be one of the best back handed compliments I’ve ever read.
are calling for openness. Where are they? How often do they discharge? How much? There Environment Agency in England and Wales is reluctant to disclose this information, as they don’t like what it reveals.”
There are two bonuses of using this system besides being easier and faster. First off, damage potential increases with skill. The average damage done with a WS of
On one hand, I easily get preachy about how people should gear up their driving skills: I don’t want to go to more funerals for people I care about because they were killed in a crash. While I’ve always had a passion for helping drivers be safer, I’ve also seen the consequences of traffic tragedy:
'Strange Animal' is a joy, and the band break into the frenzied chorus with ease. Next up is 'I Can't Believe That You Would Fall For All The Crap In This Song'.... which brings that famous Mael sense of humour to the forefront once more. Ron spends much of the song centre stage alongside Russell, joining his brother in performing the 'actions' that go with this track. I can't imagine anyone else getting away with something like this, it would leave just about every other artist looking ridiculous!! Yet for Sparks, it's a slice of genius and the oddness fits perfectly into their world. Top marks also must go to the crowd, the vast majority of whom have memorised the actions and join in! An impressive feat, made all the more so when you consider this is only the 3rd time Sparks have perform this album to a British audience (and the 2nd time was last night!!) The power of YouTube I guess!
I’m just fuelling up with some porridge and sultanas and I’ve donned my old Asics, just in case the route is wet. It’s been dry here for ages, but the route I’m going to be running tends to flood easily and I think it’s been raining for most of the night.
In fact while this game was eventually won, and won well, it was as much down to profligate finishing from Cookham Dean then any great superiority on the hosts part. Chief culprit for the visitors was Xavi Etienne who miss a hat trick of gilt-edged chances IN EACH HALF. Ben Lyden eventually opened the scoring for the hosts who were were almost immediately pegged back by Cookham’s John Lennon; it was all coming together nicely as a spectacle.
3 nomenclatoral
6. Put the intelligence of the heart at the service of the intelligence of the mind.
Cover Commentary: Love it. I love the red dress, with the windblown wild look & the suspicious back glance… especially with the castle and storm clouds in the background. The crossbow makes the picture for me, although it seems a little large for the weapon she hid in her skirts. I suppose of they’d given her a wee little crossbow, it wouldn’t have had the same effect. Lol.
NOTE: We first told you about Dan’s long journey back to health and into the Cincinnati Reds farm system last winter when Dan visited CBC during the off season to donate with member of the Sinclair Community College baseball team. His former coach Steve Dintaman felt confident we would see Dan pitching for the Dragons soon – and he was right! Dan has joined the Dragons and will be the first graduate of a Montgomery Co. school (Centerville HS) to play for the hometown team!
A Boeing 747-400 passenger jet can hold 416 passengers. This blog was viewed about 4,000 times in 2010. That’s about 10 full 747s.
I sat in stunned silence. What should I say? What could I say? Should I laugh it off? Should I ignore it? Pedro walked over with the coloring mixture, grabbed another bite of the burrito and began the task of wrapping my hair in foil and applying the goop. When in doubt, do nothing is a motto that had helped me in the past and that is what I did now; absolutely nothing. As Herr Shultz would say: I see NOTHING! I know NOTHING!
Midterm, Part III is an AP quiz, and not online.
There have always been those who manage to obtain this ultimate state of grace whilst in physical flesh, but they have been here as your ‘living proof’ and guiding lights. You call them ascended masters. And in the ‘usual’ state of physical being, one does not feel they can live this way, all of the time. It’s not about whether you can be in this state, when you clean the toilet. Of course you can. That’s easy. What the difficulty has been, is staying in a state of grace when interacting with people and their reactions, in your daily life. It’s easy to wander about in a state of grace, on your own, or with your sweetie.
Two winners will each also receive several life saving products from Firefighter Dayna and First Alert, including a combination smoke and carbon monoxide alarm, Tundra™ Fire Extinguishing Spray and escape ladder. This prize package is worth over $100! To enter the contest, simply share what you do to help keep you and your family fire safe. And check out Sparkles the Fire Safety Dog's website for more helpful information, tips, videos, activity sheet, and photos HERE!
I was browsing her blog for inspiration and jackpot, I found it. I also happened to have all the supplies needed on hand too yay!! I made them in the basic same color scheme because they are the actual favorite colors of the persons I am giving them to.
I hung it on his door using my ATG gun.
OK, DEFINITELY not cool.
And now we have lived to see that prediction fulfilled.
The ‘accused’ was let off the main, fabricated, charges and we found him guilty on the ‘real’ minor charges that he did admit to. The chap had put his hand up to taking some of the items quoted – he had built an entire house with half the materials he had ‘found’ – but, reading between the lines, the CID folk had had an interest in quite a bit of stuff that had been nicked and which – surprise surprise – had never been recovered during the investigations.
Whatever the reason, why buy prepared vegan whipped cream that has propellants, additives, sugar substitutes and chemicals in it? This recipe is fast and easy. It uses coconut milk so it's soy-free and gluten-free. Plus, it's fun to make it yourself or with your kids.
We found out, by the way, that the film was called “Closed”, but that’s the only information we gleaned about it… IMDb told us nothing, and we didn’t see anyone famous…
Favorite Day of the Week: I have two…sorry! Sunday and Wednesday…time with friends at church doing what we all enjoy…singing!
2 cups powdered sugar
Some Russian leaders were not good rulers and paid little attention to the country’s many peasants, or farm laborers. The rich people in the ruling class owned most of the land, while other Russians remained poor and uneducated. Some Russians lived in extreme poverty. Many people objected to the way in which the country was governed.
The weather has been awful (again) so we’ve had a nice family day at home. D did a beautiful butterfly drawing of herself as a butterfly (when she has bad dreams about her anxieties sometimes “D the butterfly” comes along and rescues things), this is so lovely it’s going to be laminated:
A most interesting recent quote from Canadian researcher Dr Laurent Mottron about a recently published meta analysis of published functional imaging studies of autistic subjects :
“Yes. That is a big problem. What are you going to do about it?”
Rage is one of those games that just never excited me. It certainly looked great but coming on as a cross between Fallout and Borderlands I wasn’t sure whether I would end up picking it up – there are only so many post apocalyptic shooters I can play… But having got my hands on it I’ve changed my mind. What impressed most was the enemy AI, the fact they ran for cover and scurried away to protect themselves was very cool. The shooting felt strong and I liked the vibe of the game. This has gone from a maybe to a definite play.
The Doctor: Excuse me. What's your attitude towards the nature of existence? For example, do you hold any strong theological opinions?
If you could click your fingers and be anywhere, doing anything - what would you choose? (from Rachel)
Breathing ozone can trigger a variety of health problems including chest pain, coughing, throat irritation, and congestion. It can worsen bronchitis, emphysema, and asthma. "Bad" ozone also can reduce lung function and inflame the linings of the lungs. Repeated exposure may permanently scar lung tissue.
Since I'm not doing the first grade thing anymore, I figured a new blog was a must have! After many, many, MANY discussions about a new blog name, I think I've finally found what I want to do. The hope for this blog is to share what's going on in my classroom, as well as share ideas of things that work for me. I love what other bloggers contribute and am very thankful for their extra resources. Hopefully I'll have some stuff to share here and bring some more ideas into the second grade blog world! Stay tuned for some classroom pictures of my new space in A108!
But McLaren’s solution is to recognize that “there was another plethora of verses that present God as kind, reconciling and compassionate …” and that he was “going to have to choose one plethora over another …”
Inception (2010) as Professor Stephen Miles
With the noticeable exception of a female character in a sarong, Satan and I are doing our best Hope and Crosby as we get on The Road to Cincinnati. I am leaving Fredericksburg today, and, after a brief visit to Eola, I will meet Satan at his parents' home near Coleman. From there, in the morning, we head to somewhere in the vicinity of Lynchburg, Tennessee. I will update on the road!
Day 5.
Robyn Carr
Most of us interpret animal alarm calls as an uncontrollable auditory response to fear or pain, akin to humans yelping if we had our finger caught in a door. While this is not entirely false, some animal calls actually convey information from the caller to the listener. Seyfarth et al. (1980) posit that vervet monkey alarm calls are actually basic semantic signals or symbolic signals because each alarm calls seem to mean something to these vervet monkeys. While we don't know if these alarm calls actually mean "leopard" or "run up to the tree", we do know that it conveys specific information to their conspecific about approaching predators.
Glad to know that you are an effective leader…right?
I start my Sky work experience tomorrow. Woop!
3. Put the Oreo crumbs, melted butter, and salt in another small bowl and stir with a fork just until crumbs are moistened. Press the crumbs evenly over the bottom and up the sides of the spring form pan (they should go up about 2 inches on the sides). Freeze the crust for 10 minutes.
Drake Hunter belongs on the cover of GQ. In his Savile Row suits and Caine Oxford shoes, the Hunter Toys' topper is the cover boy for corporate success. But Hunter has an odd disdain for Christmas, its symbols and sentiments, and everything else, except the green he pockets in profits. Hunter has come up with a deliciously deceitful marketing plan this Christmas. He has dispatched mall Santas throughout the city to whisper into the ears of boys and girls, "It isn't a great toy, unless it's from Hunter's!" There's only one problem: Santa is watching, and he isn't amused.
Take them to parties.
Here is another example…….
Lt. Col. Stephen Neil Hyland, 45, Burke, Va.
I liked the way he wrote it so I decided to post this comment.
Thank you everyone for playing!!!!
I'm going to get along to the reading by Alan Halsey and Geraldine Monk on March 1, and I'd also like to be at the Crystal Clear Creators reading the following day. That might depend on work, though, and it also clashes with the launch of Milorad Krystanovich's posthumous collection in Birmingham. But the Crystal Clear event features a lot of fine poets - Jessica Mayhew, Andrew 'Mulletproof' Graves, Roy Marshall, Hannah Stevens, Charles Lauder Jr and Aly Stoneman - and it's also free (as is the Halsey/Monk event). Decisions, decisions.
But in my young and wild single days, a friend and I frequented an Irish bar where, every Tuesday evening, people gathered to ceili dance. Ceili is the folk dance of Ireland, and it resembles clogging, or square dancing, or even Highland dancing. Step dancing, the stiff, intricate footwork associated with Michael Flatley and girls in curls and green velvet, is the next step up – you have to know how to do it to do it right. But ceili is a group effort, perfectly suited to beginners; you leap in, usually with a partner, and if you let the old people who know what they’re doing push you around to your proper spot, you pick it up quickly and then it’s a whiz. The music is infectious and you can’t help but move – I find that I assume there’s something seriously wrong with people who can listen to a fiddler play a reel and not move their feet. It’s all I can do to stop myself from dancing, you know, when everyone else is sitting at the table, demurely sipping beer. It’s also very good exercise; I developed calves of steel and remarkable lung capacity.
So I want feedback, obviously. But pretend i'm a five year old who just finished her first piano recital in front of 100 people. Sure, you saw some things I could do better next time, but maybe wait a while - after the shows been for sure picked up and my nerves have calmed down to tell me about them. For now, let me know what you like about the show, what you definitely want to see more of, or don't want cut out. I definitely want constructive criticism, too, just not yet. please.
Buttons:-
So here is my conspiracy theory, which has backing from some admittedly unreliable sources on the Internet. I think Mr. Soros is a front man for the Rothschilds. Proving such a connection will be difficult, because the Rothschilds are extremely secretive people (you will note, for example, that no one in that family appears in the Forbes list of the world’s richest people). And, for that matter, neither does anyone surnamed Rockefeller. Let me stress here, that while such theories have been used to support anti-Semitism, my conclusions are only against the power brokers, not Jews in general. **.
and she had to load the goods all by herself
I actually REALLY like these :0)
If you thought dinosaurs all succumbed to some ancient catastrophic event and left no descendants then think again. Dinosaurs are not simply a dead-end lineage but actually have numerous descendants living to this day. After a few minor modifications of body structure, and one particularly notable behavioural change, the offspring of T.rex and his kin are now referred to as birds.
The day was sunny and rather windy, sponsors' flags whipping amid swirling smoke from the grilled meat stalls. It was family-friendly event, with dogs and children wandering freely, and never got too crowded. A stage at one end offered periodic entertainment: a rousing Janis Joplin-like folk singer, gamelan music and dancers, and, most popular of all, a lively belly dancing troupe.
The Brigadier was an engineer who had joined the army. Unlike his peers, he was one of the few not from the National Defence Academy, and therefore did not have the usual physical training they were used to. One of his first tests of endurance was to run a distance of ten miles. While the rest were doing it with relative ease, he was struggling and after a while he was close to giving up, when he heard his Commanding Officer shout out - Come on , young man, up till now you have been running with your legs. Now run with your mind! The words didn't just work that one time, it remained with him for the rest of his life.
Pace: 10 ; Parry: 7 ; Toughness: 10
The rock on the second one was amazing, but the turquoise was just beautiful, I couldn’t make up my mind. That’s when the seller suggested I wear both and see how it looks in the mirror. With no hesitation did I choose the turquoise one with gold metal. It was obvious it suited me best and the ring was magnified in this color. No wonder why that one is best seller!
New & Restocked This Week:
This year, I am entering my 5th competition season and over the years I have found that trying to stay VERY lean year-round is not practical, and for me, not very healthy. Again, I must stress that not everyone is alike and some people do just fine staying very lean, while others are more comfortable putting on a layer of winter insulation (not to mention, I hunt, and up north in November when you are outside for 10 hours a day trekking through the bush, you kind of need an extra layer! lol).
“The music industry used to sign ten acts, throw money at the wall and one of the bands might work. The comedy industry model is Let’s have ten acts give us all their money up front, then we’ll throw their money at the wall and one of them might work.
With a cover story that this is merely a "research" effort meant to "detect cyber assaults on private companies and government agencies running such critical infrastructure as the electricity grid and nuclear-power plants," it is also clear that the next phase in pervasive government spying is underway.
Today was a sad day. They had the funeral service for the soldier from our town who was killed in Afghanistan. It really had Mama very emotional all day. She was crying a lot, and I tried to comfort her. She napped on the bed for a while, and I cuddled as close to her as I could. When she would have lots of tears, I would lick her face and clear her tears away. I think I was very helpful, and she finally fell asleep for a couple of hours.
"It's socially, politically and demographically flawed. It will malfunction within 15 years. It will go the way of MENA (the Middle East and North Africa) but the blow-up will be much more serious," Savouri told Reuters in an interview in early March 2012. "Professional whites and blacks are leaving in hordes - the human capital is decaying," he said.
One just needs to look at mass media to see that people overwhelmingly couldn’t give two tugs of a dead dog’s cock about the issues that fire up this ‘ethical gaming’ push, which means that the whole ‘popularise and spread the hobby’ line is a lie, a pious lie at best. That’s not what it’s about at all, it’s about creating the kind of games that this minority of players and creators believes in and wants. Indeed our preoccupation and self-flagellation over this issue is dreadfully middle-class, white guilt infused, itself alienating
Would soon be destroyed
Oh… we sometimes get poked fun at because of our beliefs…our standards…our Faith….
We have a food tasting planned with Teddi from the Empire Hotel on the second day we are there and then we will walk through the rooftop again with her and get a feel for how people set things up.
The results showed that anxiety scores were significantly lower in the hypnotherapy and relaxation groups and the levels of sedative required were also significantly lower in the hypnotherapy and relaxation groups. Furthermore, postoperative vomiting and nausea was only 1.2 per cent in the hypnotherapy group compared to 12.8 per cent in the relaxation group and 26.7 per cent in the intravenous sedation group. The hypnotherapy group also reported higher satisfaction with the anaesthetic procedure and greater surgical comfort.
Reply to Objection #4:
Deck In magazines, the short abstract that tells you what the piece will be about
So, what does this have to do with me or us today?
I hope the more intellectual among you don't take offence with this post and recognise that the offensive word is not mine but used to highlight the mind of a bigot while questioning and challenging the current mistreatment of a modern group of socially moulded people declared fair game for a legal kicking.
But let me remind you about this little initiative… well, scratch that. It’s a big deal.
OK, now I'm going to veer seemingly off topic to talk about Lucien's karate instructor. Lucien's karate instructor is a real life Mr. Miyagi, except he's about 6 foot 4, weighs hundreds of pounds, is of German descent, can bench press a house and likes to uproot trees with his bare hands when he's bored.* When he's not teaching karate, he's an ultimate fighter -- that's that crazy sport with no rules. So he's just like Mr. Miyagi, minus absolutely everything except his mad skills and perhaps his ability to trick other people into doing his housework.
At the Great Bay Half Marathon in New Market, NH I wore my New Balance MR993s. This is a cool race that goes through the woods and on some dirt roads and along the coast. It’s just a nice race. About half way through the race I noticed that my feet felt tired. After a few more miles they hurt. I figured I was still recovering from a 20 mile long run in my old Brooks shoes which also made my feet hurt. This was a week before Boston so I didn’t push for a PR. The hills on this course are notorious and I didn’t want to tear up my legs on them.
sitting astride my life
guest on The Tonight Show with Johnny Carson. Since then Bobbie Gentry has never performed, sung, or given an interview.
" Sure"
Every year, my teammates and I do a poetry book that the kids write and publish for their moms in honor of Mother's Day. This unit was used by my cooperating teacher when I was student teaching and I knew it was a keeper! The poetry book was published by Heather Renz, an amazing teacher with lots of resources on her website. You can find the directions to the poetry book by clicking here. I highly suggest you go check it out and use it in your classroom in some way because it is so easy and fun. I have never had a kid complain about using this unit to write poetry!!
And feast on your raw flesh
We ate the dog anyway; everyone except the dreamer herself who elected to go hungry in opposition.
Nor did they gather it for bounty and gifts.
So what are the Top 40 models? Here’s a starter list:
My 1st dish.....the Fruit Salad.
Girls’ Weekend!!! (The exclamation points indicate a squeal.)
1) The child should not have had unfettered access to the internet.
Molly through the whole thing did so incredibly well. Eric said she didn't even cry at the ER, and they were yanking her lip all around. Same at the dentist, they had to manipulate her lip for the x-rays, and she just sat there, not a peep. She has not even taken Tylenol or anything since the night of the accident, nor really complained about her lip. She's a trooper!
Blessings to you and to my fellow bookworms!
A feeling? A premonition? We will never know…
As you can see, it got a little uneven there at the end. DANGIT. This is where you learn from my mistakes - just be really careful to keep your stirsticks lined up directly with the veneer.
Here's his new project, that only features Oddisee producing 4 tracks or so, but also finds him linking up with AB The Producer, who while is no Oddisee, brings his own unique flavor to the plate accompanying XO's imaginative tracks...Guest features include Raheem DeVaughn & Tabi Bonney...
$1.00/1 – Coppertone Kids SPF 50 Sunscreen Spray, 6 oz, Target Coupon
It seems a little surreal to me that she actually was here after all of our years of communicating through emails. It was so amazing to be sitting in the same room with Chris talking and sharing like we have for years on email.
This Mother's Day will be special. Mrs. Tildon got up early and fried up a deliciously plump chicken she'd purchased at the Piggly Wiggly the night before. The grandchildren love her fried chicken and on occasion, when the mood strikes, she succomes to their pleadings. It has been said by those in Cloverdale with the most discriminating palettes, that the chicken fried in the Tildon kitchen far exceeds anything from the Kentucky Fried Chicken on Main and Elm Streets in taste and quality. Such talk appears to embarrass Mrs. Tildon, but in reality, it is most welcome but never sought after.
The overall consensus seems to be that everyone’s afraid of what may come with the territory. Why can’t we all just lean back, stop thinking about the implications, not think so much, go with the flow, and enjoy.
One last attempt before we admitted defeat and took her to our good friend, soon to become our better friend, the optometrist.
On the subject - Norfolk based Woodforde's are spreading their message with increasing rapidity, and in terms of winning hearts and minds - none of their titles are having greater success than this particular ale.
“If a leader is Muslim, he cannot commit genocide because Islam forbids murder.” The context was Erdogan’s defence of Sudan’s President Omar al-Bashir for his massive destruction in Darfur. Nobody seems very clear about why he said it, but for myself I have no doubts at all, and never have: Recep Erdogan is a madman. Even worse, our incompetent Foreign Office is mad for having anything to do with him.
What comes next?
4. Monday Blues
I think this is the first time that I will be going out by myself! Sure I will be sitting there constantly looking over my left shoulder, in robot mode, looking out for my boys to see what mischief there into. tee hee.. but once I get over that feeling, I know I will be enjoying myself and making the most of it!
Sticking with the Olympic theme – and bearing in mind it’s just 115 days away, 33 on top of that for the Paralympics – it’s about time we started getting in the mood. This one off 45 minute gallery talk from designer Lin Cheung looks at the design behind the Paralympic medal. Get your team GB flags out and start waving.
My garden is a riot. Quite literally (I suspect foxes, though the goldfinches have a guilty look about themselves). The blackcurrants and boysenberries have performed nicely and the rowan groans with fruit. Yet again the cherry disappoints, which is entirely my fault, the tree's doing its best in the circumstances. My dad's trees have provided enough fruit for every beggar and his dog for miles around and I spent part of yesterday picking for the freezer. It still looks like nobody's bothered. The plums and damsons are the same: my brother's Victoria plum is absolutely weighed down with fruit that's starting to go coppery purple and my dad's damsons are also colouring up nicely. My garden's at a higher elevation (well, I'm just up the road) so mine are usually a week or two later. It's looking like the makings of a bumper crop, so we'll be giving the jam-making kit a bit of a pacing this year.
“If you follow my finger,” he said, pointing, “you can see it straight ahead.”
Don’t be scared. There is a very big misconception about Colombia that it is a really unsafe place. Tourists are usually really scared when they get here because they don’t know what to expect, or because they think of Colombia from 20 years ago. What you don’t realize is that half of the population in Colombia works in security. There are cops, private security everywhere to protect you. But like in every country, there are some areas which can be a bit dangerous at night, or some things that you shouldn’t do, like talk on your Blackberry in public. Different coutry = different rules. My best advice is to ask a local (maybe the concierge) what you can and can’t do when you get there, but don’t let it stress you out. You should not be stressed out or paranoid when you are in Bogota, there is no reason to warrant such behavior.
When it got to the legal side—wills, setting up the family trust (which we also chose to do, encompassing the special needs trust…makes more sense when they explain it), and dealing with guardianship and beneficiary deeds, etc—we did pay the attorney. And we were ok with that. He was beyond awesome and if you’re in the StL metro, we would highly recommend that you use him. All in all, money included, it was not more than we could handle, and it is invaluable to now have in place.
The word Sabbath means REST.
I had great plans for Lili's first Christmas.
To clearly record the image, the sensor have to receive the right amount of light. There are time/aperture combinations for which using a short shutter time with an open aperture or a long time with a closer aperture is not influential, at least for the quantity of light that reach the sensor.
3. Combine lettuce, tomatoes, cucumber, feta, and mint. Use mixture to fill the pockets. Top with remaining bean mixture.
Prediction. (OKC win 4-2)
Ten days to go. Yes, ten glorious days to count off so that we can get all the closer to that day we all treasure, where getting scared, getting candy and getting a cool costume all go hand in hand.
Apply! What’s the worst that could happen? As a business owner, you’ll need to learn to deal with rejection so even if the panel declines your application – don’t stop. Continue to pursue your dreams – and ultimately, personal happiness.
I hope everyone had a fantastical NEW YEARS EVE and has a fabulous upcoming NEW YEAR! George's AWESOME blogs will continue in a few days. I'm currently on vacation.
And they wore black and white.
Bad
..... I used to have a lot more time to create and post on my blog. I started blogging a little over five years ago. Things were a bit different then. We were all trying to figure out ways to drive people to visit our blogs. I had a counter on my blog for the longest time. And we used to give each other awards that said we were the greatest this or that -- the themes changed but the idea was you were supposed to post the award on your blog and then pass it on to others. Or there were questions to answer which would reveal more about yourself. No one does that any more (thankfully). But at the time it was fun.
This is one that I was just hoping I'd make it to!
Two years later their daughter had a daughter and they baptized the child in that same church. It was a joyous day and it finally pained her; their immense lack of sorrow.
Some know that I have my three little grandkidlets spending the whole summer with me here in Nova Scotia. They are veritable bundles of energy, with only two speeds..."Go nitro" (to quote the youngest) or stop! I'm having the most amazing time with these little guys...here are some pics (first one with their cousin) from our latest oceanside excursion:
According to the victim, Kiedis exposed his penis and tried to force her to perform oral sex on him against her will.
Though we change like the trees in their seasons, He remains the same. Forever. Trustworthy. Loving. And when He looks at our selfish hearts, He only sees His perfection; for it is at work in our lives, drawing us closer into intimate relationship and communion with Him.
Song: The A Team
Gliding between menus and home screens isn’t going to be comparable to the likes of the iPad or the Asus Transformer Prime, but we feel the Acer A200 doesn’t do a bad job. And the clean, futuristic look of Ice Cream Sandwich is relatively easy to navigate quickly.
This may be commercialized of me, but one of my favorite aspects of the holiday season is all the cheesy Christmas movies, specifically fantasy ones with Santa Claus or “Christmas magic” in them. *shrugs* They’re just fun, silly movies to watch for a couple hours when nothing else is on. Seriously, when Hallmark Channel or ABC Family starts playing movie after movie, I love it! Already Hallmark showed a commercial for their new one over the Halloween weekend, which was what made me start thinking about all this in the first place.
I hadn't relaxed in Lord knows how long. The breeze felt good and I could smell the ocean. Things were lookin' up. Now if only we could find beer.
That was the edited down version of an incident that took place during St. Paddy day in Baltimore. The entire video ends with the guy getting his watch, cash, and car keys ripped off, along with his clothes. But this is a family blog, and the nudity seemed gratuitous. So a very drunk, not particularly bright white guy ends up in downtown B'mo. Clearly this guy is out of his element, an out of towner who was so wasted he doesnt even recall the incident. I'm including these details because I wasn't able to get a picture of him at 12 during his first communion. So I work with what I've got. A drunk white guy in an unfortunate Mt. Dew t shirt, which is what he should have been drinking instead of Jameson and green jello shots. That said, he wasn't breaking any laws, just standing there, swaying, trying to figure out why some strange hood rat was doing the booty grind on him.
SA: Most parents have some hallowed vision of the perfect parent—who loves unconditionally but also sets limits, who overcomes his bullshit for the sake of the kids. But these visions are mostly self-punishment. My own sense is that nobody knows what the hell they're doing, especially today, with so many roles having shifted. I know for a fact that I screw up every day, mostly out of my own emotional neediness. I try to please the kids too much. I lose my cool. I send mixed messages. And so on. The problem with parenting in the precincts of plenty is that fathers (and even more so mothers) hold themselves up to this impossible ideal.
WASHINGTON – The Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation and U.S. Small Business Administration today announced new resources to support small businesses across the nation. Acting Chairman Gruenberg and SBAs Associate Administrator for Entrepreneurial Development Michael Chodos released Money Smart for Small Business, a training curriculum for new and aspiring business owners.
I see numberless farms, I see the farmers working in their fields or
We see Ziggy, running towards the water’s edge, before stopping, laying down in the sand, and lighting a cigarette!
The Democratic Alliance (DA) believes that Jeff Radebe, Chairperson of the National Conventional Arms Control Committee (NCACC), should immediately make a public statement on the alleged sale of 100 sniper rifles and more than 50 000 rounds of ammunition to Libya.
This recipe was the first time I ever had to beat eggs to get them to form stiff peaks. I think I did it right, but how would I know if I did it wrong? The batter was fairly thin by the time I added all the ingredients. The cakes did fluff up and rise nicely. They were also moist and airy. I think if I had screwed up somewhere the bundts would have been akin to bricks.
Just follow this step-by-step guide to Conversing with Marginalised People™ and in no time at all you will have a fool-proof method of derailing every challenging conversation you may get into, thus reaping the full benefits of every privilege that you have.
So if you see him, love on him a little ;). Who are they to decide what is cool anyway????
There were a few voices who actually used their heads and called BS early on. Several Egyptian journalists and bloggers, notably journalist Sarah Carr and blogger Zeinobia, who I'll quote in discussing how this bizarre thing got started below, and Dan Murphy at the Christian Science Monitor, in a piece entitled "Egypt 'Necrophilia Law'? Hooey, Utter Hooey. Murphy's response should have been the first reaction of any serious reporter, or of anyone familiar with Egypt. It was pretty much mine, which is why I didn't mention the story. (Well, my reaction wasn't precisely "utter hooey," because I'm not sure I've ever actually said, or even thought, "hooey," but apparently you can't say "bullshit" in The Christian Science Monitor.)
He/she, will and/or
Though he never mentions Matthews by name, Meyer said at a recent Gator club meeting, “If you want to be critical of a player on our team or a coach on our team you can buy a ticket for seat 37F, you’re not welcome back in the football office. You’re either a Gator or you’re not a Gator.”
The rectangular shape is awesome for arranging. I'll show you why in a sec.
Ring the buzzer and then a minute later a Japanese lady opens the door , peaks out, says “Konichiwa!” , and hands you some slippers to wear. Whoa.
Battle of the Bulbs ... Hallmark Channel ... 8 AM
Here are some of my favourite search keywords from my statistics (also known as "random facts about myself and the users of internet"):
I've made the decision to start my blog all over
Off the shore of Brazil, almost due south of the heart of São Paulo, is la Ilha de Queimada Grande. The island is untouched by human developers, and for very good reason. Researchers estimate that on the island live between one and five snakes per square meter.
1.) We're "homeless" during this travel time--i.e. we aren't paying rent anywhere.
3. Award up to 15 blogs that are deserving (I'm awarding four).
Fashion. Public relations. Social media. What more could a girl like me need? Fashion, PR, and social media are three of my favorite things. The majority of my daily activities, as a graduate student, revolve around reading and learning about, or using one of these three things. Wouldn’t it be great if somehow all three things were integrated, and could be used together to form my dream job?
He keeps me on my toes, that's for sure. And it's really going to get busy this spring when he's not the only child anymore. Yep, Brody will be a big brother in late March/early April! We're super excited, and I'm sure Brody will be happy to recruit a partner in crime. I have a feeling the shenanigans have just begun. :)
She looked around the city’s grounds. “This is your home?”
Peace of Mind
It's unfortunate that our corrupt Govt, that only listens to its own political lobby groups, will ignore this as the plan is to push towards criminalisation or quit before it is kicked out of Govt in three years time.
...they picked up pencils and paper and began to draw. This is quite an event now, since they do it so infrequently *sigh*
Stay tuned for the next episode, Jesus Christ Superstar!
The book really isn’t in chapters but it is in sections and each one is divided by this:
So its that time of year, where things end and new things begin. I was trying to think of how to do this, since last year I made a series of posts about my favorite pictures of the year and the stories behind them. While I do have some favorite photos from this year, but I wanted this to be a bit more about other things I enjoyed this year as well. So here are my favorite things from this year, in no real order, as they come to me.
Speaking of fifteen years ago, the other day I ran into a woman I have not seen since we lived in Minnesota before. It is so weird how that can happen in a very small town, where I just went to pick up a few grocery coupon items while the girls were at music lessons. You know how it is. We should always dress to represent our Saviour, but there are times when we just need to run out for a minute to grab something, and we're hoping to slip in and out of the store or post office without being seen. In most cases, the chance that you will not be noticed is inversely proportional how bad you look. If the person is important to you, you will look like something that crawled out from under a rock, just this one time. This woman looked exactly the same as she did fifteen years ago. She was wearing no make-up, but it didn't matter -- she looked youthful and slender and beautiful. I'm sure I look the same, too, except for an additional 25 pounds, a pair of dark circles and some wrinkles... But miracle of miracles! This ONE TIME when I ran into someone who knows me, I had a bit of make-up on and it was not an epic bad hair day. Isn't that just a blessing?? I think that's a blessing. :) (You have to count the small things, too.)
This is very unlike him :)
The last tags are the ones I got from Jacqui for C and D - surprising how random selection got me two tags from the same lady, wonder what the odds were against that happening!
Psalm 118:24...
An athletic two-year starter at N.C. State, Terrell Manning offers an intriguing skillset that projects favorably on third downs and
dripped in the rhythm of the milk machine
What is the benefit of using iFrames?
I see it shining in the hay.
In a medium sized pot, bring 2 quarts of lightly salted water to a boil. Cut potatoes into bite-sized chunks and add them to boiling water and cook for about 7 minutes. Remove from heat, drain, set aside.
When planning the big day, bride Kristen found inspiration for her wedding both within the pages of magazines and from the natural beauty of her ceremony and reception site. "I wanted a lot of color and ended up finding a bouquet in a magazine with rich oranges and purples and decided to pull from that. I also decided to add a light sage green to pull the colors together, to act as a sort of "neutral" tone. The final color scheme consisted of mostly green and purple shades with fun "pops" of orange to add more depth. Aside from color, the theme was driven by the ceremony and reception site. From the location itself to the flowers, the food, the music, the overriding theme was one of abundance."
Piece of trim- had on hand
166 5. “In re Anastaplo: A Progress Report.” National Law Journal, June 18, 1979, pp. 21, 33.
And of course:
He asked how I felt about the CPAP. I am for it - if it improves my quality of life. How I would love to wake up feeling rested.
His dark materials is a trilogy of books by Phillip Pullman. In order they are Northern Lights (renamed The Golden Compass for the shoddy film), The Subtle Knife, and The Amber Spyglass. The books are all part of a large story which primarily follows Lyra Belacqua, and later, also Will Parry. The story takes place in several parallel universes and feature fantasy elements such as beautiful witches and armoured talking bears. No come back, these books are well thought out and intelligent. They drew some criticism for being a little anti Christian and anti religion in general (or more in theme), but if you have a brain I wouldn’t let that stop you reading them.
The thing is, and I know you're thinking it, I know that Nipper and I will be the biggest, most formative influence on how he feels about school, books, learning, etc... But if we choose wrong, or he doesn't get in, I'll feel like maybe we missed an opportunity for everything to be perfect. There I said it. Saying it out loud, is the first step right? I'm Marija, and I keep trying to make everything perfect. Someone please send me a vaporizer. Mommy needs to go bye bye.
Punch Bunch Fern.
Because of my lifelong perceptual nature and sensitivity to appearances in general I never got used to Ms Francesca, though to this day people tell me she was the best teacher in town. I did like her for teaching the fundamentals of piano and, moreover, I liked her for her sense of musical taste and versatility. She conducted school choirs and I would always complain to her that the scores and charts they performed weren't hip enough. I wanted her to do the Hi Lo's while she preferred.... Barry Manilow.
4) Music.
They torpedoed and sank the unarmed U.S. army-chartered steam schooner SS Cynthia Olson: 33 members of the crew and 2 army passengers were killed
The blue tunic was seamless, and, as stated, represented the heavens. While on Earth, one of the two garments of clothing Yeshua (Jesus) is mentioned wearing is seamless (John 19:23). While some have said this was an undergarment, the text seems to suggest it was longer than that. It could be a reference to the cohen gadol’s second tunic. Why wasn’t it blue? Because Yehsua had given up his Heavenly position for one as a lowly man. In return, we may obtain His righteousness.
in a glass measuring pour the oil and milk in a jug and break the egg itu a cup and beat it with fork and then add the vanilla
I always say that there is no better arena for observing a culture in action than business. Cultures tend to reveal themselves in situations where much is as stake, because it is here that their resources are most needed. Business women and men who want to get involved in the international business arena should be aware of how other cultures differ across the following dimensions. Many of these dimensions are based on Geerte Hofstede’s framework for assessing culture.
So how do you know when you actually are? Well, I’m sure there aren’t a lot of concrete reasons, but recently, I saw both my guys in different capacities and both situations showed me just how much I’ve managed to move on. Without getting into specifics, I can definitely pinpoint some ways to know that you’re over him now. Let’s go for a ride, shall we?
11-20 Milan, Italy – Mediolanum Forum
Dinner was a huge success even if I did burn off what looks lke the top 3 layers of skin from my hand while making it…I’ve said it before and I’ll say it again. If I burn myself while cooking or baking it means it’s going to be good.The weather was nice enough that the kids even got to eat outside.
Again it will be time to drop by.
Just got this new stamp by Marion Emberson and wanted to give it a try out, and as purple and green are a fabby combination and I had a scrap of green ribbon on my desk... seemed like a good place to start!
As of Friday night one baby hatched! I am leery about checking them too much...for one we have to climb on a ladder to see them and then there is a train of 5-8 people who have to "just see real quick" without tipping that basket. Most importantly I don't want the momma to leave her nest and babies just b/c we were so inquisitive. So we wait....I did tell the kids we could check it tonight as I am positive the four should all have hatched by now if they are going to.
What is performing, actually? Being physically there on stage, and playing a few notes here and there, and “air-bowing”? I don’t think it’s just about that.
Once again... I find myself enjoying more mixed media and fine art than paper crafting lately. I still have been making cards like crazy, though, so don't fret. Scraps and cards will always be my hobby.
At about 11:00 a.m. I got worried and I asked two of the men by the gate about it. The conversation when something like this...
Connor says the number 23 is evil.
6 mini marshmallow or 1 tbsp cool whip
Jarod, a little confused, says "You mean, you wish you were the first one born?"
As part of TheVendy’s trip to Edinburgh, Katie Johnstone, Joseph Reid and Meg Whitelaw went to the Scottish Parliament to interview MSPs from the four major Scottish parties on issues ranging from education to Independence. We spoke with Labour shadow Minister for Housing and Transport Elaine Murray; Liberal Democrat spokesperson on Rural Affairs, Environment, Housing & Transport Jim Hume; Parliamentary Liaison Officer to Alex Salmond, Joan McAlpine; Conservative spokesman on Rural Affairs Alex Fergusson and Scottish Conservative leader Ruth Davidson.
And ocean and earth are bathed in white,
My first taste of a beer from Greece, and it was as expected. It is your typical green bottled Euro Lager. Drinkability is not bad, it is very light with a low ABV so it could replace Stella or Miller Lite or Bud Light. Although I have never seen this beer at a bar or anywhere else, I highly doubt any of my buddies who like this style of beer would choose it over any other.
Have the opportunity to be extremely sexy and get all the men that I could? Come on. I would not pass that shit by. Megan Fox can talk all the shit she wants, but sweet old dumb Marilyn was the original sex kitten.
And then i went home.
We made our way to the neighborhood of Palermo and found La Cabrera. Alas, good news travels and there was a long line waiting outside. My worries were unfounded because like seasoned veterans, La Cabrera was prepared and served chilled champagne while we waited. 40 minutes or so later, we finally sat down and flipped through the menu – it was time to pick our battles. From a measly 200g cut of beef to the monster weighing in at 800g, each cut looked tantalizingly delicious. Some of the bolder one’s decided to slay the beast: 800g bife de chorizo. Others were not up to the challenge and went with smaller portions. Me, choosing quality over quality, picked up a 500g serving of Kobe beef. Six men, six cuts of meat engaged in mortal combat.
Gene George
Feeling stuffed up from allergy symptoms? Try changing your diet to include foods that might help.
optional: for a thinner smoothie, add in more almond milk or a splash of orange juice
Seriously, I'm never like that with kids.
At the moment I feel like I've built this blog like a statue to my Granny... To sort of keep memory of her and what she meant to me alive...
306) coffee and a catch up with a dear friend this afternoon
Hello there astronauts, Olympians, and/or science enthusiast! Cave Johnson here wondering if you’re looking for more ways to cramp that old grey matter of yours. If you’ve beaten GLaDOS for the umpteenth time and are looking to strain your brain with all new puzzles, then I know what you’ll be doing on May 8. The lab boys over at Valve have heard your cries for more content and they’ve been planning to deliver you additional DLC even a year after the game’s initial release in 2011. Ah, but this is no ordinary content pack, friend of science.
#140 wind in my hair
Split Pea Soup with Celeriac and Ham
Mrs Marr gives me a big smile,
Luckily there are lots of different types, so plenty of inspiration to be had - just do a Google Image Search on Chrysanthemum and you'll be spoiled for choice!
- you may want about a tbsp of shortening to keep it from sticking to the rolling pin.
The GRE demanded writing a lot of things out, so that didn’t really clue me in either. It was this current class that really got me thinking. I read my notes, then re-wrote them from memory. Which also helped the pesky problem of order and organization of notes. In undergrad, it would seriously bother me if my professor (practically every animal science prof!) just jotted notes all sloppy, or skipped around in information, or forced me to cross things out or draw arrows to forgotten info, all ugly. I could barely LOOK at such sloppy notes, let alone study them. And sometimes I would re-copy them, but never from memory–just look at the ugly, and write them neater. I guess a little OCD snuck in there to impede me every now and again.
The firm’s red-and-white distilled water bottles are ubiquitous – sold on the grounds of the Forbidden City in Beijing to the altitudes of the Chinese Himalayas in Tibet.
After the show, I went with Lewis Schaffer, a New Yorker called Peter who lives in London and Jenna, the girl who rents Peter’s apartment in New York, to a Chinese restaurant in Soho. On the way, bizarrely, we bumped into Jenna’s father Steve. He is passing through London, working, for a week. Don’t ask. I didn’t.
“I’d love the world to be lead by people who have a biblical worldview.....wouldn’t it be an exciting thing to have leaders who believe all of us are equal?” - Mike Huckabee
The library had none of the books I ordered and there was a half-shelf of Anne Perry mysteries just sitting there like an open box of chocolates so I grabbed a few. Terrific escape-from-too-much-taxing-reality reading. A Christmas Grace was a lovely afternoon’s respite from several busy days. Nothing like a little murder and killer storms along the Irish coast to provide entertainment.
This. Was. Amazing! I was so shocked at how much I enjoyed this book, and I'm also shocked at how few people have read this.
Why is there such a large discrepancy between the official count and the dead dolphins reported by the local press? A discrepancy in the thousands.
Michael Vyner recalls a terrible story, one that happened to him. One that would be unbelievable if it weren't true! Michael's parents are dead and he imagines that he will stay with the kindly lawyer, executor of his parents' will ...Until he is invited to spend Christmas with his guardian in a large and desolate country house.
Happy hopping and shopping folks!
I'm a natural peace-keeper too. It really drains me to see people fight. That's not to say I'm perfect and I don't get emotional and argue as well. But when I'm thinking clearly, the search for peace - or really community - is my second guiding principle.
But somehow, I don’t think a ‘Don’t Drink’ campaign will be as popular. And anyway, it’s just the taxpayer footing the bill for all those ‘free’ condoms.
We've been hobbling all week... keeping in touch and in business via iTouch and laptop. And needless to say, with all my files and basic programs inaccessible for the moment, there is NOT a lot of blogging going on.
“We used our pains, broken bodies and scarred emotions to confront the injustices and terror of our nation,” she told the Nobel audience in Oslo’s City Hall.
I have written in this set-up five and a half Stravaganza novels, three "historicals", two full length adult novels, not yet published, various picture books and junior fiction and an enormous number of blogs, emails, Facebook statuses and Tweets!
International entries are eligible for the prize!
Cans have certain advantages: They are lighter and thus cheaper to ship. They are easy to recycle and tend to be recycled at higher rates than bottles. They are more portable and conducive to outdoor activities. And they are impermeable, so beer-spoiling light and oxygen can't enter the package.
David Jay has been shooting fashion and beauty professionally for over 15 years. His images have appeared in a multitude of international magazines and advertising campaigns. Like so many others personally touched by the disease, Jay was inspired to act when a dear friend was diagnosed with breast cancer at the age of 32. Like the subjects themselves, Jay’s stark, bold portraits challenge traditional perceptions of the disease and capture the raw beauty, strength and character of so many extraordinary young women. Each portrait represents a singular, stripped-down vision of the life-changing journey that unites them all.
I know you may think I hadn’t lived as you would have seen fit, I didn’t move off and go to an out of state college. While yes it would have been nice, I didn’t want to. Then I was quite happy having friends over to the apartment on Tuesdays for game night, having a few drinks at home or a few parties. I could always wake up the next day and make a visit to my family. I have since paid off my house, paid off two cars, have two beautiful children who get to call you Grandpa and beg for rides in your hover-round. And even for as much as you say you do not like animals, and grumble about needing to find a sitter to take care of them if you want to go out of town, I know better… Like the last time I came to visit, you asked Snow up into your lap and took her for a ride in your chair, having her take turns with the kids for rides. So if you deny your love for animals again, and you see me grin, you’ll know I’m giggling, because I know better.
I have a project that I'm working on and will be during the next few weeks, hopefully after Christmas I can tell you a little more about it. :-)
Look southward at dusk and nightfall, and you can’t miss Sirius, the brightest star in the nighttime sky. Only the planets Venus and Jupiter are brighter, but they’re in the western sky, due to be near the waxing crescent moon beginning around March 23. Venus and Jupiter are temporary visitors to our sky at this time of year. Sirius is a permanent fixture of March skies, where it always outshines other stars.
The people had made a good start. Bravely, they had gone back to Jerusalem, and had begun rebuilding the temple. Then, for 16 years the work stopped. God sent the prophet Haggai to get the people working again. We can see from the prophet’s words three major sins that were the cause of the delay.
What Spanish churches do very often have, in the way of memorials, are these (from Nerja) – memorials to priests who were killed during the war. Estimates vary of the total number of the Religious who died, but a generally accepted figure is in the region of 7,000. In the province of Malaga (which includes Nerja) about half the priests died, including these three -
last time.
Except for a loosely-knit veil of clouds that slowly drifts across the face of the full moon, the sky is clear and dazzling with celestial celebration. A bolder moon would not so willingly remain in the background, but this is a shy moon and so it peeks through the passing clouds – cautiously – as a child might dip a toe in a river, testing the water’s reception before daring to jump in. The stars and planets twinkle with hilarity
(Substantial posts on the way soon.)
It’s real bad news for cattle producers and those of us who maintain that we didn’t climb to the top of the food chain to eat broccoli.
The men’s lawyers have told Amnesty International that both are suffering from serious health problems caused or exacerbated by their years of solitary confinement.
How many members are there?
Images of one of Mr. Matney's former apartments, Spaces KC.
News: Master plan begins to take shape
Separate sausages from each other with knife or scissors (assuming you have a string of sausages)
I am grateful that the puppies came safely and were all healthy, I am grateful that Bella did an amazing job and I am grateful to P that I was allowed to be there.
The following state of affairs was submitted to the meeting:-
What have you got planned?
Fabio Capello’s attempt to explain to Rio Ferdinand why he is reinstating John Terry as England captain took a farcical twist when the two men failed to meet up despite both being at Old Trafford.
By the end of the 1700s one White Bine was selected out by Mr Golding.
Harry left us with these thoughts:
where I once entered and never came out.
I suppose this title could have been How A Mother Loses Her Blog Post. Haha!
A final thought...if something along the lines of "The Talk" really is considered hate speech as way too many wonks have put it, then what does that make the venom being spat at us by 99% of today's ultralib comedians who are more or less uncouth political pundits who haven't told a funny joke in over thirty years? Or the major newspapers for that matter, who have gone over into the deep end once occupied by THE VILLAGE VOICE and their "Marxist Chic" pose to the point where they're pretty much committing a slow suicide by alienating a great portion of their prospective customers? Or is living in the New Ameriga more of a one-way street than I ever thought it would have developed into since the days when Ronald Reagan pushed the left into even further reaches of totalitarian righteousness???
There’s the young, naive idealistic love found in the teenage Robbie. There’s the jaded, cynical, I-never-want-to-fall-in-love-because-I-did-I-got-hurt-and-it-sucks from the middle-aged Cal, who from the very beginning is trying to figure out how to deal with divorcing his wife. And then there’s the love-is-for-lames ethos of Jacob, who tries to help Cal get over his divorce by pushing him into the lion’s den of bachelorhood.
A set of 3 plastic key templates, which look as if I can use positive and negative.
pillow: zinc door
In jokingly making a comment about a possible crush leading to the showering, I inadvertently triggered a blush reflex in Boy that began at his feet and traveled up to his scalp. Of course, being the respectful mother I am I let it go...okay no way did that happen. After some teasing and jest the confirmation that there was not only a crush but a "girlfriend" came to light.
What? You didn't think I would show you my junk room, did you?
“She fitted into my biggest armchair as if it had been built round her by someone who knew they were wearing armchairs tight about the hips that season.”
We were returning home from Friday night mass at 7:30 pm on the first of December of last year. That was when it happened. Two men waylaid us on the way…
The ever more extensive breakup of the Soviet Union and Yugoslavia, and the former Soviet Union and former Yugoslavia, correlated with – and more than correlated with – the development of NATO as an expansionist, aggressive and bellicose regional and global military force.
At the age of 18 you will become diabetic and that will in turn show you how strong you are. You will learn to take charge of your life and eat healthier.
When we feel this way, we often turn on the others and blame them for not doing what they should have done to be healthy, happy, successful, so that we can feel okay in our role of ” being responsible for their reality.”
The Central Public Information Officer (CPIO) at the G.I. Registry – Prashant Kumar S. Bhairappanavar – had consented to giving us all the information. He informed us that the information that we requested had run into a total of 659 pages and that we would have to pay him a total of Rs. 6,950 towards photocopying charges i.e. Rs. 10 per page. Anybody who has filed a RTI Application with the Central Govt. must be aware that the cost of photocopying a single page is actually Rs. 2 and not Rs. 10. This amount is specified by the Central Govt. in the rules drafted under the RTI Act, 2005 and which is available over here. In short the G.I. Registry was charging us 5 times the prescribed cost under the RTI Rules. This when the Patent Office and Trade Mark Registry were charging us only Rs. 2 per photocopy. Obviously aggrieved by the decision, we filed an appeal before Dr. Kardam, who is the Appellate Authority for all appeals against the orders of the CPIO at the G.I. Registry. Annexed to the appeal was a copy of the Right to Information (Regulation of Fee and Cost) Rules, 2005) notified by the Central Govt. under which the cost of photocopying was meant to be Rs. 2. We were under the impression that this was a routine appeal which would have been definitely allowed.
Soon after moving to the Twin Cities from Southern California, I thought about joining a fitness club. But I wondered, With my mornings scheduled full with message preparation and my evenings already overflowing with meetings and programs, how can I realistically expect to add an exercise regimen?
Take your PERSONAL religious BELIEFS, either for or against, and shove it up so high and so far that you gag in it and die! When the bullets start flying NO ONE CARES WHAT YOU BELIEVE and quite frankly I cannot give a S.H.I.T.
And I would argue that orphan ministries, which are most often "to the nations," are a very good example of this.
That's it!!
Justin Torres's tiny novel "We the Animals" - I can't get over it, keep re-reading it. Oh man. A novel in 140 pages, these bombshell tiny chapters. Reading it feels like living a whole life. A life is inside there. It feels like some kind of miracle, what he did.
She quickly rises from her chair and glances at her wrist watch, “Please…, wait. Come get Martin. After a couple of hours, if he doesn’t influence the group to talk…, yes, release them after we call Reverend Moseley to witness them. It’ll be a relief to me too.” She runs the palm of her hand firmly up and down the right side of her emerald green short skirt to smooth out a wrinkle. “Then we can go on an over night hike Saturday and watch the moon rise. I’ll pack more food this time; you eat like a bear.” She giggles. “The mountain trails are beautiful now.”
Alright guys, I promise, this time I am back for real. You will once again be granted access to my vast knowledge, wisdom, and lack of spelling ability.
The secret by law
to that aforementioned san diego office.
Frost top layer of cake with whipped topping. Top with raspberries and sprinkle with macaroon crumbles. Yum.
Image : Wikipedia
Plans are well underway to move to NL in about a month. What an undertaking. Well worth the effort but somewhat daunting. Don't expect much in the way of blogging for the next while though I do have some almost finished posts ready to schedule so I won't disappear completely. It appears that I will be in my home town of Change Islands at exactly the same time that I was last year. I'm looking forward to walking some of the same trails and climbing some of the same hills I did a year ago. I don't think anything will be as magical as that trip was but perhaps it'll be close. And who knows, perhaps it'll be better! The milky way still lowers itself each night like a starlit blanket and the ocean will still be that remarkable blue that I've rarely seen in any other setting. I'll dream under the North Star and become inspired by the setting sun. I believe in magic. It's that place that makes me believe, so why not?
The sun was warm and in it I laid. But the water was frigid and in it I did not stay.
2) God’s knowledge and control of nature is presented as a source of consolation to His people
I'm tempted to find some glaze to use on these too.. I've never, ever used it before... I know, gasp.
- Don't change your sheets unless (a) they smell and (b) someone is coming round
Cade Williams is no ordinary man. His ability to cross over to the other side makes him uniquely qualified to command the Church’s special operations division. As a modern-day Knight, Cade can use the curse that has scarred his soul as a weapon against the forces of darkness. But a new kind of unholy war is brewing — and soon Cade may be the last man standing…between the living and the dead.
I was a great student. All through school, I got the best grades, I was in the hardest classes, I was a top performer. I did what I was told, I participated in class. A teacher's dream. I still remember the one C I ever got on a report card, in 4th grade math, after I had switched schools in the middle of the school year. I was pretty upset about it then. Thank goodness I was still able to get into the high school and college of my choosing...
I’m not sure what’s so unusual about it being cool, but I’ll let it slide.
The company expects fiscal 2011 net sales of about $558 million, a decrease of about 1 percent versus the prior year. That’s not as bad as the 18 percent, but it is a decline.
My Scamp has been busy this year, improving body and mind. She's doing Qi Gong, tai chi, oil painting, water coloring, camera technique, and her regular bicycle workout. She also did the Thanksgiving dinner, which was just as good as Mother used to make (well, MY mother; I don't know about YOUR mother).
The blender I got is 700 watts - pretty powerful for a department-store blender. Lots of people who eat a raw diet use either Blendtec or the Vita-Mix, but my Target Michael Graves blender was under $40, and it does a GREAT job.
The steaming chicken gleamed up at me like slime-coated entrails.
copied from different websites…
At nationals all the Roller Skaters in the U.S. compete only the top 3 get medals. World Class and Juinior World Class skaters compete to see who will represent us at the World Championships.
I had a vintage red shade of paint chosen for the lower half of the wall. But, last summer I started waffling. Too much red, I kept thinking. I've decided to wait until the wallpaper is up to decide. I may end up with a light shade of green.....or even an off white.
ii) They are able to adapt the sunlight and go to the beach like a real man now.
I saw it the day it came out. And then again the next day. Cuz I'm like that.
And I’m done! Night time routine finished. I am spent. I take my Pill with a final swig of water and turn to Paul to let the magic begin… Except of course, it’s taken me so long to get here that my darling boyfriend is now fast asleep. Brilliant.
Bethsheba
Of course the congenial hairdresser started off with the usual gambits: how long have you lived here? do you have kids? etc Then came the million dollar question ………. “do you work?”
Ryan: true
Jonathan Bate has recently done a lot to redress this view of Clare with his marvellous biography and a new edition of the poems, taking them back to Clare's original intention, with minimal, sensible editing for clarity and consistency in punctuation. They are, of course, pretty rough-hewn - but artfully, deliberately so - and are far more beautiful than the ones that Taylor edited.
I’ve shared photos of this edible herbal garden before but haven’t really discussed it much.
Push away from the internet! Try this on for size, rather than relying on some external source of motivation from that latest web-site or newest on-line fitness community, look inward to find the help you need in reaching your next goal or accepting a new challenge. The first step is to open a dialog with yourself and make sure you are on the same page. Think we’re insane? Try this exercise right now with your big niño or big chica voice (open up the pipes no matter where you are at! We did this in the bathroom here at CultFit HQ…): Say out loud what your fitness goal(s) may be. “I want to run a marathon next month for the first time”, “I eat like mierdaand, party hard and workout at Curves after work”, “I just saw 143 amazing new Fitness moves on Pintrest. These will help me reach my established goals in life.” You guys get the point we hope?!? To capture your attention and draw an eerie parallel, we introduce to you this morning: PORN LOGIC!!!
Babydust and sweet dreams to all xxxx
Teenager grinned at me and said, “Wow…that has never happened before. Ever.”
1) When proposing, the number 1 rule is to think of her. Always, always, always have her in mind when planning the proposal.
* 7-8 cups of bread flour
Reinforcing your child is very important. Why not check out this information that has helped so many parents get in touch with their children in a way that some may never realize. After all, you may already have a strong bond with your children, and they might be happy and feel loved, but they do have a “love tank” and there can never be too much love inside of it.
JANICE: There are times when an author needs to get outside the book and into a school with her readers. What better place than Bradfield Elementary in Highland Park ISD? And what better grade than fourth? The amazing team of teachers used A Paradise Called Texas and the sequels, Willow Creek Home and Spirit of Iron in depth. In fact the children know my books better than I remember!
1 out of every 50 people is a sociopath.
These include that South Africa’s borders are porous and controls on entry and exit are easily circumvented. It is also relatively easy to obtain fraudulent documents to live and work in South Africa under an assumed name. It would provide little challenge to an Al Qaeda cell to infiltrate any weaponry or personnel into the country ahead of the World Cup. Indeed if a terror attack were on the cards Al Qaeda’s track record in planning suggests that this may already have occurred.
And I have Butterick 5682 and all of those girls look great in their jeans, right?
Some taxpayers get more time to file without having to ask for it. These include:
To that I say yes. When I first came, I was concerned about proverty, writing about it on this very blog. It seemed to be common, yet not as easily observable either. I tried to grasp it, wanted to understand it more. I think I succeeded in that, but I also wanted to be a solution. I was concerned about issues of family economics, and wondered what I could do to involve myself in its alleviation. Coming from a political science background, and volunteering under the name of a development agency, albeit its heavily political nature, this was my default mode. In fact, it was one of the reasons why I applied for this.
What is so fun about CQ (crazy quilting) is that it is no holds bared.
Self: “He’s saying he’s heard you were in psychoanalysis and you would take the novel in MS to your analyst – which if true does beg the question of why your analyst didn’t pay you.” (Much laughter and applause.)
As an Affiliate Member you can qualify for Minerva GLOBAL REWARDS for contributing to the growth of MinervaPlace.com. Here’s how it works. When you drive traffic to your site, you are enhancing the value of the MinervaPlace global brand, which translates to more money paid to Minerva from advertisers. Minerva rewards you with a share of that revenue.
WANTED: Former dictator in search of real family. Grave error made in central processing. Likely candidates include presidents, kings, or really indulgent rich guys. Must be currently childless and in need of small, beautiful, but strong-willed little girl to lavish with all of life’s luxuries and mentor to wildly successful business or political top dog. World leaders with net worth of less than US$2.5 billion need not apply. Must have fleet of impressive cars, access to or willingness to procure pretty pink ponies, and aversion to brussel sprouts. Interested parties should forward resume, references and notorized financial statement to wrongmommy@theuniversebitthebigoneonthis.com. Please reply ASAP; fake family is seriously cramping my style.
Yet his lyrics and poetry challenge the 1960s Godhead aesthetic, what Hunter Thompson called ‘the essential old mystic fallacy of the Acid Culture: the desperate assumption that somebody—or at least some force—is tending the Light at the end of the tunnel.’ Morrison wasn’t interested in becoming a drop in the ocean. He wanted to celebrate the reptile brain. He was the Lizard King of the city and the desert and a stalker of late-night bars. Following his heroes Blake and Huxley, Morrison searched for a heightened and intensified version of reality and the world. Everything should appear as it is: infinite. Blue skies and the taste of chrome in your mouth. It is an essentially secular vision.
Immediately I grabbed the rest of the series that I could find in the proper reading order. The first book set the scene for the rest of the books. The Viscount Who Loved Me was a fantastic second book to follow.
It’s those who conquer self who pass the test.
A bunch of very angry, very powerful people who ran the local religious establishment started meeting in smoke-filled back rooms after that night, determined to take Jesus down.
There is inherent risk in almost any sport.
We DO NOT know how long this road may continue to be. WE do not KNOW what the world will say and throw in her direction. But Marissa- has prepared for this battle. The armor is on. She is standing on the Word. Leaning on the promises of God.
The following is the original post from May 2, 2011:
Beer #3 from the parents stash...
2) Spend three weeks in a renovated cotton mill in the woods of upstate New York, drawing, projecting, building, and discussing architecture. Arts Letters & Numbers, run by the Cooper Union's David Gersten, "is conceived of as: an architecture, a theater, a film, a drawing, a conversation, an action, a reenactment and a school, all inside each other." The workshop will begin "by drawing in the landscape with the elements; fire, air, water, and earth. These explorations will be a starting point for an evolving conversation between inside and outside, between fire and film, water, theater, air, drawing, earth and architecture. The entire site will be used to explore these interactions and develop amplifying exchanges and unpredictable questions."
And if you can trust your own gut, you don’t have to agonize whether you can trust other people. The gut knows. The gut speaks. The gut is right!
Rock climbing or sky diving?
i answered him with the basics.
I had been away from the gym for 2 days, it felt like forever.
To prepare custard cream:
On the other side of the debate is an equally powerful mutant named Eric Lensherr, better known by his alias, Magneto, and his Brotherhood of Mutants. They tend to be disenfranchised from society and are distrustful of the intentions of the rest of humanity. Magneto and his team believe a war is coming and that they must be prepared for that day.
I can hear you breathing.
Draw in your own string or stem without worrying about getting it to line up. Stamp both images first, then connect starting from the prop to the animal using a straight edge (or just freehand to match the set.)
You may be stunning and may have a brilliant mind, but the world will pass you by if you do not embrace it with confidence.
*Of course just spending time realizing how much I have to be Thankful for!
Another great Spring maintenance task is cleaning the windows, screens and window hardware and replacing any screens. If you live in Westhills and have screens on your windows, it is unlikely at this point you’ll have to replace any, however, it is good to get into the habit of checking each year. While you are out cleaning your windows open the valve to your outside hose connection, assuming we’re past the threat of any frost! (Let’s hope so…. right?!) Also, take a peek at the leveling of any exterior steps or deck to ensure that nothing has moved as a result of frost or settling.
Seven Are the Horns of Satan by The Happy Kids
Add heavy cream to obtain the good consistency : not too runny and not too thick.
8.) I can start a campfire from scratch.
I tend to make more bracelets than anything with lampwork beads but I'm determined to make a necklace one of these days!
In June 1784, on Neefe’s recommendations, Ludwig Van Beethoven, was appointed organist of the court of Maximillian Franz, Elector of Cologne. He was 14 years-old. This post enabled him to frequent new circles, other than those of his father and friends of his family. Here he met people who were to remain friends for the rest of his life: The Ries family, the Von Breuning family, and the charming Elenore, Karl Amenda—the violinist, Franz Gerhard Wegeler—a doctor, and a dear friend who also went to Vienna, etc.
I've always liked the combo of black & brown, so I took
1. Eating Well
1/2 c. butter, melted
“The parampara system of disciplic succession is very important as a means of spiritual success. One becomes a mahat by the grace of his mahat spiritual master. If one takes shelter of the lotus feet of a great soul, there is every possibility of one’s also becoming a great soul. When Maharaja Rahugana asked Jada Bharata about his wonderful achievement of spiritual success, he replied to the King that spiritual success is not possible simply by following the rituals of religion or simply by converting oneself into a sannyasi or offering sacrifices as recommended in the scriptures. These methods are undoubtedly helpful for spiritual realization, but the real effect is brought about by the grace of a mahatma. In Visvanatha Cakravarti Thakura’s eight stanzas of prayer to the spiritual master, it is clearly stated that simply by satisfying the spiritual master one can achieve the supreme success in life, and in spite of executing all ritualistic performances, if one cannot satisfy the spiritual master, one has no access to spiritual perfection.”
I always think of Sparks 4th album, Propaganda, as Kimono My House II. Although you had gone by that time, did you have any input into the songs that eventually turned up on the outcome?
But awake in life
As you wish!
With only a week to figure things out, Sam needs all the help he can get. Luckily he lives in Seattle, which has nearly as many paranormal types as it does coffee places. But even with newfound friends, will Sam be able to save his skin?
Anyhow, in case you haven't already heard, the Brits made a pretty good showing, given that there were only a pitiful 51 beers entered, which I've got to be honest I'm really shocked about. I'm aware that times are hard in the industry but surely the world-wide benchmark competition is something you should always enter?
If you are using a standing mixer or doing by hand it is pretty much the same. Mix the first ingredients, except the raisins. Knead until the dough is soft and supple, slightly tacky, adding flour or water as needed to make it so. (as chef Piccard might say)
Eli Lilly filed for en banc review, and the Federal Circuit denied the motion by a narrow 5-4 margin. A dissenting opinion authored by Newman (and joined by Rader, Lourie and Linn) argued that the law of double patenting "has become distorted by divergent statements":
Welcome to my life!
And there is no doubt it will be pretty!
I'd just really like to pass this class week.
Christmas on Chestnut Street ... LMN ... 6 PM
“I’m a recruiter, Franklin. This is an interview.”
The trendy thing in blogdom right now is to choose a word that defines or creates a theme for the new year. Somewhat of a one word summation of all your goals and resolutions. So being the trendy (ahem) lady that I am I have decided to follow my fellow bloggers with a word to motivate and direct my decisions for 2012. Ready? Here it is-- Take Chances. (Yes, I realize it's actually two words.)
Preheat oven to 425°.
Investigating Cells
I blame it on my failing eye sight. *And by eye, I mean one eye, remember, I only have vision in one eye ... and it's showing it's age!
Time to complete: 6 hours
Viskum S, Rabjerg L, Jorgensen PJ, Grandjean P. Improvement in semen quality associated with decreasing occupational lead exposure. Am J Ind Med 1999; 35: 257–263.
“Convened the Sanhedrin (the highest Jewish religious court/governing body). He had brought before them the brother of Jesus the so-called Christ, who was called James, and some other men, whom he accused of having broken the law, and handed them over to be stoned.” (Antiquities, Book 20, 200).
4. Ginger-garlic paste, 1teaspoon.
Yep! We have been wanting to do this for a long time and finally did. We originally thought Kyle and Dad would have been braces buddies, but because of insurance change we had to wait.
1471 D-VI/16/2003. “Our Year with Euclid: A Recapitulation.” Alumni Course, The Basic Program of Liberal Education for Adults, The University of Chicago, Chicago, Illinois.
Good morning little one. It's Friday and I am so happy it is. I need some rest this weekend!
Wake up people! Property is anything the “Nation” decides it to be. If they decide tomorrow that white people’s land houses cars furniture, mines, banks etc, needs to be expropriated, they will do so without batting an eyelid.
Less body weight means less stress and trauma on your lower torso joints, i.e. the hips, knees and ankles.
An evaluation typically has two components. There are the strong points or strengths that you bring to the organization and your job and then there are the lacking attributes that you also bring. We all have both. Some have more than others. Many nurses develop their tool box of strengths over time as their experience grows. So sometimes you just can’t do much about the strong points, especially when they come from experience. This is mostly true for new nurses.
Ramon Perez (Sona) Sakura Cream, Black Okinawa Sugar, Alpine Strawberry, Cherry-Blossom Yogurt-Sorbet
important things that must be done,
Just like life, sometimes we have to go through some ugly stages
Stamping smile 4 our kids, Karen
they have no legs to run; so,
Violin Sonatas Nos.1 and 3
No, Country Gourmet Home takes great pride
The common wisdom is that it was developed so that Chief Minister Abdul Taib Mahmud could use it as an excuse to log the 23,000 hectares of virgin rainforest in the dam catchment area and deliver the timber into the hands of timber barons.
But there is a happy outcome to this story. Prepare to be very, very jealous. You see, they called the head of Security Training - oh yes, the Head of Security Training - over and they have decied that my brain (not yours, MINE) is going to be used as part of their training manual. I said that I'd have to charge for this. They actually for several moments looked as though they thought I was being serious, but I decided not to push my luck and I quit while I was not really ahead. But anyway, yes, I am proud to tell you that it is now the case that my brain is part of the training for airport security.
Gaia agreed vehemently. “People in Britain will eventually reach the breaking point,” she said. “Just beneath the surface people are really, really angry, and it will take just a little spark to set it off. The hostage situation in Iran only made it worse.”
"I've seen strange creatures around here, but that's scary," said parkgoer Lawrence Emerson, 37.
"Hey! Sarge or Lieutenant or Captain or whoever you are...."
I am so frustrated right now.
the colors look so much better at night...
My advice is to never stop. Personally, when I start writing the ideas just spill out. Take something ordinary, like an "F" on a science test, and turn it into a maze of ideas to write about. That way you're able to create your own realities and escape the real world.
5. Tonny Odera and R. L. Malinowski (2011), Guidelines for Assisting Victims of Human Trafficking in the East Africa Region, International Organization for Migration(IOM) ,Geneva, Switzerland. Available online here
After our session, we headed to Verizon. Because my phone was acting up. Sigh. I put our names on the waiting list, and sent Captain America off to Howdys to get us some drinks. See, I was thinking. I facebooked for a while, and after about 20 minutes, they called my name. Captain America was there about 5 minutes after that.
"I respected my family and friends' religious beliefs, in a detached, social-sciency sort of way, while secretly believing that faith in God was not only the opiate of the masses but the refuge of people too craven to accept the fact of their own mortality. " because essentially that is what I believe. My lack of faith has evolved over the last ten years or so and for many reasons
What I'm keeping:
centering in a pool
side note:
Brooks falls into the dualisms. Dualist ideas of creative vs non-creative, human vs animal, free will vs neurological causality – these are zombies of modern thought and because of rapid technological change in the means of production (global interconnectedness through computers, currency exchanges, international credit and shipping routes) there is fear of creativity in our current culture. This zombie metaphor for creative action is a parody of the powerlessness individuals feel caught up in dualistic competitions. Brooks refers to sports and wars.
At left: Joel Ann Chandler, owner of the Mauldin Open-Air Market, presents Mauldin (SC) City Council with 2800 signatures of her customers, as well as others who value local small business. (Monday night, Sept, 19, 2011) Chandler has operated the market for 30 years, and the land has been in her family since the 20s.
After wandering through Restoration on Fulton St. in a hypoglycemic stupor, I made my way to Crown Heights just in time to see Council Member Letitia James (Tish to friends) doing her best to drum up business for the Franklin Av/Sterling Pl Flea Market.
I personally try to eat about 80 percent of my food raw, including raw eggs and organic, naturally raised meats.
Shag licked one of his own nose spots then tenderly took the grass from Moons paw and began to shovel it into his mouth.
* Clear Itsy Glitzy
I was in a training bra for about five seconds, and the next thing I remember I was fourteen years old, standing in a department store dressing room with my mother, and she was gasping, “Good lord! Where in god’s name have you been hiding those?! I had NO idea!”
It’s amazing to me that some of us, especially as baby Christians try to make God’s Word what we want it to be rather than the truth that is there before us. Its fine, it’s good, it’s healthy to negotiate with a friend, a relative, a business associate, but not with God’s Word. The grass withers, the flower fades, but the Word of our Lord stands forever. As we begin this summer and we have more time with our families…as most of our children are out of school…as parents, mentors, friends, uncles, aunts are we asking powerful questions and giving powerful answers to young lives?
Leibowitz was born in Israel, retains dual US and Israeli citizenship and is the product of a far Left academic family. To give you an idea on how far off the charts and self-hating he is, Leibowitz acted as pro bono lawyer for 'Palestinian' Fatah terrorist Marwan Barghouti, who was convicted in Israeli civil court of masterminding the murder of five Israelis and is now serving a life sentence. Leibowitz described Barghouti as 'like Moses'. Leibowitz used to be a lawyer in the state of New York as well, but his law license was yanked for some of his activities and has not been reinstated.
Today's rules!
One of the great ironies of life, and of art, is that out of pain is born beauty. A country is torn apart by war. A mother dies young. Artists hundreds of years apart give birth to story and music that will become the stuff that dreams are made of. Such is the path of this ballet. –Cinderella.
I checked my camera and shifted outside, then a few feet up to the side of the house. I crept to the same front window and peeked inside. The smell of cigars and booze preceded the picture inside. There were about 8 men inside smoking and playing cards, laughing and drinking. Principal Sal was in the mist of it all.
My usual approach when shopping for clothes has been to make selections based on the following: will it cover me? will it hide what should be hidden – rolls and bumps, excess cleavage, etc.? Not will it look good or flattering on me, but will it look decent, acceptable, not obscene? Not is this something that I’ll enjoy wearing and that matches who I am and how I want people to see me, but can I wear it without people pointing, sneering, laughing, or looking away in embarrassment or disgust? Some of this may be my own self-consciousness talking, but it has been a struggle, especially at my higher weights, to buy clothes that I could wear to work that I felt were appropriate and not getting attention for all the wrong reasons.
Doing things when I want at the exact time I want is a thing of the past. I have to schedule my life around what works best for our child.
9:30am-9:50am- BOOKED by Fany
Christine wakes up every morning in an unfamiliar bed with an unfamiliar man. She looks in the mirror and sees an unfamiliar, middle- aged face. And every morning, the man she has woken up with must explain that he is Ben, he is her husband, she is forty-seven years old, and a terrible accident two decades earlier decimated her ability to form new memories.
I found it very interesting that they put information about the legends of dragons in China. Supposedly the dragon stands as a symbol for the great unity of the Chinese nation. It says some Chinese considered themselves as descendants of a dragon. The dragon was the symbol of the emperor, yet people used to worship the dragon because they believed it would bring the timely winds and rains for their crops. The dragon was seen as a symbol of harmony. Not a great deal of information, but certainly the little bit there was I found to be quite interesting. I like it when chart books come with little bits of information like this one did. The pattern book Ancient Egyptian Cross Stitch by Barbara Hammet had a lot of information about ancient Egypt to go along with the beautiful patterns that were in there.
That child may then seek those qualities in all his important relationships, throughout his life. But if someone never experiences those things, how will he know what to look for?
Well, I haven’t told you the entire story the way a lousy book reviewer does, because it’s Stan’s story to tell and I want you to enjoy it the way he unfolds it. So purchase a copy of the book here in the U.S. or here in the U.K. Follow Stan on Twitter. Visit his Blog. Show him some love.
The Maestro Quads have been around for years, but it was only last year that I was introduced to these lovely palettes. It started when I purchsed the limited edition 2011 Mediterranean Eye palette. I was so impressed with the colors, texture and overall quality of the palette that I decided to get another one from the permanent line. The Maestro line has six different quads (Armani calls them harmonies) to choose from, and after some deliberation, I chose no. 2 Floral.
- 3 jalapenos, chopped (remove seeds for a milder heat)
Having felt pretty much like a sucker for shelling out way too much money for the deluxe re-issues of Exile On Main Street (on the bonus DVD Robert Frank's Cocksucker Blues is cut down to 10 minutes? I mean, why bother?) and a Get Your Ya Ya's Out box set, I was delighted to find falling through my mail slot what is most definitely the greatest Rolling Stones bootleg ever assembled-- The Genuine Black Box 1961-1974 (Scorpio), a six CD set of studio outtakes, demos, radios show recordings and other rarities -- 144 tracks in all, by the same folks that gave us the best Dylan (Genuine Basement Tapes Vol.1-5 which they superseded with the sonically upgraded four CD A Tree With Roots box, Genuine Live 1966, an 8 CD collection of the entire '66 U.K. tour with the Hawks, and Genuine Bootleg Series Take 1-3, three triple CD set of the best un-issued tracks from all eras), Velvet Underground (the triple CD Dispatches From The Dream Factory) and many previous Stones boots over the years.
The more doubt beings to call
In the Madame's Hat Box / Stephanie Berger
Idea? check.
Tomorrow I head to Paris, and I dunno, what the heck. I'll have whatever is necessary and if I don't, I'll wear a lot of att-i-tude. But the recent spate of cold weather and snow in France does have me a bit flummoxed. Comfort and warmth versus chic-enough? But what I've learned is that it really doesn't matter... within parameters.
There is no way this can be demonstrated by observation, but the existence of a multiverse stands the scrutiny of science and, according to Gribbin, is a logical outcome of what we know about the physics of our universe.
Muller responds: “Tranny Banny Fo Fanny Me My Mo Manny? She’s Cambodian,” and then goes on to describe sex with a person “into wearing nylons” as “disconcerting. As these things go.”
Whedon is no stranger to juggling multiple characters and story lines. His television series have all featured ensemble casts, and every character always gets their moment to shine. Even the most minor of characters often became key players by the end of a season of “Buffy” or “Angel”. In a lot of ways “The Avengers” reminded me of a season finale of a TV show; what with all of these major characters coming together for a huge battle against a seemingly unstoppable force. It wraps up story threads from the heroes’ individual movies as well as set up plot lines for future films. This is a movie where it could have been very easy for one or more of our heroes to get the short end of the stick, but Whedon balances the characters brilliantly and makes sure they each have their big moment and the right amount of screen time.
I looked up
to them, was sleeping in the living
The appointment is to take effect as soon as practicable, Sime Darby said in a filing to Bursa Malaysia today.
Not looking back with regret
The Bottom Line
gingered forbidden black rice
But would I call it "impersonal"? Probably not. Obviously, Audiard felt a desire to make a movie about this character in these situations in the manner that he did; I have my doubts as to how successfully he has been able to convey those intentions in his filmmaking, but nevertheless...well, hey, the movie exists, doesn't it?
Q: What else can you do to help my business get the most for our advertising dollars?
My friends’ mom had a puppet-making table set up for us. She didn’t have a lot of stuff, but she had good stuff. Clever stuff. I chose two googly eyes from a package, a blue cloth button nose, and a red Twizzler-shaped tongue made out of fabric cord.
Osip Mandelstam opted out of the great debate between Westernising and Russophile intellectuals. Born in Warsaw to middle class Jewish parents and raised in St Petersburg, he was fascinated from an early age not with industrial northern Europe but with the ancient civilisations of the Mediterranean. Mandelstam's poetry brings together, in a strange but unaffected way, the turbulent Russia of the early twentieth century, with its barricaded streets and cavalry charges over frozen lakes, and the warm, pagan, sensual Greece of Homer and Aristophanes. The black soil of the ancient south is slipped under the blood-stained snows of revolutionary Russia. Mandelstam welcomed the overthrow of Tsarism in February 1917, and he was able to publish his poems and earn a living as a journalist during the first few years of Bolshevik rule, but Stalin's rise to power in the mid-'20s was a disaster for him.
Here's a closer look at this cutie. The image was stamped with Memento Tuxedo Black ink and colored with Copic markers. I even colored the patterned paper to add some shading. That is a great trick, and really adds a lot of depth to the finished project. Below, you can find all the details about this challenge, and don't forget to drop by the Peachy Keen Challenge Blog to see what all the DT gals have created using this sketch. Great things await you!!!
Life is too short to not use your body to it’s best potential, and this is explored by commitment and living a life with passion to experience your fully functioning mind body collaboration.
It is a calm, mellow day in the summer. Two friends Named: JASON LEWIS AND MARIO BALLOTELI
The Deluxe is the perfect starter HTPC. With 2TB of Memory, a fast processor capable of handling any video and audio you throw a it this will pay for itself in months with the money you would have spent on movies, cable tv or subscription services. Check out our guides that tell you how to effectively replace cable!
As a whole, the film is quite effective at delivering 'chills'. Despite the fact that the film starts out rather slow, and has a hokey ending, the scenes where everyone is trapped in the lodge are very effective.
We don’t yet have details of the current application. In the past, NAMA has taken legal action against individuals to enforce personal guarantees or to secure personal judgments, but it should be stressed that we do not know if either of these objectives lies behind the current application.
It was very childish and quite funny to us, but as I was reminiscing, I realized that the rationale behind the joke was that we were merely confirming what we regarded as fact. The "elements" on the table were tangible, and to argue with our proclamations would have been illogical. But we also had no reason to doubt that the news of the Resurrection was anything other than fact. We listened and repeated it and came to know, in our hearts, that it was true.
Decas is available via Metal Blade Records November 8th
The story then moves forward to Brandenburg in 1993. The Berlin Wall has fallen, and many of the former GDR’s citizens resent the way in which their history is being written by West Germans, or ‘Wessies’. Michael Ritter, an English language teacher and a published author of a collection of short stories, ‘Workers’ Dawn’, is informed that his teaching contract won’t be renewed, largely in part because Ritter was a former Party member in the GDR and is seen as politically suspect in the newly unified Germany. Ritter has long detested the Westernisation of the former East Germany, and particularly the crass commercialism that has colonised his country, and his sacking only confirms his prejudices. Shortly afterwards, Ritter’s mother dies, sending Ritter off on a search for a Pastor Bruck of Bad Saarow with her dying words, which suggest that Pastor Bruck will be able to shed some light on the identity of the father Ritter has never known. Michael’s quest sends us back in time to 1962, when the novel takes on some of the tropes of the classic Cold War spy novel.
The question of the month, what are you doing, or what did you do, for National Volunteer Appreciation Week? Large events, small events, many words of appreciation or few words of appreciation, it’s hard to know, in my opinion, what is the “correct” thing to do. How do we ensure that every volunteer knows how much we appreciate them?
“Since Einstein’s Special Theory of Relativity, we know that time and space cannot be separated: if you travel across physical space, you are travelling through time as well. When I was given that bouquet of flowers in Iran, the past caught up with me. I had been running, turned round and saw a shadow. I realised I had managed to destroy my life piece by piece. I destroyed almost everything. Lovers, career, options, the potential for wealth, peace of mind, success. I somehow managed to throw away all the possibilities. My failure at the Burnt City was too great to recover from. When I saw the site for the first time, remember I shit in my pants? When I sat in that tent and saw the sunlight coming through the flap and saw the desert, boundless and bare, stretching beyond. I couldn’t deal with it. I could feel the ground starting to go down and down in a spiral under my feet. I could see and feel Time sucking me in. But the irony is that, as an archaeologist, I don’t feel I’m dealing in dead and destroyed things. I feel the continuity and the importance of what has survived, lasted and developed. Archaeologists don’t uncover dead civilizations. They uncover the interplay between events and people.
My parents just said - May they enjoy the beauty of the flowers and come to appreciate what it took to grow them and perhaps realize the error of their ways...
My younger brother is getting married and I am thinking this is going to have to be part of his gift!
We're back to rain again, but it looks like next weekend should be sunny. This time I hope the forecast is right!
Only a sister can be the kind of friend who really knows you,
Even though RENO 911! is back for the sixth season, some fans will be mourning the loss of their favorite deputy/deputies.
I don't know if our baby seeking story is over. The balance of wants/desires have changed for me. I have more moments where I have accepted my "only" child than not. I have less and less moments of the deep-seated desire for a second child. I had started coming to terms with it before the last failed cycle. I am ok if V is our one and only.
Not only are these local safety patrols out of their league when it comes to investigating crimes but their adherence to enforcing the law equally is just as suspect. As was pointed out in an editorial in the New York Post, while the frantic search was being conducted for Leiby Kletzky, an influential rabbi (Shmuel Kamenetsky whose word is law within the Orthodox Jewish community) was stating that Jews must first report cases of suspected child sexual abuse committed by another Jew to their rabbi first; and the rabbi will then decide if the local authorities need to be notified. Does this instill confidence that the local safety patrols will place the needs of the state (and the victim) over the needs of their religion? This arrangement advocated by Rabbi Kamenetsky sounds like a self protecting racket pulled straight from the pages of the Catholic Church.
I have so much to tell about the party. I thought I threw a good party but this one was really fantastic.
ስመኝ የምስራች
She hadn’t really wanted to chat about her day, apart from mentioning that the boy who picks on her is still doing so. I think this is a big part of why she doesn’t physically want to go through the doorway in the morning, I hope the school respect my request for them not to be in the same class from September (there are two classes).
Mrs. Justice
The evening light was beautiful ...........
All I did was add a ring of that stinky, smell glue to the rim of the candlestick, then carefully pushed the glass onto it. The benefit of working with glass is that when you attach them together, you can see through and make sure that things are perfectly lined up!
I must say that it is the second man whom we should try to emulate. His general spirit should be our "template". His response to King Lear tells us not just of his openness to new experience or a healthy curiosity: to formulate his advantage in such ways would be to fall into the very utilitarian faith in reduction and measurement that appears to diminish the first man! The second man has a spiritual advantage, which I link to my own views on aesthetics. He feels experience and reflection to be intrinsically valuable rather than as a mere means to score a goal or have a rational calculation of reality. He is also responding to Shakespeare in exactly the way Shakespeare intended for his plays to be received. All of Shakespeare - and, come to think of it, all of the best of the arts - is intended to help us to become different sorts of people as a result of our experience.
Which brings us back to the question: why on earth are breweries backsliding into this tasteless muck? Well, turns out a lot of people enjoy a mild, fizzy beer from time to time. Some of them like decent beer but don't like ales and find most micros too strong; some of them recall their misspent youths--shotgunning Hamm's, say, not that I'd know anything about that--and have a nostalgic feeling for the flavor of liquid tin. Not to mention the cultural resonance of some of the old advertising. And some, while they dislike Bud, don't like ponying up $5 a pint or $14 a half-rack. So there's a funky niche market there.
What? You mean someone would take a tape and edit it to make Tea Party protesters look like racists? Bull. It's some sort of Fox News/George W. Bush lie.
I’ll go ahead and apologize for my poorly lit photos. It’s dark here all the time, people. But Eric promises to build me a light box, so hopefully we’ll be snapping awesome photos soon.
Artist: VA
Sprinkle Chocolate over the fingers then spoon a layer of Cheese mix over that
Place the butter and flour into the bowl of a food processor with the salt, cayenne, mustard powder and cheeses. Process together to begin with, and then finely pulse the mixture in short spurts as you notice the mixture coming together - it will eventually bind without the need for egg or water. Wrap in cling film and leave to chill in the fridge for at least 30 minutes.
One of the things which turned me off about many Republicans when I was younger is their Ebenezer Scrooge-like attitude towards their fellow man. Perhaps this is a result of liberals trying to force charity out of their fellow citizens, trying to coerce people to 'love their neighbor.' Of course the liberal is wrong to do this. Charity is not charity if it is compulsory or coerced. But just because liberals use 'compassion' as an excuse for extorting money from the rest of us, from the productive, that does not make charity a bad thing, or compassion a weakness. It can be exploited, but only if we let it.
- James Brown - Star Time Disc Three - 1991
"It's the Holidays... I can't diet during the HOLIDAYS!"
I wish I could count how many times people with short hair have come to me about tips for short Hime hair. Well, all I can say is, it's a lot more common than you think! Here are some ideas. I can't exactly explain how to do any of them...as I haven't tried them all, but by lots of patience and playing around, it'll be a breeze to flaunt any of these hair styles ♥
Cuz this is how the promise breaks
he somehow found that in me
Plus--I doubt it has more than his medicine had and probably tastes the same!
3tbsp double cream
that she could remember through the years.
I made my way back to San Jose and stocked up on my favorite chili sauces, sunflower seed breakfast bars and as many dried plantain chips that I had room for. I meandered back to Calgary, flying through LAX, arriving home March 23rd, 2005. Coming back a different person, officially addicted to the excitement of experiencing a new place, culture and way of life for the first time.
The Five:
“I don’t care if I had a broken leg, I’m going to play in this game.”
Kind of reminds me of using a Macintosh :)
Living in South Australia we have some beautiful beaches here. I love going down just before sunset and having a walk, just enjoying the sights and sounds. Phil proposed to me just as it was raining at the beach just after I got here. Can’t get any more romantic than that.
Our Christmas Eve was AWESOME. As you know - we just got about a foot of new snow - and then just like Colorado, the next day it was sunny and 40. Perfect for sledding!
All right, on to the next example. Chapter 11, page 255.
On Saturday (November 12th) it was my husbands and my 6th Anniversary. For the 6th year we headed to Niagara-On-The-Lake and Niagara Falls for the weekend. We visited many wineries and tasted some amazing wines in both 20 Valley and in Niagara-On-The-Lake - came home with 11 yummy bottles of reds, mostly from the 2007 season as that was the best year for grapes.
Spray or brush with melted butter, sprinkle with cinnamon and sugar mixture, and roll it up like a jelly roll. Place in loaf pans, let rise a second time as usual, and bake as directed. I’ve made both loaves and rolls this way.
This study states that retroviruses could potentially be derived from lab animals and as many of us know, animals (to include rodents) are often used to grow the viruses that are used in vaccines. Can anyone say SV40 or PCV? (the viruses PCV I and II were recently found in the rotavirus vaccines available in America and Simian Virus 40 was found in the early polio vaccine).
It is not a secret that consuming the fatty acids found in fish brings many healthy benefits. The acids do wonders for our brains. In fact, Omega-3 is literally our brain’s fuel, helping to maintain its core functions. Our most important organ heavily relies on Eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and Docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), two long-chain Omega-3 fatty acids that our bodies cannot create. The only way to obtain those acids is through diet.
Team with the worst cards: Marlins, but Upper Deck didn't have a lot of time to get pictures of them.
Laura sprained her ankle in a softball game last night. She plays shortstop, and there was a close play at second. The runner slid, and the throw was high, so Laura had to jump to catch the ball. She tried not to land on the runner when she came down, and in doing so she landed on the side of her foot and sprained her ankle. She'll be on crutches for a few weeks, but she should be walking again in time for our trip to Disney World next month.
Since then we've all made a real effort to see each other as soon as we can.
it would be like the loose thread on an old argyle sweater
"The start of the Great War in 1914 generally upset all continuity of trade. Sales abroad dropped off, more particularly in bulk, due to the difficulty of securing transport, and also to the home demand and the Government restriction on brewery output. Sales in bottled ales and stouts still remained fairly steady during the four years of the War, although they also declined for similar reasons.
Now it’s followed by another loss.
Before the advent of digital photography the image was immpressd on film, now on the sensor, oviously they react in a different way and in both black and white an colour are different(and not better).
Six tonnes de chair
A note about the venue, because it’s relatively new. It was at the Neptune Theater, owned by Seattle Theater Group, who also operate the Paramount and Moore Theaters in downtown Seattle. A pretty cool little venue, an old restored theater at about 90 years old, big enough to book good bands and small enough to feel intimate. Try to get up there and see a show soon, they have some good shows coming up.
It's bathtime. I'm downstairs at my computer, working, separated from them by enough vertical space to call this away. The baby monitor is on, though. We keep the base in the upstairs bathroom, a neutral location that allows us to hear post-bedtime stirrings from each of the bedrooms. The listening end is down here, but in the other room.
And then you come and tell me the same reason as you did yesterday,
- for her merchandise, he traded in his prize.
And he, edging closer would say even more insistently, "One thing."
The change has been incremental, but over the years it has fundamentally altered the psyche of our people. We have been taught to be ashamed of our history, and to accept mass-immigration and the promotion of alien cultures at the expense of our own. We have become a people happy to embrace our own destruction.
If you happen to meet someone who happens to have kids, think about it many times, assess yourself whether or not you can really handle it. Know that it is a package deal; you are not only bringing in one person to your life but more, because the kids are part of his/her life at the time you met. They are like complementary goods. You can not have toothpaste without a toothbrush – they always come together, you can not have one without the other. So if you think it is too much for you to take and you can’t see yourself in such a living situation where you need to just accept your share of attention and whatever that is required from your partner, as well as the fact that you ought to please not only the person you love but his/her kids as well then better not get into the relationship because trial and error in this situation may hurt not only yourself but others too including the young innocent souls. It will be mean to push yourself in their life and stress your partner with your whining regarding your issues with his/her having the kids, remember that you are aware from the start of their existence. It is spiteful of you to make your partner feel that having his/her kids was a grave mistake to his/her life because they are getting in the way of both your happiness. It is not love when your thoughts are unkind.
Again just to paint the scene. The case is taking place in Court 26 at the Royal Courts of Justice in London. Court 26 is in the New Rolls Building just around the corner from the main courts building which is grand gothic edifice we generally see on TV. It’s a modern building, with an atrium and lots of glass, and Court 26 is modern also, no wooden cladding on the walls, hard-wearing carpet on the floor. The judge is seated on a bench of sorts but everyone else is on the same level save for the witness stand. There’s no press gallery. There are three rows of desks facing the judge, the first occupied by senior counsel, the second by junior counsel and the third by solicitors and behind them are two rows of chairs where everyone else is seated. And at 10.30 this morning there was hardly a seat remaining, with nearly 100 people in the 30 x 50 foot room. The judge Mr Justice David Richards has a gown but no wig and sits a couple of feet above everyone else. To either side of him is a carousel, like a tie rack, in which the many, many, many files in this case are accessible to him. Down on the floor there is a hive of activity even as the case is heard with yellow Post-It notes being passed up from the back to the solicitors to the barristers to the lead barristers, like salmon swimming upstream. The barristers are bewigged and be-gowned, and the lead barristers, judge and witness have microphones.
I thought about all the writers I know (yes, I mean you!) struggling every day to get their work out there, into the hands of a Herman Graf, and I suddenly felt so hopeful. You write, not knowing if your hard work will ever pay off but it’s clear to me that there are people who are waiting in the wings for you. People whose only desire is for you to succeed. I met one today. And he’s a gem.
He just laughed, smacked my cute backside, but wouldn’t back down.
Don’t blink. What will we miss next? C
Here is the same space a bit more organized.
2. Burgess, A H. Hops, 1964, p39-44.
There are so many degraded behaviors and beliefs in our culture that attempting to delineate them quickly devolves into the feeling that one is watching a train wreck in slow motion. Only this time it’s a disaster with many people you love and used to respect on board and there is nothing you can do to alter their zombie-like condition. In fact, you wonder if you can even save yourself as the train continues to plow on through, hurtling in your direction…and you’re tied to the tracks, directly in its path.
4. Sacrifice 4.20 (17/74)
Any others on the ballot paper I confess to remaining ignorant of, and therefore don't consider it a good use of my vote.
But that’s only the beginning. “The Roberts Court,” wrote Slate’s Dahlia Lithwick, is “slowly but surely… giving corporate America a handbook on how to engage in misconduct. In case after case, it seems big companies are being given the playbook on how to win even bigger the next time.”
Jó étvágyat! (Hungarian for bon appetit)
The comparison of now versus then jolted me back into my senses. When I was exposed to topics such as law of attraction, affirmations, consciousness studies and simultaneous time, I felt I had come home. These seemingly surreal topics resonated with me in a way that nothing had before. I remembered how I had spent the past several years devouring as much information as I could on these subjects and trying the concepts on for size.
Thank you all for reading and I hope you enjoyed this little post about this project I couldn't get out of my mind. Hats off to the person out there who thought of doing this with a book. You inspired me, whoever you are!
Using your hands again, shape the meat mixture into small rolls and place one in the center of each cabbage leaf. Tuck the edges of the leaf around the bottom of each roll and place in the baking dish.
The immediate results of the ruling is that it will allow LaShawm Merritt to defend his Olympic title in London – should he make the U.S. team which IS a valid condition of participation in the Games. It also opens up the door for Dwain Chambers to challenge his imminent omission from the Olympic Games by the British Olympic Association, as they have taken a position of banning British Athletes from participation in the Olympic Games if they have served past doping suspensions. Chambers may find himself still barred from participation however, as the Olympic Charter allows for each National Olympic Committee to set its own rules as to how it selects its Olympic team. Something to watch as the calendar turns to 2012 – especially given that the Games will be held in Britain.
Well, someone comes to the window, and the dude proceeds to get HIS order filled. He just TOTALLY took cuts. After he left, Andrea asked the chickie about it, and was like "Can you believe that that guy just took cuts? If that's helping, I don't need help!"
BF: It’s a no-brainer!
I approached Amazon, the publisher for Shaken, about this issue. I really wanted this book to be released at a low price, and without DRM.
Put mildly.....this woman has skills!
Before our difficulties began, one day as we were chatting, Kathy started to tell me about her “gentleman friend,” Mel. Mel came from a background similar to hers. He was the son of an evangelical Christian minister. In rebellion, he had turned to a life of “rock and roll and rebellion” (I translated this as engaging in sex, drugs, alcohol, and the like). Kathy told me that they were living together.
I didn't love them.
“Not compatible with life” … More like “Compatible with many, thousands of lives!”
When it's all dry, adhere to your project; I do use my tape runner for that part.
I'm due on the 22nd of this month and would love to be in a place by then but it's not looking likely!
The Ghost Writer: A Short Story By Liane M. Hoare
Gently tap each dish on the work surface to remove all the air bubbles and place them into a large roasting pan.
He promised that the vaccination campaign might take place possibly at the end of this month.
I went to church yesterday morning... and listened to a New Years sermon. I was in and out of the service, because of my loud youngest child, but God did speak to me.
Then, instead of entering the clergy, as any grateful scholarship boy with an MA should, Marlowe became a ‘a filthy Play-maker’ and gained a reputation as an atheist. Shortly after his death, pamphlets circulated, telling how he’d been killed in a tavern brawl, and calling him ‘a Poet of scurrilite’, and ‘a barking dogge.’ They said he ‘cursed and blasphemed to his last gaspe’, that he was killed ‘in a Baudy-house,’ and that, ‘Thus did God, the true executioner of divine justice, worke the ende of impious Atheists.’
The sized diapers range in sizes from xsmall to large and my little man uses both the large and medium sizes. The medium size fits him almost perfectly, but the large gives us that extra rise. What made me fall in love with the Charlie Banana diapers is that the waists of their diapers adjusts a little bit smaller than other diapers. At 10 months old, my little man was more like a chunky monkey and he was able to wear large sized diapers. Then he started crawling...and walking...and running! It didn't take long for him to morph from a chunky, long baby to a skinny, tall toddler. And then the large sized diapers didn't fit him around the waist, but our medium sized diapers didn't have a high enough rise. With the Charlie Banana diapers, I'm able to make the waist small enough on the large diapers to fit little man perfectly. Plus the triangular layout of the snaps help keep the front of the diaper from drooping.
Bob Kropp is still active as a songwriter, producer and musician in Nashville. Rick Zeigler owns Indy Records in Indianapolis and Shane Williams lives and works in the NY metro area.
Anything I do will have to work with the citron striped curtains, chang mai dragon art, and the bedding. The summer bedding is coral, as you can see in the picture, and the winter bedding is a deep royal blue.
Estimates place roof repairs at 60 to 90 days for the building structure alone, with evaluation of the brewing and bottling equipment still pending access to the facility. Water damage throughout the brewery was extensive, with as much as a foot of standing water resulting from an open water main.
And motioned for him to come closer
To be continued ..
f0t0m0m had found all of the caches, but he was gracious enough to revisit these last pages so we could assail the Final cache as a team. This turned out to be a very good idea, as it’s up a 4×4 road out in the wilds of the Nevada/California desert.
“They began assaulting us, beating us and smacking us while holding the guns against our heads.”
There is an on-suite jacuzzi and massage service for Barry's ailing back and lots of time for Linda to take photographs and visit with friends in the area.
Last year: Ranked 4th with a rating of 0.443
Josh Middleton is very hit and miss. He relies too much on photoshop colouring for my tastes, however this aspect creates a unique flare to his work. His illustrations of Batman stand out as they truly capture the moodiness and sheer bulk of the comic book star. Of his work the coffin scene (shown above) is brilliantly rendered.
The soviets were also rapidly losing the war in Afghanistan. While I certain applaud the war in Afghanistan as the backdrop for the movie--they were not many Hollywood productions calling attention to the conflict--it did come too little, too late. These days, one’s perspective is altered as well wondering how many of the Afghan rebels who fought alongside became northern Alliance allies to the united states and which became sympathetic to the Taliban.
Heidi and I hadn’t talked on the phone in more than a year and a half. I’d been busy, but I also had been afraid.
Now she had a plan.
Planet Of The Ood
I need to have music playing while I work. I have an extensive iTunes library so I usually listen to it through my computer. I tend to get into musical jags and will listen to the same album over and over and over. I always have a mug of Chai close at hand and I keep some snacks in a drawer in case I need something and don't want to leave what I am doing. Once I get working, it's neigh impossible to get my attention. (As my guys can attest to!)
And yeah, I already knew that. But it was still nice hearing it.
We have a world Who’s Who coming to us with information.
TWO TARS (1928) ****
However we decide to describe our scenes, we need to keep our characters in mind. They and their problems are the story. The scenes need to reflect this, to be a part of it.
Well, it's always something to put on the box set.
M. Dawson & L. Mottron, Centre d'excellence en troubles envahissants du développement de l'Université de Montréal (CETEDUM), Montréal, QC, Canada
Some of the possibilities (like space tourism) seem perfectly plausible and are already happening in fledgling forms, and Kaku’s analysis of the demise of ever-increasing Silicon chip computer power seems sound. However, my concerns were prompted by the number of times Kaku referred to Star Trek, specifically in that “look how a lot of gooky sci-fi ideas from said hit TV show have evolved into science fact” kind of a way, and I’m reminded of all the hopeless inventions and innovations flagged up on Tomorrow’s World which died a horrible mid-70s death.*
These sailors were now showing their true mentality. They did not really believe what Paul had told them. In reality, they did not believe that the words Paul spoke were the words of God. Look back to verse 25. Paul said, “For I believe God, that it shall be even as it was told me,” and who was the One Who told Paul? It was, according to verse 23 “the angel of God”, who, we have determined, was Jesus Christ Himself.
He’s a Chilean-born American from Brisbane, Tasmania, Fremantle and back to Fremantle via Belgium who now lives in Melbourne. And he knows just a little about beer. He’s Alex Troncoso and he has something to do with a little brewing concern called Little Creatures.
I really want to thank everyone for their helpful comments on that post, I really appreciate it and I received so many good ideas and solutions. The solution I used was to carefully stitch over the hole with long stitches, first horizontally:
The area is a Site of Special Scientific Interest because of the varieties of flora and fauna to be found on the chalk grassland. To maintain the grassland, the National Trust has brought in a number of Exmoor ponies to graze the land and keep over-vigorous grasses under control. The ponies looked at me with some suspicion but didn't run away.
Kleenex/ LiLLiput, Microdisney- Everybody Is Fantastic, The Clock comes Down The Stairs,
The main reason? Lucinda is loving her family day care. She's cared for by a woman, at home, in a place just around the corner from our house. She's one of four young girls cared for on the days she's there and seems to be having a great ol' time learning dance moves and having cuddles with her mates. They're all older, around two, and treat 'Baby Cinda' like a doll they can't get enough of.
“I doubt the comedy will work after you’ve taken your clothes off,” I said at length. “Men with erections never laugh.”
Ohhhhhh that is big! I love it white but the gentleman she is doing the house for was going for a more sophisticated, modern look. Christina and I decided black would be a good color. I was a little intimidated by the size of this piece. Actually a lot intimidated by the size of this piece. It was even too big to move outside to work on. I was going to have to do the work inside. Not good for a person that makes a big mess every time she even looks at a can of paint. Look at those floors!!! I was going to have to be super careful. I thought this would be a good time to show step by step instructions on how to paint a piece of furniture.
I have always been opposed to phoniness, fake positivity, and sales in general. I hated the pseudo-friendliness of the salesperson, the stereotype of the car salesman. I put a premium on genuine interaction, honesty, and just being ‘real’. So it has come as quite a surprise to me that I am enjoying sales and being engaging with the public. However, I am still being true to my principles. I am not phony baloney. We are not taught to be inauthentic, just to be upbeat and positive in a genuine way. It is not necessary to share our anxieties, problems, or anger. This is not only a buzz kill, it changes the tone of the interaction from being transformational to being entropic. Entropy is the tendency for any system to break down, to corrode, to become disordered. You know, entropy is what you see happening to the ‘Occupy’ movement. When you share negative information in a way that isn’t constructive, and doesn’t contribute to the bond you are seeking to establish, you add to the entropy. Everybody dies, just a little. We don’t want that. But this does not mean being a robot with a false smile. Actually, when you reach down into your innermost desires you find what you need. Share that. Everyone wants to love, to be enthusiastic, to share their knowledge, to bring more happiness into another person’s life. When you tap into that genuine desire you can be positive without being robotic. This is transformational retail. So how do I manage to keep being upbeat in the face of all attempts to bring me down? I focus on the purpose behind my interaction, which isn’t to sell an item, or just to shuffle someone along, it is to make a difference in their life, even if it just consists of a moment of genuine pleasantness. Definitely keep it real, but you know what? Anger and confrontation, argument and making other people wrong isn’t keeping anything real. It is the false face which produces a dark veil which obscures the love we all feel for each other. And yes, even though it may embarrass us to admit it, we do actually love each other. No need to make a big deal about it, it is just a fact. Consider it an inconvenient truth, or use it as an opportunity for transformation.
While the Jetta TDI briefly disappeared from the market in 2007 and 2008 due to emissions regulations, a redesign for 2009 cleaned up its act and the model has been popular ever since.
Overheard at the Seconds-to-Go Resale Shop on Fillmore Street in San Francisco one Friday afternoon recently: "I'd wish you luck, but I see that the Shopping Goddess has already smiled on you."
When Juan Or was around 2 years 6 months old, Mommy tried introducing the briefs to him but he refused to allow Mommy to put it on him. Then off and on again, Mommy reintroduced the briefs and he still refused.
In Christendom, the current tendency is to replace the will of God with the will of man. The debate rages concerning the state of the homosexual in the Church. There need not be a debate if the will of God is sought. 1 Corinthians 6:9 adequately answers all questions. “Know ye not that the unrighteous shall not inherit the kingdom of God? Be not deceived: neither fornicators, nor idolaters, nor adulterers, nor effeminate, nor abusers of themselves with mankind…shall inherit the kingdom of God.” Does one have to take a vote to see what the will of God is when God has already spoken in His Word?
Ecce Homo was pseudo-autobiographical shameless egotism. Though he was only a stretcher-bearer in the war, Nietzsche calls himself a “swaggering old artillery man” adored by all the ladies. In fact, he was a lonely old man who could not stand the sight of blood, an emotional dwarf prancing like Napoleon. What’s most terrifying is that he willingly embraces his falsehood and fantasy. It is consistent with his philosophy or preferring “whatever is life-enhancing” to truth. “Why not live a lie? He asks.
All of which results in something clear, discrete and deceptively naïve without being so fragile that it disappears, leaving a trail that is softly lasting without being aggressive. If scents had weight, this is a satin, not a velvet – a wildflower rather than a heady hothouse bloom.
PRICE TAG
Image: A screen shot from the “Moscow Helsink Group” clearly subsidized from abroad. The significance of this group and its affiliates leading protests, indicates nothing less than foreign-funded sedition unfolding in the streets of Russia.
People want love, they need love, they give, and receive love. I’ll even go so far as to say it’s the primary way we were made in God’s image. If GOD IS LOVE, the totality, the essence, the embodiment, the fulfillment, the creator, and the conductor of LOVE, then the fact we do it and want it and make it and crave it and give and receive it is perfectly in keeping with our designed nature. We were made to love. It has to be easy!
By Monday night I was as anxious as could be. I was out shopping when I got a call from one of my fellow students about their scores. Sadly, it was not good news. And I honestly didn't think the other student had passed either. (I later found out I was right.) Finally I got home and settled for the evening and walked over to the computer to check again. And I passed!!!!!! Now I am an officially Nationally Registered EMT-B meaning I can sign my name "Hotflash, NREMT-B"
Williamsburg has the highest concentration of stalled development sites in New York City, according to a 2010 report in The Real Deal. This has been the case since at least July 2009, when The New York Post described it as "ground zero in the growing scourge of stalled construction," with more stalled projects then The Bronx, Staten Island or Queens. The number of abandoned projects in Williamsburg has soared since 2009, according to the Brooklyn Paper, which reported in June 2010 that "Brooklyn is pockmarked by a disproportionate number of abandoned development sites compared with the rest of the city... North Brooklyn has been hardest hit." Currently, Williamsburg's stalled projects range from empty condominium towers and unfinished steel frames to huge holes in the ground and vast open fields.
Well, not to be Debbie Downer all day long, but look at these recent stories and judge for yourself where we're headed IF YOU DON'T SAY SOMETHING, such as this article regarding recent Labor Dept proposals, Will my child be allowed to learn the value of work?
2 movies for you.
Happy Friday sweet friends!
All in all, our babies could not be more blessed. Dr.C continuously tells us that our babies are the picture of perfection. :) So far, at 5 months old (and going through flu/cold/RSV season)... Eli has had a very minor ear infection, and all three have had MINOR cold. And now this litte sniffly business. Considering that they were 9 weeks early...Clif and I couldn't be more pleased with how well they have done. And continue to do.
In summary, if you have enough faith there is no act that you could not perform. That is the more faith, the more extreme the acts can be. (That’s why I am very afraid of people of faith, having access to weapons).
I bet you thought I was going to say something about the pirate bay today didn’t you, with its relevance to pretty much anything to do with the spread of information across this wonderful invisible superhighway we take for granted?
I love this book. It is well written & has a great description for anyone who is into love novels & fashion or are a bit of girl. People have said that it’s bad for teenagers to read books where the characters freely have sex etc. I’m 14 & to be honest, girls like me don’t notice that. I, myself like romance novels that have a girl main character. So…really that’s a load of rubbish. I knew that they were having sex or whatever but it didn’t really affect me. I know that’s not going to happen if I let it, anyway. You could say that about younger books with violence like The Roman Mysteries. There is a lots of killing in that at a 9-12 audience so…does that give a bad impression on killing? No.
For fans of the FRANKENSTEIN MONSTER who may have wondered what the actual colour of his skin was supposed to be in those old black and white films, you may be surprised to learn that the model kits and toys down through the years had it right from day one. As you can see from this rare, unretouched colour photo of BORIS KARLOFF from the movie, SON OF FRANKENSTEIN, his epidermis was a pale and putrid green.
I would first like to start out by saying, I DO NOT HUNT. I was only there because Chipper Jones was signing which thanks to Austin for telling me about it I would have never known about it. My dad and I went down to the show and we walked through the place to get to Chipper. We got to him and there were 3 people yes 3 people in front of us waiting for him. I walk up to him and got him to sign an autograph bat:
shapely lightform he stands in.
Several people witnessed the shooting, including one man who recorded the fight on his phone and provided a copy to police. It's unclear the shooting itself was recorded.
Jenny reasons that her parents and teachers have failed to achieve a life she can regard as inspirational and, as she is joyful and intoxicated with David and his friends, why should she work so hard to pursue an Oxford career? Why not drop out and live life to the fullest? As events unfold, things are not as clear cut as they seemed.
Kenichi 465 (1:01 – 2:53)
6.Hit That Jive Jack
﻿Part 3 is dedicated to special topics such as pregnancy, children, senior citizens and athletes. It also covers how to use diet and nutrition to lose weight healthfully and prevent or help with the many diseases common in Americans today.
A Virgin Atlantic spokesman said: “We can confirm that the investigation following Monday’s incident on flight VS27 from London Gatwick is now complete. A full technical evaluation and systems assessment has been completed in conjunction with the airworthiness authorities and the manufacturer, and the aircraft has been certified for a return to service.
Stroller Theft is something to keep in mind. I've been to Disneyland 12 times (so far!) and have never had a problem with it, nor have I known anyone personally. But, even in the happiest place on earth, it happens. I like to give people the benefit of the doubt and think that if anything disappears off of my stroller while it is parked, it was because an enchanted toddler reached over and helped herself to one of our toys, a sippy cup or whatever. Or, someone took the entire stroller mistaking it for their own. From what I've read online in various places, the latter happens frequently with the rented strollers since they are all the same and there are so darn many of them. I always take with me a little purse to carry through the attractions so that I do not have to carry my large diaper bag all day long. In my little purse I keep my wallet, keys, camera and phone. I figure if I lose my stroller and everything in it, I at least have my credit card and can still salvage the day with some damaging swipes of the plastic. As long as I have that, I can go rent a stroller and buy our snacks, a sweatshirt for the kids when it cools off, and I've got my keys so I can get home and cry about it later.
New Holland The Poet Oatmeal Stout
Row 10- Repeat row 9 (32)
Anyway, here’s the excerpt. Jude had requested and received some Greek and Latin grammars. When he gets them, here’s what he discovers:
Your typical personal characteristics are: determined self-assertiveness, active faith, the eager desire to carry out an inwardly felt command and to clear the way for the fulfilling of new goals; negatively, a sense of frustration and of struggling against too great odds.
A mobilization of ordinary Muslims throughout the world to call on their governments to place an immediate moratorium on the application of hudûd and for the opening of a vast intra-community debate (critical, reasonable and reasoned) between the ulamâ, the intellectuals, the leaders and the general population.
