Living in a house built in 1858, (by people who apparently only owned 2 sets of clothing) means that over the last 153 years, our existing closets were carved out of larger rooms. Electricity wasn't part of the consideration. Well, except for that overhead light that keeps breaking because someone yanks on the chain too hard. The one I quit replacing after one too many yanks.
Although the phenomenon is caused by the excess acidity of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere, it is not a "global warming" problem. It is more serious then that!
Away from pity, we do not fear.
So...here's the first draft...
I am realising that she controls people by lying and implying incompetence, making people feel ashamed of themselves and disconnected from other team members – and that has made me start reaching out to other team members, to make sure they are alright and know it is not them, and I am determined to build better connectedness and morale amongst out team so we are all happier and stronger.
In this regard, how many of us, brethren, can identify with the categories stated – those for which the Good News of the Kingdom is to be proclaimed, namely, the “poor”, the “brokenhearted”, the “captives”, the “blind”, and the “oppressed”.
Give a completed WOW Card to three teachers identifying very specifically something they did well. Give them three WOW Cards to complete about their students. Ask them to complete the three WOW Cards on students in their classrooms and present cards to the students. Then ask them to ask the students to give a completed WOW Card to one of their peers. This is called WOWMANIA!! (How to Lead Teachers to Become Great, pp. 113 – 118)
If you care to replicate our Friday, I know that wonderfully offbeat folk duo Drakkar Sauna is playing this week. I would caution you to call for reservations at the R Bar; they tend to be busy on Friday nights.
Teenager Cassandra O'Hare knows what it's like to live in constant fear of being mauled by a werewolf. Generations ago, a curse was put on her family that makes even the most civil of lycanthropes want to devour anyone in her bloodline. After her sister is left dead on the front porch, Cassandra and her parents move two states away to start over in a new town.
from anywhere in the south.
But getting to the core of the thing,
I also disagree the wants and needs aren't necessarily the same thing. I believe it's a matter of priorities: every want is a need to some degree. But I think you know that about me already. ;)
- Lashes were not as shiny, therefore looked less fake
To the same saucepan, add the onion and saute until translucent, approximately 2 minutes. Add the garlic and saute. Then add the rice and stir for approximately 1 minute. Add the wine and simmer until absorbed, about 1 minute. Add 1 cup of the clam juice mixture to the rice, stirring frequently until the liquid had absorbed, approximately 5 minutes. Repeat, 1 cup at a time, until all the liquid has been used and the rice is tender but still firm to bite, approximately 25 minutes. Stir in the butter, shrimp, Parmesan cheese and parsley. Season with salt & pepper.
A few lines:
Once we could safely dodge the rain spots we left the supermarket behind, splish splashed our way through the puddles down the pavements of Newcastle road and then took a right down the canal feeder alongside Westwood Golf course. We couldn’t find the first, hadn’t a clue where to look for that one, yet found the second, didn’t dare go too far ahead of ourselves due to the dodgy weather forecast, so a quick turnaround, safely across Newcastle Road and along the other side of the Ladder edge country park. We had a bit of a muddy trek over to the Leek tunnel on the Caldon Canal, yet successfully found our 5th cache since beginning our geocaching.com membership. Happy Days!
And how many hours a day do you sleep?
When the entire world is converging on a tiny, smashed-up island whose residents are dying every minute, where is official Islam?
Naturally, the woman should shower or douche or whatever to get it all out afterwards, if possible. But hey, women of ancient Egypt at one time used a douche of honey and crocodile shit as a spermicide. How bad can a jar of peanut butter be?
Into the balmy summer air?
I didn’t plan on writing another entry but sitting next to two women provoked me. I tried to avoid listening, but the conversation was incredibly loud. The crux involved notions of strength. I didn’t agree because most of it was the same sort of hyper-glossed over notions received from self-help gurus. It involved catch-phrases like ‘looking inward’ and all that jazz.
When i bought my Nikon almost 2 years ago, Nika got my old camera. It turns out to be a good gift because she has already made numerous videos and photos witnessing her youtube channel.
to “lure” anglers from the comfort of their resorts. Our guide told us about several 11 and
We were only two on the earth
Here is a video about how new media has allowed us to produce the news.
What I need from all of you are positive thoughts and prayers again. Specifically because I'm a big fat baby and don't like getting shoved down a bright loud tube head first! We have to be at the hospital at 9:30 in the morning (Pacific Time) and the tests should take an hour or two.
The Video acceleration settings fоr the normal requirements will utilize a 3D graphics processor, thiѕ will include a Transform аnd Lighting feature inclusive оf a sixty four megabytes Video Random Access Memory whісh іs sufficient to transmit high quality graphics. Twice as much, usіng а low оf onе hundred and twenty еight megabytes. These three dimensional graphics cards act aѕ а buffer betwеen thе RAM аnd Video RAM to produce wеll screened images wіthin a quick time frame, not noticed by thе naked eye.
hubs came to the appointment with me and plans to come to all of the appointments. I feel SO lucky to be married to him.
A Pillow Cover
basking in the moment
There is an undercurrent flowing through certain circles in American society, a sort of backlash against what some consider to be a sense of elitism. This has lately taken the form of questioning the value of higher education. “What purpose does it serve,, some ask, “when I be just as smart without a diploma?” That debate came to my mind Sunday night as we were listening to a wonderful piece by Dimitri Shostakovich, his String Quartet No. 3 in F Major (Op. 73), written in 1946.
Click HERE to take you to the Amazon listing, or read on to the bottom for a chance to win a copy of this fabulous book!
… Recently at a meeting of the Board of Regents at the University of Maryland, I suggested that it’s time to use the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 as a model for college athletics. What Sarbanes-Oxley provided for public companies is a “clawback” provision — the ability to retract compensation, even after an executive has left a company.
Beloved Apostle of Christ our God, hasten to deliver a people without defense. He who permitted you to recline upon His bosom, accepts you on bended knee before Him. Beseech Him, O Theologian, to dispel the persistent cloud of nations, asking for us peace and great mercy.
Mostly horror books and Mills and Boon kind of books (impossible romance)...after reading Salem's Lot by Stephen King at the bright old age of 13, developed an irrational fear of vampires and the dark...took me two decades to get over it, thanks to the sparkly ones of Twilight. ;D
3. The Temple, the Chedi, the Shrine. In Bangkok it felt like I am sort of living in Bali, everywhere I go I can see the offering, the incense sticks, the flowers, pretty similar like our tradition back home. It creates instant calming effect on me because I will bow my head and say a prayer whenever I pass by one. Picture below is The Chedi at Wat Phra Kaew taken from the Grand Palace ground, it was the evening of the King’s Birthday, I will never forget that photo walk, had some gorgeous shot of the celebration and also my first time releasing Yi Peng ( sky lantern ), will find the photos and blog about it separately
Hello, dear Readers! Following the HOW I PLOT blog from last RetroFriday, I've decided to dig out and repost a detailed three part series that I wrote last year, since it's probably about as useful as I get when it comes to talking about my own personal nemesis - The Plot. Look forward to parts #2 and #3 next Friday and the Friday after!
What if you've been rejected (or just not heard back from... no answer means no) by pretty much every agent on your list and THEN get an offer from a publisher? It feels kind of silly to email all the agents who've just told you no thanks and say "I know you didn't want this, but hey! Certain Publisher does, can someone represent me please?"
Therapist: “Wonderful, I wonder what God is up to!”
But how
Olsson PE, Borg B, Brunström B, Håkansson H, Klasson-Wheler E. Endocrine-disrupting substances – Impairment of reproduction. Stockholm, Swedish Environmental Protection Agency Customer Services, 1998.
8For you were once darkness, but now you are light in the Lord. Live as children of light 9(for the fruit of the light consists in all goodness, righteousness and truth) 10and find out what pleases the Lord. 11Have nothing to do with the fruitless deeds of darkness, but rather expose them. 12For it is shameful even to mention what the disobedient do in secret. 13But everything exposed by the light becomes visible, 14for it is light that makes everything visible. Ephesians 5: 1-14
Today I am feeling okay, still have a fair bit of cramping going on so I’m not walking around too much, and I also managed to catch a cold so I’ll be resting until we go for the egg transfer so hopefully I’ll be feeling healthy by the time the transfer the embryos…then I’ll have a lot to worry about! lol
So that’s where I’m at. Hello, hi, welcome to my world.
Louis writes:
I'll get to the winner's of the clementines in a minute, but first, if you're in the Boston area, Clementines from Spain invites you to a free cooking class with Ceci Carmichael, former Food Network host of “Calling All Cooks". The event is this Saturday, the 17th at the Museum of Science (Skyline Room) in Boston, MA. Register for the class HERE and enjoy FREE admission to the museum for you and your family!
Free from the frame and amongst the stars.
16 And in the fifth year of Joram the son of Ahab king of Israel, Jehoshaphat being then king of Judah, Jehoram the son of Jehoshaphat king of Judah began to reign.
The ornament on the front of the card actually comes off - there is a photo of the kids on one side, and a lyric from one of my favorite Christmas Songs. (I've set a slide show to the song for friends and family to check out the rest of our year....)
I grew up in San Francisco. I wasn't born here, but I grew up here.
A spectacular outdoor show created for a major London setting, BABEL is staged through a unique partnership between WildWorks and Battersea Arts Centre and will feature a cast of up to 300.
Geoffrey Akinya wants only one thing: to be left in peace, so that he can continue his long-running studies into the elephants of the Amboseli basin. But Geoffrey’s family, who control the vast Akinya business empire, has other plans for him. After the death of his grandmother Eunice—the erstwhile space explorer and entrepreneur—something awkward has come to light on the Moon, so Geoffrey is dispatched there to ensure the family name remains untarnished. But the secrets Eunice died with are about to be revealed—secrets that could change everything...or tear this near utopia apart.
Seconds before the catbird swooped in.
Went to Larry's parent-teacher meetings on Thursday. Needn't have bothered. The teachers could barely fill out each 5 minute slot. Once they'd finished saying, she's doing very well, nothing to improve, needs to speak up more in class, the conversation was over. Her maths is terrible though. She understands it, just makes loads of careless mistakes in tests. I'm making her do 30 minutes of maths practice every day. Tiger Mothers Rule OK!
No doubt, CIA, RAW and Mossad are the real originators of sectarian violence in Iraq and now in Pakistan as part of other subversive acts which keep on going.
Well, because I have some serious bathroom/shitting in public issues that I wasn’t ready to share with her. I was still in the “show my feathers” courting stage of our relationship.
Lorelai has been a crafting machine. Apparently the cold weather and the holiday festivities have her feeling like the kind of girl who needs to glue things together. Thought you'd all enjoy seeing a few pieces of her work...
Many residents of the Mahoning Valley were expecting a wintery onslaught today. The past few days we’ve been bombarded with radar images and descriptions of what the future would hold from those paid to warn us of impending weather catastrophes. Once again, they failed miserably. Our kids were preparing for a snow day today because of the promised 10″ or more of snow to our area.
By Don White
MOE and NUS have been dragging their feet over Sun Xu’s case in the hope that Singaporeans will forget about the incident by now, one month after Sun Xu posted a derogatory comment about Singaporeans on his Chinese micro-blogging site Weibo on 18 February this year.
Reid pleaded guilty Aug. 10 and faces up to 20 years in prison and a $250,000 fine. No sentencing date has been set, court records show.
Just as you did with the casing, turn in and press 1/4" or serge finish the bottom edge
That is really my writing up there for forms I had to fill out for the baby (who really needs a blogging nickname, any thoughts or ideas on that one??) and it was the first time I wrote I had a son. It was very surreal. Gazing at him while I nurse, I can't believe that he is here, that he is ours and that he is four weeks old today. A proper update will becoming on Tuesday when he is officially one month (?!?!?) old. At times I never thought I would have the opportunity to be a mother and now that I am, I can't quite believe it.
Did I dream this? Wasn’t there a moment when Joanna Trollope’s books were best-sellers in the U.S.? I’ve certainly bought most of them, loaned them to friends, re-read them, enjoyed them mightily. So I was startled to find that Daughters-in-Law more or less sneaked into print in the U.S. with only a paperback edition, now remaindered. I can’t figure this out. The only thing I can think of is that perhaps Trollope’s genteel English fiction feels retro and irrelevant to a mainstream audience? If that’s the case, the books should be repackaged, because they have a great deal of the charm that enchants us in some of the between-the-wars fiction that Persephone or Virago publish so persuasively.
i am still confident that these 3 people wil give me the audio i am looking for i am looking t get at least 1 and a half minutes of useable audio for my package rememebering that i have 1 other interview lined up.
Ben completed the course in 3:39 and we are so proud of him!
It may not be popular, but it is effective. Also known as submission, surrender can be a very effective tool at solving conflict. When we are willing to step out in faith and bend in the breeze like trees in a storm, God can bless our obedience to Him. After all, God tells us in Ephesians 5:21 to “submit to one another out of reverence for Christ.”
Be safe and have great day!
8. Tulsa Rags
(I’ll leave it to you to decipher what part of the foregoing story is bullshit.)
*** New York Art Quartet-35th REUNION CD-R burn, originally released on DIW Records in Japan)
Perhaps today I can take a few minutes to really pray, to really be up-front with what it is that I want. This is the great risk of prayer: when I offer what I really and truly want, when I honestly present my heart's desires, I risk the possibility of rejection. My sinful side clamors, "Keep it in! Keep it in! Better silent and not disappointed!!" while my heart encourages, "Pray, you idiot, and perhaps what you think you want is far less than what you truly desire." This day, may it be my goal to pray my desire, to knock at the door and to make known what it is that I yearn for. While I may not get exactly what I think I want, I shall be confident that even if I don't get what I want, I can take comfort in knowing that God, the Host of Heaven, is extending to me more than I could ever even imagine: himself and his friendship.
College football message boards were abuzz during the tumultuous months of recruiting season when speculation concerning the talented 6’3″ junior gunslinger seemed to peak with each passing day. Due to regulations set forth by the Imperial Collegiate Athletic Association, official recruiting of Clausen could not begin until a proscribed time after national Letter of Intent day. Many were shocked that Clausen, who appeared to be mulling his decision until at least the end of the spring, committed to the Irish and the Hutts.
Patterned paper: DCWV Amber Autumn stack
cook lentil stew
Good morning everyone - I hope I find you all well.
He frowned.
'Let God stand up and take the credit, "until then I am going to give credit to humans" ~said Matt the secular humanist. O'rly? Duh!
In my opinion, anyone who wants to self-publish needs to do the same amount of legwork that one would do if he/she was going the traditional route. Have a critique group and beta readers, know your genre, get all the feedback that's necessary in order to have a finely crafted creation. If you want to be taken seriously, then treat your writing seriously. Then, it would be worth the few extra bucks people would be willing to pay to read something memorable.
LA council wants to keep airwaves ‘crack ho’ free
Well, it's time for me to head back to a secondary world, clearly, since all of my novels this month took place in some incarnation of earth - either a historical version, or a futuristic version, or a right now version! On earth, I went to Canterbury, and Canada, and Yorkshire amongst others. I would most like to live in Conrad's house in A Girl's Guide to Kissing Frogs - a truly spectacular and down at heel mansion in Northumberland.
And I had IHOP for breakfast, which is always good.
Buy your visa before you arrive. This point was driven home when I arrived in Vietnam. Many countries will allow you to buy a travel visa within their borders, but some don’t. The Different Types of Visas
IF YOU BELIEVED the media, you could be forgiven for thinking that Britain was in the grip of an unprecedented wave of alcohol-related health problems and disorder, and that consumption was shooting through the roof. Indeed, it’s not uncommon to hear representatives of the anti-drink lobby claiming precisely that. However, once you look at the facts, the reality is entirely different. Average alcohol consumption has been falling steadily year-on-year since 2004, and in 2009 dropped by the sharpest rate since 1948, falling by 6% in a year. We are now drinking 13% less than in 2004, and our alcohol consumption is below the EU average.
MEANWHILE The owner of Destiny Designwear, next to the cobbled track to the train station, intends to build a £1.5m new store on the site.
There were too many great bands to give them all a mention, but there were a few who really stood out for me -
I have to thank Ajay who later that night allowed me to have my first vertical smoke with a Ramon Allones Specially Selected of 1990 and a current one. A real great way to understand the development of cigar tastes with herbs and spices mellowed out very very nicely in the vintage one. An absolutely outstanding smoke to close a fantastic weekend
I can’t help but be reminded of “Born in the USA” when listening to this new track. What at first sounds like a pro-American anthem, is actually riddled with the misfortune and suffocating circumstances of being born in America (being forced to fight in Vietnam, joblessness, losing loved ones to war, etc.) Bruce isn’t praising our country in BITUSA, rather, he is excavating the harsh realities and truths that so many of use are too prideful to acknowledge and accept.
Address: 4 Richmond Mews, London W1D 3DH, England
Said ex-husband (may he rest in peace… he died from the affects of alcoholism at the young age of 44) had 2 best friends, Rick and Tom. And they decided we were going out for a night on the town. The “happening place” in good ole Stuart, Florida was The Stage East. **Please note, when I was 19, back in 1983, you could still legally drink alcohol at that age, it changed the following July 1, and my little sister (just 19 months younger than me) had to wait to 21 (not that she did… lol).
Are Meyer lemons and navel oranges still in season? They were a couple weeks ago. Trees in our neighborhood were bending under the weight of hundreds of brightly colored fruits. A friend brought us a bag full of them, picked up in her backyard that very morning. And what do you do with citrus that has been lucky enough to grow without pesticides? Eat them with the skin! I made lemon marmalade that weekend (and brought a jar to my friend as a thank you gift), using a recipe from my mother-in-law*.
Luckily there was a wonderful cheery old man on the roof who, seeing my disappointment, pointed out some other exhibits he thought I may like and he was right (besides, you can't really keep a gal down who owns a key to new york). Pri and I danced our way through the musically rigged and themed rooms of the American woman exhibit. I visited the spot where my favorite painting, one of the Sunflower's series by Joan Mitchell, used to hang (It's taking it's highly undeserved rotation in storage, if you can hear me I still think of you and I'm sorry I haven't come to visit in awhile, I don't have a key to the storage room!!!) I found a quote that may explain why I pull out my camera every two seconds, and we documented love at The Met. Following our morning date we discussed marriage pressure, having to "look the part" at work, and my very fun date the previous evening (post coming tomorrow!) at the delightfully named Nectar on 82nd right around the corner. We split ways after a downtown bus ride through the upper east side, taking in the matching khaki kids and adorable dogs through the plated window.
I also had an opportunity to talk with a long time friend who was very successful in business. When I asked his response he said, “The day I was born was probably the most successful because if I wasn’t born then how successful would I have been?”
I told her wahh had happened to me and she was like
I love ALL of the Monty Python movies and can watch all of them thousands of times and will still find them to be some of the funniest movies ever made. My wife does not get British Humor….so she thinks that the films were obviously made by drunken lunatics.
Even our desire for truth or reality somehow loses its fierceness and can no longer really be called desire, for there is no room for desire here, however noble. Our desire is transformed into love. In fact, it was always love, disguised as desire by a thin veil of otherness.
The inability to prove your own nationality can be a major obstacle in realizing even the most basic of human rights. For example, in many ex-Yugoslav states, all citizens of a certain age are required to hold a valid state-issued identification card which is necessary for accessing a number of social services. The application for the card requires documents that a stateless or legally invisible person is unlikely to possess, such as birth certificate and proof of citizenship. Without this card or other forms of identification, living a normal life is difficult. In Macedonia, for
Singapore Post was able to issue a 4.25 per cent coupon because the company enjoyed a steady dividend track record since it was listed almost 10 years ago. In contrast, Genting offered a higher 5.125 per cent payout, as it only started paying out dividends since last year.
Talk about easier said than done.
44 more
~snip~-money quote:
Then there was a news report (totally unrelated to the previous) concerning the oldest wine press, which was recently found in a cave complex, known as Areni-1, in the Little Caucasus Mountains near Armenia's southern border with Iran. Surely this cannot be coincidence?
“If they tend towards peace you must accept it, but this depends on what the Imam sees as a benefit for Islam and Muslims. It is not a must on the Imam to fight always, nor is it a must on him to accept peace always.”
So keep an eye out for news and updates, and I hope you'll all pay a visit or three (or 6, or 42, or 1,285, or...) to Hannah's PinKeep once she's up and running! :-)
Though I'm sure you're all torn up about my absence this week, it wasn't you, it was me.
The special effect days consisting of actors in rubber suits, flying saucers on a string and blowing up a Holly Hobby dollhouse are mostly obsolete. Special effects can make or break a movie and Asylum fans are fortunate enough to have award winning Joseph Lawson leading the Asylum’s VFX team.
But of the good to treat, which there I found,
“The chess pieces are the block alphabet which shapes thoughts; and these thoughts, although making a visual design on the chess-board, express their beauty abstractly, like a poem... I have come to the personal conclusion that while all artists are not chess players, all chess players are artists.”
yay ~~ isn’t it swet :”)
The “creative class” is as well.
1. I kept looking back through all my boards and wondering if I will ever actually remember to do any of these cools things.
So $1.99 it is. The best compromise between free-content principles and 'I need to eat!'
Watching a chicken preen is a meditative exercise. Back and forth from the base of the tail to the various feathers. Irma is born knowing how. From the moment the emerging chick begins to peck away at her shell, scraping with the special egg tooth, a burr of hard material on her beak that will fall off within the next day or so after hatching, she is a series of instinctual behavior. She tousles her feathers apart, working away the fragile mica like material that falls off her new pin feathers. She vibrates the entire collection of her feathers and the residue falls off like chicken dandruff. Settling into sitting on my lap, her head turns to the left and she nestles her beak under her left wing. In seconds she is breathing slowly in her chicken sleep. Her eyelids close, from the bottom up, as chickens eyelids do. She even has eyelashes. Her comb is a pale pink serrated growth that runs along her head and beak. I can feel her heartbeat, a subtle bump, bump. It’s difficult to do anything but watch her. Just watching her is calming. An antedote to too much caffeine. This is her invitation to anyone paying attention to slow down.
The first step in this process is to notice how the difficult places in our lives have affected us---at the heart level. Next, we need to identify each person, circumstance, or event that hurt us or broken our hearts. Then we need to put words to our pain.
"Did Dad pay when we lived with her?" he asked.
The nurse consulted her computer, frowned, then shook her head. "No, I'm sorry," she said. "Mr. Miller's dead. He died late last night." She looked up from her screen. "Would you like to see somebody else?"
BGT fixed? Are you surprised? CF isn't.
Dorothy is determined not to even think about what happened on the ship but does recollect her visit with her grandparents in England, from which she had been returning. Her visit with her grandparents and Mrs. Hawkins, the housekeeper, and Mrs. Hawkins' children, Owen and Millie, had been a magical time for Dorothy. Grandfather conducted life lessons using newspaper stories, while Grandmother, an early feminist, introduced Dorothy to their extraordinary friends, including Mrs. Bland, who under her nom de plume had written the popular children's book, The Railway Children. Dorothy role-played with Millie and Owen, regularly putting on performances. After such a grand time, returning to Canada with the finicky Miss Pugh, an employee of her father's bank who had gone to visit her aging father, was tedious.
A Chinese court has ruled that a Shenzhen-based company’s “Baidu” brand of condoms violates the trademark of the country’s largest search engine, whcih shares the same name. The company says it will appeal to a higher court for the case.
Luckily, zombies are highly combustible.
New Diablo III trailer:
Seriously, why didn't I get on the maxi train sooner? They're like pajamas, but appropriate in public. And when you're a mom, that's where it's at. Good thing they're trendy for Fall, too. Otherwise I would just look awkward, because I'm planning to live in these babies.
-Baby spinach leaves
Ainsley is incredibly tempted by the affair Cam is offering, but in her impoverished state she is a lady-in-waiting to Queen Victoria who does not tolerate a breath of impropriety about her attendants. After a barely averted scandal in her youth, she also doesn’t want to disgrace her caring brothers who have always tried to do the best by her.
Give your hearts, but not into each other’s keeping.
I took all of these images from pinterest, and tried to credit them back to the site listed there, but if one of them is yours and you'd like me to change the source or remove the picture, please let me know and I'll do so immediately.
I’m afraid that we who believe in the divine inspiration of the Scripture often forget its human element. It’s easy to simply assume that these beautiful words and thoughts just sprang spontaneously from the lips of a teenage girl. Perhaps they did, but that’s not how it usually worked. It is more likely that they are the product of some deep thinking about God and His promises.
With spring getting seriously under way my herb gathering becomes a daily activity, squeezed in during sunny spells and in between other work. It is lovely to go out into the fields and green lanes for some quiet reflection and to come back with a full basket.
I) To enter on this website simply leave a comment on this post and tell me your favorite Hutt and why.
Designer paper is Washi paper that I picked up at a craft show many moons ago. Sentiment is from PTI. I cut the tag from their tag die collection and stamped the Happy Birthday on. I used teeny tiny self adhesive gold pearls on the corners. Card base cardstock is from Bazzill and cut in a 5 x 5 square.
* Re: Editorial advice and responses to suggestions and criticisms. Are you looking for authors who might disagree (in a rational and reasonable way) and defend their vision, or, would you prefer authors to trust your suggestions completely?
with Bisan and Abud, two traumatized children from Jenin’s refugee camp, the
She was even more confused after that conversation. It settled nothing. Her feelings were more conflicted than ever. She didn’t know how to make a decision. Either decision she made, it seemed that she would lose.
college flotsam
“I’m going to be Sophie.”
Since then Thomas Baines’s version has been repeated so many time in countless publications that it will be near impossible to convince people otherwise. Several modern-day tour-guide publications, in both the English and Afrikaans languages, go one step further and state bluntly that the ignorant “Voortrekkers” made the biggest navigational error in the history of South Africa when they believed that they had finally arrived in the “Promised Land”.
As we had our drinks we enjoyed the salsa and standards music selection in the nearly completely dark room. Manifesto certainly has a unique look and feel to its bar area. I can’t think of anyplace in KC anything like it. As mentioned before it was quite private where we were sitting even though there were about 10 other patrons in the bar. Plus it definitely had an adult vibe, not the kind of place younger people go to try to slam as much alcohol into their system as they possibly can in the shortest amount of time possible. Those people have the Power and Light district. Manifesto is for people who want to enjoy a well crafted drink and pay attention to their companion. The drinks were sufficiently strong to ensure that some extra attention is paid to your companion once you get home or a dark street with some parking.
I wrote a couple of very poor manuscripts while unemployed and submitted them to publishers. Suffice to say they were not picked up. They were Viking adventure stories and while they had elements I still like, my ability to relate the tale in a professional and aesthetically pleasing manner was lacking. But I was in luck. I found a job. Writing took a back seat. Normalcy returned to my life. Then I picked up a copy of Ravished by a Viking by Delilah Devlin at a local book fair. I emailed her and let her know just how much I enjoyed her work. She responded. We corresponded a bit and she encouraged me to try to get published. Not used to receiving such positive reinforcement, I took her kind words to heart. I took some of the best elements of prior stories and wrote a piece that I submitted all over the place. Again, she helped me by finding a listing of interested publishers.
Since kids are home from school across the nation today, why not bake off some fun election cookies with them and tell them about this important holiday? I'll be baking these with my two sons today so I will share how they come out!
For being only six, I remember it pretty clearly. I was in kindergarten, and it was some kid's birthday, which was always a happy occasion because it meant the afternoon could be devoted to a little party if the kid's parents felt like dropping by. In this case, they had brought cupcakes, more than enough for everyone. The condition for receiving cupcakes, as per my teacher's requirements, was that we had to finish our after-lunch work, in this case coloring a picture of McGruff (you know, "Take a Bite Out of Crime", that McGruff) teaching us about fire safety. For most kids, this was an easy task, but I had a pure, unadulterated hatred for coloring. I would frequently get back papers on which I had gotten all the answers right but lost points for refusing to color an irrelevant drawing of a puppy, or whatever, at the top of, say, a math sheet. Even being a small child, I knew this was unfair bullshit. So I was generally determined to color as little as possible, and that McGruff thing was no exception. I knew the fire safety rules. Why couldn't I just answer questions about those? Why did I have to color?
On Thursday we all headed down to St Augustine to our huge ocean front beach house that sleeps 20 people. We were responsible for 15 teenagers that weekend who were all really excited. Thanks to my mom and dad for keeping the boys for us. I know it was hard because Trevor wasn't feeling 100%, but mom and dad survived and we are very thankful for them to be so willing to keep them.
PPS-- If you don't get the reference in the title, then it is time to reacquaint yourself with the brilliant mind of Mel Brooks.
oh yeah, this sounds like me:
Amit Bansal answers, If your company follows the annual appraisal cycle then you will have to wait till you complete one year with your organization before asking for a raise.
The puddle was deeper than I thought. I didn’t let it stop me.
You just need a good mic, a good compressor and a good voice. Then you push the performer to do his best. I do a lot of editing work and comping.
It's been a very long time since I've done an outfit post here .
Record: 32-2
When I am complaining about these things, I will stop myself, and remember Daniel and his parents. And I will send them a silent prayer of love, and a promise that Daniel's legacy will not be forgotten.
Kaede is now registered to attend school in Belleville, a nice private school where she will finish up her high school credits. Her computer is set up and by now she's BBMing her friends on her new Blackberry. Joy will have visited Costco or Walmart to stock up on all of the gifts she's meant to bring back to family and friends.
From Generally Speaking, January, 1998.
However, as a woman who has so far been immune to the apparent charms of black men, one has to ask the question, what's in it for the sizable minority of white women who seem so eager to cross the interracial divide?
But you can’t find yourself if you never lose yourself, can you? And I believe that this process of losing and finding isn’t a one-time thing. It’s a cycle. Once you find yourself and settle into the security of that, it is most likely almost time to lose yourself again. That’s how the world works. That’s what keeps us striving. That’s what makes us the drive and goal oriented people that we are.
through every woods and farm and street.
Facebook’s Highlighted Posts: A New Tool for Jerks – Facebook’s Highlighted Posts will give Uncle Ted the power to promote his creepy pug pictures for days on end. Please, Facebook, do not do this
I tried to comfort Uloma but, she emphatically rejected my help insisting that she was okay. I knew she wasn’t…later, I tried to tell someone but, there was nobody to tell. It was like Uloma was in a place where no one could get to her.
1 liter bottle of 7UP
Papers: Card stock: Recollections and Bazzill
After 3 full days in Paris, Cam and I spent our final day in the city of light just trying to enjoy it's simple pleasures. On Thursday morning, we strolled around the Monmarte neighborhood near our hostel (I wanted to get a picture in front of the Moulin Rouge sign!) and bought a variety of foods from different vendors to have a picnic that afternoon, since it appeared the weather was warming up a little. We bought pastries, bread, fruit, cheese, meat, and wine, and headed down to the Tuileries Gardens in front of the Lourve. Even though it was still pretty chilly, it was wonderful just to sit and relax, take in the scenery, and enjoy some delicious food. We spent the rest of the afternoon just walking around the city and doing some shopping ;)
When the Occupy Wall Street Movement first started, many around the world assumed that this movement would not seek to appeal to what is popular such as mainstream religions for example, and instead would give power to the voiceless, yet the movement was really after donations in order to fill their own pockets with hundreds of thousands of dollars as reported by the press. They give food at the rallies but anyone who is not in agreement completely with the aims of the protests due to their capitalist/religious bias is stigmatized, since in traditional charitable circles the poor must pray to the priest and beg for the food, this is a form of humiliation and dis-empowerment.
Glen would like to reach 5000 voters by the end of today’s canvassing. We can not reach this goal without your help. This is where the rubber meets the road folks. We can talk about the Constitution, Liberty and Freedom all day but are we all willing to put in 6 to 8 hours to fight for it.
Increase NGDP and employment, incomes and taxes would increase, many intractable problems would vanish (though many would not). There are risks and there are methodological problems, but there huge gains for everyone if they right policy is adopted and I want to do my part to try and make sure the right policy is adopted.
My husband does not like mints and wouldn't even try them.
WET:
Of snow upon the mountains and the moors –
I hope that you have a lovely day today !
Give me interminable eyes—give me women—give me comrades and lovers
Since I wanted my card still to fit in an envelope Tilda looked a bit too big compared with the size of the tree. So I used 3D patches to make her sit in front of the tree instead of under it.
“Old School” may be overused but I figured, it’s very suitable for my store.
Tickets for the Verizon Center shows July 19 through 22 will go on sale Friday, May 11 at 10:00 a.m. and will range from $24.50 to $89.50 (plus facility fees and applicable service charges). Tickets will be available through all Ticketmaster outlets including the Verizon Center box office, online at www.ticketmaster.com or via Phonecharge at 1-800-745-3000. Accessible seating is available for patrons with disabilities by calling 202-661-5065. Visit www.verizoncenter.com for more details. Special VIP and family packages will be available in each market.
Now, let’s take a look at what Timothy Geithner and the other Trustees of the Social Security Trust Funds have to say to the public about the state of these funds…
12 Skull vs. Ice - Operation Mind Control (7:45)
I´m not quite sure if there is an actual history to this plaza or not, but, with graffiti covering the walls and doorways of the plaza and writing etched into the trunk of the orange trees, it´s safe to say, it´s certainly got some tales to tell. In my eyes this plaza has an untold amount of character and personality and I´m so glad to have stumbled upon it on one of my countless wanders through the city!
December 13, 1977, Rainbow Theater, Finsbury Park, North London: The Clash, Sham 69, The Valves. The electric jolt of Complete Control short-circuited every brain cell. I had found the actual center of the Universe. “The Only Band That Mattered”- true for a while. No wonder the sheer force of Punk Rock buried all the 70's dinosaur bands like ELP and Yes.
You ought to be ashamed, I said, to look so antique.
We had read that this castle was often used for weddings, so we were delighted to see it.
Social Security officials said they don’t object to using information gleaned from the Internet, but they don’t want the front-line deciders going out looking for it. They said that’s a job for fraud investigators to follow up on later in the process.
I am pleased with the results-- (to be put into book form, I sent the books into lulu.com-- very impressed with their work!). Email me and let me know if you'd like a .pdf file to read! I'd be happy it to you!
So grumps done - bring on 2012 and let the blogging world rock and roll!
After I went through and purged a lot of clothes, I realized... I don't have anything left! So, I need to make a shopping trip soon. I just seem to wear the same clothes all the time. So I never get to everything and it just hangs in the closet, collecting dust. If I didn't wear it in the last 3 months, it was purged.
Say the words out loud and they will make more sense:) These are the first few lines of the oldest known English part song, it was written in the mid 13th century.I can remember learning to sing it in music lessons at school when I was 12 or 13 years old. (The word 'sing' is used very loosely here!) It's written in Middle English, the language of Geoffrey Chaucer and The Canterbury Tales. In case you're struggling it translates:
something when I asked.
*runs until: Sept 7, 2010 11:59 pm HST
Doctors at a city hospital are trying to save the life of an 18-month-old boy injured in the attack. At least six others are reported to be in a serious condition. Medical staff are also said to be attending to some of the injured in the courthouse.
Bernie took Hermel to the secret door in the tunnel along the side of Dunn Street Canal where Ishcandar was last seen. He showed Hermel the secret of how to open the door and warned him about not doing so the wrong way. There was a trick, and if you didn’t know it, there was a trap. And then he took himself up the ladder and vanished down the snow-fogged street. Hermel headed back to the Guild Hall to get his new friends together.
Prima Marketing
So, problem solved, right? The author disagrees:
I love Sundays. I love how the world slows down just a bit, for just a while. I am going to step away from the computer and the chores and head into the cave, which has become the warmest space in the house since the new insulation was installed. Bouli will no doubt rest nearby, my guardian cat. Bello will occasionally saunter in, mewing and asking to go outside, perhaps to explore, but most likely to take respite from Bouli, who can't seem to leave him be for long.
Leaf beetles live in a great many regions around the world. They remain under stones or soil during winter and appear in spring. The leaf beetle illustrated is approximately 25 million years old. The fact that leaf beetles living today are exactly identical to those that lived 25 million years ago refutes the theory of evolution.
Since each reflects in joy its scanty gleam
casts its shadow puppets on my roof...
Somehow the stars aligned this past week, when Bry discovered on Open Table one 8:45 reservation for two on Friday night.
If he’s not my hero, he’s at least justification for pursuing 3 (other’s would say unrelated) degrees here in Brandon. And yes, perhaps, I’m just using this a self-fulfilling/self-efficacy educing self-therapy.
Proves that the smoke alarm is working and that a good thing too.
I still find it funny you work with people for months and they never invite you anywhere and the minute you say you are leaving, they all want to take you to lunch. Well what about all those other lunches I was alone! And the "I'll miss you". Um, yeah, I'm sure you will not. I don't see that any of them will keep in touch with me. I'm ready to just leave all of that behind me and move on.
I've written a bit about two of the Schmucker Bocks before. No great shakes by any means, but not bad. The local drink store gave me a chance to try a few more
So what exactly has transpired in the past year that God has so radically changed my life in amazing and glorious ways? Fall of my freshman year I was struggling with dating a guy who wasn’t saved and being at a school where I knew no one. I was desperately trying to hold onto my past while furiously searching for my future. I started going to Aletheia in September, but not consistently, and not whole-heartedly (I came for the service and skee-daddled afterwards, not making an effort to make connections).
Well, I shut them up. And yesterday, I began to feel ready. Ready for change, ready for turning leaves, ready for the next adventure.
I didnt have to be prettier,
To access the profession, a visit to the trainer is necessary to learn the skill (talking to a city guard in any faction capital is the easiest way to find them). Once trained, there will be a few options available under the professions tab of your spellbook: the archaeology icon to access the UI and see what’s happening, and the survey icon. It would be wise to move the survey action to an easily accessible keybind as you’ll be using it a lot.
Football has had its rough spells, occasionally in some parts of the globe it has its violence. Fans chant abuse at others supports, mock tragedies that have happened in the past. Players suffer racism, yet it is times like this. When a simple of game football becomes irrelevant, and you see not just rival supporters, but even those who have no links to either side or the players, officials all the way up to the president of FIFA and even people who have no interest in football, all unite in one voice, it shows that at times the true power of humanity shines through.
We do contact our legislators concerning issues that may or may not have to do with “repealing prohibition” – we ARE “Anti-prohibitionists”…
We want to hear about your absolute FAVOURITE recipe! It could be an amazing side dish, entree, dessert, or even a snack. Pop on over to our WesthillsBC Facebook page and post your show-stopping recipe. Once you’ve posted your own recipe review the others and vote by liking someone else’s recipe. In order to get entered into the contest you must first post your own recipe and you MUST like at least one other recipe.
So watching my young stepson--barely 12 years old--just beginning to struggle with all the bullshit that is adolescence breaks my heart. There's nothing I can say that will convince him that I, or any other adult for that matter, understands one iota what he's going through. Every teenager is sure that they're the only person on the planet who has ever felt the way they're feeling; to them, their angst and misery are completely unique and unprecedented. If they lack the coping skills or parental structure necessary to make it through the roughest of the rough patches, they shut down and withdraw. They can't, or simply won't, talk about it--whatever that "it" might be, which leaves those that love them totally ill-equipped to help or support them. You all enter a whirlpool of frustration and start to go down the drain together.
The beautiful singer, Nicole Henry, has won praise from both critics and audiences since her first moment in the spotlight. It’s no wonder Nicole has released three TOP 10-selling CDs in the last four years and toured internationally and throughout the United States. For two years after graduating college, Nicole performed around Miami, winning local awards singing original songs and pop covers. Then in 2002, Nicole fell in love with the freedom, melodies and lyrics of jazz. By 2004, she released her debut jazz CD, The Nearness of You, to critical acclaim. HMV Japan named Nicole “Best New Jazz Artist” for 2004 and the CD climbed to #2 on HMV Japan charts, staying in the top 10 for three months. In the U.S., Nicole received rave reviews and was featured on national jazz radio, including Sirius and XM Satellite Radio. Billboard wrote that “Henry is a jazz vocalist poised on the cusp of bigger things,” and indeed she continues to be. Her follow-up CD, Teach Me Tonight with the Eddie Higgins Trio, on Japan’s Venus Records, reached #1 at HMV, and again earned her honors, with HMV Japan naming it the “Best Vocal Jazz Album” of 2005.
"Atlantic City" tells of a young man's domination over a pool table in a makeshift video arcade and its teenaged, especially female, clientele. "To the Hills" maps a contest between two women for the favors of their fellow hillwalker during a weekend in the countryside. The strikingly odd, haunting dislocation of "See the Tree, How Big It's Grown" deserves mention; I've read this three times and I still marvel at its mysterious protagonist, who must in small town Clonmel start up, all over, running a chip shop after he arrives one day on a sort of a fixed mission he and we cannot fully comprehend.
663. Egg Foo Youn & Dim Sum from China Inn (Phoenixville, PA) 8:48 p.m.
Not as a god, but as a god might be,
This month: If you order a bag of the Shirley J Universal Sauce and a total of $50 worth of product, I will give you a Half Gallon Clear Square Plastic Jar with Lid (this will come in with your order!
I’ve spoken of my love for savory yogurt sauces before. Please make one for these kebabs. It’s so, so simple. Whole milk yogurt, lemon juice, minced garlic, salt, olive oil. Ratios to taste, but I like it real garlicky and lemony. Like a cup and a half of yogurt, juice of one lemon, 2 garlic cloves, 1/2 teaspoon of salt, tablespoon of olive oil. YUMMMMM.
Big Sky Oatmeal – MT – 5.4% ABV
Then they shoot you down in jest,
With Johnny Mercer, “Baby It’s Cold Outside”
A recipe from my collection books, "Favourite Cupcakes & Cheesecakes", published by Page One which I got it long time ago. Well, I didn't follow the recipe to the dot.. infact, I created my own..haha! The result....super yummy!!
“Grandma, when I have a kid, you’ll be dead!”
405 E 7th Street, Austin Texas 78701
Some of Chambers’ strengths are his accessibility and being someone who is not afraid to go up to a student and personally ask him or her to come to a game. He believes that winning is the first step in attracting more fans.
Matthew 5:21-26 (NRSV)
I bet the players were aware of that as well.
The story is great, the characters well-drawn, but more importantly, as fun as the roller coaster ride is, Mr. Mullen uses it to ask serious and important questions and as in any great work of literature, he doesn't always provide answers nor even good clues as to what the answers might be.
Ladle carefully into your hot, sterilised jar, and place a square of baking paper over the cap. Seal immediately and store in the fridge.
The three of us had a few beers on the patio and chatted. The weather was glorious--perfect for drinking and eating. There was just enough wind to keep the flies away. We sampled some of the food, and it was very good. The tap list was long, but the bottle beer menu was even longer. I almost had a (512) Pecan Porter, but Gary's friend reminded me that I could get that in Austin and San Antonio. I should be drinking things I never had before. She was right, of course. How could I get my "Legendary" badge on Untappd if I don't try new things?
naïve with wet fingers
b) the papers are yummy and I was to make them last longer!!!
Six astronauts are slated to take off for Mars. The dictatorial Captain, Dr.Lewis Spartan is despised by all. He’s an egotistical narcissist and that’s only the beginning of his lack of character. One astronaut is killed during a test to see if he can join the crew. Dr.Spartan suggests the new crewmember should be Gail Loring. That means five men and one woman. Uh-oh.
The Branch is a stamp from Woodhaven....
Its one year since Osama’s death. And that’s not the issue for me as much as the length of time that has passed! ONE YEAR! It was this time 12 months ago – what am I doing? what have I done in times past? Where is time going? Jeez! This is how we get old and we don’t even know it. Tick tock, so much time going past. So many plans, not so much time to execute. This quote below reminds me of that:
Ever wonder how the pros make it look so easy? Here is your chance to learn. Throughout the weekend, a number of events will be taking place where guests can learn the tricks of the trade right from the professionals. From various cooking demonstrations to special BB’QnA’ with Pitmaster Troy Black, there will be plenty of opportunities to learn their hidden secrets. With a knack for invention and love of barbecue, Black has gained an impressive reputation as an award-winning, competitive barbecue chef and brand ambassador. His zeal for both barbecue and the industry has taken him on an incredible journey from the Southern Living magazine editorial staff to full-time competitive barbecue chef. In the spring of 2010, Black’s first book, The Big Book of BBQ, hit the national scene. Guests can also enjoy an appearance by Ray Lampe, otherwise known as Dr. BBQ.
Mantashe attacked the Constitutional Court judges several times in recent weeks. He first rounded on them at the ANC’s KwaZulu-Natal provincial conference two weeks ago, and repeated his accusations at the ANC Youth League conference last Saturday.
You may be engaged in work essential to the prosecution of war for the maintenance of the free media of the British people – in newspapers, in radio stations, in public television concerns or in the supply of blogs or pithy comments on twitter or other necessaries of life. If so, it is of vital importance that you should carry on with this.
1) Position the stencil carefully, then press down all the edges insuring no paint will seep through.
“Now they accuse Phang of bribery! The intention is clear. It is to make Phang the subject of investigation by PDRM and MACC. A-G Gani Patail will then decide to press charges against Phang. That is what happens when you go against A-G Gani Patail. That was what happened Dato’ Ramli Yusuff and Rosli Dahlan in the MAS Scandal. Instead of going after the real crooks, they went after the Police Director and the lawyer!
10 - A Hard Rain's A-Gonna Fall
“How could you just ignore it? Why didn’t you do something?”
9 o clock there are no cars on the road.
Oh yes, I bribed him- you better believe it.
to praise Jesus.
10/20 – Minneapolis, MN – The Cabooze
One of the biggest highlights was getting to see the Eiffel Tower! Let me tell you...it is more amazing in person than you can even imagine. I was totally awestruck by this breathtaking vision!
Cheers lovelies, we hope the sun continues in your corner for as long as you want it.
Well....I'm happy to say...I'm down 8 pounds!! WOOHOO!! I was so stinkin' excited! I got my walking shoes on and took off down the road. That success put an extra spring in my step. It was fabulous! I felt accomplished today, and even more motivated than ever.
'Lacuna?'
Jacques is presently serving as the Executive Chef at MP Taverna, working with owner Michael Psalakis. He previously won rave reviews in the New York Times and from food reviewer Gael Greene for his work at Bar Luna. He collaborated with Lev as the Chef de Cuisine of The West Branch and as Sous Chef at Ouest.
Systematic co-ordinated meteorological measurements in Antarctica were not made before the International Geophysical Year (IGY, today called 3rd IPY, 1957-1958). The network of stations established at that time were the starting point of continuous meteorological measurements in the Far South. Now there are more than 50 years of data collection including ozone measurements, which led to the discovery of the ozone hole over Antarctica in the 1980s and over the Arctic in 1992.
Not trusting the cat for even a heartbeat, DJ gave him one more stroke and scratch around his ear and stood to his feet. Replacing the picture, he left the cat to the bed. “I’ll do the dishes. You can listen to me pout. In a manly fashion, of course.”
Those set our hairs, but these our flesh upright.
L overs without limits
I have put my car for sale and I am working on getting my apartment put on the market in the next few weeks.
I hire other people to do the work for me and make the deferential.
Wolf has asked me to write on a few specific things when we discussed the possibility of an appearance on his wonderful blog to support my new book Days with the Undead: Book One. At first, I didn’t know how I was going to answer the questions that he asked me because as simple and straightforward as they are, there is so much more to them. I have spent many days with his requests on my mind and now, I finally feel like I’m ready for the world to read my thoughts and my dreams and to get a deeper glimpse into the private oasis my mind is for me.
We have been nominated for a B.A.K.E Award, Best Sports Blog category. If you haven’t voted, kindly drop in and cast your vote here… Voting closes on 3rd May, so lets get as many votes as possible. Thank you.
We often see things like somebody unexpectedly received a stroke of luck, or “durian jatuh” in Indonesian slang term, or at other time, a disaster.
Oh, my...how easy it is to get behind in posting to a blog.
Between the wall and his bed, raising its ugly head and staring right at the torch light, was the most poisonous of African snakes — black mamba! From the floor the head was about three feet high, the whole snake could easily have been over six feet long. It was nothing sort of a miracle to survive a black mamba bite, Shankar had read.
6. Be Serious About What You Do, But Don’t Take Yourself Too Seriously - Humor can provide needed relief when times get tough. What many fail to understand is sometimes in order to find the humor you actually have to look for it. If you want others to take you seriously, the first thing you need to do is to get over yourself. The most important barrier to overcome is the barrier of self.
Yet it’s important to balance the recognition of inflexible planetary limits with a clear sense of the way human consciousness responds to such reflections, and to avoid the pitfalls that come from spending too much time contemplating what you don’t want to imitate. There are any number of ways to attain the necessary balance; those of my readers who follow religious, spiritual, or magical traditions have ample resources; those who don’t may find the regular contemplation of nature and natural systems to be an effective response; and of course one of the many reasons why I’ve encouraged readers who are interested in pursuing the "green wizardry" advocated in these posts to collect books and other information sources from the appropriate-tech movement of the 70s is that these tend to be stocked with colorful visions of the future we could have had—and even though that future is water under the micro-hydro turbine at this point, imitating it is by no means a useless strategy even this late in the game.
I'm so excited for I have no idea who they will have as guests.
“No,” said Lewis Schaffer. It’s not a word here either. There is no word ‘shambolic’ in English dictionaries.”
"Here, is that yer one Gail Porter?"
And the sandwich was really something to behold. Cream cheese, alfalfa sprouts, tomatoes, cucumbers, and hummus, all served on rosemary focaccia bread. Let's just say that the only bad thing about this sandwich was how difficult it was to fit into my mouth.
The cute couple went public with their relationship at Lollapalooza Music Festival earlier this month.
Something about that movie though well I just can’t get it out of my head
Lubriciously lovable Lucinda lucidly launched licked lollipops lasciviously at lolly-gagging laggards, Lotharios, landlubbers, and lackadaisical lepidopterists. ”Listen, Lucinda,” lisped Larry Lincoln, the Lilliputian librarian, “Lemon linen lanes lead to laudable lodestones.” Likely to laugh, Lucinda lobbed a leopard at Lionel’s lapel (luckily, the light-footed lad lunged left).
Forever and a day ago I read this sweet piece by Nichole.
John goes on to say something essential in verse 10: have nothing to do with false teachers. Certainly do not welcome them into your house — and do not even greet them! As soon as we begin to associate with these people, we open ourselves up to taking on board what they have to say. Like the Ephesians of 1 John, we become troubled and confused. We might start to rationalise Jesus’s truths and fall prey to distortions, e.g. docetism.
Good morning and happy mother's day to all you mothers out there! I hope you all have lovely days.
So many good ones, but Christine's made me saw "Awwww...." out loud, so she's my winner!
Winner will be announced Monday on Alex's blog during the "Z" post! Good luck & Godspeed!
So it's been a week.... a crazy week.... a busy week.... a tearful week.... a week of new found appreciation.... a week of closeness.... a week of pulling together.... a week of denial.... a week of avoidance.... a week of bi-polar emotions... a week of gratefulness.
3. Share 7 things about myself.
DORPAN
It was interesting, because I really didn't even notice it until after it happened for about a week.
Country : Canada
IT'S THE EARTH, NOT THE MOON plays again April 29 at 1:00 at the Kabuki
But you give them a job to do; 10 am they are still eating breakfast they haven’t started work at all. I start my own day by 5 am, only God knows when I close. They will begin their work by after 10am they want to close by 4pm. Such people when they get one job they never get another.
To make this a little more fun this week, I’m adding the challenge of working the words Someone’s at the Door into the story, whether through dialogue or narrative. It’s not required to participate in the writing prompt challenge, but I will give extra points to those who work it in. I’m also upping the word count in order to give you guys more flexibility with your sentences.
Friday afternoon the fun started. Janice came to watch the kids while Drew and I went to the 2pm showing of the Hunger Games! We’ve read all the books and loved them. I liked the movie a lot and Drew hated it. The camera angles were a little wonky but I got over it. He didn’t. We got back home and Janice left to pick Mike up from a car dealership and then we all headed for dinner at the ice cream shop. Drew left there and headed to an event at Wake that night.
Here are a few things I think have been holding me back thus far. I'd really appreciate it if you could tell me which, if any, of these would encourage you to buy.
If you love monograms like I do, you are going to love this news! I've partnered with Kim at Invite Cottage for a fabulous giveaway.
The fedex cardboard envelope they sent it in was worth more than that lame excuse for a degree.
Red onion: $.75/lb, used 8 oz onion = $.38
Ofelia Zepeda
Subtitles…you are explaining too much already.
The Minnesota congresswoman and former Republican presidential candidate was recently granted dual citizenship, Bachmann's office confirmed Tuesday night, according to CNN.
The first-to-file trained lawyers would read the definition in line with the grace period provisions under the non-prejudicial disclosure under EPC Article 55, JPA Article 30, or Article 9 of the Draft Substantive Patent Law Treaty. For them, these provisions should read to remove from the state of art only certain types of disclosures by the inventor or derived from the inventor. This is because the grace period is an exception to the first to file and covers only minimum acts of inventors. In contrast, under the AIA, the grace period is an exception to the first to invent in barring inventors from obtaining a patent after 12 months from the filing date. That the AIA follows a first-to-invent system is further confirmed in that the subject matter resulting from both classes of disclosures is prevented from constituting a prior right. Non-prejudicial disclosures are not exempted from the first-to-file principle under either the EPC or the JPA.
Yes, tablets are great and can do a lot, but they still can’t replace notebooks for many uses.
Amanda:"How arise I can't get into the Gym?"
I ordered all of the ingredients from one of my favorite sites a few months ago and they've been sitting in the box for quite a while now. After much thinking of what a "perfect chocolate and hazelnut cake" consist of, to me, I came up with this:
2-Deep Sleep
And I wondered about the memories that LG is building.
Beginning Tuesday, May 1st, the University of Georgia Athletic Association will offer William C. Hartman Jr. Fund patrons an additional opportunity to purchase tickets to three home football games and single non-renewable season tickets.
Olay Natural White SPF 24 (4)
I may be a lone voice here, but as far as I’m concerned, sometimes it’s okay not to write. In fact, I’d go so far as to say, sometimes it’s important not to write. For one thing, life always gets in the way and there will inevitably be days when something else takes precedence. But more critically, we need time to be and to think. And we need to allow ourselves the space to do that. I really do wish so many of my writer pals would back off and stop being so hard on themselves.
0,5 l warm milk/water/coconut milk or other equivalent
To recap flashlight features useful in a tactical light, lets add up. Very, very bright (120 lumens or so), uses a nearly indestructible LED bulb, runs on common batteries, has a rear end cap activation switch, shaped so it can be grasped like a syringe and activated in one hand, and preferably flashes faster than the lighting at a KISS concert. That about covers it, although there are lots of other neat things to have with a light... the features listed are enough.
With heaven, brought such requital to desire
I like to think that most Americans have a well-developed sense of freedom of speech. I wasn’t that surprised that a sixteen year old girl was being harassed and threatened for protesting a long standing banner with a prayer in the auditorium of her school. This issue touches on freedom of religion and separation of church and state, which I’m all for. From her personal experience and what lead her to not believe in God is where she is right now. We have laws in this country to protect that and also to protect her from the reaction of the community. For whatever is going on, as long as you adhere to those exceptions listed above, you have the right to say what you want to say in the US.
Peridot Twist Swarovski crystal element
and was struck by this line: "Her literary agent is chatting with a movie producer." Have you ever thought about which actors should portray you, hubby, and/or kids in this film of epic proportion? - Tina in Ohio
Back in my mis-spent youth I spent half a year drifting through university before I dropped out and went to Film School instead. From those few months there's only one thing that stuck with me: the idea that life is all in our imagination.
So many biotechnology patents have been issued for such small innovations that some fear the creation of a tragedy of the anti-commons in which new innovations involve so many existing patents that innovation is discouraged. At least one study has found the anti-commons is not yet a significant deterrent to innovation, but that the situation should be monitored.
I entered Pearl Continental Hotel on the 10th of April 2012, eager to shoot but not particularly interested in what the designers of the day had to showcase on the 4th and final day of the Pakistan Fashion Week 3 – 2012. It seemed to me that lately, wherever one turns a lawn exhibition or a fashion week could be seen happening right at the corner of a street. With so much happening in my dear Karachi, the fashion glam was kind of losing it’s charm.
One of the joys of moving interstate is learning a new language.
Remove the turkey from the oven, check for doneness. Remove to a serving platter, cover with foil, and take to the table. Be sure to keep it out of reach of any 4 legged friends. Transfer the sausages to a casserole and keep in the bottom of the oven. Drain the fat and stock from the pan for gravy. I prefer to drain it into a heatproof measuring jug.
Episode: "More Terms to Know"
I took this on Christmas day. It’s lichen growing on the side of a tree. My dad and I disagreed on what it was. He said, mushroom and I said, lichen.
But wait, the grand finale topped them all. An “Original” guitar piece that started by sampling an old Nirvana song (hmmmmm maybe your little peers and overage parents may not recognise it you horrid little boy but it was STOLEN and not played well to boot!!) …. and just when I thought that couldn’t get any worse he got out a guitar bow and some drumsticks and TORTURED his poor guitar the way I felt my whole body had been tortured whilst sitting there. If I was his parent I would have grounded him to his room, minus all access to musical instruments for about …. eternity … yes by then hopefully he would have learned his lesson,
3. friends – these are the people you’re friends with, but don’t go out of your way to hang out with all the time. someone brings them up in conversation and it’s “oh, yeah i’m friends with them!” but not much more than that
This post is over seven hundred words what the HECK.
The app has a simple interface and is easy to use. The flow of ink is feels “natural” and smooth and is similar to a felt tip pen. If you use your finger instead of a stylus, it appears wrist protection of some sort is built in so that when parts of your hand other than your finger tip rest on or touch the screen, it is not registered. Although there is no landscape mode, for free, you can’t go wrong. More than that, this app does have a feel of paper and pen. Download it today and experience what digital paper and pen feels like.
A person on a bicycle can carry more in comfort than a person with a backpack and inherent in that statement is the temptation to carry too much on your bike when on the road.
Whisk the flour, baking powder, and salt together in a bowl and set aside. In a mixer fitted with the paddle attachment (or using a hand-held mixer), beat the butter on high speed until it is pale and fluffy. Add the egg yolks and sugar and beat until the sugar is dissolved and the mixture is light. Reduce the mixer speed to low and add the dry ingredients, mixing only until the ingredients are incoporated.
Animation enthusiasts might want to check this out. I am going to now digest the fact that I just watched an Avenged Sevenfold video, and now feel permanently dirty.
The film stars your good self, Anna Chlumsky, Katie Rowlett, Matt Hutchinson, Marla Malcolm, Mr. Malt and Matthew Stanton – with Alex Orr onboard as director – what was it like working with the cast and crew on-set? Any good anecdotes?
Jack-"Kate said that we were leaving."
Once the dal gets cooked, add the salt and mash the dal well.
The white paper background is lit by two Vivitar 285 flashes shooting into small lumiquest softboxes (6x9") attached to the lights. I like to illuminate the background to a lesser than white exposure to avoid blowouts from reflection and also for the reason that I like the bg's to be off-white as opposed to stark white.
Check out Ink, Sweat and Tears. It is a very fresh and passionate site, that dispenses with that pipe-smoking, pompous, beard-twiddling nonsense (and that is just the women.)
2 leaving
½ cup agave nectar
“Fuck this is good,” I said, and she nodded and smiled and eased her weight down, swallowing my dick in her pussy, then slowly raising herself, squeezing me out before dropping again, wrapping her wet membrane around my dick and sending shivers that traveled from the head of my dick, down the shaft, past my balls, past my ass, then back up my spine to light up my brain’s pleasure centers.
The manager of our farm and his wife met at 14, married at 18 and have been together some 40 years..they have never dated another and I suspect they are as in love now as they were in their teens. They are inseparable and apart from their respective jobs they never, ever spend time apart. In all of their married lives there have only been a handful of nights that they have not slept in the same bed...this was due to illness...and those nights were unsettling and sleepless for them both. They were born in Provence and have lived in a ten mile radius from their birthplace ever since. Their holidays are spent for the most part in France...they have ventured 'overseas' twice in their lives, when their children encouraged them to spread their wings and try something 'new'. They came home disenchanted and happy to be once again in la Belle France. Even a day trip to Marseille, one hour away, is an unwelcome event for them. Their comfort zone is the familiar and they are, unlike most of us, not interested to challenge that. It is not because they are frightened or scared but rather that they are utterly content within their world. They truly believe that France is best and while they are well informed with matters of not only national but also global importance, their curiosity for adventure is not piqued for one moment.
I had reached a point where I was surviving on two hours sleep a night for two years and we were literally taking shifts.
because they knew they didn't eat breakfast.
Anyway, I just received a box of supplies from my dear friend in which I will guest design for her blog in April... let's have a look at what's inside - I was stunned to see what the box actually contains, that's a lot!! I will try my best to create a beauty out of these beautiful stuffs :)
Disappearing into the crowd of Belgian Beer Lovers
else’s most beloved fictional sisters. It’s no more than a once-over skim from a huge great barrel of
Aspects of Design antique effect background stamp from The Stamp Man
Green earrings: B. Lee Designs, gift from my parents
This years TNNA was fantastic. The show floor was full of so many beautiful new products it was hard to decide what to say "yes" to!
I didn't realise until my sister pointed it out , but the star buttons on this dress and my moon choker are very complimentary.
Oh yeah, do I need an agent? I strongly suggest that you find an agent. Agents are invaluable assets to authors. They can get your proposal in front of the right people and they’re your first critics and constant allies and advocates. They know the publishing business and will help you navigate it. I could go on. That said, it’s true that not as many agents look out for illustrated proposals. The number of agents serving the illustrated gift book industry is just lower than fiction and commercial nonfiction, so finding one to rep you may be more difficult. But don’t fear. You don’t need an agent to get an illustrated publishing deal. Will it help? You betcha. But if your concept and platform is strong, most editors will still look at your proposal, even if you’re not represented.
Roast 30 minutes, shaking the pan occasionally. Add garlic cloves to the dish. Continue to roast until tender and brown in spots, about 30 minutes longer. Serve hot.
Disney's Coronado Springs Resort (Moderate Resort)
Of course, the editor of Adventure Sports Journal was way to kind to tell me my articles sucked. Instead responding with comments like "doesn't hang together" or "reads like a Wikipedia article" or the ultimate kiss of death "I'm sure there's a few people who would find this interesting". I suppose real writers actually use a more descriptive vocabulary to describe bad writing simply responding "this sucks".
It's Friday and I'm OH-SO-HAPPY it is! It's been a long week to say the least. Your daddy left on Sunday for a week-long training. That wouldn't normally be a huge deal but then the walls came crashing down around me. Your baby sister wasn't feeling well so I took her in to the doctor on Monday afternoon. She had an ear infection. No wonder she was so fussy. So basically every night that your daddy has been gone, she has been fussy, is not sleeping well and is feeling super yucky.
Of course, Edward also made the trip. Unlike Yves, though, Ed HATES kids. I have no idea why, but he has never liked kids. He will and has bitten them before. I really need to make a sign to put on his door. He doesn't like kissing noises either. I had to train myself not to kiss this horse. He likes hugs though.
When it comes down to it, that’s what this post is really about. Barely two months ago, my grandpa – my Mini’s “Puppa” – was diagnosed with Acute Myelogenous Leukemia – and given a prognosis ranging from moderate to poor (depending on the treatment regime chosen and the response of the disease to it, of course). One dose of chemotherapy didn’t significantly improve Puppa’s counts, but didn’t drag him down at all, either; he still fought like hell. Even a nasty, raging infection to his IV port didn’t take the fight out – it was only when his oncologist really explained why he had recommended hospice care (rather than continued chemo treatments) that he just gave in, and let go… within a week, he was gone.
I did cry. Why is the measure of love loss?
See, on the career of George Anastaplo, various postings on www.anastaplo.wordpress.com, especially his talks, “If You’re as Good as You Look. Why Aren’t You a University of Chicago Professor?” and “First Annual Excellence in Teaching Award: George Anastaplo.” Also posted there are the George Anastaplo entry in the Yale Biographical Dictionary of American Law, the comments about George Anastaplo by Larry Arnhart in his “Darwinian Conservatism” blog, the Bibliography of George Anastaplo, and the remarks made by Keith Cleveland, on behalf of the Basic Program Staff, at the Fifty-five Years Celebration.
Another example might be that of Jesus description of the Kingdom of Heaven. One of his best known analogies is that of a mustard seed which a man plants and it becomes a huge tree (Matthew 13:31-32). The passage continues:
This is not a bad set of consolation activities at all, but I do still want to hear from Drummer. I'd hate to think he faded. and after I wrote an email that picked up on his warmth and said I was sending some back to him. But I do know that I didn't do anything wrong--no pressure, criticism, games, etc.--so if he's going to pull back, there must be something up with him, and better to know now than once I'm really hooked, right? Still, I hope everything's okay with him and his family, and that I hear from him soon.
Gray
3 c. long grain rice (this is the best rice to use, not too hard, not too mushy, perfect)
Rachel Cooke's piece in The Observer - I don't know if she actually works for them or just sells her wares to them from time to time - really raised the temperature, and her motive for producing the piece was evident in her rambling opening paragraph:
7 Come Hell Or High Water 3:40
Sigh...(with a smile).
Tasting.
Toronto Police Chief Bill Blair noted proudly during the press conference following the arrests, “I would remind you that there was not one single reference made by law enforcement to Muslim or Muslim community.” Before launching the anti-terror raids, Canadian police received “sensitivity training” and were carefully instructed in Islamic traditions such as handling the Koran, the use of prayer mats, and blowing oneself up in the course of an arrest. As Charles Johnson of blog Little Green Footballs noted: “Do the Canadian police extend such considerations to Christian, Jewish, Hindu or other faiths? If they don’t, then the Moslems have already won important recognition as a ‘special’ people.” Commenting on the arrests, the Globe and Mail stated that “It may have been the most politically correct terrorism bust in history.” Canada’s secret security apparatus had been “putting serious effort into softening its image” among Muslims for much of the previous years.
Clothes: Still maternity.
It’s also about recognizing that your wife who’s giving birth – perhaps for the first time – needs the help that medical personnel offer her, whatever their sex, and unrestricted air to breathe. You would want that, too, if you were trying to birth a child.
Why? Well, you don’t want to make a total idiot of yourself by publishing something full of grammar and spelling errors do you? That’s hardly going to attract an agent or a publisher, or many readers for that matter, no matter how wonderful your story. You might think you can sort this kind of thing out yourself using the spell and grammar checker in your word processing program, but you’ll be amazed how many errors slip through! In the interests of market research, I’ve been checking out some of the free self-published books on my Kindle, and most of them do themselves no favours. (Muse: that might be why their authors are giving them away?)
Overall it is safe to say that Chic Hijabs, is a company to watch out for. They are bringing originality, and creativity to a very competitive market. It is their attention to detail that makes them stand out, and their careful packaging will be sure to bring back customers. Most of all, the items they sell are reasonably priced and wont blow your budget.
I've seen some babies who are really tentative with their cake. It's like they don't really know what they're supposed to do with it. They often will touch the cake with one finger, then look at their parents as if to say, "Is it okay?" That wasn't really Sam's approach. He knew exactly what to do with that cake, and he didn't waste any time digging in. I think he enjoyed it, but you be the judge.
Standard airbags include the acura legend seats along with decent work ethics in corners, but for a so-called premium sports sedan, drivers have the 1986 acura legend of taking off on a par with performance sedan competitors. For 2010, six exterior colors are available and a stable feel at higher speeds. The RL's shape is taut and athletic, and its fish-eye lens makes it hard to judge distances. So backing up the 1986 acura legend is unmistakably Acura. In fact, it is pretty much identical. So which one's the 1986 acura legend, regarding THE problem: it all depends on how you drive. If you are launching the 1986 acura legend new boundaries need not be conquered. On the acura legend hood new TSX keeps its great qualities while improving engine output and dashboard ergonomics. It is now associated with some of this stuff to the acura legend coolant can shift up to the acura legend wheels and Acura has a problem that tarnishes the 1986 acura legend is one of a supermodel. The performance of the Super Handling All-Wheel Drive technology that was introduced with the acura legend review and therefore, not to mention logically, shares a good number of its power to the 1986 acura legend a sophisticated approach to design. Multiple angles and ridges combine to produce the 1986 acura legend from which to discharge driving duties. An expansive front windscreen enhances forward visibility.
Within minutes my page was full of messages from random companies telling how to – Have a life of wealth and abundance, how to enlarge a penis, add serious income, buy life insurance and get luxury lingerie at wholesale prices. The social network group freaked out and started adding their own messages.
I printed the labels on mailing labels I use for my ebay business. Then cut them the the size… crumpled and tore a bit and stuck on. Then I used a little distress ink to make them look old.
1986
The Prophet is also reported to have said: “I, and the one who looks after an orphan, will be like this in Paradise,” showing his middle and index fingers and separating them. (Sahih Bukhari, Vol. 7, Hadith No. 224)
I wish I had a 35 mm camera and lens, I used one this semester and had a great time taking pictures and developing them! It is such a different skill then just taking pictures on a digital camera. You have to make sure you load the camera right, take the pictures with the correct lighting and then develop the film, let alone after that you have to enlarge the image and create a print. Goes back to our basic camera skill.
She went into the bedroom and, after a couple of minutes,
#2 – Don’t rely on just one person.
I have decided that I will occasionally publish a post with a link to some of my earlier poems. These three were posted when I first started my blog and had almost no readers at all. Many of my subscribers have started fairly recently and might want to read these as well. However, some of you may have read them already. So I’ll try to give a description and enough of the beginning lines that perhaps you can recognize the poem. That way, you won’t have to read it again – unless you want to.
But at that time what wasn't post or pre or just shock?
So much so that when he passed away, my family held a auction sale. 5 days one week. 1 more day a little while later.
hi guy its me etchi hope your all enjoying the new look to helloprojecrxtreme, just wanted to thank all you guys for following here and over on the facebook page too, theres lots of different things going on on the facebook page so please visit there if you havent already done so, you may enjoy it there as theres a nice comunity feel there.
Microsoft has been talking about cloud optimisation and the post-virtualisation era for some time now. They sees it as key to their continued success in the enterprise market. Microsoft’s enterprise offerings (Windows Server, MS Office, MS Exchange, etc) are a corner stone of their revenue stream so the last thing that they need or want is for that to dry up. And to be fair, they are coming to the table with the most wide ranging and inclusive set of solutions available. They’re clearly determined to retain that business and are hedging their bets that if they offer a solution that meets a business’s needs, be it IaaS (Hyper-V), PaaS (Azure) or even SaaS (Office365), then they’ll be on the table, at the very least as an option.
As Adam Beale and Adam Simpson have already so eloquently said, it was a week of building (on) relationships that will hopefully last for a long time. It was a week of connecting with like-minded people face-to-face and immersing myself in an environment where everyone wants to improve, and I didn’t get complained at for talking about teaching at the pub!
-Like butterfly wings (butterfly fairies), e.g. as the image at this link.
Manuel: I can’t remember any specific age or moment, but I do remember at 7 having a great time helping my mother in her darkroom processing photographic film. During those years, my whole family moved to Europe and my father took some time to show me great exhibitions and art styles.
Now. On Monday morning, from the moment you leave your home, walk with awareness. Really look around, at the land, the creatures, your fellow workers. Forget the MP3 player, even the book on the train or bus. Look around. See the land you walk through, natural and man-made. Don’t judge, just bear witness. Consider how you move within it. Let your spirituality inform your actions.
Some of the rock walls have little wooden ladders going up and over the wall.
In any case, if it was such a bad thing, wouldn’t men who had been denied their rightful foreskins grant the ‘pleasure’ to ALL of their newborn baby boys? I’m sure that some do, but definitely not ALL…and what about men who undergo the procedure later in life? Maybe we should ask them about the sensitivity…ANYWAY…
I was standing outside my grandfather’s fence near the garden next to the G house where my cousin CE, several other people, and a man who often walks through our neighborhood were; and where Mrs. R’s house should be was a dock-like area, and Róisín Murphy was practicing for a concert there along with some other people & probably her manager or someone like that.
He praised the state for achieving 5.9 per cent gross domestic product (GDP) growth last year and attracting RM8.74 billion investments.
Jacket: All Saints
PS: All the blunders written in this blog have actually happened in reality nothing fake here.
-post the rules. check.
—Christine Wells, author of The Dangerous Duke
I'm linking up with Adventures of a 6th Grade Teacher and Miss Klohn's linky party of A Day In My Shoes. It has been so fascinating reading what everyone goes through in their daily lives. I thought my days were busy... mine are nothing compared to some others I have read!
Our Kind Words Cross is filling up. As you remember from this post, the kiddos are putting an Easter lily on the cross each time they say something kind. I am hoping that they will see how their kind words to one another (and to the grownups, too!) can bloom into something beautiful by Easter Sunday. I have also found that they have really gotten into the habit of saying kind things to one another. Sometimes, they aren't even realizing that they are doing it. That makes a mom's heart smile!
Possible Slogan: Drink this or we will invade your country and kill your family
ICEA Announces The Publication of The ICEA Guide to Pregnancy and Birth
blue parrot bluetooth CD/USB/MP3/WMA playback, built-In Parrot Bluetooth for HFP/A2DP, Pandora Internet radio control via iPhone USB, SiriusXM SXV100/SXV200 Ready with iTunes tagging, Wireless Remote Control included, Brand ClarionMade for iPod and iPhoneBuilt-In Parrot Bluetooth for HFP/A2DPSirius XM-ReadyFront AUX InputPandora Internet Radio Control via iPhone USB
The news comes from president Satoru Iwata’s briefing to investors following the release yesterday of Nintendo’s annual results. As expected, the company posted a loss for the first time in its 30 years in the videogame business. Iwata, naturally, focused on the ways in which Nintendo intends to return to profitability, and it appears he is following through in his previous pledge to grow digital revenue.
Warning:
If memory serves we sent nearly $90.00 out into the world to be spent in a creative way. Unfortunately, we only received less than twenty responses on the blog for the original dollar. Those participants were AWESOME, and they kept up the challenge for the first few months, but then the challenge waned altogether. I remain disappointed, but not surprised. Perplexed maybe…
SIGNING THIS PETITION
Am I really expecting anything out of this query? To be honest, my hopes aren't high. But I sent one.
After this gets cleaned up and he goes back to painting, he will decide to pull the oven out to be sure that every area is painted thoroughly.
Through three decades of dedication and experience, the company has developed to a renowned brand producing exceptional jewellery catering to the needs of the most elite clients, auction houses & jewellers alike. It is known for its consistently high standard of European-style artistry...
Yeah, I know I’m getting this one in a little late, but I had a busy day today. Endless glorious requisition forms with Eitrigg, which again begs the questions, with all my underlings why do I not have one whose job it is to handle the paperwork?
“Oh my darling!” Roger wailed to the oppressive weight of the parlour room as the grandfather clock ticked slowly behind him. “What have I done to you, what torment have I placed you under?”
Written for two people, who are soon to be married much earlier than they had originally planned. I was writing about a photo I had of them at an exhibition, but cannot go into detail, in order to protect their privacy. She was wearing a beautiful red gown as they stood before Constable's painting, hence the emphasis on red.
We all have… “things” in our past that we’re not exactly proud of, right? Well I’ve just finished watching an episode of Louie that reminded me of one such thing from my past. It happened during one of the many, MANY, very lonely “dry spells” of my youth. I was working part-time at one of those “drive-up window” carry out stores when an older woman started coming on to me. The freaky thing is that her attraction to me was based on her belief that I was the “spitting image” of a painting of Christ she had on her wall!
Rapid Action Treatment Cream
Frost’s last line, repeated, is a momento mori,
I don’t know if I know how I’m really doing.
Lorna Dee Cervantes – Emplumada
One of the things I like most about my new Nikon D300 is that it comes with a full range of great accessories. Some accessories are built in to the camera, with the attachment accessories, I’ve saved time and money from not having buy these extra accessories.
Fashion and design is one of the fastest growing sectors in India today, valued at 294 thousand crore per annum, with biggest growth drivers being Fashion Accessories, Home and Interior, Apparel, Jewellery and Footwear sectors.
Those who answered (the Call of) Allah and the Messenger (Muhammad pbuh) after being wounded; for those of them who did good deeds and feared Allah, there is a great reward. (V.3:169172)
At a rate of ten cents a day over a 204-day period, Katelyn owed the library $81.60.
Source: Purchased
The already-sluggish machine has now gone completely shithouse. Windows says it needs to go online to fix itself but I can't get online because Windows XP no longer recognizes my connection. Every time I try to something normal and mundane to improve my PC's performance, it bites me in the ass.
Some years ago, probably about the time we got married, I got switched from the left side to the right side of the bed. I don't know exactly how it happened, but what probably started as a whim so I could be near the fan has become permanent. I suppose I don't mind this, but that might have something or another to do with why I gravitate back to the other side of the bed when left unchecked.
Are you dealing, correctly, with the sin in your life? Proverbs 28:13 “He who covers his transgressions will not prosper, but whoever confesses and forsakes his sins will obtain mercy.” You won’t prosper or have success if you cover up your sin. You’re going to hav to confess and forsake. You may be able to hide it from man but you can’t hide it from God. Jesus’ blood works and it cleanses but if you reject the blood and don’t recieve what the blood has done by covering up your sin then you won’t prosper. All you have to do is take hold of the power that was invested in the blood of Jesus.
Crush Thin Mints into medium size chunks. Mix all
Brodus is facing Hunico.
A wonderful message to take to heart as we work toward the goal of creating inclusive, supportive schools and communities.
I just feel empty. Empty emotionally like I am unable to give anything back to the people I love. Empty mentally to the point of not feeling like I can function nearly as well as I should be on a daily basis. Empty physically because I am so exhausted from not sleeping well at night (dang potty runs due to a baby crunched bladder). And I’m probably physically empty too because I am not able to get the exercise my body yearns for.
How is that possible you ask. Simple he is 17.
Parks and Recreation
Note your physical and psychological condition at the time of your experience. Is your experience connected to fasting or low food intake, with lack of sleep or other abnormal physical patterns? Have you been taking any drugs, recreational or medical, that might be involved in the experience? What was your emotional state? Had you been experience any unusual stress or emotional disturbances that might color your experience?
This is best conveyed by both her Unicef work and the things she said. I had hoped to pick just one of her quotations, but as this is about the quintessential style icon, I’ve added a few more!
If you aren't willing to examine why you are holding on to school then just admit it and be a homeschooler.
Mahek: – That’s great. So how is your girl friend? Has she completed her studies?
Logan says, "We were REALLY freaked at first!"
“Stuck With You” by Huey Lewis & The News (from Time Flies… The Best of Huey Lewis & The News, 1996)
Commercial - couldn't think of a genre
The official residence of the President boasts of a palatial bungalow that never sees much partying or flurry of guests. But with Mr. Lalit Modi at the helm the bungalow will see as many parties as possible. After the grueling day at the Parliament he would love to relax amidst young and bubbly cheerleaders from across the country. All the franchise owners too will gather there and have a good time by socialising with one another over free flow of liquor with the liquor baron Mr. Vijay Mallya promising to provide unlimited supply of all his famous brands of whiskey and beer.
The anorexic comment hurts the most, because for your information, I am 5 foot 6 and a half inches tall and should weigh between 130 and 160, and I am currently 144 pounds, so I am still in my weight range, I am not under weight, I do eat and I do not binge (thank you very much). I was just determined and set a goal and people that know me really well know that when I set a goal for something NOTHING will stop me from my goal.
How do they do this? It is amazing what switching from 2% to skim milk and using sugar-free syrups can do to a nutrition label. All of a sudden, your 2pm excuse to get out of the office has you feeling a whole lot more virtuous.
4 leading
I'm always proud of my kids but this week, just about bursting! My daughter has officially turned her excellent baking and decorating skills into a business! Exciting!! You can find her scrumptious goodies at Dany's Cakes on facebook .She's doing a special "Cookie of the Week, and is now shipping I believe) I think she'll expand to offer things like her cinnamon buns (decadent, best I've ever tasted) and Pumpkin Whoopie pies and things like that. Hummm...wonder if she'll do her bourbon brownies. Absolutely to die for!
He look hesitated. “I… I turn you become like me… A vampire…”
Erdogan and US President Barack Obama have recently agreed on the need to send “non-lethal” aid to Syrian rebels, including communications equipment.
"There is one most high Creator Almighty, and a powerful king, and greatly to be feared, who sitteth upon his throne, and is the God of dominion."
to pay for 2 wars, a fancy prescription drug program
I discovered All Things Bright & Beautiful after Aubrey continued to leave me the very funniest comments. I just had to know this girl who was so clever, and was thrilled to find her blog is the exact same! She writes with so much personality that it's a joy to start each day with her, and I look forward to every comment she ever leaves for me!
Actually, this isn’t too bad. Tomorrow I have a meeting at Media Trust offices. THAT will be interesting. Come back tomorrow around this time to see how I coped.
I'm doing Level 1 - Experimental - 5 books.
Roll half the dough on a floured cloth or board. Sprinkle with sugar and roll it in gently. Cut with your favorite cookie cutters. Bake at 350° until lightly brown. Roll and cut remaining dough. You can use colored sugars if desired.
The Crazies were trying to cajole Husband into doing something...I seriously can't remember what it was at this point, but they were trying very hard. All of the sudden, Hailey say, "C'mon Bill...let's do it!" Ummmm...who gave her permission to use first names?
Lee Min Ho, BRAVO! I only have praises for this guy! He really improved a lot, acting wise. And he could never have looked HOTTER as Jeon Jin Ho in this drama. Every time he smiles, my heart becomes uber happy.
There was a proposal to alter the name of Aldgate East underground station near Brick Lane to Banglatown. Last year, because of a shortage of cemetery space for Muslims it was proposed by one Muslim councillor to relocate the graves in Tower Hamlets Cemetery elsewhere in order to construct a ‘multi-faith burial site’ – a Muslim burial site.
Hing/Asafoetida - 2 - 3 sprinkles
I needed to play
You are not that mind/body just as I am not this mind/body. What Is (what You are) is Sat Chit Ananda, Consciousness, in whose dream appear these mind/bodies. When this is seen , there is awakening from identification as one of the mind/body, by the character in the dream. What happens to this mind/body in the dream cannot in any way alter or affect the dreamer, What I Am, Presence, All That Is.
This little group of cretins have also been attacking other veteran Nationalists as spies such as Peter Squire and Steven Greenhalgh, two people who have worked hard for the party and donated very generously to the party over the years never mind being selected as a candidate for the NW Euro List.
And the vet's unspoken prescription runs
These are the techniques I employ in my practice, as well as for my clients – I may not use all of them at the same time but this is the list I feel confident in using whenever it is deemed necessary.
Catatonia Mulder & Scully UK
Brazil’s government may continue to contain the appreciation of the Brazilian real in “legitimate defense,” given a world awash in exaggerated levels of financial liquidity, former finance minister Antonio Delfim Netto told Dow Jones Newswires in an interview.
Richard C. Hoagland will tell you that the conclusion I came to in Ancient Dramas, Modern Myths is correct-- that the Shemsu Hor still very much exists and will exercise its influence behind the scenes with certain films (almost always science fiction action/adventures with strong alien and ancient astronaut themes or allegories). For the record, Graham Hancock told me in 2006 that he also believes that the Shemsu Hor still exist as well.
The other benefit of working at this time of day was that our sought-after Lake color became a breeze to capture. Sand Harbor is home to various shallow sand coves. As light penetrates the Lake, water molecules absorb various colors. Fine particles and the exceptional water clarity allow backscattering of the predominating light color toward the eye of an observer. The lake water appears blue as other colors in the light spectrum are absorbed at deeper depths and the predominant blue light is scattered back toward the observer’s eye. The center of the Lake can appear cobalt blue, as blue light is absorbed further, leaving visible violet light as the predominant light color. In shallow areas (such as this cove), the water can appear emerald or turquoise in color since green is the predominant light color at shallow depths. Due to an impending storm, the Lake was rather choppy all day. I have witnessed it with a glass surface, which results in amazing displays of sky and mountain reflections.
Sunday, we headed out to Mt. Vernon where we toured the mansion, witnessed day-time fireworks and toured the rest of the property. After a quick rest and some dinner, we headed down to The Mall. Fireworks started just after 9:00. Me and about a million of my closest friends witnessed our nation's birthday with a bang.
Here's a last little slice of fantastic Spanish culture to celebrate.
1 T dry sherry
Depending on your commitment to authenticity, your selection of appropriate boots is fairly broad. If you can find a pair of all-leather lace-up standard paddock boots, you're in luck. Ariat makes nice paddock boots, and they're specifically designed for riding. I'd recommend these for people who actually intend on riding in their Regency habits. ((See my post on Regency Sidesaddle Riding)) These boots look the part, and serve a practical purpose. Here is a sample of actual riding paddock boots: Click Here.
Ahhh, what a joy it is to have a mild winter!
Preheat oven to 160C . peel pumpkin and cut into 3 equal sized pieces. Grate one piece and set aside. Cut remaining pieces into 5 cm chunks and put in baking dish. Drizzle with half olive oil and bake, turning occasionally for 20 mins until soft.
You are my shadowy catacomb
This wasn't the only thing that got my ire up yesterday, amazingly enough. My Queens synagogue listserv is currently abuzz with back-and-forth tussling over GOP (and Tea Party-leaning) candidate Bob Turner winning former representative Anthony Weiner's congressional seat. This got me angry at three different things right off: former rep. Weiner, then the orthodox and ultra-orthodox Jewish constituents of the district who happily got used by the NY Republicans to supposedly send a message to Obama that he isn't taking Israel seriously enough, nor is he taking enough of a stand against same-sex marriage (which only further proves that getting out the vote is very important to ensure that you are, indeed, spoken for by you), topped by the milquetoast Democratic Party for being such wusses in this whole thing. Obama not being supportive enough of Israel? Spare me. Not enough support from the POTUS against same-sex marriage? Clear case of fear being greater than good sense. Kvetch, kvetch, kvetch. Moan, moan, moan.
What it’s really like being a supermodel
A few pictures (All taken by the incredibly talented Angie Moon Photographer) I wanted to share with you from the absolute best, most beautiful, most perfect day of my whole life....
And so we have the map of the degeneration of man from the Imago Dei to Democrat.
Krul
Alcohol helps.
We tell ourselves it’s about timing.
“What is the flight capacity of an unladen Galwell?”
I hear people talk about the world's problems and how things are going to crash and burn. Maybe. But take our energy crisis. For some of the smartest da Vincis of our day, it looks impossible. But I think with time and other inputs, we will some day be pouring water in our gas tanks.
It has been a pleasure to see the work of wonderful photographers such as Jonty Wilde, David Lund, Nigel Dobson and many more.
Amazing composition and peaceful picture with the lovely colors! I love it!
Necklace: Southpaw – Twig & Berries Necklace (Cheapie at Fantasy Faire booth)
Drink that they may not Mo.
That Thaisa am I, supposed dead
We have lots of news and garden business to discuss, so please save the date for our first 2011 Full Garden Meeting - 12 Noon.
Next I trimmed around my image and edged the top with my Martha Stewart Heart punch, and then edged this with my black card.
“Your gut feeling may be your best guide,” said Fisher. When it comes down to choosing between reporting good or bad news, reporters are encouraged to follow their gut9o and minimize harm.
Beyond providing a dark portal to supernatural realms and stiffening ill-thought out fashion accessories, bluebells are a sign of ancient forests. Since they outcompete other woodland plants when beneath dense shade, a large vibrant colony of bluebells indicates that the forest has stood for a long time. Magnificent bluebell displays are rare in the new world unless you find a place which had dedicated and visionary gardeners a lifetime ago.
Wooden napkin rings I've had a long time
And here is a little something from me, for those who have not seen it before.
So I am skiing this weekend with my family in Colorado and my uncle and dad were arguing over how many of the yolks to actually put in the bowl for scrambled eggs. And it’s no surprise, with all the misinformation out there surrounding cholesterol levels, so here I am to put the record straight! Be forewarned that this is a long post, but stick with it as it is full of useful information!
Because the story was told in multiple POVs, I never got attached to the characters. A little bit, but not much. It switched around a lot. I know some readers don't like that, and sometimes neither do I, but I think because of the way the book was written that it worked. The book was told from Kayla, Gabie, Drew, and the villain's point of view. I think there were only four perspectives, but I could be wrong. So there were at least four different POVs. And I never felt particularly connected to the characters, but I really wanted to know what had happened to Kayla and if she was going to make it out alive.
Free State Brewing Co. Blue Sky Rye
I also just signed up for BirchBox, and expect my first Box to arrive this month! So I will post reviews on Beauty products as well.
It turned my hair brittle,
The audio quality is too poor to pinpoint exactly what was said, but if you have headphones you can tell it was short, quick and spoken just loud enough that only the people directly in front of him would have a chance to hear the message. When I watch the video, his body language pretty much telegraphs what kind of message he delivered.
By Whitney Hopler.
“Did you have an appointment with Dr. Jake Hamilton this evening?”
the biggest shockers, and more.
In March 2007 Drew and I were living in our townhouse and had just started to create some norms in our newlywed life. It's safe to say that we had friends over almost every weekend and if there was ever a reason to throw a party we found a way to make it happen. Our townhouse was large and roomy and provided plenty of space to have everyone over. More importantly, there were plenty of spaces for people to sleep if they couldn't drive themselves home.
I think one of the annoying things about the predictable discussions that arise when vegetarianism pops up is that half the people round the table have a sneaking feeling they would quite like to be vegetarians. Some people only feel happy when they've got half a dead cow on their plate, but not all. As with smokers, some meat eaters have a giver-upper lurking in there, trying to get out. If they can beat me to their satisfaction in the sheep on the island and the leather shoe arguments then they can keep their latent half-hearted giver-upper locked up until the next dinner party.
I always bring home a vintage dachshund no matter what when I spot them on my treasure hunting outings. It does not matter if they do not look like my own dogs, I still know they will be loved and enjoyed at my house. ~ seems to be a running theme here......
We can’t simply admit that designing cities around private vehicle use was a huge mistake, and then tear up the suburbs and start all over again. I know, I know. As tempting as that is. But we can admit continuing to design cities for the primacy of private vehicle use is a mistake and stop doing it. Let’s start from the centre and work our way out. That part of Toronto that was here before cars were and that has been scarred trying to accommodate the ease of automobile use ever since. Let’s reclaim that. Not by banning cars but by forcing them to start sharing more evenly, both spatially and economically.
What the.. she is fully hectic and totally a heretic /
The fourth and final notecard design for this
Terrorist and extremist outfits in Pakistan have deepened their involvement in organised crimes, particularly including abduction-for-ransom and extortion, both to increase revenues and to push various illegitimate demands. A rampage of both high and low profile abductions across the country has provided the Tehreek-e-Taliban Pakistan (TTP), the Haqqani Network, the Afghan Taliban and al Qaeda, along with their various affiliates, with new ‘resources’ to fuel their politically and religiously motivated ‘jihad’, both within the country, and against the West and other ‘infidel’ states. According to information retrieved from slain al Qaeda chief Osama bin Laden’s Abbottabad compound, for instance, al Qaeda in Pakistan had turned to abduction-for-ransom to offset dwindling cash reserves.
recipe's the same one i used for the regular ichigo daifuku but instead of anko i used shiro-an. color wise, i think the contrast is not there coz both the mochi skin & shiro-an are white. i would suggest coloring the mochi pink or even adding some matcha powder into the skin if you'd like. thats what i'm gonna do when i make it again, think it'll look very pretty!
A taste of food unearthly,
India
The good times didn’t last though. For the big New Year celebration fireworks I had scouted out an easy access location with a clear view to the front side of the castle. Trouble was, this was a daylight scouting mission and on arriving at the location with no time to get anywhere else, the error I had made was obvious. There’s a rugby club here and they had strong security lights on their clubhouse, right in front of the castle which caused a load of issues with light flares on both cameras.
How exciting to imagine that pivotal moment in the evolution of popular music.
If you are interested give Suzy Moffett at call at 808.870.6795.
All were on Super 80s. In all three cases, the airplanes accelerated at a pace that pushed me back in my seat, nothing gradual there. And each flight angled steeply into the air, more than 45% of pitch, and acceleration barely slacked off until we were at altitude. On the OMA-DFW flight, when we got altitude and pushed over, there was a significant feeling of being lifted out of the seat, which was very cool.
“The tragedy of love is not death or separation. How long do you think it would have been before one or other of them ceased to care? Oh, it is dreadfully bitter to look at a woman whom you have loved with all your heart and soul, so that you felt you could not bear to let her out of your sight, and realize that you would not mind if you never saw her again. The tragedy of love is indifference.”
Wind protection
This will be a quick hook-up:
Ramachandran et al. interpret these findings as evidence of "emotion-colour synaesthesia" - the implication being that TK actually perceives emotions as colours. This is certainly one possibility, but it's worth noting that similar effects are commonly observed in typical adults using non-emotion words that have associations with colours. For example, it's easier and quicker to name the colours in FIRE GRASS LEMON SKY than it is in FIRE GRASS LEMON SKY.
all the while dancing to strains of love cats
If you haven't guessed by now, its TV Rant Week on DHTISH.
The Spanish cake recipe I used was somthing completely different to anything I've done before, it doesn't really sound like a cake when you read the ingredients and method, but it really works so well and tastes delicious. The bulk of the cake consists of beaten eggs and alot of ground almonds, with a generous amount of whole oranges, and, no flour whatsoever making it a great cake for anyone who may be wheat intolerant or sticking to a gluten-free diet.
Our Christmas festivities kicked off with hosting a Christmas party for our team here. We had a fun night with lots of laughter and we were so glad that we got at least one opportunity to entertain, as that's usually one of our favorite parts of the season.
First and foremost, we get an inner feeling of Love and Peace from a higher Divine Connection. But we also get other, more esoteric perceptions as well: a psychological alignment with the Karmic design of the Universe, so that our goals and dreams begin to work at a more miraculous level; a guiding intuition that can be counted on to put us in the right place to live a flow of rich Synchronicity; and most profoundly, we get a nagging sense of something we are supposed to do in the world to make it better.
But I'm starting to feel a little bit better now so I hope to be back to what passes for normal for me in a very short while!
Needless to say, I really enjoyed The House of the Devil, and hold it amongst the best of the last decade. Mood, atmosphere, visuals, approach, narrative and storytelling aspects, it’s my kind of movie. Which obviously means that I had a lot of anticipation brewing before catching The Innkeepers.
This photo sends shivers down my spine.
Injury is not the only thing that can potentially be covered by workers’ compensation. Illnesses could also qualify as a compensable claim, but only if they are related directly to the job. The illness also must be caused directly by the working conditions to be covered in a workers’ compensation policy. For example, a miner’s contraction of black lung would be compensable in all states. However, an employee in an office with a co-worker who smokes would not be eligible for workers’ compensation for treatment of illness due to secondhand smoke.
19C. AMERICAN BARLEYWINE
OK, OK, I know it was only on video. And it froze every few seconds. But in between he was there. Alive, attractive, passionate, natural, genius. Loud and clear and articulate on the audio stream.
Chickweed is an edible herb. When my daughters were very young they discovered chickweed while they played hard in our woods. Out behind our house, they would imagine being dainty English ladies drinking “tea” (spring water) with their pinkies poked up in the air or they were energetic Indians, whooping and running through the woods, they always made chickweed an important part of their play. When those little ladies and Indians got hungry what did they eat ? The girls would collect chickweed along with a few wild onions, wash the wild crafted herbs in the nearby spring and serve it up on cherry bark “plates”. Yum! I was amazed and grateful that they had chosen such a healthy ‘play food ‘ . Soon our whole family was enjoying this tasty free treat in our salads.
Altos – “And He Shall Feed his Flock” (Messiah)
To kick things off, I thought I'd take part in one of my favorite features that shows up on some blogs every now and then... a little Q&A. Has there ever been anything you've wanted to ask me personal, or just silly? Feel free to send your questions on over and I promise I'll answer all the nice ones!!! :) Now is your time to ask about anything from IVF to my favorite baby products, to how and when my hubby and I met. You want to know it? I'll answer!!! You can email your questions or just ask in the comment section... I'll try to do my best to help with wardrobe questions, home decor, baby issues... etc... etc...
Got my creation hat goin on
What is my favorite color?
Nevertheless I persisted, my children took embarrassing photos (which you won’t see here) and maybe I was even a little bit fitter at the end of our seven day stay.
Southern Indians have rasam towards the end of the meal with rice whilst the northerners have kadhi for the same reason!!
56:01 St. Augustine -kpalanuma
*Creating unique innovative effects designed especially for your company or event needs
DiS: With such an extensive back catalogue of work to choose from, how do you put together your setlists? Are there any songs or albums which you probably won't revisit again?
You can pop back over after you have a look see...
July 2, 2010
Of course, the majority of station masters in the period were honourable and did their job satisfactorily. Indeed, most had to have favourable references to be appointed. The Great Northern Railway’s ‘General Instructions and Regulations for the executive department’ stated that ‘experienced clerks’, who I presume were frequently appointed as ‘clerks-in-charge’, were required to have references from their ‘last employer’
Not to be outdone, Price Daniel, Shivers’s immediate successor (and old domino-playing buddy of your humble correspondent’s grandfather), decided to build a replica of the Governor’s Mansion on his ranch, and build it with the one-story wings that had been on the original plans. Well, I’m sad to say the attempt wasn’t entirely successful. I’ve seen photos of the house and it’s clear Daniel hired a builder, or at least a very unskilled architect, for the job.
2. Stand up and shake their hand. This documents your willingness to truly connect with them and allows you to establish common ground from the commencement of your dialogue. You can even impress them with the hand shake alone, depending on the firmness of your shake. Practice with your close associates and make sure they would be willing to work with you, based on the demeanor and attitude that your represent. You may not think this can be illustrated with a mere hand shake, but you never know.
* forceload expects a filename which includes the directory. Also
Well i say im going to sand it - its more likely calvin will be doing that elbow grease part -
Akov: *whispers in her ear* What are you planning?
Young adult novels tend to be quickly written off by the literary world as extremely shallow, love stories that are designed to pump money out of teens. Across the Universe and author Beth Revis really show the literary world that the distinction of “YA” novel doesn’t have to mean shallow plot lines, paper-thin characters, and intense supernatural love.
Professional Projects: None of the specifically listed goals, however, I've left my catering job for a job at the Cambridge School of Culinary Arts. It's an office job (assisting with job placements and things of that nature) and it's part time to start, but I'm really excited about it.
Insert a 6" piece of elastic inside and sew to close and secure elastic. Pull the elastic around to the other side of the headband, making sure it doesn't twist and sew into place. NOTE: For a child's size use a 4.5" piece of elastic and for a toddler use a 3.5" piece.
Tips to help get you ready:
Die anderen 3 Schilder bedeuten sicher alle das gleiche und nicht, wie man auch vermuten könnte, dass man versuchen sollte mit dem Auto zu tanzen (stopp vor zurück stopp stopp vor...). Nein, der Trick ist sicher, dass nur das obere Stoppschild in gewohnter Höhe für uns Menschen bestimmt ist, während jenes darunter für die viel kleineren Trolle und das tiefste für die noch viel kleineren Elfen aufgestellt wurde!
And I am proud of that, too.
So, why am I waiting for tomorrow
(Carolyn just scared me by unexpectedly turning the music on from her computer by typing “paus” at the command-line. “Pause” is already taken, you see.)
because I’m a grown-up
But the fact that the name of the neighborhood reverts away from Clinton Hill (whenever there is a crime often with people of color as victim) is something I find troubling. It makes me wonder if its just a perception dating back from the 70's and 80's that these horrible things only happen in Fort Green and Bed-Stuy. It also makes me wonder if it is a consideration, is there an intention to this reporting. I guess it would be hard to sell million dollar condos and brownstones if there are murders happening nearby.
Alternate chapters are told from Aomame and Tengo’s perspectives, and their stories gradually become interwoven even though they never meet or interact with each other. They knew each other briefly as children, however, and it turns out that their bond runs deeper than mere casual coincidence. As the novel progresses, other characters with connections to Aomane and Tengo are introduced, such as Tengo’s strict and conservative father, Aomame’s gentle but romantically unlucky childhood friend Yasuda Kyoko, the Dowager’s personal bodyguard Tamaru Kenichi, an under-the-law private investigator named Ushikawa Toshiharu, and a diabolically relentless NHK fee collector. All of these secondary characters are interesting enough to be the protagonists of their own novels, and their stories and conflicts and motivations are just as engaging as those of Tengo and Aomame.
I bought a couple of books from Linen Press last year and thoroughly enjoyed them both, so was looking forward to this year's crop. White Lies certainly did not disappoint - I have barely been able to put it down since I started it!
If this is beginning to sound like a “farewell letter,” well, yes it is — but only “sort of.” My husband and I have found a great place to move to now that he is retired from the State Department, so we are heading north. Sometime in the spring, we will move to the Ithaca, NY area, to a small hamlet in the Finger Lakes, to a house with 10+ acres of land/woods/pond where we plan to spend our time gardening and (for me) painting the beautiful flowers and trees on our new property. We will miss being here, but I do feel that there will be continuity of friendships and shared artwork — after all,BASNCR already has members in Texas and Maine! Why not branch out a bit?
That’s right. I have the almost exact recipe for Amy’s Lentil. Now it costs more than $5 to make but you get more than 2 servings…so I guess it evens out in the end.
There are no peanuts they say, twenty minutes later, with, it has to be said, some smugness. Apparently, though, we can have olives, which they suggest with some pride, as if they’d spent the last twenty minutes conferring about what might possibly be a suitable accompaniment to glasses of white wine and then, by a stroke of Hungarian genius, invented the notion of olives.
This whole realization came about when my co-worker Michelle was telling me about a teen by the name of Autumn whom she was working with. This teen had recently been removed from her mother and had entered foster care. As Michelle was telling me about Autumn and how intelligent and kind she was, she suddenly said, “You both would get along great and she could really use a good influence in her life, you should mentor her!!”. Michelle said it with such confidence and then looked at me with a beaming smile eagerly awaiting my response, which I know she wanted to be a yes. So there I was, a 22 year old standing there with an opportunity to change someones life and all I could think of was the fact that I’m completely terrified of leading anyone. I stood there frozen. But don’t worry I did end up saying yes, even though I was incredibly nervous that this teen might doubt my ability to be her mentor. I knew that if my Ally placement, my coworkers and the rest of my support system saw something in me, then it was time for me to step it up and lead. It was time for me to believe that what I brought to the table could be used to help the community.
We are not aiming to produce leading ‘works’ on each subject. Our resources will, we hope, encourage students to purchase the more substantial texts recommended for their courses and provide an excellent foundation upon which you can build your studies. It is very much a live ‘work in progress’ and will be the most extensive resource of its kind in the UK as it develops – and it is ALL FREE. We hope you will enjoy using it.
We came home for cocoa, we rolled sushi for the first time (fun!), ran around with sparklers, and watched a movie--the four of us together on the couch.
Levon
This is a cake for Shane’s 18th Birthday. She showed me a cake design she liked but wanted me to change the color palette to purple, pink and silver. So I used lavender as the base for the cake and cupcakes. I added cascading pink flowers with silver dragees as stamens. The pink and silver flowers are also reflected on the cupcakes. I also used silver baking cups and a silver cupcake tower. To make this cake more elegant, I added hanging rhinestones on the tower. I also used rhinestones on the number 18 on top of the cake.
So I was helping Addison get ready for bed last night and as I’m pulling her Hello Kitty t-shirt over her head she asks, “Why do they call them armpits?” Without waiting for an answer, the 4 year old begins to postulate: “Maybe it’s because they are stuck up there under your arms and they are dark and stinky. They are the pits.” ‘Her theorizing continues for no less than five minutes until I am convinced the child has been put on this Earth for the sole purpose of overthrowing a $39.5 billion deodorant and anitperspirant industry and turning it something people can respect, for God’s sake.
The present writer has written about this topic in several articles and pointed out two things: Mr. Malhotra is singularly ill equipped to deal with the Jesuit scholar as could be seen in his discussion / dialogue with Francis Clooney (see my article “How not to engage in Hindu-Christian dialogue”). Secondly, Mr. Malhotra is an autodidact and as in such cases (though not in all) he believes that his recent book Being Different is a world shaking event. Dr. Clooney senses this weakness and has both exploited it and used it to delude Mr. Malhotra into thinking that he is a latter-day Vivekananda, only an improved and sophisticated one! This is, of course, preparatory to his co-opting Mr. Malhotra into the process of Inculturation whose latest avatar is Hindu-Christian Dialogue. Mr. Malhotra’s bland assertion that he is not interested in the “political” angle of Hindu-Christian Dialogue is just that; he is in reality in the thick of a political morass, whether he likes it or not.
The less you give a damn, the happier you will be…
A Yes, meaning the proprietors of the store.
Paths of Glory (dir. Stanley Kubrick, 1957)
newly crowned, or just beheaded. King of the shady grass
Subject: Re: OMG!!
Let’s start with the simplest markers for drama: exclamation points. Rarely are exclamation points needed, and rarely should they be used.
13:39.03 Zak Barie 1982
When it comes to the kind of popular culture represented by Top of the Pops, I could claim to be a man with his ear to the ground and his eyes on the horizon but sadly I'm not and, like a fool, I managed to miss the whole of BBC4's run of Top of the Pops 1976 . Late to the party as always, I have, however, finally noticed the existence of Top of the Pops 1977.
This latest idea from the government has the whiff of being half baked. Now, in addition to the branded Hi-Viz yellow jackets to be worn by criminals doing ‘community payback’, The Ministry of Justice has plans for the public to be able to vote through DirectGov on the type of punishment criminals should receive. I have a feeling this ‘new initiative’ will descend into a TV style farce with nutters suggesting hanging, the pillory, keelhauling and couch potatoes from across the land and the more moronic will probably want to ‘phone a friend’ to get advice before voting.
We have to do a lot of bending over and climbing up on a short stool and then back down. Up and down up and down. After several hours of this a guy is really worn out.
I will trod on the road
I tend to say yes more than I say no.
I had work this morning and was put in the sewing room. I quite enjoyed it, much better than being in the other room filling envelopes and doing mind-numbing things like that! I cut shapes out of one material and sewed it on another piece 0f material. The circles were the hardest and it was all puckering, so I only succeeded with doing a 5-sided star (with straight lines!). So I just did more practising and breaking the sewing machine! I broke the needle, woopsy. Then the thread kept breaking also and for the life of me, I couldn’t work out how to string the machine up! (Wow, that is total wrong terminology, sorry). Threading the machine? That sounds more like it! A, the teacher, said that I will be in the sewing room also tomorrow. Even though I find it a bit frustrating on the sewing machines and things keep going wrong, I should really aim to get in to this and make it my permanent workroom. They make some beautiful stuff too.
How was your Monday? Here’s hoping the rest of my week is MUCH better.
She took a step towards him and he was gone, leaving the street empty in front of her. Why? She went to walk after him and frowned when her arm lagged behind her, held fast by something. Her eyes drifted to her wrist and the hand tightly grasping it.
Even bigger news: Today is Cameron's First Birthday! Even through all of the trials and heartache we are going through I could absolutely not ask for a better child. He is such an incredible blessing in our family and I don't know where I would be with out him!
But back to Julie. I always say that a lot of boys became men watching her in that black catsuit, and in 1992 history repeated itself with Michelle Pfeiffer’s Catwoman. The influence of the ’66 look can easily be seen, and the ’92 was in turn inspiration for Dolce and Gabbana interpretation in Vogue.
“Through the years he’s even by his own admission molested at least 10 children and we think the number is quite higher than that. The amount of damage this man has done is just staggering,” Wagner said. “He’s unchanged, he still is attracted to little boys and we’re convinced that … if he were to be released he’d be molesting again in a short amount of time.”
And with that, we conclude 2011′s holiday Five. I’d like to take a minute to thank every one of you that continue to support the Friday Five, and wish each of you a very merry Christmas, a happy Hanukkah, and a joyous new year.
Clarence was the archetypal rock & roll tenor sax player, raised on King Curtis and roadhouse gigs. But he’ll be remembered mainly for his work with Bruce Springsteen.
When her father picked her up, he would call her his ‘Angel’. People said she must have had heavenly or magical powers as well because nobody else could spend the whole day on the playground or in the sandpit and still go home with their clothes looking immaculate.
I really enjoy reading all your words and you truly make my day
Some have lived, while others died,
Elizabeth was childless and had taken her nephew, Peter, also a German, as her heir. For his consort, she chose another German related to Peter’s House of Holstein – little Sophia. As a young teenager, the princess was summoned to St. Petersburg.
Turmeric powder - half tspn
On the way back to the subway I passed by the Bryce_Wolkowitz_Gallery and these fun sculptures caught my eye. The artist is David Updike. I think he might be John Updike's son but I'm not sure.
This song is NOT Waltzing Matilda, it quotes it in the chorus, but it's properly called "Tom Traubert's blues (Four Sheets to the Wind in Copenhagen)".
S: How do you produce the cartoons?
The double date experience was really fun, and I'll definitely try it again. I'm psyched to see, however, how the new dynamic duo of Tortilla making super heroes, Scott and Lauren, do one on one. perhaps on another date with a key. After all, I've got 14 more to go and I can't resist a tattooed guy who can make such a slammin' tortilla.
On the first of January I set myself some goals. In my definitely category I said:
The silicone sort of implants for breast enlargement were first disapproved by the Food and Medication Authority (FDA) in 1992 because it was reported that the implants are causing detrimental medical issues for users. These concerns embody autoimmune and connective tissue illnesses. Through this ban, the only accessible breast augmentation choice for People was the saline implants. However, other in depth investigations, the FDA could not prove any correlation between these health concerns and the silicone suppliers implants. So, in 2006, the silicone engrafts were accepted again by the FDA. But, there were various conditions that came with this sanction. Individuals who selected the silicone implant were required to carry out magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) three yrs after the implant was inserted and every 2 yrs after the initial MRI. The MRI is utilized to examine whether or not the implant has ruptured. A ruptured silicone implant can’t be observed from normal observation. The rupture might have hostile medical concerns.
Civilization Faces 'Perfect Storm of Ecological and Social Problems'
When I started my journey, I believed that my gain had only been a 6 month problem. (Denial is a wonderful thing) I went to my yearly check-up to find that it was closer to a year. (I skipped the year before, whoops). And then I saw pictures of me that should it has been closer to two years that I had neglected health, in favor of my kids, my job, my, well whatever else one neglects their health for. Valid reasons, but I remember feeling like hypocrite telling patients to make time for themselves and not doing the same for myself.
I would like to tell you a little about myself and my company. My name is Jennifer and I am the owner and creator of Jensdigistamps.com. I have been drawing ever since I could hold a pencil. I have done many jobs in my life including being a hair dresser for the past 20 years but art has always been my passion and my love. I am in art galleries through out Ohio with my fine art but cartooning is a huge passion of mine. I have created jensdigistamps to give creative people fun images to work with. I also love meeting people who use my images and I am always looking for new ideas. Be sure to check out my work at www.jensdigistamps.com and feel free to contact me with any questions or ideas you may have.
In October I am offering:
Also, if you’re hiring a photographer from a group or studio who reps multiple people you should ask to see the album of the person they are trying to book for your wedding. You don’t want to look at various albums and not see the work of your photographer. You should also meet with this person before your wedding to make sure you like his or her personality.
'Petra was intrigued but didn't push it any further. Instead she poured another glass of Moët for them both, and they clinked glasses. To death, Eloise said smiling wickedly. I remember two things from a few years ago, 'Petra said. Things that I'll forever smile when I'm reminded of. Eloise frowned a little, I'm not sure I'll like what you are about to remember, she said.
Whereas during Screnzy, most of my tweets are like this one:
Okay, let’s talk about Part 1 of the E-Book “Star Wars – Republic Commandos: Odds” by Karen Traviss…….
Frankenstein (1931) 4 Stars
Ever have a friend who when you lose touch for years, you connect instantly again like they were never gone? That’s my Peter.
A Breath Of Fresh Air
Failure to disclose any information will render you liable to a fine of $50,000, or a week's worth of indenture to Donald Trump.
Okay, last order of business, I have been creating some more of these little artworks on the paint chip sample cards. Can’t seem to get enough of them! Along with my other regular projects, I have been so inspired by my recent joining of a RAAK group (Random Acts of Art Kindness). The thrill of making something and sending to someone on the list that I’ve never met, that has never met me, oh, I am just so excited to send a little card in the mail to them! I haven’t had penpals since grade school! This has been the most fun, and way more of an inspiration than I ever imagined it would be (how many times can you talk about inspiration in one blog post??)!
Is laughter what happens when you take six intelligent women and liberate them from the responsibility of feeding people three times a day? Was it glorious alchemy, or just the heady oxygen of having more space to breathe freely? I’d like to think it was more than the shot of ouzo that Julochka coerced me into imbibing after I had already, ahem, had enough. “What are you going to remember?” is her motto.
as though their prayers weren’t good enough
■ “And very early in the morning the first day of the week, they came unto the sepulchre at the rising of the sun.” (Mark 16:2)
As for these read I/O rates I've mentioned, you can get those from a DB2 monitor statistics detail report, or perhaps from a monitor's online display of buffer pool activity. You can also get this information from the output of the DB2 command -DISPLAY BUFFERPOOL(ACTIVE) DETAIL (and I specify ACTIVE in the command to get information for pools that are actually being used). To get per-second figures using the command output, do the following:
soy sauce - 1 tbsp
Copyright 2012, The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
dark chocolate every day: it will control your cravings and benefit your body. 91 percent of American women crave chocolate; it contains natural substances that create a sense of euphoria. We already know that it boosts levels of serotonin and dopamine, which improve your mood and significantly reduce stress hormones; but other beneficial chemicals are also included in chocolate: Phenylethylamine, the substance that your brain releases when you fall in love, and Theobromine, which boosts circulation and is a possible aphrodisiac. Women who ate dark chocolate for seven days saw their “bad” cholesterol drop by 6 percent and their “good” cholesterol rise by 9 percent.
However, we have decided what to plant this year. Here is what we settled on:
It was supposed to be a sit in. But except for those in the side roads where there were space to sit or squat, around most of Jalan Tun perak there is only standing space, so much so many find it impossible to sit down.
Hours have flown by. How many and I just can't tell. Maybe an entire day? Its evening though, getting dark and I’m looking in the mirror again, and in my most humble opinion at least, I’m looking rough!
The sun made one of her* rare appearances today (they tell me Pittsburgh is the fourth-cloudiest city in America), so it was time to take the basenjis out for a walk. Despite the sunshine, the temperature was only a few degrees above freezing, so we did not have one of our usual leisurely afternoon walks. Also contributing to the brevity of the walk was the rock salt scattered across the roads and sidewalks in the wake of a recent snowstorm; dogs find walking on rock salt painful.
Yesterday...
So without further ado, in a moment of ego and self-indulgence (and what is a blog, if it isn’t a massive dose of ego and self-indulgence?) I am handing out the 2007 Rambling Beard Awards.
She watches, inanimate and pale, her breath forming ice blossoms on the window.
Don't you just love going through the stashes of others?I certainly do!
All week long I would come home from work and think gee, a good bowl of soup would taste good for dinner. But it was always a little too late in the day to start a kettle of soup. I've hardly made any soup this winter...it just hasn't felt cold enough to be a soup-kind-of day for the most part.
The cookies were actually pretty good. Reminded us a lot of the raspberry strippers. Same glaze. The lemon peel gets crunchy, kinda like toasted coconut flakes. Luke liked them a lot. But if I make them again, I’ll be sure to turn off the videos and pitch the paintbrush. Maybe then they’ll turn out good enough ward off a sour mood. Even if they are lemon cookies.
4. You can certainly cover the brad with a piece of ribbon and some hot glue but I like the flexibility of taking it off and changing the buttons or the flowers.
My first boot camp two weeks kicked my ass, BUT the bruises I had on my forearm disappeared in a couple days, which is not new. My bruises tend to disappear more when I’m active, than when I’m inactive. I bruise easy, especially if I have a decrease water intake, and I’m not as active, and then they stay about 3-4 weeks. Pretty colors for a majority of it.
During the early years of the Troubles, army attempts to gather intelligence in republican areas were a fairly hit and miss affair. The need to put matters on a more rigorous footing led to the creation of an undercover army company trained specifically for the task of putting under surveillance republican paramilitary members in nationalist areas of NI where uniformed soldiers and policemen could not operate. This company, 14 Intelligence Company (also known, and subsequently referred to here, as the Det) was to prove its effectiveness time and time again. However, there will be no equivalent in our Muslim Troubles, a point the explication of which will shed some light on the nature of the conflict that awaits us.
I started to work, got to travel more,
Tina and Zooey often break into funny, goofy dances and voices. I totally do that.
This is my post for Watery Wednesday. To see more of our beautiful watery world, or to join and post your own pictures to share, click HERE.
Damn, I guess as a featured blogger of the week I ought to actually write something this week.
Here's wishing everyone everywhere a lovely rest of the week!
Just a quick note to tell you that there is only one day left to vote for me (or any of your other favourite Aussie blogs!) in the Best Australian Blogs 2012 Competition — People’s Choice.
13. Mad As The Mist And Snow
improvements: Tootsie has a habit of barking. Years ago June's husband (he is since deceased) would give her peanut butter in a bone when she'd bark. She still will bark and barks for attention. She is easily redirected. Tootsie jumps on people, jumps all over the room not caring if it's on/over her crate, furniture, paws on piano, whatever. She has horrible leash manners. She also hasn't really had a lot of socialization with dogs or people. Tootise is quite pushy and some might term her "dominant", but it appears she just hasn't had boundaries or learned what is appropriate with dogs or humans. To me Tootise was not as "stubborn" or "dumb" as GSPs often come off (they aren't either, but she doesn't have some of those hints of traits like other GSPs). She is VERY motivated to learn and work with you. She is both food and toy motivated. Once she settled down she was able to work. She will sit and down and will stay about 2 feet away and shake. Without knowing if she knows hand signals she followed hand signals for sit and down (no lure). She goes into her crate on "kennel up" then I just pointed and in she went. On the 2nd try she understood she couldn't leave her crate even if the door opened until I released her ("break") which she did know prior. Tootsie is responsive to personal space and body blocking. One thing we were told is that she barks during thunder, rain, and loud noises and will then whine throughout storms. We were told she does not dig or become destructive.
Father says “Have you thought of a name?”
Weekend’s here, which means party
We’ve used the Freedom of Information Act to discover that, between January and August last year, 1,100 claimants died after they were put in the “work-related activity group”. This group – which accounted for 21% of all claimants at the last count – get a lower rate of benefit for one year and are expected to go out and find work.
Despite facing dozens of potential threats each day, the security set-up at Israel's largest hub, Tel Aviv's Ben Gurion Airport, has not been breached since 2002, when a passenger mistakenly carried a handgun onto a flight. How do they manage that?
All of my children see their fathers and spend part of their lives with them. They are part of them. It is a fact, that can not be denied. I want them to know their fathers. I hope they always think of them as Dad.
Characteristics of False Shepherds, Teachers and Prophets According to Scripture
You can write anything, he said.
Campbell's new work focuses on the world portrayed and offered by the proliferation of ubiquitous upmarket lifestyle and travel guides. Image-rich, and with a carefully selected colour palette, these publications are intelligently illustrated employing cool architectural photography with tautly corrected perspective free of lens distortion. Such images tap into our knowledge both of art (via Edward Hopper and Bernd and Hilla Becher) and of cinema. These guides serve as a golden ticket enabling us to project our lives into places that we will probably never visit, with the secondary function that they look good on our bookshelves, advertising our cosmopolitan worldliness in a compact row of pantone neatness.
Beginning stitches are often uneven and, if it shows, it can be very frustrating for the one stitching. In an attempt to keep projects progressive with their skills, I used blank canvas, tapestry needles and yarn. Tapestry needles are larger and easier to hold while the canvas provides stability and a guide for stitch length and direction.
NOT purchase alcohol or drinks from the bars onboard
Paper: Daffodil Delight, Whisper White
This is the wall opposite the crib wall and is officially the workhorse of the room. I've spent more time at this changing table in the last 3 weeks than I ever could have anticipated. Holy diapers!! But I'm so happy I took the time to organize all those little drawers and stock it full of diapers and onsies and wipes. Every last one of them is getting used.
People often ask us … “How does Auburn Hills do it?” When we tell them about this equation, they scratch their heads and say … “Yeah, we know that, but how did you get that business approved in just 27 days? It would take us four months to get that type of project processed.” Well, like all good recipes, we have a secret ingredient.
Honestly, I was bothered by three things: one, he had told me he was going to work more so we could have more money. And then he took the afternoon off to go to a wine tasting. Two, even though I like the idea of wine and music at a vineyard, I really didn’t want to go with him. It was o.k., though. I enjoyed it. And the Girls’ Night Out. It was a nice gesture, but I would rather he hadn’t spent the money on that. Also, you don’t really go to a Girls’ Night Out alone.
One of this collection’s funniest moments comes in “The Collector.” In this episode, Dog drags Cat to the toy store to buy the new Mean Bob action figure. Cat could care less about Mean Bob at first. But later that same night, Cat has a dream in which the Mean Bob action figure tells Cat to buy more dolls so that he can sell them and make lots of money. Cat gives in and suddenly starts collecting all the mean Bob figures, thinking he’s gotten them all until someone comes along and shows him one that he doesn’t have after all. Fans of Don Adams’ classic series, Get Smart will appreciate this episode as it makes reference to that classic sitcom. Cat trades Winslow for the figure. And when a British Mean Bob figure comes out, the same guy from earlier tells Cat he sold his collection. Sadly for Cat, though, he doesn’t get to the store in time to sell his figures. Rancid plays the part of store clerk/owner in this episode. He tells Cat that the Mean Bob figures are worthless, and that everyone wants another figure at that point. It teaches audiences about the fickle nature of collectors and collecting in general. And at the same time, it’s a really funny episode.
But Sophia can't eat sweets because she is shall we say, extra fluffy.
Two...God told me to...and I always listen when He speaks. He knew I was going to need all the support I could get in the coming months and He was right...as always. Let me say right now...thank you all for the all the love that came our way during the months leading up to and following Bella's arrival. I've said it before, but it bears repeating...I felt the prayers like a warm hug every minute of every day. Thank you also for all the sweet birthday wishes for our little girl! Y'all are the best!
Priyanka Chopra…. Kaali
The woman is standing at the front of the mob because she is the star of the show. She is closest to Jesus and she can sense His gentle spirit and love. She is memorized by him. Jesus stands up and looks her straight in the eye and says, “Let any one of you who is without sin be the first to throw a stone at her.” His voice is not loud or accusing or harsh but instead it is gentle and kind and warm.
umh--
But I'm worried about cleaning up
I eat right, I workout 5 days a week, but I swear, like other girls, I can pick out 20 things I find wrong with myself. I listen to my friends and family do the same thing and I always think- "you are crazy girl, I dont know what mirror you are looking at!" But then I cant say the same to myself. I am sure its the week prior to my lovely time of the month when I am ALWAYS criticizing every inch of my body, but its starting to drive me nuts. I can go from being super confident one day, to the exact opposite the next.
Anyway, when it comes to the corporate image of this brewery, I think you get the idea.
With that question unanswered, my thoughts proceed to chapter two. The focus of this chapter is to stress the importance of understanding your students. “Teaching is not simply the transmission of knowledge from teacher to learner but rather is the interaction of teacher with learner“ (p.39). I have a truly formidable yet exciting task ahead of me in order to become a truly effective teacher.
Pete's Brewing Company Pete's Wicked Rally Cap Ale
you shall be saved from difficulties and hardships. Shaitaan hearing these words leaves him.”
Last week was a difficult week for me. Having just finished nearly all of my scheduled vacation time for the year the previous week it was a little depressing knowing that another summer of fun was in the rear-view mirror. Thoughts of the long slog that lay ahead as we work our way toward and through another winter hasn't helped. Please don't let it be a winter like the one we had last year!
To be able to overcome your current state and evolve it will require some sacrifices: renouncing at arrogance, start having courage, working hard, loving the life that surrounds you (nature, animals, and humans), not doing to the others what you don’t want to receive (Karma), helping every time, sharing your knowledge, teaching the others, constantly learning and improving yourself, having a family and not ultimately loving the Creator that gave you life and sacrifice His life for you.
How exciting is that!
If you didn’t see my initial contest entry post for the current Artists Wanted photography contest, you can still help me out by going to my contest entry page and clicking COLLECT ME
Yesterday, she started physical therapy to get her up and walking again. It started with some lessons with Chemo Duck. She learned all about the different instruments the doctors use and why they use them. She was very interested in learning all she could! As you can see, she has no shortage of friends in her bed to practice on!
I would ask D, but when he tried to help me a few years ago, he had the yarn going in so many directions.
Heat a large skillet or saucepan over medium heat. Add two tablespoons of the olive oil and heat until shimmering. Add the leek and shallot and cook until they are lightly browned, then add the rice.
Propaganda just made it appear that way. We have a rich history with customs and traditions that are as old as time itself.
The Attorney General's office filed a judgment against Carl Lau and Airleaf nearly a year ago; unfortunately, he is claiming bankruptcy and there is no money to be returned. That is why criminal charges on the federal level are so important. If they are not handed down, then the criminals will walk away without punishment after taking over $2 million of our money. If the U.S. Attorney's decision isn't reversed, predatory publishers will see it as a green light to proceed in Indiana. This is an outrage.
T got Simone as a kitten in Iowa. When T and I met Simone was staying with friends in Iowa while T got settled in California. When Simone and I first met T flew to Iowa and brought her back to California to live with us. She was a wonderful cat. Very social, wanted to be on your lap at all times, slept on your feet so you couldn't roll over in the night. She was a seal point Himalayan and made me fall in love with the Himalayan Persian breed.
Thrale’s Brewery, in which Dr Samuel Johnson was a shareholder, dates from the early 18th century. It closed following the death of its owner, Henry Thrale, in 1781 and merged with the rival Anchor Brewery founded by John Courage in 1787. Courage was taken over by members of the Barclay family, who also went into banking with some success. The name Courage was maintained and the Anchor Brewery survived until 1981 when its brands were transferred to a
The boys don't seem to mind. Yet. Every once in a while, when he's feeling rebellious, Mr8 throws the words 'well, I'm not even wearing a singlet' at me. And I laugh. 'You'll be so-o-orry,' I throw back at him, secretly pleased that I've managed to create such a benign point of revolution.
And it'll come to us all eventually.
images via polyvore.com
With each passing hour the danger increases and for Aspen, buying time isn’t an option… (Courtesy of GoodReads.com)
Things have been going well until today when this said "friend" again involved my daughter in something that has nothing to do with her. I want this person to stay away from Ashton, she really doesn't know whats going on and she thinks she knows best. she doesn't. So just stay away from her. instead she has decided to be "friends" with Ashton's Dad ( she knows everything that happened between Ashton's dad and myself) This to me is the ultimate betrayal. Not to mention the whole thing with her husband when he called me names and I had to apologize but some how he never has!!!
This year, the insightful US journalist and computer programmer Paul Ford published an essay entitled The Web Is a Customer Service Medium. Empowerment pop may only be a sign that popular music is no longer a medium of guitars, slick production and catchy lyrics, but instead, simply a matter of customer satisfaction.
So maybe it’s not a matter of skin color that Turk (Donald Faison), a black man, has his blackness refuted by Dr. Cox, a white man. Maybe it's instead because he acts “white.” At any rate, while the show is fictional, the real life comparisons are not. I feel under constant pressure to prove myself to white people, to prove that I’m black. I study slavery, racial and social issues, problems in countries in Africa, all the things that (I assume) white people look for when determining if someone without typical black characteristics can receive their “Black” stamp of approval.
We drove to the funeral home. We met with the rabbi. We were allowed to see Jake one last time. Once again I begged him to open his eyes. He did not. Evan and I sang to Jake. We drove to the cemetery behind the hearse. I knew there were a lot of people around but all I could see was Jake’s tiny casket. I could not take my eyes off of it. It took all of my will power not to jump into the ground with the casket. I swore that if we ever had to bury another child that I wanted to be buried too. Later I would have to take those words back.
Just for fun, here is my tentative menu:
"For example, with the treatment of children in schools both by their peers and by teachers as well as the educational system itself; the way native Americans and indigenous peoples are reflected in the school curriculum and teaching," he said.
Jon and I drove 120 miles round trip every day in separate cars for over 100 days. This got very spendy...but not for us. Employees at Vivant, where Jon's sister-in-law works, raised $500 for Maverick cards for us. Jon's parents (in addition to driving an hour down from Heber several times a week to sit by the bedside of their grandson) gave us each a credit card to use for gas after the cards ran out, which happened very quickly.
Also, simply adding pictures, much less editing them? Nearly impossible.
“Oh, was that the old Naboom town? It is black… Pitch black!”
Jane Hirsh
5. Keep stress to a minimum
Well, that's it for me today. Hope you are all off to a great week. Thanks so much for stopping by!
Pelosi stated at that time that a move to amend the Constitution was part of a three-pronged Progressive strategy. She included that passage of the DISCLOSE Act, which would further regulate disclosure requirements for organizations that run political ads, and promotion of taxpayer funding of political campaigns.
Let this pendant serve as a thing of beauty or work as a good luck charm of sorts, stimulating your drive to explore the majestic and mysterious.
The artificial colors blue 1 and 2, green 3, red 3, and yellow 6 have been linked to thyroid, adrenal, bladder, kidney, and brain cancers. Always seek out foods with the fewest artificial chemicals, especially when shopping for your kids. Look for color-free medications and natural food products that don’t contain artificial colors like these.
Last week a lady at church held a Children's Parade. All the kids got dressed up, decorated their bikes/wagons/cars, and marched down the street. Marley wasn't overly excited about it until they started throwing out the candy.
So far, she has eaten a little wet food and a very tiny amount of dry food last night. Things are looking up.
Step 2: Find a container that you can fill up with the above goodies.
Auster says: “However, the issue still comes down to white guilt, since, whether whites consider themselves guilty or consider other whites guilty, white guilt is still what it’s all about.”
It's important to remember that every tactic used by jihadists against the West got its first trial run in Israel.There will be more of this, and not just in 'the Zionist entity.'
Today was another trip to the vet for a glucose curve. Mom seemed a little more confident this time – at least, she wasn’t all broken down when she left. She asked the nurse to use her home meter to test as well, but apparently they couldn’t get a reading on it. I think it’s because they want Mom to buy the expensive Cat and Dog-specific glucose meter. Instead, she’s put that on her Yule list.
“Ninety-five,” Kat called out from the doorway. “Already charged to your card.”
Now go analyze the movie DIRTY DANCING -- the older versions are better for this exercise. It's erotica, but by the standards of a culture long gone and buried, so you should be able to see the silent conversation with an alien's eye. By the older cultural standards, this film was "edgy" -- i.e. on the edge of what is publicly acceptable. Compare the older and newer versions for another lesson.
5. Sleeping past 5:45 am
The story isn't at all what I expected, this is a magical, middle grade fantasy, which reads almost more like a modern day fairytale. With so many the twists and turns, I never could guess the outcome. It was evident each character played some role in the plot. The story built upon itself as each event and character strangely linked together, their lives becoming intertwined with each others in one way or another. They all converge at the end for an action packed, nail biting, tear jerking, finale. An "ineffable" tale which I'm certain will be enjoyed by many generations to come!
"Hey, this is the White House," Kass responds, chuckling.
Here she is with her lover, Henry Crowder, in better times:
This round's theme is:
Eve is tempted and succumbs to the will of the serpent (Freud would be proud). She then pulls Adam into the mix, because hey, misery loves company and she ain’t goin’ out alone! Adam resists, but hey, naked woman offering fruit? “I’ll not” quickly becomes, “I’ll bite!“
Syp, I am honoured to receive this award and I’ll truly think of it every time I shout “I need a bio break brb” in-game.
There was a particularly interesting report of hypnosis used to treat a 7-year-old girl who had 82 common warts. The warts had been present for 12-18 months and were not amenable to any of the routine medical treatments. Hypnotic suggestions were given for the facial warts to disappear before warts from the rest of the body. After 2 weeks, eight of 16 facial warts were gone, with no other changes. After three additional biweekly sessions, all 82 warts were gone. This was, to our knowledge, the first reported case of systematic wart removal in children and the researchers concluded that there is an intimate relationship between psychological mechanisms and the immune system.(2)
Boil the pasta in salted water according to the package instructions, drain.
If you think that environmental organizations like the Sierra Club and Friends of the Earth, among many others, are seeking to “protect” the Earth, you are seriously mistaken. They have been among the leading opponents of coal and they have had allies in Congress such as the Majority Leader of the Senate, Harry Reid, (D-NV) who has said “Coal makes us sick. Oil makes us sick.”
Lily
With championship caliber returners like Aldair Gonzalez at goalkeeper, team captain Erick Arana, midfielder Armando Pedrote and Jorge Flores at left wing — not to mention talented newcomers like striker Ricky Delgado and midfielder Christian Arana — the Tigers appear poised to pounce.
I love you, I love you
Controller Model : Sun STK RAID INT
4 oz currants, or failing that, raisins
'I had no idea that it was there and I was very surprised. The surgeon told me I had a lot to answer for because I had ruined one of his scalpels.
Publisher: 505 Games
When they saw the star they were filled with joy. They brought treasures and presents; the gifts of gold, incense and myrrh to be presented to this baby boy.
The column took a different turn, but I'm still glad I downloaded these country blues classics.
They are planning to restore the cider press house, which was out of bounds, currently covered in plastic and one of the guides stated that when they had the money they would restore it.. I would suggest that with the admittance charges of £4.20 just for the garden, and £7.50 as well as the high holiday rentals that money wouldn't be an issue but I am not sure how the restoration would be done.
I guess the spice of this series comes from the fact that Oreki is a boring protagonist. He whines and hates to make an effort and for some reason, it rubs on me. From a perspective, this series is totally eye-candy with a content not worth giving a fuck. But the thing is, if I would compare this with Tasogare x Otome, i’d prefer to waste time on this series. Not only is this visually stimulating, the random school mysteries makes sense. I’m not saying that the mysteries ARE interesting. In fact, the mysteries aren’t even material worth giving fuck about. But Oreki’s deduction draws me in. This may not be a murder which involves reasoning to define the culprit but the act of driving to a conclusion is pretty much this show’s glimmer.
And here is the glossy brochure advertising the PER.C6 cell line from aborted baby, including all the new vaccines in the pipeline that they are developing from it:
Nope. Neither did I. It eerked me to say the least.
Adult Protective Services tried to send Ed to Social Services Intake, but he was too sick for that so an ambulance was called—and this is where Ed’s whole life took a turn for the worse. A call was placed to 911, which automatically sent Rural Metro.
Once again, Chris Walken comes alive for Abel Ferrara in a vampire film for the ages. Feral, and often extremely moving, THE ADDICTION puts most bloodsucking movies well and truly in the shade.
If Islamic anger at the west was the result of allied the attacks on Afghanistan and Iraq, why was it they made their first attempt to blow up the New York world trade centre in 1993 and how come they were out on the streets of Islamabad and Karachi, calling for jihad against America within weeks of their successful second attempt in 2001 and well before any attack on Afghanistan let alone Iraq.
2 obvious
Otherwise, Mather's is a great little traditional pub with great beer selection. Its a shame that I'll unlikely go back there.
And my mind starts to spin.
It’s important to care about the bigger things in life, such as when belongings are stolen from you – but don’t sweat the small things.
The NHL's Florida Panthers (based in the Miami area) are at the bottom of the list, with a rating of just 0.25 and a household audience size of just 4,000 people. We'd say there are more people watching in person, but the team's attendance figures are probably bad as well.
What would make your family and you most proud, with consideration of your relatives who sacrificed dearly in wars?
The statistics show that 43 percent of black teens are unemployed; but don’t you dare offer them a job or encourage them to begin developing a work ethic, because that would simply be racist, wouldn’t it?
For the details on the items and stamps used by each designer or a chance to win blog candy hidden among their blogs, please click on the links under each card or project and leave a comment!
Varney Hardy, Frederick Collins II and Theophilus Seeton are some of McArthur's friends. They all grew up in Monrovia and they know what happens when a child soldier grows into an adult. McArthur is happy to confirm he is Liberian, he will show how you how the Senegalese bus company printed his ticket under the name 'Liberian Pratt'. McArthur and his friends know what it feels like to elect the first African female to be their leader. They hate litter, after she declared war on it. McArthur knows Africa is not an easy place place for those who dislike waste and those who hate to be herded onto public transport like a goat. He detests these things with equal fervour.
Where are you living?
First, the organizers tried to cover everything under the sun as long as it's breast cancer. So most people here have very little to do with your particular domain. The natural affinities are stretched very thin. It's good to be exposed to new things at meetings, but this is most fruitful when there's a bit more common ground to start off on.
I kick and scream at being left out of the attention and affection circles of the association around me, completely ignoring my own duplicity, my own envy, and the fact that I've done very little to make myself of interest to those who may like a little meaning and heart before they may naturally share their own.
There is a reason that whenever the most imaginative writers of our time have portrayed future generations as one unified race. It is because we cannot truly achieve when each person is more motivated by their bank account than by the well-being of their brothers. Human beings, if we are ever to become as great of a race as we think we are now, have to realize that personal achievement is meaningless if it has no positive effect on the entire race. We all die after a certain period of time, that is inevitable, and when we do any amount of money we have made, or not made, is truly and factually irrelevant. Only our achievements live beyond our death and only our achievements improve the overall quality of our race. No matter how much money you leave behind to family, or friends, or even a charity organization, it pales in comparison to what an achievement can do. When you consider this fact, you naturally realize that if each human being offered existence a life of achievement as opposed to a life of material goals then each generation would exponentially increase the quality of our race and with so many humans having lived and died throughout time, imagine how much could have been achieved so far that was lost to the pursuit of materialistic goals? It is almost inconceivable.
Heat 1 tablespoon of the oil in a large skillet over medium heat until shimmering. Carefully lay half of the patties in the skillet and cook 4-5 minutes on each side. Transfer the cooked burgers to a plate, tent with foil, and repeat with the remaining oil and bean patties. Serve warm.
We have no bombs or explosive devices
Real Estate Institute’s Canterbury branch head David Rankin, said landlords should not worry about filling accommodation as there would be a high demand for undamaged properties. NZPA
I am so lost seems now life has no goal.
On the 11th February 2011, ASOS announced a week-long competition where you simply had to input your email address/Twitter account name with your "most loved" item, up to a value of £150. Now, I'd been entering a few of the competitions ASOS had been running, so I didn't hesitate to enter this one! To my surprise I was the FIRST winner of the competition! I don't have a nice watch that I can wear when I'm out and about so I decided to buy my most loved item - the Juicy Couture White BFF Watch!
“A devastating indictment of the lethal combination of incompetence and radicalism that has made Obama into one of the worst presidents in American history.”
Reed has organized similar workshops in the Los Angeles area for American Indians in partnership with CBS which have been “very successful”. While serving on the SAG Board, he represented the Guild before the Federal Communications Commission and organized SAG’s first seminar with network producers/show runners, “The Invisible American”.
Fever Crumb is a stunning prequel to Philip Reeve's brilliant science fantasy quartet. It is set many generations before the events of Mortal Engines, in whose dazzling world huge, predatory cities chase and devour each other. Now, London is a riot-torn, ruinous town, clinging to a devastated landscape and hiding an explosive secret. Is Fever, adopted daughter of Dr Crumb, the strange key that will unlock its dangerous mysteries?
With a loud groan, Leigh slumped onto the table covering the top of her head with her arms. She peeked out between a crack in her fingertips and saw her friends hardly containing their laughter.
9 - Wilma Burgess - Misty Blue - 2:41
French toast can be served with other things such as butter or syrup and it also tastes great when it is eaten alone or as a snack.
A completely fascinating look at a delightful woman, who, come to think of it, might agree with Sendak on what kids can handle in their picture books. The kind of woman who writes Goodbye Mog, a more than slightly weird book which her most beloved creation, Mog the Cat, dies of old age, and then follows it up with My Henry, a book she describes in this interview:
singles rather than an 'album', ranging from a classic Bush-
WOW, it is so gorgeous and well made. This is the
A homeless man, who had been weaving about the sidewalk himself, walked towards us. ”Girl!” he cried, pointing to G’s dainty feet. ”Put them shoes back on! You gonna cut yourself! You gonna get an infection!”
In August, Marin Academy will launch a new website that goes beyond a “new coat of paint” and instead is more akin to a new ecosystem: students will be able to manage all parts of their school life (courses, clubs, sports teams, contact information, etc.) through one password-protected place: My MA. Teachers will be able to utilize the website to post homework and additional learning materials, supplement class time with videos, and engage students in an online message board—another great option for introverts who like to collect their thoughts ahead of time. Our new website is one of several tools that we will use to enhance teaching and learning and to improve families’ experiences at MA. I look forward to writing more about the project this summer.
For example, SECTOR C has had 30 returns this month. Ouch. It's also sold 674 copies so far this month in the US, been borrowed 87 times and has been downloaded for free 2093 times. 30 divided by 2767 (or 674 + 2093) equals 0.0108, or 1.08%. Not a bad rate after all. Whew!
The state approved Ratner's revised proposal in 2009, with a report by KPMG saying that yes, it was plausible to build out the project in ten years, thanks mainly to the demand for subsidized housing. KPMG's report was questionable mainly for its unrealistic estimates regarding the condo market, not the market for mixed-income rentals.
This is the greatest error that has ever been committed, the essential fatality of error on earth: one believed one possessed a criterion of reality in the forms of reason--while in fact one possessed them in order to become master of reality, in order to misunderstand reality in a shrewd manner--
* $100 credit toward your choice of any HeidiSongs product*
Congratulations to both of you! Feel free to grab your winners's button. In addition, you will both be entered into the monthly drawing for the Cricut cartridge Sweet Treats!
DVDs? Don’t talk to me, etc. I have 3 House boxsets. The first DVD of Cosmos. Synecdoche, New York. And more, but I can’t even remember what any more.
- First I deposit garbage, then I’ll go to Home Depot to get a new pot for my plant, on my way back I’ll stop at Rossmans to get vegetables, then go to that Spanish meat place on 5th avenue to get chicken legs.
It wasn’t by design, though, it just happened the way it did. We’d need a horn player, so the other horn players would recruit from among the people they liked and wanted to play with. I suppose if we’d had shitty players to begin with, we’d have ended up a shitty band. I’m glad it didn’t work out that way.
Boil Time: 90 Minutes
My final beers of the weekend were from New Belgium Brewing out of Ft. Collins. They hold up some special concoctions for the final night of GABF at the Falling Rock. We were treated to Blackberry Love, a 2007 keg of LaFolie, a Grand Cru, and Erics Ale. The god’s shined upon me as I approached the bar, with 100’s of people in line behind me, the owner of the Falling Rock made the announcement and these four phenomenal offerings began to flow.
Nancy's thoughts on lace:
For the last nine years I've been a consultant for a company that sells easy-to-prepare food. One of my favorite products is beer bread. Here's a less-expensive and super easy way to have delicious bread in an hour.
VERDICT: Something quite surprising happened, when my husband sat down and took his first bite. This is a true story-- Craig had a faraway look in his eyes. Very much like the scene from the movie "Ratatouille", where the feared food critic is served a French comfort food dish. My husband smiled, and said that the dinner I made reminded him of his childhood in Kansas City, MO. He remembered that his mom used to make a dinner that tasted just like this one. Suffice it to say, that my husband loved every bite, and I was so pleased that he enjoyed it as much as he did. As for me, this dinner reminded me of the Banquet TV dinners that my mother used to heat in the oven, when I was a kid-- yes, that was before microwaves were invented, but I was born after the horse and carriage.
In society, we honor and award the highest achievers, and why not?
Repeat with two more cakes.
The taste of the ground beef in the meat sauce, even with the tomatoes, onions, and garlic, was outstanding. Apparently I had become accustomed to the bland taste of commercial ground beef (and I don't want to think any further about that closed chapter).
She said…
After buying this package there wont be any need to buy any other package.
Apparently, in his GCSEs, which he took when he was sixteen, he got 11 ‘A Stars’ and at Oxford he got a 2i for PPE (Philosophy, Politics and Economics), receiving a first in Philosophy. He debated at the Oxford Union and served as president of the Politics, Philosophy and Economics Society, and he was the first Chinese student to be elected to the Standing Committee of the Oxford Union.
Two thirds of Friday are clearly set as Undercover Boss and Blue Bloods do great. The question mark is does Blue Bloods move to 9p with a new show at 10 or is that The Good Wife’s slot.
Just because a Lenotre cake especially their gateau au citron is hard to resist
We don’t half-ass anything when it comes to those we choose to love. Let alone those we fall in love with. Nothing is more dangerous than a woman who is in love except, perhaps, a woman who loves her children. Her own blood. And being an aunt myself, I can attest to that concept very well. I will serve 10 years in prison, gladly, if someone did something to my nephew. All the women out there who know what I’m talking about, will agree. Don’t ever question that.
There was no ceremony. No formal goodbye.
just joined our family. She came from terrible
Western infulences has obviously permeated Iceland's cultural defences since NATO established a base there in the 1950's, and although the island's rich heritage exerts a strong influence over any creative artist born there, too much can be read into the power the nation wields over a performer like Björk. Just because they come from Iceland, the Sugarcubes once quipped, didn't mean they had to sing about volcanoes and the aurora borealis.
Jiro Dreams of Sushi is a beautiful documentary and portrait of Jiro Ono, the oldest chef ever to win the highly coveted honor of 3 Michelin stars, and who is recognized by the Japanese government as a national treasure. This past Thursday, I was lucky enough to attend the screening held at the Japanese American National Museum courtesy of CAPE (Coalition of Asian Pacifics in Entertainment).
There is another problem with the Open-Access movement. It isn’t free to run a journal, even an online journal that dispenses with the cost of ink and paper. Editors, copyeditors, programmers, etc., all need to be paid. This raises the question of who is going to pay for open-access journals. Governments have provided a bit of funding for open-access scholarly publishing. For instance, the wonderful new open-access Journal of Historical Biography was funded by the Social Sciences and Humanities Research Council of Canada (SSHRC). For more details of SSHRC’s grant program for open access journals, see here.
Dress: Vintage
“We believe that the launch will have a huge fashion impact; establishing fashion’s greatest influencer as a major force in fashion design and further democratising fashion.”
That's progress, I wonder?
If you were a user of Picnik, what are you going to do? (Besides cry like me?! :) The Aviary program that's in Flickr now SUCKS. You don't get to choose any fonts? What?! I haven't used Google+ because, well, it's Google+ and I'm mad at them for killing Picnik. I hear you can make the edits like in Picnik, but not the collages...and it isn't tied to Flickr (since that's a Yahoo product) so you can't save them back to Flickr.
My sister, Sarah made this for me!
African Americans lived in the shadows. Our lives weren't documented or studied, except in some sociology texts where a deficit model was used. Yet, throughout America's history many lived quiet, unassuming, unnoticed lives. Some were successful; others were not. The Civil Rights Movement changed how we were viewed and the election of Barack Obama put a spotlight on the Black family.
I hope you are all looking forward to an interesting and exciting term of Computer Science.
to July's market!
Plus there is a quality of deep and peaty footballing obsession t hat extends right to the ends of his frazzled bouffant.
黎明
At the same time, giving to the Salvation Army has been strained in some hard-hit regions with the highest unemployment. Programs that had to cut back are serving 10 percent fewer youths than before the recession on average, the report found.
The Pacers have a good team and Vogel and Granger know it. The rest of Ameica will find out how good when the second round begins. They won't win the series but they will give the Heat a good fight.
Do you guys have any funny gym tales? Homeless people allowed to loiter in the gym’s massage chair? Guys using the squat rack for bicep curls? Leave a comment below!
NOTE: I’m still high off this victory, expect more hate comments on Andre once he thinks he can do everything himself for the next round. Expect the 0-5 on 3 point attempts and 2-9 on free throw attempts. Just enjoy tonight while you can Philly. Soak it up, bask it in. Philly advances.
In Scarlet Extended SA v SABAM, the ECJ held that EU law precludes the imposition of an injunction by a national court which imposes on internet service providers (ISPs) the adoption, at their expense and for an unlimited period, of a general and preventive filtering system with a view to preventing the illegal sharing of electronic files containing musical, cinematographic, or audiovisual works. In reaching its decision, the court stressed the need to strike a fair balance between copyright protection and the right of ISPs to conduct business freely as well as the right of their customers to protect personal data and receive or impart information.
Saturday is the big move of everything but we’re hoping to have enough essentials over there by tomorrow that we can start staying there tomorrow night.
As one moves from locality or state, a person may be required to present their birth certificate to prove identity; this becomes an issue when the gender marker or sex-identifier on the birth certificate is different from that on the state identification. New York State has a specific process for amending the gender or sex-identifier on a state ID or driver’s license, but individuals moving from New York State to another state may encounter difficulty if their birth certificate is also required to receive a state ID there. Additionally, many employers require access to an individual’s birth certificate to apply for health insurance, and transgender individuals may not want their employer to know about their biological sex or medical/surgical history.
Hi Everybody!!!
Sony features the same ICS goodness found on other devices, such as a panoramic camera view, enhanced lock screen, redesigned home screen icons, an improved Android web browser, Face Unlock and access to Google’s beta Chrome web browser.
The second ATC shows the same depth and another wonderfully ironic caption; funny! The sparkling pennants and gleaming teeth are wonderful accents. I really LOVE these ATCs, they are so whimsical and charming! Be sure to visit Stempelchaotin to leave a comment and farewell wishes for Sandy.
If a company advertised, “This product is the same as that cheaper one, but we want you to buy our more expensive version because of the name,” would you buy it? Absolutely not!
02.Don't Take It Personal 04:05
And their cocks in the kitchen
In grade 4, we moved into the senior campus. The grade 4 teacher would kick me in the backside. I would say "Don't" rather timidly and he would laugh and mock me. It was at this time that I started to get frustrated with my friends who would boss me around and I had enough and from then on I started to not have regular friends.
“Now you know this place we’re going to is a funeral home,
Every few years an Israeli Jewish politician floats a test balloon. He puts forward the idea that the areas where the Arab citizens of Israel live should be transfered --complete with the citizens-- to the future Palestinian state in exchange for Jewish settlement blocks in the West Bank. Those areas are highly fertile lands in comparison with the alternative option for a territorial swap (an empty zone in the Negev); but to paraphrase Golda Meir, they hate the Arabs more than they love the land.
Yesterday was day one of the 2012 Festival. It was a clear, cool, crisp spring day in Durham (see photos below). For my team, this represents an opportunity to shift gears for a few days and be a part of something truly amazing. A couple of years ago I met Wavy Gravy at the festival, and introduced him to my daughter. Last year, Elmo was one of the stars of the Festival and I was able to capture him on video. I can’t wait to see what this year brings.
I guess I just always assumed that I’d established my full argument as to WHY I feel that way, and looking back through the blog, I realize I never really have.
Those are lies.
Periklis Pavlidis, Aristotle University of Thessaloniki, Greece: The Rise of General Intellect and the Meaning of Education. Reflections on the Contradictions of Cognitive Capitalism
Berta Schumacher has lived a privileged life in Chicago, and when her parents decide they want a simpler life in Amana, Iowa, she resists. Under the strictures of the Amana villages, Berta's rebellion reaches new heights. Will her heart ever be content among the plain people of Amana?
b2s radio
What did you pack for lunch this week?
10. Combine cinnamon and sugar. (I doubled the amount)
(To elucidate, without giving away the punchline? A little academic doublespeak would be in order, a welcome diversion, to which challenge, indeed, I feel quite... up. Tell me if I passed, in the comments.... )
Of the survivors, what? Their story of peril and suffering with the revelations they will furnish of just what happened on board the stricken ocean giant remains .to be told.
Thanks in advance for anything anyone can tell me about goodreads. I know I'm way behind the times (I got my first cell phone less than a year ago) but I hate jumping in to things and want to find out as much as I can before starting.
Purée with a handheld blender, or in batches in a blender or food processor. Return soup to the pan, and add the cayenne pepper and heavy cream. Cook over low heat until the cream almost comes to a boil. Whisk 4 ounces of the cheese into the soup. Season to taste with salt and pepper.
I left out all of janice's La La parts- figured by the time you got to the bottom your brain would fill that in...
What first prompted me to stop at the Tu-Lane Truck Stop I don't remember. It was probably because it was late and I was hungry and the Tu-Lane was open. It's sometimes said that truckers know the best places to eat and if this is a true indicator, the Tu-Lane must have been good because it was busy with truckers catching a late night meal.
He was already Dick Clark, giant in the music industry.
And not just any birthday.
We hope that everyone enters the holiday season in good spirits and health and that 2011 as been as good to you all as it was to us.
This week Crafty Sentiments Designs is providing the above prize to some lucky participant!!! So jump right in and join in with us!!!
So in other words we are spending $70B a year federally on education and the states do as well as or better than the federal government. That is money well spent by the feds, wouldn't you say?
05-Dennis Brown-Silhouettes
The Baby Shower rolled around and it was such a great day. We swam in the pool, all our girlfriends were there and we chilled out surrounded by people we loved. When I got home I couldn’t sleep and sat looking at all the beautiful gifts my baby had been given. I was on the way to the nursery to hang up some clothes when I felt a little trickle down my leg.
the blogging has been sporadic because we are moving this week and next week.
Soccer Dad’s Middle East Media Sampler Major General Amir Eshel Appointed Commander of the Israeli Air Force Maj. Gen. Amir Eshel appointed new Israeli Air Force commander The Middle East Media Sampler 5/10/2012: With Mideast Experts Like Friedman and Zakaria… Iran freaks out over Google Maps Firefighting 101: Home Front Command on Lag BaOmer
9. The Youth Ahead - It's Not Me
PCC: “Why can I feel my heartbeat in my tongue?”
So today we've been watching movies and reading books (we made a run to the library earlier) and treating this like any other rainy, might storm, y'know, day.
"The pompous prick" I thought to myself.
Next thing I knew it was pageant time. It was a great experience, I loved all the PR time I was getting through all of the events I went to. All of the public speaking was really giving me the confidence I now realize helped me so much at the pageant. I was however getting a tid bit nervous about representing the National Czech Captil (Wilber) and hoping that I could live up to their expectatitions and bring home a title. So there I was, practicing last minute, finishing up my questions last minute and starting on my kroj (Czech costume) last minute.
I ran some lotion through my hair, got naked and slid into bed. I wrapped myself around the man I have been hoping would choose me. I suspect he knew I had returned and was making a point to be "asleep." Luckily, slumber took me away without a hassle.
The Tallis Scholars run their own workshops in Oakham, England (where I learned about Jan Coxwell’s Desert Island Disc love for "Puppet on a String"), Seattle, Washington, and Sydney, Australia., which is where I was this week last year.
The "left" side of the manifold is where it bolts to the cylinder head. It is a very tight fit between the pipe and the nuts that secure it, so I had to file away a bit of meat. I also apparently didn't do a fantastic job welding it in that area, as the crack formed right there.
What categories are included in FAS-FAX?
Oh baby, oh bye-bye, oh bye-bye
I don’t believe in nothing, because I have seen no evidence that there has ever been nothing. The Big Bang does not begin at the point of nothing, it begins with a singularity. From the moment the universe was concentrated energy in a point smaller than an atom until it expanded and cooled to its current state, we have a fairly good understanding of what happened.
MrsVoon Turn SuetYi
The New York Post’s Page Six reported that venture capitalist Adam Dell, the brother of Dell Inc. founder Michael Dell, had filed suit against Lakshmi seeking custody of their 11-month-old baby. Lakshmi, who the Post dubbed “the food fox,” has only been permitting Dell to spend seven hours a week with their baby girl.
And watch my Gotham pass by taxi light,
When we started a year ago, I was hoping just to live successfully based on a plan, and if THAT could work than maybe to bring our bills down in a year to a place where we would at least break even every month and not have to rely on the "tax bonus". Well, this year has been more than I could even dream. We have lived successfully on this plan, and we've even lived well. We've found ways to still have fun, see movies, go out to eat occasionally, enjoy life. We had Christmas, and yes I spent almost every penny of that budget (just $4.50 left over), but I had NO GUILT after Christmas, I spent exactly what we had planned for Christmas this year. A big thing to me too has been the actual Peace part of Financial Peace. I feel an incredible weight has lifted because I KNOW that we can manage our money and anything that comes our way from here on out. Also, it has been incredibly good for our marraige. I can remember the one "fight" we've had about money ALL YEAR, and it wasn't so much a fight, but me being upset that my husband had spent $30 while I was out of town that we hadn't planned on or talked about ahead of time. No biggie, we found another spot for that money to come out of, and it really was no big deal, it's just become that easy and important for us to communicate about where our money is going. There is enough in life to stress us out, it feels so good to not fight about money anymore.
As background, the DOL issued a news release on August 31, 2011 wherein the DOL proposed “updating” the FLSA’s child labor provisions. Boiled down, the DOL’s updates sought to “bring parity between the rules for younger workers employed in agricultural jobs and the more stringent rules that apply to those employed in nonagricultural workplaces.” However, the DOL expressly stated that any “updates” would not apply to children working on farms “owned by their parents.” What exactly constituted “ownership” of a farm (i.e. whether fractional or whole ownership was needed) was never clearly defined.
Where were you when he was 12?
When I first started making this storage box, I made a scratch stock for the bead because my moulding plane was being fussy. The scratch stock worked great until I glued up the box and tried to finish the profile on the short pieces of endgrain. It was like trying to push a St. Bernard through a cat door. Backwards.
In addition to it’s bleaching properties, sunshine ultraviolet rays are a natural antiseptic. It can help eliminate the bacteria that may be giving your diapers a case of the stinkies!
Phoenix
I will share the other card I made tomorrow.
Sorry dudes, I sometimes feel a bit like posting a dull post is worse than no post at all. But heck, you can always stop reading. Plus my day-to-day life is probably duller than I realise, so silly lists aren't that much of a disappointment.
The angry young boys then had enough
White people in America have come to occupy a similar place to the one held by minority groups such as Jews and Asians. There is a bizarre and vulgar obsession with their success, entire schools of thought dedicated to proving that their success is unjustified and has only come about as a result of a vast conspiracy, clannish privilege and underhanded tactics. There is an equally strong obsession with punishing them for their success.
07. The Crying Light
He was lucky that she only spat at him. If it had been another time of the month she’d have introduced the business tip of her Doc Martens to his family jewels. Nothing irked her more than being referred to as some boy’s mommy. Well, maybe being referred to as “bitch” irked her more, but mommy was right up there with it. She’d seen that fool before, he lived in her building. His father was a drug dealer. That fucker had called her mommy too… No, it had been momma-sita.
(notes: "finished" does not necessarily beggarly completed. for example, finishing Air-conditioned Mario Galaxy agency that i accomplished and defeated the final boss, and saw the end credits, but not necessarily with all 120 stars. also, amateur that were purchased afterwards the appetite of arena to completion, such as Saints Row 2, and amateur purchased as affair games, such as LEGO Bedrock Band, are not counted as allotment of this list.)
Paula Gooder, ‘The Ladies and the Cities. Transformation and Apocalyptic Identity in Joseph and Aseneth, 4 Ezra, the Apocalypse and the Shepherd of Hermas by Edith M. Humphrey’, Vetus Testamentum, 49 (1999), 277-78.
In Did Jehovah’s Witnesses Properly Worshiped Jesus? post, I presented Watchtower’s published literatures that recorded Jehovah’s witnesses’ properly worshiping Christ Jesus.
The complainant handed over the money to him and he placed it in the cubbyhole in his car. The police pounced and arrested him. Khaile is also due in court on July 23.
Thanks for stopping by and be sure to check out the Divas below and see what samples they have for you today. AND don't forget to leave some love for a chance to WIN THESE STAMP SETS!! Winners will be announced at our Anni-VERVE-sary Bash Release Party that night. And for even more chances to win new stamps, play along with our Anni-VERVE-sary sketch challenges, going on this week in our forum!
First, what does being the salt of the earth mean? Well for an extensive look at that you can read my blog ‘Please pass the salt.” But in brief, it means that we as Christians are to keep the world from moral corruption. World?? Yes, world, or earth as Jesus put it. But are we really the salt to the world? Take a look around you. Are we really doing a good job of this? I’m ashamed to say, I don’t think we are. We seem to be keeping all the salt to ourselves. Dumping on Christians within our own congregations and in other denominations. Sure, we are supposed to do that, but Jesus seems to think it should go beyond those within the church – to the earth. Now, let’s move beyond that little if we often look at as a period here.
The (M.R.U.) Most Recently Used list is an individual usage list, of which there can be many MRU’s running at one time. They record every action you or your computer makes; every thing you download and everything you say. Some of the more advanced applications even record every keystroke made on your keyboard so that it can be reconstructed later. When you hear someone say, ‘My computer is acting so slow’, this is mainly because these M.R.U’s that are currently running beyond your control or knowledge are constantly updating Microsoft and anyone else who’s listening in the background.
I had no idea this photo was even going to appear on Facebook with that message from Lester until my lovely wife brought it to my attention while we were watching “Meet The Press” a little after 8 a.m. on Sunday. She read what Lester said and felt heartbroken for him. I read what Lester said and felt the same.
Henry's sleeping patterns are still a bit wack*, and I am discovering how bad I am at enforcing bedtime. I think we kind of lucked out when he settled into his routines, so we never really built them up on purpose... For the last couple of nights we've been doing dinner, then a bath and a feed and bed, but he wakes up again after half an hour, all refreshed and ready to hang out.
These fusion centers, “which combine the military, the FBI, state police, and others, have been internally promoted by the US Army as means to avoid restrictions preventing the military from spying on the domestic population.”
6. Come On In (Featuring Buck Owens)
A few days later, and I was in NICU alone, and he was not doing well. He was under jaundice lights, and completely swollen from the surgery. Not breathing well, and certainly not eating. In the far back corner of our shared room was an older baby whose mother was there every time I came to see Tomas. The baby was always on his stomach and had tons of toys and blankets under his crib. I didn't ever pay too much attention, and the hospital was pretty strict about its privacy policy. But I had learned about the butterflies.
Anne Frank did it, Adrian Mole did it, even Samuel Pepys and Bridget Jones did it… And as the The Daily Mail have passed on the exclusive option then let’s do it, let’s begin to serialise it here.
Any advice would be greatly appreciated!!
Roll is just insanely awesome on so many levels, and I was also quite fond of flying serpent kick — which shoots you forward at rapid speed until you choose to land. It’s difficult to target, but it’s incredibly satisfying to land on a target just right.
Pour your caramel over your popcorn and stir until it's all coated.
10) Favorite animal
sometimes just because
Last night I had the most uncomfortable contractions and cramps I've experienced yet. But again this morning? Nada. Maybe I will be one of those people that is already like 7cm dialated by the time they they are actually in active labor :)
Several days later, I moved onto CID and became responsible for investigating this case, closely supervised by the Detective Sergeant who let me loose on it. I had to take the statement of evidence from the victim, something which took me two whole days spent with him in hospital – the longest statement of evidence I have ever taken, covering 24 pages of (my fairly small) writing. Spending an hour writing, giving him a break from it, then another hour, etc., until done. It was clear that the impact upon him, not just in terms of physical injuries, was enormous. He asked so many questions about the mental health system and the criminal justice system: he wanted to know, as many victims of unprovoked violence do, about the mental health history and care history of his attacker as well as what would happen to him. I had to research this overnight in between my two days of taking his statement to give him half a chance comprehend what may have changed his life forever.
I know, this is not your warm, fuzzy 3-weeks-before-Christmas blog post, but it’s a story that must be told. Lynn has written about this subject before here, here, and here, and to help with my organization, The Born2Fly Project, to stop child trafficking.
Not really, except that it’s now part of my working week, so it has to be done and I take it seriously. But I don’t have a routine, if that’s what you mean. I write in spurts, when I feel like it and can sometimes go a few weeks without doing any at all. I’m great though at meeting deadlines, so they’re always a great inspiration.
Votre amie,
As you constantly provide news for educators, you’ve probably heard of mobile learning before, and maybe even agreed it has potential.
The CPSIA law puts in place many requirements, but here are the highlights that relate most frequently to handcrafters:
Communicate- if you are going to be late then please email me and your partner and tell us - once the Due Date has come and gone and they are left sad and lonely by their forlorn and empty mailbox it's TOO LATE TO APOLOGIZE!!!
Whew! Sit back and enjoy your beautiful page.
*When you order have the waiter bag half your meal and bring it you with the check.
I’ve used the braai-areas as an example, but there are many other horror stories, related to the deliberate vandalism of the Whiteman’s designs, such as floor-polishers, vacuum cleaners, - in fact, anything and everything that needs electric power or fuel to operate.
Am I ashamed of some of the things I've said? Heck no. Far from it in fact. All of the posts here have been a part of who I am. Sometimes serious, often times wacky, and all points in between. I just think I'm ready to tone it down a notch.
1 strategies
Technology transfer and access to medicines will be facilitated. Yet it is in the field of genetic resources that CA states have obtained the most important negotiation results. Stressing, in an IPR set of rules, that patent protection must not interfere with countries' rights to protect their genetic resources under the Convention on Biological Diversity is a good point, taking into consideration that CA is biodiversity-rich (seldom do IPR treaties include rules protecting genetic resources). Linking IPR with the protection of biodiversity—as the EU-CA association agreement does—is far-sighted and will probably help prevent the misappropriation of genetic resources.
Hope you have a good weekend.
I thought this to be a straightforward sort of question, until I began to think over the ranks. Good Heavens! Off the top of my head last night, I could name enough men to fill several platoons. If war came, I bet I’d have my own personal battalion of fictional heroes to fight my skirmishes.
I hose down my car with water (that is actually soap) while simultaneously attempting to look like my outburst was completely intentional and I am totally in control. (It's not working. People are staring.) I'm confused when some bubbles appear in the water, but I assume it's just a coincidence. I leave the car wash under the impression that all I've accomplished is spending $3 to douse my car with water. Actually, I paid $3 so I could look like a wacko and drive away with soap drying all over my car.
Last Seen: Matchmaking for Chucky Jr.
No wonder I am so tired. Just once in a while, I'd like the Mister to beat me home and do this list. Just once. Oh, well, I leave to see the Airman and his bride in Okinawa on Tuesday... And I can rest then... Right??
Than myself.
Date of Birth: 10/31/1967
101. Little Caesar
What happens when I run a few very wet brush strokes onto a loose collection of old watercolour paint pads & place them face down on a wet a piece of card stock, then spritz the whole piece with some more water?
Somewhere in here, I started talking on Match to an amazing-sounding guy. A professor here in Smallville, 4 years older than me, looking for a professional woman. He's really interesting and he looks really cute, too. I just hope I get to meet him, he doesn't meet someone else first, and he doesn't find me too chubby....
Before joining HK in 2006, I was a foreign rights agent at two different agencies, selling UK and translation rights directly for a big group of agency clients. Now, I have my own client list, and also represent the children's list for UK and translation. I attend the Bologna book fair, and like other agents in NY, especially at this pre-fair time of year, I also take many meetings here with co-agents, foreign editors and scouts.
Now my parents live next door, we have a duplex attached to each other.
When SINS OF THE ANGELS: The Grigori Legacy hit the book shelves in September 2011, it did so as resounding success with stellar reviews by the literary community, and with good reason.
Oh wait, that was probably only me who hollered.
McBride, 48, stood erect in the dock and looked the magistrate in the eyes during his sentencing.
Have you found that deep abiding happiness that only Jesus can give? I encourage you to draw nearer to God. Seek Him and drink from the living waters that restore the soul and bring a joy sufficient for any earthly circumstances we face.
After a good steak dinner and a few VB's the famous Roothie was right at home in the bar of the Den and we had a blast sharing stories and creating a few laughs. Turns out Roothie's talents extend further than 4WDing, with him revealing that for 17 years he was the writer of the horoscopes for People and Picture magazine........WHAT?......Absolute crack up and in a scary way I really wasn't that surprised. The man is full of hidden talents.
In medical malpractice cases only, Virginia has enacted a special cap on damages. That cap limits all patients in Virginia to no more than a $2 million recovery. The cap is inclusive, meaning it limits both Dad’s financial loss and his pain and suffering loss. (The law is Va. Code §8.01-581.15). So in Virginia, if Dad is struck by the physician in the car, he recovers his full loss, $3.5 million. If the physician causes the same injury to Dad but in a medical setting, Dad recovers $2 million.
28. BHAGWATH CHANDRASEKHAR (IND) Legbreak (1963-80)
So what is God’s answer to our nakedness? From the very beginning, He clothed us. In the Garden of Eden, God killed an animal and clothed Adam and Eve with its skin. This animal was a type of Christ, who would die because of our nakedness so that He could clothe us!
Squeeze orange juice over fillets the last minute of cooking, sprinkle on fresh thyme. Serve over a bed of couscous with freshly steamed green beans or a small side salad.
6. Got to enter meaningless data into a calendar at work.
Step Four: Smooth the top of the poof over with comb. (Make sure you smooth lightly so you do not take too much of the volume out). Next place bobby pins on the sides of the poof. (They should end up meeting in the middle of the poof)
It is the most Irish of American cities.
I am a Netflix customer and I was very upset by not only the the separation of DVD and Streaming, but by the huge price increase. I have keep the streaming service, because it is convenient for me when I want to watch an older movie or TV show, but I am evaluating if is worth the price. Except for the addition of AMC's Mad Men, there very little that feel is
He was born William Claude Dukenfeld, in the Germantown section of Philadelphia in 1880. His father, an English immigrant, had a produce market, and it is said that young Claude got his start juggling his father’s wares. He became stagestruck in his early teens, periodically running away from home to stay with relatives or in a clubhouse he kept with his borderline criminal friends. Despite his seemingly undisciplined life, he made a careful study of all the jugglers who came to town, in particular Cinqevalli and the Byrne Brothers. He practiced for hours daily, enduring physical pain, boredom and frustration in order to become pre-eminent at his skill. He first juggled balls, hats, sticks and the like but early on he demonstrated his originality by devising his renowned “cigar box trick”. He worked humor into the act as soon as he could, as when he juggled five items then contrived to lose one, just catching it as it started to fly away, as though it were all an accident.
Sex aids can help to greatly improve your partner’s sexual experience as well as your own. However, vibrators are not a replacement for a man, and they cannot help your partner achieve the same feelings of intimacy and pleasure.
Two weeks ago, firefighters from Amherst and surrounding communities rescued 22-year-old Scott Merrick, who had fallen 25 feet from the top of Bare Mountain in the Notch, a popular hiking venue in the Mount Holyoke Range State Park. Merrick’s mishap occurred late at night when he ascended the hill alone, following a dispute with his girlfriend at the bottom. The rescue involved 35 firefighters, including members of the department’s technical rescue team, who responded at 11:30 p.m. to the girlfriend’s call. They wrapped things up at 3:30 a.m. Merrick, who sustained minor injuries, left the hill on a stretcher and was transportated by ambulance to Baystate Medical Center in Springfield. The cost of his rescue: around $10,000.
After the jumping horn funk intro of ‘El Entro’ the band get down to dirty business with the sweet soul strut of ‘I Can Give’ and the party is on. ‘Mamacita’ is one of many standouts – a thrill ride with tasty latin jazz-flute filigrees decorating the funky greasy pork chops. ‘Sonny’s Strut’ lets the band flex their groove muscles; ‘Sometimes It Hurts’ is late night city lights and sorrow over cocktails; title track ‘Take From Me’ is smooth as skin – the album is soul-funk riches from go to whoa.
I am just relaxing with a book...well, with my netbook right now. After while, we will get ready and head over for some more gambling fun!
"Mom, I did just what she said and jumped ~on her~!"
I cook; I clean; I iron, and I don’t mind. Does that mean I’ve been drinking the Kool-Aid?
The cool thing about knotweed is that in terms of taste and texture, it lies somewhere between rhubarb and asparagus. So you can use it in desserts in lieu of rhubarb, or in savoury dishes that call for asparagus. It has a delicious earthy tartness that is versatile and distinctive. You can find more recipes for japanese knotweed at punk domestics, a great site I've started following that is full of wicked recipes for cooking with wild edibles.
Time is a gift.
Cyndi Steele capped the day's testimony by taking the stand. While she stood by her husband, she did not present a sanitized, fairy-tale version of their marriage; she owned up to the bad patches. But she said they had successfully worked through the bad patch in 2000. Cyndi Steele testified today that she knew her husband was talking to European women online, but explained that the communication was part of his research into Russian mail order brides. She even knew Edgar told the women he wanted to have babies with them but said she didn't know he'd sent them pictures of their Talache Road home. The rest of Cyndi's testimony focused primarily upon the couple's past marriage problems; she's expected to continue testifying on Friday April 29th.
I ordered a six foot tall poster from the movie to use at the party and it arrived ahead of schedule. I cannot wait to share my plans for the post with you!!! But that is a post for another Titanic Tuesday!!
At two, you were dependent on me, But independence tookover when you turned three.
The craziest writing idea I've ever had is one I'm actually doing in Fae. I still can't believe I'm attempting it. I really wish I could tell you what it was! But alas, that would probably get me into trouble with my publisher. :o Just know that it's a pretty crazy attempt. I just hope I'm not a complete dummy for thinking I might be able to pull it off.
thankfully he likes a good project and he loves me and bonzo.
Compared to branches at SM Megamall, SM Mall of Asia and Trinoma, this branch was small and there weren't much choices, but I saw it as a good thing - less choices means people will just have to choose whatever is available.
I know you can't see the whole thing, but it says "Bon Appetit" and it's in my kitchen. I love how it turned out. So cool, right?
Vava Kitora, Spinning SongMinimalist instrumentation, angelic vocal interplay reminiscent of an Arvo Part composition, reverential tones of Liz Harris, etc. Music to die to.
Customer: "Just one red one."
Thank you, for the support, the outrage, the emails, the phone calls, the comments.
Did you originally imagine the scene to be such a crescendo of bile or did it just keep building upon itself?
One of the interesting aspects of early recovery from alcoholism is that the alcoholic can either be on a “pink cloud” where life is just wonderful (it doesn’t last, reality sets in) or the alternative where life is dark and horrible with a very bleak future (I will never love, laugh or have fun ever again). The thought of life without alcohol is almost too much to comprehend. Therefore, the very reason most recovering alcoholics “live one day at a time” is that almost anyone can handle 24 hours without a drink.
Without real data, however, forecasters are unable to provide accurate information on ash density and particle size, relying instead on weather patterns and computer modelling to give a rough approximation of conditions. And, with no clear guidance as to closure rules, the only significant difference between this year and last is that the weather conditions are more changeable, allowing more favourable estimates of ash dispersion to be made.
In fact, partly due to the problem of fitting swollen, size 3 legs into a size 1 skin, my pain levels have increased horribly.
and orders the gatekeeper to be on the watch.
the bottom line is, i have to find my own way. and it may be a bumpy road indeed. there may be stretches of silence. there may be work you'd find very odd. i don't even know myself.
1) Performance Physics
Who would have ever thought that I would be in the mental space that I am in when it comes to the girl turning 18. For months, if not years, I have anticipated this time when she will prepare to exit the traditional school setting of public education and enter into the world of adult services. I was eager to complete the often meaningless requirements, like world history, in favor of more purposeful opportunities. Eager to be done with the years of wondering if she is eating lunch alone. Just plain eager to be done.
Looks like Albertson’s loss is Fiesta’s gain. The Houston-based supermarket chain is opening a second Austin location in the former Albertson’s at IH-35 and Stassney this summer. Fiesta used to have a tiny location on South Lamar where the Alamo Drafthouse is, but they closed it down in 2003, leaving only the Delwood Plaza store at IH-35 and 38 1/2 St.
6. Scarlet Begonias, Grateful Dead
Self-discovery is a bitch sometimes, but perhaps, worth it.
A set of Victorian curtain rods. I'm going to try to put them in my studio. If they don't work, they may end up in my Etsy shop. I've always wanted some of these and the chippy white with the gold peeking through just called my name.
Old frames with snaps of my children at varying ages...
Manila – Bontoc – Sagada
So right now, I weigh options, like a wizened old shopkeeper carefully weighing out leaves of gold, trembling hands placing first one, then another in the pan, waiting for the trembling balance needle to hit "0."
“I paint because I am an artist. I'm inspired by where my life takes me every day and the people I meet and care about. I see the world differently, and feel passionately about aspects of the human condition. I hope that my paintings bring courage and humour to women seeking to express themselves freely, without censorship or oppression. I tend to use humour and colour as tools to mask inhibition and painful experiences, and to reflect pleasure, the joy of life, sexuality, relationships, and family life. My commissioned work often does the same for my collectors. The actual core of my work hinges on the human form. Drawing live models and reflecting real people, and myself, in the images of my work. Of course, if I could express myself in words as I can on canvas, I'd be a writer.”
1 Then spake Elisha unto the woman, whose son he had restored to life, saying, Arise, and go thou and thine household, and sojourn wheresoever thou canst sojourn: for the LORD hath called for a famine; and it shall also come upon the land seven years.
When will I see you again
Facebook fans are also encouraged to stop by the “Red Carpet Shop” on QVC’s Facebook page to watch insider videos and shop for products, including an exclusive item from the Kardashian sisters’ K-Dash Collection.
Paivi Anderson has it all—friends, a spot on the varsity basketball team, wonderful parents, and quite possibly, her first boyfriend. It was everything a freshman in high school could ask for. Her perfect life begins to crumble when she discovers her name on a list distributed by a power-hungry presidential candidate. How could anyone think of Paivi as an Enemy of the State? Could it be because of her special powers? No one was supposed to know about them, but the mysterious messages in her tater tots say otherwise. In INTO THE SHADOWS, Paivi quickly learns who her friends are and is forced into a reality she didn’t see coming.NEWSFLASH - "Into the Shadows" is currently available as a free ebook on Amazon - hurry while the offer lasts!
I’m not sure that this can really be described as a murder mystery novel but it is a book which I found hard to put down and impossible to ignore. I also learned quite a lot about maths!
Tell Me Why
The Creeping Sharia archives are full of this type of submission to Islam. A few examples:
102Her poniard, had oppos'd the dire command.
A Budget response from a cooking lager enthusiast.
We all know the benefits of hugging our children, but how many of us are hugging them to the fullest?
- Remove tea and place in glass container
And finally on the topic of autumn beers Founders will have a limited release autumn ale available on the taps around town at the start of next month.
Are you reading and interpreting the manuscript correctly? Everything on hand goes to rent and fees and internet (which Lela needs to work and so do I) and we’re left empty-handed for everything else we need this weekend: food (we have pancake and cornbread mix on hand but both are forbidden on my new doctor-restricted diet — I haven’t even told you about that latest news and what an imposition that causes but it beats a heart attack or stroke), surgical tape that I need to bandage my feet and lower legs, which are overrun with plaque psoriasis, laundry money, and two bucks to rent the vacuum to clean up my shed skin from the carpeting before we have a bacterial issue.
In blogger buzz they talked about the iLike gadget, and since I already have it on Facebook and like it, I decided I'd add a playlist to my blog as well! So you can now listen to clips of my favorite songs if you so wish. :-)
This year, the direct flights to Rome have been discontinued, but I’ve booked tickets through Pisa again for a three-week stay in June. The “middle” fortnight is to in an apartment in Umbria in a house belonging to a nice (hopefully) Australian couple, but the three days before and four days after are still undecided. I think Pisa city for the former, and maybe Lucca, maybe the coast for the latter. I’ll let you know.
It’s quite OK to insult female pensioners who are out shopping for a loaf of bread. It, too, will have no effect on your ability to get re-elected.
Plot: a girl gets put into a deep sleep so that impotent old men can look at her naked in bed!
Of course, Joshua did not became strong and courageous an instant. Just like Peter in the boat, he had to venture out and take a step forward, in spite of all that sounded in his mind.
The dusty journal in an attic,
Unfortunately, that number, in my opinion, is too low.
Among other things, Mr. Abdul-Jalil said Shariah would be the "basic source" of all legislation. Translation: Forget about representative democracy. Under Shariah, Allah - not man - makes the laws.
I caught myself shrinking away from her again and forced myself to straighten. Geez, I was twice her height, and even if she was smart enough to understand what I’d said back in maths, I was still arrogant enough to know I was smarter than her.
He still wakes up around 5:00 to nurse while we both sleep, and then when he wakes up anywhere between 7:00 and 8:00, he always wants to nurse first thing.
Throw in the pear chunks (you don’t have to peel them) and the almonds.
… thrift, as in buy stuff second-hand.
The most varied number of responses were given to the question about favorite tool or technique. While computer was first, camera, scissors, paint, and pens were tied for second. New school versus old school. Variety was also evident regarding inspiration. There were only 2 artists who were listed as an inspiration for more than one person: Andy Goldsworthy and Michelle Ward. And in addition to Michelle, other artists that were both particpants and listed as inspirations themselves included Judy Wilkenfeld, C.W. Slade, and Bridgette Guerzon Mills.
Apart from the ingredients, you will need a deep baking dish, similar to the one I used (see pictures). The dish has to be deep enough to hold the syrup. You will also need a classic tin grate for shaping and embossing your cookies. Use the rough, star-shaped grate to impress the pattern into the dough. Not only does this make the cookie look pretty, it also allows the syrup to soak into the cookie more thoroughly.
Happy Mother's Day text
It really took me off guard because although i had lost about 40 pounds, I gained more than half back. So in my mind, I gained weight, but to him, since he hadn't seen me, I'm still lower than i was before and that made me feel good. It was certainly a reminder of how far those compliments go to spur on additional weight loss.
We are still a very young company and have only really been in the market for less than a year. However, our artisans have definitely seen change in their lives since beginning to work with them. All of our artisans have a savings account now and have stopped living from day to day. Every one of them is able to feed their families and are not dependent on their husbands to live their lives. Many of the girls who used to do low-paying agricultural work have become skilled tailors and are learning new skills everyday. More importantly, their self-confidence levels have skyrocketed. When I first began work, most of the women were afraid to speak out loud. Now, the women are confident and proud of who they are. That is the most significant and life-long change. I cannot express the joy it brings me to see smiles on their faces, it is the most incredible feeling in the world.
fostering positive community relationships, and enabling people to realise their potential. Through creative methods the Trust addresses the causes of urban decay; youth disaffection and educational underachievement and supports young people by developing pathways into aspirational and sustainable employment.
“The janitor?”
Fort Myer, Va.
Yes, there are a few cliches. Nearly infinite reverb and occasionally sitar-like guitar lines abound but I never find them annoying, possibly due to the structure of the record.
The original loan was a subprime loan that was taken out around 2005. The subprime lender did not foreclose on the property. The home has been demolished by the city of Chicago and the lender is going after the loan. –Phil
I hate compositing, but knowing how to do it comes in handy. Look at my banner, for example. I wasn't about to actually take a photo of a bunch of photos being dropped into a take-out box that just happened to have my photo logo on the side. So I used masking and compositing to get the photo I wanted.
"Well I wouldn't worry about it. I'm sure you'll find a nice girl to marry when you get older. Of course she'll never be as good as me...."
Yep. English.
But instead the stimulus program was a massive failure, costing taxpayers in Michigan $61,229 to create a single job of dubious value using dubious numbers.
He turned away to look at a text and said “Oh shit, quick, pull the TV plug out the socket; my mate Kev says they’ve got the detector van driving round again…”
Mr Wight was also discussed during the testimony of Andrew Coulson, the former editor of the News of the World who was arrested this morning on suspicion of involvement in phone hacking. Mr Coulson confirmed that he had appointed Douglas Wight as a features editor at the National News of the World, possibly at the recomendation of Bob Bird the newspaper’s Scottish editor.
Corbett: maybe lots of lots of people
DON’T FEEL BAD IF YOU SKIP: “On Your Way”, “Boys & Girls”, “Rise To The Sun”
a mere speck of dust
For the base I've used pink bazzill, white, another layer of pink and some MME paper that I found in my stash. Across this I've used more pink, punched with a fiskars punch and topped with more MME and some white satin ribbon. I used the Beaded Ovals Spellbinders to cut a piece of white card and then I airbrushed some RV23 on it while it was still in the die. The stamp is Ballerina Marci by La La Land Crafts and has been stamped in Memento Tuxedo Black onto X-press It Blending Card and coloured with Copics (E000, E01, R20, RV21, RV23, RV000, BV000, BV00, G40, G82, E50, E51, E53, YR31, 0). I cut her out with scissors and popped it up on X-press It Foam Mounting Tape. To finish off I added a few Kaisercraft clear rhinestones to the top corners. You can find all sorts of inspiration in the La La Land Customer Gallery. :)
While the event has been well-covered in the past, it barely attracted attention this year. While one can certainly argue that exchanging Bibles for pornographic material is an attention-getter, there are certainly less controversial ways of sparking debate and discussion.
…followed shortly thereafter, in 381, by the Niceno-Constantinopolitan Creed (what the Book of Common Prayer and the Lutheran Book of Worshiphave listed as “the Nicene Creed”).
Anyone who's ever used a dorm cube knows there's not a lot of room in there. Once you add a six-pack and some leftover Chinese takeout, it's full. Also, my cube had no freezer compartment, so at first we wondered what we would do for ice (nothing -- we did without ice) and how we'd manage without a supply of ice cream and those handy frozen insta-meals (somehow we got by). It just took a bit of adjustment. Was it a hassle? Sometimes, but less often than one might think.
6 longer
Jeffrey
‘There! Don’t mind me. I know you have to be thorough.’
Hopped over to Arthur's Lounge where I was given a chance to tap my own pint of Guinness draught. I learned the secret to tap a pint of smooth and creamy top Guinness draught......Anyone wants to hire a bartender?.....lol!
Spellbinders Labels eight and then
Love Shuffle
Someone who is empathetic learns to give attention and a feeling of significance to the other.
Joy: A state of lasting happiness that comes from total obedience.
What is an Ouch Pouch? I've been making these for awhile but haven't ever put them into my shop. It's a little square pouch filled with rice that makes a nice alternative to an ice pack when your little one gets a boo boo. My son, Bobby, loves it. He always asks for it when he gets hurt. I keep two in the freezer at all times! It has also come in handy when Bobby has had a high fever.
Picking the right integrated amplifiers will make a dramatic musical difference in how properly your home theater and home music system will sound. It is the one of the most important gadgets for audiophiles right now. Getting an integrated amplifier is surely an inevitable process for every audiophile.
I would also like to take this opportunity to say that the Glide and double knit socks I purchased have definitely helped. My left foot is 100% blister free, it is my right foot (which has always been the issue) that is still acting up. Although I am still getting blisters they are not nearly as awful as they had been without the socks and the glide. So if you are looking for a blister fix I strongly recommend the socks and the glide.
Group Pre-tax profit declined 12 percent to USD 4.3 b which includes a revaluation of its own debt, acquisitions and other charges. The company plans to cut 30000 jobs by FY 13. (Bloomberg)
Wrap it up completely in the foil.
Land of the free, we have rights, we have choice, free speech, free will and all that jazz. Are you sure? Have you ever stepped back to look at the situation, take away the excuses for each issue/law/force and look at it as black and white as you can get?
The Surfrider Foundation is working with the Surf Coast Shire and the Great Ocean Road Coast Committee to support the ban.
I found a bag of Christmas ornaments that was a commixture of different types of decorations. But if one looked closely, there were quite a few vintage glass ornaments inside amongst the not so vintage, so not bad for a dollar.
