My thanks go out to the three intrepid souls who voted for this. Did you understand that you were voting to read a fictional story that I’d written centered around beer? I’ll admit, this was one of my personal favorites, though I viewed it with a bit of trepidation, since posting a fictional story centered around a beer theme would result in more work than was probably warranted given my literary acumen and the level of avid readership here at Beer Rant. What I had in mind was a serialized story centered round beer or brewing. More specifically, I’d actually begun the opening sections of a fictional story set in a post-apocalyptic United States (a’la Mad Max) wherein our hero sets out for the “forbidden zone” to find the last bastion of American brewing. (In this setting, beer has been outlawed and society’s high brow circles revel in “water sampling” parties.) Perhaps for fun, and so that the effort doesn’t go unused, I’ll post what I’ve got in the hopper so far.
Magistrates’ Courts Sentencing Guidelines (Page 161)
Let me dry mine.
Shocked, Ayshe clutched Gursel to her chest, starting to retreat out the door. After two steps, she turned around and walked back to the large desk, planted her feet firmly and forced him to look up.
My Man made an observation recently that really put the cat among the pigeons.
For those of you who prefer print books, I'm running a giveaway from today through April 22. I'll be picking two winners in a random drawing to receive handsome trade paperback copies of BOTH The Arm of the Stone and The Garden of the Stone.
Well that's it for me today, I shall be back soon with some more of my recent creations and believe me I have been rather busy in the crafting department.....lol!!!
Let’s just say hypothetically you’re spending all this time blogging and other people don’t know what the hell you’re doing. Here’s an acronym that will save you. Simply use it whenever involved in a conversation like this one:
the torrent, I say, of the pleasure of God,
He looks dressed for a funeral, but I guess he sort of is because after this interview I’ll be mourning the death of what little social life I had to begin with. If that’s what it takes to get Micah back, though, it’s more than worth it.
There is also a possibility that the investigation is being delayed due to factors pertaining to the microscopic comparisons of test-bullets with evidence-bullets. This aspect will be dealt with in PART 3.
Time for some overly sweet Mother’s Day cards!
"Go Sell Crazy Somewhere Else, This Mom Is All Stocked Up" (but that was stolen from a movie.)
Ethel looking very proud, with Kate at Willie's wedding in 1941, when she would be 49.
Wow. How sweet they are! There's no inkling whatsoever that I almost left them there, to be raised by the clueless photo girls! After they were an HOUR late showing up for work...and I of course had the first appointment, because I have a hyperactive child who hates a) waiting, b) dressing up, and c) having her picture taken! So, we got to agonize about it for a full hour, on top of the photo session taking forever, because, um, HYPERACTIVE, and then of course there's the viewing and the picking.
Overall though Decas is a great and very enjoyable released and as a celebration of As I Lay Dying’s centenary is a more than worthy way to mark it.
The other satin ribbon if from an unknown source
Latifah) and DIEGO (Denis Leary), worry over Peaches’ safety and race
‘Event horizon?’
The museum tweeted the pic and we had to share, because the colorful Porsche sitting outside the museum is our favorite picture of the day. Which is saying a lot. Because we, like you, having access to the Internet, see approximately 758 images by 9 a.m.
the car..
When it was clear that he still wasn’t sure how to react I said fine, here’s what I give you, as your parent, permission to do tomorrow. You can approach the teacher who told the jokes and say “My mom says that your telling those jokes apparently shows they are correct, since as a blond you clearly lack intelligence and awareness to know that sharing bullying stereotypes to a class full of impressionable middle school kids, which included several blonds, was wholly inappropriate.”
Nikon D90 is the successor of the hugely popular D80. When it was released it was the first DSLR that offered HD video capture. Although the competition got tougher over the time D90 is still one of the best cameras in its class.
I love summer in Norway. I really do.
This could be a cult favourite, because it's very enjoyable indeed. I've played it over and over with pleasure. Stone's elegant, dignified poise and Kynoch's lyrical playing make the best possible case for Havergal Brian piano song. There are also short works for solo piano and piano and violin (Jonathan Stone). The booklet is informative, with the high quality presentation that Stone Records is noted for. Havergal Brian could not have dreamed of anything as stylish as this.
She weighed in at 7 lbs, 9 oz (ha! where was my monster baby?!) and she was 21 inches long. Initially, breastfeeding went well, subsequently we've had difficulties latching, which have been resolved by pumping and supplementing with formula (making all three of us much, much happier and more relaxed). We are trying to catch up sleep - the hospital, lovely as it was, wasn't conducive to it, since I had to spend an extra 24 hours on mag in bed in L&D (which isn't really designed for that, tbh). My mom came in the day she was born, my in-laws visited soon after. We have some awesome pictures. She's absolutely delightful in every way, and we couldn't be more in love.
In case you're wondering, the kids are all still there - but they are no longer kids.
I had five hospice cases this weeks. That's a lot for me in one week and I am emotionally exhausted. I say a prayer before I meet with each family. I pray that I can hold it together, empathize appropriately, and assist them in one of the hardest decisions of their lives. It's a hard balance between caring and caring too much. Of course, I feel sad for these families, but I have to put up some sort of wall around my heart to keep my sanity. Ask any nurse or doctor and they would probably say the same thing. They care, but they can't care too much or they would burn out of the profession very quickly. Yes, I had five hospice cases, but to that family it was their first one. Possibly of their life.
There's not much style in Lettich's presentation of the story as well. All is pretty straight forward, as many action films are particularly from this era. Outside of a few cool camera angles, a decent foot chase that goes across the decks of docked boats, and little things like this, there's nothing really all that special about any of it. We are taken from point A to point B on a pretty straight path.
I love Valentine's Day. I love hearts. I decided to make some heart garland for Lily's room today. It turned out so cute! I was really pleased with how it turned out, so I thought I would share with y'all how I did it. Good idea? Good. Just in time for Valentine's Day!!
The hills, the rivers, the meadows and even the sky above you were the shelter of your people for countless generations. There was a familiarity in them that was almost primal. The very soil itself had been nurtured and stained with the blood, sweat and tears of your forbearers.
We hope you had a wonderful time with your loved ones this Christmas. There are hundreds of thousands of South African emigrants who were most likely far from family and friends. I can tell you from my own experience that this is something you never get used to. Not being able to see family and friends at a snap decision.
Dammit! I think I wasted $40 on that "Blogging for Beginners" adult education class. Two nights a week for four weeks and I can't even create a link.
“How tall is she?” I asked.
But join me in the ongoing torture by calling out the following bozos and their bozo-centric stuff they call "poster art".
As it was, when we finally worked our way up to trotting, as I would squeeze with my legs and push her forward, she would round up and come back to me in a way, as she shoved off and went into a trot. The reins would go slack a bit and I had no contact as we moved off and sped up. That was a little unsettling for me, but as we moved a few strides along, she started to stretch out and down. Then she would stop. No reason, just stopped. It took a while and we finally went around on an egg shaped circle and made it most of the way around before she would stop again. We were making progress though so I couldn't argue or complain.
Netflix succeeded in pummeling Blockbuster by re-inventing the movie rental category with an innovative business model, high customer satisfaction and a low cost service that was based on giving customers flexibility and not forcing them to adhere to policies designed to make the company lots of money.
Exercise: Use the “____ meets ____” format for the following books: “The Hunger Games,” “The Da Vinci Code,” “The Girl Who Kicked the Hornet’s Nest,” “Ender’s Game,” and “Holes.”
The first of our new guitarists is 21 year old Andy Midgley. He will take care of the rhythm parts but will also be blasting out some solos too! Behind the drum kit is Derby based sticks man Rich Smith, an extremely talented drummer, Rich has been a part of the UK metal scene for more than ten years.
I have recently returned from Bungwahl to my secret hovel on the outskirts of Gotham City, and I must say I’ve had much success. Whilst the filming of the propaganda video was not undertaken, some valuable data was gathered and resources acquired.
6. Using oven mitts turn the pan on its side and slip the loaf out onto the wire rack. Let the loaf cool for 15 minutes before serving. Makes 1 loaf.
Have you ever? ...
So I found this great Acer Aspire on there, that really wasn’t all that expensive. So i decided to bid on it… First mistake, because it took me bout 7 bids to get the other bidder off my back. The bidding fight stopped at the price of about 400 USD… I was happy, cuz if I waited for another 23 hours, that laptop was mine. So I went to bed… When i woke up, I recieved an email saying my bid was no longer the highest… Someone had bid EXACTLY 2 USD more than me… When I tried to bid over him, Ebay told me that the seller did not allow anymore bids…
(Where's the "cure" you ask? If that's the main reason you haven't been making jerky, well, come on down! I hate sodium nitrite. Imagine my surprise when at my Master Food Preserver Class, Barbara Ingham, Wisconsin's Extension food scientist and our teacher, said I didn't have to use it! There was a catch. Without cure in it, you will store it in the refrigerator. If you are going on a camping trip, etc., it will keep for 2 weeks out of the refrigerator, but not indefinitely. This more than covers me for a day long shopping trip, or Rick for a day of pheasant hunting.)
thOUGH the Light seem SMALL is truly an exceptional record. Why are your local appearances so infrequent?
Gospel: Matthew 13:54-58
1. Your passport is valid for at least six months. (This means that the passport is still valid for at least six months when you enter Taiwan rather than when the application is filed online) ; and
(Columbia) Starring the voices of Hugh Grant, Salma Hayek, Imelda Staunton, Martin Freeman, Jeremy Piven, David Tennant, Brian Blessed, Anton Yelchin, Brendan Gleeson. Directed by Peter Lord
SUBJECT: Kitten
So the fat man sits down an’ enjoys a treat
I had an awesome time in Korea this year, and spending time in gorgeous Jeju made this year’s trip even more special. I’d definitely recommend visiting Seoul and Jeju to anyone who’s even remotely interested. The culture, food, shopping and sights are simply amazing!
● the erection or extension of a building;
He'll ever be our inspiration,
As we move through life, our opinions and ideas change. Sometimes we unconsciously or mindlessly operate from an older belief system when really we have shifted. We want to respond in one way, but we surprise ourselves by habitually responding in a different way. What do you believe, in the here and now? The following exercise gives you a chance to see
He remained unaware of anything in the room except the siren walking toward him. Each steady, unhurried step she took further drew him in. His gaze feasted on the curve of her hip, the swell of her breast. Ethan rode the knife’s edge between lust and propriety.
For the second time now, I sewed an entire garment "in the flat." Does anyone else do this? What the heck do I mean? Well, the instructions for the pattern I used, Butterick 5976, would have you sew the side, back and shoulder seams, then attach the collar and facing, insert the zipper next, and then ease in the sleeves and hem them (those tiny little sleeves!) before hemming the dress bottom.
It was nearly midnight at that point, so we camped at the gypsy camp which, while not exactly safe, is still safer than the bridge is for Tistann. He seems to be persona non-grata with the followers of Rodcet Nife, a priest of which is in the bridge tower. He’s attacked me before.
In real life, if this teddy bear were actually sitting on the greenish patterned paper, then any light that hit the green paper would reflect back onto his fur, with a bit of a greenish tone to it. Lightly adding the G12 allows me to pull the bear into the background a bit more, and suggests reflected light from the paper.
Dear Mom, Dad and my second mom –
Simon Kurt Unsworth – Mami Wata
Googleing define yarn nets me this result:
UNFULFILLED PROMISES
His landmark is a kopje-crest
4.Dry Skin
UBS, Citigroup, ABN Amro, Barclays, Bank of New York Mellon, Credit Suisse, Goldman Sachs, HSBC, Lloyds, State Street, Wells Fargo, and finally Bank of America are all talking about massive lay offs. Bank of America may actually cut 10,000 jobs which would mean a 3.5% reduction of their work force. When the biggest financial institutions are opting to run skeleton crews we are in serious trouble. Most jobs in America are service jobs or financial jobs. I say we need a radical reduction in CEO compensation. If they really believe in their company they can take one for the team, and realize that the needs of the many outweigh the needs of the few.
I don't think I ever have actually... when it comes to product I'm sort of a "more is more" type of gal. Putting that aside, I am quite taken with Figs & Rouge's little wonder balms that do pretty much everything and smell amazing while they do it.
Q: What are the benefits to having Eyelash Extensions?
If you’re a “real” writer you sit down to write every day at the same time, without fail and you write for a few hours. This is the common wisdom. This is what we all must do if we’re to give ourselves the time to practice our craft. These are The Rules.
One of the absolutely most frustrating things I've experience over the last week has been feeling helpless and useless. My husband goes to work every day and does absolutely nothing. While some departments are being stretched to their limit (or beyond), others are being under utilized.
So how does a student recruit a college?
There goes the subjective weighting in again. Would I read it again--probably, did I enjoy it--yes! Did he write well? Let me just say, I could not wait for the villains to get their just deserts, the hero and heroine just had problem after problem....
Please know that I wish we could include every single story in the book, but the editors at Moody Publishers will be the ones to make final decisions about the essays. However, your story will still be featured on the Pearl Girls website as we roll out the book. Amy will also contact you about getting special permission to post your essay online. In order to make room for one more essay, I've decided to not include my essay, but rather write a forward to the book to share the purpose of the project. I am so grateful and humbled beyond words for your willingness to "tithe your talent" (a phrase coined by fellow Pearl Girl Patricia Crisafulli) in order to help other women and children. Thank you, thank you. God bless you!
This book should be illegal because it is full of food porn. The cookbook is country living, hot guys in chaps, children, and food, glorious food. And I mean GLORIOUS food. Her website is filled with stories and photos about life on the ranch and recipes, recipes, recipes!
Before you ask, no toads died in the making of my dinner (although a pig or two was not so lucky....).
The latest local offering from Old World Brewery, Eclipse Black IPA, is no exception to this trend. It isn’t hoppy in the traditional IPA sense but it’s plenty good and low enough in abv to serve as a decent session beer. I got wind of this release through Old World’s Facebook page and made a commitment to drop by as soon as possible in order not to miss it, along with another short run offering called, suggestively, “The Prick.” I had my opportunity a couple weeks before Thanksgiving.
Suicide is impossible.
Faced with the 2012 rules, Red Bull took the obvious route of a raised chassis and nose. The car now eschews the “V” shape nose and chassis, so the top of the chassis and nose are flat. With the rules forcing a 75mm step between these two surfaces, the airflow doesn’t want to run along the nose and then step up without separating from the chassis top.
As always, there will be a Festival of Poker that includes a full tournament program, cash games and STT’s.
On the up side, my daughter and her hubby just this week found a good last minute vacation deal for a week in Hawaii. So mid September during the 10 days Mr. Garden Muscle will be gone on a motorcycle trip to Colorado to the annual Fallen Firefighter ceremony I will be babysitting little Miss Dinah. It will be Girl Week at my house.
When I created this blog six years ago, I remember sitting with a blank mind in front of a blank screen. What do I write? What do I title my blog? How do I sum up what I have yet to write? Somehow, the phrase, “somewhere in-between” emerged from my hovering fingertips. Where it came from I still do not know. At the time, I had a sense that I was living a nomadic lifestyle, wandering without a map. I felt like I was somewhere in-between homes, and somewhere in-between a child and a parent.
1) The Palestinians can’t disguise their crimes as military actions. The Israelis can. We can’t say “the Israelis don’t kill civilians;” at most, we can say that the extent of IDF operations makes it impossible to ascertain if the civilians that they kill are intended murders or not. The recent case of an old man killed in his sleep by IDF forces provides an excellent example of a totally unnecessary and highly suspicious death in which the soldier who pulled the trigger is acquitted based on his own testimony.
i know this is nothing compared to all that cuteness you just took in...but i have been saying i would show some more recent pictures of the addition ;) it is coming along slow but steady....but the outside is finally getting CLOSE to being done! that was the goal anyway, and then we can work on the inside over the winter months.....
As I recall, I was having heart palpitations over the poem sent
The second verse in this passage is 1 Thessalonians 4:18. “Wherefore comfort one another with these words.” Why would we have to do that to fellow believers? Don’t they also have the indwelling Holy Spirit? Of course, but all too often, especially in times of distress, one is prone to think according to the flesh and not the Spirit.
Stamp -Studio G Journaling Lines
1/4 c. granulated sugar
There lies a tension here between Kochan’s perceived true self, and his actual true self, forming confusion with masks at the heart of it all. With a mask hiding his true self, and a mask expressing his true self, is it possible to clearly define which mask does the hiding, and which allows for expression? And if both his true self and his false self take the form of a mask, is either of them really his “true self?” The title, Confessions of a Mask, suggests nothing exists beneath the mask; the confessions are coming from the mask, not from the person beneath the mask. Can he be his “true self” without a mask? And going along with that question, does he despise the mask? Or does he desire it?
Every time I have an engagement with a large corporation, I always ask for the corporate data dictionary and 9 out of 10 times, they tell me they don’t have one. I fail to understand why a company with numerous databases do not have a single data dictionary that tells a definitive story of the business data that the company maintains and reports on.
Tossers –literally masturbaters. Means idiots.
7. Potty train Graham. I read somewhere that cloth diapered kiddos are more receptive to, and on average, are potty trained 1 year earlier. Am crossing my fingers that all of our extra stinky laundry loads were not in vain. This afternoon he woke up from his nap repeating "no potty chair, no potty chair." Clearly, we're off to a great start! Advice!?
2006 Mid-Season NBA Breakdown of the Sacramento Kings
If Peter had such an honoured position why did the Lord have to put him in his place in Matthew 16:25 when addressing him. The Lord said,
stand ... rather like someone going to the block in the
—Showers with Beetles
All this fact checking has got me hungry. Can someone recommend a good pizza?
My experience has been that all dogs are smarter than I am, and they always know when I am packing treats and when I am not, and they are obedient when a treat is forthcoming and they may or may not be obedient otherwise, depending on their mood.
You might want to join !
And you know I like to throw in some before pictures to make myself feel like
Why is it that the gluten-free market is one of the fastest growing packaged food sectors right now?
And all the energy behind “pro-life”
resulting from the discovery of active volcanism on Io.
not because of the mission,
And on the king my father’s death before him.
Player sanctions are to come.
up is
2) Going to the pet store and watching the chameleons change color.
I'll remind you that my loving DH paid £6.95 (nearly $11) for a teensy little rooted cutting which looked like this:
Goodbye, Jill. I'll never forget.
From the steps of the porch they had quite a ball,
HOSTED BY: – The Nature Conservancy – REI – Harrah’s Reno
So the next few years of Albert Pujols will give the Angels more value than any other player in the league possibly could. Unfortunately, the contract is not for five or six years, it is for 10 years and $254 million.
A person in a higher state of consciousness is expected to know everything. But while the mind and the consciousness possess the ability to know everything, do they really need to know everything? “All knowing” simply means being conscious of the essence of all you know. In this state, both knowledge and ignorance co-exist and complement each other. For instance, while playing a game, it is not knowing the result beforehand that makes the game sincere and fun. If one knew the result even while playing, the players (and the game) would lose their intensity.
I think they decided that until he moves from El Paso, he needs to be on a preventative inhaler of some sorts. Steroids. Not fun for a baby.
7. Visit a place that makes you sleepy. Even if it’s the middle of the night, find a place that normally makes you drowsy, such as your cubicle at work or the pew you sit in at church. If you start to feel sleep settle in, take advantage and sleep where ever you find yourself!
Inside the palace, Cesare startles his mother, who naturally didn’t expect him. She asks him what he’s doing there and he says he’s imagining terrible things, like poison and murder. He asks after Lucrezia and says that if anything happened to her, he’d die.
If you are interested in the national private midwifery scene, or trying to locate a midwife outside Victoria, please go to the APMA blog.
If the inspection and everything else that goes along with selling a place goes smoothly, the closing date will be December 20th and the building of my new place will happen some time after that!
Article 109
That's it, three chances to win. Good luck!
So, I will leave you all to your chilblained fingers tapping on warm computer keys, and I will brave the elements. But don’t expect me to tell you what I learn. My winter is not your winter. We each have to describe the winter that only we can experience, otherwise there is no reason to describe it at all.
It needs some editing work. I’m not quite satisfied with the meter of it yet, but the theme is good.
Meanwhile, I have been assured the people who will be hauling my things to yet another location will be here on the 1st. So, I started to arrange things, throw things away, perform the beginnings of what has now become an art form for me. But, then I get the call. It turns out the individual who is moving my things has been suddenly informed he needs to go out of town for two weeks and is now trying to fit me in before he leaves. So, he`s going to squeeze me in on the 27th. A couple of hours later I am told “let`s make it the 28th.“ As it now stands, I am moving on the 26th, which means in two days. But, we haven`t gotten to the time yet and that just might be my final hour.
Her son was served with a civil claim – a “warrant in debt” from the county for $397 dollars – almost seven months after paying $190 in fines and court costs for his reckless driving.
And like that, she was off, driving hellzapopping toward her house in Bexley.
“They say women’s progress is being undermined…and a” religious ”inspired government that is increasingly embracing the conservative values…”
Serve immediately. The chips get soggy so if you want to make this ahead of time, don’t add the Doritos until right before serving.
Please note this list is not meant to be exhaustive. If you think of anything not covered here, feel free to file it immediately under the "Unacceptable" heading and move along. If you are still unsure about whether to broach a subject with Darth Vader, simply ask yourself, "Do I really want the extremely angry, murderous Dark magic-wielding cyborg to pay any kind of particular attention to me?"
I'm not going to go into details, because obviously, sex is a sacred commitment between two married people, but I will say that Day Four was hard, and I don't mean that in the Hard-Hard way, if you know what I mean. I mean that well, you know, I didn't want to wait till it was too late because I am tired, he is tired, so it's one of those sneak-away-when-he-gets-home things. Day Four was challenging hard.
2 pounds kirby cucumbers, sliced 1/4-inch thick
GBBF Organiser."
Either way, it’s a good story. Enjoy.
woman who has honorary degrees from several Jesuit universities.
6. Rosalee is a former addict and her brother, who helped her overcome her addiction, was dealing. I didn’t think it was plausible but I guess Freddy needed income.
Guess what? The plans have been submitted for a 12 room establishment with only 5 rooms having a shower and loo and the other 7 rooms sharing facilities. Not exactly ‘high end’ or ’boutique-style’ in my book…..
2 tsp coarse salt
The talents of Michael Barry has earned him time in a WWE ring in the past while his charisma and hard work is the reason so many fans call him MR Saturday Night.
It was a lovely surprise to be joined by Father Leon Pereira O.P., who had decided to come to the vigil having been inspired by the great pro-life witness of Father Michael Williams, a young pro-life priest who died last week. Requiescat in pace.
people with serious debt problems. Here's why.
"Slept all morning then had a nap in the afternoon. Going for meal out later"
I left New York in June, seeking purpose, and more creative opportunities, to find a real relationship with a man, to drive my car and get my stuff out of storage. I like to imagine I am better now. I no longer dwell on the events of the day, try not to conjure up the pictures etched on the back of my closed eyelids, for when I do, I remember that I have only a fragile grasp on control, and even that is held together by the tenuous threads of my logical mind. My irrational mind still wants to let go and fall. I still want to peel my grasping fingers loose and let my soul take flight. I still want to scream, I want to hit and hurt. I want to scratch my fingers down something soft and yielding, I want to bite down HARD and feel the blood spurt in my throat as something gives in my teeth. I have this caged animal inside of me that is clawing to escape and it is a struggle to keep it quiet. Ice, I tell myself. I am ice, Ice is hard and cold. Ice feels no pain, nor sorrow or anger or fear. Ice needs no fire to survive, and indeed, maybe my internal fire needs to be doused so I will feel less sad, less anger, fear no more, and the bruises of loneliness will heal.
2) My “spot.” I’ve been going to the same Barnes & Noble café for the last five years. My novel was born there and so was this blog, along with countless other writing projects. In particular, I have a favorite table that lets me observe the door, the café, and the book floor. It’s a great spot for people watching when I need a character in a pinch. I’ve made some great friends among the employees and the regulars, which makes this place a true second home. Not to mention, they make great coffee!
So why am I posting all of these touchy-feely ramblings today? I feel like I need to give back. If I can give at least one person the hope and encouragement that they, too, can run, bike, swim, or ___________(insert challenge here), then I have done my job.
6. Jabberjaw: (First aired 1976, ran until 1978) As part of the overall shark mania of the 1970s and shortly after the then-recent film Jaws, Hanna-Barbara Inc. released Jabberjaw--a Saturday morning animated series about a 15-foot talking great white shark. Jabberjaw was the drummer for a rock group made up of four teenagers who all lived in an underwater civilization in the year 2076. As Jabberjaw and his rock band buddies traveled to different underwater cities, they would encounter and attempt to conquer diabolic villains with plans to take over the undersea world. The format and writing for Jabberjaw was similar to that for Scooby-Doo and Josie and Pussycats, but for a time when people were scared out their minds of sharks, you've got to admit it was pretty cool to create one that was heroic and loveable.
7. Quartz
A year ago today God surprised us with the most precious blessing we could have ever hoped for.
I’m fairly candid on here even when I probably shouldn’t be. I’m usually okay with that until I have to actually face the people who read what I write and the potentially judgement therein. I debated posting this, but fatigue has made me reckless. I guess I’ll do damage control as necessary. *shrug*
This interchange between the stable type and our fluid history is key. Our personality profile defines a mode of life in the face of changing events, and our development as a person has everything to do with how we do or do not manage to adapt those patterns to those events. Since those events manifest most clearly in our shadow function, we can talk about the way those functions both have a history and remain stable.
(response by R__)
(The poll is to the left of Margaret Wente’s article, about half way down)
You said once, that you love Germany best? Why is that? Is it because we are not puking on the dancefloor only?
I’m not a stereotype,
Jessica's hesitation earned her a little respect from David.
So I mentioned that I was having trouble with an indie company. Unfortunately nothing has been fixed yet and there's nothing I can really do about it. The company in question is Hi Fi cosmetics. I've reviewed them in the past and absolutely love their products and the owner, Veronica, was always really nice and helpful so I'm really saddened to have to write this.
We’re rugby-mad but not in a good way (page 7)
Waist: 39" (down 0.5"from last week)
So, finally the unanswered question of succession to Mubarak. Although he hadn't officially announced yet, Hosni's son Gamal seemed a likely candidate to take over the reigns. Posters advocating a Gamal Mubarak presidency were already plastered all over downtown Alexandria. So at least they could keep it all in the family, you know, like the best dictators do.
You and your administration have achieved what we thought was impossible in such a short time: you have actually increased misery and sadness inside the state, even as you’ve turned Bengal into the laughing stock of the rest of India. If, under the Left Front, the rest of India used to pity us and snigger at us, now the country is just laughing at us, belly-laughter mixed with open contempt.
One peanut who ‘didn’t thunk it’ was Mark Marangoni, an 18 year old from Melbourne’s, outer west who hosted a quiet gathering for about 300 knuckle-draggers who all became severely offended when residents called police. A barrage of rocks, bricks and bottles were hurled at police and, when the dust settled and four cave-dwellers were arrested, a few interesting facts emerged.
It is my take — for whatever that’s worth — that the kind of ads being run by the Romney Campaign and by the PACs supporting his candidacy are effective when viewed by 65-70% of likely voters. Here’s just one more.
*Why apple slices? Because apples and cheese are another FANTASTIC combo!
I received an invite to an adoption support group at a local church. The event was for families who've adopted, foster to adopt parents, or those in the process of adoption. Another teacher and I decided we would go last week. Although yesterday, I wanted to change my mind. I didn't want to go. But then, sitting in church today, I felt that God was calling me to attend. He wanted me there. So, we went. The gathering was an Easter Egg hunt, combined with an animal entertainer, and a flag raising in front of the church, to honor the country where their most recent adoption came from. My teacher friend and I saw some parents we knew and immediately were introduced to some new faces. We watched in awe the many beautiful faces of children from around the world. We had the opportunity to listen to testimonies of so many successful and unsuccessful adoptions, foster situations. The families were very supportive and open about their journeys. One thing was clear, it was all worth it. They'd do it all over again. I appreciated their honesty and letting us know, adoption and waiting is not an easy thing. God's message was clear though. He's with us, he has been all along. It reminded me of the Footprints story. http://llerrah.com/footprints.htm I believe God's purpose for me being there was another way of saying, "Hang in there, you will be blessed beyond imagination, if you continue to believe." So we are praying for the many other couples and families out there who are continuing to wait and having a difficult time. God be with you.
I am way more passionate about football this year than in the past- like feeling depressed the next day after the game when we don't win.
Tomorrow, I'll read my cards again. Tomorrow, I'll knit something or plant something or rearrange the furniture. I'll make a plan. Right now, I'd like to walk some old places I've already been to times that no longer exist.
My boys got the S'mores cupcake and the Milk Chocolate. I got the Chocolate Marshmallow cupcake for myself and the Black & White and Red Velvet cupcakes as gifts! I really can't recommend a certain flavor because they were ALL good!!
On New Year's Day, I opened the drawer of my bed stand. There was my journal, and Annie's, but Henry's was absent. I gave my room a cursory rummage to no avail. My husband consoled me, saying it's bound to show up somewhere. Still, days later, I have not found it. It's absence is nagging at me. Multiple times a day I open my bed stand drawers, hopeful that by some miracle the journal will be there, found. I've entertained the idea of searching for it in the strangest places - like the big blue garbage cans in the garage - uncertain if these impressions are the product of inspiration or complete lunacy.
The calendar says it is Fall which brings with it cooler, crisper weather. The leaves change colors and we put away the short sleeves and bring out the sweaters...in theory. Unfortunately, Houston is still in the stranglehold of Summer and we will be wearing tank tops and flip flops for the foreseeable future. Regardless of the temperatures, Fall is a time of changes and we in the Banker house are not impervious.
Today, in Vietnamese class, we started doing some stuff with food. We each had a menu and pretended to be ordering food and drinks from imaginary waitresses. It was then that I realised for the past two weeks when I’ve been trying to order “sinh tố thơm” I’ve been pronouncing it “sinh tố tôm.” That simple pronunciation difference, which I still can’t hear, is the difference between ordering a pineapple smoothie to ordering a shrimp smoothie, literally. I’m glad that no one has made me a shrimp smoothie. That would have been nasty.
I am so honored to be recognized for my work and am inspired now to enter more competitions and to work even harder at my photography.
More egregiously, New York 1 reported that project opponents Develop Don't Destroy Brooklyn were "arguing that the plans have actually ballooned over the last two years."
What would we find in your refrigerator right now? Jen responded, “I always imagined how it would be to eat music. So if that was possible, I’d probably keep it in my ‘refrigerator of life’, eat it and never be full up.”
In doing so, they have learned another unintended fact. They know that millions of other people share their commitment to various ideals and causes. They now know they are not alone. They understand they have strength in numbers.
Taylor (Tonje and Kelly´s daughter and a great playmate to Aidan)
… Eyes following the spot light at first saw nothing, nothing but a bar hanging, swaying slightly as if it were an abondandond swing blowing in the wind. As th confused wispers broke the silence out of nowhere a shimmering pink flash jolted to the bar. Swinging,flipping, turning, posing; relfecing the light with an otherworldly glow, the figure had transfixed the onlookers. The eyes traced the sparkle through the air, following he path, admiring her presision. She did not falter or fail; she was an eagle at prey, diving through the air and clasping her tallons around the bar. Only to swing back into effortless grace of a dove freed from containment. Entranced by the beauty above their heads and petrified with fear that a single sound might dare shatter whatever pneonome that kept the sparkle afloat, no one dared to speak . Many wouldn’t be able find the right words to do justice, had they tried. She floated on a cirlclar hoop, slowly spun, allowing the on lookers a long look upon her perfectly slender yet daringly curvious body, before blowing a single kiss and diving into the darkness below , taking the breath of the onlookers with her …
I took them home and started the process of breaking them in to get them ready for Boston. I went on some short runs and eventually used them for my Sunday long runs. My feet sounded like they were plopping on the ground, like I had huge clown shoes on. My feet didn’t feel great, but I figured it was just because they were new.
starting with the perimeter and spun
good morning. how are you? do you have crafty plans this weekend? i am going to try to finish up some projects but i am also going to take some mommy time for my babes. before i go out to play with them in the sunshine, i wanted to share my project this week over at the MME blog.
“It’s strange, Ma,” said Praymar to Lanna, “but something about this seems familiar to me, but I don’t know why… it’s as though I saw all of this happening in a dream long ago.”
Worked like a charm. Karin said it was incredible how much better her neck and shoulders felt.
I was probably nine or ten when I got the idea that beards developed gradually out of uncut sideburns and consequently refused to let my sideburns be trimmed for several consecutive haircuts. The barber teased me about Elvis. Other people wondered if I was trying to look like Spock. In different clothing and with a little curl, I would have looked more like a young Hasid. At some point, I figured out that no new hairs were about to start growing under my sideburns and stopped.
we are attaching the hop order so you are able to SPRING right on through
Oh! Canada, We Stand On Guard For Thee
There is some sort of sorcery involved in flan. The caramelized sugar that you line the moulds with, and that immediately turns solid, somehow turns into liquid caramel gold when you serve the flan. I don't know why - I think you have to have an in with the Mexican gods to get the real answers.
2006 – Two cubs born late 2006; Ingwelala male and sibling (possibly Voel Dam female – no positive ID)
"Memory is the greatest curse ever inflicted on mankind," drama critic Jed Leland (Joseph Cotten) says at one point in the film and this line in many ways reflects what made this movie such a breakthrough. Citizen Kane explores a sort of existential mystery, attempting to encapsulate one man's life by deciphering the meaning of his dying word. Welles proved a wonder in his film debut, playing the title character, producing, directing and co-writing the movie — all at the tender age of 25.
Items from the Lefferts collection span centuries of history, from when the Lefferts family first settled in Flatbush in 1660. The family came to own large tracts of property, not only in Brooklyn, but in Queens County, Staten Island and New Jersey as well.
Would I want everything in my house to operate in the most complicated possible manner? Do I want to live in a world where molehills are intentionally turned into mountains? Oh heavens no. Can you imagine trying to navigate your daily obligations while at the mercy of a crank and fifty gears for each task? Perish the thought! We don't have time for everything we do to be about the journey, rather than the destination. Everything cannot, and should not, be complicated like this wonderful winecork puller-outer.
Do not live beyond your means. This takes time and a change in attitude to accomplish. The rise of consumer credit in the past few years has made it far too easy to buy items without being able to pay, and the bills are coming due. Spend some significant time studying your finances, and set a realistic budget to which you can stick.
26 - A conclusion is the place where you got tired of thinking.
14. Black is beautiful (alternate version instrumental)
I made this in the Sugarcreekforge build along and was very happy with it. For those of you who do not know of the sugarcreekforge build along it was a youtube event where we all learned how to make our first knife out of files and hand tools. My knife was made out of 1095 and Kyley's is made out of O1 tool steel with a more sophisticated heat treat to
Stay because there’s nothing else you’d rather do.
Along the way, I have found these two books (Yoga for Women by Karin Bjorkegren and Yoga for Your Life by Margaret and Martin Pierce) to be useful for well executed postures/poses, detailed explanations and insightful tips on breath, movement and additional wholesome health thoughts. Let’s face it, we cannot always sneak away to practice in a studio, but we can find at least 30 minutes at home to move, breath, stretch and be. We owe it to ourselves to live fully. And even if you are a runner, a swimmer, or a CrossFit junkie, yoga might be the calming oasis or peaceful centering addition to your exercise regime (and bonus points, practicing yoga offers an amazing workout).
What difference does the weather make you ask? Well, for me, it means my children spend all day hosing each other off to keep cool and I'm constantly picking up wet, dirty, molding clothes out of the back yard. If you come around my house between May and September, you're likely to get flashed by a streaking child. Don't say I didn't warn you...
38. Only The Strong Survive- Jerry Butler
Corporate sponsorship of large non record company affiliated releases available free at the point of download competing on even terms with a wildly abundant and creative panoply of niche, alternative self-employed suppliers making high value artisanal products.
The body was quite heavy and left you in no doubt that you were drinking a beer with a certain gravitas. There was an initial blast of moderate ginger bitterness on the tongue which followed through in the aftertaste. However, the aggressive expected ginger assault never materialised. I was rather left with the impression that this was a 6% beer that just happened to have ginger added.
Now for the inside....
When Danny asked me if I’d be available to take a few photos, the smile froze on my face.
Stein, who was Jewish, supported the puppet Vichy regime in France in the Second World War through her friend, historian and Nazi collaborator Bernard Fay. The Metropolitan Museum of Art recently agreed to update an exhibition of Stein's work with a reference to her Nazi connections.
Good morning! I was so busy posting my December Memories album last month that I didn't get a chance to share a couple more projects for Emma's Paperie. All of the designers created a project using amazing transparencies and rub-ons by Hambly Studios. And this "Very Merry" layout is what I came up with for my project. I created the color scheme based on the colors in the girls' Christmas dresses. And I actually got a little technique happy and made "snow globes" with the transparencies. For a complete supply list, please visit the Emma's Paperie blog here.
My fear for Hodgson is that once England are knocked out (not good enough to win the tournament) is that he will have a whole load of abuse thrown at him from the fans and press, that he does not deserve.
1/04 - 05: 300 Follistim/4 Menopur
Clocks always grab my attention, and these clock faces, shared by eleven-o-one were no exception. What's so terrific about these faces though, is that they were crafted with old cd's and some clock face images. They were made for a women's retreat whose theme was, "For Such a Time as This". Sounds like a wonderful retreat, that was fabulously decorated.
Walking further and further, the body is starting to feel the distance.
Her June 10, 1950 obit in the New York Times was short and to the point: Dora Lillie Mahler was the "devoted daughter of Tillie and the late Meyer Mahler, dear sister of Henrietta Burk; David Mahler; Sarah Smith; Morris Mahler; Ida Volk; and Mary Markell." I wish I knew more about great-aunt Dora.
In the few years I have lived on this planet; in what the pious claim: my physical form, for the greater part of my being is of a metaphysical nature, I have come to question this idea of culture we have grown within our midst. Maybe I don’t speak for all of the islands of the Philippines, for within the various niches, individual identities differing from the monotony may exist, however, as I continue to reside in my own area, I take it as it comes.
Sandy, Sylvia, and Wren have decided that this memorial will be the last My World post. My World was Klaus's baby, and to continue without him doesn't seem right. We will continue to remember and to miss him even as we know he can never be replaced.
In our case it’s muddled
5. Bus 29 (Oberg, Fredriksz) 3:34
CD 5: Start stimming
“I guess, but it’s not my concern.”
"This is not about deceiving just a man in the street. It is about deceiving the Conference of Rulers and the agong.
I have spent hours working on a plan that will cover all of our living expenses, pay off our debt, and allow us to purchase a home by the end of 2014. Two and a half years of living as we are will allow us much more in the end. I’m utilizing a snowball method to payoff our debts, less our student loans which we will maintain for the continued boost to our credit.
The Lord God says to you, My flock: I am going to judge between one sheep and another, between the rams and male goats. Isn’t it enough for you to feed on the good pasture? Must you also trample the rest of the pasture with your feet? Or isn’t it enough that you drink the clear water? Must you also muddy the rest with your feet? Yet My flock has to feed on what your feet have trampled, and drink what your feet have muddied. (Ezekiel 34:17-19)
Enter Miss Gracie. She was diagnosed with a medical condition shortly after the McGunigles brought her home and was placed on a steroid, Prednisone. She has since made a full recovery and has already made a name for herself in New York area competitions.
Contact MileagePlus by mail or phone
Knowing The laws
didn't save any to try that way. You notice I say sorta and
33 Dance, Dance, Dance
But it was such a fun weekend, and I went to one of their baby showers, and found out a different roommate is pregnant, and two roommates are going to Europe this summer, and one is moving to Michigan, and the other possibly to Kansas....
a few years ago i was smitten with a new obsession: family genealogy exploration. my wonderful maternal grandma had planted the seed with her amazing years of extensive family history research. i think it's such a fascinating field.
Overall Height: 13"
AMAZING CUSTOMER SERVICE
In the meantime, a good friend of mine who is, surprisingly, from outside our SN Community, sent me a link to this article, called Aeir Talk Gives A Father’s Autistic Kids A Voice. The App for Communication looks very promising, and when I get some time I intend to download it and give it a shot.
Maybe she was right, I thought to myself…. and what did I have to lose?
What am I missing?
In addition to this special anniversary CD bundle, HSN will also offer an exclusive, limited-edition, Gibson Epiphone guitar with a commemorative 25th anniversary, hand-signed Randy Travis plaque…”a perfect gift for Father’s Day,” according to HSN.
Being a mother can be so challenging at times. My 11 year old daughter and 12 year old son have there own personal war going on, that no one else seems to get. It starts in the morning before school, after school and continues on until someone or both ends up going to bed early. They have a very difficult time being in the same room with one another without picking at one another, instigating arguments, or doing something intentionally to make the other one angry.
My wife and I went to have an ultrasound yesterday and found out that we are expecting triplets. We already have a 2 year old daughter and the thought of adding 3 more and doubling our family was a bit overwhelming. Not to mention the fact that the doctor doing the ultrasound was incredibly negative. He put on the doomsday cap and started telling us everything that could go wrong and that we should consider a selective reduction around week 10-12 mark.
Can't really do a certified review of this one. It did taste fantastic, but it wasn't exactly carbonated yet. Kinda weird since it's been bottled almost a week longer then my lager. I poured a 22 oz bomber and split that for both Kevin and I. You could see the start of carbonation, but it clearly needs to sit another week. Actually, after tasting it, we feel that it tasted pretty green and that it could use about a month to sit and mellow. It was very complex. The great thing about it is, the woodiness of the maple sap really came through. It almost tasted like it had been aged in oak barrels to me. Also very present was the aroma of coffee. I'll update a better review once it's sat for another month and has had time to fully carbonate and to mellow a bit.
(One of Layton's last poems, found in Box 31 of the Layton collection at Concordia University in Montreal. A
OH FUCKING HELL, SERIOUSLY??
I mean, obviously it'll never replace press advertising or anything! That would be fucking disastrous! But it's really becoming quite prominent all across the globally digitised interconnected world we all live in today, the future, now, tomorrow.
We’ve covered first names, we’ve covered surnames, how about first names + surnames oddness? Never had any problems registering my actual full name for email addresses or usernames.This is because it’s never taken, because I am the only Olivia Bellas. Of course. Remember – rare.
Don't trust the pull
I'm getting to know the products!
1. Sharp Dressed Man 4:43
I used a Swarovski flat-backed crystal as the focal then bead embroidered around it. The fringe off the bottom also features Swarovski crystals and a Swarovski tear drop. They look stunning in person and my mom is thrilled with them not looking like "old lady" earrings. PLUS they are super lightweight, so her ears won't get a headache from carrying around anything too heavy!
Hoot Suite is a must have for any business owner. Social media has integrated itself into our everyday life, and it’s not going anywhere anytime soon. Social media can be just as influential as brick-and-mortar stores in shaping public opinion. So HootSuite has made it easy to stay on top of your social media updates.
When visitors came over, they would hang up their bacon to show off.
“Let us take a look at the facility first.” said Ethan.
WHAT ELSE THE PANEL SAID :
No, but I did have coconut iced tea! Coconut! Yum! The best flavor on earth!
The Brother machine is $250 while the Janome is $450. The Brother machine has 90 built in stitches, including monograms, while the Janome only has 50. I can't say I will definitely use all the built in stitches but the capability to monogram could be pretty awesome. However, the Janome is available from the trusted local repair shop I took my baby to, while the Brother would have to be order online from someone. I did briefly play around with the Janome at the repair shop and though it was pretty standard machine that will work wonderfully but at almost twice the cost of the Brother it is hard justify. Although my Janome serger is a trooper. I have had it for 6-7 years and have (wince) never had it serviced or oiled and it still runs wonderfully, just a little nosier. Does anyone have experience with either of these machines and/or brands that they can help me decide?
boots — Antonio Melani (thrifted)
As we walked in the door, the ranch owner Don extended his hand and introduced himself. He described his products in detail for us. They sell dry aged beef with no hormones or antibiotics directly from their own ranch.
I take a spray bottle of homemade wipe solution, a few prestuffed pocket diapers, a small grovia wet bag (which holds about 4-6 diapers), a small bag with plenty of cloth wipes, and a changing mat in my diaper bag whenever we go out. I place everything dirty in the wet bag, pull the draw string tight, place it in the diaper bag and it works really well for us. We don't have issues with bad smells and I prefer to use cloth on the go even though it means more to carry around, because with cloth, we don't have messy blowouts that end up on his clothes. It actually saves me more time. .
For the next few weeks, therefore, I have a cleaner and a chauffeur. This ought to where I find a comfortable chaise longue and hire a bronzed grape-peeling attendant.
Grungeboard letters
...buy a decent bottle of wine and down it with a stellar friend if having a fat day. It's cheaper than therapy, cleaner than colonic irrigation and unlike a shotgun, you don't need a licence.
By the way, the tugboat shown most completely in the 4th foto is the 1943 46.5′ Linda G. I don’t know where she was built. Pegasus is 96′ and 1907-built in Baltimore. The goslings, hatch of 2012, were about 4″ long.
This kept me off the mat for a class or two. My doctor didn’t find anything on the x-rays and put me on crutches. Meanwhile, I sat on the sidelines during class itching to be back on the mat. I couldn’t take it and started thinking of ways to practice. There are techniques in seated positions that we learned. If we could do some, why couldn’t I do all of the techniques we learned in seated positions? I had to adapt to a physical limitation. I got back on the mat and fellow aikidoka willing to work with my own limitations happily partnered with me and our sensei helped me make adjustments as needed.
”Shuddup, I said! They'z get what they'z want (gesturing toward prisoners) and we'z gonna get the shipment we wantz, see? That's all you need to think about, ya dumb bastards,” barked the blond man.
I'm also entering this at:
In many ways, the Ozarks world of Winter’s Bone harbors a way of life that seems to have changed little since the Great Depression. Oh sure, the cars and clothes are newer, and the local underground industry has switched from moonshine to crystal meth. But the mentality feels mostly the same- fierce territoriality, a strained-at-best relationship to the Law, and tenuous blood ties that only hold up to the point where they stop being useful. It’s a pocket of America that feels like a distant planet compared to the contemporary suburban sprawl, to say nothing of the big city, and it’s the kind of place where those who hail from elsewhere thank the heavens that they weren’t born, and where those who were born there rarely manage to escape.
I reach my cave and in I go
Ginger root helps with chest congestion. Other useful herbs include cardamom, eucalyptus, spearmint, rosemary, sweet Annie, nutmeg, lavender, bee balm, peppermint, tansy, mallows, and mullein.
Scott, you also wanted me to offer you some general writing advice on a few topics, and for you I think the best thing would be to start at the beginning of this blog and work your way forward, since I've covered pretty much every topic under the sun right now - if you get to the end and find that you've got more specific questions that haven't been answered, please do email me again.
Take a look at the events of the past few weeks.
Wow, powerful. God has certainly taught you what struggles and triumphs look like and its wonderful to know you have walked through to the other side and found God’s goodness.
Price Wars Are Informing U . s . Get pleasure from Cheap Car Insurance Price ranges This Thirty days!
The Book of Lost Fragrances fuses history, passion, and suspense, moving from Cleopatra’s Egypt and the terrors of revolutionary France to Tibet’s battle with China and the glamour of modern-day Paris. Jac’s quest for the ancient perfume someone is willing to kill for becomes the key to understanding her own troubled past.
--why it’s tough to win eminent domain challenges in New York state and how it might change (short answer: structural bias in favor of condemnors, but a spotlight on bad practices has emerged)
After my beautiful child was born, Fabio did not cope at all. I suppose that once he saw this baby shit got real. He came to the conclusion that he couldn’t be the father and off we went on the rigmarole of DNA tests so my son could have his Father’s name on his birth certificate. It was a little stressful and my respect for him waned big time but hey – what can you do? You can’t force someone to be a man and face up to their responsibilities. They can only do it when they are ready.
Had a fabulous day yesterday – a nice blend of work and fun. I love it when I’m exhausted at the end of the day and maaaan, did I pass out. Got some work for Lucy done and went for a long drive up A1A. Delray Beach is having the Delray Affair (big arts and crafts and food show), which means everyone and their brother is downtown. Which means I will be nowhere near downtown. I went once. That was enough for the next 10 years.
Professionals and intellectuals – in practice this included almost everyone with an education, or even people speaking english or wearing glasses (which, according to the regime, meant that they were literate).
It was on this web site that I came across marketing professor Rajendra Sisodia (who has his MBA in Marketing from the Bajaj Institute of Management in Mumbai, India and a PhD in Marketing from Columbia University), who believes that traditional marketing is going away. He argues that companies that perform well in today’s business landscape may not even spend any money on marketing at all.
Fascinated by collections me, it is a peculiar and in many cases an almost irrational pursuit.
As we drove up, it was neat to have the state capitol right in front of our eyes! David wanted us to swing in but we weren't sure if they just let anyone in, plus I'm sure Jon would rather wait for a republican to be running the joint first.
Musically it sounds like a mix of Uriah heep '72 and early Beggars Opera.
Gregory: but what about Congress - after all
I am the child that is misunderstood.
2-4pm, Granta Bar, ground floor, University Centre, Granta Place, off Mill Lane. The bar is no longer serving, but we collect drinks from the Cafe on the top floor and use the bar space.
When you realize where you come from,
A recent study by California’s Research and Policy Center concluded that even residential solar in California could reach grid parity by 2015. This is because the falling price of solar panels and the increasing number of installers means that competition has driven down the cost per watt, to an estimated $5.25 per watt installed by 2015.
After the “big break” itself was over, I wasn’t the same person. I had the same interests, but I no longer feel that I can take the Ph.D path. And thus I feel like my life is a failure.
Yet again we see the familiar pattern; an immigrant from an alien country abusing the hospitality of Australians by using his position to abuse a vulnerable member of their society.
(San Remo, Italy) — For the first time in my life, I have had the opportunity to visit the Italian city of San Remo which played an historic role in the prophetic rebirth of the modern Jewish State of Israel.
To dance and make merry and steal the unwary!
As an inspirational speaker and business coach I get the wonderful opportunity to work and interact with many entrepreneurs and small business owners across the country. I am energized as I connect with people who are pursuing their dreams of personal economic empowerment. Even if their business is not where they desire it to be when we initially meet, hope gleams in their eyes and they have the expectation of a bright future.
c) a national currency puts an halt to any territorial doubts
They blinded her and she flinched away, afraid of the bright light that drowned out the world. The man released her hand and was behind her in an instant. Her handbag dropped to the floor and she tried to blink away the white spots in her vision and they multiplied.
FG: Again, I think you need to see the pictures of Rodes online then see the one of me as Rodes. Looking just like your real life character, I have to admit, made it a little easier, but on the other hand, it provided a lot of pressure because after visiting his burial site in Lynchburg, Virginia, I felt like I had a lot to be accountable for—to try to deliver a resemblance of this man, not only in looks, but character, integrity, the whole ball of wax. I read as much as I could. I visited the actual battle grounds, walked the grounds of VMI, and I even talked to him, or tried to, a few times asking for his help. I know that sounds strange but I did! Every time I put on the uniform I would say, “Ok Robert Rodes, let’s do this together”.
I’ve been doing interval training for a little while and had got to the point where I could run for half the time i allotted myself and walk the rest, so I decided to get on the distance goal. 5km.
Unlockables:
The controller c4 will be disabled. The entries for paths on controller c4
I know that's actually Peg on Vancouver Island but I was short on space. Anyway, congratulations! Email me your address Peg and chose your mug from that original picture. Remember Pablo got the most red one.
When we become a resource for accurate information our children are able to turn to us for cues as to what might be an appropriate behavior in a new situation. When we are involved in our children's lives we have a better idea of what situations are appropriate for our children and how we can support them so they can enjoy a new experience. When we remain connected with our children in any situation we are aware of what is going on with and around our children which enables us to offer positive support or information as it is needed. When we make our relationship with our children the most important priority in our life we get to have more fun as we explore the world together.
Well, no use in spilling all them beans.
MLA: What harm does this do?
B4 Coup De Grace Aufziehen
Place in glass casserole.
In a large mixing bowl, whip the butter and cream cheese together with a hand-held electric mixer. Gradually beat in the confectioners' sugar until it is all combined and smooth. Beat in the orange zest and juice. Spread over brownies.
We all have our reasons for not going after what we really want. "The timing isn't right," we might say to ourselves, or "I'm just waiting for XYZ to happen," or "Everything needs to be perfect." The list goes on and on...
Finding that bridge between the two, and helping them work together brings you closer to your fully functioning self.
by Ariane Marder
- Responsive - NOT SURE
Latinos United for Change (Latinos Unidos para Cambio) is a grassroots community organization in the Illinois rural heartland seeking to bring about progressive, people centered change. The mission of the organization is to empower Latinos and new immigrants to become full partners in the local, state and national dialogue on justice issues that affect their future. Resulting from a process of issue identification, direct action and reflection the current organizing issues include: comprehensive immigration reform, passage of a Illinois “Dream Act”, protecting undocumented worker rights, and stopping the pipeline from expulsion to prison for school age Latinos.
I got so much shit about being friends with him from my mom and other people that I stopped talking to him. He tried to talk to me many times but I had decided that I cared what other people thought about my choices. By the time I realized shutting him out was wrong, he was done talking to me. He got deep into heavy drugs. A few months later he tried to get in contact with me and I ignored him. Three days later he died. I have blamed myself ever since. No one ever said it was my fault, of course. They tell me that he was crazy about me and that I was good for him. His mother loves me and always buys me presents while I am always feeling like I should tell her how sorry I am.
From some Ravaillac and a bit of Nonotte
a) Local Council Elections at Quorum of 66.6% in each district.
Real estate investing would not live without charm and respect.
"I am just too much." ~Bette Davis
with Christmas dinner and bought all M&S food
You might be a little irritated and uncomfortable with the way your life appears today, and want more changes.
I'm not half the man I used to be, (awkward, cause I'm ALL WOMAN)
as they really look or wait maybe
Mitch commanded to Rob that if, they ever saw Leslie again, she would be his forever. So when the boys went to separate Universities there were no reasons for Rob to tell Mitch he had found Leslie. She had undergone a transformation for the worse. Rob knew his love could save her from the evils of her new life, so they married and he gave her a daughter, Lisa.
Pretty soon we'll be doing Back to School planning. Can I say how much I'm looking forward to the kids going back to school! It will be so nice to not be policing computer time and organizing sleep overs.
After discovering "no one" at any of my doors and turning on porch lights and flood lights......I did become a bit concerned. I figured it was a prank, but there is always a little doubt in your mind that maybe something more sinister is at work. I called my grandson. I asked him if he had been here, by any chance....just clowning around. He said no, why? I told him. He became concerned. Within minutes he and his friends were here checking out my yard and then they retreated to an area where they could watch and sat there for about a half hour, just watching. Nothing was amiss and they didn't even see any gangs of kids. My grandson is grown and his friends are BIG. I was glad they had my back.
i am writing to you and i feel as if there is so much to tell you. I am hoping you are well and that you are catching moments of quiet happiness. as i write you i feel exhausted but the good kind, the kind that has your heart full. it has been a strange road the positive things have have left the bad behind. honestly i feel as if the clouds opened up and dropped pixie dust on me ( i have never written pixie dust before) but it is true. the kind acts that have come my way as of late are beyond my imagination. aran has replaced my broken computer with one of her own and when i received it , i kept saying is this really happening ( aran, thank you). then finding out that another gift is on it's way. i am overwhelmed and find myself wanting to invite the whole world to sit under that magical cloud.
i love my parents.
Nadine tweeted last night, saying; “A few weeks ago Jason and i broke up. We are great friends and decided we are better this way. Im in NYC working & I love all your support.x”
Even if I don’t contest there, if Umno … you see we have 19,000 or 20,000 Umno members in Jerantut. If every Umno member votes for a BN candidate, there’s no way Jerantut will lose to the Opposition.
“Wasn’t the other bloke accused?”
Most of us never expected to see the day that Liberal Democrats would be sitting round the cabinet table, or putting Liberal Democrat policies into practice, such as taking the poor out of tax, helping disadvantaged schools, setting up an environmental bank, installing fixed term parliaments, protecting the
Hey there ~ I'm back today with a few more pages from my Alaska Project & I sure hope your not getting sick of these pages because I haven't even gotten to the cruise portion of our trip! Today I've got lots of "bits and pieces" to show you. The reason I'm calling it that is because I used bits and pieces of journaling blocks, tags, stickers and stamped images on these pages. Once again I've used the Simple Stories Destination kit along with stamps by Unity, Hero Arts, and Technique Tuesday.
If I can find enough of the original actors, there is the possibility of recreating an entire episode of DOOMWATCH and producing a totally new unofficial soundtrack. So if you are lucky enough to know any of the original actors that could be contacted for any of the missing episodes of DOOMWATCH (listed on this site, (a lot of which ,also featured in DOCTOR WHO), and are willing to supply just a few lines of dialogue, then please give us a shout on the Doomwatch Facebook page.
Here’s a sample code snippet that demonstrates the use of private key retrieved from the key store for signing:
Within a few moments, the technician had declared the pregnancy to be early enough to undergo a medical abortion. She handed Tori a towel to wipe the gel off her stomach. She was led to the large armchair where she was told she would be injected with the chemical that would stop the pregnancy from growing. Nadine showed her the three tablets she had to take in three days in order to expel the tissue. She wiped her bicep with some alcohol and then stuck her syringe in the vial with the Methotrexate, lifted it up and drew out the contents.
I was in line at US customs on my way to New York City yesterday (I’m presenting today in the Big Apple on crowdsourcing) and this cute older French lady in front of me was asking her friend all sorts of questions about the customs process. It was obvious that she had never been through the grind that is customs before.
**Wanna know more about Boss Tweed and the Tweed Ring? Tune in on Friday!
cropped polo neck sweaters
My friend Zelma is one of the most amazing watercolor artists I know. Her sense of color is clear and true, and she has this incredible way of doing detail without overworking the painting. I absolutely love her work -- go see for yourself, and I guarantee you will love it, too.
On Saturday the Bulldogs host UNC-Greensboro, which is 2-14 and only has one D-1 victory, that over winless Towson. The Spartans are on their second coach of the campaign, as longtime boss Mike Dement resigned in December. It was inevitable, especially after UNCG’s 22-point loss to North Carolina A&T two weeks before.
So, this is what is on my sleek, shiny, new refrigerator. I’ve only been here since October, and my kitchen now feels like me.
If you want to know more, then you need to read more. But do you?
all dressed up ,you all feel so fake
Moderation is something humans don’t do well without divine intervention. Over-indulgence is something we more easily gravitate towards. Fortunately there is hope for us. I believe capitalism can be redeemed by those with a Biblical worldview and a willingness to do business God’s way.
As for the cast, Jennifer Lawrence owns Katniss. She’s prickly, devoted to her family, and hellbent on survival. She gives Katniss a rich emotional life without saying a single word. Her rapport and chemistry with Willow Shields, who plays a delicate, startled Prim, and Amandla Stenberg, who plays a quiet, trusting Rue, are absolutely brilliant. Josh Hutcherson’s Peeta is seemingly earnest and adaptable, while Liam Hemsworth’s briefly seen Gale is dependable and good-natured. (Two things—one, holy crow, the Hemsworth men are ridiculously attractive, and two, my audience cracked up pretty much every time we cut from the Games to Gale watching at home.) The Capitol adults are fascinating, especially Seneca Crane. The film spends some time on the actual production of the Games, as overseen by Seneca, and to see him take pride in well-crafted murder games is a special kind of horror. I should also mention Lenny Kravitz as a low-key Cinna, who, just as in the book, remains the one man who connects the deepest with Katniss, and Donald Sutherland as a calm President Snow. As we barely see in the novel, I can’t compare. And last, but certainly not least, is Stanley Tucci’s Caesar Flickerman. To quote Cleolinda Jones (…yeah, my review is essentially a “ditto” of hers), “[he] manages just the right combination of complicit, outrageous, compassionate, fake and sincere.” It’s truly an incredible amount of talent and hard work on display here, which, to be totally honest, I never expected out of an adaptation of this novel. Well done, everyone, well done.
I’m not one for dwelling on the past. I’m not one for regret. But I do believe in learning from the past, reflecting on our experience, and I understand how unresolved issues from the past can exert a powerful influence on us all in the present. Feelings of hurt and loss, of abandonment or rejection can create deep emotional and behavioural patterns based on harmful beliefs around low self-worth that I often see manifesting in anger and depression. They can also give rise to forms of self-abuse and addiction – consuming excessive amounts of food or alcohol and other drugs to change the way we feel, or to stop feeling altogether.
Resurface, supple and strong as ever.
At certain levels there are new things you can do. You can unlock the talent panel, the dungeon finder, mounts, as well as the continents of Outland and Northrend.
Here was my submission (even though I can already see things I'd like to change!):
I've really come to appreciate Monday in the last two weeks. I usually work on Tuesday and Wednesday, have pre-school co-op on Thursday and then the weekend starts! Sunday has become a "work day"...so by Monday I'm thrilled to relax, clean-up, spend time with the kids and re-charge for the week ahead.
Asked Kelly.
This is a marvelous thing for which I am ever thankful.
Thank you for stopping by and taking a look! I hope your inspired to purchase this lovely kit if you have not already!
Then again, I think we got that from all the fighting so I’m not sure we needed the narration. What we really didn’t need is the sudden starting and stopping of laughter–we get it, he’s crazy. That bit really broke the movie for me. It was the first crack that made sure nothing else in the movie would be tense because I didn’t care about this guy anymore. I just wanted him to stop.
The question is not whether we will be extremists, but what kind of extremists we will be. The nation and the world are in dire need of creative extremists.
Capt. Vincent Brunton, 43, New York, N.Y.
Patterned Paper - Kraft (The Paper Studio), Colored (Recollections), White (American Crafts)
every time sydney saw concert advertisements on nickjr., she screamed.
And one dreamed us.
2. SEC - 5.67
And then last night I got on Facebook and the LiG group, looking for photos and shared memories and more fun. I found those things. But I also found regrets and complaints and reports about even more unfortunate events that had taken place. I got rather depressed.
I just wanted to remind ya about my flower tute that's coming up really soon at the Flying Unicorn. It will be on December the 17th, but why wait till then? There some amazing tutes going on right now go check'em out! Hope to see ya there! Goodnight all and God bless!
For deep-cleaning wood, Guardsman Wood Cleaner and Wood Polish (2 different bottles), retailers nationwide: A smart duo to protect and shine wood furniture: The foaming cleaner removes build-up; the polish, well, polishes.
The Verdict: I must say, I have never been so satiated. The rich flavor of the mildly hot sauce and the crunchiness of the the chicken were like fireworks playing in your mouth. I kid you not when I say; you haven’t tasted chicken if you haven’t tasted Manang’s Chicken.
Denise J. #48! Denise sweet and shabby baby card just stole my heart this week! The soft pink, vanilla and kraft color palette along with the buttons, baby onesie and all the love put into this handmade from the heart card was breathtaking ... well done, Denise! Thanks so much for sharing your talents with us all in the Tea Room this week :)
Well honey I'm getting hungry, so will close this, and dig something up to eat before hitting the hay. I can hear Ed out in the kitchen, munching away, so I will start an investigation. So long.
I ventured
Dandy Warhols Every day should be a holiday US
(Each dog mush have the latest vaccination record upon registration)
RAINBOW TROUT ROE – $28 / 1oz
Dirty Dog once supported the Bernie Torme Band at the Marquee. Cliff Cresswell noted that Bernie Torme had quite a bad stutter, but it didn't seem to affect him once on stage. There's certainly nothing stuttering about this fine muso-punk 45.
The Spirit clearly says that in later times some will abandon the faith and follow deceiving spirits and things taught by demons.
Tammy’s bucket list:
"But the dishes!"
Fast forward to December 28, 2011 and I've been reading up on all of the recent ISKCON ( International Society for Krishna Consciousness) related news. Two or three times a year I'll check out the numerous web / blog sites and try and get a feel for the current issues that they are dealing with.The whole modern Hare Krishna movement was begun single handily by a 69 year old Indian reunciate preacher In a small Second Ave. N.Y.C. storefront in 1966. It slowly splintered apart almost from the day the founder of ISKCON, A.C.Bhaktivedanta Prabhupada, died in November of 1977. Before passing away he named eleven senior devotees to be in charge, but all too quickly there were various power struggles and conflicts that still haven't been totally resolved as of today. The late 1970's, and into the 1980's sadly had numerous cases of young children being sexually molested in the movement's school system, and many of the original eleven handpicked disciples that formed the Governing Body Commission (GBC) had either quit (" fell down" ), died, or been forced to resign over various sex, drugs, and money issues. ISKCON today is very vibrant in its native India, and has had varying degrees of success in finding new devotees in Eastern Europe, Africa and Asia. The U.S. temples have gradually changed from a proselytizing emphasis based on distributing Prabhupad's books, to one of retrenchment that now largely caters to the local Indian communities that are their major support group. The counter - culture in 1966 was ready to throw off all of the "Establishments" views including having a career focused life, with traditional Christian values and rituals. More than a few people decided to tune in, turn on, and drop out. But it wasn't all drugs that they were turning on to.
Due to a series of unfortunate events—including her unwillingness to divulge her true identity, the evil Lady Beatrix's machinations, and because it makes for a more interesting story—Rowena is forced to live as a slave in the household. She becomes the personal property of Warrick, a stern and cold master. While serving him at the table, her thoughts are rebellious.
*HSN Arcade hosts 25 games, including the exclusive Today’s Special Jigsaw Puzzle, Lights! Camera! Subtraction! (featuring HSN’s celebrities), Crossword Puzzles, Word Search, Mahjongg, Dimensions, Sudoku, Treasure Hunt, BlackJack and more.
We celebrated #2's birthday Sunday after #3 and the Man of the House got home from
Lamentations of the Flame Princess
04 My Kingdom
Tough, bleak, and deeply atmospheric; Rhys wrests a gripping—even phantasmagoric—narrative from the solitary perambulations of an alcoholic woman in Paris.
L: lol, and why is that?
"And how can we win,
So, I wanted to create an extra special, vintage and over the top girlie card to send off to her to help express my sincere gratitude for her generosity and kindness! Words don't seem to be 'enough' to convey how much this simple gesture touched my heart! I guess I'm a bit emotional these days with the impending surgery so close. I don't know why ... I seem to cry at the drop of a hat these days ... I know the surgery is 'best', but I'm having a hard time coming to terms with the emotional side of everything. I'm 47 ... our family is more than complete and we don't want any additional children ... my hubby assures me that he'll still look at me the same way ... my emotions are raw and really close to the surface :(
This film left many questions unanswered about what had happened to cause a loving father in a 'perfect' family to smash the wife he had always adored over the head with the blunt end of an axe. Most unfortunately the eldest son, Henry, who was 16 at the time, witnessed the immediate aftermath of this atrocious act and has been trying to live with the impact of it ever since, including protecting his little brother who was then just ten.
The last few days have seen me finish my first tutorial! It uses the gorgeous Season of Joy stamp set from Stampin' Up! This was one of the first sets I brought and I still love it! The great thing is a few of the stamps in this set can be used all year round - so not just for Christmas! I've included a couple of bonus ideas with the tutorial to show just that! :)
PLEASE DON'T DRINK AND DRIVE
I think that applies, but now that I'm a grown-up, I don't have anyone to warn me.
OH and did I mention that the pokus end is roughly a K sizewise and without an expandus alongus spell, it's roughly 9 3/4 inches of hooky magic.
A deceptive map
Wings--5507-T, 5527-T
What an old grump I am! At least I got dressed.
Then, clutching a pint glass containing a local cider brew, we sidled into the main theatre for one of the main highlights of the Festival... Onto the stage came not only our poet laureate, clad in a flowing grey top, but a musician by the name of John Sampson who proceeded to floor us with his playing of penny whistles, recorders of all sorts, crump horns and goat horns, at one point donning a Mozart wig. Oh he was so clever. Acted with his eyes and had everyone in stitches. Or he had us on the verge of tears... as he accompanied CAD in her reading of some of her poems. She in turn accompanied us on a journey through the gamut of emotion – we laughed at her observations, and we nodded in understanding and in awe, and we cried. At least I did – when she finished with a poem about her mother. But they were good tears!
These sisters didn’t hide their confusion and hurt and Jesus didn’t rebuke them for confronting Him. In this case, Jesus quickly answered their questions. He called Lazarus up from the tomb and displayed His power over life and death. He asked a question in return ,“Did I not tell you that if you believe, you will see the glory of God?” (John 11:40, NIV).
I tend not to make New Year's resolutions because I have goals that I set for myself all year long. But this year I did announce 2 goals that I intend to seriously tackle: writing and publishing my cookbook and finally reaching my weight loss goal of weighing exactly half of what I used to weigh.
1 10 oz. package frozen spinach, defrosted and drained
This will be only the second meeting all-time between the Hoyas and the Longhorns, who last met during the 1971-72 season, a 78-70 GU loss.
Chris Dee
Schenck’s been dead now for almost a century. What happened to him was a grave miscarriage of justice, and I’m appalled that he hasn't been honored as a folk hero, a poster boy for the First Amendment. It doesn’t really matter whether fighting WWI was the right thing to do or not. He wasn’t distributing false information. He wasn’t giving away national secrets. He was expressing an opinion, and it’s astounding that a nation that prides itself on being the “land of the free” locked him up for doing that.
Nicole Farhi Charlotte brogues, Brown Thomas €360
World Vision now has 40,000 staff members in nearly 100 countries. That’s more staff members than CARE, Save the Children and the worldwide operations of the United States Agency for International Development — combined.
but we ate them, just the same.
The initial ache and pain has seemed to dull slightly. Some days it is a very deafening pain, while others it's quite transparent. I am beginning to get a grasp on what 'living' without her really is. Now we have moved past the 'coping' and moved into the surviving. We have embarked upon a new journey down a different path. I always take a rest along the way, close my eyes and try to imagine how differently our journey would have been. I miss her terribly and that is something that has never dulled. That, I'm sure, it never will.
How does Paul’s belief perform against our criteria? Let’s take a look.
I believed in better days, where we were all tight-knit like we used to be. Mom would light the candles in the bathroom that proliferated through the house, making each room smell like Vanilla Cinnamon or Cucumber Melon. And we’d open the doors, and the Indian summers would come along and breeze through the hallways, past the photos my mother took from her trips to Arizona and the Midwest, trying to find the reddest of rocks and the border where the thunder strikes the day-scorched ground.
By month’s end, I’ll have the revised medieval novel, mentioned above. I’ll also have full control back over MEGAN&LIAM. So, I’ll finish all revisions to M&L, and then publish it to Smashwords, and re-publish the revised version to Amazon.
In another study in England that analyzed more than 10,000 vegetarians and meat eaters, researchers concluded there was a direct relationship between the amount of meat consumed and the chances of getting heart disease.
David Allen Green’s blog analysis deserves a post of its own:
How big an issue is it, really? My guess is I'll catch more flack for my description of the proper way to drink a mint julep.
Back home, it's been a mad mixture of trying to open up a new shop with a thousand African setbacks, running the chaotic current shop with same setbacks, lack of internet at home, and too much tennis and now soccer to watch on TV. Due to all of the above, I have really cut back on personal time online. I also made a decision to deactivate my Facebook account about 3 months ago, which has been a rather strange experience, having been on it since 2007. Now, we have a temporary connection back at home, and due to the internet drought, I now feel the need to go online and try to read every post written on all my favourite blogs for the last month!
“The noise I heard made me weak in the knees. I went to see what it was. I thought it was an airplane that had crashed, or an earthquake,” resident Jose Valdir Mendes said.
The NCAA later said the umpire’s ruling was in error. A substitute could have run the bases and Sara would’ve been awarded a home run.
I have an interesting, and often annoying, work schedule. I work at least one weekend day each week and the day alternates every month. So in March, for example, I work each Sunday, which leaves me all the Saturdays to show my horse. Next month, I work Saturday, which means we don't get to show unless I can find a show that's held on Sunday. A lot of the shows I want to go to are on days I have to work and only being able to show every other month is a bummer...
There is no way to describe her other than that she was very "Boulder." Anyone who lives in the Pacific Northwest probably knows what I'm talking about here. She was... I don't know... new-agy. Nothing she said, in particular, but I got the yoga-Whole-Foods-vegan-align-your-chakras vibe almost immediately (and yes, I realize the irony of that statement).
Wednesday, 5/23: Cheesesteak “hash” and vegetables
This month we did battle with comic book adaptations and we won. Especially me! Blamo! Pow! I did my requisite eight reviews, and I passed a difficult professional certification (that included math) all in one month. Now that’s superheroic. To me.
I've had this blog for a couple of years I think, but haven't been actively posting until about the last year. It has been a lot of fun for me and serves as something of a journal. I've really enjoyed it! Now I am coming up on my 100th post which seems like a good time to do my FIRST giveaway! I don't have anything purchased yet, but hope to have something to show you by the end of the weekend. You can count on it being fabric-y! Just leave me a comment on this post and your name will be thrown in the drawing! Oh, how fun!! I'm really excited about this! Hope you spread the word too!
Olshan AF, Baird PA, Tschenke K. Paternal occupational exposures and the risk of Down syndrome. Am J Hum Genet 1989; 44: 646-651.
Tip: Powdered mustard can also be added. Gives a lovely aroma.
or stolen or destroyed at one point we all have had
I doubt that.
The Good: This fifth grade battle of the sexes plays out in October 1962, against the backdrop of Cuban Missile Crisis. Wittlinger lets the reader connect their own dots about the motivations and fears of the various kids and parents. For example, Patsy. Patsy adores her father, but he prefers spending quality time with his son, Patsy's younger brother. Patsy loves her father, is interested in what he is interested he, but he cannot see how a girl would be interested in mechanics and airplanes. Patsy never says that the reason she is driven to best the boys in the challenge is to prove something to herself and her father. Juliet never connects those dots, either. Instead, Wittlinger respects the reader, letting them make this connection.
This is such a great product. I've been using this nearly every time I put on make-up, either in its lonesome, or as a base under a different blush/bronzer. I have a small collection of creme blushes from MAC, but I rarely used them because, although I loved the colours, I just did not like the formula. The formula to this particular creme blush from MAC is so smooth and light weight (gel-like), imparts lots of pigmentation that is buildable and doubles as a lip product!
Today's event featured Tomahawk Tassels, a beautiful woman in tongue-in-cheek Native American garb. (She did a whole schpiel before she modeled about her choice of costume...she's actually quite savvy and smart--pointed out the irony of it all, etc.)
Kave fills each truffle with either dense Callebaut ganache or handmade perzipan, a lighter, fluffier version of marzipan (the ganache centers rule). Flavors are both straightforward and unusual, with fruits dominating: pomegranate, raspberry, mango and banana truffles fill the display case. But there are options for those whose palates favor spicy, savory or nutty. The popular Frida truffle, for instance, combines Mexican cinnamon, espresso and Kahlua, and the Zydeco is a medley of chili jams and confits, infused tequila and sea salt. Each truffle is then delicately topped with a sliver of whatever lies inside.
5. Spread the pesto on the top of the meat loaf.
It is now very important that every thought, word and deed comes from the highest integrity within. A leader must be willing to walk the talk so it will be obvious that you are such a One.
The problem with the analogy… which actually isn’t that bad of an analogy, it is just being mis-used… is that the ratio of sales for, and importance of, traditional physical retailers today isn’t anything like the complete lack of significance that horse travel represents today.
WHAT: Relief goods drop-off/Relief goods repacking/Monetary donations
Brouwerij Bavik Petrus Gouden Tripel
What's on the cupcakes are what requested by customer herself. What she wanted is what every other fathers would looooveee to have as well: (lotsa) money, gold bars and cars (in this case: Toyota Camry and Toyota Celica).
In College I was 30lbs heavier than what I weigh now- sad but when I delivered Sterling I was pretty darn close to what I weighed in College! I was a girl that liked to booze and eat way too much! At Chick Fila in college I would order a sandwich and nuggets as my meal- way too much food. Then I would drink copious amounts of booze at fraternity parties and I ballooned quickly! Funny thing is I never thought I was overweight til after college. I slowly lost the weight post college and promised myself I will never weigh that again. Now I weigh myself almost everyday. I don't believe in not using a scale and "feeling my body". I need to see numbers and I find by checking frequently my weight never gets out of control. I have a target weight I never want to get above so if I am higher one day I just cut back and chug lots of water and exercise to get back on track.
All Net Proceeds to Benefit Morgellons Research
As we walked, the wind picked up and I put my hood on. It reminded me that Trayvon Martin was also wearing a hoodie when he was murdered last week. I tried to imagine what was running through his head as he walked to the store for his Skittles and iced tea. Was he thinking about homework, what subjects he liked to learn and what subjects bored him to tears? Was he thinking about or what he was going to have for dinner, hoping that his mother would make him his favorite meal? Was he thinking of his girlfriend, excited and uncertain like every other teenager in love?
I'm not gonna lie. My kid makes me laugh. Sometimes cry, but mostly laugh.
561410 Document preparation services
Bosses the biggest bludgers
So that's it for my gratitude journal. In a small way it has helped me clarify what is wonderful about my life and in turn what I need to appreciate more. Hope your life is full of good things too,
To my shock and horror, Annika suddenly knocked on Kuya’s door, then she ran away, leaving me behind. Kuya opened the door, and he saw me standing there. Bakit ka kumakatok? he said, irritated. I was like, hindi ako yon, si Annika! Si Annika! Unconvinced, he closed the door. He became more and more unconvinced as this thing kept happening again and again— Annika knocking on the door, Annika running away, and Kuya finding me outside his door with the same I-didn’t-do-it defense.
my mom bought me the happiness project by gretchen rubin for christmas and i immediately dove in. for some reason i feel the need to disclaim: i'm a very happy person. i'm rarely sad, never depressed. i find joy in the simplest things like a cozy blanket, cilantro and opening my sunroof in january. however i do believe that i can be happier. happier in my home, my work, my marriage, myself...life is short so why not make the very best of every day?
A Moroccan immigrant in Spain has been sabotaging his employer’s exports by concealing broken glass in shipments of lettuce. Many thanks to our Spanish correspondent Hermes for translating this article from Diario de Avisos:
Number of cards towards the set: 268/1500 (17.67%)
just having fun and had been
This is what I had to start with- see below:( o, yes, I did have a cup of tea as well )..
And there may or may not be some hectic warbling happening in the upcoming Gilbert & Sullivan production of Trial By Jury in the deliciously restored Dunolly Court House....
26-30
Chris: You’re going to tell my wife that I said she has a vagina?
After lunch, I was taken to the roof and thrown off with a box full of my belongings.
8.rehabilitated
Hugs to you all.
Supertramp Logical song UK
Today, where Sinhalese Buddhist monks rallied the hatred of 2000 Sinhalese Buddhists against the faith of another, I find myself unable to falter.
Even if you take good care of your health and have a relatively safe job, depending on your recreational activities, the insurance company may or may not agree to insure you. For example, skiing, surfing, skydiving, scuba diving, base-jumping, snowboarding and rock climbing are just a handful of the activities that an insurance company may frown upon.
Given that SXSW attracts people with good ideas and real optimism, more isn’t necessarily worse. It’s simply tougher to navigate through the noise. (Yes, there’s an analogy to the internet here.)
Clogs: Target
The first week was fantastic. I prepared Cajun fish, corned beef and cabbage with Irish soda bread (for my Irish descended friends along with my family), fish and chips, London broil, butter chicken, chicken parmesan, tuna casserole, hamburgers, and my mother's fried chicken (which is unbelievable). I may have missed a couple, but you get the idea.
Where is the “religion of peace”? Saudi Arabia scrambled luxury jets to Guantanamo Bay prison earlier this year to bring 9/11 Islamo terrorists “home” to heroes welcomes and “rehabilitation” in luxury resorts, goodness knows the Saudis have a few dillion oil dollars in a drawer or two. Where is the Saudi relief effort to Haiti? How about Dubai, where they see fit to build the world’s tallest building as a testimony to themselves? How about Libya? Gadaffi is in the middle of a multi-billion dollar renovation of his capital city and airport after successfully trading the Lockerbie bomber for an oil deal with British Petroleum. Muammar surely has spare shekels.
I don’t know – with shirt sponsors, snappy TV ads and odds across the Internet, I suppose the upshot is that a generation of football fans could grow up seeing gaming as something that complements the game quite naturally.
4 Daytime tel number
straight when you keep jumping around the way you do. How did you
Leather against my skin, all is just right
With Britain, the EU’s third biggest economy, opting out of the fiscal process, questions about the cohesiveness of the wider bloc will also be posed’. (Reuters)
It is not relevant to my life.
All in the golden afternoon
Not only do I love Polly and Pip, but I really like them. They are smart, funny, and impossibly sweet. For example, Polly blows kisses to every animal she sees – in books, in stores, in people’s houses. She has also, in her imitations of Pip, taken to crawling around the house on all fours and pretending to be different animals, woofing when she is a dog and growling when she is a bear. For his part, Pip is currently in a stage where the sophistication of his thoughts and the language he uses to articulate them is rapidly increasing. Just yesterday he told me, while talking about our upcoming Thanksgiving trip to his grandparents, that “My heart hurts because we have to wait so long before going to Grandma and Grandpa’s house.”
"The question is: How do you do that without encouraging other people to game the system in the future?" he said in a recent interview. "And how do you do that in a way that doesn't lead to chain migration?"
Of the days long forgotten
Mountains, rivers, plains and plateaus are symbols of final destiny
"Because it's in south west England".
When a man takes an oath, he’s holding his own self in his own hands… …like water.
Someday, certainly a long time from now, you will be forgotten. No one will remember you. Don’t feel bad, no one will remember me, either. Your relatives and friends will all be dead as well, your gravestone (if you’re lucky enough to have one) might have eroded and disintegrated, and so might have your body.
You’re sublime,
- 2 tablespoons of water
Taking the lift up the third floor, we should’ve been put on notice when the first person we saw as the lift doors opened was a cleaner with a vacuum cleaner in the tunnel leading to the bar. But we persevered, and asked her if the bar was closed, she said it was open, we went ahead. To our dismay, the place was as dead as dodo. Deader than a dodo, in fact.
Steve Beckow: Okay, Lord. I look forward to that. I may share this with readers, and so I have another question for you, and that’s that I’ve said to readers, we may not be going through dramatic enlightenment experiences because we’re supposed to be serving. Could you comment on that? Am I correct in that or am I incorrect? Could you comment to readers about what they can expect?
Now Ain’t It Cool News claims to have been told by a possibly credible source that Nimoy will indeed be making a return appearance, and TrekMovie is claiming that their own unnamed sources have confirmed Nimoy’s involvement.
I really enjoyed this book. It is simply beautiful. So, run out and buy it and sink into its pages with thoughts of balls and dresses and family.
Griffin and his “inner party” have continually expelled competent local organisers and succesful branches and promoted people not suited to their roles so that the party has never been able to function properly. It began almost as soon as he took over when he destroyed the very successful Burnley branch. The ludicrous election broadcast of 2005 wasted an opportunity to get a meaningful message to our peoplewhich featured Dave Hannam singing the sentimental tosh Corporal Fox. A song written by Griffin about homeless people. (4)
By 1976, Barbra had succumbed to the poodle perm popular among American women.
- 2 egg whites
For ground that drinks the rain which often falls on it and brings forth vegetation useful to those for whose sake it is also tilled, receives a blessing from God; but if it yields thorns and thistles, it is worthless and close to being cursed, and it ends up being burned. But, beloved, we are convinced of better things concerning you, and things that accompany salvation, though we are speaking in this way (Hebrews 6:7-9, NASB).
The reality is that any nation that has a doctrine, which deals comprehensively with the universe, man and life, must be a nation with the need to spread this doctrine. Islam is not simply a doctrine of thoughts and ideas. Islam is also a practical system and way of life. Faith in Islam is not based only on its thoughts and concepts. A Muslim must also have belief in its actual implementation as a comprehensive way of life. Belief in this must then be followed by action.
All I can figure right now, is that I want to push through the rest of this week so I don't have time to just sit around and think. Getting back to work will give me something to focus on. I'm tired of crying and I'm tired of being sad and worrying about other people and if what I have done to them is somehow detrimental to their emotional well-being. I am ready to keep moving forward.
2. Boys don’t have to sit down every time they go. (**but they should for a cleaner bathroom!!)
Super Cat - Come Down
So now you’re all up to speed, I’m eager to hear your general thoughts and any advice you might have. And I promise not to leave it so long next time.
Kristin's letters to the readers are an amazing encouragement. You can really feel how strongly God is in her life.
Good evening all.i hope you are all well.tonight i have a card to share which one of my step nans carer`s asked me for.she asked for an elegant style so i am hoping this fits the bill.
He was looking at me with a very wide grin on his face, showing off a perfect set of teeth. Alarm bells should have started off in my head but unfortunately they didn’t. Not a sound. I was focused on the instruments left. There were only mexican shakers left so I picked them up, one in each hand turned and faced the man with the overly wide grin and thrust them out in front of me. “Here ya go” I said, “you can have these”. He looked at the shakers, then he looked at me before finally looking down at his left arm, or at least, where his left arm should have been. He looked up at me again, still wearing that wide grin with the perfect teeth and said, “I would love to mate but I’ve only got one arm.”
Perfectionism also shone when the wedding between Joost and Jessica was celebrated five years ago. Two oude geuze were specially commissioned from the then (just) geuze blender Drie Fonteinen: J&J Oude Geuze Blauw (for the groom) and J&J Oude Geuze Roze (for the bride)- the former is a blend of 1 year old Lindemans lambiek and 4 year old Girardin lambiek, whereas the latter is a blend of 1 year old Boon lambiek with 3 years old Girardin lambiek. As expected when the best beer café in Belgium teams up the best geuze blender, the result is world-class beers. They are only available at the DHL, but in Belgium you can even buy beers to take away from cafés, a practice unheard of in over-regulated, stern Northern Europe.
Below are links to the IRS website, as well as Wisconsin’s Department of Revenue. You can use either site to file your taxes:
One needs to go no further than the evening free-to-air tv in the sanctity of one's own loungeroom, before encountering advertisements luring Average Joe in for a sexual encounter with groups of young Russian women in sexually provocative poses and situations.
I saw him when I was 7months pregnant – still chatted. Crush was still there.
submerged in the bewildering velocity,
In 2004 I was made Barking and Dagenham Branch Organiser, working alongside the then National Elections Officer. That year, there were three by-elections in Barking and Dagenham. The results achieved were as follows and the figures speak for themselves:
It was his assertion that gays and lesbians should not accept the stigma of being sick because of their homosexuality and subsequently organized a drive which eventually caused the American Psychiatric Association to declassify homosexuality as a mental illness.
You leave me here
Broadband is fast evolving into an essential medium of communication. So, a lot companies also have their websites activated on the web. You can apply for jobs online, surf the web for matrimonial alliances and a whole lot more. Email is fast replacing snail mail as the favoured mode of communication. It also saves paper and a lot of trees.
So “Is your approach to change more like the first list or the second? … When you resist change, you’ll likely find yourself dreading anything that’s different and scrambling to put out fires and stifling progress. If you invite change, you’ll enjoy dealing with the challenges that come your way and building workplaces that’s flexible and agile.”
Make sure to ‘set’ the cream liner with a corresponding eyeshadow. (This helps it to wear all day) I like the Expresso eyeshadow from Merle Norman when I use their Lasting Cream Liner in Coffee, and MAC Carbon eyeshadow when using their black cream liner.
I just hope with all those gazillion grands, somebody thought to bring a shiny red Kodak.
It is likely that Tunisia’s opposition movement will congratulate itself tonight after what they perceive is a groundswell of support they received in Tunis today. They will read headlines in the Washington Post or Le Figaro and know that the world is watching their struggle. They are correct that many Tunisians are frustrated at the government and its ability to change things quickly. They are correct that the world is watching. But they are mistaken if they believe that marching downtown today will suffice to reach their voters. The lessons of October’s defeat have not yet been learned by Tunisia’s opposition.
We then went to the genetics doc and had good fortune there as well as we do not carry the familial gene for Down Syndrome. All of it did carry mixed emotions with us- we so wanted a child like our amazing Jack but at the same time that just carries to many health risks and so we were relieved as well. The doc said the heart should turn out fine when we have our echo exam at the end of the month. She believes that no indication of Down Syndrome will mean no heart problems, but I will worry just the same. I will never fully believe anything a doc has to say anymore, they sound confident and sure of themselves but deep down they will never know anything for sure as life and death is a roll of the dice.
The stamps are PTI Think Big Favorites #12 and Tag-Its #10. I used PTI white card, SU! black, almost amethyst (retired), pretty in pink, barely banana (retired).
Passing, 2005 is the show’s prize. A little field of found concrete and a nudge of sheetrock create a landscape which can be viewed through a small found lens, which strangely resembles the torn window wreckage of a downed aircraft. Through the lens the scene is somewhere between an Antonioni film scape and Duchamp’s Etant Donnés. You view a nun who has died, and coming from the distance, over a hill rendered large by the sudden thrust of the lens in scale come a young boy and girl. We are looking through the lens, a cinematic moment, but like with Etant Donnés, we are implicated in that moment, we are sucked in and somehow made responsible for what we are viewing, only instead of viewing the Origin of the World, we view a departed nun, a world lost somehow.
May 25, 2008 "
other peoples across borders.
This text is narrower than the original proposal, which was not limited to the civil litigation context and applied to additional categories of data. The report that accompanied the proposed resolution lamented the dilemma faced by litigants and third parties who must choose between disclosure requirements in U.S. discovery proceedings and the data protection laws of the foreign jurisdictions that may prohibit such disclosure, in particular, the laws in European jurisdictions.
Coco staggering the long walk home, drunk on milk and cartoons.
Outsourcing doesn’t have to mean relinquishing control. Though not strictly outsourcing, using an electronic system can do quite the opposite, especially where indirect spend is so hard to monitor.
bobo (when he wants to nurse)
so I will be keeping this blog open and if I haven't got around to contacting you all individually (sigh...soon) please leave me a reminder here....ok.
To avoid this do NOT add salt to the water. I have heard that this will make them easier to peel but all that will happen is it will raise the boiling point of the water and lead to tough whites.
The following is an open letter. We, the undersigned urge you to dedicate high priority to filling the current vacancies at NYCHA, DFTA, HPD, and DEP with qualified and diverse individuals.
Preheat oven to 350. Mix together flours and oats, stir in nuts, raisins and chocolate chips. Add oil and sweetener and combine to make dough that stays together but isn’t too sticky or wet, add juice or water as needed to reach consistency. Bake for about 25 minutes, cool and cut into bars.
Paulaner Salvator Thomasbraeu AG Paulaner Oktoberfest-Märzen
been about 20 years old.
My debut middle grade novel, THE WHOLE STORY OF HALF A GIRL, has landed. On pub day last week, I sort of tipped-toed around, wondering if I was doing or feeling what I was supposed to. The world did feel different for me, but did it for anyone else? So far I’ve thankfully had the pleasure of getting some great reviews, but I haven’t heard much about how my readers feel, meaning the middle graders I wrote this book for. That is something I’m truly looking forward to.
The title doesn't lie. This is a book of stupid, easily disproven trivia, often with an absurd Amerocentric or Eurocentric slant. Among the highlights:
And more often than not, I wish I had answers to all the above. (especially at 3am when everyone else is asleep, and my brain refuses to switch off!)
P. Pet peeves: I have a few...those I have talked about are people driving the wrong way on a one-way street and when hairstylists cut my hair wrong. I also hate when people smack their food.
Thin Lizznt
C: Whites don’t have white privilege. *insert long diatribe about the World Wars and how every race is racist towards another race in some shape or form*
Place all the trimmed and cleaned rosehips in a blender or food processor with 1 cup of warm water and blend until fine. Add to the boiling water and bring the whole mixture to a boil. Once it begins to boil, reduce the heat and let the mixture sit for fifteen minutes.
The Fault in Our Stars (TFIOS, not to be confused with ODBAF, which I’ll be marketing as a patented weight loss formula shortly) is a young adult novel, which I’d like to think we’ve learned by now doesn’t preclude it from being awesome, or at least engrossing. The book is narrated by its 16-year-old protagonist, Hazel, who has thyroid cancer that has worked its way into her lungs, requiring her to carry an oxygen tank at all times because, as she puts it, her “lungs suck at being lungs.” One day at a cancer support group for kids (which she loathes) Hazel meets Augustus, whose only evidence of having survived bone cancer is his prosthetic leg. Equally intelligent, witty and jaded with the entire rigamarole of cancer and recovery, the two hit it off and ultimately fall in love.
In South Korean (International Chart) : ‘Payphone’ by Maroon 5 ft Wiz Khalifa
What current trends have you noticed in children's illustration?
For example, let's say a person buys an ebook and wants to make a copy of it, or change the format, or use it on more than one device. DRM prevents them from doing that.
But during the holidays, it's amplified. I am totally overwhelmed. Piles of junk mail. Mounds of laundry. Stacks of unaddressed Christmas cards. Countless small items to be cleaned or sterilized. Loads of emotional baggage...
Shadows and mirrors…
On this day, you read something that moved you and made you realize there were no more fears to fear. No tears to cry. No head to hang in shame. That every time you thought you’d offended someone, it was all just in your head and really, they love you with all their heart and nothing will ever change that. That everyone and everything lives on inside you. That that doesn’t make any of it any less real.
Unlike you, the companies that mass produced the gum didn’t care what was on the stickers. Unlike you, they didn’t care what the flavour was, even though you know it’s that pseudo-strawberry you can still taste late some nights. The flavour didn’t even last a full minute most of the time, but it’s still indelible. It’s probably the fact that it’s so fleeting that makes it so memorable – the entire time it’s hitting your tastebuds full force, you’re memorising it so that in 30 seconds time, when the gum tastes like Blu-Tack, you’ll be thinking about that flavour and wanting another 10c piece, which also means another sticker.
Confession: I went off the rails at the end of 2011. I ate like it was my job and spent money like I was made of it. The holiday season has a way of doing that to me. So, like so many other Americans, I resolved to reign myself in on January 1st. I joined my friend Laurie in her quest for a No-Spend January, and I added some health goals to her financial fitness plan.
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION/APPLICATION FORM available here
Yes, that would be the entire colour wheel!
I love you, Carter. Talk to you again soon!
I choose to have a brand new luxury car this year in Christ Jesus! Amen!
This morning I slept in and was casually wandering around the unit, getting brekky, listening to the radio, generally (and slowly) waking up, when I happened to glance at the clock and notice it was 8.30… Now I am actually supposed to be at work then, and being a manager I thought I better get my butt into gear and get to work. But then I thought better of that idea and decided what the heck, I made myself a cappuccino in my travel coffee cup, the beauty of having my own coffee machine. Then I casually wandered down to my car.
“Ah. Yes. Your new man friend. He does not exist.”
The census of 1870 shows Jesse, Nancy, and Jesse’s daughter, Mary, living in the household of Nancy’s younger brother, Monroe Corbitt. Monroe was also a Confederate veteran having served as a sergeant in Company H, 29th Georgia Regiment, and he had managed to retain a farm even through the war years. The Corbitt farm was in the 1148 Georgia Militia District of Berrien County. Jesse worked as a farm laborer, while Nancy and Mary assisted with housekeeping and domestic chores.
While the sea shimmers at dusk
Forgiveness is not easy. It takes a lot of strength and courage to pardon someone that has caused you grief. Sometimes it is helpful to consider the situation from the other person’s point of view. Why did he/she react this way? What in the past could have prompted him/her to take insecurities out on you?
but if you centre yourself
Stir and enjoy. Add pecans and shredded cheeses to mayo mixture, stirring until blended. You can store it in the refrigerator up to 1 week. Serve with celery sticks and assorted crackers, or make a grilled pimiento cheese sandwich in a skillet or panini press.
So I know you might think that my blog posts for the GateHouse are a little ghetto, well they are, but this is the best I can do without any photoshop knowledge. Check it out on http://gatehouseblog.blogspot.com/
That's all, you may resume your business!
I’m hungry, desperate for your crumbs,
$5.00 off Purina Pro Plan
improve your self esteem...
Can I just say that the food was so awesome. It was $6 and for six dollars we all left full and sleepy, my goodness. There was more than enough and the food was a blessing. I played chess, and will admit that I got spanked all over the church by Brother Less. But in my defense, he says I was worthy competition.
The kitten counter-leaps
This is so much of a staple that we also see South Bucks District Council adopting it, extending the charging period for its car parks and increasing the minimum charge from half an hour to an hour.
In addition to hearing aids, there are many wonderful products to aid a person who has hearing loss. One such program comes from the Illinois Access Telecommunications Commission (IATC), which provides free amplified phones. This program, funded by a charge on all local phone lines in Illinois, is run by the IATC and has been issuing equipment since 1988.
The ‘consciousness of the working class' is the/a Communist party.
I bought 500g of celebration, but when I found each 100g were separate packs, I decided to freeze one pk of powder & whatever paste I had leftover. My hair was to my bra strap in the back so I figured 300g would be enough but would rather have too much than too little.
Here’s my favorite butterfly meaning.
Tired of hunting down cyber-terrorists and hackers, the conflicted cop moves down to Rio de Janeiro to start a new life as a black-market dealer of cybertronic doodads. The net may be vast and infinite, but this doesn't prevent his old employers from tracking him down. Forcing him to partake in a dangerous mission to locate a rogue agent named Jared (Marjorie Monaghan) in Shang Loo, Java, his bosses Farnsworth (Tim Thomerson) and Maritz (Brion James) install a small bomb in his heart to ensure his cooperation. Upon arriving in Shang Loo, Alex quickly becomes an unwilling pawn in an epic battle brewing between humans and cyborgs. And since he's somewhere in the middle, Alex must choose which side he's on.
Now there was a new development in The Dave Howes Band House this week. We got a letter from a reader! Sparky from Brixton writes: “Hello boys, I’ve been reading your adventures and have a question. Your drummer, Ian “Sticks” Flashman, is he by any chance related to the late and legendary Stan “I can get you tickets for anything” Flashman?”
~Screaming two year old. She doesn't enjoy her sister "cleaning" the poo off her back.
Just as God has given us the strength and the tools to have gotten through these past 2 1/2 weeks, I know that He’ll pull through for us when that time comes. Please pray that William and I will have the mental clarity and Godly insight to do what is right for our baby, according to God’s will.
Um other than that at church we have started the real marriage series and are reading the book and so far it has been really great and is helping the boy and I a lot. Since we have some issues haha. But we are getting better.
26) Houston Texans: WR Kendall Wright
The participation in the community consultation workshop on the future of Kings Square last evening was disappointing, with only 17 people turning up. The rest of the group was made up of councillors and City of Fremantle staff, plus three people from Kings Square consultants CODA architects.
0 Reviews
Supreme Court nominee Elena Kagan believes we can place absolute trust in government bureaucrats to protect our lives and our rights. She argued to the Supreme Court that it would be perfectly fine if Congress passed a law banning books, since the government has never yet enforced such a law. I suppose she would also not oppose a law allowing the government to murder anyone it pleases, since the government has never yet attempted to make use of that sort of law, either.
With the seam side down, wrap the assembly in the same foil and secure the ends tight. Refrigerate till firm.
A musician, who was largely an autodidact once said to me that he did not care very much for music theory as it did not fit with performance skills and apprehension as a musician. I fell silent, not bothering to tell him that he was playing music predominantly in a mixolydian mode, while utilising tritones, ostinati, parallel 5ths, 8ths, dominant sevenths, suspensions, passing notes, arpeggiations, and so on…
Spring weather
However: wow, was it delicious. I guess that cab is different if you cook with it (tannens are tamer.) As for balsamic, I experienced a backlash when it was on menus everywhere, but that part of history is over, plus I now mostly eat at home. So sometime last year I began
CHILI # 6 - VERA'S VERY VEGETARIAN VARIETY
So one day Todd asked why I didn't just make this into a casserole. He said he's probably like the peppers better if they were mixed in. He figured he liked green peppers on a pizza, but it was because it was all mixed in. So I search all over the internet but found nothing that was exactly like my moms, so I came up with my own. It's super simple, yet delicious and semi healthy at least. Luke LOVES it now too!
The result: delays, mistakes, broken promises--and, ultimately, closure, often only a few months after starting up. Here's one example, a publisher that opened and closed in six months. There are many more.
Hosoe's portraits of quieter subjects speak louder. People inform their spaces, and vice versa, no matter how plain the setting. Prints from the "Kimono" series are styled as exquisitely as Chinese porcelains. Hosoe accomplishes the neat trick of giving a fashion model the suggestion of an intriguing interior. Too bad only three prints are displayed; it would have been good to see an image of a mourning widow, a relatively public stance for a relatively private country.
Last year Carmelita Jeter became the second fastest woman of all time running 10.64 in the 100 meters (as well as 10.67). This year Jeter has stated that she has her sight set on Irina Privalova's "ancient" 60 meter record of 6.92. Her chase will begin in Glasgow. Certainly her PR of 7.11 should fall if her late season form of last year is any indication. I'm thinking around 7.05 in her debut. Of course with a decent start we could see something under 7.00 - an exciting prospect indeed.
"Those things are going to come," he said. "It's common knowledge people are going to suffer. Memory loss is going to come. I am ready for it. It's worth it; totally worth it. This is the best job in the world and I wouldn't trade it for anything.
For those of you fortunate to have waited out the 6+ months to see all of Bakemonogatari, and enjoyed it, then Nisemonogatari is right up there with it. There is no real story or plot to reiterate here, it stars Koyomi Araragi (Kamiya Hiroshi) as an average high school senior who got tangled up in some supernatural events from an old friend and became a vampire for a short time. He was restored, but retained some vampire-like elements, such as heightened awareness and regeneration. He meets Hitagi Senjougahara (Saito Chiwa) and helps her to rid her of a similar ailment that had been plaguing her. The two would adventure through their daily lives interacting more supernatural phenomenon and eventually become a relationship together. In the sequel, The black swindler Kaiki Deishu, comes back to make trouble, and Koyomi’s sisters, Karen and Tsukihi (Kitamura Eri and Iguchi Yuka) take up the charge to bring it down.
Hazen’s marketing entry swept the “decorative/display category” in the Association of International Metallizers, Coaters and Laminators (AIMCAL) product competition awards.
Everything is cyclical; the '70s never really ended. This album is deeply indebted to that decade, but less in the "Let's re-record the best '70s rock songs" way so many bands have tried and more in the "Let's embrace the sensibilities of the decade" way: it's hard to point to any one specific influence. To this laid-back but still rocking aesthetic Super Furry Animals (and are they animals that are super furry, or furry animals that are super?) have tied obscure and frequently surreal lyrical stylings: "Psyclone!" seems to be about invading dinosaurs from outer space. Whether that's brilliant or inane is hard to tell, but I know my vote is for fucking brilliant. Gruff Rhys's lovely vocals are joined by three of the other members to form lush multi-part harmonies, and the band is joined by the Catalan choir, and together provide the core of this truly incredible album.
Today, I saw that Operation Write Home is having a "Miss You" challenge. The funny thing is that, when I first "finished" the card, there was no sentiment. Then I thought to myself, "You can't have a card with NO stamping on the front," so I grabbed a sentiment set and, at random, chose the "i miss you." That's card karma!!
One of the first thing we noticed about the GTX 670 is its size and weight — or lack thereof. It may look like a standard high-end graphics card on top, but Nvidia put Kepler’s PCB on a diet. The card comes equipped to cover all your display needs, with two DVI outputs, one HDMI, and one DisplayPort. Flip it over, and it’s surprisingly short.
In the Protagonists' Cafe deep inside Kimber An's twisted imagination, the protagonists are having a hard time getting Kimber An to start working on a new story. They know, from experience, she'll only get nuttier if she doesn't.
And I got quite a few questions and comments regarding the cabinet itself.
like abundant rain on tender plants” (Deuteronomy 32:2).
4. Get ready for a showdown- You most likely got kicked out of T.G.I. Friday’s. Be proud of yourself, because that’s hard to do. You can either wait for the police, or call your significant other to come pick you up. When he/she finds out what you did today, it will most definitely be a showdown. The Gunfight at the O.K. Corral will have nothing on the verbal thrashing you are about to recieve. But it beats sitting in a drunk tank, where everyone can see you pee.
The house I will be working on is not ours. My BIL and SIL live about three hours away from us. However, they run cattle here. They make the three hour trip often to check about the cattle and my BIL helps out on the farm. My SIL works for the Post Office and our little town Post Office was going to close when the postmaster retired because there was nobody to take the job. When I got wind of this I called my SIL to tell her. She put a call in to the big wigs at the Post Office and within a matter of a few days she was able to be the replacement. Since August my SIL has been living out of her suitcase and staying with us, my MIL, and my other SIL. They have thought about buying a little house here for years and now with my SIL working in town they finally took the plunge and bought a second home. It will be nice for them and my niece to have their own place when they are here.
“We can have the wedding in time for the children.” she cooed sweetly.
I hope you all had a wonderful weekend and a nice Mother's Day. Mine was quiet, but nice. My sweet husband cooked supper last night. My favorite - roast beef, gravy, roasted potatoes, and Yorkshire pudding. nom nom nom :0)
I'm really really excited about my new job! I think the office climate and morale seems really good. I feel good about the decision to make this change! I'm also super pleased to be getting a nice pay raise.
But to top it off, I have to admit something. Something I'm ashamed to tell you because a dear friend gave this as a gift to me. Someone who reads this blog. He gave me something I loved and treasured very much and as soon as I get back through this year, I will buy again. My liveScribe pen was taken and my students and I have isolated it down to a 5 minute period when it went missing.
Everybody loves your hair.
Tom's recovering but in pain, and his throat is raw and hurting from being tubed during surgery. He's thrown up a lot today, either from the throat irritation or what feels like a lot of phlegm that's lodged in there. Not sure if that's a side effect from the vicodin or what, but he's a bit miserable. He's thankful though, as he feels a million times better than he did beforehand.
� Contract with Henrich Equipment Company
My own recent make-up MAC purchases. I am loving this new Pro Longwear Lip Creme called Postively Dashing. It stayed on through the afternoon, burgers, guacamole, and sangria. Perfect for girls that don't have time to be touching up their make-up all the time. The eyeshadow is called Antiqued - kind of a red/brown/coppery color, and then Studio Fix Foundation.
This Facebook page is “dedicated to the millions of conservative women who know what they believe in: family, American values and not being told by faux feminist groups how to think.”
The rains caused all of these to bloom at once. I like the abstract composition that I captured. I was on a step ladder looking across my backyard fence in order to take the shot. We have become a hothouse climate now with 80 degrees F. daily.
The lineup in the past has comprised of well known rock stars like; Prince Nico M’ barga, Peter Gabriel, Echo & The Bunnymen, Don Cherry, Drummers of Burundi, Ekome Imrat Khan, Suns of Arqa, Simple Minds, The Chieftans and The Beat. Over the years, as new talent has come about, the lineup each year has also become even more entertaining.
Aziz Ansari
Remember how I said that I was learning Wordpress? Well, Saturday, I was poking around, figuring things out, when I accidentally initiated a switch in my blog hosts. I was on Blogger, and now, I'm on Wordpress.
1 1/2 teaspoons dried thyme, or oregano
4. Let it grow. Once you have your plan set up and your business set up, all you can do is let it grow. Treat it like a plant, you have to water it every day and make sure it gets plenty of sunshine. Well for your business the water is your work to promote it, and the sunshine is the people who visit your website.
I love the creativity that Southern Star is bringing to the Texas game, and who knows, this may be a huge hit with the swine lovers. $5 says it wins an award at the GABF. Southern Star is well on it's way to being one of our more creative Texas micros with this pork beer and the really hoppy Pine Belt Pale Ale. The thing about creativity, sometimes it works, and sometimes people look at you like you're a circus freak. But I'm glad they are nearby, which means every new creation they push out will be in Houston first. Good luck fellas. Lay off that pig.
I put in a bunch of 12 mile runs along the Sawyer Camp Trail, a nifty running trail on San Francisco Peninsula. Most of them were timed efforts and several of them were with PARC, which meets there every Saturday morning. I'm not a fan of slow long distance runs. Do your long distance fast. But be careful, since fast long runs will take a lot out of you, and I normally did one every couple weeks to give myself plenty of recovery.
The Taiji fishermen are bewildered that anyone would find the dolphin drive hunts cruel, and consider dolphins to be just big fish, like tuna. They say that the dolphins are food for the Japanese, just like dogs are food for the Chinese and Koreans. The majority of the Taiji fishermen believe that what they are doing is acceptable. However, some fishermen told Ric O’Barry – dolphin trainer-cum-activist, starring in The Cove – that if the world found out what they were doing, they would be shut down; therefore they try and prevent people from documenting the horrible drive hunts.
Saturday, October 13th–I was sick.
"The U.S. has become known as the best beer nation in the world. This reputation is in thanks to the innovation and passion of America's craft brewers who have taken beer styles to the next level. During American Craft Beer Week our goal is to get 10,000 Facebook users to become supporters of the American Craft Beer Week fan page, and thus declare their beer independence," stated Julia Herz, a spokesperson for the Brewers Association.
He says some think of this event as “the attunements.” Others call it “the clearing.”
Although this is an attractive possibility given the central importance of alcoholic drink to high-status early medieval life (a lord’s hall is a ‘mead-hall’), it may not be the whole story. Translucent liquids such as beer, mead or wine would have obscured the internal decorations to some extent, which may argue against this use of hanging bowls unless seeing the decorations start to appear as the level of liquid dropped was part of the appeal (a signal for a refill, perhaps?).
#1 singles: Chaz Hansen defeated Clay Jerge (6-0) (6-0)
"Final death throes"? Alexandria was part of the Eastern Roman Empire, which did not fall until a whopping 1038 years after Hypatia's death. Those are some pretty long "death throes". Prothero goes on:
In true TVD fashion, the last few episodes are going to be even crazier–starting with next week. What do you think the fall out from Alaric’s transformation will be? Do you think Elena will make a romantic decision? What do you think of Jeremy’s return?
market-tested spiel.
I had the wonderful opportunity to see our school's production of The Wizard of Oz, and I must say, our students are pretty talented. To add to my enjoyment, my 4 1/2 year old grandson and his mommy came with. He's very familiar with the story and was a little concerned that the wicked witch would be scary. But he loved it. It's always so fun to enjoy it thru a child's perspective.
April 22 – The Knitting Factory (Reno, NV) #
Then, gradually came in the "strollers" - just out on a beautiful ( muggy ) Saturday morning,
6. Is 1969 okay, all across the USA?
Well, back to work, that’s ok. Because I worked too, and went to college also. So maybe Freddie couldn’t hang out till 2 AM anymore.
In her acceptance speech, Karman paid tribute to Arab women “without whose hard struggles and quest to win their right in a society dominated by the supremacy of men I wouldn’t be here,” according to an English translation of her comments in Arabic.
I love watching them and just being around them.
It’s great that you’re on those channels to begin with, just remember to play by the rules like everyone else. Or, do what you want, and enjoy the backlash.
Brent: What an interesting question!
Silver/Navid/Liam- Silver tells Annie & Naomi that she’s getting her first mammogram done today and that Navid’s taking her to the hospital. Meanwhile, Navid tells Ade that he doesn’t trust Austin, and to make sure he’s looking out for her and not himself. Navid goes to talk to Liam while he’s getting ready for his premiere. Navid thanks Liam for being a good friend to Silver and Liam tells Navid to be there for her. While Silver and Navid are at the hospital, a nurse comes out to ask her some questions before her mammogram. One of the questions asks if she could be pregnant, and Silver doesn’t answer. Navid asks her how she could be pregnant, and she tells him she hooked up with a random guy. Silver says she’ll get tested tomorrow at her doctor’s appointment to make sure. Navid goes over to the bar and tells Liam that Silver didn’t take the mammogram because she may be pregnant.
Claire Trotel from Snow Hill Legal, Christopher Thubron and Steve Wheeler from Moore Stephens and Marc Quaghebeur from De Broeck Van Laere & Partners, joined us for a seminar to demystify the necessity of a will. Not because they want part of your money, but because dying in Belgium could be a very costly experience for your heirs.
Answer: It depends on the size of your pet, the presence of any underlying conditions and the amount of chocolate your pet has ingested.
There are also bikini swimwear tops that are designed according to the size of the bust. This means that all women with different bust sizes can get a bikini top that is suited for them. Some of the most common size based bikini tops are D-cup and E-cup tops. This is because it is normally difficult for women with these cup sizes to find bikini swimwear tops from the other categories. Therefore, these tops are designed with them in mind and fit perfectly.
For the last couple of weeks I've been blotting ink from my projects onto the pages of a book (after seeing the Queen of journalling, Dyan Reaveley do this) and also trying out distress stains and watercolours on different pages. Today was the right day to try and make my first page. Isn't it exciting how blogging extends your boundaries and makes you aware of new possibilities?
The time you mentioned your favorite beer memory was while sailing to Martinique?
Being the family of a soldier is difficult as well.
BLITZER: The letter I received from the top Cuban diplomat here in
11 The Size of It (ditto; also 1989 cross-country trip)
The tradition of Thandai a cold drink made with a mixture of almonds, spices, milk and sugar and Bhang ( female cannabis sativa buds and leaves) is specialty of Northern India though now a days its used almost everywhere. Associated with Lord Shiva and in the city of Banaras one can find people preparing Thandai with mortar and pestle , singing holi songs. The festive spirit is enhanced by the bond of togetherness it creates. . Bhang is also mixed with ghee and sugar to make a tasty green halva, and into peppery, chewy little balls called ‘golees’. Bhang has medicinal properties also and much safer than drinking alcohol.
1/3 cup light-brown sugar, packed
We wait for another two hours, to ensure no latent reactions and when nothing occurs, are discharged with the loss of one milk allergy.
The women could fair a bit better. A solid 1:59 run could get into the final. A 1:57 run should garner a medal. We have women capable of doing both. More importantly those that make the team will have the guts and heart to run with the pace and be in the hunt come the final stretch run. The summer should tell a lot about both squads heading into Daegu.
A rather curious phenomenon that has been observed in the popular press lately is that on those rare occasions when total global public debt is demonstrated correctly on a country by country basis, i.e., including contingent liabilities, as well as various trans-national, public-sector backed guarantees (such as EFSF backstops), and most importantly the Net Present Value of pensions and healthcare, or the cost of the welfare state expressed in current dollars, there is one country that is systematically excluded. That would be the United States. Today we set the record straight by adding the US to the list where it rightfully belongs, and also answer the rhetorical question of why the US just so happens to be consistently omitted from such column-chart based, hair-raising classifications.
The mothers who will stay in marriages for the sake of their children or because they are not economically empowered to leave the husband who is the breadwinner.
Dodger? Scheming little villain. I wouldn’t trust him as far as I could kick him. Just as soon as feed him to Bulls-Eye than have to put up with his ugly little mug, his little sharp eyes taking it all in, watching what’s going on, storing it away in that nasty little head of his.
‘Breitbart.com’s Joel Pollak explained that the ‘Forward’ “borrows…from decades of communist iconography.”
I have to say, it really started with winning the SCBWI Work in Progress Grant in the fall of 2009 with my YA novel, The Circle Journal (now titled: Chalk Houses). I am not being falsely modest when I say that I sent that grant application off with a very, “hell, you can’t win if you don’t play” kind of attitude. I am seriously still in awe that my work was appreciated in that way. I will always be grateful.
advocate.com/Arts_and_Enter…SO PROUD OF U PAULY!U WERE THE MOST ADORABLE GAY KID – I FELL IN LOVE WITH U THE MOMENT WE MET – UR PARENTS R STARS
~Bonnie~
I used one of my new gorjuss girl stamps which i purchased here and the service was amazing and even got some free ribbon with my order.Coloured her with my promarkers and even coloured the brads to match,the fab paper makes me feel like she is skipping towards the woods....lol,watch out mr wolf!
The Gallery;
So far, 2012 has been little better as commodity prices have eased, turning monthly trade surpluses into deficits and stoking concern about the country’s over-reliance on iron-ore and coal exports to China.
...meets a beautiful lady (Fiona Lewis), with whom he has a wild fling but she breaks up with him because he can't commit. Funny thing is, she then hooks up with brawny swimming teacher Miguel (Andres Garcia). Don't worry though; she gets eaten by an apparently huge tiger shark.
Just a few reactions:
Yes, i have been assaulted, and other “Innapropiate” thing’s for my sexuality, in the 8th grade i was pushed into an air conditioning vent, causing blood to ooze out of the side of my head. But that doesn’t stop me, from being who i am, and what i feel happy being.
CME spot lumber traded at a low of $211.10 per contract in early October and reached a 2012 peak of $279.00 on March 8, a 32 percent gain in value.
After a series of discussions between administration officials and the House leadership, it became clear, the GOP aides said, that the White House and Congress’s interests were not aligned…. – WSJ, 7-22-11
Sure, there is a dominant grapefruit theme, but dancing in circles around that resonant central core are a plethora of dynamic and delightful complementary flavour notes which combine to wind this brew into an exquisite frenzy of a drink experience.
Pattern Paper- Papirdesign
We have a section of our community which is disproportionately prone to violent crime to a massive degree, we see evidence of this every day, and yet we are not supposed to acknowledge it, even when programmes such as Dispatches reluctantly admit the facts. Furthermore, our leaders are actively seeking to add massively to that already growing and disproportionately criminal section of the community.
I'll admit I don't entirely get what's going on in the second arc, but the pacing is considerably slower, with nothing coming to resolution (so far, with 30 more chapters) and some things I can't fathom, like the current relationship with Kaname and Yuki, which should look like estranged marriage but is apparently something else? The style of drawing has changed as well, with it now dominated by a sort of wispy pencil type minimalist drawing and every vampire having the same somewhat empty eyes. Still pretty artwork, but nowhere near as powerful and with minimal contrast between the extensive details and the minimalist.
What is your most amusing or interesting live gig / backstage / tour experience?
120g insalted butter
In 1963, my parents met and married, and my mother became friendly with her mother-in-law. One day, when my mother mentioned that she needed to see her gynecologist, Jovita revealed that she'd never been to such a doctor and had, in fact, never had a gynecological exam. My mother was shocked. She advised Jovita that it really would be a good idea to have an exam, and to start having them annually. Jovita agreed to go to my mother's doctor, Dr. Seissman. A few days later, my mother took her mother-in-law to the gynecologist for her first exam. My grandmother would have been in her 60s.
Giotto, Annunciation—The Angel Gabriel Sent by God (1306)
Take a place.
Organised religion is based on a mixture of guilt and fear.
“And,” he added, “we’ll look like such heroes that nobody will care anyway.” She actually smiled through red, misty eyes and turned to face him again as he drove on. She hadn’t paid great attention to where he was driving and suddenly noticed they were in the parking lot to the mall. “What are we doing here?”
It took me time to understand that sleep is necessary for human beings and lack of the normal activities results in imbalance.
We went snorkeling both Wednesday and today, and saw tons of amazing tropical fish. We also were thrilled to be snorkeling right next to gorgeous Hawaiian green sea turtles. ( I can't take credit for the first three photos, I've never had luck with those underwater cameras.). Anyway, being so up close and personal to those beautiful creatures is one of the most amazing things we have ever done! As they are protected, it is illegal to touch them or harass them in any way. Just being able to witness them in their own habitat is truly a treat that we won't forget!
So, how does fear relate to love? My assertion is that fear corrupts love. “There is no fear in perfect love, for perfect love casts out fear,” as the scripture goes. If hate is love’s absence, fear appears to be an agent working against love, a force that is repelled by healthy, functioning love.
Update 5 (8:05 PM-8:55 PM):
The quote at the opening of this section, which I included in last lesson’s discussion on ‘ressentiment’ and produce again below, summarises the basis of Nietzsche’s philosophy in a single analogy, and more succinctly than I could hope to do.
If your story’s synopsis has become your Achilles’ Heel, try simplifying it for yourself. Even if you find you struggle with road blocks in your story, this way may just help you past them. By targeting these four points you may just find that writing a synopsis can in fact be a key to the difference between a good story and a great story. Don’t complicate things for yourself by over-analyzing the synopsis. You already have enough to do with writing and finishing the story as well as submitting it for acceptance or rejection.
Decades later, my own daughter participated in a school haunted house at her grade school. My daughter was dressed in pajamas and was kneeling down with her hands on a TV screen that was just broadcasting snow and static. As people passed by, she would call out “Theeeeeeyy’rrrrrrrreee Heeeeeeerrrrreeeeeee” in reference to little Carol Ann in the movie. None of the kids going through the haunted house had a clue….though all the parents really liked it.
So the point of this post, rambling as it is, is to ask you my loves (that’s you reading this in your pajamas or sweat pants) do you do this too?
It's no secret I lost friends over the split and that's cool
always disassembling your toys
Which way to something better
Look at Bruno over here. With his brown skin pairs the light to dark scheme of clothing. From flesh, which is his short sleeves polo, to the breath-taking dark orange pants goes his dark green loafers. Love Bruno in the summer.
NEW YORK, April 16.- Only a faint hope remains tonight that any of the 1,302 passengers and crew who have been missing since the giant Titanic liner struck an iceberg 400 miles off Cape Race and sank, have been picked up by trans-Atlantic liners. The 808 survivors rescued from lifeboats by the Cunarder Carpathia, now on its way to New York, are the only known, saved.
This is a test recipe for Isa's upcoming cookbook, so you know the drill -- we can't give out the recipe.
Original Air Date: Feb 9, 2012
“It is my personal belief that honesty is the best policy. If you are aiming to educate someone you should give them the facts as they stand, and help them to form their own opinion,” Ferguson said.
then check out all the fun inspiration from our design team
So my sammich and fries are here, and I'm going to sign off so I can mack down on this shiz. I will finish up my anniversary-trip-posting tomorrow. But for now, here's some good, old Tragically Hip for you, from one of my favorite albums.
Kim Messinger, Janine Boyer and Shirley Brosius had a common bond of Christian service when Christ drew them together for their first small group meeting in January, 1998.
Below you will find 'Clue in 52 Seconds'. It is a very well edited snapshot of the movie that a guy did for a class and put on YouTube. In total it is 1:24 but well worth it. Better than the trailer. If you have never seen the movie give it a go, I think for many people it might have that Anchorman quality - meaning you have to see it more than once to really start laughing. For me, it was love at first Tim Curry.
I love how the Lord is aware of all things. Jeroboam thinks he is going to trick one of God’s prophets, when in fact there is nothing you can hide from the Lord. This can be very freeing to us if we love the Lord and embrace this truth about Him. Understanding this keeps us from trying to do anything behind His back (as if that were even possible). The Lord loves it when we acknowledge His omniscience (knowing everything).
In other ways, though, I still work in the same way. There has to be some kind of itch, something that haunts me as a writer, something that these techniques of writing help me connect with. Inevitably, I suppose, some of these itches and hauntings change over time, while others remain constant.
Luckily a second wave of punkish upstarts was springing up and it was these short, sharp, shouty and sometimes funny 45s, which captured my imagination far more than those old fogies. The Ejected’s “Have You Got 10p?” was a played almost nightly; The Addicts “My Baby Got Run Over By A Steamroller” has stayed with me (I taped it and mum asked if it was a infant or a loved one flattened); but my favourite band from that period were Action Pact, whose two sessions had me leaping off my bed to release the pause button on my hi-fi to record. There are two of their LPs in Peel’s collection, which prompted me to revisit them for the first time in since those boyhood days. Surprisingly they’ve weathered well, owing much to X-Ray Spex, which I didn’t realise back then.
67. The Name of the Rose - Umberto Eco
And the three secretaries–each one of them a charming and accomplished actress in her own chosen style–recognize him instantly, without even a flicker of doubt, and reply “Good morning!” to him. (There is something religious here, like responses in church–a reaffirmation of faith in the basic American dogma that it is, always, a good morning.
Cinemag – Old (Switch wire diagram)
I did a little SXSW music warm-up last night to see if I could handle a little drinking and fun during the SXSW interactive.
Something I just noticed about this post. Both of my crushes have facial hair which I find kinda funny because I'm normally not a fan. Hmmm... maybe I shouldn't give my husband a hard time about shaving. Looks like I just learned something new about myself today!
We filled our plates and adjourned to the table to enjoy the bounty. Things were going along swimmingly for about 15 minutes, when suddenly T.A. began to feel unwell. The "bounty" wasn't agreeing with him at all. Now in addition to the sore throat, he had an upset stomach. He left the table to go lie down on the same sofa that Maddie had just vacated. M-t-G just nibbled at her food (no joke intended!). Ratchlet still had a scrunched up, pinched look, meaning her head still hurt. Not a good sign....nope, not going well at all! None of them were seriously ill, so I wasn't actually worried, but it was kind of a downer, ya know?
with the numerous friends who adore my company
our heart
Oh you, thanks a million for sending me these pictures and for letting me share them with my readers. It's so generous of you!
Ndebele was in a police car next to hers and yelled out the window. The young female constable then stopped her vehicle and climbed out - gesturing to Mrs Ndebele to repeat her comments because she couldn't hear them properly while driving.
Richard E. Averbeck
That never seeks her upset
Oh, and I have a little trick for you. Think you can't "see through" those Big Shot dies to use them on an image you've already stamped? Well you can!
Many Templars fled to Portugal and Spain but legend claims they shipped the bulk of their treasures to Scotland where they found safety with their kilted brother Knights led by Robert the Bruce.
Author: Shannon Greenland
How can anything that leaves these types of marks every day be good for you?
Well I best start washing me pots by hand in case the dishwasher decides that it wants to join in the fun!
Following on from here and here. Sorry for dragging it out. It's not that I wan't to create a thrilling trilogy and make you fork out three visits to my blog. Just that I have such limited blogging opportunities these days. Plus this week has seen me thinking "why the fuck am I living in Belgium?" more often than I have previously... But I would like now to finish the story.
Open House at which all local breweries will be present, site TBA.
A wonderful lady, Gina, was kind enough to share her son's birthdays photos with me and gave me the "go-ahead" to share in my blog! She did a great job with the party decorations, too. Also, she offered me great advice. Since I cannot personalize every single printable item for you all (except the cupcake toppers), being that would eat up A LOT of my family time - and guess what, I have 3 daughters under the age of 4, Gina showed me how YOU can do it yourself! I don't understand why this didn't turn on a light bulb with me, but anyway - here's the advice.
Row6) k3,p3,k3 accross
As time passed and the teenage angst increased, I became rather wild and rebellious towards my adoptive parents and towards authoritative figures at school. I would drink with friends on weekend evenings and do the whole ‘hanging around street corners being loud and obnoxious’ thing. I went to pubs/bars when I was underage, I had relationships with boys/men and I became angry inside. I can’t explain this anger. I can HONESTLY say that I have never harboured any negative or resentful feelings toward my birth mother for the decision she made. I was also never resentful towards my adoptive parents. I was always grateful to them for being such good parents to me; therefore, explaining why I was so angry is difficult, because I don’t know why I felt this way or who I was angry with. Maybe it was because I had a lot of unanswered questions and I felt like I was going through an identity crisis.
I’m 27.
Keeping you from breakfast?
I always use Tweetdeck, and have always loved it. I just hope that Twitter takes a good care of the company.
The barges drift
I agree with *The Vicar of Dibley and prefer to think of **Mrs Letitia Cropley as a pioneer in the art of cooking. She tantalised the village with her trays of peanut butter and sardine sarnies, Marmite cakes and ham & cheese with lemon curd. These dishes are not as farfetched as they sound. The human palate is strange and imaginative encouraging us to eat all kinds of disgusting things. After all the Belgians love pomme frites with mayonnaise. The Thais slather peanut sauce on skewered chicken. The Mexicans put chocolate in their chilli. The Inuits of Greenland relish whole small auks sewn into fresh seal skins left to ferment in rock cairns for 3-18 months. The English love cheese with veins of blue mould running through it. Who are we to sniff up our noses with distaste?
But then there's this other kind of "favorite": books created a shift in my life--either how I understand the world or how I want to live in it. But these are not necessiarily the kinds of books one can read over and over. You read them, they change you. Were you to approach these texts again, you would not experience the same tectonic shift, because you're already different. But by golly, you sure want other people to experience that transformation, too.
Things are crazy around here. On top of all the other craziness, I got a call a few days ago. My job just ended suddenly as of this Friday. It was always meant to be temporary job, but the sudden termination was sort of unexpected. On top of my Dad getting remarried at 87, my world is rocking on its foundations.
THE EUROZONE SOVEREIGN debt crisis is interlinked with a Europe-wide banking crisis. In 2008, eurozone governments intervened to bail out a number of shaky banks. But they did not carry out the kind of large-scale recapitalisation of banks that took place in the US under the Troubled Asset Relief Programme. Only eight eurozone banks out of 91 failed the recent ‘stress tests’, a theoretical test to determine whether banks can withstand another financial crisis. The big investors and speculators, however, are not convinced that all the banks are healthy. In fact there was recently a leaked IMF report which said that eurozone banks need €273.2 billion of additional capital. Lagarde commented that the eurozone crisis was entering "a dangerous new phase" and called for part of the EFSF funds to be used to recapitalise banks. This provoked strong opposition, some from political leaders who object to EFSF funds being used to prop up banks, and some from the banks themselves which deny that they are in trouble.
1 TBS Worcestershire sauce
How has your weekend been? While the boys in our house were busy yesterday morning at rugby & rowing, I had a lovely time sewing away in my wee corner listening to Coldplay...it was wonderful! Hopefully I'll get the projects finished tomorrow so I'll have something to show you then.
I couldn’t be more impressed with Industry’s first app release. My colleagues and I can’t wait to see what else Industry has to offer as we wait in anticipation for their next release! Zip Zap… a triumph! Huzzah! A masterpiece! Dare we put it on the same plateau as the Mona Lisa and Mozart’s Lacrimosa? Does it sit alongside Les Miserables and the Statue of David? Does it have all the fixings to commandeer the Oscar from Schindler’s List?
Tell us a little about yourself. Like a lot of independently published authors, I am assuming writing is not yet a full time career. How do you pay the bills in between writing projects?
After a wonderful dinner we were back home all ready for bed and I snapped this pic of the tree with all the presents ready for Christmas day! Love our roaring fire?
This set the tone for the rest of the session.
She coped very well with the 6 hour-long trip in the back of the truck that she shared with the rest of her family and even though we had a number of stops along the way she was very glad to finally get out and really stretch her legs. Even though she did not compete she coped very well with the gunshot and watched everything with the same intensity as her grand-dam did when she was a puppy. We practised our heeling amidst all the distractions, and also practised sitting quietly at heel, watching the dogs working. She accepted fairly long periods of tethering while I was working one or other of the dogs which is a very important part of her learning, particularly since I will always have more than one dog to run, and will, from time to time be expected to judge.
Look for more blues this weekend as I paint the first Easter piece of the season, a large platter with either rabbits or hares, and possibly a few other creatures (we'll see how it evolves).
I made the tag with the new Framelits Labels Dies. The greeting, from the Got Treats stamp set, was stamped on a piece of Whisper White cardstock in Melon Mambo ink before being cut out with the right size Die. I punched out a tiny heart from Silver Glimmer Paper and adhered it to the bottom of the tag, then punched a hole in the top so I could tie the tag on with some Whisper White Baker's Twine.
The price of homes in the Coral Springs area is increasing.
Silly Mu and men that read it also . Like surpised by the jokes?
Erasmus (1466 — 1536) in particular has been adopted by the forces of Christian and post-Christian yin as the patron saint of the European Community and its socialist-multiculti-Islamocuddly doing away with itself. But while all three Christian greats and others in their vein were ecumenically oriented, liberalizing opponents of strict dogma and deeply learned humanists, their critical inquiry was bound in respect for tradition; their analytical reason, by faith in the transcendent; their ecumenism, by discrimination; and their humanism, by the concern for the survival and prosperity of their own kind.
The shepherds heard it beating, surrounded by a brilliant angel chorus. The sheep and goats heard it coming from their food trough, tiny coos from a bitty baby. And when I wonder how in the world can our little tiny light reach such a dark neighborhood, I remember that the Wise Men followed a single star that led them to the Savior.
Guys. I went into this book wanting to love it as much as every one I know did. They all said that Amy is your average teen that everyone can relate to, but I really couldn't- This was probably my biggest issue with Amy is that I couldn't understand her. At all- More than that, I didn't like her- or most of the other characters in the book. I got that she has low self-esteem, but she NEVER stood up for herself. EVER.
BF: (crosstalk) Look, I have to go, but what I’m telling you is this.
Already, we see this racial and religious division everywhere. Surveys suggest 40% of British Muslims wish to live under Sharia law. There are constant news items about the radicalisation of young Muslim males in Britain, we saw the rejoicing in the streets of GREAT BRITAIN after the mass murder on 9/11, constant news about thwarted terrorist attacks coming on top of the London transport suicide bombings that killed 52 and maimed 700, constant news about Mosques selling literature calling for the overthrow of Britain’s democracy, the murder of British Jews and homosexuals, the subjugation of the non-Muslim infidel and the desire to install a global Islamic caliphate.
Monday: 5 – Not a bad pre-work run. After resting on Saturday and using the elliptical on Sunday, my legs were feeling strong. Of course afterwords, the achilles and ankle started hurting again!
This causes a state of intense disillusionment. It is only natural then, in the face of this unexpected and unwelcome reality, that some women will feel drawn back to prostitution, where at least they knew the rules, understood the functioning, and could operate without the new and frighteningly unfamiliar social rules they have since had such trouble accustoming themselves to.
Because this is the part of the plant's genes which determines whether or not it can self-fertilize, plants ordinarily have two different versions of this gene. So say we have a plant, and it's carrying version 1 of this gene or genes on one chromosome, and version 2 of the gene on the other chromosome of that pair. (All six Schlumbergera species have eleven pairs of chromosomes.)
Mesh Around is another event starting soon, most specifically on the 1st of June until the 15th and this one is a gridwide hunt involving some of the best, new and not so new shops on the grid working with like the name says, mesh.
They are crazy up here in the U.P. and they talked me into being crazy too and not having an epidural.
The Reapers are tipped off about the Catalyst by the Illusive Man (more on why he would help the Reapers later) and are somehow able to move the Citadel from space and has it hovering over the city of London. This where the last mission, Priority Earth, becomes the most urgent and adrenaline rush mission you get. My final squad selection for this mission were Kaidan and Garrus. Shepard and your squad have to fight through the army the Reapers have created in London to get close to the beam leading up into the Citadel. As Shepard and your squad races to the beam, you watch people get blasted by Harbinger’s death beam (Harbinger being a character from Mass Effect 2). At some point, the beam hits or nearly hits Shepard and she blacks out. When my Shepard comes to, her armor is charred with cuts and bruises on her body and is near death at this point but she manages to get up and limp the rest of the way to the beam. For some reason you don’t know where your squad members are, but it doesn’t matter when the goal is to get to the Catalyst. Instead of any big, bad boss fight in the end to further hamper your way to the Catalyst you get to shoot some husks running at you before taking out the final enemy which is a Marauder Shield––easy enemies you have been fighting off as target practice in preparation for the big battle.
Me: If you want to be in charge of the laundry, Mr Fussy Sock Matcher, go ahead.
NANCY GOSLEE POWERS: Landscape Architect
If you would like to read more about those subjects I welcome you to visit my website at
All it takes is a flicker.
Thank you again Mary and Kate! and thank you Etsy for having them blog!!
Last time it was mostly about dehydration and it was a quick visit. This time it was like a double bonus round. I think in general, I tend to be dehydrated, I had been consistently nauseated, and I had consistently been in pain. Putting all those three together, I couldn't maintain any of those by myself and felt overwhelmed.
. . . challenges me like nothing else.
According to its Director of Communications, Susan Obleski, as of mid-June the Susquehanna River Basin Commission has approved withdrawals from the Susquehanna River Basin of 98 million gallons a day. (That certainly puts the initial 0.25 million requested by Exxon from the Delaware River basin in perspective.) The withdrawals are predominantly of surface water although some underground water is being taken. The figure does not include water that the companies take from the public water systems, which they take without such permits. It also doesn't mean that the approved amount is currently being withdrawn. Not accounting for what is withdrawn from public water systems that amount is currently less. The 98 million gallons per day withdrawal approval figure is good for five years.
If you made it all the way to the end of the post, I have a request for you. I need some Bible Verses that relate to where we are right now. I would love it if you would send some my way!!!
Did they cuff you when they brought you in? Were they rude to you? Did they racially or homophobically abuse you? Didn’t get fed? Cell too cold? You are decent folk who don’t want to make a fuss but trust me, it pays to whinge and no matter how trivial and / or poorly founded your complaint there are people who will uncritically listen to you and try and prove the complaint on your behalf. Some of them are even police officers. Nothing like a complaint to muddy the waters and suggest that you are only in court because the vindictive Cops have a grudge against you. Far fetched? Wait until your solicitor spins it in court and you come over as Ghandi.
Bennett: Hey Vanya!
It was a great and beautiful day, but also a sad one.
It makes my meat loaf
A stair carpet runner will add pizazz and style to your abode. They can be costly or nearly cost free depending on your needs and technical abilities.
“Is that all your calls today?” Ted demands his eyes possessed looking.
All-in-all, I believe the benefits of social media are hard to decipher and classify. However, I wanted to showcase an assortment of ways that social networking can benefit companies of all sizes. Who knows, maybe you will experience the benefits first hand and create a tangible way of classifying your own social advantages.
You guys are awesome. Thanks for supporting HBB!
According to a report by Reuters, the Moon follows an elliptical path around Earth with one side, or perigee, about 31,000 miles closer than the other, or apogee.
This spring, she asked me if we could paint her room,
In the second part post I am going to be talking about the mass, velocity, and energy of projectiles launched from firearms; as well as some details about ammunition.
Marine engineering staff also deal with the “hotel” facilities onboard, notably the sewage, lighting, air conditioning and water systems. Engineering staff manage bulk fuel transfers and require training in firefighting and first aid. Additional duties include maintaining the ship’s boats and performing other nautical tasks. Engineers play a key role in cargo loading/discharging gear and safety systems, though the specific cargo discharge function remains the responsibility of deck officers and deck workers.
called a real Brooklyn “character”.
Poor Pleasance. What a godawfully atrocious last movie role this was. You can see his career dying with him every second he's in this movie. Every line he says is painstakingly labored and sluggish, completely forced and slow, and he just really sucks. I'm sorry I have to say that, but...there you go. Damn you Halloween 6, do you know no bounds of wretchedness? Do you have any mercy at all? You made me say Donald Pleasance sucks! My soul is forever scarred.
Introduced to North America by early colonists, yarrow soon became a valued remedy used by many tribes of indigenous people. American Shakers gathered yarrow for use in numerous medicinal preparations. The plant was listed in the official U.S. Pharmacopoeia from the mid- to late nineteenth century.
Technical: This time a simple one. Work with the opacity + saturation to bring more color to the stock picture. Added a few brushes, next I worked with some textures and as a final touch I tried this new thingy called Actions I recently download for Photoshop and I must say I’m quite addicted to them now, makes designs a lot more easier to make in matters of color effects and all.
Well it has been a longgg couple of months with the craziness of graduate school...and I have to say it probably won't settle down for a couple weeks until I hear about where I get an internship for the fall BUT I did finish with my first year of graduate school and I think that calls for a celebration (and a blog post!)
Miss Universe third runner-up Shamcey Supsup met with President Aquino Sunday night at the Ninoy Aquino International Airport’s VIP lounge before he left for the United States. The beauty queen’s courtesy call on the President took place at the NAIA because of his very tight schedule. The only person with a tighter sked is Shamcey.
No backlinking to older posts
A correspondent has emailed The 1709 Blog to ask if it knows anything about Takedown Piracy, which he describes as a "new business model of our times: the outsourced DMCA takedown bounty-hunter".
What do you do to keep this from happening? Someone told me that a teacher (in our district I think) tells the kids at the beginning of the year that if they have a name tag that looks new at the end of the year they will get a full size candy bar. I don't normally bribe the kids with candy, but with about 30 students next year that could get to be a bit cost prohibitive. Then what do you do for the student who moves in during February? Only give them half a candy bar? I can see some problems.
Cletus hurriedly made his way up the gravel lane leading to the DooLittle place as the persistent sound of gunfire grew louder ... soon he was steering the shiny police vehicle through the gate, and as he cautiously approached the DooLittle house there sat Grandpa in his rocking chair on the front porch peering vigilantly into the woods ... a look of dismay upon his craggy face ... his trusty Stevensen resting upon his bony knees ... spent shell casings scattered everywhere ... suddenly the old man brought the heavy weapon to his shoulder and leveled it in the direction of a thick clump of bull-briers Booom! Booom!! ... "what on earth is wrong with you DooLittle?! ... what are you shootin' at anyhow? cried the stunned policeman, his ears ringing from the thunderous blasts ... "why didn't you see him VanMeter? replied Grandpa ... then once again unexpectedly BOOOM! BOOOOOM!! ... Cletus tried to cover his ears with his hands, unfortunately a split-second too late, and was now certain that his eardrums had been split to shreds ... Cletus immediately sprung onto the porch and wrestled the smoking gun from the bare-knuckled grip of Grandpa DooLittle "now I demand to know ... what the devil are you shootin' at old man ... answer me?!" ... Grandpa pointed in the direction of the woods "are you blind VanMeter? ... cain't you see him? ... Deputy VanMeter slowly and deliberately scanned the wood line from end to end but saw nothing of significance "I don't see nothin' but trees and bushes Grandpa ... so what were you shootin' at?" ... Grandpa's answer was unflinchingly and unabashedly succinct "that thar green-clad lepr'chan!" ... well Deputy Sheriff Cletus A. VanMeter straightaway took a more thorough gander towards the woods! ... when the lawman turned back he discovered what he thought was the likely cause of Grandpa's "lepr'chan" sighting plainly sitting there between the feet of the elderly gunslinger ... an empty 2-gallon stone jug ... of which the intoxicating contents had been gradually transferred during the course of the afternoon down the gullet and into the gaping innards of Grandpa DooLittle ... who was duly and soundly intoxicated!
Oh, never call it loving!
Sprinkle with Parmesan cheese and paprika if desired.
When we set out to alter this well-established setup, nothing works, and we become frustrated by our lack of power. Eventually we just sit and wonder what’s going on. All we can determine is that it feels like we’re watching ourselves — and this inability to interact feels like powerlessness. But it’s exactly this ability to observe ourselves that creates our existence. Without this awareness, how else would we know we’re alive, we’d be like rocks. This is not a lack of power, it’s the power to create life.
To be humbled in Iceland
Water Brush or Paint Brush and Water
I am thinking ____________________________________________ .
240g frozen corn kernels
Judge # 3 - No Report.
Yahushua told them that everyone that His Father gives Him will come to Him and who ever comes to Him, He would not turn away. These are the chosen and these are the called. This is as forthright a statement of the paradox of predestination and free will as can be found. The Father has given certain people to Yahushua. How does one find out if they are one of them? Everyone is given free will and can choose and come to Him because they have Yahushua’s promise that He would not turn anyone away. When one seeks Him they will find Him, when they seek Him with all their heart. Yahushua is available to anyone who is hungry and thirsty for the Bread of Life.
These are my feets. If you look at the left one you can see that my toes and joints are all straight and point forward and the joint on the side is rounded. Then, notice how on the right, my big and second toes curve inward and to the right and the joint juts out sharply.
Whoa, whoa. An official link-up? I think I'm getting ahead of myself here.
We come now to encounters and combat, perhaps the most complex aspect of the whole game rules-wise, albeit in relative terms. This section of the pdf covers initial situation and the various reactions, and has an optional less random system for initiative which mixes things up a little. Certain details, like movement rates, may leave some scratching their heads, but the short section on adventuring at the end of the file, or a careful re-read, should hold the answers. Also, while the section covers additional aspects of combat fully, including fumbling or jamming, critical hits and the potential for instant death, there's no clear overview, so if you are new to this kind of game, I suggest reading through it all before attempting to understand any one element.
a nice reading on The Self and Synchronicity
So, in addition to keeping the kids busy I am on a mission to increase my score. Sad? Maybe, but very true. I am really, really annoyed by my lack of athletic prowess at this ....sport???
However, addressing dysfunctions within a dominant coalition can be among the most risky for a consultant. As with any performance review, it is not enough to generally identify a perceived problem. Specific examples must be provided, but done so in a manner that allows members of the coalition to save face. Often this means allowing coalition members a significant role in developing process-oriented solutions, while not forcing a “whose fault is it” discussion of the problems.
I have two new publishers, two new series coming and high expectations for this next part of my career. I hope you will join me on my journey about my writing life, my life in general and my experiences as a volunteer at the local animal shelter and the humane society. I’ll try to make it interesting.
Most puzzling is McCombes’s account of the political partnership between him and Sheridan. He claims “no trace of acrimony” between the two until 2004 and insists Sheridan confessed to him in late 2002 that he had indeed visited Cupids sex club in Manchester.
The modern man asleep at the wheel.
By continuing to grow the federal deficit in the Obama manner, the Administration is stealing from future generations (assuming the debt is someday repaid, a stretch) or else from debt holders (who will be forced to take pennies on the dollar paybacks).
(I have to stop now to mention that my father just walked in the front door wearing no pants. I should ask questions but it would kill the holiday magic.)
You would think that I would lose a pound a week or so just from giving up regular sodas, even if I didn't do any other diet stuff. But that doesn't seem to be happening.
Our two ideas: Pajamas Get an F? and The Schoolroom Isn’t Their Bedroom
The Ignorant Noob
The court learnt that the man was teaching Mathematics at the secondary school during which he added the girl as a contact on Facebook to obtain her mobile number.
I know I shouldn't blame myself, and I really don't. But it's hard not to ask "why?" and it's hard not to wonder if I could have done something differently. Her last words to me made it clear that she considered me a friend - did she not trust in that friendship enough to confide in me? Or was she trying to reach out but couldn't find the words? Or was she grasping for a lifeline that day and I failed to notice?
“Please create cute independent children to love,”
For the fan this is of course remastered along with added essay on the band but perhaps adding a DVD of some live highlights would have made it a real ‘must have’ for fans.
The creature that dwelled deep inside Lyca forest was one that was simply evil. It was the worst type of creature, the one all the other bad creatures cross the road to avoid passing. It was thirteen and a half feet tall, and that was with the hump in its back that caused it to lean over at a slight angle to the right. It was clothed in robes that hooded the creature, that were of a most bottomless and hopeless black and ripped and torn as if they had been through barbed wire. Its face was one of terror incarnate, with entirely white eyes, slits for nostrils and a wide, gaping pit for a mouth that constantly hung open as if it were howling with misery. It had teeth that were broken and jagged, skin that seemed to not be large enough to fit its face and therefore appeared stretched and peeling. It was, in short, horrifying.
"Unwritten"
of course not. it's not healthy to let a child run roughshod over... well, anyone. parents included. i will still make naptime available, as always, but i have to respect what is if it's just not working despite trying.
End scene and fade to black.
The Airport Sheraton once again hosts the conference (one of the largest in the US). Based on my past attendance, the hotel staff do a phenomenal job managing the demands of the large crowd. The Sheraton offers room discounts for conference attendees, and it's accessible by mass transit.
Review by the children of class 5J and Mrs Jones
Q: You know I’m going to write this in a story right?
A nice spring feeling with a new floral cami from SMS and new jeans from Sn@tch. The butterfly crown is also new, at the Fantasy Fair: there are 2 animated butterflies, that gently flap their wings. The necklace from Yummy isn’t new, but very pretty, with little gold butterflies on a chain.
Given that the preamble to the Massachusetts State Bar’s Rules of Professional Conduct states that “a lawyer is a representative of clients, an officer of the legal system, and a public citizen having special responsibility for the quality of justice,” Murphy’s behavior raises some serious questions:
To their mind this is not what British workers are supposed to do, our leaders have spent years training and intimidating us with the 'R' word to the point where we no longer dare to question their great scheme. We are supposed to sit at home cheering for black football players and voting for non whites to represent Britain in the Eurovision song contest and to accept without complaint whatever ordure the great and good chose to pour on us in the furtherance of their aim of irrevocably changing our homeland.
And remember what Marilyn used to say : We are all stars and we deserve to twinkle.
that the world still isn’t fair
Holeman said police had no new leads Monday morning and that Zinkhan still has not been spotted.Take a good look at the picture, and remember: still at large, do not approach.
In her own words: Quite simply I'm a Brit who was whisked off by a knight in shining armour (well, an accountant) to live in the USA some twenty years ago. We now have three kiddy-winkies and a mutt with selective hearing.
Geoff Bowden (Barnsley Independent Group) 458
Peter fell to the ground; his whole body was stricken with a coldness that went far beyond his body. His very soul seemed frozen. His warm delight at being a martyr for God was gone; it was replaced by a terror of the dark void beyond death. The whole idea of God became foreign to his intellect, and his will cried out for escape. Simon saw all of this and smiled, his mouth grew tighter and tighter as if getting ready to welcome Peter in Hell. He spoke aloud, “Peter, I ask you for the final time, will you deny Jesus Christ?”
But for strength, that we may ever
Thanks for stopping by and be sure to check out what the Divas below have for you today. AND don't forget to leave some love for a chance to WIN THESE STAMP SETS!! Winners will be announced at our Anni-VERVE-sary Bash Release Party that night. And for even more chances to win new stamps, play along with our Anni-VERVE-sary sketch challenges, going on this week in our forum!
17.07.08 US Northampton, The Elevens - TBC
He looks like a Rome. She imagined him dressed in armor and chains, leading an army of men with no thought to being disobeyed. Imagined him standing over the bed of a naked woman, ready to enjoy his spoils.
But once we were under the shade of the pines and changed into our swim trunks, we saw that swimming would be impossible. Out on the landing, where the sand sloped into the cool green lake, hundreds of cottonmouths sunned on the rocks and darted through the water. You flushed and looked for a place to sit, but they were everywhere around us, and even as we went back under the pine trees, we saw them under the tables and curled around the fire pit, slithering through the brush, moving through the shadows, all around where we had left our clothes.
When it comes to digital advertising, small business owners (SMBs) must wade through a lot of industry jargon. Today, they have to make sense of words like SoLoMo, and tomorrow, they’ll be evaluating marketing options with terms such as InstaLikes.
● Work with national, regional and local governments and public
When Peace was far away—
Classic children's fiction for the 8-12 age group demands adventure, and the first book in John Dougherty's Bansi O'Hara series offers thrills and dangers aplenty.
Nor did little blue birds form a halo around her head
Today is Good Shepherd Sunday… We hear Psalm 23 and the section from John 10 that Jesus describes Himself as the Good Shepherd…
While I was working out in the garden this afternoon I discovered to my delight a little green tree frog sunning himself right next to my frog statue in the herb garden. This is the first tree frog I've seen at this house, and spotting the little guy made me really happy because it means that the garden is starting to be able to support wildlife.
25. What was the best book you read?
Lunch today- Egg Salad and oranges
Active media consumption is the emerging model for media consumption, where we have to make our choices without someone providing our options to us. Music is just one example. Netflix uses this model for television and movie consumption.* To a certain extent, Amazon has done the same for books. Even traditional broadcasting companies are jumping on board by allowing you to watch new episodes of many shows online or through an iPad app almost immediately after they first air. We’re still in transition to this new media model, but you can clearly see it happening every year.
Yesterday I did some catching up on my google reader and noticed that The Loonie Stampers Challenge is back up and running after their summer break. The theme picked by Wendy last week was School Theme. That inspired me to post this little project I finished over the summer.
Tiny white splotches dotting otherwise healthy-looking pink nails are not normally a sign of anything serious. Most often, those spots are the manifestation of some type of trauma to the nail. If you injure the nail matrix—the area at the base of the nail where new nail cells are created—you’ll see the results of that trauma show up as white spots as the nails grow out. But since it takes several weeks for those new nail cells to grow out to a place on the nail plate where the injury is visible, chances are that by time you notice a white spot, you may have forgotten the nail-slamming incident that caused it. But if you’re certain you didn’t injure your nails and you are noticing recurring white spots, there are several other causes—including the skin conditions psoriasis and eczema, or a diet that’s deficient in the mineral zinc (found in whole grains, poultry and seafood).
That was Hayden's idea. He's not sure where he heard the name, but he knows he likes it. For now, we're calling her that. It has a nice ring to it, don't you think? Sassy for short.
so you could go and terrorize
18. Ayumi Ishida - Yuwakuteki Na Gogo
Bronchitis is working its way out of my system and I am looking forward to an easy week of easing back into my running groove. Jim gets back Tuesday night (He has been in Las Vegas for a work trip for the past several days) and Noah and I are looking forward to seeing him. It has definitely been a little harder being sick and not having the extra help.
Carol brought a really beautiful card to show this week. White with splashes of orange - I totally love the Marianne Design border dies and the way Carol used them - combine that with those gorgeous flowers, the bow made with such pretty striped ribbon and a heart shaped button to finish it off, a stunning result! I'd be so delighted if I'd made this Carol, it's elegant and striking at the same time.
The "V" Word: Say it. Eat it. Live it.
How is everybody doing?
That's better.
Anyway, whether you need to understand your text messages better, believe the whole English-speaking world will go leet one day, or (like me) you just get a kick out of anything speech related, here’s the link. Translate away.
next time you are held hostage in your house, you too should make this lovely sauce. "they" say it will last indefinitely in the pantry. (who "they" are, i'm not quite sure, but i'm going to trust "them" on this one.)
2 1/2 - 3 c. powdered sugar
So we flew to California last week. On the way out there, Leo got to sit next to the OCD guy who liked to whistle. And then hum. And then whistle some more.
1/2 tsp Cream of Tartar
If you have been reading my blog for awhile, you may have come to understand how I love scrapbooking, documenting family life with pictures, and family history.
This beer pours a hazy golden color with one finger's worth of off-white head that faded quickly into decent spotty lacing. The nose hits pretty nicely on this beer and is full of pine, grapefruit, and other citrus spice, and only really a touch of caramel malt base on the nose. The flavor starts with plenty of hop bitterness followed by a big rush of citrus fruit and resinous pine flavor. The bitterness upfront settled down a bit about half way down my glass and then the caramel malt really provided a decent balance to the hops. I think this beer was brewed with only Columbus hops, but if anyone knows for sure please let me know. The wasn't much carbonation in this offering and it left an almost astringent bitterness lingering after the swallow. I am fine with that, but I can see how others would not like that in the finish. I think one bomber was just about perfect for me, and I would very much like to try the other IPA styles from Flossmoor.
While Leah's parents fight to save their daughter from destroying her brilliant future, Leah's younger sister, Justine, must cope with the damage her out-of-control sibling leaves in her wake. Will this family survive? What happens when love just isn't enough?
Want your kids to eat healthier? Cook! Cook with them, cook in front of them, cook with healthy organic foods and teach them how to grow up eating healthy. Start those habits early. Shop with them. My son was curious about a veggie and as a result, I learned how to cook it.
But for the time being, get use to the lumping of ‘failed policies’ mantra.
Although I may not have developed a fear of falling rats, I did from then on show a healthy respect for overhead infestations, as well the leaping ability of our furry friends and the overatedness of thermos flasks.
You will know that I didn’t want you to leave
But its coming people. Its coming.
Continued:
Once you think you’ve kneaded it enough, put the dough into an oiled bowl to prove. The first proving should be for around an hour, or until its doubled in size. I couldn’t detect a massive size difference in my dough post-proving and thought that the recipe had gone disastrously wrong at this stage. But I carried on regardless, and after about an hour I transferred the dough into a rectangular tin lined with parchment paper. Push the dough to the corners of the tin, and push your fingers into the dough to give it the dimpled focaccia appearance.
Me: You can call him a pussy if you want to.
Brown bottles filter out the light at these wavelengths and so protect the beer. Clear bottles don't; neither do green bottles. And although commercial beer isn't likely actually to sit out in the sun for any length of time, there is UV light in indoor florescent lighting as well. So although the required exposure time is longer, the effect can be the same: a degraded product over time.
Then I was asked my final opinion on the race, if the Democratic primary were held tomorrow.
Now, I thought that maybe it was the dressing. Or the croutons. Or the bacon bits.
A woman is someone who has to be courageous – when the man she is with cannot be the man he is supposed to be for her.
The language of the future is just as unpredictable as the fashion sense of their generation. But instead of taking this as a roadblock, I’ve made up a few of my own words and given an alternate meaning to common words. For even though the words will change, a teen’s need to be different and possess their own vocabulary will not.
* Got married and left therapy. I had been “at it” for almost 4 years….time for a break anyway. Had sort of done all I could at the time. Achieved much needed stabilzation from the therapy, and the Zoloft I eventually got on was a bonus. But I knew…someday…there would be more to do.
molly cate!
Shaun Burnie
Yes, I have been told that I need a blog. Something to keep the masses up to date on my poetry, performances, my first chapbook. And everything else that involves being me. Cool.
“Ha? Teka lang 5 mins”
...a little growth, still in the 20th percentile for your weight, but your head sure got big!...
Those who talk about a June 9 general election obviously have no idea of what’s happening in Sabah and Sarawak.
Take him in your lap.
Today is May Day. I think you are suppose to leave flowers on someone's doorstep. And try to get away before they catch you. If they do catch you leaving them flowers, you get a kiss.
i posed you and your brother together under our dying christmas tree.
She’s the girl reading while waiting in that coffee shop down the street. If you take a peek at her mug, the non-dairy creamer is floating on top because she’s kind of engrossed already. Lost in a world of the author’s making. Sit down. She might give you a glare, as most girls who read do not like to be interrupted. Ask her if she likes the book.
Here's the entrance into get into our phase...
Will chuckled. "Okay, you got us. We made the journey at three in the morning. You girls were passed out sleeping."
But we have a few Roald Dahl books here I’m temped to just read myself ha ha. I also like the Dear Dumb Diary books, that neither of my girls cared for. So maybe you`ll see me on the beach or in the park with my face in a children`s book…and guess what I LOVE EM!
Sing with me, just for today
Recent polls have shown that many Americans think the economy is still in recession, and that more people have confidence in Romney than in Obama when it comes to spurring growth. The economy tops the list of issues most on voters’ minds. At his first major rallies of the 2012 campaign, the president explicitly sought to steer the debate over the weekend away from the classic political question “are you better off than you were four years ago?” and asked Americans to “keep believing in me.”
Hello, my friends. I'm not so sure that I like this new format that blogger has. What was wrong with the other one?
You plant and grow your own herbs, indoors, near your kitchen or outdoors in your front or back yard because of its usefulness. Now, you’ve been successful in your domestic herb or home herb garden, but how about managing it or making use of it? In this aspect, we need to do some ‘little work’ for us to achieve our objective.
Sweet yearning is the rose we meet on our path
You can communicate with your guardian angel through a number of ways and most of the time you have to open your third eye. People usually go to psychics to help them communicate with their guardian angels because the psychics possess the “third eye”. Though that is effective, you have to pay a certain payment to get their services. Moreover, that can be a little expensive. Most of the time people take matter into their own hands and seek their guardian angels themselves. We are of course talking about meditation. In addition, the experts say that this is the for sure way to communicate with one’s guardian angel.
I love that everybody looks ill in this cousin picture. Gracious sakes, we are in that season of life, I'm afraid.
Nietzsche’s overall attitude towards the theses of The Genealogy is contradictory. He exposes quite neatly and perceptively how so many supposedly noble ideas – good, evil, guilt, conscience, justice, purity, selflessness, etc. – are really methods of torment and cruelty concocted so as to maintain and defend oppression and inequality. Yet at the same time, he is clearly more enthusiastic about inequality and oppression than about almost anything else – his whole philosophy is geared towards a love for anyone who can and will treat other people like dirt and control them. And so in this sense his ‘unmasking’ of moral fictions is really a defense of them.
This is the best time of year for taking photos in the garden which usually inspires me to start a new flower painting- lately, the peonies have been calling to me!
I'm no shrinking violet, but I have met more people in real life by first making contact with them on Twitter than I ever realized I would! People in my own city with whom I might rarely cross paths but who shop at the same stores I do, walk the same streets. And so what if you did pass someone in the stairway of the parking garage? Would you really take the opportunity to get to know them? Certainly not. But because of Twitter, I know that guy in the stairway is actually Ed, he lives one street over from me and his wife likes reading! So I say "Hi Ed!" and he says "Hi Liz!" and we both win at being humans in real life. The local connection is vital. On Twitter we all talk about traffic, weather, what is that parade going by my window right now? It's like the walkie talkies I had as a kid, except back then no-one was out there to answer my 10-4 good buddy.
And your donation to my everlasting youth is greatly appreciated.
So this organised person has now done another clean out of the closet and playroom, finding clothes and toys and other things to donate to all of these people who have lost everything. It's a very sad time for these people and they need to be in our thoughts and our prayers to get through this incredibly difficult time.
My advice is to evaluate your sales team and find out the reality you face and build from there with the proper expectations.
It always amazes me that the kids can do this. They really can! Even after a doughnut or two. Even after hanging out in the game room, where ping pong balls whiz across the room and it's too loud to hear yourself think.
Melchizedek Priesthood: The authority to preside in the church and administer the higher ordinances of the church. The priesthood is organized just as it was in Jesus’ time. Consequently, the church was governed by high priest councils until 1834, and then in 1835 the First Presidency was organized and the Quorum of the Twelve Apostles was added. The addition of the office of Seventy completed the organization of the priesthood, though God took the next 150 years to tweak the organization, organizing, dropping, redefining, and reassigning the Seventies until He got it perfect sometime in the 1990s.
This is an early favourite of mine
I enjoyed this. It was a simple story but the performances as usual lifted it up. My God, Bill was a baby in this movie (I mean, by his looks). And I hear there was tons of criticism about his performance but I didn’t see anything wrong with it. Again, it was jarring more because he didn’t look like he usually does and yes, maybe he overacted a bit but there were times that really fit the character of Joe. Joe was pretty torn about his desires. I think this was my first time seeing Barbara Stanwyck and I liked her but the romance aspect wasn’t my favorite part. And Cobb was completely unrecognizable and his performance was great as well (I also keep thinking he’s someone else, oops). I thought the final boxing match was shot beautifully and the ending was moving.
A mockup of the Entebbe airport was assembled in the desert based on Mossad intelligence. The raid—dubbed Operation Thunderbolt—was practiced over and over and over. The clock was ticking. And time was not on the side of the hostages.
40 Avenue Duquesne, Paris 7th # 01 53 86 09 09
In addition to naming Bennett to the Director post, Beam also named long-time employees Linda Hayes, as the Center’s Trade and Hospitality Manager, and Debbie Faust as Still House and Outpost Manager. Hayes, a Beam veteran with more than 30 years at the company, will oversee the overall visitor experiences for special guests. Faust, who started as the Beam Outpost Manager in 2006, will oversee the Center’s retail operation.
hey there strangers.
I'm so glad to be back crafting!!! I promised myself I would take at least one hour a day to work on a project or post a blog, so now on to crafting.
And yet, the one positive through all this is that I don’t look old. I don’t look 42. I look ten years younger. Clean and healthy living, see?
Shahid can be called Mr. Dependable when it comes to his friends at least. He has always been around for ex-flame Priyanka Chopra whenever she needed him. We just hope, the sweetheart that he is, Shahid finds his true love soon.
I danced with too many people to mention them all but I have to mention some.
The older brother had to go to town, so he helped the carpenter get the materials ready and then he was off for the day. The carpenter worked hard all that day measuring, sawing, nailing, and hammering.About sunset when the farmer returned, the carpenter had just finished his job. The farmer’s eyes opened wide, his jaw dropped. There was no fence there at all.
The miraculous reproduction system of Rheobatrachus silus explicitly invalidates the theory of evolution, since the whole system is irreducibly complex. Every step has to take place fully in order for the frogs to survive. The mother has to swallow the eggs, and has to stop feeding completely for six weeks. The eggs have to release a hormonelike substance to neutralize stomach acids. The addition of the extra protein-rich yolk to the egg is another necessity. The widening of the female’s oesophagus cannot be coincidental. If all these things failed to happen in the requisite sequence, the froglets would not survive, and the species would face extinction.
“It specifically cautions against using the Enneagram, which in recent years has enjoyed some popularity among Christian groups and has even been promoted by some Catholic religious communities. The Enneagram, a pseudo-psychological exercise supposedly based on Eastern mysticism, introduces ambiguity into the doctrine and life of the Christian faith and therefore cannot be happily used to promote growth in an authentic Christian spirituality.”
For the moment, anyway, there is no provision in the Rules for the role of disclosure assessor. Like so much else, however, there is no reason why parties should not appoint such a person by private agreement in an appropriate case, ”appropriate” generally implying that time and costs are to be saved by the joint instruction of a neutral person to stand between the parties, with an understanding of the Rules, the parties’ objectives and the techniques (a wider concept than mere technology) which might be used to cut down the disclosure burden.
inventory stocked.
I think of the the way humpback whales breach the sea with a snort from their blowholes and a wave of their flukes, and I remember how the water erased all signs of their passage moments after they dove again. Is that how it is for us? Do we slip crying breath into this world only to disappear, all traces lost when our time is done?
The study, authored by consultant Chetan Sharma, examined approximately 7 million patents granted both by the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office and the European Patent Office. The data revealed that the U.S. saw a 390 percent increase in mobile technology patent grants, while the European market witnessed a 173 percent increase. Companies with the largest mobile technology patent portfolios include Samsung, Microsoft, IBM, Qualcomm, RIM, Oracle, Apple, Google, and Amazon.
He argued that Obama has shown no authenticate evidence to the New Jersey Secretary of State demonstrating who he is and that he was born in the United States. Apuzzo also argued that as a matter of law, Obama is not a “natural born Citizen” because he was born to a father who was not a U.S. citizen.
We sat in a booth toward the back of the restaurant. The place was about half-full. Diners sipped coffee and scooped up eggs (it was still before 10 a.m. on a Saturday — we were just early for lunch). I looked at a menu that had probably 100 possible items. My mom knew what she wanted: a hot pastrami. Coming in I debated between a reuben or a hot pastrami. I went with the latter. Meat is piled 2 inches high and sandwiched between fresh and sturdy rye. This pastrami has the right amount amount of salt; not overdone, which makes it hard to resist eating the whole thing. I left half of a half. The cole slaw is dusted with caraway and has a mild zing from vinegar. Our waitress brought three types of mustard (sweet hot, spicy brown and Russian hot) to go with the yellow bottle already on the table.
Location: The group allegedly conspired to use explosives to destroy the four-lane Brecksville-Northfield High Level Bridge that crosses a national park, near Cleveland
Trafficking for the purpose of commercial sexual exploitation is common throughout Pakistan. Reports show that there is a trend of Bangladeshi girls and women between the ages of 12 and 35 brought into Karachi, where the buying and selling of trafficked women and girls takes the form of auctions. There is often a family lineage of prostitution particularly among lower caste families and girls may be pimped by their own mothers. In eastern Pakistan and Afghanistan, daughters of prostitutes particularly in the red-light district are outfitted with a natli (nose ring) at birth. When they reach puberty bidders vie to remove the natli, winning bids often exceed $1,000.
We used some bronze spray paint on all of the hardware, so it's still dated, but it looks better.
My wife bought me a non-dive watch for father’s day a couple months after I had sold off all of my dive watches. It is not a known name, not automatic, and not expensive, but it is the most valuable watch I have ever owned, because someone I love took the time to go out and pick it out for me. All of the others I chose, they were self-service, and they meant nothing in the grand scheme of things.
Arisa: An interesting character if not actually likeable. I don’t have to like a character to enjoy them. Her role was interesting, her motives and plans varied even if the cause for them wasn’t really established all that well… she wasn’t a bad character.
This leads to the film’s most common criticism, that it cheaps out on showing the horror that a viewer presumably expects to see based on the cover art. Unsurprisingly, I disagree. I love zombie flicks, but they’re samey in their special effects and “shocking” gore notes. They’re almost comforting that way, like a bedtime story you’ve heard read a hundred times…assuming your father was Jeffrey Dahmer. If a character on a crackly phone line describes an undead mob converging on a victim, I’ve got the mental image in place by the fourth word. If that mob is dog-piling on a family’s car while imitating windshield-wiper blades…I’ve got to work a little harder for it, and when the visual finally clicks…hoo boy. There’s no filmed scene that could ever match up.
I'm not going to go into all of the details about the wedding. I'm just too busy at work for all that. I'll post pictures once I get them from the photographer - who by the way was amazing!
4) Accept that I’ll have to go for a full 4 semesters plus a summer and take 4 classes in the Fall of 2012, 4 classes in the Spring of 2013, 2 classes in the Summer of 2013, 4 classes in the Fall of 2013 and 4 classes in the Spring of 2014 = 18 classes. Spring of 2014?! No. I don’t want to wait that long. Not to mention, that would then have me graduating in May, when most school districts start hiring in May and June for the next school year. I would be a recent graduate, with no experience, stressing over taking the state exam to get my certification at the same time I’m looking for a job. Can we say overwhelming?
God—remind us of our wholeness.
The third day: "Heads Don’t Match Bodies".
Warmest regards and hope your coffee was perfect this a.m. I'm sipping mine as I type from my bed with my MARTHA STEWART magazines that just came in the mail while I was responding. Now I can find cool things like bowls of lemons and stuff ; )
"My Heart Leap Up."
The roof had crashed in flames onto their bodies, cremating them in front of my eyes.
it is in FULL Florida sunshine
I developed an interest in writing that has evolved into a passion. I can't do as much as I want to (or the kind I want to do) but that doesn't stop me. I am not saying what I am working on right now- that's my secret- but I'll say that my passion for writing has only grown.
In our empty rooms 410
TLDR: Don’t rely on out-sourced story-tellers; Bring JoJ back, you can use both it and other story telling avenues; Don’t follow other companies’ false philosophy of ignoring lore and story.
"Mexico," I said. "I'm a city girl, Yuji."
I’m not saying that I’m any good at it, but I have always loved to write. I love how writing helps me to get my ideas and plans straight in my head and makes some sort of order and sense of the random jumble of dot points in my brain.
I set the alarm for 8am. I was due at rehearsal at 10 am. It is only 20 minutes away, but I knew it would take that extra time to convince myself to get out of bed.
Working with the cast and crew on-set was a great experience. Everyone worked well together even though some scenes where hot and stuffy. The cast was lively, great to chat with and we cracked some jokes. Lee Sales is a great director, I thought things ran smooth without too many upsets. I’m sure that I will work with the cast and crew again in the future for another successful movie.
The issue has fallen into entirely predictable lines with accusations of sexism and demeaning women on one hand and humourlessness on the other, and I've no intention of rehashing it here. Personally, I'm not too concerned about this name, although there have been one or two names over the years that I disliked. Not all women find such names offensive - one of my female friends delights in ordering Top Totty when it's on at our local, and Tory MP Tracey Crouch twittered "Why is a beer called Top Totty offensive & now banned from Commons? Not as if it is called Middle-Ranking Totty" - but I think we have to accept that some women do. It's no good throwing around accusations of humourlessness, which isn't actually true anyway as we all have different ideas of what's funny.
And putting the entry in decreases the odds for the other Applicants, all of whom met the Entry Requirements.
I woke up sometime after midnight to put myself to bed. I almost blogged the dream then because it was so vivid, and I kind of wish I had because I'm sure I've forgotten parts now. But it truly was classic.
This is all very new for me. Despite my antics so far in 2012, this is the first time I’ve found myself in a dating situation. Mr Music (as much as I liked him) dicked me about. Funnily enough, he called when Mr Double-Barrel and I were in a cab on our way to the club to find out if I was still out and when I told him I was with Mr Double-Barrel, I got an ‘oh’ in response. Oh well. Time waits for no-one. That said, it would’ve been nice for me to flaunt myself in front of him because I’d made probably the most amount of effort with my appearance in my life. A little part of me wanted payback for the night of his ultra-crap leaving drinks. But I digress. My point is that we never dated – and while I did agonise over whether to text him, whether he’d reply etc etc, this is not the same situation.
New England Patriots DE Jared Crick (Neb) It was surprising to many to see New England quietly continue to win. Now they are ready to address their short comings after (my prediction) of losing to the Baltimore Ravens. Crick provides the Patriots a player used to playing in the cold and willing to do what it takes to succeed.
A seasoned adventurer, he enlightened me with all manner of new experiences in every realm imaginable. This day was no exception, bittersweet as it was. His late morning arrival in rumpled clothes from the previous night’s bacchanalian foray told me it was over and we both knew it. But, we were determined to make it a great day. Save the best for last; and we did…
You have to know how much I love Jack’s Mannequin and Andrew McMahon for me to attend this show. Sound Academy is one of the worst venues in the city on a multitude of levels: security staff are ignorant; the layout is full of poor sightlines; the sound’s not the best; and the location is ridiculously inaccessible in a city that, overall, is quite the opposite. But Jack’s Mannequin continues to book there on tours, and I sigh and buy my ticket anyway, because this is a band not to be missed.
James Rivera – vocals
and I relented.
Masing defended himself in the pages of the Borneo Post, having meekly declined an invitation to speak at a political forum entitled “Who is the Boss?”
In hopes of learning how to edit my novel, over the summer I read Scene & Structure by Jack Bickham. If you haven't read this book yet, I would highly recommend it. After reading it, I decided that if I am going to keep writing, I better learn how to tell a story. For now, I think this means putting that other story aside, and trying something simpler. I've started another story - one with just one POV character, and, as I write, I am trying to stick fairly closely to the principles I learned from Scene & Structure.
105. My House
More specifically on the subject of Islamic taqiyya. While in Londonistan, the media loved him all the more; not least because of his seemingly Leftist trait of fighting against 'the Kingdom of Oil'.
The think tank found that over the past decade consumption of goods and services had risen by 28 per cent to $30.5 trillion (£19bn) – with the world digging up the equivalent of 112 Empire State Buildings of material every day.
Charlie ran up the steep steps and sank into the first available seat next to Kumar. Kumar was safe. Kumar was someone Charlie felt safe around.
In every land and every generation there have been men whose overriding priority is acquiring power over others. They've espoused dogmas of many kinds, such that one cannot easily find an ideological thread to connect them all. But in one respect they've been entirely consistent: They've all labored to increase the power of governments over those subject to them.
They never told me going to school meant admitting you made a mistake, even when you didn't mean it. But when I did, my schooling finally began.
We used fallen branches and leaves from our cedar tree. Choose several curved branches of similar size, poke them into the soil, and lean them onto each other. Place leaves on top.
10. Lonely Island featuring Michael Bolton “Jack Sparrow”
The first thing we notice is the absolute explosion of color in the tree! This brilliance was achieved by application of alcohol inks onto glossy paper - gorgeous! I love the torn edges and the torn paper trunk.
Hope hoping for a purpose
Check their mailboxes, make sure they’re still guilded where you want them to be… it’s general, boring upkeep. At the same time though, it resets that nasty little ‘last logged on’ counter for both Blizzard and your guild so you won’t one day find your character sitting there with a little exclamation mark saying that you need to rename the toon.
It is a rape of trust.
Hope your week is going well.
Tomorrow I will post 10 Tips for Successful Locavore Shopping. Yay–a list!!
When will this ever end?
my MOST favorite part of all,
It’s part of the summer, just like the heat, the mosquitoes, and the afternoon siesta.
Methodology: qualitative methods, field research, experimental methods
John wrote in the Book of Revelation: “They (the believers) over came him (the devil) by the blood of the Lamb, by the words of their testimony, and they loved not their lives unto death.” Testimony is mentioned between the sacrifice of Jesus on the cross and the willingness of believers to die for Christ. Now that’s unbelievably powerful!
I thought of a couple of other themes:
Now let's unravel this dialogue - what is she actually saying. "she said that the Muslim community not only in the United Kingdom but across Europe face the rising level of anti-Islamic sentiments."
This is hard. I follow a few dozen blogs, because I find each and every one of them honest and inspirational and entertaining. I’m also not going to choose the obvious ones, because they’ve already been TMI-ed (Snarky Snatch, Black Door Press, Love Sex and Marriage).
After trying a few different things, and eventually getting to the point where A was in our bed and no one was getting any sleep, I decided we needed to try to “cry it out.” S hated hearing him cry, and we had more than a few heated middle-of-the-night discussions about who actually worked and needed their sleep (grr!), but I always insisted that the end justified the means. Maybe it’s because of A’s NICU stay, but I know that there are certain things in life that are a necessary evil (shots, etc.), and that none of those things (have or) will affect our bond with A or his secure knowledge of our love and commitment to him.
I am not sure anyone is quite as excited as I am for the return of Beavis and Butthead
Absolutely!
High prices of chili, onions and sugar on declining supplies, were cited as reasons for the higher inflation rate.
My mother used to tell the story of when her family's house burned down when she was still a young girl. She was at school on the playground. The children could see the smoke from the fire in the distance. One of the boys teased her that it was her family's house burning Later my mother was informed that it was the house where she lived that had burned. When she got to the home site she saw that there was little left of the place.
This is but the tip of the iceberg. For 500+ more examples of savage genocidal Black-on-White racism, please visit http://www.dienuwesuidafrika.com/
That list would be very very long. So many great books come out in 2012 (check out the Apocalypsies blog!). But I'll try to name just a few:
YOU have to be in control of your own life and your decisions!
PROJECTS
I woke the next morning, feeling achingly sad. As you know, I’m normally a glass half full sort of person. I walked Moll through a churchyard full of the sweet spring scent of bluebells mixed with the pungent, earthy smell of wild garlic and thought how difficult it is when people you care about have to go away. Even when you know they’re coming back.
The main reason for the influx was, of course, the Celtic Tiger and the employment and prosperity it created. Economic migrants in earnest began to arrive from 1999 onwards, lured by a country with full employment in the throes of a boom. The number of work permits issued to third country nationals rose from 6000 in 1999 to 36,000 in 2001 and to 47,000 in 2003. After May 2004, with work permits no longer required from the new EU citizens, the numbers issued began to decline. Yet even in 2007 23,604 were issued, testimony to the continuing strength of the Irish economy. In 2008, as the economy imploded, 13,567 were issued.
Lindeman’s Pêche; Belgium, Lambic, 2.5% abv
now is the time
We did a ton of baking this year, sharing with lots of folks. These are cookies that we made to take to some of our neighbors. Since we're in a "transition kitchen", there were several times that I would start projects and then remember that I didn't have my normal tools for the job. The night we decorated these cookies was no exception. However, necessity is the mother of invention and I learned several tricks that work great, including how to make my own colored sugar!
I hope everyone has a blessed Friday!!
I had the papers within three days by Federal Express, and voila! we’re done. Now to see if he is ever going to pay me. Any bets?
I was going to name this post "Let's do it Again" but on second thought....I would rather not. I had a shitty night and day and it starts while I was making this card. Who knew that while I was happily creating a card similar to my 'Purple Valentine', that something sinister was happening behind my building. A dirty criminal smashed the window out of my car, stealing my beloved E-reader. I don't want sympathy, but I do want my loss to serve as a reminder. I normally don't leave my reader in my car but I left it yesterday knowing I was going out later and would need it. My parking spot is pretty secluded and I never though I would be a target of something like this. I have replaced my window, but I guess I will wait to replace my reader. Please let my misfortune serve as a lesson, dirty rotten, soulless swine, are everywhere, and don't care how good or nice of a person you are.
My cup runs over.
If there were a way to digitally insert the 2008-2009 version of Ms. Mitra into every movie ever made, I might be offended, but I wouldn’t complain.
Mandi's son, Zachary, is disabled. Last Tuesday Mandi was reading Zach a book in which there were sock puppets. When her little guy's eyes lit up and he said he wanted to make some sock puppets like those in the book Mandy immediately emailed her church group asking for odd socks.
Ok, this every 2 weeks posting is for the birds. No, we likes birdies, so that's not really a complaint. In fact﻿ there are some eggs in that birdie house we are keeping an eye on, right outside our living room window.
Believe it or not, but my dogs don't usually wear neckties, so I knew immediately that something was up. And being the sap I am, I immediate started tearing up.
you have new or hidden talents you may not even have realized!
After a cold cereal and sum black tea. I headed out. When I arrived I was immediately greeted by my Auntie Brenda. I no longer felt like I shouldn’t have come. In fact at the very moment during that embrace I knew how much my Aunties needed me there.
I just got my contributor's copies of The Mammoth Book of Steampunk, which contains thirty stories by Jeff VanderMeer, Caitlin R. Kiernan, Elise Tobler, Jay Lake, Genevieve Valentine, Cat Rambo, Shweta Narayan, Aliette de Bodard, N.K. Jemisin, Peter M Ball, Sharon Mock, Catherynne M. Valente, Alex Dally MacFarlane, Tobias Buckell, Matthew Kressel, Margo Lanagan, Amal El-Mohtar, Barth Anderson, Jeffrey Ford, James Morrow, Cherie Priest, Margaret Ronald, Megan Arkenberg, Benjamin Rosenbaum, Mary Robinette Kowal, Samantha Henderson, Nick Mamatas, Nicole Kornher-Stace and Lavie Tidha. That's a terrific lineup and several of the stories are original to the volume.
Love can make the heart to sing,
In the course of the progamme, Perry said (I think I've got this right) how although he was pleased to be a part of the 'modern art' world, he was concerned that many contemporary works of art were less interesting than the buildings they were exhibited in, relying on the milieu of the gallery space to confer the aura of an artwork upon them. This was one of the things he liked about the British Museum - the artefacts in it were interesting in themselves. These thoughts were still kicking around inside my head when we went to the Baltic this afternoon. The Turner Prize Exhibition was certainly popular. The queue to get in was twenty minutes long...
In my need
Muffins Preheat oven to 325 degrees. If making standard-size muffins, line 16 1/3-cup molds with paper liners. Note: I lightly sprayed my muffin molds with cooking spray.
One gorgeous home is on sale for the paltry amount of 1.5 million pounds.
WIE: So you would say they have part of the picture but that without this other aspect that you are bringing in, their view is very—
2. SEVERAL times, too often to be a coincidence….we see severe weather (tornadoes , damaging winds, and hail) hit these frequency flash epicenters. This usually occurs within 48 hours of the high frequency being emitted from the ground based station (usually a ground based NEXRAD RADAR or similar produces the pulse).
Greenpeace even lost it’s tax free status from what was a very green Canadian government in 1999. This is clearly a step that should be taken by everyone against all of the green organizations, which is now big business. This may be changing now, but for years the green movement worldwide took in more money that 60 of the world’s nations, and no trade organization in the world could stand against them financially. That can only continue as long as they can convince everyone that everything mankind is doing is so destructive to the planet that it will become damaged beyond repair.
Dixie enjoyed the frisbee in the newly mown yard.
Planning is the ability to tap into the mind of God and gather the necessary details on how the vision He gave you will be implemented. It requires you to carefully do your research so you can effectively support and communicate the assumptions you make throughout the plan based upon the revelations that the Lord has given you.
Anyways, at my work there is this great quote posted--it's on this motivational-type poster, and sometimes I think they are kind of cheesy, but this one really gets me every time:
“You don’t know that.”
Phew! Some *excellent* books there that I simply can't wait to get to!
Muscadine grapes are more than just a grape with a mucous-y texture, a fruit that rolls around in your mouth like a skin covered eyeball.
He and his other members had been through hell training for 5 years,
I'm gonna start this (non-exhaustive) post with two solo albums displaying the quiet-like, ambient-drone side of the Acid Mother's main man Kawabata Makoto, anyone familiar with Acid Mothers Temple will be surprised (and hopefully delighted) by the subtlety and beauty of his (comparatively restrained) guitar work.
A statement signed by Ima Niboro, special adviser to the president on media and publicity, titled, Al Jazeera correspondent out to destabilize Nigeria, reads, “Our attention has been drawn to the unfounded and sensational news item on Al Jazeera television claiming that Nigerian President, Dr. Goodluck Ebele Jonathan, has blamed the fundamentalist group, Boko Haram, for the bomb blast which occurred in Abuja yesterday”.
I Have a saying that goes like this: Information
Thanks for looking as always!
Aerobic exercise is the best choice to lose belly fat A head-to-head comparison of aerobic exercise, resistance training, and a combination of the two reveals aerobic exercise to be the most efficient and effective way to lose the belly fat that's most damaging to your health. while resistance training is great for improving strength and body mass, aerobic exercise helps you burn more calories. What counts is how much exercise you do according to Duke University Researchers.
as He is unfathomably, tirelessly gracious to me!
JIM JOHNSON?
“After a while, I had doubled my strength; my weight was DOWN to 180 pounds,” he says. “Then I got thinking, well, this is pretty cool. I wonder what else I might find if I analyze my blood.”
way for us to informally assess if they really understood the strategies, how they
President Obama has already said that the U.S. stands ‘ready to assist’ the Haitian people. The U.S. Military is the only group trained and prepared to offer that assistance immediately. They must do so as soon as possible. The international community must also rise to the occasion and help the Haitian people in every way possible. Many people have already reached out to see what they can do right now. We are asking those interested to please do one of two things: Either you can use your cell phone to text “Yele” to 501501, which will automatically donate $5 to the Yele Haiti Earthquake Fund (it will be charged to your cell phone bill), or you can visit Yele.org and click on DONATE."
Universal Music Group and
Absentmindedly forgotten
* all the celery leafy tops chopped coarsely
bind them.
fat chance of that happening now. not even the end of the first week and I'm already like a dolly daydream.
Take a minute to hug your dog – I’m sure he kisses you every chance he gets.
is Emerson? Pay it no mind, I have a short one here:
Tammy Maltby is a speaker, author and media personality with a heart for helping women to live rich, authentic lives. Her multifaceted life can be summed up in one word "encouragement". Though the gift of hospitality she mentors women in embracing community and connection though faith and food. She empowers woman to start simply but simply start! A ten-year cohost of the two time Emmy-winning NRB TV talk show of the year Aspiring Women, Tammy has also been featured on hundreds of radio and television programs, including Focus on the Family, Family Life Today, Life Today with James and Betty Robinson, The 700 Club, Midday Connection and CBN's Living the Life. She was the ongoing emcee for the John Maxwell's international THRIVE! events. She is the mother of four grown children, two of whom are internationally adopted. Tammy makes her home in Colorado with her husband.
The elder Lucynelle is a cagey creature. She does not have much in this world except her daughter and her crumbling farm. She feels a love for her daughter, she thinks. But, one wonders how a mother can in a sense sell her daughter into a marriage she does not understand. For what? … to have someone around to take care of the place. It is a good business deal but betrays the very meaning of the love a mother ought to have for her children, not to mention the love within marriage. The mother is blind to the sacred nature of her maternal duty to protect her child and even more uncomprehending of the sacred nature of marriage. Missing the sacred, she betrays it for 17 and a half proverbial pieces of silver.
