I think it will be quite enjoyable once we have played it for a bit. My players are the type to enjoy a solid game of role playing and not just adventure – thrill seekers, so I believe we will have a good time immersing ourselves into this system. The thing that is different about this game is that it is designed for the players’ characters to achieve – to progress. They find clues – there is no role or doubt about it. What they make of the clues, and to what dread truth they are driven by them, is another thing. Ultimately – as it is Cthulhu mythos – their characters will be dead or more likely quite unusably insane.
and defeated
“I think the young people in Ireland – and I’m back and forth all the time – they’re seeing that America isn’t the place to go, which is kind of sad in some ways, but who can blame the kids for going where the opportunities are?”
…I was unknowingly in the very last stages of my first pregnancy (Gideon was very kind to come two weeks before his due date!), and I was also unknowingly depressed. Not dangerously so, nothing worth prescribing or even being concerned about, but it didn’t dawn on me at the time that my constant desire to sit on the living room loveseat day in and day out was a bit unusual. My Mom would try to entice me to partake in some activity other than curling up there…”Would you like to read?” No. “Do you want to watch something together on TV?” Mmmm, not really. “How about a magazine?” I’m fine. “Can I at least turn the light on?” If you want. Again, I wasn’t morose in my attitude. My shoulders weren’t even slumped. I just couldn’t think of a thing I wanted to do. And then she’d ask the question that I could vehemently, rather than lightheartedly, answer. “Do you want to go somewhere?” Heavens NO!
I was amazed at the range of the one size diaper. Obviously, I only used the diaper on my son, but I think this diaper would easily work on a 7 lb baby. I did some quick measurements on the smallest and largest settings of the Charlie Banana One Size Diaper and here's what I found:
8. Yesterday, to celebrate the last day of school, all the kids in preschool went to the local playground in town and I went along to snap some photos. I never thought it would be so difficult. They run and run, all of them, all at the same time, with no direction in mind. The playground looked like an anthill. I tried to make some group shots but 3- and 4-year-old kids are not able to stand still long enough, let along able to look into the same direction, all at the same time, not even for maybe 3 seconds.
After what seemed like an eternity of waiting they finally made it up the steps to the front gate. As they handed their invitations to the gatekeeper of Southampton they were granted passageway to the brewery.
All of these critique sites run on a point system where you earn points by performing certain activities and spend those points on other activities.
Dower and Smith, both students, were said to be the least involved. Smith was given 160 hours' community service and Dower, who was at Newcastle University, 100 hours.
It is significant because the district is over 25% new voters, without adding a significant advantage to either party. Meaning, that both candidates will have to appeal to people, most of the previously represented by Dave Camp (Mi-01) or Wayne Huizenga (Mi-03), in which neither district has ever been competitive.
coconut milk (canned, unsweetened, 14 oz)*
07 Massacred Millions
It's too bad we can only have one random winner. The lucky winner of last weeks random winner for the TWO FREE images to the Sassy Cheryl's Digis Shop was
The first time he flew the MiG at his home field the guys who own the property made him prove to them that it didn’t have a turbine in it. This jet doesn’t have the typical whine that is associated with EDF jets. Thus every time he put it in the air he attracted attention. Guys wanted to know what the secret was to making it sound so great. Even the Horizon guys were paying attention.
Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.
I thought about getting a tattoo at the same time my siblings did. A friend of my brother was wanting to start up as a tattooist and was looking for people to practice on for free. I began thinking about possible designs, but wasn’t particularly impressed with the artistic skill now permanently embedded on the upper arms of my brother and sister and I decided against it. If I was going to endure a huge amount of pain for an image I would be carrying with me for the rest of my life, then I’d want something a little more meaningful and professionally done.
If we were smitten with the house on our neighborhood strolls we were absolutely enthralled when we toured the inside one evening in late summer. High ceilings, large rooms and built-in bookcases convinced us that it was the perfect house for our young family of three. It was all of 1250 square feet with two bedrooms and one and a half baths. When you opened the front door you could see straight through the house to the back door. Living room, dining room and kitchen lined up on the left, bedrooms and bathrooms on the right. A realtor might describe it as cozy and charming or a cozy charmer…. or a fixer-upper…
As promised, today, I am just going to post lots and lots of pictures of the party. But over the next week, I am going to do a bunch of spotlight posts on the decor, the food, the favors, and the onesie...so be sure to check back for all the how-to details!
Like Dubai, Sharjah is one of the seven Emirates of the UAE. Dubai and Sharjah cities virtually merge together yet have different laws and acceptable norms. Sharjah has more extremes than Dubai, yet also has a nice feel to the city.
The following are essential to the development of literacy, information literacy, teaching, learning and culture and are core school library services:
I'm counting down now till the end of March. Our Olympic Challenge ends very soon now. Thanks to everyone that has sent me Squares. I can tell you this Blanket is going to be 'massive!'. I shall give you a count very soon!
I know it’s being preached in the pulpit and in House Church? But do they see the connection between our love for Jesus Christ and how we live, other than liking to talk, sing and read, about Him a lot? (All good things) Do they see the attractive joy, hope, and peace that come from having Christ alone just dripping off of us? Are our lives so radically formed by the life and teachings of Jesus that they notice a clear difference between how we live and how they live? Do we try to persuade them with our speech? Do we try to verbally explain the significance of the Gospel?
quivering bodies.
The big stumbling block, we are told, is the native title issue.
I’m totally chuckling after reading Courtney’s blog from yesterday where she shares the query letter outtakes. The moral of the story is this: If you find yourself unable to write a decent query letter, hire Sherry!
Both songs are simultaneously playing in my head now, in case you were wondering. Sheeeeeesh.
I didnt win haha. Congratulations to all the winners! ^^
Lead actor was Johnny ‘Cupcake’ Owens.
Craps in the narrow Brooklyn streets as a child,
· Nat King Cole
Food is delivered in dribs and drabs all morning but seeing the cupcakes is too much for my first born to handle. For the final hour (where I was decorating, dressing and demanding) I have a screaming toddler who seems to have only one word in his vocabulary – CUUUUPCAAAAAKES! He needs a sleep, I need a break and my husband is having a mental breakdown.
Finally we ventured out together, the currents pushed warmly against our toes, and we gathered what little we had and moved away from the big water into the trees. For awhile we lost the sun under the heavy canopy, but when the branches thinned out we felt the warmth of it again. We followed the sun for many days and the beach became a memory to us. The trees and the long stretches of hard ground and loose blowing sand were something we knew of, from long ago, but neither of us could explain the feeling. At night we crouched under fallen trees or inside of jumbled rocks. I carried stones and a sharp stick because wild things were peering at us in the darkness and pacing us throughout the day. After many days Sorry complained and simply stopped. She would go no further, and I made her a nest in a hidden thicket and we stayed there until she cried out and birthed a small hairy lump that shrieked madly then mewled when she brought it to her breast. We stayed put for three moons and I hunted in the night, spearing the small things that were lusting after our meat, and we ate.
After, I and the rest of the outdoor beer garden patrons of Franklin Park watched the HDTV like scene and then turned back to our beers and socializing.
Super sassy thanks to all of our friends who joined us last week in our Valentine challenge. There were so many beautiful creations from our steady-eddy friends as well as lots of new people who joined in. We love seeing so many of you playing along.
This one has the fruit in the middle in a solid block with the ice cream and custard round the outside.
Supplies included Martha Stewart and Golden acrylic paints, old book paper, Tim Holtz Tissue tape, A Muse Washi tape, spray inks, stencils, canvases, cardstock and rub-ons.
Some residents don’t think it is a bad thing for a child to have an ice cream after school and if they don’t buy it from an ice cream van then they will just get it further down the road.
“I AM SORRY. WE TRIED.”
Peppered Steak with Mushrooms and Onions
* Jesse McCartney as Theodore (speaking voice)
*We got a Keurig for Christmas. Sticking in the K-cup is easy. As for the estimation of how much water to use... I'm still learning:
Danny Ingram
This actually is an ending but it’s more of a ‘Critical Mission Failure’ screen and nothing else. It would be nice to actually get a scene if you do take too long of Harbinger coming in and destroying the Crucible himself. Seems only fair actually and a nice addition.
Just why my head’s not bowed.
Art Nouveau in Milan: on the left Casa Campanini (look at the spiderweb on the balcony) and on the right Casa Mazzocchi.
and hold it
the cashier the money, a “glimmer” of white appears.
After Yoochun been introduce with his father friends, he began to presentation. During his presentation…
I was delighted to be nominated as one of the Top 10 Children's Literature Blogs in the UK last week. I wasn't so sure about being the Number 5 Influencer of Kidlit on Twitter, though. That particular title made me feel I should be wearing leather, and carrying a cosh to bludgeon people into reading children's books...(actually, is that such a bad idea? *thinks*)....
I have been munching this turnip since Monday. It is one of my favorite vegetables because its refreshing. I can eat 4-5 of this in one seating. Then last Tuesday, my little tot got bruised in her left cheek which was a bit swollen. She slipped after running from toilet just right after she took a bath. Sigh, kids can sometimes be hyper active! Thanks goodness it wasn't that serious.
ight, and I said “yeah it’s all good” but a quick wipe of the hand and I realized my no bloody nose for a couple years streak was over ): Today my front teeth, upper lip and nose are still sore – as long as it doesn’t externally bruise I think I’ll be alright.
In the Philippines, we have this… idea of Associationism. We are a people who are so fond of grasping at similarities and connections between ourselves and those who possess greater stature in a last ditch attempt to give our lives that shine others seem to have. It makes me think that maybe, even as a society, we have come to doubt the greatness in ourselves. We look back at the history of our great nation, we consider that maybe, it’s a product of all those who sought to make our land their own, and in this way, we had developed what we all refer to as the “colonial mentality”. But it seems to go beyond just feeling inferior to the races of a “higher caliber” (so we come to believe); or maybe, in a way, it doesnt.
You can't fix this broken, outdated system with tests and money.
On the 11th I am headed back to London, and on the 12th June we are headed for Greece! More details in this post, but all you need to know is that Sunshine, Ping Pong, Emily and I are going to be tearing up Crete for a week, leaving broken hearts all over the place. We are staying there till the 19th, and the next day, on the 20th June, I fly to Oslo to visit my gorgeous sister for a couple of days to celebrate her birthday. After a couple of days there we are going to pack up the car, Kasper and Karoline and road trip home to Aurland again. It’s a six hour drive, so we need to send the kids into a sugar coma and burn some good CDs. Since our parents are in Italy the weekend we get back, we will have the house all to ourselves! We just need Tina and Tuva to join us and we can spend the time tormenting our younger brother. So excited!
I decided to make two versions of the dish - one made from seitan and one made from tempeh. That way I would at least have a gluten-free option! I slightly tweaked Nadia G's spice rub and BBQ sauce recipes. They both turned out amazing. Of course, I think I could have put this BBQ sauce on my shoes and it would have been delicious :) I am NEVER buying bottled BBQ sauce again!
In heavy saucepan, combine sugar, flour, salt, and milk. bring to boil over
9. The Disrupted Mermaid—This blog belongs to my good friend, Allison Pilliod. She, along with her husband and two sons, are working at a Christian school in Panama, and she blogs about the ups and downs that come from moving thousands of miles away, learning a new language, and adapting to a new culture. She’s also a huge movie buff like me and a scuba nut…just in case you’re interested.
Is it possible that we “carry” the wrong “load” in life so often? We fret about the wrong things. Where did stress come from? Is it God made? No way!
Naturally a writer can’t help but go to the computer and type out a story. Mine happens to be called _____, a ___-word _________ novel.
Erin A. inviting Tara and I to hear her read her Irish dance memoir aloud at her school. Such a sweet tale about these two friends that brought Tara to tears.
“Four,” she said, laser-sights blazing. “Five, if we’ll have you.”
Hey beautiful people,it’s yet another day in spring and i feel like blogging so here we go:
People gathered
They say the opposite of love is not hate but rather indifference, again I say I love Nigeria, I hate our government, but I refuse to be indifferent about the situation my beloved Nigerians find themselves. They really hoped this time there would be a change, except it’s gone from bad to worse in less time under the current regime. A civilian bully is what this current administration is.
In fact the level of humour in ‘When God Was A Rabbit’ was something I wasn’t expecting and is a tool Winman uses well particularly if things are getting quite dark, which the book does do quite a lot. In fact it was a rabbit named ‘god’ who stole the show in terms of bittersweet humour in the first half of the book as Elly uses his ability to ‘talk’, which only she can hear, to deal with horrid moments, so when she has heard some bad news she will go and pet god who will then say something like ‘ouch you little, s**t’ (this has me laughing as I type) and again shows how Winman effortlessly gets into the head of or protagonist Elly, especially in her formative years and in times where she doesn’t quite know what to do with herself or how to copewith life’s twists and in many ways escapes.
Even Sanford Mayor Jeff Triplett came by. That’s him on the left posing with my buddy Eliot.
“You cannot escape me!” he roared. “Lead me into a trap and I’ll pile the heads of your kinsmen at your feet! Hide from me and I’ll tear apart the mountains to find you! I’ll follow you to hell!”
The mystery of modern electronics. I do not do well with these things. They stress me out and frustrate me. I like quick fixes and answers, something that never happens when the computer stops working.
“Queenie,” I would have said, “the mirror is a paedophile. I’ve seen how he rattles in his frame when Snow White reflects off his surface. That child is no competition for a woman like you. Take off the headgear and let your hair down; then slip into something tight and skimpy. There won’t be a dry codpiece in the palace. Who needs mirrors with a body like yours? Woof! Woof!”
We didn't hit our first store until around 9am because I wanted to get my normal beauty rest. I hadn't planned to go out, but those adds always suck me in. That's the point right? Well good job, it works on me.
Card Ingredients: Stamper's Anonymous butterfly stamp; CraftSmart Black ink; Echo Park Times & Seasons papers; Bazzill cardstock; Cuttlebug Swiss Dots folder; Vanilla Smooch Spritz; BasicGrey wood button; Doodlebug bakers twine; Recollections gems. Tools: sewing machine.
I love the field work: visiting places for research. But the library stuff isn’t my favourite part of the process. I’d rather be getting on with the story, but it’s essential, and I often get ideas when I’m researching.
Since I never personally got to know him, I will send you by way of link to somebody who did. Robert Stacy McCain, who wrote about Breitbart shortly after his death for The American Spectator
So why three? Why, in writing, is it called The Rule of Three or Magic Three? Perhaps because three times is a pattern. Two can be a coincidence, but three is something more. It’s more satisfying. It’s the beginning, middle and end. It flows and has rhythm.
But dreams of exploiting mineral wealth on other celestial bodies lurk not only in the minds of young boys, but also in the minds of intelligent and completely sane adults. The most recent iteration of this dream comes from scientists working on fusion energy. It turns out that helium-3, a rare isotope of helium, may be useful as fuel for fusion reactors. The very small quantities of helium-3 available on planet Earth are a byproduct of the manufacture of hydrogen bombs using tritium, a radioactive isotope of hydrogen. Ironically, one of the advantages of helium-3 in fusion reactors is that it lends itself less to weapons proliferation than tritium, the decay of which is the source of helium-3. In addition, helium-3 fueled reactors would produce no radioactive waste.
Now for something a little more colourful… and a little easier to wear on your wrist. Orange spray roses, green hypericum berry, solidago, seeded eucalyptus and loops of lily grass make a bright corsage.
Would like voters to believe higher taxes on the wealthy destroy jobs despite no evidence to support the position and clear evidence to the contrary. YES
“Instead of bismillah, we will read Bush-millah, the Merciful.”
There has been such a fantastic buzz surrounding this book for so many months now that I really couldn’t wait to read it! Honestly, I’m not sure it’s something I would have picked up myself, but with a quote of praise from my favourite author Markus Zusak featured on the cover; I couldn’t not give it a go! Now I can safely say, I’m very glad I did.
After an entire afternoon of cooking and smashing I had a whole freezer full of wholesome goodies. Awesome! We are good to go! Except… wait…. I forgot…. SIX TO TEN JARS A DAY. Crap. I was out of food again. OK. Just this ONCE we’ll buy a few jars to get us through these next few busy days until I have time for more cooking and smashing.
Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitiano and FBI Director Robert Mueller denied knowing anything about the operation until Border Patrol Agent Brian Terry was killed with guns from the program and avoided getting into details about their involvement by referring the case to the Inspector General in the Justice Department and citing an “on-going investigation” when asked by Arizona Senator John McCain recently on Capitol Hill. On top of Newell’s testimony, President Obama called for a complete review of current gun control policies in April 2009.
Some bloggers, like Thomas Peters if CatholicVote.org, have railed against Johnson, pointing to a paper that appears to be published under her name. In it, she admits to being a Buddhist.
Once I've run it through the glitter I take it out, lay it on some paper and then use the spoon to scoop up, pour & press the glitter into any blank spots. When the tape is covered I take the back of the spoon and go along the tape length pressing into the glass to grind it down onto the tape. This is especially important if you're working with real glass glitter--you don't want to press into it with your fingers, ouch!
Cricut Everyday Pop-Up Cards
2) Aspen Edge
Ratchet/Clank
The Iran-Iraq connection is divine in spite of the divide. Look at the history of both the neighboring nations and you would understand. The emergence of both the countries is ancient, both being the cradle of civilization. And both have shared similar fate in their evolution, as conjoined entities. Looking at the currently active events in the world of global politics and power, it would not be a prophecy to proclaim that it is the turn of Iran to get battered by the U.S. like its troubled neighbor Iraq…
But it won’t take long before things are back to normal.
I then looked at her hands. In my opinion, when someone tells you not to worry about something typically it’s because you should be worried. Miss Daisy had very disfigured rheumatoid arthritic hands and was about to stick me with a needle. This needle will stay in my arm for quite a while. Time to change the subject and start praying.
Butternuts
Your oral health is more important than you may realize. Get the facts about how the health of your mouth, teeth and gums may affect your general health.
We had to go through to Scottburgh in order to hand in the application for Feylin to enroll with the high school, so after we'd done all that, we went to the beach. Now, just to give you an idea of the layout of this lovely beach (for those of you who don't know) - there's a gorgeous grass embankment that goes down to the beach, which is a bit of a shallow bay.
A subject which I had planned to write about last week, resulted from a discussion on BBC2's Newsnight, hosted by Kirsty Walk, between a columnist from the Spectator and someone who had previously held a high ranking position in the Commission for Racial Equality (CRE). The discussion focused on the recent news story regarding Prince Harry who, as I mentioned in a couple of recent posts, has been required to undergo re-education, due to a perceived failure to pay sufficient homage to the modern day dogmas of multiculturalism and the unquestioned benefits of ethnic diversity.
At least I am amusing.
"What if he says no?"
With 4 Pines Brewing Company & Rocks Brewing McLaren Vale Beer Company
Sicko:no way,im not crazy .im Insane
Please send us your pictures and stories of the current situation! The more attention we can generate the better. We need to actually get the pile removed this time so that we don't have to continually worry about the next salt storm! (reminder: you can email, comment, or tweet us @wordoncolumbia)
On the larger end, I bought a couple of traditional Saudi baskets—accented with my favored red and orange and with green and yellow, too. My favorite, and most endearing, purchase was a Desert Designs original, a big stuffed camel, with long lashes, a saddle blanket with traditional fabric, and a bridle with tassels. I might need more of those….
“Do you think you’re sick?”
So, here’s to moving through the roadblocks and challenges in life. After every hill climb, there is a glorious descent. Let’s hope the ride smooths out for the rest of 2012.
The same situation prevailed in other duties. Unreasonably heavy logs for dugouts had to be carried up the slopes.
I read where there was a car accident this morning.
Everything goes to the printers a week from tomorrow. There's still a lot to do, but its nice to see the project coming together. I'm going to try to do a few tweaks to the type - I want to add lowercase letters, but not sure if there is the space on all the cards. For those of you that asked, I'll be selling them online. I haven't worked out pricing, but it should be similar with Bill Pressing's "Intercontinental Cuties" playing card set.
Another long hoof (where are the horses when we really need them?) and we arrived at the American History Museum where this vegetarian demanded a photo.
In the mean time, thank you for reading.
"Actually, the Communist world had not broken the law, for one of the continuing tragedies of mankind is that there is no international law."
Now, hair tips in those magazines are still overwhelmingly focused for those with more caucasion locks, but there is the whitewashed token tip for girls with curlier hair. I haven't really found any magazines aimed at the teen girl with darker skin, so if ya know any, point me in it's direction. Dolls are as out of touch with this world as ever. (Anyone else wonder how old Barbie's mysterious mother is that she's still popping out kids 40-50 years after Barbie's birth, while Barbie still hasn't found the time to have some of her own between all the job hopping she's been doing-- vet to lawyer to Scarlet O'Hara to teenager-- and dumping over 30 years with Ken for some Austrailian surfer we've never heard from again named Blaine?) I am pleased with all the products especially for curls on the market now, but it's still all about catering the white America. My AP US History textbook had about two sentences on Malcolm X, one of which made sure to point out that he was a pimp and drug dealer. I think Martin Luther King Jr. managed to snag a whole paragraph.
black peep toe t-strap shoes-thrifted
16: 1:25-1:30 – Newton-Wellesley Hospital
The Swiss brothel-owner should have known that a bawdyhouse doesn’t need gimmicks like a barbecue unless it’s in the wrong place. If I were starting up in the madam-ing business, I’d choose a seaside town with a warm climate. Sea air and naked flesh are what stimulate the human libido. Sex will never be a popular pastime in a country like Switzerland, famed for its mountain hikers and thermal underwear. The average Swiss couple copulate twice a year while holidaying in Italy or Greece – and not necessarily with each other.
No, we want our surgeons, financiers, and engineers to follow their training with precision. Deviation is called “negligence”. Experimentation has no place in the work of a dentist or paramedic. I’m sure these high-status careers have many draw-cards, but the opportunity to innovate isn’t one of them. In contrast, nothing prevents a teacher from experimenting with a new approach, except her own lack of initiative, imagination or perhaps time.
Here is her card...
more likely to be sexually attracted to women
I'd like to be a loonie
Jewelry: Metal Pointu
Talking Over: The speaker will breathlessly ramble on and on, oblivious to efforts by the host to moderate the discussion. This relates to time dominating.
Other: circle punches, ribbon, button, pencil eraser for dots
Hello my friends! How is this spring Monday starting for you? For me, today is the first day of a relaxing week by the beach, having a little break. I love travelling so much! Every time that I travel somewhere I want to move to that place for a while. This week I'm in the North coast of Queensland, Australia.
Grunthar noticed then that Jerf was no longer present. “Where’s the Cathar? Jeff, was it?”
I've heard great things about this exhibit, but haven't gotten around to going yet! It's open until this weekend, so as uge I'm down to the wire to get around to doing anything that could give me the slightest insight about how to dress my sorrily-clothed-ass.
I was in Concord yesterday doing some Christmas shopping. It was cold out, but not nearly as cold as it was on that memorable day. I was walking down Main Street, just a few blocks from where we were that night, when I was approached by a homeless man. He said he was hungry, and he asked me for a dollar so he could get something to eat. At that moment, I was instantly transported back to that bitter cold night fifteen years ago. As I looked at this man, a feeling of urgency came over me. Jill's selfless act, and the old woman's words - "You are an angel" - echoed in my mind like a haunting melody. In her memory, I felt like I needed to do something to help this man. A dollar wasn't enough, I had to do more. But what?
The funniest thing is that with all his top billing, Rupert himself has a very small part in this film! Here's the whole deal in a nutshell! Shortly after the Amendolas moved in, Dingle suddenly has $1500.00 a week coming in from an old gold mind investment, and he doesn't trust the bank, so he squirrel's in off into the wall, not knowing that Rupert resides there too. Mrs. Amendola happened to be praying to God at the same time, when from out of the sky and through the broken skylight drops 15 one hundred dollar bills courtesy of Rupert and the unknowing Mr. Dingle. Next thing you know, she's praying every Thursday at the same time that he's making his deposits, and the Amendolas are suddenly becoming very wealthy! Like Jesus in a tortilla, they think it's just a miracle!!
Day 09 → Someone you didn’t want to let go, but just drifted.
retrieving wellies and jumpers to pull on protesting limbs.
This is, I believe, the latest serum type product release from Lancôme. It claims rather boldly to tackle wrinkles, pores and unevenness. Luckily I don’t have much in the way of wrinkles or uneven skin tone to deal with but pores I got. Huge great big ones too. Urban legend has it that on a clear night you can see them from the moon.
On that note I’ll close for the day. Have a happy Tuesday!
Me: What!? Why would you do that, that can make them very sick.
20 June
Later the author does the same thing with midwifery. She seems to suggest the concept of it starts with particular female scholar in the Middle Ages, who wrote a handbook for other female scholars and nuns. This role is then stolen by men. The thing is, though, that’s clearly false. The Egyptians and Romans had midwives, and the Greeks left quite detailed records of midwifery. The first book I can think of about childbirth was by a classical Greek, Soranus, and his book was called Gynaecology, from which the current discipline takes its name. In it, he describes female midwives who were of three grades, the highest grade being women of great experience and technical training paid commensurate to male doctors. Some of these women, like Salpe of Lemnos, circulated their own books on gynaecology.
“That the whole crazy bunch is with me, except Quintus. They are British, after all. They wanted to rescue you and at the same time fight for their country in danger.""We have been looking for you for weeks. Then thanks to Pavlos, a Greek merchant with a good informers network across the country, we have localized you, although the exact location still eluded us. I found it today thanks to a ploy ... "
11. Cherry Street (Bonus Track)
If I could hold you forever in my arms, I would babies.
We read the Odyssey chapter about Scylla and Charybdis (a six-headed monster who eats men and a whirlpool monster who eats ships).
"Okay, that's enough," Kurt Geos said as if could magically end all their pain.
Sure any old quilter's app can calculate how many yards of backing fabric you need, but can they also tell you how many shots of tequila you'll need to finish that Cathedral Windows project? How long does it take for the seizures to subside after putting together one of those no-contrast, mongo-print "modern" patterns that quilt magazines keep barfing out? How many times can you email pictures of your boobs to Ricky Tims before he files a restraining order? This is a real world calculator for real world quilters!
From 11/Nov/2007.
Would we accept this type of behaviour from UK Ministers, no we wouldn’t so maybe Carwyn Jones, Jane Hutt and Edwina Hart should face the music over Naz Malik and AWEMA rather than trying to make out that what is going on there is a one off instead of sweeping this ugly episode under the carpet again.
The Ritz-Carlton has a special place in my heart and not just because the condo looks like Robocop’s penis. The original ads ooze with the best of high-society fatuity. “I summer in the Hamptons… I winter in Aspen… My home, the Ritz-Carlton, Vancouver.”
Cautiously go through the nutrition labels on the foodstuff you consume. One particular critical factor to note may be the volume of calories in every single serving. Rely all of the calories which are within a deal of food. You need to also concentrate to sugar and carbohydrate counts on labels.
We do know that there is a company with a MASSIVE job starting soon right here in our town that he is trying to get on with. We are hoping for a phone call before he takes the out of town job. (Oh pray!)
Moisten the rim of the glass with lime and then salt it. Fill half of the two cocktail glasses with ice. Pour the mixed drink into cocktail glasses and enjoy!
Awards Offers
I've been going mad creating my own stationary - it's addictive, it really is. I just need to find out how to upload pdfs or word files to the blog, then you guys can print off better versions than the jpgs I posted before.
I got the usual rejections, though a few of them said they liked the idea and the voice. That encouraged me to revise it further and I sent it to Cornerstones for an appraisal. They were encouraging and gave me lots of great advice.
This one surprised me, a really easy-drinkin' Belgian, and though it's strong, it's not at all extreme. Nice curve-ball.
I purchased khaki flannel (the blue gingham was from my stash) because I thought it would be gender neutral, as well as hide stains well. Prints would hide stains even better, but the solid was cheaper! So far my khaki diapers have no stains, while my gingham diapers have almost faded to white (but no stains!). You can get 1 diaper (two sides) out of every 2/3-3/4 yd. of 44" flannel.
Dear Eldest Weasel,
I have this theory about Barack Obama. I think he’s led a kind of make-believe life in which money was provided and doors were opened because at some point early on somebody or some group took a look at this tall, good looking, half-white, half-black, young man with an exotic African/Muslim name and concluded he could be guided toward a life in politics where his facile speaking skills could even put him in the White House.
It's a big show, so I need to start thinking about it now.
He was told that the men would be taken to Morningside police station, and when he queried this as Douglasdale police station was closer, he was insulted.
The second thing came from a friend of mine, Jo Bell, who is the poetry editor for my literary e-zine, Word Gumbo, but also the Director of National Poetry Day. She was promoting her day and I thought… hmmm, is there a National Flash-Fiction Day I could get involved with? I looked and looked and, while I could find National Short Story Day, there was no Flash-Fiction day. It seemed obvious to me that there should be, so why not set it up myself?
The week started with the release of the Joint Committee report on House of Lords reform, a cross party report on the draft proposals for reform produced by the Government. But it turns out even they couldn’t agree on the best course of action, a cross party minority group in the committee produced an ‘alternative report’ which was also released on Monday.
The point is that the "all kids loathe anything good for them" marketing technique is complete fiction, no matter how many anecdotal corollary data points to the contrary the you manage to dredge up. Kids may not always act in their own best interests, but a kid not always knowing what's good for them is a completely different animal than a kid going out of his way to assure his own self-destruction. To believe Chef Boyardee, children are lemming-like in their drive to achieve malnutrition. Kids don't hate vegetables because they're good for them; they hate vegetables because parents do a shitty job of varying their diets, and so they think vegetables taste like bitter, fibrous pantyhose. Which kale does and should not be eaten for any reason.
But what if we could change all that? What if we could come together? I think that's what's pushing people more and more into a desire to build communities. I've heard everything from getting run down properties that are going for cheap and making pagan neighborhoods to buying land and making communities from scratch. These are good ideas, they are a start, and its one we need to look at seriously.
The continuity of principle is the most fundamental tool to hold the achievements; if deviates from maintaining the continuity of principle by the sub-regional nation-state government and Global Civil Society institutionalized all the achievements in technological culture within the realm of the uninterrupted open highest form of capitalism with the supreme flavor and spirit of egalitarian all throughout the boundaries of the sub-regional nation-state will be in vain. Once the technological culture could not be sustained the technological civilization based on four parameters will also demonstrate its reverse journey in the short run and would have every possibility in the long run to demonstrate fragile character towards integrating owners and workers of the industry and factory on questions of ownership over the means of production thus threatening the positive outcome due to the uninterrupted open highest form of capitalism with the supreme flavor and spirit of egalitarian. Technology among the factors of production bears the maximum central responsibility to produce goods and/or services in respect of quantity, quality, and price to deliver within a given time frame so the development of technological culture at a given locality will not simply be following the preceded four fundamental elements: (1) range, (2) scale, (3) variety, and (4) field rather is the impact of technological culture that goes beyond its own dominion of uninterrupted open highest form of capitalism with the supreme flavor and spirit of egalitarian even across the boundaries of the sub-regional nation-state. Other than the usual considerations of the impact of any interventions to measure after a very long time, the impact of technological culture will be just qualitative observing the behavior, opinion and attitudes of the consumers towards the goods and/or services affecting the consumer-industrial relations favorably or unfavorably. The favorable or unfavorable consumer-industrial relations will read the dimensions of continuity of the four preceding fundamental elements instead of discarding the plant or any entity within the realm of the (1) range, (2) scale, (3) variety, and (4) field rather invites the adaptation in technological innovation and technological know-how in accordance with quantity, quality and price dictated by the consumers within a given time frame.
Before Obama landed, Republicans had heaped criticism on Obama. Michael Mukasey, attorney general under Bush, slammed Obama for his “plans during the coming campaign to exploit the bragging rights to the achievement” in an article in the Wall Street Journal.
Darren O'Shaughnessy
Which brings me to my other problem.
Jessi: Judy Blume was my very first inspiration. I first read her books when I was in 3rd grade, and that’s when I decided I wanted to be a writer. Along the way I’ve found so many amazing writers, all of whom inspire me every time I read their work: Sarah Dessen, Deb Caletti, and Sarah Ockler, to name a few!
Anyway, back to the point. My job is also changing radically also but I'm not going to go into that as I don't like to discuss my work. Not that my job is very mysterious, I just keep it at work and try not bring it home with me. These changes have also stopped me visiting other peoples blogs as much as I would like.
Halfway to Rye on the train, I realised I’d forgotten my camera. So the pictures in this post, taken with my phone, are a little bit blurry and indistinct, but should give an idea of the landscape encountered on this walk. Think of them as an Impressionist revival.
Out back old plum and peach trees were laden with ripe fruit,
33. G. Love - 50 Ways To Leave Your Lover (4:21)
It seems I am constantly mixing Miralax, buying glycerine for 'bowel management', searching for the plunger, cleaning the bathroom, making sure the bidet toilet seat is functioning, shopping for the best price for incontinence products, and going through wipes and toilet tissue at an alarming rate. But again, this isn't a bad thing.
hi again blogreaders,
Not interested in free nail designs? Use your free $10 credit to get $40 worth of mineral makeup (shown under Jacksonville). Shipping is extra, but it will likely be less than $7 for $40 worth of mineral makeup shipped!
Dixie Jazz Amber Light from New Orleans, Louisiana. The brewery was almost completely demolished in Hurricane Katrina. During the rebuilding process, Dixie's brands are contract brewed by the Joseph Huber Brewing Company.
Yimou, the award-winning director of such movies as Raise the Red Lantern and Curse of the Golden Flower (not to mention the opening ceremonies of the 2008 Beijing Olympics), remade this from the Coen Brothers 1984 cult classic Blood Simple and overlaid it with his stylish and colorful visual sense.
They are very similar in the upper echelons of the entertainment industry – whether it’s either sport icons or pop stars. But for every Justin Beiber, there’s countless youths playing music as an alternative to their lives of poverty, to give them an outlet from despair, to be happy. If you want a specific example of someone who got into music for these reasons, maybe you’ve heard of Jimi Hendrix?
Every passing day is one that is gone forever.
Meanwhile we're taking classes and practicing and studying and figuring out how to dance who we are.
"Naah, it's his only movie."
Peel the bananas, cut them in half lengthwise and put them in the baking dish, turning so they are coated with the butter mixture.
Karl: how would you do that?
Thanks for popping in today. I hope you have an awesome weekend! See you soon!
When I got out of Jail I was also set up by the probation officer to take a job training Class God, was working in my favor with all this but I didn’t see it until now… I started to fall away from the Lord, when I got out of jail after being in class for a week new classmates joined and that’s when I met Belle, after 3 weeks of classes She walked up to me an said care to hang out with me ? I was skittish she noticed and reply I won’t bite in a joking manner I replied sure that’s when she said she was heading over to her favorite park and she would like if I would tag along so I did, when we got there she could tell I was apprehensive so she told me to relax she had no intentions more than just spending time together while enjoying the nature around us…
I’ve lived in the North-East of England for about 5 years now, where there are 2 big footballing teams; Newcastle and Sunderland. Perhaps it’s because they’re both in the Premiership, and so often rival my own team Spurs, neither of these teams have managed to soften my heart towards them despite my love for the North-east region.
We looked in the kitchen cupboards on the other side of the wall. Nothing. Really? Was it in the wall? Because that’s seriously what it sounded like. Eleven Daughter phone calls later, she suddenly said, “What if it’s upstairs?” She and her dad went tearing up the stairs to see who could get to it first. Sure enough. There it was. On the window sill, in a direct line to the wall of the laundry room. Playing its Dr. Who ring tone. I might have felt less stupid if I hadn’t “lost” the phone in pretty much the same place last week . . . Thus words like pericope and stuff like that, to make up for it, I guess.
Tomato sauce – 2 tbsp
Yes, sweet and caramelized goodness.
- Twitter: Follow the conference on Twitter
Just in case you might have wondered how their ineptitude affected their lives after they ruined so many dreams and lives....Let me refresh your memory:
1) Catch the star at a show to have them autograph the cards personally
Ability Score = Skill %
The 2011 survey found that 38% of expats felt that their children had settled in quicker than they had, with only 8% disagreeing. Two-thirds (65%) of children are learning a new language; a skill which comes easier to younger minds, and is also a barrier for adults regarding their social interaction.
Lord, forgive me for everything I have done to the love and goodness of what my ex had shown me. But please Lord, allow me to forgive myself. Guide me as I choose the path to a better me, I will heed the call to move on. Make me realize that someone will love me, not exactly the way my ex showed it, but strong enough to make me believe again in the magic of what love does.
"Well, I reckon I can beat these guys by myself,
56 take
Hope you all had a creative Thursday.
“I’m OK, just tired. It was a long trip and just such a sad day,” I said.
In some countries the monarchy has become a heritage of more than 1000 years. But when countries became independent and started to adopt democracy in governance promoted by the colonial powers, the monarchy system in most countries became constitutional. In some countries the monarchy was abolished. Those that remain have become a country’s symbol of unity for the people.
His house got hit again a few months later, in the same spot. This time there was no fire, but it blew out all the electronics that were plugged in.
In the end, I have to teach the metric system to my fourth graders because it will be on the big ole test in May. I feel badly that I have to teach equivalent measurements. I can see it now.
And I should be able, as a self-respecting gardener, to grow them successfully from seed. Particularly since I live in a climate that is so forgiving and offers zero room for me to spread the blame beyond my own black tomato seed growing thumbs.
Cristina and I have been wanting to go away somewhere together for so long and this was the perfect opportunity.
Parents are only human and make mistakes.
Alongside amazing new talent of Art Direction and Producer that is ANNA WALKER and Director ZAIBA JABBER, I cast and styled the above music video. Incredible make up came at the capable hands of NIAMH QUINN, the Irish love of our lives (her and Mis.Cooney) and hair from BEN JONES.
She was calm by evening routine commenced. Every bath this week has involved playmobil animals being put up my nose, wears you down when you’re already tired.
then, just click save.
Come back in the next couple of days to see the card I am making for dear daughter's birthday - I promise it will have a PTI glittered die cut.
There was some discussion between me and some friends on Facebook the fight scenes, and the general consensus (and Kevin agrees) is that the fight scenes are largely glossed over and not graphic enough. It’s not that everyone is a fan of blood and gore, but most of the fight scenes consisted of a brief flash of a knife, a quick glimpse of a dead tribute, a fast fading in and out of a mortal wound, that type of thing. However, it makes sense that the graphic nature of the violence had to be minimized in order to keep the movie’s rating at PG-13, and therefore accessible to the very audience the books are aimed at.
Okay, imagine getting thirteen three- to six-year-olds to sign their names to four mattes. I’ll just say that jelly beans were involved and leave it at that.
The foundation hasn't courted publicity. For example, "aides to Ratner" declined to comment to the Daily News about donations to the Mayor's Fund to Advance New York City. A 1/16/05 Daily News article headlined Apple polishers fatten Mike fund reported:
1 pang
Satan succeeded in his plan . . . he pulled the strings of the hearts of men to crucify Jesus. Jesus died, and was buried, and Satan thought he had won the victory. However, three days later, Christ rose from the dead. Christ overcame death, and overcame the grave. Christ won the ultimate victory over death, the grave, and Satan himself. Satan, and his plans, were defeated, once and for all, and for all times. Satan brought all he had, and it was not enough. Christ was victorious.
even by placing something across it, and extinguish your lamps. “
UPDATE: The pale aqua paperweight at the top is the only paperweight left.
And is he proud of himself? Oh yes. He's a big boy now.
real soon cause Mom is only sayin 5 or 11 HBO words
In good news, I lost two and a half pounds this week so I'm happy, after not losing at all the previous week. Another four pounds and I will have lost two stone. I'm actually starting to see it a little now. When I stand up straight, my boobs stick out a fraction more than my belly, and my bum doesn't seem quite so big. On the downside, said boobs are shrinking, and I'm developing bat wings where the fat is disappearing from the top of my arms. Time to fit in some arm exercises.
JB has been making "clubhouses" for the boys' cars out of boxes. Only thing is, he keeps having to "one up" himself. He made one for Isaac (center.) Then Elijah wanted one (right). That one was better than Isaac's. So JB made another one (far left.) He decided that this one would be a "community clubhouse" so he didn't have to keep doing that.
“I pay a fair amount of attention,” said Grimm. “It moves the market. We look to see what affect it will have on prices, so we pay a fair amount of attention. In this case, the numbers are about as expected.”
The impact of IIFA Singapore was experienced across tourism influx, investments into Singapore and closer ties between India and Singapore.
A Dress for a Rebellious Princess was a magnificent Vivienne Westwood gown suspended on a back staircase to look like a headless princess running down the stairs. The saucy button on the bodice reads "I AM EXPENSIV" (sic).
I watched the first episode of Community with high hopes, being a big fan of Joel McHale, but I wasn't impressed. Since then, I keep hearing that it's the most creative, smart comedy on television, so I'm definitely going to have to give it another chance if it's not too late already. Same with Parks and Rec. I watched it a little bit when it first came on and it just seemed like a sad rip-off of the Office with a less-funny cast. But lately It's been getting so much good buzz that I'll have to check it out again.
Thanks and I look forward to seeing your pretty pictures!
I will remember my kids having the times of their lives at the playground on the foreshore. How my big kids rolled down the hills again, and again. How Maisie went down the 'big' slide all by herself, and was astounded at her own cleverness. How Phoebe made up little ditties about the things going on around her. How Maisie had learned how to say "Bee Bee" for her big sister's name, instead of "Baba". How Jack just wanted to kick his footy, no matter where we were.
They then decided to splash this word across their back page above a picture of Suarez. So, before the FA had even released their findings and the reasoning behind their decision the Mirror had stated as fact that Suarez is a racist, i.e. somebody who is guilty of displaying hatred towards somebody of a race different to their own.
After criticizing the role of France and Germany and their interference in the debt crisis, Junker went on to, strangely. endorse German Finance Minister Wolfgang Schaeuble as his replacement. This becomes less odd when one realized that Junker is just trying to get off the very unstable EU-Titanic before its imminent demise.
Sit in blue plastic chairs,
When he arrived at the police station, he was informed that he was being arrested on suspicion of causing ‘mischief by fire’ in connection with an incident that occurred at a logging camp owned by timber companies – Quality Concrete Sdn Bhd and Loyal Billion Sdn Bhd.
“Well, you are an honorable, young man, and quite a fighter. But what Master von Baren has said about your father, it doesn’t fit somehow.”
2 of 2 people found the following review helpful.
The National Hop Collection has ten different varieties of Goldings, and Goldings are also sold on the basis of geographical location irrespective of which particular variety they are. The term ‘Golding’ has also been misapplied to hops that are no relation to true Goldings, no doubt in the hope a little gold will rub off on them. It’s no wonder that even an esteemed and widely respected publication like the Oxford Companion to Beer seems a little muddled!
Anyway, this weekend’s pretty awesome thus far. I was going to do work, but I ended up sitting up in the room on the rooftop terrace listening to the rain and working my way through the View Askewniverse: Clerks, couldn’t get Mallrats to work, Chasing Amy. Next up, Dogma (again), and then Jay and Silent Bob Strike Back, then Clerks II.
- Finally , incorporate the chocolate chips until evenly dispersed.
* 1 teaspoon chili pepper flakes
Joyce Cummings, 65
Plato’s idea was that all classes of things have an essence – a set of defining properties. Members of that category may vary in other respects, but they all share that essential nature. Chairs, for example, can vary in size, shape, colour, comfort, and so on, but they are still all essentially chairs; they all have the essence of chairness; they are variations on an ideal chair.
Hasn’t research shown GM foods to be safe?
CENTRAL SPACE COMMAND MEMORANDUM: INCIDENT AT ASTEROID 9950 (Tarkas)
She does a lot. She looks at the exploitation all performers face while delivering a lurid tale with true emotion. At the end she delivers a poignant piece of hardboiled poetry, telling us who Angel is. I hope we get to know her more.
Hugo Riesenfeld Make a Wish
Then, ortho arrived.
So how about you? Anyone else out there who’s having a problem balancing all the demands of modern life? If so, what are some solutions that you’ve tried? And did they work? I’m open to any and all suggestions!
Sadly, the Adbusters quote is all-too accurate. Because of their differing goals, the two groups of “campers”—Occupy protestors and consumers—are treated very differently.
Here are some photos of our new house that I’ve taken soon after we moved in. When we move to an overseas post for my husband’s job assignment, we usually live in an assigned home furnished by my husband’s office. We live with what we call “welcome kit” provided by the office as well as the stuff we brought in our suitcases until we receive our shipment. (Welcome Kit consists of all the basic items you need to live such as bedding, linens, kitchen cookware, dishes, silverware, iron, cleaning items, etc. ) This living situation is much better than living in a hotel especially if you have young kids.
Nice Nice – See Waves
A seawall cuts this process off. Water hits it sharply and is reflected back strongly, carrying sand with it.
Next I painted the sides and part of the front. Since I am putting paper over the top I didn't need to paint that part. Just enough to cover the parts that aren't papered.
I admit, I used to trash romance too. Because it was easy. Easier to giggle at Fabio (who's supposed to be pretty cool in real life) and lump a literary phenomenon into a National Enquirer-esque category of fluff. Easier to judge a book by its (sometimes admittedly silly) cover.
So why do I bother to give this sickening pile of excrement more of that attention he desperately craves? Well, because it gives me another excuse to post my favorite audio clips of Donohue applying for the role of worst person in the world. In the following two clips, we hear Donohue on a radio show passionately defend nothing short of mass child rape.
* Put the juice of half a lemon in a large bowl, with about 3 cups cold water.
Who wouldn't want Aiden St. Delphi? You tell me.
Gotta love Springtime fun.
But that doesn't seem to be working.
Deion Sanders is of course very well known because he had successful careers in both the NFL and MLB. By successful I mean he actually played in both, but there’s no way I’m going back to actually look at his numbers.
A fundamental principal of Catholic marriage is that both parties understand what they are entering into and do so freely. Flannery may be making a comment about the emptiness of civil marriage since it appears to have been so easy for this wedding to take place. And though it does not feel like a marriage to Mr. Shiftlett, it indeed qualifies as legal, as the mother assures him. That the new bride does not understand what has taken place is made clear by her falling asleep on what ought to be the happiest day of her life.
--5--
The four-and-a-half thousand who remain, after the initial carnage, does not face a life of moonshine-and-roses either. At least 50% of them will live on the breadline, having to scrounge a living from rubbish heaps, dust bins, begging and petty theft; never knowing whether they will see the next Christmas and not even having a clue that, odds are, they will be dead by twenty-five.
The odds are still very long against me, of course. But thank God for this one small victory.
It turned out to be one of the great movie-watching experiences of my life. Harvey’s set-up was absolutely incredible, totally professional and polished, it was a true Cinerama experience albeit miniaturized like the submarine in Fantastic Voyage. As I recall, he raised the ceiling in his “theater,” a room large enough to comfortably accommodate two rows of sofas. The screen, behind a standard theater curtain, was something like 10 or 12 feet high, floor-to-ceiling. Each of the three projectors (four, if you count the standard 35mm projector used for the prologue, though it doubled-up with one of the Cineramas) had its own partially glass-enclosed little room, little closet-like spaces barely large enough for Harvey and his equipment. The place was like a man-cave jumbled with a House of Mirrors.
I don’t think happiness and contentment are interchangeable, but I do think that Gabrielle is speaking more on contentment than on happiness. When I combine what Gabrielle is saying with what Dan is saying, I totally get it! To be content with my life, I need to find and fulfill my sense of purpose, design my life to bring me joy, keep it fresh and interesting, hang with my buds, be open to being happy, and then what I have I will be truly satisfied with!
Her aesthetically seductive wall hangings and sculptures reveal their message subtly. Small pieces of thin, frayed canvas are scorched, burned and torn, so evoking the destruction, insecurity and fear which war brings.
"You're just not partying until you injure yourself with a cheese grater!" (And yes I did injure myself with a cheese grater)
and to the last tag a technique with stickles. I do not have the rock candy distress stickles so used brushed pewter. For some reason was totally in the mood for black and white so here is my tag
Print the pattern at 100% – it should fit exactly on a sheet of regular ol’ paper. If you need to double-check the measurements, the length at the widest point should be approximately 8.5″. Cut out your pattern pieces – including the button hole. No seam allowances necessary!
At some unknown time in the Anglo-Saxon age, the site of Newcastle came to be known as Monkchester. During this time, a cemetery was established on the site of the Roman castle.
there isn't a creative thought in my head.
Admiral Henry G. Ulrich, USN (Ret.)
- Wishlist: Desires from the point of view of your body, your health, your spirit
(Girl opens package)
For those unfamiliar with a liver detox, let me explain: your liver contains oodles and oodles of toxins, built up from years of living in this fallen world. Every contaminant we breathe in, eat, drink, any way we are exposed, is processed through our liver. That friendly little organ grabs the bad stuff out of our blood and keeps it from poisoning our whole system.
And now for something completely different ... an outfit picture. Okay. That's weak, really weak. I ran out of ideas on how to introduce a post. And it was either hem and haw and never get this post up, or give you something weak. I chose to be weak.
Why did I want to be here, was I just buying time? Or was there something else?
As part of the ‘Louder Now! Feminism on Film’ season the Star and Shadow presents the documentary Eat the Kimono about Hanayagi Genshu, a Japanese dancer, actress, feminist and political activist who challenged the conservative culture of Japan.
Sometimes, one wonders whether the resources can be channelled to more meaningful purposes like charity, community development and education advancement.
He's just getting so smart and so much more aware of people's moods and emotions. It's been so much fun to see his personality really coming out.
I didn’t actually think that all of those clips would remain in her hair for more than a few minutes, but many hours later they were all still adorning the front of Saarah’s hair(she didn’t get them anywhere on the back 85% of her head).
This post fulfils my pledge at Time to Change to talk about my own experience of Mental Health and how talking helps. This is my own story, it's my experience; I hope that it might help you either talk about your similar experiences or talk to someone else about there's. It is time to start talking about mental health!!
Our students begin by defining their goals and dreams and then pursue them through a combination of meaningful and engaging adventures. It is possible to pursue your dreams, and gain admission to any college of our students choice without a traditional high school transcript. We will prepare our students to fulfill college admission requirements by proving five preparatory results: intellectual passion, leadership, logical reasoning, background knowledge, and the capacity for structured learning. We intend to provide life-changing, confidence-building adventures that will allow students to demonstrate those through the development of individual portfolios and public demonstrations of learning. Home schooled youth are admitted to college all the time, and in fact, as of this year, new legislation allows approved home school programs to offer a high school diploma!
If there is a first person and a third person I submit to you the scripture says they will bow to the name of Jesus.
me a bit that if I wasn't using these people well, it would
We are in the waning days now of my maternity leave, which is why I'm glad to be free of company. I'm really sad that my maternity leave is ending. I have NO desire to go back to work. My office is really chaotic right now, and I've really been enjoying having this time with T and the girls. Every day we try to do something fun and new.
As to the small green caterpillars of the sort found in purple sprouting broccoli and calabrese, you need not bother with pest control if the consumers of the produce are ladies of a certain age whose near vision is not quite what it used to be. I had eaten copious quantities - a plateful, certainly - of broccoli, all the while thinking superfood, how nutritious, etc, before the younger members of the family, food inspectors all (in case someone has sneaked some chickpeas or lentils or other foreign or proscribed items into their supper) burst out in hysterical unison that the said superfood so eagerly consumed by their dear mother was teeming with small green caterpillars. So really, if you want to get rid of small green caterpillars, just feed them to a sensitive, long-sighted vegetarian.
What's the holidays without bling??? Boring in my book. So, with that said, this up coming challenge is all about the bling. We would like to see your holiday card with bling. It can be from a little or a lot of bling just as long as it has a holiday theme.
I found him where he’d crawled
Stumblebus (Redux)
Level 28: MP Cost: 70, Damage: 274%, Attacks up to 6 enemies 6 times, 38% chance to stun the enemy for 6 seconds.
In a system riddled with faults, this principle is a shining beacon, and one which we would do well to follow, but to make it happen, we need some baseline changes. First of all, we need a formal, written constitution (approved by a national referendum), and a Supreme Court charged with defending it. No longer can we trust politicians to honour our informal constitution.
#5353 Otis SNICKERS BROWNIES Pre Sliced 4/40 oz CASE Regular Price $19.99 Blow Out Price $9.99
Take a cup and stuff it with this potato mash. top it with a spoonful of curd. Add the tamarind chutney and coriander chutney as per your liking. Topple with sev and serve immediately.
Obviously some Met officer here, limbering up for a career as a stand-up comic.
Unclenches and becomes a kiss
I know it’s been a few days, but Mom got me sidetracked, first with one thing then another. I even had to hunt the woods behind the house for the twins. I found them with Hank’s little brother; they were target practicing with his pellet gun.
Mangiamo!
It was most wonderful to see her again. She’s very dedicated to her patients and just has way of inspiring them to give their best effort in a very demanding recovery. Btw, she was very impressed with the progress Dave has made, especially how much more range and mobility he has in his right arm.
The mural done at Pulse Plastics shown in today's photo was the work of Tats Cru. The artists who form the group and their work are impressive. Some have been commissioned by major international corporations. You can read more about Tats Cru and see their work here.
Jeweller’s clock
I say, with my notebook, you need not wander lost. Maps included.
Stoicism
I have tried therapy and medication and truly believe there is no help for me. And in those last 8 words lies my problem, I don’t believe it, therefore it will never be. I have never been very good at making decisions, or sticking to them once they are made. I forget things easily and tend to drift back into old habits.
The fact is that religion has driven most of our country's great conflicts and has been the inspiration for most of our progress. The abolitionists and the pro-slavery Southerners, the suffragists and the appalled conservative ministers who railed against them, the Populists of the late 1800s and the High Church business elite who were locked in combat, the Protestant Prohibitionists and the heavily Catholic "wets" who opposed them, the Civil Rights movement of the 1950-'60s and the racist but Bible-beating Southerners who fought them: they have all fought over an impossibly tangled blend of religion and politics.
During a Summer Session at UT Brownsville I used Stupid America in one of the Sabal Palms Lectures I delivered there. The audience responded to the poem just as we all did when you first wrote it almost 40 years ago. Your work in Chicano poetry will stand as a testament to struggles we’ve endured as Chicanos in proclaiming our presence in this country; and your poetry will stand as the legacy
Another thing that hasn't changed is Jesse's observation of being unlucky at love (or at least just bad luck when choosing who to love) as most of the songs prove here and like the those songs from the proceeding records he may be bummed out by the situation the songs upbeat tempo's and chiming Rickenbacker sounds make it feel like everything is all easy come easy go.
so and has the closing speed needed to make a shoe string tackle of the ball carrier when he’s coming through the hole. In addition, he
Now, my love, the rule is if you are going to insist on waking me up very early (for me) on a Sunday morning (my last day off and lie in for the foreseeable future) please remember that if your arm has a cup of tea at the end of it you are much less likely to wake the beast and you could probably even get away with putting the football on without me snarling and growling at you.
As a sports fan I am well used to discussions of ‘form’. Football players can be on and off form at almost the drop of a hat; with cricket players we are often reminded that ‘form is temporary and class is permanent’.
The skirmishers begin, they crawl cautiously ahead, I hear the
Pictures will be posted after class of our delicate creations of culinary Art .
Then sit/stand back and sip coffee. Sure they'll all start eating, drinking and rooster will be doing his thang to the ladies, (urgh!) but sooner or later one of those girls will crave a bit of egg laying.
This loaf is really moist and surprisingly sweet – delicious way to start the day and makes a great alternative to oats in the morning.
I once had a student - a long time ago - who told me that the term "trans" was too limiting in their particular experience. "Trans," this kid told me, "assumes a person is transforming from one specific thing into another specific thing." My student was young - maybe fifteen - with dark, wide-spaced eyes, a shorn head, a fine-boned face and an easy smile. Tattoos on the neck. Lean, ropy muscles. Long, tapered fingers. Painfully thin - a body made of reeds and sticks and dry grass.
1. Have a basic plan of attack. It doesn't have to be super detailed. In fact that will probably be another "failure" to your name as some of us are just not built for detailed plans! I have reviewed just about every type of schedule and the one that works best for me is the very basic one. I write down each room and I put how long I want to work in those rooms. Most of the time it is 15 minutes. On some days its 30 if I need to mop or do any other deep cleaning. Be sure to meal plan as part of your plan of attack! I also suggest at least one time a week cooking a double meal and freezing the second one. This will give you some easy on days where things don't go quite to plan.
Dismissing the appeal, the CFI affirmed the descriptiveness ground and spared itself the need to review distinctiveness on the basis that, once one absolute bar to registration is found to operate, there's no need to consider the others. The fact that the two words were neologisms and did not appear in any dictionary did not make them registrable as trade marks.
Hex escorts the sheriff outside as Bat looks on.
After a couple more days, and after cleaning under the sofa, I was sitting knitting again when I saw something else moving and this time it was a huge spider. I mean really huge. Like Woody Allen said, it was the size of a Buick. I'm not scared of spiders, but I don't like really huge ones indoors. I took its photograph - I won't post it here in case some of you never come back - and sent it to a friend, who said it looked like a garden spider. This is a fairly vague label, but it does support my idea that it was something that shouldn't have been indoors. The one I just found amongst my scarves wasn't quite so huge but still has very long legs. I expect it's this deeply unsettling weather that's causing it. At midnight on Friday in Edinburgh it was 18 C in Edinburgh, hotter than London or Paris. It was balmy in Waverley Station - any of you who have ever been in Waverley Station will know that it has its own micro-climate and is inhospitably cold all year round. It has metal benches which chill you to the bone if you sit on them for 5 minutes, but on Friday evening, it was balmy. I don't know if we should be looking out for polar bears or for leopards, but I'm not surprised we have a few extra spiders.
And her weapon of choice
Sure.
Outfit Specs: Click the images to be taken to their flickr pages where the info is and you can also see larger versions.
First the parent read us a book about Tet called "Ten Mice for Tet".
I think it's about boredom.
6. Stir in the coarsely chopped oreo cookies with a spoon.
I’m still not clear about the actual sequence of events but trying to eliminate a partner in the company, took down the whole foundation it was built on. It was less than 3 months ago that I had signed the papers for my condo chaining myself to a mortgage, I had just finished my degree the summer before so I didn’t have a lot of savings left, and had a slue of health issues that required me to need health insurance and suddenly the floor got ripped out from under me. I panicked. They gave us a month left to work, no severance, no Christmas bonus, no continuing health coverage due to it being such a small company that was disbanding. It sucked, plain and simple.
I never take Bennett out in public. And I mean N-E-V-E-R.
I wrote about this on my blog (since I have a whole series devoted to such things: Faux Pas Fridays!). Here it goes again:
Again: Oseh shalom bimromav, Hu ya’aseh shalom aleinu…And take this place in your heart that you have with John and yourself and maybe other loved ones and bring it into this chant, into these Hebrew words that talk about bringing worlds together beyond us—worlds that are perhaps not in the living realm—and our own lives together as we connect here. Let’s sing a little bit: Oseh shalom bimromav, Hu ya’aseh shalom aleinu…
I don't know why, but wild animals think they live here.
Nikka describes its smell as having a honeyed richness, with blackcurrant, apricot, plum and pear notes and a strong peaty bassline. The taste is described as having a matured richness, with a burly peaty "bitter" character complicated by seaside flavours. The peatiness is still there at the finish with the sweet dried fruits flavours detected on the nose now emerging. Sounds a treat!
and tags. Stay tuned!
April 24th:
and the grey stone wall
Footwork
Why, I asked him, shouldn’t Republicans learn from their 2010 midterm victory that an unswerving opposition to Obama is politically profitable?
11.) How I Met Your Mother
Original 12" - Blue Boy
The first part of the course was a close reach past Battle Pt and then when we cleared the point, we went closehauled and pointed right at the the mark at University Point. We out pointed the other boats in our class and had superior boatspeed. We also passed the previous two classes with the exception of one cruising class boat that we passed just after rounding the mark. As we neared the mark, the winds lightened under the bluff that shadows this area. We had to take two short tacks to get around the mark. Dulcinea went deep into the cove towards the right and gave up a lot of distance.
In honor of my upcoming appearance at the LDStorymakers Conference this weekend, I have put together my very own personal list of top 10 writers’ conference don’ts.
I always knew that I am an artist. I may have known even then but chose to ignore it. I even grew up thinking that having very few playmates was okay. My dad, who happened to be a gifted musician was very choosy with my playmates. They have to be either relatives or somebody who at least come from respectable families. And when you say respectable, these are the non gossipers, create a scene drinkers, gamblers and social climbers. Our neighborhood was an ordinary one. We have our share of gossipers in the family, envious crab minded people, who had been jealous of us just simply because. Looking back I found that quite funny, mixed with sadness and gratefulness because it had shaped me and of how I chose to live my life today.
Glenn Close gives an Oscar-worthy performance to add to her already impressive resume, playing one of her most challenging screen roles yet.
But heck, this year everything is blooming early
The Pentagon is investigating whether military officials ignored complaints from senior officers about a course that was found to have inflammatory and inaccurate content about Islam.
WE HAVE GOT TO STOP HAVING AN AFFAIR WITH THE WORLD, living in the wrong set of laws that produce death and not life.
As the village struggled to construct a new school, Lisa asked her own family members to contribute and managed to cobble together enough to pay the initial construction costs for the building. When she moved back to the United States, she continued to raise money — enough to add a library and fill it with books. This year, 700 girls are going to school in the town where rebels burnt their school down – and the first class of girls will graduate in 2011.
One of the other teachers in my school knows that I make Cozies. Her daughter, who is in 5th grade, asked me to make a Cozy for her iPod Touch. She told me that she loves the colors purple and teal. I gave my photobucket link to her and she picked out the beautiful purple fabric. I chose an identical teal fabric to go with it, added a crocheted flower, and this is what the finished product looked like. My friend's daughter was very happy with her new Cozy.
“Don’t make a wish.”
Other liberation movements or civil rights activists are not required to free the world, why is this a necessary for animal liberation and vegans?
3. Cabin Fever by Jeff Kinney
The lowered intelligence, psychiatric diseases and low status that result from handicaps that afflict many Muslim children as a result of inbreeding may increase the chances of luring people into becoming suicide bombers.
_______________________
We humble ourselves before God and ask that He change us first. We get honest about the sin in our lives, and repent from all sin. We forgive those that have wronged or hurt us. We align our life with God’s Word. We pray fervently for revival around us — in the church and in the country.
Hence, to use Christ s own words: The gates of hell shall not prevail against her (Matt 16:18), because in her office of teacher she has Christ with her, all days, even to the consummation of the world. Euntes . . . docete . . . et ecce ego vobiscum sum omnibus diebus usque ad consummationem saeculi (Matt 28:19, 20).
1/2 teaspoon each of cinnamon, cardomom, allspice and salt
Time after time Elijah saw the great miracles God did yet he still felt like just giving up. I will admit I have those moments too… times when I would just like to hide under the covers and not face the world. We may not see the same kind of miracles Elijah did but everyday God gives us our own miracles, both big and small. Like Elijah we become so wrapped up in our own fears and concerns that we forget what God is doing in us and through us and what He has promised to do.
It's a life style change...seeking to obey.
I spent a few hours with this little dolly and her proud parents yesterday and had so much fun photographing her...she has the most gorgeous skin!
San Francisco Chronicle
Now come on over an join us this week, the team has made some AMAZING projects that you will want to check out HERE.
Give yourself one to taste. Only one...
..... why does one need one of these? Can you not shake or stir your own martini? It's not that hard. I do it all the time.... I prefer mine shaken, not stirred. I took it as laziness at a whole new level. Hilarious, though, no?
“Safety and security is an extremely emotive issue in this country, it is time that we all started coming together as communities and taking back the streets from this scourge that is sucking the life from this land” said Bibb, who is well known for his surf art.
Over the next year, as a result, I plan on celebrating Nothing Happened Day in advance with a new weekly feature: the End of the World of the Week Club. Every week, after the usual (or unusual) essay, I’ll be posting a brief discussion of one of the many apocalypses that slipped past its pull date. It should be entertaining and, just possibly, enlightening. If it manages to help at least a few people step outside the hall of mirrors constructed by all those grand narratives that celebrate our supposedly special status, and begin to notice what the world is like when we stop treating ourselves as the center of attention for the entire cosmos, it may even do some good.
Wordoodle! is part language fun, part font fun. Both are near and dear to my heart. When my two brothers and I were kids, Dad would bust out this huge, ragged old dictionary and pick 10 random words from it. We each had our own pieces of paper and pencils and were asked to spell the 10 words and when we were done, we would learn what the words meant. (I always won. But I’m also the oldest so…) This memory is special, and I’m excited to pass on the tradition with my son. For my mom’s part, she instilled a love of Scrabble. To this day, it’s pretty impossible for the four of us to be together and not get a game in. Dad is too cool to play. But he has no problem being the equal-opportunity hovering vulture come game time.
Collaborate- After you have highlighted and identified the important portions of your transcript, you can export that data, by issue codes or topics, in an organized, efficient way. This information can be shared with co-counsel, your staff or client to help clarify issues.
Having more or less received his friend’s blessing, Ted meets Robin on her return from Moscow. They go on a date much like their very first, and in the end…they realize they aren’t meant to be. Not in 5 years, not when they’re 40- not ever. Marshall, betting in favor of the star-crossed romance, takes one last shot at changing their minds, but eventually convinces Robin to move out of Ted’s apartment instead.
This cookbook feels so much more comfortable and familiar while introducing recipes that I sure haven’t tried before. The directions are simple and don’t have you performing acrobatic feats in your kitchen. You don’t need a culinary degree to make what the author is telling you to make and I like that. This will have you eager to try new things that really aren’t too foreign and it will allow you to have such a variety of flavors in your family’s meals that no one will get a case of the “blahs” at dinner time.
Subjects: Fishing, Historical Fiction, Wisconsin, Death/Grief/Loss (Mother), Community
finish things off. Hope you all had a wonderful
This land has been owned by the university since before many of us began chasing our degrees. In fact, I remember reading an article in one of the first issues of The Rabbit that raised the issue of the strange and wonderful wildlife that lived within this waterlogged overgrown field. Now this may not seem a big deal to many of you but the issue itself was that this group of wild creatures included snakes. Since this article it has been all quiet on the windy side of the university; until one day steel fencing and floodlights shot up around the field and it was tamed, raised and levelled. Apart from giving a late night walk back from the campus the feeling of stumbling back to your tent at a festival there seems to be very little going in the way of construction. So what is going on?
It was time for war!
The most hilarious part of the night? When we turned The Middle after the kids were in bed... if you watched it, just know that there are cameras hidden in our house because the first 3 minutes of the show had to have been stolen from our family!
Enter our current home. It took us a couple of years to find a home that fit our criteria - large, nice neighborhood, and ugly. Yes, we wanted something that we could completely redo. Because we knew that we could get a great deal on something that needed work. And we found it here.
But luckily, I am not one who shies away from slightly off-beat or quirky. In fact, that's what I'm all about. I think I may actually even like this version better than what I'd originally planned. The buttons are attached to snaps, and if I get really, really nitpicky I may go back and move the bottom button 1/8" so that it lies perfectly flat, and add another hidden snap to hold everything in place better. But I like to think of this as version One Point Oh, i.e. good enough to wear out in public. OPO. Kris and I are trying to become better friends with OPO. Because TPO may never come into existance, but I kind of want to wear my cardigan now.
It’s the end of a decade
Catherine is developed by Atlus’s Persona Team know for the popular Persona JRPG series. Unlike Persona, Catherine is a puzzle game. You play as Vincent Brooks, a software developer in a long-term relationship with his girlfriend Katherine. You wake up in a nightmare climbing a collapsing tower. The next morning Vincent and Katherine discuss their relationship. Later than night after his friends leave the bar Vincent stays to reflect and meets a woman. He finds himself in the nightmare again discovering that if he can survive and climb the eight floors he can escape the nightmares. Upon waking up is in bed with the beautiful woman from the bar also named Catherine.
free as air thy mercies flow;
Shucks thanks for all the comments. I did have a day at it plus neighbours every day this week. I make 20 spots per hour and the connecting takes half an hour per row, so quick.I am making grannies for Australian flood victims today. Sarah London link at the top if you are interested
Be careful out there!
Looking for power-pop perfection? Then look no further than Meligrove Band's Shimmering Lights. It's one of those albums from which you could pick a song at random - be it Heart Attack, Bones Attack!!! or any of the other eight tracks without the word "Attack" in the title - and you'd be guaranteed to come away listening to one of catchiest tunes you're ever likely to hear.
There is a body-less “barbershop quartet of heads” that function like the chorus in Greek plays as they sing verses such as, “ ‘The body’s full of juices cooking down to jelly, and a jelly’s just a cube with too much heat, like tinted Lucite waiting to become a living room objet.’ ” Often, we meet a kind of main character sleeping in the dumpster amid the clippings of hair behind the beauty college that borders the undeveloped tracts of land. And, in a passage that typifies the experience of bodies in the landscape and the body of the land, there is a detailed account of expectoration.
The source said MAS CEO Tengku Datuk Azmil Zahruddin would step down from his post to make way for these changes while Rashdan, who is Khazanah’s executive director of investments, would likely play a more active role in the airline until a CEO is identified.
Here's the schedule of upcoming Weird Wednesday movies at the Alamo Drafthouse Ritz. All shows are free for people who don't talk during the movie. All films are presented on 35mm film prints. Sponsored by I Luv Video.
Joan, the lazy bitch, who held down only little part time jobs, was too lazy and proud to even get a job as a cashier at a grocery store – or do like me, work in a hospital emptying bedpans. What? She’s too good for that?
*If no agent expresses interest and gives you no constructive feedback, your manuscript may need some work. You might consider a) hiring a freelance editor, b) pay for a professional critique, c) work with a writing coach, or d) put this manuscript away for a while and concentrate on your next project.
He created a system to allow or prevent a President from visiting Mars.
But the paint was good and did not run out, not even when their fingers had been worn to the bone.
I pleaded to the young teenage boy to take the dog away but even after various attempts to pull it away the dog did not budge.
1. Attempt to grow it, and if the squirrels dig through your pot to steal every last seed (really, squirrels?), then resort to the grocery store or farmer’s market.
But she was adamant. It was also her first time to join a mass action in Manila.
I’ve eaten all over the U.S., and I have to say that the two greatest American towns for eating are (in decreasing order) New Orleans and Chicago. The ethnic diversity of this town means we have a tremendous diversity of cuisine. I can’t think of a single nationality of food that we can’t get here. We even have a Georgian restaurant! And while New York City probably has an equal diversity, it doesn’t have the same quality in every area.
The winners are Sherie Lagarde and Thelma Benzhoff. Congrats Sherie and Thelma!
6. Murray State Racers
And I’ll admit, some of that thinking is valid. I’m a proponent of letting go of resentment as long as you also also hold on to truth—but that’s not forgiveness as it’s commonly understood. You can let go of resentment because you know it’s corrosive; because you have simply outgrown it, like the way-too-sweet Hershey’s candy you used to crave as a kid; or because you have a philosophical disagreement with it. Letting go of resentment or its predecessor, anger, is entirely in your control, and doesn’t require you to extend anything at all to the other person, nor does it require the other person to change, apologize, or even acknowledge the problem. Letting go of resentment, or anger, or hate—or fear, for that matter—is about grace.
I will reiterate again (for all the good it seems to do) that this essay, like his others, is descriptive; it is not normative. We have become so bullied by the censorious politically correct language police that we are no longer able to differentiate between the two kinds of rhetoric. Like children, we conflate description with reality, as if by imagining what might occur, we magically make it happen by speaking.
That is not living.
I like a dollop of french vanilla ice cream on top of a slice of warmed pie
Let’s also add, that we have as many “championships” as anyone. NCAA I, II & III, NAIA, NJCAA, Junior Olympic, Youth, Club, and Masters. Which means we should be leaving a nice “footprint” of who we are and what we do somewhere along the way. And it should help that we are the core sport of the Olympic Games – only the biggest sporting extravaganza in sports history!
Opponents of wind turbines say the audible noise affects animals, lowers property values, causes suffering and is a serious risk to health. Several doctors have noted a marked increase in depression for some people living near wind farms. Medical journals recognize a wide range of symptoms associated with noise that affect health.
While I was buying new jeans I came across a beautiful pair of Rag and Bone boots. They were a simple leather boot with a black canvas strap up the side of the boot. It was a stunning turn on the stable black boot. I looked for the price tag but the lack of one said to me that it was sure to be out of my price range.
If I could have that time back and dictate what would have happened here is how it would have went:
"I believe they're culturally unaware of what the word means," their attorney James D'Loughy said. "I think there is some puritanical viewpoint based on the letter we received." In a letter to the owners' attorney, the Florida Department of State Divisions of Corporations denied the trademark request because, "The mark consists of, compromises or includes immoral, deceptive or scandalous matter."
The most obvious way in which people could be induced to spend their money locally would be to issue the basic income in terms of a complementary currency which could only be spent locally. People may at first be reluctant to recognise the complementary currency as having value but this would change if it were to be backed by real value that could be obtained with it. We shall explore that possibility below.
.Jesus’ second shot goes into the water and lands on a rock.
Ironically, it was the shortest piece of the travels, a mere 500 miles to Fairbanks and back yesterday, that really did me in.
The last time I stepped in to get his submission sorted out was when he was on a ship without photocopier, stapler, postal service, that sort of thing. That year, he'd been reasonably productive and had some trade articles, a couple of national pieces and that was about it. Yet it still took 2 people most of a day to photocopy and collate the 4 separate packs that are required for the judges.
www.lynetteendicott.blogspot.com
Companies that will win in the long term are those that can continue to simplify experience while simultaneously tackling harder and harder problems. Sure, it’s novel and powerful that Square can accept payments for a 10-person retail store, but when they start to do it for Gap, the game is radically changed. Amazon succeeds by continuing to charge into all areas of infrastructure delivery–consistently launching new tools and platforms that would otherwise cost developers an arm and a server closet, all with the same focus on abstraction and simplification.
i should be enjoying the silence.
Those thoughts cycled through my head, but after talking with some friends, I decided the least I could do was go and get a guest pass. Most gyms offer a guest pass (that are free and good for 3 days to a week, depending) so potential customers can try out the gym before committing to a membership. I was nervous when I first walked in and was greeted by a friendly staffer named Askia. I inquired about a guest pass. I’m sure I wasn’t physically shaking out of fear, but it sure felt that way. One of the first things Askia asked was what I was looking for out of a gym, and what my goals were. I thought about it, and responded: “Well, I’m like to switch up my exercise routine, and hopefully, lose some weight.” It seemed like a good thing to say, even though I’m not entirely sure of its truth, given the way I was eating back then.
Indication:
2007: Police called, SWAT team arrives, arrests Johnny and Mark. Charge them with assault, both expelled even though Johnny started it.
“Sex & the Country – What happened when four singletons, fed up with shallow urban lives, upped sticks in a quest for rural romance?”
As I mentioned above with the word cheque/ check, you will also have to match your spelling to the publication. English is not spelled the same in Britain and the USA. Again this is not an insurmountable problem. Here’s one site of many that can help you.
Every mother, especially, should keep a diary in which to note the successive phases of her child's physical, mental, and moral growth, with particular attention to the moral; so that parents may be enabled to make a timely forecast of their children's character; to foster in them every germ of good, and by prompt precautions to suppress, or at least restrain, what is bad." Vol 2 pg 105-106
I did not expect to walk in on my sweet little roommate with my step-brother’s cock halfway down her throat. I took a moment to figure out exactly what was happening and, I’m not ashamed to admit, enjoy the scene a little bit.
MTV: You really need to learn how to calibrate conversations...
This is the year of the dragon. Dragon is supposed to be a bringer of good fortune. Good Luck to you.
Have a nice day!
As I am sure you know, we love our hops around here. And Jim and our brewers have a certain obsession for our Bavarian Noble hops, specifically the Hallertau Mittelfrueh variety, prized for its unique flavor and aroma. It is the soul of our Samuel Adams Boston Lager. In 2005, we released Samuel Adams Imperial Pilsner 2005 Harvest, a beer that showcased the Hallertau Mittelfrueh hop. It was a truly amazing beer that took these hops to another level.
I glow today and the tears fade away
Moby while awake - she can peek around and see what's going on:
One of the best moments of a Tanya concert is when she performs her very first hit, Delta Dawn.
Lord Tebbit, London SW1
J'ai la troisième carte pour la classe que je donne chez Carousel. J'ai enseigné la première classe aujourd'hui et les filles sont si bonnes, nous avons eu bien du plaisir! Cette carte est ma favorite et ce n'est pas dans les teintes que j'utilise normalement.
Western science has had remarkable success in explaining the functioning of the material world, but when it comes to the inner world of the mind, it has very little to say. And when it comes to consciousness itself, science falls curiously silent. There is nothing in physics, chemistry, biology, or any other science that can account for our having an interior world. In a strange way, scientists would be much happier if minds did not exist. Yet without minds there would be no science.
Letting it be
May the Irish hills caress you.
So how do you get to become, “like-able”??
Absence makes the heart grow fonder: it would appear the old adage is true. Take that business trip. While you're away her positive feelings of closeness, meaningfulness and appreciation will likely decline. However, upon your return they will return full force and surge to an all-time high. Just make sure you call while you're away to help reduce the chance of the negative feelings sticking around upon your return.
How did my stylish yet resourceful packing job hold up?
What situations do you repeat for the rush? Do you put off finishing projects until the last minute, so you have the thrill of that last-minute cram and the feeling of accomplishment when you’re done? Do you steal little things to see if you can get away with it? Do you snoop in other people’s personal belongings? Do you have to feel like you’re falling in love all the time for a relationship to be important? Or maybe your addiction is as innocent as the double-dose of endorphins from a nice warm cup of hot chocolate when you’re feeling blue, because that made you feel loved when you were a kid. What feelings (and associated chemicals) do you re-create over and over?
April 10, 2012. Denver, Colorado: It’s not “liberalism” that destroyed Detroit. It’s not “unions” that left Detroit in ruins. Paul Kersey–of SBPDL.com fame–answers the question of who is to blame for Detroit’s collapse in his fourth book, Escape from Detroit: The Collapse of America’s Black Metropolis.
After I doubled clicked on the fob to unlock the doors I tossed my keys onto the passenger seat. I generally do this when I pumping gas, and tonight the pants I was wearing had no pockets so it seemed the right thing to do. However, if you double click to unlock and then don't open the back doors the car automatically re-locks. I have actually set the alarm off while sitting in the car by unlocking but not leaving the car for a few minutes. Yes, it's as awkward and embarrassing as it sounds to set off your car alarm while inside. Since I decided I didn't need my coat I never opened the back door after unlocking the car, thus leaving myself vulnerable to the auto lock ghost.
We made quite a noise about socially cleansing all of the poor people out of London and evicting pensioners and foster parents for daring to have a spare room. As for letting the Government decide how long you are able to be unwell, we made a dreadfully big fuss over that, but sadly, they remained convinced that their DWP magic wands would make 1 year enough.
At 27 I find myself entering that “quarter-life crisis.” You know, that point in life when you wonder what is the next step. Some days I feel I need to spread my wings and fly to some great unknown part of the world and start anew. However, when I find myself thinking about this radical venture, I tell myself, “Trey, look what you will leave behind.”
At the far end of the lake is the town of Keswick; a great place to spend the day. There are numerous art galleries in Keswick and throughout the Lake District which exhibit local artists’ work. Beyond the town is the fell Helvellyn which at 3000+ feet is one of only four fells above 3000 feet in England. The other three are Skiddaw, Scafell Pike and Scafell.
Happy Friday all! I'm excited for you to hear from my interns, here at Pickwick House. Starting off, I'd like to introduce you to Morgan Franke. She is a hospitality, event planning major at MSU. She's involved mostly with my store layout, store layout for parties, workshops, and stylish ideas for upcoming events. Today, she talks about trends she's loving in interiors.
If not, you can use this KWLI chart to be completed. (NOTE: you will have to sign up but they will just ask you for you email, it's free)
I have come to accept these twists-of-fate kind of things lately with open arms. The universe and I are on timidly friendly terms, meeting in the middle on thin ice, shaking hands, eyeing each other up. I'm ready for more. Bring it on.
True Blood
However, the price we pay for this convenience is a loss of freedom of privacy. And if the Government gets its own way and introduces the bill that will allow them to monitor and store every email we send, skype conversation we have and trace our movements to every website we visit, then we had better pray that all this highly personal, intimate and private information on us is never hacked into or abused, and that there will never be a corrupt person in government, the civil service or the security services. Ever.
Tipton Hall, Santa Fe Art Institute
I’d written a post yesterday with an excerpt from a devotional I’d been given. It was followed up with a great report of Nora’s wonderful day. Just as I had finished up, Nora had a blue episode – the worst one yet. Paramedics were called and administered oxygen, then left after Nora got her color back. We later decided to take her to Children’s Hospital for observation until we get her echo done – here we still are. Nora is holding steady without anymore episodes. She’s on oxygen and hooked up to a million monitoring wires, but fortunately we’re still able to hold her and love on her.
So, anyway, when brands lose their minds and go off the rails, their next move is usually to snap back to their roots. With that in mind, here's the kind of campaign I expect Pepsi to force the shepherds and steerers to come up with:
I am sure everyone will find this an easy challenge to join in with as we all like to use one or the other on our creations.
Something similar happened in the past few days. For a while, the Republicans were shouting about “religious freedom” – i.e., the freedom of employers to pick and choose which prescription and procedures their employees’ health plan would cover. Then Rush Limbaugh joined the chorus and screwed everything up, and that issue became a loser. All of a sudden, Republicans couldn’t change the topic fast enough. The whole thing was “absurd.” They wanted to talk about the “real issues” that are “important to Americans.” Limbaugh himself echoed this dump-your-losing-issues idea in an “apology” that is characteristically inaccurate, and in its inept language is probably funnier than most of his material. “I think it is absolutely absurd that during these very serious political times, we are discussing personal sexual recreational activities before
Slowly bring to the boil then reduce the heat and simmer for 40 minutes until the fruit and onions are tender, stirring occasionally.
I guess I'd better clear this up now. Just because I'm starting this blog partly as a platform for this loosely defined Session Beer Project, it does not mean that I do not like big beers, do not like experimental beers, do not like (deep breath here) extreme beers. I do like them – to a point.
Richards is no stranger to MWR as he headlined for the first ever Missouri Wrestling Revival Best of the Midwest DVD in his match with 2008 MWR Wrestler of the Year “The Rebel” Jeremy Wyatt. The Best of the Midwest matches showcased the great talent in the area at several promotions.
If you are in the DFW area, book us:
This is a complicated image. The first two boats up front are the tugs W.N. Twolan (left) and Radium Yellowknife (right). Behind them is another orange tug, Salvage Monarch. Behind her is the big gray Menier Consol, which is the floating drydock. Behind her is the former Windsor cruise vessel The Senator.
Near the Mitsukoshi store is a cart now selling beverages and snacks (several versions of fried peas – I love them Wasabi Peas for sure!).
-Makeup-
5. Masculinity in disguiseOK, stop thinking that all Shanghainese husbands are submissive, girlie or wimpy. Believe me, these great guys have the flag of masculinity flying in their hearts. Shanghainese men simply see it as their responsibility to provide their families with a wealthy life. Their outlook is, “I’ll make all the money and deal with all the ‘bei ju,’" a trendy Internet phrase in China meaning “everything tragic.”So, yes, they are tough. But always thoughtful.Shanghai husbands almost always give their wives their entire salaries (receiving an allowance in return), but not before hiding some “si fang qian” (secret money) for personal use. Yet even with their “si fang qian,” Shanghai husbands are likely to buy their wife a gift to make her laugh.That’s called being a man in Shanghai.Do you agree or disagree?
we gather here around the fire
He is promising to love me, and show me that he loves me. (he says he can see how he neglected me)
We’ll all be missing out on some great acts unfortunately, however for those interested in Younghearts they’ll be playing at a gig at Notting Hill Arts Club, London on the 23rd May, they’re definitely one to look out for! More information here.
Disinformation On Every Front INFOWARS.COM
Now the song has finished and i can’t rememebr the good points. Oh… there’s the bit where it’s all slow, then it goes Crash. I lurve that bit. that agains signifys my love, because usually i hat the word Lurve. It’s kinda stupid.
Think it is no coincidence that you’re here reading this.
a first-rate accent. In a remark that seemed delightfully uncalculated
But aside from that,what tipped the scales was the French resentment of Germany's dominance of the EU and German Chancellor Angela Merkel's insistence on fiscal austerity as a remedy for the eurozone's out of control debt and crumbling social welfare economies.
Depth of SeaI have told the story of why
It added that the ad was not misleading because there was a direct correlation between the number of people on the donor register and the number of organs available for transplants.
This week's generous sponsors are:
Heart disease is not just a problem that plagues our country. In fact, 23,600,000 people from around the world die annually from heart disease. Cardiovascular disease incurs a global cost of $310, 230,000,000 a year. This problem affects our world financially, socially, and personally. Since one in three people suffer from heart illness, isn’t it likely that you know someone who fights this battle? Share what you know and help save lives…maybe the statistics will be less frightening by the time next February comes around.
This is a time when you can and must release all things from the past so that you can move forward in My will and purposes. Cut the ties that bind or keep you bound through disappointment and failure. Keep your focus on the eternal now, and stay ever present with Me, says the Lord. I am doing a mighty liberating work in your hearts and minds. You would do well to cooperate with this work and set your sights on freedom.
When we slept, he hugged me and ... I let him. It was not that I meant to - I don't want to give that impression. It was just that he was so kind and available. And when we cuddled in bed, he was so warm and despite my clouded eyes, I knew how to accept a gift.
“You supply the alcohol, I’ll make sure the time is plenty fun”, she said in come hither way. Sometimes you just have to love what comes out of the mouths of babes. Images of various tantric sexual positions with hi-fi sound effects flooded me like a badly cut Oliver Stone montage. I’m sure the little she-devil was laughing at the state she had left me.
I’m no Miss Manners but that foreigner surely didn’t behave the way he should have. He was tipsy, fine, I get that and others might probably excuse him for not having the good sense of a head of lettuce, but not me brother. Not me. However, when something frustrating happens, I just utter to myself that it’s not the end of the world. I usually see the humor in the situation and laugh at myself or the others involved (hey I’m no saint!). I am able to manage my anger in some situations. I have a few strategies that work for me. I know exactly what to do when I start to feel signs of trouble.
Cute idea, huh?
Who is evaluating us for what we do? The colleges are, that's who. They are going to evaluate my children's homeschooling experience and try to figure out who they are. However I want to underscore that my kids do nothing for transcript padding.
1. stay in touch with everyone
On Bender’s use of LSD on children, Dr. Leon Eisenberg said years later: “She did all sorts of things. Lauretta Bender reached success in her career long before randomized controlled trials had even been heard of. She didn’t see the need for trials of drugs because she was convinced she knew what worked.” (See: “A History of Autism: Conversations with the Pioneers” by Adam Feinstein, Wiley-Blanchard, 2010.) Many other physicians speaking privately were far less diplomatic in condemning Bender’s LSD work, but, still today, many are reluctant to criticize her, and, remarkably, many of the aging stalwarts of the arguable “virtues” and “potential” of LSD continue to cite her work with children as groundbreaking science.
Elaborating further Radha Krishnan stated that only 17 kg. was used for the temple and the balance 83 kgs.is missing.
Before I took my leave left Alfred had advised me to attend Leeds. He spoke kindly of the poet and professor, Geoffrey Hill, who at the time, had been appointed to Boston University, largely due to Christopher Ricks’s having campaigned for him. I would later meet Hill and talk with him. Alfred’s reasoning for Leeds: it would give me experience in paleography experience. I took my MA at Leeds.
Enjoys biking...They have 2 DUI's and legally cannot drive.
Many people now understand and appreciate an organic garden’s healthy benefits, and are looking for a good organic gardening guide that teaches them how to start their very own organic garden. If you are looking for one, it is necessary to find a guide that educates you, the beginner, to advance organic gardening methods.
Bush is in my view primarily a Christian gentleman rather than a conservative but there are nonetheless some ways in which he is conservative. And there is of course a convergence in thinking between conservatism and at least some streams of Christianity which leads conservatism and Christianity to similar conclusions. We see something of that in the way George Bush explains his foreign policy stance:
My solicitor worked with me skilfully and diligently to find the best way to represent my experiences in a court of law. She generously made time for me and considered how the North Melbourne Legal Service could best support and represent me. She gave me the opportunity to reflect upon and decide how I wanted to proceed. She always communicated clearly and simply what I needed to do and what I could reasonably expect from the law. She made the whole process transparent and accessible.
“I hope the President’s speech tonight will emphasize the degree of our commitment in Afghanistan, rather than the plans for withdrawal. I would urge the President to return from this visit and spend more time speaking directly with the American people about the vital national security interests at stake in Afghanistan and the need for the United States to remain strongly engaged there in the years ahead.”
I accidentally refer to them as Afrikaners. “We’re Boer,” he corrects, “not Afrikaners.”
During a three-month Pastoral Ministry Course in Dublin Ireland, in 1975, I met a Father Michael Hollings, a priest-lecturer from London, England. He impressed me the most of all the thirty-two speakers I listened to. His constant theme came across like this: Spend time with the Lord before the Tabernacle: He is passing by with His healing graces, gifts of encouragement, peace and love – the same Gentle Person of the Gospels. Again and again, as I heard his words, the painting from the seminary dining room occupied my thoughts.
Like, to grind it up using my meat grinder attachment.
It’s nice to dream and that’s why so many people take part in something they have very little chance of winning. The odds of winning tonight are 176,000,000 to 1. Courtesy of the CBS Evening News, I learned these facts: You are more likely to be attacked by a shark (11,500,000 to 1) or being elected president (150,000,000 to 1); you are 50 times more likely to be struck by lightning.
An old rado-scarred bum walks up to the Needle to tell a guard that he has found Jonah Hex and that he wants the 2,000 soames reward (or about $12.14 in today's money). The bum says that he saw Hex hanging out by the old game pier. The guard explains that they have already caught Hex and the reward has been claimed. However, he gives the bum some soames to hold him over. The bum leaves and guard is excited about how he can collect the reward for locating Jonah Hex.
6yo: Know who I love best? You, Mommy ... And Gaga (Grandma) ...
didn't mean a thing.
Then Jesus went with his disciples to a place called Gethsemane, and he said to them, “Sit here while I go over there and pray.” He took Peter and the two sons of Zebedee along with him, and he began to be sorrowful and troubled. Then he said to them, “My soul is overwhelmed with sorrow to the point of death. Stay here and keep watch with me.” Going a little farther, he fell with his face to the ground and prayed, “My Father, if it is possible, may this cup be taken from me. Yet not as I will, but as you will.” Then he returned to his disciples and found them sleeping. “Couldn’t you men keep watch with me for one hour?” he asked Peter. “Watch and pray so that you will not fall into temptation. The spirit is willing, but the flesh is weak.” (Matthew 26:35–41 )
He's basically ruined me for... I've had really amazing luck with drummers, historically. The first fucking band I was in was with Orestes. Very briefly in New York I played in a band with the drummer from Phantom Tollbooth, who was a fabulous drummer. I played with Jerry Fuchs for years. I was in a band with Kevin Shea. It was crazy. But Orestes is the best. Even my dad, who doesn't know a lot about punk rock, would see Bitch Magnet and to this day he'd say "you know Orestes was really something." It's true... I've just never experienced anything like this. We'd come to practice and Sooyoung would say "here's a new song." Sooyoung would play the bass, Orestes would nod his head and play something. Sooyoung would say "here's the chorus" and he would play that, Orestes would nod his head and play something, and we'd play the song. It was literally like that. When we were putting "Dragoon" together for Ben Hur, Sooyoung would send a tape and he showed up and we would just blast it through. It's ridiculous. At the time, Orestes was a replacement drummer for Pay The Man. He replaced a guy named Pete Pollack, which may be a name that's familiar to you if you're really sneaky. When he replaced Pete Pollack, we went "oh I don't know, Pete's this really amazing drummer, Orestes, I don't know, he plays fusion or something..." He's had an interesting background, he's been drumming his whole life. He was out in Arizona, he wasn't playing any rock music but he was playing with a bunch of Brazilian bands. Brazilian percussion is a fucking bitch. Bossanova, it looks very simple, but it's like doing sixteenths with one hand and something different with the other hand, and there's no action, it's got to be really smooth. If it fucks up it feels really bad, and if it's good you just notice this bed. But you don't understand unless you know how hard it is to play. That's basically what he plays, and he's incredibly strong. He just warms up on the kit and he's musical. The only other person I've known who's done that has been Jerry Fuchs. They just start playing and it sounds like a song. It's unbelievable. There is a music school at Oberlin, but Orestes wasn't there for that, none of us were in the music program. That was classical and was hard-ass.
Because roads in most places are free at the point of usage, there is little financial incentive for drivers not to over-use them, up to the point where traffic collapses into a jam, when demand becomes limited by opportunity cost. Privatization of highways and road pricing have both been proposed as measures that may reduce congestion through economic incentives and disincentives.
SelectBooks, Inc. 2011
and the gods got to work
I need something to reassure me that I am going to get through this, that it will pass, that it will get better, that this pain will subside. I do realize that nothing external can provide this soothing. It has to come from within me. What if I don’t possess the capability to sooth myself. I was never soothed as a child, after all.
It’s now so fun to read those letter written in English with clumsy words, grammatical mistakes and so many spelling errors. But those feelings were real right? They did exist. I loved you so much that I wrote down so many thought about what would happened after graduation. I thought that I wouldn’t be able to smile or be happy again. Turns out new things distracted me a lot or new D…
Cape Town inspires me everyday to do better, be better and to make sure that I am always living up to my goal this year to #LiveLoveLaugh. I work and play hard here but there is not one day that passes where I don’t stop and just take in the amazing and wonderful sights that surround me. I have met amazing people who I am watching grow and develop themselves and that too pushes me on to be a better version of myself.
If we are so distracted that we are unable to pay attention to any signs in our life, indicating that we are either on the right path or the wrong path, we can be sure that the Truth will continue to do what it can to guide us. But if we continue to ignore the smaller signs indicating that we are not living in our Truth, then those signs get bigger and will usually become more devastating, disrupting and painful.
So dinner awaited. We tracked down three restaurants via Tripadvisor. Tonight we tried Le Saint Vernier, a very small local eatery. The rain had abated, so we could take a leisurely walk to the restaurant. The only people other than us were locals. Much kissing on the cheeks and slapping on the back. Given the moustache of the barman/waiter, I am actually pleased that we missed that part. About 30 covers:
So what does this OECD survey tell us about the French? That they have a great work-life balance? That insead of scoffing a sandwich at their desk they value the importance of sitting down, making conversation and breaking bread? That they place enormous emphasis on the art of eating, the quality of foodstuffs they ingest and time spent recharging their Gallic batteries? Or does this OECD report simply highglight the fact that the French are a bunch of food-obsessed, narcoleptic work-phobes?
6. The definition of the word "Nog" is: A block of wood inserted into masonry or brickwork so that something can be nailed to it. What rocket scientist was in charge of naming our festive holiday drinks THAT year???
Ideally we should be able to spend our time alongside the creek, uninterrupted by detours to less tranquil environments, as we go from one end of Dundas to another. Now there's a realizable goal to keep in mind!
I go off on a dating binge of my own in Chicago, trying to forget Dave by going out with guys who remind me of him: a British man, a few younger men and a dancer who’s having a fight with his girlfriend. Time passes, one of the younger blokes becomes my boyfriend, I email Dave to tell him the news, and I get a phone call from Australia.
But I've been thinking. I'm always thinking...
Today, tyrannical plutocracy has created extractive polities all over the world that are much the same as historical arrangements for monarchs, aristocrats, and conquerors in their economic effects. Once in power, tyrants rewrite the laws and the rules of ownership and wealth to benefit only themselves. Resistance may be punished with murder, because the tyrant owns the army. These pernicious schemes are extremely difficult to overcome, and even when they are, the new leadership often becomes worse than the one it replaced. Zimbabwe is a good example of this.
As I said last week I would definitely be changing up my work outs. I want to find out what works best for me, what I like and don't like. Also, I have been getting better with cardio but Im still working on it. Promise.
We left Salt Lake City Saturday morning and had Alyssa’s sister Laura and her husband Chris joining us for the trip. We drove straight to Goblin Valley then west to the trailhead for Little Wild Horse Canyon. The weather was perfect, bluebird skies combined with high 60 degree temperatures which make for great hiking conditions. The plan was to hike the loop using Bell Canyon to go up then Little Wild Horse to come back down. Bell is the less extreme of the two and Chris made the smart suggestion of doing Bell first so we would have the best stuff, Little Wild Horse at the end. It was also a good plan since there a large number of cars parked at the trailhead and being that we were doing an afternoon start to the 7 mile hike, it would give time for the numbers to get off the trail and be less congestion.
I can keep on turning pages of this book and find such masterpieces on each and every page. I do not know if there is any other author who could write in a similar way as Wodehouse.
19. Who we are
How to Prove “Exceptional Ability” in the Performing Arts
Hmm . . . not as pretty, I'm afraid . . . That section of the fence was knocked down two years ago by a couple of teenage troublemakers that were trying to run away from the police by jumping fences. The kids were caught, by the way, and the father made one of the kids come over the next day and attempt to make restitution. Unfortunately, we already knew that the fence was in bad shape and it seemed petty to make him pay for it. Instead, my husband made him pick up a gazillion apples from the apple trees in front that we have since cut. I wrote about our apple trees here and here.
I say we can,
How can you envision in your dreams an experience you’ve never had? Is this a Jungian thing? Could it be that the neurological wiring that acts when a cat catches prey can also cause images to form in the brain? That seems doubtful, especially if a cat has never seen a bird or a mouse.
Friday night I saw a lady come as close to death as you possibly could without being hurt. It was one of the most upsetting things I have seen in a long time.
Green Salad
There is something particularly lovely and pretty special about drinking from the brewery tap surrounded by boxes of hops, dozens of casks and hundreds of bottles of lovely beer. Beer always tastes better straight from the brewery tap. No question.
The rugs are stacked in our breakfast area, where six kitties and a certain puggle sit strategically, like fuzzy little chess pieces!
Buy 10 stamps of one size, get the 11th of the same size FREE.
George Peppared-Steak-on-Rye will play the louche writer, Paul Varjak-Budweiser, always a sucker for Holly's come-on lines.
for joining me.
There has to be more than this.
I've had these earrings for year but never really thought about them much or looked at them too closeley. They are hematite chandelier with jewel tone accents (sorry, hard to see in the picture), and as I was putting away another pair of earrings the night before this picture was taken, I noticed that I really liked how the mauve and teal looked together. Voila, outfit inspiration.
That they should not want to breathe anymore
-22.968290, 134.448124
I'm bringing some extra food crafts this weekend in honor of Valentine's Day. I'll start off with this easy scone recipe. It makes some super yummy, tender scones and you can substitute in berries, dried fruits and more to make any flavor you like. Also, while a lot of scone recipes call for cutting in cold butter, these use melted butter and make a spoonable batter. Easy for you, yummy for the ones you love :)
To begin work on the lamp, I placed the timber on top of the base board and positioned the antler in front how I thought it would fit. I then eyeballed what I thought would be a good height for the post based on the size and shape of the antler and made a mark to cut off the post. Let me tell you, cutting the post was much more difficult than it probably would have been had I had a table saw or radial arm saw or some other fun tools. Instead, all I had was my circular saw, which would not cut all the way through the timber, and my trusty hand saw, which was now even more dull after sawing the antlers for my previous project and not replacing the blade yet. Of course power tools are more fun, so naturally I decided to use the circular saw to make 2 cuts on the timber – one from the top as deep as the blade would go and then flip it over and make another cut that would ideally line up perfectly with my first cut and leave a nice smooth surface. I’m not sure this was the best or safest idea, but I still have all my fingers and didn’t have to make a trip to the ER. Anyway, as you can probably guess, my cuts weren’t perfect and symmetrical, so I ended up with a some definite texture (aka ridges) on the top of the post. Way to go. No matter I thought. Instead of working like crazy to make a perfectly level top, I opted to incorporate the uneven top into the plan for the piece and simply smoothed out the ridges using a hand file and sandpaper. I thought it actually gave the lamp some character. Sometimes mistakes end up making you look like you had a master plan all along even when you don’t – I think it’s pretty cool how it works out that way.
—Billy Collins
The air inside the liquor store went cold
Marko was promiscuous and although men are often celebrated for being a ladies’ man, Marko admits that much of his detachment to women, and sexual promiscuity were related to things that he was embattled with much of his life.
Facebook for Gazette, Advertiser and Press on Strike
But what about the actual people who built the now ruined exclusive holiday resorts and who did so without wages and remuneration for their labour and expertise over their lifetime of enslavement? According to British Colonial Office under enslavement in 1817, 20,168 African workers were enslaved in St Kitts and 9,062 in Nevis, a product of 29,230. How should this African contribution be remembered and honoured, particularly the work of these 312/29230 Africans? How should their contributions to the construction of Wingfield be given positive acknowledgement particularly in the form of the wages for the works completed over their lifetime? In today’s economy should a percentage of any monies received out of the ruined Wingfield Estate, be placed in a development fund and held in the interest of the people of Old Road? And further where it is found beyond reasonable doubt that person(s) are direct descendants of any of the 312 Africans recorded in the 1817 British Colonial Office census then should reparation be paid? These are indeed vexatious questions thwarted with controversy, but nevertheless the time for debate and discussion seeking answers and solutions to these questions is ripe.
- The good not done, the love not given, time
I also started putting toys in as I went. This was so I could determine where I wanted the shelving on the sides to go. Everything needed to fit well.... not too crowded, yet not too much empty space.
N. Deavour
Tip #2. When you are sick, get as much help as you can.
I began, “Ted, I’m going to bring you before the medical board.”
God called him to be an apostle to the gentiles by revealing his Son Jesus “in” him, whatever that means.
Last night, I listened to a woman speak about time. Her words were both profound and haunting.
Our random winners are....
Naively I thought I could just have a read through, liven up my characters a wee bit, tighten up the plot, get rid of any unnecessary sentences and job done!
Santa Fe, NM
should assume we did not receive your proposal; it
Other plots to assassinate Castro that are ascribed to the CIA include, among others: poisoning his cigars (a box of the lethal smokes was actually prepared and delivered to Havana ,exploding seashells to be planted at a scuba diving site; a gift diving wetsuit impregnated with noxious bacteria and mould spores, or with lethal chemical agents; infecting Castro’s scuba regulator apparatus with tuberculous bacilli; dousing his handkerchiefs, his tea, and his coffee with other lethal bacteria; having a former lover slip him poison pills; and exposing him to various other poisoned items such as a fountain pen and even ice cream. (Link)
Glance into desire.
Hello loves! This will be a shorter post because I have to get back to the hospital soon. I'm on call this afternoon and I can't wait for the day to be over. I really wanted to get this post up today though. You might be already sick and tired of magnetic polishes but I'm not. This is also an unusual shade and it's fun to look at.
On another subject, the car situation is still not over. Luckily, I am no longer dealing with it, and my knight in shining armor, Darren, is now taking care of it. I know he gets upset when I am upset, and he is a lot tougher than I am. My father in law has also been great. I think with those two in my corner everything will be worked out soon (I hope) and we can figure out what kind of a car we can afford.
98. Lay’s hometown is Changsha, Hunan (China).
in other news, i think i'm moving out on my own by the end of summer. it's time - i adore my brother but i'm itching to have my own place again. it will be scary as i'm looking at a house instead of an apartment but i keep telling myself it will allow me to have a honest to goodness studio. think positive thoughts about me making the right and good decisions.
‘Thank you. Thank you. You’ve saved her life.’
As we've gotten to know our little island we've discovered that different beaches offer different treasures.We love to look around at the beach and see what we can find. It seems there is always something interesting.
V.A. - If You Don't Go, I Don't Go (The 60th BoBW jazz funk compilation)
As I struggled with this fight against the ingrained world views within myself – it did take a few years. Yes, I loved being home but at the beginning of my marriage I still longed for something “more.” My husband, thank goodness, was adamant that I stay home and that I create my life there. But I was obsessed with the worlds thinking that there is no fulfillment within motherhood and wifehood. I even applied for cosmetology school and my essay to the school was about my unfulfilled life scrubbing floors, and doing the same routine every day. I grew up with a mother who hated being a mother. She was constantly unhappy at home, dreaming of her lost career and what “could have been’s.” She told me about how she cried when she found out she was pregnant, and not out of happiness, but because her life was being ruined by children. We were not allowed to celebrate Mother’s Day – and every action or word about motherhood was negative. I grew up thinking from a very early age that being a mommy was not something I wanted to do! If my mother was unhappy being a mom….then how could I be happy being one too?
These people care absolutely nothing about voting and media and all the other mind-control techniques. They’ve studied the problem for a long time and found the chink in the armor.
I just wanted to thank the many people who have written to me this month with their positive reactions to the SLJ article. Many of you have said that the article has provided you with the opportunity to advocate for your own position, or for the library program at your school, and I think that’s pretty amazing. That’s certainly what Linda and I hoped would be one of the outcomes of the article. Also, if you have not had a chance to check out the archives of the live chat that SLJ hosted on their Facebook page, I highly recommend it. It provides some updates on my position, among other things.
The more I read about what to do, the more I want to scream at my computer...I can not bring them inside over the winter months!! No they can not be a house plant till the warmer weather returns!! Really is that the only option? OK 20ft Magnolia looks like your sharing the house with us, not likely! I am not about to dig my huge hydrangea out of the garden to relocate to a pot to bring in my house. I think I'll try the burlap route this year, swaddle them until the snow passes?
Two days in a row! Will it never end?!
- Animal Lover, Buckinghamshire, 02/3/2012 13:10
I am wearing...faded blue jeans and a long sleeved red shirt. I should be wearing socks. My feet are freezing!
Outcomes
Some main Positive Results:
Every neighbor had trees and branches down.
So anyway, the doctor said if I needed it for a legal issue....hmmm, could I sue the town for not enforcing the "residents only" rule at the school where we played? probably not...of course, this past Monday there were rumors (I wasn't there -- I'm on the shelf for a couple of months, I suspect) that the park and rec lady was going to actually check IDs....wonder how that turned out. Maybe instead of 35 playing, we'd have only 15. that's what happens when a new high school opens with a shiny gym -- people from out of town show up.
And yet you've never had the nerve to sidestep the rules and you've always
We are so proud of Carlie’s role of Vashti in Esther the Musical. We look forward to her final two performances in Esther the Musical. I leave you with a couple of her favorite quotes.
I didn’t scream. That’s what age does. “No,” I informed her. “I am going to Europe today. The only issue is how you are going to get me there.” The dangers of using a cordless phone in the shower, aside, the agent was able to book two business class tickets on Lufthansa leaving three hours later than my flight. “But,” she insisted. “I should leave for the airport RIGHT AWAY to CONFIRM the already confirmed seats.”
I wish feelin’ funny would carry over into thinkin’ funny so I could do some new comics. I think of funny stuff while I am doing something that I can’t take time to write it down and then by the time I am able to work on comics the thought is gone.
The thoughts of my sister and my friend were what created my thoughts on suicide and this boy at the time. Perhaps I am not over it yet, because I never really went through the stages of mourning. I had to be the tough one, the support. The truth is, when I think of him, I am filled with anger. Anger over what he did and the people he left behind. I think suicide is cowardly because of him. He left all these people behind who will never be the same just so he could escape his pain and I feel that he was so very selfish. Everyone has pain, and for some they believe that killing themselves will make this pain disappear. This is not true. When someone kills themselves, the pain simply moves, moves to all the people who cared about the person. This is why I think suicide is selfish, because this person put his pain on so many others just so he doesn’t have to carry it.
I have a couple of projects running there, some goals to shoot for. I've developed more patience this year, probably (okay, almost certainly) the result of my hospitalization. When you can't move and have to depend on other (and rather busy) people to obtain food, water, and basic creature comforts like a urinal or bedpan, you learn to wait.
I’ll list your names and blogs on my List of Crusaders page so you can keep in touch with the other Crusaders. And you’ll have a list of bloggers in the same position as you, who genuinely want to help you succeed. You can visit their blogs, follow along, leave comments galore, and share your highs and lows as you journey through the blogosphere and build your online platform. And they'll be doing the same for you.
Damn DC, you ugly. This is most of Washington DC. Gray short-rise office buildings. Boring hotels. Endlessly. It’s a sea of faceless and ugly. All those buildings you know, they’re all centered around the mall. Most of the city is crappy buildings they scrapped together in the 60s. The mall isn’t that special either, it’s just a big strip of grass. It’s really just a giant median strip.
I do know that Part 1 has information about what our “off-planet-currently-on-planet” friends are doing for us. Part 2 includes recent updates about arrests, etc. Part 3 includes information about mortgages, prisons-for-profit, Iceland (9 min.), advantages of possessing silver coins (10:45), chemtrails (14:30). (I’m still listening to that right now)
Something didn't quite work out properly - the edging should have been more scalloped than this but I couldn't quite understand some of the instructions about putting the hook in several rows below.
This is our "shoe corner". It's barely even a corner and resides in the main traffic area of our kitchen/family room. You can see that i made an attempt with a cute market tote but alas...the shoes end up spilling over onto the floor. The other day I was at Walmart and spotted this. A basic over-the-door shoe rack {it's cheaper in the store than online}. Why didn't i think of this before? Brilliant! Now our shoes are nicely organized and hidden away in the coat closet. I love this solution because it doesn't take up floor space, the shoes are easily accessible - no more digging through the market tote looking for a lost shoe, they are hidden away from sight, and Lucy and Eloise can easily reach their shoes on the bottom four rows. When Eloise walked in the door from school the other day she yelled, "What happened to the shoe corner?" I was happy to tell her it is no more!
Ask not. Let thy secrets lie. Dwell in the possible.
The Ring
As reported, the sale was the result of what was called by AOL CEO Tim Armstrong "a full-blown dynamic auction", which began in the fall and included most of the high tech hi-fliers, including Amazon.com, e-Bay, Google, Facebook as well as the ultimate victor, Microsoft. The announced acquisition by Microsoft is the latest in an lengthening list of such mega-patent acquisitions. There was the multi-billion bankruptcy auction sale of 6,000 patents by Nortel Networks for $4.5 billion, amounting to $1.05 per issued patent. More recently, Google agreed to acquire Motorola Mobility Holdings for $12.5 billion, in material part for its intellectual property (read "patents") rights. In the run-up to the Kodak bankruptcy announcement in January 2012, there was abundant talk of Kodak selling a patent portfolio for $2 billion or more -- much more, it seems, than the overall valuation of the company itself.
Enjoy the day,
“Sounds a bit lonely?" I say.
My first teaching post was as a History Teacher in Loughborough
Any extra cherries are going in pie
I don't see them crying out against anyone else convicted in the DOG FIGHTING GAMBLING RING that Michael Vick and Bad News Kennels fought with. It was a Ring and Mike Vick was NOT the head or the organizer of the GAMBLING DOG FIGHTING RING! He was just the Famous Dummy that was involved.
“Do you really think that would be an attractive selling point?” I asked.
I know we all try to pretend like all the Facebook messages/twitter mentions aren’t a big deal, but, we both notice and remember who wished us a happy birthday. And even more importantly, we remember who didn’t wish us a happy birthday. Oh, we remember.
A new beer from Sambrooks was on offer, the Pale Ale (4.2% abv) is a cracking beer, one that went well with the hot temperatures and was indeed very thirst quenching. Another nice touch was the beer playing card size tasting notes that were on each table with the usual food suggestions and cyclops notes. My favourite beer is still the Powerhouse Porter (4.9% abv) and whilst I did try the others it was this one I returned to regularly.
The trend in zombie films is probably related to the apocalypse mentality as well. The George Romero DEAD trilogy and its spinoffs and remakes and the infatuation with zombies seems to have a lot to do with end times. The recent zombies are not the voodoo zombies of old. These new zombies are brain eating terrors that seemed to have been activated from death sleep by some fluke of the modern age. Who doesn't at least secretly like zombies?
I met the elderly gentleman at a brocante fair, he was selling hand made fishing flies. Works of beauty, exquisite knots of thread and feather and beads, designed to lure and to deceive. But it wasn't the boxes of flies that drew me in, it was the old piece of fabric thrown across a trestle table and used to create his stall. A length of pale grey ticking, a most unusual colour, beautiful.
On arrival you got a welcome pack containing your wristbands for each day, a leaflet with the full schedule (and taxi firm numbers, information about food, about lifts back to B&Bs and so forth), and tourist information for the hall and the area.
Me: Oh, well does it mean he is being silly or stinky or...
April 16– Wednesday– London, England– Ten members of the British and Foreign Anti-Slavery Society, three of them presently serving in Parliament, call upon the American Minister, Charles Francis Adams. They say to Mr Adams, “The committee view with profound sorrow the unhappy contest between the Northern and the Southern sections of the Republic. In the presence of so appalling a calamity, they can only give utterance to the fervent hope that the fratricidal conflict may soon cease, and peace be restored to the land; and that with the abolition of the true cause of strife, a common ground of union may be found, and a divided community be again joined in the bonds of brotherhood. In conclusion, the Committee would assure you, Sir. of their personal esteem and consideration, and of their very sincere desire for the welfare and the prosperity of the nation you represent.” In return, Minister Adams expresses his thanks and the reciprocal good will of the Lincoln Administration to Her Majesty’s Government and to the British people.
I loved this next project so much although it was not chosen for our winner, it was a winner to me. There was just something about this LO that really moved me and I would love for you to contact me through my personal email Tanishacboyd@gmail.com as I will have something for you.
Therefore, to ensure that there is democracy, we must therefore strengthen good citizenship amongst the civil society to shoulder the responsibility of participating in governance everyday.
benny the birthday boy, wesley,
Hole # 18, SilverRock Resort, White tees, 446 yards
If both comparative birth rates and Muslim immigration from eastern countries continue at their present rates, most countries in Europe will within a few years be Islamic nations. Not far behind are Canada and the United States.
Andrea Crews isn't the name of an actual person. That's so banal. Andrea Crews is a fictitious name for the art-fashion-activism collective based in Paris who produce really wacky and cool clothes. And art. And activism. I mean I've never seen the latter two, but they say they do it and it sounds cool, so I'll take them on their word.
Next up is Screen 2 and, entering as I did from a strange second door at the top of the auditorium, I am immediately confronted with the prospect of committing one of the cardinal sins of cinemagoing, blocking part of that all-important shaft of light which streams from projector to screen. Needless to say, with the projection booth sitting at the top of the stairs, and the projection angle being quite tight, it could potentially be an annoying auditorium if you have a lot of latecomers struggling to find their seat.
(4) Fold the wrapper edges up and pinch the edges together.
"No, a martini is made with gin unless I ask for something else," said Cranky, the cranky ex-bartender. "And we like a little vermouth."
you can sow seeds of root veggies for fall crops, and lettuces, kale and spinach
A: Most of my research for those books came from reading other books and old newspapers. For the most part, I wasn't digging up new information about Henry Aaron and Ted Williams. I was just presenting the information in a new way, in a picture book for kids. My publisher did contact Henry Aaron early in the project to get his blessing. And we did get a letter from someone in the Braves organization saying that Mr. Aaron read the book and really enjoyed it, along with a copy of Henry Aaron's Dream signed by Henry Aaron. It's definitely one of my prized possessions.
This morning I woke and felt them probing inside.
If you know anything about Minnesota, late March is still TOO cold for these delicate flowers. These flowers were growing at the Minnesota Arboretum, in a little greenhouse located at the entrance to the 3 mile walk/drive. It’s a drive during 3/4 of the year, but during winter, it’s closed for vehicles.
5 Weird Dream 6:39
Now my version of spanking is miles apart from my parents. I was only spanked with a belt, and always by my father (the biggest/strongest person in the house). Once, I was actually "spanked" (I prefer whipped) so hard I had bruises on my legs for two weeks.
So I spent half the day sitting on a rooftop scooping out the building. The damn thing was a fortress with hundreds of little security features that would make a shadow agent blush with envy. Not that I blush… shut up. The point being that the only way inside, frankly, was to kick in the front door after having waded through a score of half orc mercenaries. So Greyhampster did his mental peek-a-boo thing again and that’s when the whole mess became clear. All of the big wigs in the city with a black heart were at this meeting and they wanted to make sure that their final event was going to go off without a problem. And that meant putting a stop to the one group stupid enough to throw wrenches. Which meant that everyone we had messed with from start till now was at the meeting and all of them had business with us and it was now open season on all silver phoenixes. I just got off the damn dead book. I don’t need to get back into it just yet.
let us dance in the wide open space of life
Web addresses change on Little Rock District water management reports
137. “The person born with a talent they are meant to use will find their greatest happiness in using it.” – Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
This was off-season for Lake Tahoe.
· He wanted everyone to mourn, even the mountains and fields
Some weeks before I had that MRI showing I had to have surgery urgently, I had enjoyed one of my most relaxing holidays, spent in Florida. And as I was in that machine with my eyes pressed firmly shut (I'm not claustrophobic, but I could never open my eyes in there...) I tried to distract myself by bringing back pictures of the beaches and the sea, pretending to feel the sea breeze instead of the machine's ventilator.
You can further play around by adding a bit of shadow to the threads if you like. You could add a slight bevel to the threads, too, if you want. Depends on the look you like!
I often structure my workouts around meals so I am sure to nail tip #1! Post training is the most important time to eat! Your metabolism is all ready to get to work digesting and refueling the muscles you just broke down – so feed it, and let it do it’s job! If you wait too long, your body goes into ‘starvation mode’ and hoards body fat thinking food will never come.
"Bring on your bad horses' cause I never saw one
Because I was STARVING. Church always makes me so hungry for some odd reason.
fascinates me. You have to use very strange language to
Preheat the oven to 200C.
The Publican was the outcast of society. No one liked him, probably because of his occupation. The name is from the Greek word telenes from whence we get our English word “teller”. Literally, he was a farmer of tax, thus a tax collector. When talking about the Publicans, Christ coupled them on various occasions with sinners, Gentiles and harlots.
the music producer,
For two of these incidents there was blood, and for all of them (that I was around for) I was cool, calm, and collected and assessed the injury and took things in my stride and got stuff sorted. I checked for any knocked out teeth, I checked pupil dilation, I had it all under control. A friend cut her finger today at playgroup and I was the same. She was too afraid to look so I checked for her how deep it was and if it needed special attention (like a stitch or two, not a cuddle and a kiss) and saw that although it was nasty and long, it wasn't deep and would heal quite fine with just a band-aid. I dressed it for her and took away the bloody paper towel it had been wrapped in and thought nothing of it. After playgroup, at the shops, is when Monkey got his gash in his head. He settled quite quickly with some snuggles and we thought it wasn't too bad, then my cousin spotted some blood on his head so we tried to look but it had already started to dry and we couldn't see how bad it was but since it was already drying and stopped bleeding it can't be too bad right? He wasn't keen on me trying to get near it for the rest of the day so fast forward 5 hours and I decide that I need to clean away some of the dried blood and find out exactly what's going on. My head starts spinning, my belly does flippy-floppies, I feel queasy and gross. WHAT THE? I checked on a woman's finger that had quite possibly been sliced right open with a knife and didn't flinch and now I can't clean away some dried blood without considering if I need a bucket next to me?
- Submission Fee: $20.00 (Paypal) or $25.00 (cheque, money order or cash in person) per artist (not per piece).
What message were the terrorists trying to express?
I used to be a Keynote junkie, but when you work with a team of people (and clients) who don’t all have Mac’s it starts getting messy. Overall Office 2008 is good but not great, document portability forced the issue here. I miss the video support of Keynote, especially being able to specify the portion of the video that is played on the slide (as apposed to Powerpoint playing the entire clip) and being able to select the frame that is shown when you first arrive on the slide (as apposed to Powerpoint showing the first frame)
I knew that Sanderson’s works are all interrelated, but I was a bit surprised whenever Hoid turned up! I had first encountered this particular character while reading “The Way of Kings.” After browsing around a bit on the internet, I read that Sanderson’s books are all set within the same universe called the Cosmere, but on different planets. Hoid is one of the characters who is able to travel between worlds, hence the fact that he keeps showing up in different Sanderson novels. It makes me want to read more, as well as to go back to “Way of Kings” and see if there are any more clues about him.
May I suggest that should you choose to seperate your trains of thought, into paragraphs, you may find that those receiving your communications, may find it easier to follow what it is you are trying to say. When all your thoughts are shoved into one long paragraph; of sentences with already vague language; it is a little difficult to know which of your thoughts go where. I read your paragraphs and think: what the fuck is this guy trying to say? If you want to convert me, or to dialogue with me; do me a favour; try and make it easier for me to understand what the fuck you are trying to say.
Yannatos also offered an alternative, more general interpretation — that his title "refers to vibrations and waves that move through real time and space in the form of sound and interplay between the various levels of musical sound and meaning, referring to our physical world as we live it, our sensory world as we see, hear and feel it, and our spiritual world as we attempt to comprehend it." Indeed, there's something visceral and physical about the way in which energy seems to ebb, flow, now suddenly build, and now quickly dissipate in the work. And this is hard for a building to express, no matter how much sound and light you add to it. Take the last minute of the first movement, where a triumphant chorale gives way to a calmer passage that picks up steam only to fade out into the distance:
the monster inside my face is grotesque
9) "Obviously" and "Clearly" ... when what you really mean to say is "If you even have a thought-bubble about contradicting my profoundly deep and undeniably correct insightfullness it will be obvious to everyone here that you're a-stupid".
If you haven’t checked it out yet, you really should.
1271 *D-IV/11/1997. “Willmoore Kendall, Rhetorician of Virtue.” Symposium on the Political Thought of Willmoore Kendall, The University of Dallas, Irving, Texas. (Incorporated in Item C-2002(1), above, pp. 158-64.)
It had been nearly 30 days since Xu Guan had wanted to kiss the ground at the San Francisco docks. In that time, he and his comrades in arms had covered nearly 300 miles. Their march had taken them along Interstate 80, up through Sacramento, across the mountains of the Tahoe National Forest and into Reno, Nevada. Now, they were headed for Winnemucca, across more mountainous terrain, through more rain, snow and cold and then, on eastward on I-80 through northern Utah, across Wyoming and into the plains of Nebraska.
I cupped my balls and took a firmer grip on my cock. My cock isn’t a monster, but I’m pretty sure it’s in the normal range, and L is isn’t huge either, and when we’re all erect and lubed and I’m inside her, it’s heaven; I don’t think I’ve ever had a cunt around me that felt as right as hers. But her cunt wasn’t anywhere…
"No wonder Ruth Kelly's got a face like a slapped arse" I thought...........
A producer is a visionary who gets excited by a story and dedicates his life to get that story told to millions of people. That story can be traced back to a book, an original idea, a remake of an old movie, a board game, a short story, a true story or anything at all for that matter. One person told me that being a producer is like getting punched in the face every day. The reason is, producers are always in an uphill battle to identify a great story, control and protect that story, find the ideal writer to scribe the tale and director to bring it to life. On top of that, there are daily actor issues, scheduling problems, budget restraints, legal concerns, hidden agendas and investors looking for a return. With so many moving parts, there are inevitably a series of daily problems which present themselves and it is typically up to the producer to solve them. Hence, it is the "Rocky" trait of determination, the ability to take a punch, and guts that is necessary to produce.
APPENDIX N for WAMPUS COUNTRY (a d12 random table of influences and directions)
If I suddenly turned into a bosomy (I wish) and blond Harry Potter (or, which is much more likely, a rather benign and far nosier but still blond, Voldemort) would I take away Babe's Down syndrome?
The paper is skating on thin ice with its use of the word ‘despite’ there: for any half-awake libel lawyer, there is a suggestion that the executives may have ‘edited’ the bags’ contents before the police arrived. But The Guardian was quick to add, ‘A few hours later, the police arrived and took the bags to Scotland Yard.’ Thus, any changes in the weight of the bags between the Newscorp swoop and the Met’s arrival will not be the subject of conjecture in the coming days.
There are thousands of recipes for bread and this is the one I used to make my flower pot loaves last weekend.
Some cultures burn the placenta in a clay pot and then bury the ashes.
big wet noodle!
I slept in!! I actually still woke up at normal time. I had to force myself back to sleep :)
I sipped very slowly on my soda waiting till he were done and when he was I went over to him in the dugout by the rink. He were putting his loafers back on and fixing his hair in the mirror.
Food and medical treatment are closely interrelated in traditional Chinese medicine. A classical Chinese meal seeks to balance not only flavors, aromas, textures, and colors in the different courses that are served, but also the energies provided for the body by the various ingredients.
So, Mr. Rojek, I raise my electrolyte filled glass to you. Thank you for being an early inspiration and please forgive any annoyance I sent your way. Ride on!
I have some pictures for you of my 'Chuck and Shut' room, half completed makeover.
I was too awake to go to bed with my wife and so I sat in the living room in darkness, with my water pipe and Keith Jarrett’s Vienna Concert way after midnight, just watching through the window, getting carried away by this enchanting sight of snow and peace.
That the influence of societal trends was finding its way into all corners of America is very apparent, and part of what made the 20s such a volatile decade was the tension between the big, wet cities of sin and rural America. It took me noticing the subtitle while thumbing back through the issue on the story by Myrna Servis, "A Country Flapper in the City, or How It is Done in The Movies" to realize that it is a send up of the standard Hollywood cautionary tale in which girl leaves home for the big city, is victimized repeatedly and finally returns home to a loving family and beau. This formula was used so often in the movies, it's fun to see that the girls knew the score.
6. TIRED ALL THE TIME. This is my favorite. I’m a vegetarian and I’m far from tired. In fact, I would even go farther as to say I feel like I have MORE energy since ditching meat. I have more energy. Isn’t that crazy to think? Not to me. I think everyone should have energy to do the things they love. My plan doesn’t involve meat.
I moved to Kelowna and lived with Linda and her new boyfriend.Although it wasn't my plan, I started thinking about Don and missed him dearly. I managed to find him and soon I was sneaking out of the house to meet with him.
Then you want to drain them in a colander so they are just soaked and a little soggy, but not swimming in water.
In the afternoon, Radio Free Grenada relays a statement from Coard's office, saying he'd resigned as a result of rumours circulating last week that he and his wife, Phyllis, were plotting to kill Maurice. The statement goes on to say that 'certain elements led by an insurance company owner' had then seized weapons with the intention of killing the Coards.
Luckily, it is seldom too late to start correcting blood sugar levels, but it takes time, patience, practise and guidance. The changes that
“Nineteen seventy-seven brought a shift back to punk, as expressed in Malcolm McLaren and Vivienne Westwood’s fifties-influenced clothes and music, bondage and restriction, amphetamine sulfate use, and angry, confrontational politics.
Mrs Poggit - Audrey Ardington
The storyline jumps back and forth in time from 1972 to 1987, again from the voices of the characters. When we are introduced to Caroline and Mitch, as well as Caroline’s other cousin Cecil, the author describes how the children spend their summers at The Country House. Caroline has an extremely close relationship with Mitch and their love and friendship is apparent. Caroline and her cousins happen to discover a small white cross, which begins the mystery of who left the cross and why. I don’t want to give away the entire book, but readers are brought back in time and learn who made the cross, why it was made, and who it honors.
started with an open upraised hand.
Can we agree with this? If you don’t agree with these simple statements then you are in trouble, friend. You need to make the decision either one way or the other to either accept the Lordship of Jesus Christ or accept the lordship of man. If you agree with the sovereignty and lordship of Jesus Christ, then the Holy Spirit has opened your eyes to Truth. If you disagree, then the evidence points to you being in rebellion and living a human-based, works-based religion with the label Christian on it somewhere.
(Cynical response arriving in 3,2,1…)
I will say that writing the novel was a nov – umm, new experience for me. Because my previous works were collections of short stories, they didn’t require the same kind of immersion in my fictional universe that writing Welcome to the Multiverse did. I really enjoyed that, and hope to be able to do it again (but, of course, that’s a matter of inspiration, over which I have only limited control).
After all, after 3 k's there is only another 18 to go. Just one foot on front of the other. Problem is the weeks are ticking away already this year and my fitness is the lowest that it has been for a long time. I am sure the event will be looming before I know it!
While silent screams dance on cold graves,
Italy has faced a fresh wave of attacks in the last six months since Monti took office as prime minister and introduced a harsh austerity package to save the country from bankruptcy. The three-year austerity and growth package includes budget cuts, pension reforms as well as tax hikes worth 30 billion euros.
This comes on the heels of the left shooting themselves in the face fighting the phony “War on Women.” Vinegar-laced harridan Hilary Rosen declared that Ann Romney, a mother of five, had never worked a day in her life, touching off a very unwelcomed “War on Mommies.” Obama’s minions quickly threw her under the campaign bus, giving Romney another notch in his gunbelt.
Taslin arched her eyebrow. "It doesn't seem to be working."
I did trap (the trap was a 'lethal' type) a mole yesterday and I can see by the tunneling in the yards there are more still to get. Found a nifty scissors type trap over at the farm supply store a month or so ago and it works far better than the old spike-'em-in-the-ground type I've used for decades.
Almost everything I ate, I enjoyed. There was only a few things that I wasn't thrilled with, but that's okay I succeeded in trying them, even ate more than half of the dish.
I have been sick for the past few days. My husband who is a computer technician in a couple of schools lovingly and thoughtfully brought home the flu to share. I had started reading this one just as I got sick and then was just too miserable to continue. I basically spent the past few days vegged out on the couch completely out of it. I finally got back to this book this evening and raced through it. If you’ve ever read The Pilgrim’s Progress, or Hind’s Feet for High Places, the plot of this book will not catch you by surprise since it is referred to as a modern retelling of Bunyan’s classic allegory about Christian.
Although the authors aren’t Head’s psychiatrists, a little more background on the psychology of pathological lying, also known as pseudologia fantastica, would have been useful. Are the spinners of complex imaginary worlds always so hard to spot? The book contains no information on other spectacular hoaxes (Robin Hemley’s “Invented Eden: The Elusive, Disputed History of the Tasaday” comes to mind), nor reference to any books, such as Lauren Slater’s “Lying: A Metaphorical Memoir,” that attempt to penetrate the mind-set of the compulsive liar. Such context could help flesh out a tale about a character whose motivation remains shadowy.
and since it was warm the kids got in the pool for the first time this year
Mr Wight was questioned extensively about the story he had written for the NotW alleging Mr Sheridan had had an affair with a Ms McGuire.
Taugeh (beansprouts) cooked easily, so a short frying time in the hot pan will help it to keep its' crunchiness.
Without hesitating, she hopped over to me, threw her arms around my once again, kissed my cheek, and said, "I make your dumb feel better."
343
5/ I don't drive. Never have, never will.
The same argument is made regarding the Atlantic Yards arena, some of which would be on land that is currently taxed. The no-property-tax status was supposed to raise the value of the land, however.
“We are in touch with Coir Board and Jute Board also. The pilot is also to see the supply chain arrangements. If a coir manufacturer cannot meet the demands, then we will have to think of some other product to replace.
He made a mini sea glass window. Not really an "invention" per se but definitely recycled and it is useful- it makes any window look pretty, especially on a dreary day like today!
Ah. Pulled away but back now. Let me just lay out whats in this thing before I need to tend to my children. Puffy pancake topped with caramelized walnuts (well, just this caramel sauce I experimented with containing walnuts, that I guess roasted in this sauce), topped with sliced fresh banana all arranged in circular fashion, topped with a light drizzle of natural peanut butter. I think the p.b. was a bit of an overkill and the kids didn’t like the walnuts. But, when I went back to eat the leftovers on the kids’ plates, it was SO GOOD all together. The eggi-ness of the puffy pancake with the caramel now soaked in, the smooth creaminess of the perfectly ripe bananas, the crunch of the walnuts. Perhaps if it was topped with whipped cream it would make it. Make it like a fluffer-nutter.
At this point I could go round digging for statistics about how many murders there are in the US, but I'd have more success walking out into the main road and trying to stop speeding lorries with my penis than I would trying to argue with this guy. It would probably be less painful, too. I'm not sure he even understands what the word 'deterrent' means. If he does, he's hiding it deep under layers of his own bluster here.
“I can hear it too! That’s Arnen’s whistle!” Emily said. Snatching James’s hand, the siblings ran the rest of the way to the end of the dock. From there, they could see a small boat with a pale green lantern hanging from the mast. “There is Arnen’s boat!” Emily’s smile spread to William and James, and they all started shouting as loudly as possible. Oars appeared out of the small water craft and it glided quickly towards them. As the boat touched the dock and slid to a stop, they saw Arnen.
Invisible mass measured distance of higher-bodhi enlightenment of Paul Gauguin’s The Seed of the Areoi
She will not get
So of course I changed the title and I had to edit and it had dust on it from being stored away for many many many years It seems…
Recent publicity suggest that he has been refused leave to appeal against his conviction, but that he is seeking leave from a second panel of judges, as is normal procedure in the “sifting” process.
Mike Hudson was the Anti-Clark. Kent, that is.
And realizing somehow you have always been there,
and when she realized I was not kidding,
December 9
In my job, I find myself all over the city, and quite often in the lobbies of various doctors and city governmental agencies. Because I’m on the road, my phone is my main connection to the rest of the world (to varying degrees of success. To those that I’ve never returned your emails, I’m sorry, it’s easy for me to lose sight of things when I only have my phone to email with), so it runs out of battery pretty easily (I am, what the marketers call, a “power user”).
Rated: 10/10, a book I couldn't put down.
People are always asking me to match Copic colors to specific things, papers, inks etc. I must say that this is very difficult, even under the best of circumstances. Anything you color on will pick up color in a unique way.
And now, my back feels like it's flaring up again. The main suspects are either serious muscle issue or very minor kidney stone(s). I'm leaning towards muscle issue, but who knows. Whatever it is, it'll probably be better when baby girl decides to join us.
Yes, racism was an issue is those days. But how do you explain the entrepreneurial success of black millionaires in Harlem in the 1920s?
The current “staleness” is often blamed on Rice, ignoring the fact that he is the only Assistant Wenger has had at his time at Arsenal. If he is to blame for the trophyless period, by that logic it follows that he should be credited with the years 1997 – 2005. What has Arsène done for the club? Quite simply, the blame game is too simplistic and misguided to play in these circumstances.
scum, gunk, oozy mush.
pants pop
4) Slowly stir in sugar and cream until pudding desired consistency
So I sat. My initial plan was to sit and relax while being attentive to my breathing. I didn’t know whether to close my eyes or not. I wanted to think of nothing and empty my mind as much as possible. And, as luck would have it, there’s not too much in a 21 year old mind to clear out so the task was all the easier. I eventually settled on keeping my eyes open. For this city bred boy there was much to see in the nature of the place.
Finally, "Owl Project has designed a series of Log interfaces to alter the sounds the instruments make," literal pieces of wood with knobs and levers that produce acoustic special effects.
All in all I can just say, this past week was great. Sometimes other things are more important as loosing weight!
In this small bedroom, Designer John Willey created movement by putting two similar patterns together, in the carpet and bedding, so that the eye runs from wall to wall without distraction. House Beautiful. March 2009.
"Secret Agent" – 5:45
Well I have had quite a week with all the snow, ice and traffic chaos up here in Scotland. I can't be bothered to bore you with all the details, but we did finally manage to get my father on a flight home on Thursday, but that was only after 2 failed attempts to take him to Edinburgh only to have to pick him back up again (once at 2am after he had spent 5 hours sitting in a plane stuck on the runway!), and then driving him to Glasgow to get a flight from there.
7. Dale Miller - Black Berry Rag
Honey Syrup
Can’t wait to see you!
illusions and Houdini specialized in escape artistry. Bob excelled in
“My father and mother say the same thing–they would not have achieved what they had achieved if they didn’t find each other. Of course, that’s also what I’m aiming for.”
All of the patterned papers are from Melissa Frances and the cardstock is from Bazzill. The pearls are from Prima and Recollections. I also used my Sakura Stardust pen on the tag and flower paper.
I wrote a great deal of poetry as a teenager and young adult, but have had a nagging inkling of writing something larger for quite a while. I finally made the time, and now I’m addicted.
Twitter is my favorite social channel because it gives the best opportunity (so far) for feedback and interaction with our fans. It’s fun seeing how you can make someone’s entire week by linking out to their site, responding to their questions, or even giving them the chance to be heard.
I have green eyes. Like my mother, and her mother. I used to think it was just the women in my family who had them, until I found out that they come from my great-grandfather. Not very popular in the family, he was what they call a Hochstapler, an adventurer. A very good looking man, who owned and ran several pubs (always went bankrupt in the end) and after he had squandered his wife´s dowry he embarked on a boat to Buenos Aires, with high hopes, it seems, only to return to Europe as penniless as he had left. I wonder if he encountered tango there...
It’s sad to say, but I look for things in the mirror that shouldn’t be sought for. And you can never change that about me. I’ll always be searching for a gap between my legs, a ribcage thinly coated in skin— without the fat—, and bones. Bones, never fat. Eyes starved of food, never satisfied.
by Michael Marlowe
I also got the “montanarine” which is basically just a bit of fried dough. For just $1, how could I resist? The montanarine was very good. Although it was fried, it wasn’t heavy, oily or greasy. It was served with a bit of tomato sauce, which was nicely tangy and sweet.
Single candle
Now those who recite this Sutra and then put it in practice
These muffins, unlike their commercial counterparts, have a shorter shelf-life. After a day, they need a zap in the oven to bring them back to life, but by day three it’s all over. Freeze them once they’ve cooled on the rack, if you want to keep them for a while; they freeze for up to a month, wrapped and sealed in a freezer bag. When you’re ready to eat them, thaw for 30 minutes and then reheat. Alternatively, prepare the dry and wet ingredients, cover and store them separately until the morning (keep the wet in the fridge), and then whip them together and bung in the oven.
Faithless Insomnia UK
Girls in Haiti
Erm, actually, I voted twice by accident (I figured it was OK to vote once, because really, I proofread my blog so that counts as being a reader of this blog, right?). It glitched and said I hadn't voted but after I voted again I was like 'wait a minute...?' Anyway, moving on.
Even if FDR didn’t personally write the Haitian constitution, he was surely at least minimally involved given his position and that in “Early 1917: US and Haitian Lawmakers Argue over New Constitution for Haiti”:
Any suggestions how I can do that?
But I’m not just going to flat out tell them that I believe God is calling me up North.
The report makes clear that the only financial interest Waters had in One United Bank was investment income deposited five years ago. She disclosed that in her financial disclosure statement. Waters was asked why she did not attend the meeting with Treasury, she stated “Why should , I don’t think members normally do that The NBA are their own best advocates, let them tell their own story, that’s how I see it.” Waters chairs the House Financial Services Subcommittee. The ethics committee acknowledged that in that capacity she talked with Paulson frequently on issues involving the bank bailout, minority investment banks, money managers, and toxic assets.
consumed over the weekend!
2-3 cups rice
The shape and size were inspired by the shawls in a Kaffe Fassett knitting book from the 1980s. I chose two colourways of the Kauni yarn and then used a Fair Isle technique to create the patterns, which I made up as I went along and then repeated a few times.
You would also be amazed at all the technology that today's salesmen need to effectively compete in an ever-changing market. This week as I eagerly patrolled the roads of a vast sales territory I was surrounded by an array of every technological advance of the past twenty years needed to help find my way and keep track of billions of kilobytes of information. My car almost looked like the nuclear war room at the White House, or the cockpit of a 747 jet. Sitting close by was a blackberry loaded with contacts. Attached to my ear was a bloothtooth device that in connection with my blackberry formed a PAN, or as it's called in the sales world; "a personal area network." Sitting on the passenger car seat within easy reach was my new laptop, and attached conveniently next to my rear-view mirror was the latest in satelite-based geosynchronous positioning devices. My devices were so complicated, I decided to hire my nephew, Melvin to sit in the back seat to service and maintain my systems, and be available to fix any unforseen glitches. The good news is that he's unemployed, will work for Wii games, doesn't talk much, like me, loves Star Trek, and is a whiz at computers, and video games.
Galatians 5:13… “For you were called to freedom, brethren; only do not turn your freedom into an opportunity for the flesh, but through love serve one another” (NASB).
If you have been thinking about joining Shaklee as a member, please check out our new member special, here!
I love Fridays for multiple reasons...and Instafriday is the icing on the cake! I love looking back and seeing what we were up to for the week! Plus, it seems like it is all I have time to blog about lately, we are so busy, but it is holding me accountable!
Danielle saw him coming and blanched, jumped and darted back away from the window. “Mom!” she called out again.
As the days grow longer, I am currently gifted with absolutely stunning views that pass my car windows almost every day.
In the meantime, you should seek out this little gem of a beer. This is the latest Brewer's Share beer from John Harris's Full Sail satellite brewery, the 'Extra Special Barney.' It is a pretty traditional ESB gone New World, by which I mean big. 6.5% big. Which is my only gripe. At 5.5% this beer would have been a tremendous traditional ESB, but at 6.5% I find it a bit heavy and malty. The same hops with the OG turned down ten notches and it is a world beater.
Hey, blog peeps! I've thought about y'all so much you wouldn't believe it. I was inspired to update my blog after having coffee with my girlfriend, Gina last week. I told her my biggest blogging obstacle was resizing all of my pictures and she, being the photog genius that she is, told me I could "batch process" my pictures and do them all at once. Woo Hoo! So I'm investigating how to do that in iPhoto and hopefully that's going to result in me blogging more often. I have so many things to tell you all about and so many fun craft projects to share, but for today I'm going to start by sharing a fun fun fun giveaway, cuz who can't use free stuff this time of year?
On the hill’s shoulder,
As you gain experience you will notice that some days the trades are just not ‘working’ as well – and you will have the ’smarts’ to shut it down and not try to force it.
I remember there was a real buzz about the show, and it was the talk of the school for several days - this was almost certainly the first live music that the whole audience had ever seen. Finally the day arrived - all the greaser kids were head banging in front of the speakers and getting all sweaty, whilst the rest of us stood around awkwardly and tapped a foot! As concert virgins, nobody really knew what they were supposed to do! But it was an initiation to live music nonetheless, and must have had some impact on me as I've always remembered it and have a vivid recollection of the evening.
Mix dry ingredients in one bowl.
Embellishment: WoC- flowers, Prima- flowers,
I eventually asked friends if someone could humour me and just call me a loose cannon, just once. Please? They asked me why they would do such a thing because to be a loose cannon you have to do the kind of things loose cannons do, and I did not do these things. Ergo, they mercilessly went on, I can't be called a loose cannon.
NU Online News Service, April 27, 11:20 a.m. EDT
There is no doubt whatever your musical tastes, this is the online music podcast for you.
like a juggling ball -
Please click on the link in my sidebar for more information, including contest rules!!!
3. Opposites Do Attract The veil choice also depends on the style and the level of decoration of the wedding gown. In general, an elaborate veil makes a gorgeous statement piece when paired with simple wedding gown. However if the dress is very detailed, a simple veil lets the eye focus on the wedding gown. Only the most formal of weddings are able to accommodate the combination of both an elaborate dress and veil.
“Boys,” she said, “take Maud and ride out to Billy Reed’s farm. Tell Grace and Faye they have to get ready to go to Saskatoon in an hour or they won’t have a ride back to teacher’s college.”
And I'm not any of that.
So, at the point the snake was “found” by the guests, it was big and ugly and twitching and moving and rattling and threatening, but it was harmless. The snake was already dead, the snake was harmless, it had been crushed . . . but the people were terrified.
I walked out and went to talk to the office staff. As I was talking and they were acting like "oh well we are sorry" I said I have a feeling Dr...would not like how this was handled. He walked out and said I am not and will deal with it. He said that until they get the authorization we can not move forward. It is a very expensive medication and procedure.
I do not play Horde much, and I cannot play an orc, but I have a fair amount of respect of them as a race – especially Thrall, the eternal peace keeper. They took the polar opposite of him for the new leader of the Horde, in Garrosh, which I still do not totally understand. Not that Thrall had a lot of choices at his disposal, but even he has to see the stress fractures eating at the edges of the Horde with Garrosh in charge.
This is one of the last Leo drew in 1962 before David Sutherland took over and drew them in colour..
Not all the pieces I design or stitch are "competitive." Things that I submit are at a high level of stitching quality and special design. I think these competitions keep raising the bar. I have not gotten an award for each piece I have submitted.
We make our stands.
“I think Holbrooke’s approach, especially at the beginnings of Obama administration, was very harmful. He is a person who got very involved in the Presidential elections. I agree that a lot of wrongdoings happened in the elections. But foreigners like Holbrooke, too, got very involved. This became the source of the tensions that we have today.”
Okay well I think that's enough for one year don't you?
"Always so impulsive. That's your downfall." The Baba Yaga tapped her foot. "It's gotten you into a peck of trouble and you've not learned a thing. At the very least, understand I do not need your protection." She smiled ruefully at Sam and Abby. "I'm sorry you had such a poor welcome to my home. From here on out, I hope you will be comfortable." She gestured toward the table. "Sit. Let me fix you a snack."
Potato chip companies have no pricing power over me. They can raise and lower their prices all they want, that won’t make me buy any less or any more potato chips. Fortunately, for them, there are plenty of people who do value potato chips and are willing to buy them.
Does America trump Israel? Is it because America is now Israel? The Israel of God? Why would God forsake his people? Paul says he did not. (Romans 11) But some say that the church based in America is now Israel the Israel of God.
You might think it is just plain boring pancakes made out cabbage,
Kyle and I started dating in April 2008; this year the 16th marks four years together! and 4-5 years of friendship before that. It's not a huge deal, especially now that we have a marriage anniversary to celebrate, but I like to make note of it every year. :)
Cop arrested after shooting during raid
He has steel blue eyes. He plays football and they did SO GREAT this year. And he did great and I’m a very proud sister. His favorite activity is going outside and listening to the wind while playing his recorder. He was in drama this year and they just did “The Music Man” and they did SO AWESOME. And Adam sang and danced and did great. His lifelong goal is to meet Steve Perry and tell him he never stopped believing. He enjoys eating chicken more than most people. He will be a senior next year which is literally the craziest thing I can think about. His favorite color is pink and he loves to watch Lifetime movies and lose at Mario Kart.
Nov 15 – The MACC hand over investigations into the alleged multi-million ringgit purchase of a luxury condominium in Bangsar by the NFCorp to the police.
The people spoke about alcohol prohibition too until they realized what a disaster it was, because controlling people must and will always end in failure. America is a constitutional republic, (though hardly recognizable today), and this means that RIGHTS, as protections from government abuses, have primacy over any popular opinion. The people can speak, or shout at the top of their lungs if they wish, and the majority of them can even agree, but this is a RIGHTS issue (specifically Property Rights in this instance) and that trumps any popular opinion regarding a mob-rule democracy.
It sure did a number on Warner Bros., that's for sure. This $20 million epic of disastrous dimensions earned back somewhere between $1 million to $4 million overall, and not one red cent shows up onscreen from frame one to frame last. Even changing the name (Earth's Final Fury, The Day The World Ended) didn't help, since a dung heap by any other name....
I think he would mock such a pretence of intellectualism, to be honest. You’re thoughts and feints and preconceived ideas are never safe in the presence of a man like Nietzsche. That and the fact that Watson is back home now gives a lie to the uncaring nihilist existentialist. It’s hard to keep that pretence up when you’re being licked in the ear by a walking loaf.
2 tablespoons lemon juice
Some of you know I was in a band called Fight From Above from my USC days through the beginning of my ad career. I eventually left the band to pursue being a full time “mad man” and put more time into this writing project you are reading. The kept on killing it, but sometime a year later, the band disbanded and everyone went on to do some really great things. We had experienced a lot of joy from touring, playing the venues in LA I grew up going to, sharing the stage with some great acts (Young the Giant a few times was pretty cool, to name drop one of my favorites) and hearing ourselves on KROQ, which if you grew up in SoCal was a huge thrill. Hell, we even made it on the Hills before it died. Mad cred with our sorority friends.
There is danger of burn-in in plasma televisions. This is a fact that cannot be denied. This is, however, not present in LCD TVs. In fact, you can also use the latter as a video monitor. It provides a clear and cool picture; hence, it is good for computer or video games. Read the entire to know more..
Stewart White: Who had a worldwide hit with What A Wonderful World?
A little. Nobody sees his mom much, she’s real sick. He’s got two sisters, I see them every once in a while. Really cute. I — don’t know much about his dad, he died when Rex was really young, I never met him.
We get home and the books are put away but the lights and chatter of the television draw him back. Another soul lost to the box.
One consequence of 21st century constables taking on workaday law enforcement duties outside their traditional process-serving functions has been that these small, independent agencies with little accountability or oversight become responsible for managing complex processes for which they're not equipped, like the ins and outs of keeping their own evidence rooms.
And I got a free mug.
Remove from heat and add sugar and oil and mix well till the sugar has dissolved, somewhat.
I thought about it the other day and frankly, I barely remember a single thing from when I was 4, I could have been locked in a box for all I know. Alain de Botton wrote an interesting piece for the BBC the other day, effectively saying that I'm actually spending my time building up my boy's general picture of the world; but do I HAVE to go the Transport Museum EVERY MONTH to do that?
1. Throw her in the trash. (Complete loss of a resource. We felt like the chicken might have opposition to this idea also.)
It was after this that USATF looked at what athletes needed to do to constitute being on the team. And Greene’s 1999 performances were the basic guideline – as one merely has to show and compete – regardless of the event – and is not required to run in the final.
I no longer want to split myself up, I no longer want to feel.
I also got to chat to some dedicated medical students who’d come along to learn and who gave me some very high hopes for the doctors they will become.
From a pre-show email interview:
Baked potato soup
I can't set my camera down for a second.
We usually go to Tahoe during Christmas Break, but since there was ZERO snow there this year and I was on my death bed (aka: morning sickness) we decided to just stay home during Christmas Break and skip our Tahoe trip.
And yet this profound.
So some fun facts about Lord Byron:
federal immigration officials, and detain people whom they merely
5 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, cut into 10 pieces
then after reading a review (in the knitter's home companion) for the book 'safe return', i knew i needed this one for my library too. here is the review (i hope it's okay to share):
He broadcasts on the Internet and on short-wave radio. On his website, he once wrote
Hay: "But it's a barn in a field and nowhere near a body of water."
The stunning Miro was my selection for the June edition of MAP, but I'm also very fond of the ambient, drone pop-ish Hand To Hand. When I first listened to Hand To Hand I did like it a lot, but couldn't really understand why they'd be under Estella. While listening to Miro, the strength of it made it all obvious and I can only congratulate Estella on tying such an interesting and special band to its name.
Could her keeping the limb run into problems when she gets super old and possible arthritis starts?
Labour was never a socialist party. It was formed in 1916 after the historic defeat of militant labour in 1913 to coopt the labour movement into parliament. But under pressure from unemployed workers and destitute farmers during the Great Depression of the 30's the First Labour Government came to power on a radical populist policy of protectionism and income redistribution. But after the Lange Government's collapse into deregulation in the 1980s Labour no longer has any ability to control the economy let alone redistribute wealth. This latest sellout in the face of the current crisis to do the bidding of international finance capital marks Labour's total bankruptcy as a social democratic party with any pretence to serving the interests of the working class.
“The battle over ACTA has made many politicians aware of the fact that freedom on the internet is an issue that citizens (a.k.a. voters) care about, but most mainstream politicians are not very familiar with the issue.”
After commissioning ACA to design the Springstep Center for the Arts, the homeowner sought an equally ambitious and forward-looking design for her home to convey her passion for the performing and visual arts. As the founding director of Springstep, she entertains and hosts fundraising events frequently, so the house needed spaces commodious enough to contain a crowd, while still being an inviting and intimate retreat the rest of the time.
Maybe the French have fallen prey to the nihilism of Jean-Paul Sartre? Roger Scruton wrote about his continued influence in The Spectator: “The French have not recovered from Sartre and perhaps never will. For they have had to live with an intellectual establishment that has consistently repudiated the two things that hold the country together: Christianity and the idea of France. The anti-bourgeois posture of the left-bank intellectual has entered the political process, and given rise to an elite for whom nothing is certain save the repudiation of the national idea. It is thanks to this elite that the mad project of European Union has become indelibly inscribed in the French political process, even though the people of France reject it. It is thanks to this elite that the mass immigration into France of unassimilable Muslim communities has been both encouraged and subsidised. It is thanks to this elite that socialism has been so firmly embedded in the French state that no one now can reform it.” “Man cannot live by negation alone.”
The tacos are damn tasty, generous with filling and wrapped in a soft fresh tortilla. The chorizo taco is high on the spice factor, a rubble of pan-fried chorizo pieces served on a bed of red cabbage and queso fresco cheese and adorned with pickled jalapeno chile peppers.
But the federal government, which funded the research, asked the scientists not to publish details of their work. Officials were worried that the full papers would give bioterrorists a blueprint for creating weapons. That led to a wide-ranging debate among scientists, many of whom argued that sharing details of such work is essential in fighting the threat of dangerous viruses.
For lots and lots of Americans, Thanksgiving is a holiday we look forward to all year long. Yes, I love Christmas. But Thanksgiving is special. The memories of being a kid out in the country and killing our own turkey (not me personally, mind you, but I did get the turkey feathers to make an Indian headdress). Families got together even though they didn't even like each other. And we ate all day. And played games. And napped. Then ate some more. Of course my childhood was before the guys started watching football instead of participating with the rest of the family, and only stopped watching football long enough to eat the big turkey meal and say "great, this is so good" and hike back to the TV room. But hey, that is still tradition. Still sacred.
Hey everyone, just wanted to drop by and let you know that I am experiencing a huge case of jet lag!! I've never had it so bad before but these past few days I don't seem to be able to do anything! And now I have to start back to work tomorrow morning! Yuck!
We have years to live but can’t add years to life.
The soothing Aloe Vera is ideal for sensitive and dry skin types.
Synopsis: In public, Mark Tewksbury has always credited the 1976 Olympics as a major inspiration for his becoming an Olympic champion swimmer, but in fact, it was wearing a towel-turban in imitation of his grandmother and swimming in her condo pool that first sparked his love of swimming. Intimate and endearing details such as these are what provide Tewksbury’s story with relevance beyond the famous-athlete-fights-and-overcomes-his-personal-demons story. Granted, Tewksbury covers all the usual challenges faced by performance athletes-the sacrifices, the post-Olympic depression, the intense glare of the media spotlight-but it is his private sojourn as a gay man, from coming out of the closet to visiting his first gay bar (“it was like being in another world with fashionably dressed people drinking cocktails from martini glasses”) to entering his first sexual relationship (an ongoing, three-way relationship with a male couple) that will resonate with the reader. Despite the “Gay Jock” subtitle, the book is accessible; Tewksbury comes with all the tics and quirks of your everyday gay man wrestling with his sexuality, and later, with the complexities of finding a partner and dating. A thoughtful, moving narrative that inspires as much as it entertains.
I wrote a post on this topic several years ago, and it bears repeating:
Joe vs the Volcano: I saw this once a really long time ago, and didn't remember it much. This is one of the odder Tom Hanks/Meg Ryan movies that I have seen! It's from 1990, and looks it! Meg plays 3 different characters, and does it rather poorly, but she's so cute that it doesn't matter. She does best when she just plays herself. That aside, this was pretty funny! Worth a watch.
A very happy Christmas to all my followers, fellow-bloggers, writers and readers everywhere.
Ultimately, I thought this one was a good effort. Devon doesn’t come off as an ass (huge accomplishment of the author) and even though I think he could have smoothed over the situation a little earlier than he did…He also takes the fall for the heartless start of the relationship. Which was necessary for his character. The ending was pat for how complex Banks allowed the rest of the book to get. So easy it’s a little vomit-in-the-mouth sweetly perfect. The characters deserved more…
Mats Björk: psychedelic sound engineering
The 2012 Arctic ice outlook is mixed. Any Arctic vessels looking to transit the Northwest Passage will have a much better chance entering from the Atlantic and Baffin Bay vs the Bering Sea. There will be delays in the shipping season through the Bering and Chukchi Seas as they have had a tremendously challenging winter throughout these areas as the National Snow and Ice Data Center lays out below:
To assist the establishment of balance
4 specific
You can walk along the top of the defences and enjoy broad vistas of the estuary and its shipping.
Well, we were.
Buy It: You can purchase the Garnet Bead Bracelet for $8.99 and The Braided Dangle Earrings for $7.99. You can save 10% on your order with Discount code "JENNI" at check out.
"Despite public discontent, Hamas officials seem unruffled. The movement’s grip inside Gaza remains near-total, in part because a unity deal with Fatah, which could lead to elections, is on ice. That leaves Abu Khaled, an unemployed former shopkeeper, to seethe in his 11th-floor apartment in Gaza City. Khaled, 55, said he voted for Hamas because it promised change and justice, which he figured meant there would be jobs. But only those who “pray in a Hamas mosque” get work, he said, adding that the movement’s leaders look as though they have gotten comfortable with their mini-state and have forgotten about fighting for Palestinian independence. “We used to take taxis, now we walk. We were eating, now we are not. We must admit, things changed — but for the worse,” Khaled said wryly, speaking through coils of cigarette smoke. “Hamas is controlling us. They are responsible for us.”
I've realized how much you've been spoiling us with the 40 degree temps when you snuck in a 20 degree day on Sunday. No offense, but I can't wait until you take a hike and make way for spring!
If you don’t want to see them, I have provided a link from the Doe Network that has only reconstructions. The Doe Network link also has more information about “Lyle”, such as his vital statistics and more about the case circumstances.
Sleeper Picks That Can go Either Way:
President Dwight D. Eisenhower established the first Law Day in 1958. Congress issued a joint resolution establishing May 1 as the official annual date for the event in 1961.
He has sent me to heal the broken-hearted,
Jesus, thank you for drawing us to commune with you. Thank you for not leaving us alone and in our own filth. Thank you for your cleansing power and making a way for us to be with you. Thank you for WANTING to commune with ME, O Lover of my soul!
It was the hardest time in my life (right upto today) and dont you guys go thinking that i have passed it and its all ok now. (keep these words i will come back to it in my next post!!!)
I honestly think that it’s one of the most amazing things that God does for us. He helps us to learn and grow. It’s not easy, and I don’t always like Him for it, but, oh, how good it feels when I realize that, thanks to all the seeds and opportunities given to me by God, I’ve got this down, whatever this might be. It lends me confidence, in myself, in the process, and, most especially, in God.
Anyone remember this one?
My aunt won and wanted a spring wreath, I created a board on Pinterest and she seemed to like "earthy" wreaths, and she loves to garden.
For the buyer, of course, a longer due diligence period is preferable. There is really no risk for the buyer. This creates a different sort of perverse incentive – some buyers will get a property under contract before they have really decided if they want the place or, perhaps, before they have even seen it. This is a particular problem in foreclosure sales, where there are often multiple bids. A buyer looking for a bargain may make multiple bids on several foreclosure properties, but not even visit those properties until they win a bid.
As to what makes something boring, Prof. Toohey says it is “predictability, monotony, and confinement.” This is as good a definition as any, but my interest in boredom has been what results from this universal mind-numbing experience.
The final image was tweaked slightly in photoshop for the poster, as the waves scanned in too gray. Otherwise, the poster is fairly accurate to the original scan.
On the bed was a card surrounded by flowers, a bottle of my favorite red wine, some bubble bath, my bathrobe, and a card. Inside the card, JT expressed that my special date night was with myself (well, and Sampson). If you know me, you know this is a very special gift for me. The card also came with a list of instructions for me.
Papers: My Minds Eye Lost & Found Christmas
Rufus Wainwright+
1232. Pub Pretzels @ Sly Fox Brewery (Phoenxiville, PA) 6:31 p.m.
“What are you here for?”
Your pets: Peachy
Include her friends in the proposal: Buy a gift certificate to a jewelry store, and then tell to her pick out something nice the next time she is shopping with her girlfriends.
"I'm always looking for "smooth" leaders -where you feel like you are floating down a river together. I think that smooth factor comes from a combination of knowing the music well, knowing how to walk well, and him being respectful of my body and my style."
My cooking motto is: Use what's at hand. After finding out that the can of tomato puree I thought I had was either a myth or invisible, I grabbed a can of tomato soup to use instead. With a little cornstarch to thicken it and tons of garlic and basil to make it yummy, I ended up being proud of my unexpected cooking experiment.
then head home and sip on some coffee...
Anything could lie behind that door or at the top of the stairs. They suggest possibilities, but leave those possibilities up to our imaginations.
Then put a crimp bead or a wire end crimp with a loop on it on the end of beading wire
Paired with Ommegang Aphrodite Ale
It also isn't like Buzzard Day, which consists of renting a costume and spending three hours strutting around in it.
The beautiful fugitive, Grace, arrives in the isolated township of Dogville on the run from a team of gangsters. With some encouragement from Tom, the self-appointed town spokesman, the little community agrees to hide her and in return, Grace agrees to work for them. However, when a search sets in, the people of Dogville demand a better deal in exchange for the risk of harbouring poor Grace and she learns the hard way that in this town, goodness is relative. But Grace has a secret and it is a dangerous one. Dogville may regret it ever began to bare its teeth… —Cannes Film Festival
Woo Jin learns that Dae Su and Mi Do have left her apartment and that she quit her job. Mi Do reveals that she's in love with Dae Su and they finally make love. Woo Jin tells his bodyguard that he's getting depressed and that they'll leave when this is done. At Dae Su's new place we see gas coming in under the door. Men in gas masks enter while they're out and leave a gift wrapped box on the table containing Mr. Park's hand, which Dae Su had threatened to chop off. This tells Dae Su that Woo Jin is listening to them. Mi-Do investigates "evergreen" and discovers the phrase "evergreen old boys" a term for attendees of Dae Su's high school. Mi Do and Dae Su visit the school and find Woo Jin's picture, as well as the fact that in the same class a girl, Soo Ah, has had her pictures cut out of the yearbook. Dae Su calls Joo Hwan to ask about this and he tells Dae Su that Soo Ah died after Dae Su transferred out of the school. Describing her, Joo hwan says that she apparently committed suicide, jumping off a bridge and that "She was a total slut. On the outside she acted just like a prude, a good girl, inside she was really wild. Rumors had it that slut fucked everyone at school! I should have gotten a piece of her." Joo-Hwan doesn't realize that Woo jin is in the internet cafe with him, eavesdropping. Enraged at what he's hearing, he kills Joo-hwan. He then gets on the call with Dae Su and tells him "My sister wasn't a slut!'
The birds are shaped out of red clay which by the way can be a great stress reliever. For a couple added details I used miniature, heart, cookie cutters which I painted the house numbers onto and with additional clay made a couple beads and some mini birds that I strung from bakers twine. The swing is a piece of barn wood that had cracked when my husband was making my oldest daughters headboard.
A recent Wall Street Journal Report indicates that American men in their 30's are making less money than their fathers did at the same age (adjusted for the cost of living). This, in my opinion, seems to correspond with the marriage pinch that some women are feeling, in terms of finding suitable men- "suitable" often meaning financially suitable. Women just happen to start feeling this pinch in their 30's.
I admit. I like the chiseled, hard-cut jaw and features. There's something dark about it, I think. It's my remaining vestige of liking the 'bad boy' type thing (although, since he's 43 and I'm almost 32, I guess it's a 'bad guy' sort of thing at this point). Peter compared him to Matt Damon (another good looking guy in my book, although a few years younger than DC), whom he considers considerably more attactive. He isnt quite as striking as DC, to me, and there's a big reason why. Eyes. I'm an "eye" girl when push comes to shove. Peter has GREAT eyes (which Bobby inherited, so LOOK OUT LADIES!). Another actor with awesome blue eyes (and whom I have quite the crush on)? Matt Bomer, from the USA hit White Collar (who is also closer to our age). Peter admits, MB has good eyes and is 'above average' overall. But still, DC isnt getting his vote! So, after I break down the eye debate (MB has great eyes that are warm and fuzzy; DC has great eyes that hold a hint of 'dont piss me off and, if you do, stay out of the dark alley afterwards'. I'm sorry! But I like that!), I turn to the tried and true method of any woman trying to win a 'which celebrity crush is hotter'... I yell to Sarah: "Hey, if you could go with Daniel Craig or Matt Damon, who would it be?"
You’re a precious earth angel. You must be Heaven-sent.
Dry red chilly - 1
McGill and Kovalevski took a big step forward towards a PCW Women’s Tag Team title shot after defeating two other teams Thursday night.
There are many ways to recycle, upcycle or repurpose buttons. One of our favorites is making post earrings. The process is exceedingly simple.
On Friday, TV3 reported that Mohamed Razali lodged a police report at the Patani Road station, claiming that he had attended the May 5 meeting with Christian leaders and that he was disappointed that they were denying matters discussed at the meeting.
But Troy and Carreen aren't late-night partiers, so after watching the fireworks in town they decided to come back to the house and see what we were up to. The red Christmas jacket that Loco was wearing for the special day was a tip to Carreen that we hadn't gone to bed, rightfully thinking we wouldn't have left him roaming the house dressed like that for the night, and so they decided to head up to the roof to see if we were up there watching fireworks. Thank goodness! They saved us from who knows how many hours of sitting up there waiting to be rescued. We celebrated with chips and dip and cheese and crackers and called it a night. I wasn't sure if it was a good sign or a bad sign that we started the New Year like that, because the very next day we broke the microwave plate, a ceramic spoon that I hadn't even used yet, and a glass candle globe. I guess I should be glad nobody broke their leg jumping from that fourth level (that would have been Miguel because I wasn't about to attempt it), so maybe that means it was a good sign. The jury is still out.
So do you want to see the rooms? and yes I did go completely OTT with this project...
FG=1.012@66F
Randy and Rozanne Frazee have some ideas that just might change your life. Their book, Real Simplicity deals with these and other problems head-on and offers up some good (and sometimes rather radical) suggestions. Most of their ideas revolve around these points: be more family and neighborhood focused, be less involved in overly expensive structured activities, be more involved with each other, rest more, enjoy the simple things; their more radical idea also involves resting…at the right time. You will have to read it to find out more (it’s interesting though and might work quite well for some).
Mostly I was just curious. I was a part of a writing group and had read that in today’s market, to sell a book, a writer MUST have a blog. I started one early in 2009 simply as part of my plan to be a writer. That’s when I started Twitter, too — also under a pseudonym. I was obsessive about it and saw it as “my job” — because I saw writing as my job, and marketing was a necessary part of it. Every writer I knew blogged about the same thing: how to be a writer, advice about how to be a writer, what it felt like to be a writer, etc. I tried to follow the pack (since I assumed that was what I had to do to succeed.) I followed everyone on Twitter who followed me, I commented on every single post that came up on Google Reader and followed every single person that followed me. I wrote about how to write, how not to write, how to be successful — until I realized I was a novice and had no place writing such posts. Every writer’s blog I followed was offering up the same advice, and it started to feel very constricting to me. Not that others might choose to blog this way, but that it should be expected of me, as a means to sell.
My morning workspace.
And shot from ear to ear;
After scanning in the pencils, I went ahead and did a composite using the graphic elements that I knew would be going into it. Basically, I wanted to make sure everything fit before putting too much work into the project.
Mr Smith has either taken the last part of the paragraph verbatim from Mr Whitehouse, or else the writer possesses a very dry wit.
1. The end of the Mayan calendar means either the end of the earth or doom for the human race. The level of cataclysm depends on the person, but the idea is that the end of the Mayan calendar is a bad thing. The ideas used to support this theory are wide and wild – everything from Nostradamus predictions to the NASA solar maximum warning. Recent credence includes the increasing instances of natural disasters.
For anyone who has little girls and lots of hair, this is a great site to get some new ideas!
On Friday my delicious housemate Joss and I had the very great honour of attending our first ever fashion parade!
Did it work? Do I appeal to you more now? On second thought, don't answer that.
Brahms – Violin Concerto in D major, op.77
For me, probably the best part of the day was watching the OG on the rock wall. Now, the OG, while athletic and very capable of climbing (trees, ropes, etc.), has not ever made it to the top of one of those rock walls, even though we knew she probably could have done it. We didn't push it, of course, but always kind of wondered why she wouldn't do that, when she was so capable of climbing just about anything else.
It becomes hard picking out getting some deceitful builder on location, before the playback quality acquired paths.
The zombie apocalypse would probably happen due to overreaction on our part, using nuclear weapons on a zombie-infested city, which would cause a cascading effect on the environment. You’d kill a few of the zombies, but you also destroy a whole city’s worth of infrastructure and resources, and you have a bunch of radioactive zombies now. When panic or bad decision-making happen, what can save you from that?
Unfortunately, when Zinnemann is left with the other characters, he finds less dramatic ammunition. The character of Paco, a 10-year old boy who asks Artiguez to kill Vinolas for executing his father, is admirably portrayed by Marietto Angeletti, but harbors a burning desire for vengeance that he is too young to fully understand. The occasional father-son type rapport between Peck and Angletti, while amusing, has none of the depth that we got between Montgomery Clift and 9-year old Ivan Jandl in Zinnemann’s The Search (1948). Both Paolo Stoppa, as the bandit Pedro, and Raymond Pellegrin, as Carlos—Artiguez’ best friend who is secretly Vinolas’ mole—are left with thankless parts.
So I go out to the yard and relieve and no sooner than I do that than the control center calls over the radio and says "Return all inmates to their housing units immediately and prepare for count!"
~*Bloodied hammers found at the location of the murders*~
I received the phone call yesterday morning that I had been expecting for the past few weeks. My grandfather, known as "Pop" to us, had passed away during the night. He was 89.
Once upon a time I had a balanced brain. Today, because of ProG, I am totally unbalanced. No doubt this comes as a complete shock to you because I come across as perfectly normal, as you can tell from all my blog posts. Regrettably, some people no longer even believe I’m a writer or artist because of the long span of time between the completion of my various projects.
I’m sorry, I just cannot accept religious intolerance in office-supply sales. For those of you who don’t know me that well, you don’t know that I am an active member of the group PABOS. That is People Against Buddhist Only Staplers.
So, it's just about two years since I got the job offer from Misnomer U. The campus looks very much as it did when I interviewed; it is the season of magnolias and long slow spring evenings. The fountains drip gently, and the graduating seniors pose in front of fantastic Victorian buildings with their towers and balconies. I fell in love with this place at this time of year. I would have accepted a job offer from almost anywhere, of course, but it was nice to feel that it came from a school I could love.
AOL hates me.
Blessed is the man who does not walk in the counsel of the wicked or stand in the way of sinners or sit in the seat of mockers. But his delight is in the law of the Lord, and on his law he meditates day and night. He is like a tree planted by streams of water which yields its fruit in season and whose leaf does not wither. Whatever he does prospers
He wasn’t a high maintenance kid, that wasn’t it at all. But when he didn’t get what he wanted, he
“Miss Miles, how delightful to meet you!” I said. “What a fine performance you gave in Ryan’s Daughter! You must have been pretty uncomfortable when Robert Mitchum slumped on top of you in the wedding night scene.”
Anyway suffice to say that Lou has discovered the joys of digital. Enjoy,
(from Mountain Home, The Wilderness Poetry of Ancient China, translated by David Hinton)
I matched the frames to the pictures I wanted to use and then cleaned the frames. I inserted the photos next and then did my best Hulk impersonation while tearing off the kickstand on the back of each frame. (No small feat.)
Born at Ground Zero
to be mountains, to bring down the rain.
Our relationship, hitherto professionally cordial, never quite recovered from the sight of undressed pupils running around a HoD’s classroom. Over the following weeks, I got the impression that he was shutting the experience deep into his subconscious; he wouldn’t allow me to broach the subject and seemed to avoid my company. And I’m not sure I can blame him.
3) using a Taser on a person that’s in a wheelchair
How can the libraries use this technology?
In a medium-sized bowl, add all ingredients except sour cream. Mix well. Add the sour cream and mix again. Serve cold with crackers or chips.
Echo, echo, echo! It has been way, way, way too long since I've checked in here, but I'm back and ready to blog. If you still check in, please come on back because I have a lot to write about.
My other fun mailbox surprise happened yesterday and I could hardly believe my eyes when I spied a little package inside.
There has been a lot of noise surrounding the water access issue here in Utah. Representative Fowlke has introduced HB 80 which seems to be a workable compromise for the majority of stakeholders, and I would encourage recreational water users to show their support for this bill.
Sure, it’s partite in this sense but I do not see how one can posit what you have here stated and come out with the sense necessarily for the Witness view of the kingdom.
Tomorrow, Ashley and I will take a train to Valencia and then fly to Amsterdam. I am dreading this a little bit considering how I am feeling today, but we have to get up there in time for Ashley to catch her flight to California. So, we are staying there for only two nights (we found someone to stay with; our mom's friend's cousin!) unfortunately, but hopefully we can return in July so that we can spend some more time there. Meanwhile, I will be waiting for her in Liverpool where I'll be staying with my friend Stephen, whom I am so excited to see! Once I am settled in England I should have a lot of down time, so I'll pick up where I left off and share lots of pictures and stories from the beautiful Feria in Seville, plus all that followed.
Tonight we'll be heading to the Esplanade again, this time with our husbands and Hannah and Max, to watch a movie together. There is more advanced planning involved (we've had it on our Google calendars for months), and I don't think we'll be sitting that close to the river, but I've worn my sneakers, just in case.
"Monday's the best night, when my husband goes ougt to darts," she said. So the girl agreed to have a bath the following Monday.
I’m a sucker for romance. Speaking of suckers, I don’t need my lovefest to be sprinkled with unrefined sugar. Romance is sweet enough on its own without the leading man—who, by the way, never remotely resembles Zac Efron in my dreams—uttering crap lines like, “You need to be kissed every day, every hour, every minute.” Even Robert James Waller would be ooked out by that. In any other universe, this soldier-turned-stalker would inspire a scary thriller. But this is Nicholas Sparks’ world, and we’re just the not-so-Lucky Ones to live in it.
What the flip? Where are my ribs? No fried chicken? Sans Sushi?…. Only new non-sweet items are the Miso Soup (which we sampled, fine but nothing extraordinary, will be nice on a cool winter evening…) and the Edamame…
and carried her safe to the long grass.
At first it’s creepy me out but now I get used to it. He seems live alone since I never seen anyone else in this house. I found a photo frame on his room when I clean it up. His family. And you should trust me; you will never want to meet with his family. They look scarier than Yoochun.
673 D-VI/13/1974. “One Introduction to the Problem of Privacy.” Opening Session, Governor’s Commission on Individual Liberty and Personal Privacy, Chicago, Illinois. See Item A-4, above.
4. are testing out a Mythbusters theory, or lastly
BUT. This time it is different. Yes I will be leaving my current employer because of bitchiness from colleagues mainly resulting from my drunken behaviour.
9. Do an extraction
We also talked about his pride and joy, which is the family recipe for his red sauce, which he is now the holder of. This recipe is 125 years old, and has been in his family since then. He currently makes the sauce, bottles it, and sells it. I can't wait to find it and give it a try, and he stated that it can be purchased at the Pennington Market. I will have to find this soon and write a review about it!
Arvind Pani, CEO, Reverie Language Technologies said, “We are very excited to be part of Datawind family and getting a chance of making digital information available to the masses in their preferred language. We strongly believe that our alliance will go a long way in bridging the digital divide in the under-privileged communities across the world.”
The discussion went to the Shia and the Sunni and the Kurds and on and on. They were the center of attention because they are destroying each other, have militias and push their way around.
1-800-743-5382
To say there is but one truth,
The support for these Far Right parties is not significant for another reason. Capital looks to fascism when its rule is under threat from a powerful working class, organised and led, by a revolutionary party. Fascism is its last resort under such conditions, because it involves the bosses abandoning their preferred form of political rule - bourgeois democracy - which allows them to rule more or less directly, and instead to hand over that political rule to the fascists. Moreover, fascist totalitarianism is a unique merging of the political power with the State power, in a way that not even traditional Bonapartism achieves. Such a situation is extremely dangerous for Capital, because of its unpredictability, its lack of control, and the threat to individual Capitals it entails. Before resorting to fascism, as Trotsky says, Capital is far more likely to make additional concessions to the workers, in order to buy time before reasserting control, through its trusted methods via Social Democracy.
Then it was Friday night at last. I had survived, so out for a lovely end-of week celebration with Them Home Here, walking not driving. Yes, on Saturday I rested mightily. Huge thanks to everyone for a most memorable week!
Rather than draw inspiration from one of Ashwell’s sweeping rooms, I decided to focus on a small corner of her boudoir in Los Angeles. I adore how the unusual pink accents of the gold Florentine cabinet play with the sparkling pink-silver curtains, and how the charcoal and pastels of the ballerina sketch create a weathered, well-loved softness to the room. I believe the ballet is wonderfully inspirational for weddings, and that tulle, when a bit tattered and antiqued, can be even more beautiful than its pristine form.
While My Love is normally a big proponent of moderation and portion control. However, when she passes a farm-fresh stand of berries or squash she suddenly comes under the delusion that our home doubles as a way station for ravenous armies of vegan extremists.
It is clear that there are overwhelming ethical, financial and religious reasons to abolish the death penalty.
5. Raffle prizes are on offer again this year, courtesy of the NFPF. If you would like to donate a prize yourself, contact Marilyn--that address again is ferdyonfilms(at)comcast(dot)net.
The dogs got skunked about 3 weeks ago (face first, simultaneously) at 3:30am and then ran past my husband into the basement and rolled on the carpet. Subsequently, the entire house had to be steam-cleaned, every piece of fabric in it had to be washed (including future-sized clothing stashed in the attic)...and one dog still smells like skunk about 10 baths later.
Sentiment towards US Treasury bonds is close to reaching a bullish extreme. The bond timers monitored by the Hulbert Bond Sentiment Index reached a recent peak of 46.1% (and have since declined to 35%). This means that the average bond timer was recently suggesting that their clients be long the bond market with 46% of their portfolio. That has historically corresponded with tops in long dated Treasuries.
Check out these segments from a recent Nightline investigation, aired April 14, including interviews with anxious NYC parents enrolling their four-year-olds in arduous test prep programs, because they believe that if they can get their kids into these programs they will be set for life, as well as an interview with Chancellor Walcott, who expresses no concern that some parents may be paying four or five thousand dollars to prep their children for the test, because he says this gives them more "choices." Walcott also evinces a surprising lack of skepticism, given the extreme racial disparity in the results, that these exams test actual giftedness rather than economic and social privilege.
Be patient. Good things are worth waiting for.
A correction to this article was made 16 November 2011 to clarify that NASA’s shuttle program ended under Obama’s term.
I hope they make you happy just looking at them.
I suppose it makes some sort of sense however... The other day I was walking with one of his best friends while he rode beside us on our way home for a playdate:
Butter, Shortening and Margarine can be substituted for each other in equal amounts. The flavors are different, but they perform the same.
We cause by doing so.
Halsteadarian Feature got cancelled, crowd funding didn’t work, so rewrote it as a web series, but life got in the way of my actors, so its back in development hell.
1. 12/31/2009. The first one. Titled "My Vomitous Blog Manifesto." Basically meta about the whole experience, and gets into Dodie Bellamy's essay "Barf Manifesto," hence, title. Really quite ejaculatory but ecstatic I think. At this point I had no idea how to write a blog, and every time I typed a title, I linked to it on Amazon, which I don't really do, anymore.
As a result of the research work carried out after 2009, Mercedes AMG now solely design, develop and produce the entire KERS package, aside from the Battery cells. So now the MGU is a wholly Mercedes AMG part.
Join the Club – Support the Work!
It seems everyone has been touched by cancer in some way, shape or form and because of this so many are willing to get behind events such as May's Biggest Morning Tea http://www.biggestmorningtea.com.au/
The noon emergency siren
Fruit is the true test of ministers and ministries. If people are being saved, if lives are being changed, there is good fruit. Even though the minister may say something bad and make mistakes, the fruit is good.
Since the initial dawn raids last month, officers had made a further two arrests as part of the probe, a police spokesman said.
- In Thailand it is illegal to step on a banknote, leave your house without wearing underwear and if you drop a piece of bubblegum on the pavement you can be fined $600.
The Texas Court of Criminal Appeals today denied Bartee’s request for a stay, affirming the trial court’s ruling that the results of recent DNA tests probably would not have persuaded a jury to acquit him if they had been available as evidence at trial.
Comes in a 3D holographic digipak.
3. Choose one thing to be consistent about, and live it. A beachhead of just one disciplined action will create a pathway in your mind, allowing you to do this more often. I can recall a time in my life in which I wanted to lose weight, but failed to have the discipline to do so. That year I chose to also wake up at 5am to meditate. I believe the act of choosing to stick with one, aided the other. In the end I lost 50 pounds, and was far more centered than when I started. It forever taught me this lesson.
Well, I don’t know. She was slammed on all sides, and again, I have listened to it back over and over, and while I hear a few pitchy things, I wouldn’t call it a yard sale. What I did notice, however, was that she was NOT relaxed and “free falling” as Tony Kanal urged .. she just didn’t look like she was enjoying it at all…. like she was working really hard to make it LOOK like it was fun. And in working so hard, she lost the pitch a few times. Then Jennifer gave her a rambling and confusing critique about listening to the experts but NOT listening to them when you’re on stage. I know what she meant, but for someone like Hollie who seems to be so cerebral, she’s going to spend too much time trying to follow what Jennifer told her, and not enough time just doing and feeling. Anyhow, she is really cute, with a power voice, and is truly struggling with the performance part of this. Could be on the block tonight…… I’d rather have DeAndre, but realistically, he was better and has a lot of fans.
I found further detail on COBie on You Tube: COBie College Class 1-6 ( http://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL9E7A408B074B90C9 ). It’s COBie as used in the USA, but is very similar to the UK approach and particularly useful, if like me you sometimes need to hear the message a couple of times before it sinks in !
p.s. and a paw from Amar! (just been to the groomer...., isn't she a beauty?!)
3. Scarborough Fair 3:02
Mandy Slater – News Front Page #2
I am considering the posibility of getting a tatto around january, once i complete my first half marathon.
Have you noticed that your recent experiences have you looking deep within yourself –sometimes feeling defeated, exhausted or depressed? We’ve just passed through one tough energetic time with Mercury (the ruler of communication) in retrograde. And many of my friends and clients are calling asking for Reiki to help see them through this difficult time.
. . . feeding you spiritually?
she plucked a tender morsel,
“None. Sir, if you want things to go according to the Clearviewing, I have to be here, on-hand.” Rel glanced at the clock above the entrance, and chewed his lip. There was no need to sound quite so desperate. Yet.
fritz needs to sit in time out. he's not being nice to clara.
If you win you may continue receiving scholarship funds for the duration of the program you are in for up to 4 years, if you continue to participate in the scholarship program. To participate just share information about the work you are doing to help humanity secure a global truce with the other members of the Peace and Collaborative Development Network by uploading information on to this site. You may upload summaries of your term papers or essays and create a website promoting ways to secure a global peace and Cease fire.
Of course it’s just a nightmare and she wakes up soon after. Then we get her talking to her friend Romy while babysitting, and because Romy is black, she knows all about dream interpretations, voodoo, the supernatural and everything else that will play prominently in the film’s flimsy plot. Because being black automatically equates to being African, which means knowing all about superstitions and magic spells and other stuff like that. How racially sensitive!
Sadly, he didn’t hear me.
Follow Jesus!
Although new nuclear plants are perhaps safer than those constructed decades ago, it is impossible to rule out a catastrophic accident at a nuclear power plant, despite the considerable attention devoted to reducing risk in such complex and large-scale engineering designs. This is tacitly acknowledged by all Governments that try to locate such plants in regions away from “large” population centers.
straggly and so i wore a headband to keep it out of my eyes.
Bye Bye Birdie update~
As mentioned before, there will be a featured sketch each month. One layout uploaded on to the gallery using the featured sketch will be chosen and will be published in an upcoming Designs By Ashley Rock Sketches Book! So not only do you get the benefits of easy scrapping but also the opportunity to have your work published! Sounds like fun, huh?
Strange as it seems for her confident personality, she had not tooted her own horn....... she felt humble in this case.
One reason people might care politically is shown in a reaction I read – and the first – by Simon Cooke, a Conservative councillor in Cullingworth, a village in Bradford District, but not in Galloway’s Bradford West. He and Khan (or Alice Gribbin who has the by-line in TNS) are of the same mind:
Life can often get so busy that we don’t stop to think about what we really want out of life, and what’s stopping us from achieving our dreams.
The two suspects face charges of attempted first-degree murder, burglary with assault or battery and armed burglary. They are accused of beating the man in the head with a hammer. The suspects are 18 and 19.
My friends future daughter-in law has now asked me to make her wedding stationery, their colour scheme being hot pink, black and white. Me thinks I'd better get making some samples up quick smart....lol!!
my mom is finally here! we are ready and waiting for him to join us. we are jumping on trampolines. we are going on walks. we are doing it all. she is here for 10 days so pllllleasssssseee come out baby boy.
Thanks for stopping by and have a great week!
Still, when Valentine's Day comes around (even though my husband spoils me rotten now), I always remember that dreaded sense of feeling totally unloved (even if it wasn't really true -- my mother reminded me that she loved me best of all -- but at 15, that doesn't really count, does it?) So to all you fabulous girls out there (whether in high school or elsewhere) who may not necessarily get that huge bouquet of flowers today, don't sweat it!!!!! You are LOVED. You are WONDERFUL and you are incredibly SPECIAL.
Seems now that the dead-center of this genre happened when, in I Heart Huckabees, Brad, played by Jude Law, repeatedly asks “How am I not myself?” Screwball Existentialist movies address this question by trying to make us laugh at our own fractured identities.
called the Brocken Specter. It shows the magnified form
Near the end of my pregnancy, I started researching photographers in our area who could do a professional photo shoot with James as a babe. I remembered that my friend used Kristi Zontini for her wedding and her photographs were gorgeous. Kristi’s studio, Bella Babies, now focuses mainly on babies and families.
I could feel the sound of heaven, the reverberating “aaahhhhhhhhhh,” moving up and down this wispy vortex. Even now, as I am remembering, the sound initially was heard by my right ear, so we can look at it flowing in from her spiritual side engulf the entirety of her life, with movement.
Curated by Brooke Ferguson
4) Combine into dough and let rest for 30 mins.
I’m available to play any or all of these characters.
Louis A. Caporicci, 35, New York, N.Y.
River Song appears, in camo gear, and Amy and her cross check their diaries. River says she’s just climbed out of the Byzantium, “you were so young, didn’t have a clue who I was,” she says to Amy. She asks Amy where she is in the timeline, and and she says the Doctor is dead and that she’s sad. Not just because of that, because she killed Madame Kovarian. River says it’s fine, it was in an aborted time-line, so never happened. But it still happened for Amy, she remembers it.
Diverse diseases… This refers to a person being held in custody of a disease. The disease is making them captive… they are confined to a bed or to a room or to a wheel chair. It’s not God’s will for a disease to control people. A lot of folk are held captive by ulcers, diabetes, cancer, paralysis, heart problems and much more. Diverse diseases also include the fear of coming down with a disease… such as… “It’s the flu season, I guess I will come down with it too.” Jesus can set people free. He came to set the captives free…to loose the prisoners. (Luke 4:18)
Now I've already blogged this band before, and they are aware of it. Fortunately the record(s) I've blogged are out of print!
Second, a fitting presence in newsrooms, and the varied coverage that it brings, mitigates the resentment of people who are ignored and discriminated against. Recognition of tribulations and achievements combats discrimination. And if meaningful changes do not happen, resentment will bubble up destructively — as it already does in areas of Maoist influence in eastern India. Constant, probing stories about the triumphs and agonies of people on the margins help to effect remedies and turn barriers into bridges.
Ray McKinley & His Orchestra--Tumblebug
I would just like to personally thank Michelle of Much Loved Books for her amazing HTML skills. She designed the page Tours - 2011 Publication by Author. I mentioned on Twitter that I had been working on it all day and still couldn't get the spacing in the right place. She came to my rescue and wrote all of the html for the page as well as making sure all of the book covers were correct and the right size.
I started cooking some cornbread in a metal football shaped pan, and while the cornbread was cooking I remember several dream scenes.
Well, I guess it is back to the drawing board!
If you were hip enough to peep Pacewon and Mr. Green's 1st album together "The Only Color That Matters Is Green" than you should already know full well the capabilities that these two have together in a collaborative process...Personally I put them right up there with any other collab record that will or already has dropped this year...
Application:
All done, all prepared, only waiting now.
Reaching out his hand
Another potential reason is cultural. Japanese culture is different then North American culture. Japan has practiced a form of chivalry called the Bushido for centuries. This honour code originated with neo-Confuscionism and was practiced by Samurai. However this honour code found its way into the very fabric of Japanese society. Today while Japanese culture has changed drastically the honour code is still practiced by most politicians and businessmen.
across the crystal-blue abyss.
Last year we bought our house and with it, we took ownership of a long, long, garden. It has room for a swing, for flower beds and a path, there are long stretches of grass, space for games and picnics. We're making plans for places to sit, for climbing roses and a fragrant lilac. It will take a while, but I think we'll gradually turn it into a garden to remember.
“No signal. Can't you see, the world is fucked.” Judd gave up on her and started looking around the rubble for a steel bar or something close. He found a length of cable and tied it around a jagged piece of the slab and jerked it off with a crash. Sally suddenly awoke.
■Willing to blog for 12 months back in Australia about the link between sustainable agriculture and food security.
The biggest surprise was, that reflecting started to produce great again, I guess I missed the distance to my work and the daily routine. Thinking about projects and activities I worked on in the near past made me squirm here and there, I realized that this time out was just right and potentially helped me to get back on track – just in time.
Every visit I end up in tears but on this last visit in January, it was the last straw. It was my son's 4th birthday and I was working really hard to make it a great birthday for him. I set it up at a bowling alley and invited friends, etc. I could handle my dad criticising my bowling, whatever, but the whole visit I was just fed up with both of them. Oh and they can't listen at all. I don't even talk a whole bunch. They can't pay attention to ONE SENTENCE. I literally cannot finish a sentence, even when it's an amazing story or something really important to me. They've always done this to me, nothing new there.
So what's next? I have another pair of socks to finish up, which I started in the 2010 hockey season and a sweater that I started in 2010. Both items, I'm looking forward to picking up again. I love the sweater and have since realized how to interpret the instructions on which I was stuck! It only took two years to wrap my head around it, but I finally got it!
Last week I told you about our Fishing trip, what I didn’t mentions is that it was so good we did it twice. Also we had only taken the one camera with us the first time, and the battery had run flat before the trip was over. Given the wildlife we had seen first time out we wanted to try to capture some pictures this time.
We also went to Manly one day to catch up with our friends Rita (who is due any day now!), Lindsay, Chloe & Louisa
It is usually a great relief to be heading out of the door.
Sugar - 1 cup
One thing I did note... there were not a ton of babies and strollers navigating the city (at least not in the parts I was in) except for Thanksgiving Day, when LOTS of parents had their kids out for the parade and whatnot. That's when I noticed all the Maclarens. Makes me wonder if native New Yorkers don't have a lot of need to haul their kids around to the Garment District, or Times Square, etc. :)
and in that opening ten minutes or so, he hits all the hot spots: Beauty, Race, Power.
Snake energy­ ~
A real estate professional I spoke with for another article estimated the value of development rights in Downtown Brooklyn as $75-$100 per square foot, which suggests a value of less than $34 million for this property.
(Jan 4) Heavy rains in Brazil’s southeastern state of Minas Gerais have caused severe flooding and left at least seven dead, three missing and some 10,000 homeless. A total of 66 towns cities in Minas Gerais state have declared a state of emergency. (Source)
Mattel faced two main problems:
The White House has worked with all kinds of corporate stakeholders in the food industry that are interested in supporting the campaign, Barnes said. But the First Lady has shown up for few announcements from companies that have unveiled initiatives they say are inspired by Let's Move!. For instance, when McDonald's announced changes to its Happy Meals in July, Mrs. Obama was not on hand to cheer executives on. Instead, she issued a decidedly tepid statement.
I would not fail a team for having really long shafts as it isn't unsafe. It is a mechanical disadvantage that the team will have to work with that may cause them to fail. That's the handler's responsibility and choice to have longer shafts. However, if the shafts are long and the traces are not tight, I may fail the team depending on how dangerous I perceived the rig. I judged one particular trial in which almost every single team had really loose traces, even after I warned them of how dangerous it was (it also changes the point of pull). Anyways, one dog was almost pulled down a big hill when the shafts slid out of the shaft loops. It nearly gave me a heart attack seeing that happen.
a cleany, meany, but sometimes stuff just ends up here between shopping sprees and changing
So I asked her a couple of days ago if she would be my featured artist and was so happy when she said yes. She says, I am going to make an album and use my awesome Close To My Heart papers and other supplies. Never, did I imagine that she was making a huge album just for my post.
I've heard silly mathematical rules used to figure out if someone is old enough for you, such as "half your age plus seven." But I'm pretty sure that rule was made up by someone who wanted to date someone who was half their age plus seven.
This home series is the “island” in the middle of the Rainiers biggest road stretch of the year: 19 of 23 games away from Cheney Stadium.
